
Judging a Book
Dear Diary…Series
Book 9
By L. M. Reed
Smashwords Edition
Copyright L. M. Reed 2013

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Dear Diary…Series is available on most e-book platforms.
Check out all the books in the Dear Diary…Series by L. M. Reed

The Eyes Have It
Dear Diary…
Finding Mrs. Wright
For Richard or Poorer
One Knight Stand
Take Your Mark
Keeping Count
Christmas Spy
Judging a Book  
Fat Chance
Grunt Work
And Coming Soon:
Behind the Mask
Hurry Up and Wait
A Special Heart
Never Too Old
Generally Speaking

For a paranormal Romance adventure be sure and check out Chrystal Bahl’s
Frozen Dawn
Bloodlines
Blood Ties
Blood Secrets
And the final book of the series coming soon:
Blood Sacrifice

Also, check out the Agent Jack Knight spin-off series…
Agent Jack Knight: The Beginning
Agent Jack Knight: China
Agent Jack Knight: Russia
And coming soon:
Agent Jack Knight: Mexico

December 2011
London

Prologue

A small figure sat in a roughly built hardwood chair in a tiny, airless room, eyes darting between two brightly lit monitors perched on top of a cheap faux-wood computer table, switching between two keyboards as his fingers flew across the keys.  
The figure, a man of indeterminate age, sported a rather over-sized knit sweater in a rather unattractive shade of what appeared to be muddy sand, a pair of nylon pants in a color reminiscent of dull clay, and wire-framed glasses that looked to have seen better days…perhaps the eighties, although it was possible that was being kind.
Occasionally, the man would stop to take a swig at the beer bottle sitting near his right hand, but without taking his eyes off the displays in front of him.
Disjointed letters and numbers periodically flashed across one screen in what appeared to be a random manner, but the man seemed bothered not at all by the seemingly disorganized jumble of incomprehensible communication as he in turn typed his own hodgepodge of garbled characters.
The second screen displayed a news-feed from the popular social networking site, Direct-Connect, which automatically refreshed every fifteen seconds.
The news-feed moved quickly.  
The only sound in the room was the hum of the computer, the keyboards clacking, and the mutterings of the lone occupant of the abode.  
Although the whole space was barely larger than a fair sized walk-in closet, it was an abode…of a sort.  The cot squeezed next to the computer table, the beer bottle on the floor—which reeked of something other than beer—as well as the empty pizza box which took up the small amount of walking space left by the sparse furniture all spoke of long-term occupation.
The mutterings of the man were almost as incomprehensible as the characters displayed on one of his screens, but occasionally a recognizable word or phrase would pass his lips.  No earth-shattering revelations, simply an occasional “That’s it” or “Got it” or other similarly innocuous mumblings in his rather pronounced American southern drawl…but nothing definitive to explain what he was doing or why he was willing to exist in such a state.
The obviously unexpected knock—three sharply distinct and evenly spaced raps—on the door threw the man into a spasm.  
Springing from his chair, he overturned the beer bottle next to him as well as the one on the floor.  The odor, already overwhelming, would have sent a lesser man into flight in desperate search of fresh air, but that was not the cause of the terror spreading across the small man’s face.
As he turned towards the predictably small and roughly hewn door—the only remarkable thing about it being the host of locks of various types that stretched from top to bottom—panic distorted his already uninviting features. 
 “Who…who is it?” the man stuttered, frightened eyes glued to the door.
“Open up, Spindler,” an impatient yet cultured voice ordered.
The relief of tension was almost palpable, as the man seemed to melt into what little floor space existed.
“Today, Spindler,” sarcasm had replaced the impatience.
“Yes, yes, of course…” the man turned to his keyboards, frantically typed in a few characters on each effectively blackening the screens, and then hastened to comply.
Desperately attempting to control his shaking hands, Spindler eventually managed to work his way through each and every lock.
The door swung back—as far as was possible with the cot taking up most of the swing space—to reveal an extremely annoyed, deeply tanned and tuxedoed, white-haired man standing outside the doorway in a darkened hallway.
“Sorry…Sir…uh…Baron…Your Excellency…I…” Spindler stammered, “Would you like to come in?”
The well-dressed man lifted a handkerchief to his nose as he grimaced, his lean, hawk-like, aristocratic features drawn in obvious distaste.
“That is not necessary,” the Baron replied haughtily, a hint of eastern European detectable in his correct English accent.  “What information do you have for me that could not be shared on the phone?”
“So sorry to bother you…Your Grace…but there is…I mean…I have…”
“What is it?” the Baron demanded in a less than gracious tone.  “I am on a tight schedule and do not have time for your mutterings.”
“One of your…friends called…”
“And…?”
“One of your special friends…” 
“Again…and…?” 
“They want…well…you know…him…”
“And the problem would be…?”
“None of the numbers I have for…him…work anymore,” Spindler practically wailed.  “Maybe he’s already…er…retired.”
“Which of my special friends made the request?”
“The one who used to live in New York but now lives in California…the one you owe the favor…”
“I am well aware which friend now lives in California,” the Baron interrupted, adding with exaggerated patience, “If you are unable to contact him then simply inform my friend of that fact and find another to fulfill my friend’s request.”
“I’ve already tried other…er…contractors since you-know-who said he was too busy to take on any new jobs, but none of them have been able to find your friend’s…uh…girlfriend…”
“I get it…move this along…I have a tight schedule to keep.”
“It’s been almost two years and no one has had any success in locating her, and now your friend keeps insisting that we either use him or else your friend will…will…”
“He will…what?” 
“He threatened to…well…you know…”
“I see,” the Baron’s eyes narrowed.  “Notify my special friend that it shall be as he requested.”
“But I don’t…”
“That is all I require of you in this particular matter.  I shall make contact myself.”
“How…?  I mean…he obviously dumped his phones…”
“The ones to which you have access,” the Baron replied, “but I have other means…” he broke off abruptly.  “Send the information to my current burn phone in a format suitable for forwarding.”
“So should I wait to inform the client…I mean, your friend,” Spindler stammered the substitution, “until after you’ve contacted you-know-who?” 
“Do you doubt my word, Spindler?” the Baron asked softly.
“No…of course not…I would never…”
“Then do as you are told and leave the rest to me.”
The Baron abruptly turned and disappeared into the darkness.
“Gladly,” the man mumbled as he shut the door and began the arduous task of securing the locks.

February 2012
DFW Area

Chapter 1
Ricky

“C’mon Mark, you can’t spend all your evenings with your girlfriend.”
“Ashley isn’t just my girlfriend, Ricky,” Mark corrected as he pulled open the top drawer of a grey metal filing cabinet, “we’re getting married in less than a month.  Oh, and just so you know…yeah, I can.”
“It’s only one Saturday night,” I coaxed.  “We haven’t had a guys’ night out in a long time.  Besides, I’ve already got the tickets.”
“I’m sure you’ll find someone to take.  What about that girl from church…the one that asked you to her office party.  What was her name…?  Oh yeah, Pattie…she seems nice enough and…”
“Why would I take a girl?” I interrupted.  “It’s hockey, man…it’s a guy thing.”
“Maybe, but it’s not this guy’s thing.”
“What guy doesn’t like hockey?  I mean, c’mon…what’s not to love?  You got your blood, you got your beer, you got a bunch of guys beating each other with sticks…”
“Sorry, Ricky, but I’m just not a big sports fan and I’m not much into blood or beer either.”
“You should go, Mark,” Ashley said as she stood, moved out from behind the desk, and handed him a couple of folders.  “A little guy time might be good for you.  I’ll have plenty of help getting the new classes started…in fact, way too much help.”
Ashley’s lips twisted as she met Mark’s eyes challengingly.  
For a minute, I wondered what was going on with the new classes—the two obviously locked in some sort of battle of wills—but my interest proved short-lived.  Bullheadedness seemed to be one of the many things Mark and Ashley had in common, and neither ever backed down from a fight.  I’d seen it all before—too many times to count—and my main feeling was one of relief that it wasn’t me. 
Roller coaster rides, both literal and figurative, had never appealed to me, even as a kid—too many unpredictable up’s and down’s involved—and Mark’s and Ashley’s love life definitely qualified as one of the world’s largest roller coasters.
I’d take bobsled rides over roller coasters any day…fast and smooth without any bumps.
I shuddered at the thought of being the victim of husband-wife-warfare for the rest of my life…even if the makeup sex was good…even if any of the sex was good.
Not that I’d know…damned conscience…
I chuckled quietly at the irony.  Although I knew Ashley would appreciate the humor in using those two words in the same sentence, Mark frowned on even mild cussing.  One thing Mark and Ashley definitely didn’t have in common.  
Ashley cussed like a sailor and the only way Mark knew to shut her up was to occupy her mouth with other things.  Sometimes I wondered if that was Ashley’s plan, because her foul mouth always led to a make-out session with them.  Of course, with those two everything led to a make-out session.
I’d be glad when they got hitched and could get a room.  Their determination to ‘save it for marriage’ was driving everybody around them totally bonkers.
“That’s not happening, Ashley,” Mark said finally, taking the folders from her and filing them.  “As long as you insist on doing this, I’m going to be right there with you.”
“Overprotective much…?” Ashley asked archly, raising a perfectly shaped eyebrow at him.
“Yep,” Mark slammed the drawer shut and turned back to face her, “and I offer no apologies for it.”
  “Uh oh,” I sighed in resignation as the fight in their eyes turned to something else entirely, “I may not know what the heck you two are talking about, but I know that look.  You two can turn a squabble into a make-out session faster than anybody I’ve ever met.  At least let me get out of the office before you start groping each other.”
“You have five seconds,” Mark said without taking his eyes off Ashley, “and shut the door behind you.”
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” I muttered as I hightailed it out of there as fast as I could.  
Rounding the corner towards the main part of the gym, I literally bumped into a familiar figure, knocking a bunch of papers out of her hands.
“Hey klutz,” I groused, “watch where you’re going,” 
“Me?” the girl squeaked in disbelief.  “I’m not the klutz, you reject from the planet of the apes…you are.”
Squatting to gather the scattered sheets, she turned to glare at me.  
“Now get down here and help me pick up all these fliers,” she ordered.
“Fine,” I grumbled rolling my eyes.  “What are you doing here anyway, Denise?  Last time I checked, Thursday was a workday.”
Bending down, I began lazily stacking the papers in the pile Denise had already started, picking up one for every ten she gathered.
“For nurses, everyday is a potential workday, dummy,” Denise replied in exasperation.  “I’ve already told you that at least a dozen times since you moved here.  I think the more relevant question is why aren’t you at work?”
“I was on site all morning so I’m taking a late lunch,” I replied absently, stopping to read one of the papers.  “What are you doing with these?”
“Ashley asked me to pick them up from the printer on my way over here, nosey.”
“Says here she’s opening a couple of new classes on Saturdays,” I murmured scanning the flier.  “That must have been what they were discussing…”
“What are you mumbling about?”
“Self-defense classes…says here it’s for adults only.  I thought Ashley mainly taught kids—abused kids—that self-defense stuff on the weekends.  Her new shrink friend ‘head shrinks’ them and Ashley teaches them to kick butt.”
“Normally she does focus her self-defense classes on children, but she also teaches abused women,” Denise pointed out.  “However, I got the feeling these open-to-the-general-public adult classes weren’t her idea.  Maybe Shun asked her to do it.  After all, he owns the gym.”
“Shun and his family own the gym and I don’t think so.  From what Drew told me, Shun and his dad and brother let the managers do their own thing.  This gym is like number twenty-three and Shun’s dad still runs the one down in Houston, so that leaves Shun and his brother to watch over all the others.  I doubt either of them have the time or energy to stick their noses into everybody’s business that much.  Especially Shun, since he has to be on the Jack Knight movie sets so much.”
“Oh well…whatever…” Denise said grabbing the flier out of my hands.  “Anyways, you better get back to work before your boss wises up and fires your sorry heinie.”
“Those classes sound kind of interesting…the adult-only part does anyway.  Maybe I should…”
“They are not social events, Ricky.  Don’t you dare try to use them to pick up girls.  Besides, you’re always busy on Saturdays…at least that’s the line you feed me whenever I need your help.”
“Hey, I didn’t say I was going to take a class,” I put my hands up in surrender.  “And who was it that installed your new deadbolts a couple of weeks ago…?”
“You,” she admitted grudgingly, “but I had to wait around while you squeezed me in between your stinky old horses and the firing range.  You love your little boy stuff too much to start looking to join the adult table now.”
“So I like my toys,” I said with a shrug.  “That doesn’t mean I want to be stuck in a class with a bunch of snot-nosed kids.”
“But you’d fit right in.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, I’m all grown up now and can take care of my own snot, thank you very much.”
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that,” she muttered.  “Anyway, Drew already taught you that kung fu stuff, so you don’t need the classes.”
“It’s been a while and I’m kinda rusty.  Hey…wait a minute…you’re not thinking of signing up, are you?  Is that why you don’t want me to join…?”
“What of it?”
“You…the klutz of the year…in a self-defense class…?  No, strike that…not just the year…the klutz of the century…possibly even the millennia!  No way!  You’ll kill everybody there.”
“You’re a moron,” Denise said crossly, turning towards the office.
Falling into step with her, I asked with faked concern, “Do you have amnesia or something?”
“What?  No, of course I don’t have amnesia.”
“Well, it’s either that or you’re a big fat liar.  I heard you tell Mom and Dad that you weren’t gonna take any type of self-defense lesson ever again after Drew tried to teach you a few things and you ended up kicking him ‘where the sun don’t shine’ and then poking his eye out on top of that.”
“I did not poke his eye out.”
“Believe me, the eye-poking was the least of his worries.  I’m amazed he was even able to…er…perform after that, much less get Felicia pregnant…twice.”
“You are just so…so…” Denise stammered red-faced in mortification.
“Oh, and by the way,” I nodded towards the office door directly in front of us.  “I wouldn’t go in there if I were you.” 
“Oh, really…?  Well, guess what…I’m not interested in your opinions, my dear moronic brother,” she retorted as she twisted the handle on the door and pushed it open without so much as a knock.
Her embarrassed “Oh…so sorry!” had me whistling merrily all the way to the parking lot. 

Chapter 2
Mary

“Can I get you anything else, Ms. Smith?”
“No thanks, Dot, I’m fine,” I said smiling slightly at the young, slightly plump teenager.  “By the way, the new Twisted Tails book, Blood Ties, just came in.  I put it back for you.”
“That’s great!  I love that series.  The prequel, Frozen Dawn, was good, but too short so I was excited when Bloodlines came out.  I do kinda wish that Doctor Minsk had actually shown up in Bloodlines instead of just being mentioned, because I really liked him, but I have to say that I absolutely love his son Alexandre.”
“Were you disappointed in Bloodlines?” I asked in concern.
“No!” she exclaimed.  “Bloodlines was great!  I can hardly wait to see what happens in Blood Ties.  The author, Chrystal Bahl—I love that name—left it on a cliffhanger.  Have you read the new one yet?”
“As a matter of fact, I have.”
“So, what did you think?”
“I’m not sure,” I hedged, “but I’ll be very interested in your opinion.”
“I’m sure I’ll love it,” Dot gushed.  “I mean hot werewolves like Jay and Alexandre…and Blake…what’s not to love?”
I smiled at Dot’s contagious enthusiasm.
“And even though Quort’s not a werewolf,” she continued, “he’s so cute and funny and I hope he’s okay.  Chrystal Bahl better not have killed him and Dee off or I’ll be ticked.  Did she kill them off?”
“Well…”
“Wait…don’t tell me.  I’ll find out tonight…that is, if you don’t mind me dropping by the library after work and checking it out…?”
“I don’t mind at all.”
“Thank you so much, Ms. Smith.”
“No problem, Dot,” I rose and deposited a hefty tip on the table next to my empty plate.
“How do you do it?” Dot asked as I pushed my chair up to the table.  
Her question alarmed me.  Had Dot somehow guessed my secret?  Had I been that obvious?
“How do I do what?”
“Eat salads all the time?”
I sagged in relief.  Silly me…of course she couldn’t possibly know…no one knew…  
“I mean,” she continued as she cleared my table, oblivious to the distress she’d unwittingly caused, “I want to lose weight, but I love food too much.  I’d die without pizza and chocolate.”
“Those are in a food group all their own,” I acknowledged ruefully.  “I used to be able to down a large pizza all by myself in one sitting…and chocolate…that was my secret best friend.”
“What happened to make you stop?” she asked almost desperately as she straightened, dishes in hand.
“Life happened,” I said with a tinge of bitterness I couldn’t control, but hoped Dot hadn’t noticed, “And it changed…well…everything.”
“Ooohhh…tell me!  Maybe it will help me, too.”
“What happened to me wasn’t a good thing, Dot,” I said as kindly as I could.  “Please believe me when I say that you don’t want to go through what I did in order to lose interest in food.  It’s not worth it.”
“But you’re so thin and beautiful.  I wish I was thin and beautiful.”
“Carrying a bit of extra weight doesn’t make you unattractive, Dot.  You’re a very happy and well-adjusted young woman and that’s what’s important.”
“Yeah, right…tell that to the skinny people.”
“No matter what your peers may say, who you are is more important than what you look like.  You’re a wonderful girl, Dot, and I’d like to see you stay that way.”
“That’s easy for you to say…I mean, look at you…you’re…”
“No, it isn’t easy for me to say,” I interrupted sharply.  Taking a deep breath, I continued in a softer tone, “The pizza and the chocolate and all the other unhealthy foods I used to practically inhale…I paid the price for that.  I probably outweighed you by a good fifty pounds…and before you get all excited, I want you to know that I was much happier then even though I was the butt of a lot of cruel jokes.”
“How did you do it?  How did you get so little?”
Predictably, Dot dismissed my attempts to help her realize that losing weight didn’t necessarily equate to happiness, but at least she seemed more interested in the mechanics of losing weight than the tragedy behind my weight loss.  While that was probably a good thing for me, I knew it was far from a good thing for her.  
How could I explain that paralyzing fear and emotional pain were lousy ways to lose weight?
“Not in a healthy way and definitely not in a way I would recommend.  I almost…well…let’s just say that I got very sick, Dot, so please don’t set me up as an example.”  Quickly changing the subject, I said, “I have to get back to the library.  Drop by after work and I’ll have the book for you.”
I hurried out of the diner and crossed the narrow street to one of only five two-story buildings in the whole town…all of them in a row with the library taking the far west end.  The far east building housed the hardware store, the building next to it, the five and dime.  The other two had been vacant for quite a few years.
“Hey Mary,” my assistant greeted me as I entered the library.  “Enjoy your salad?” 
“Same ole same ole,” I replied as I stowed my purse in my desk and sat down.
“My friends Sandy and Teri stopped by and we made plans for the three of us to drive into the city tonight to try out that new club that just opened in Dallas.  We have room…you should come with.  They’ve got a semi-famous live band and everything and the best part…ladies have no cover charge.”
“I appreciate the offer, Shannon, but…”
“I know, I know, you’re busy…you’re always ‘busy’ but you never say with what.”
“Work things and…stuff,” I said vaguely as I rose from my desk and turned towards the stairs.  “I’m going to finish wading through the new shipment of books that arrived today.  Can you handle the front desk?”
“Oh I don’t know,” Shannon retorted as I hit the first landing, “We’re pretty swamped.  I think I saw old man Locksley peeking in the window a few minutes ago.  Of course, I doubt he was interested in checking out anything other than you.  I just don’t get it,” she called up the stairs “if I had your looks I wouldn’t be hiding them in some small time library in a nowhere Podunk town in Texas.”
I pretended not to hear as I topped the stairs.  
A few hours and multiple boxes of books later, I almost jumped out of my skin as Shannon, standing directly behind me, practically yelled my name.
“Sorry, I didn’t hear you,” I apologized as I set aside the book I’d been thumbing through and stood, stretching.
“Wow, you literally lose yourself in books, don’t you?” she said in amazement.  “You need to get a life.”
“Did you want something?” 
“It’s quitting time, Ms. Oblivious, and some of us do have a life outside the library.”
“You go ahead and I’ll lock up…I still have a few things I want to finish.”
“You lock up every night and besides, you never gave me a key,” Shannon reminded me.  “Are you sure you don’t want to come?”
“Thanks, but no thanks.”
I tried to stifle the involuntary shudder—remembering another nightclub and a different time—as I led the way back downstairs.  Apparently, I failed miserably. 
“You are one strange chick, Mary Smith,” Shannon murmured from behind me.  
“Don’t be late Monday morning…Ms. Blanchard will be bringing her classes in so they can start on their semester research papers and her first class will arrive at 8:15.”
“I’ll be here.”
“See you then.” 
Closing and locking the door behind her, I pulled down the shade and let out a sigh of relief.  Alone…finally…
Shannon was okay, but it had been obvious from the start that she drew no joy from her job as library assistant and was only there because it was the best paying job in town for a high school graduate with no desire to go to college.  She and a few of her former classmates had been popular in school—cheerleaders and homecoming queen nominees—but their grades left a lot to be desired and so they’d decided to work on their MRS degree instead of a college degree.
Every weekend found them in Dallas…man-hunting.
I would have much preferred to hire Dot or someone like her—someone that possessed a love of or at least an appreciation for books—but as much as Dot would have enjoyed the library, the pay wasn’t nearly as good as the tips she could rake in as a waitress.  She needed the money to pay for her online courses, as she couldn’t afford to attend college any other way.
Shannon, more concerned with her image than anything else, wouldn’t have been caught dead waiting tables.
I sighed heavily.
A knock on the door jerked me out of my meanderings.  Peering around the side of the window shade, I recognized Dot.
“Thanks for waiting for me,” Dot panted, out of breath from hurrying down the street.
“I don’t mind.  I have a lot to do tonight with the new shipment that just arrived this morning.”
“Is Shannon…?”
“Not here,” I reassured her.  
Shannon, as with a great many popular teens, leaned towards cruelty to anyone they considered ‘lesser beings’ and even though I’d made my displeasure obvious, she still couldn’t resist poking fun at Dot at every opportunity.  That, plus the fact that Dot’s shift lasted until five, had—early on in our acquaintance—prompted me to offer Dot the chance to check out and return books after Shannon clocked out in the evenings.
While I retrieved the book from my desk, Dot offered tentatively, “It’s kinda hard to believe that you were ever fat.”
“I dislike that word.  I was overweight but, more importantly, I was unhealthy because I was eating the wrong types of food.  My family was…wasn’t…we ate a lot of starchy and fatty foods.”
I couldn’t allow any details of my former life to get out…even to Dot.  It wouldn’t be safe for any of us.
“Yeah, that’s about all my mom could afford when I was growing up,” Dot said with a sigh.  “Meat was so expensive that we always ate a lot of pasta and now I’m hooked on carbs.”
“That’s very similar to what happened to me,” I admitted.
“Well, that explains why you’re so nice to everybody even though you’re drop-dead gorgeous.”
“I’m hardly that,” I contradicted.  “Your library card, please.”
 “You are, you know,” Dot continued as she handed over her card.  “I used to think that Shannon and her friends were beautiful, but compared to you…”
I scanned the barcode on it into the computer and handed the card back to her.
“And now you’re making my point from earlier for me.”
“What point?”
“That it’s what’s inside that counts…not outside.”
“But…”
“Shannon and her two friends all three look the same as they always did, but you don’t see it because they don’t treat you very well…all you see is their ugly behavior towards you and it makes them ugly to you.”
“Maybe,” she conceded.  “Still…that doesn’t mean you aren’t a lot prettier than they are.  I don’t understand why you’re not married…or at least have a boyfriend.” 
 “Men are a complication I can live without,” I said as I picked up the book to scan.
“Oh…I see…I…I…didn’t know…” Dot stammered.
“Didn’t know what?” I asked glancing up at her.
The look on Dot’s face stopped me in mid scan, perplexed by the obvious red-faced embarrassment.
“I didn’t know you were…you know…a lesbian,” she finished on a whisper.
I laughed…I couldn’t help it…and it actually felt good.  The last time I’d had such a good laugh…well…I couldn’t remember the last time.
“Sorry to disappoint you, Dot, but I’m not a lesbian…just uninterested in a relationship.  Men are nothing but trouble and hardly worth the effort…or the pain.”
“How can you say that?  All normal women want a husband…”
“I never said I was normal…simply that I wasn’t a lesbian.”
“But…”
“Look, Dot, I understand that you have dreams of the right man coming along and sweeping you off your feet, and I wish that for you, but we’re all different and don’t necessarily want the same things.  Our experiences shape us into who we are and mine have shaped me into a cynic as far as men are concerned.”
“What happened to you?”
“The details are unimportant,” I hedged as I finished with the book.  “I just want you to realize that not all men are nice and not every woman needs a man to validate her existence.”
Handing her the book, I said briskly, “There you go.  Let me know how you like this one so I know whether or not to recommend the Twisted Tails Series to others.”
“I will and…I’m sorry…about…about being nosey…and…and…everything…”
“You’re very sweet, Dot.  Enjoy the book.”
“Thanks.  See you Monday at lunch.”
After letting Dot out and locking up, I’d barely taken two steps when another knock sounded.  
Unlocking the door again, I flung it open, smiled, and asked, “Did you forget something?”
My smile abruptly died at the sight of the rather tall, perfectly proportioned blonde haired woman standing in front of me.
“I’m sorry,” the woman smiled revealing a mouth full of straight white teeth.  “Were you expecting someone?”
“Uh, no, I…I’d just let a customer out and I thought maybe she’d forgotten something,” I stammered, a bit intimidated by the gorgeous supermodel-perfect female in front of me.
Even in the casual jeans and dark blue sweater she wore, the woman had the ability to turn every pair of male eyes within a ten-block radius…possibly even a ten-mile radius.  She was what anyone in their right mind would call drop dead gorgeous…not me.
One peek at her and old man Locksley would turn positively apoplectic.
“Oh, yes, I noticed someone leaving as I drove up.” 
“We’re closed right now,” I offered in my best librarian tone, “but we open again on Monday at eight.”
“Actually, I teach self-defense classes and I was hoping to post one of these fliers in your window,” she held one out to me.  “I’m Ashley, by the way, Ashley McFey.  

Chapter 3
Ricky

“This one’s definitely on me,” Mark said pulling out his wallet and placing a twenty-dollar bill on the check.  “I appreciate your help.”
“No problem…easy money,” I said with a grin, rolling up the blueprint and stuffing it back into the cylinder.  “Your plans are always structurally sound and you know it, but I’m not above snagging a free meal for doing practically nothing.”
“Yeah, well, the one time I don’t consult an engineer before presenting it to a client will be the one time I design something that won’t even hold up against a slight breeze, much less a storm.”
“So how’s the freelancing thing working out for you?” I asked curiously before draining my coffee cup.  “Getting plenty of work?” 
“More than I can handle at times,” Mark admitted, leaning back in his chair.  “Word of mouth is a powerful thing.  Between that and finishing up our house, I’m swamped.  I really appreciate you helping me out as much as you have.  I’m thinking I owe you a lot more lunches.”
“What can I say…?  I love building things.  How close are you to being finished?”
“The tile should be finished by the end of the week then all that’s left is the carpet, which is scheduled for Monday.”
“I don’t know how you get it all done,” I said in admiration.  “Freelancing, house-building, making-out…you’ve sure got your hands full…sometimes literally.”
I chuckled at my own joke.
“Very funny…I’m just glad Shun doesn’t mind me using Ashley’s office at the gym or we wouldn’t have much time together.”
“No time to feel each other up,” I shook my head in mock sorrow.  “Now, that would be a crying shame.  It’s a good thing for you that your stepfather happens to be Shun’s best friend so you can get away with mooching.”
“I help out around the gym,” Mark protested.
“True,” I conceded.  “He’s getting your services as a crash dummy for free so I guess he can’t complain…at least not too much.” 
“Crash dummy…I like it.  I think I’ll use that one.”
“I’ll put it on your bill.”
“What bill?”
“I do have copyright on it, so you should pay me a fee every time you use it.”
“Maybe I’ll just try it out in class and see if it’s worth the money.  Speaking of which, are you sure you want to join one?”
“Why not?”
“The only class Ashley still has room is on Saturday night.”
“Okay.”
I hid my wince.
There goes my night of hockey.
“It’ll be mostly women.”
“And where’s the bad in that?”
“Pick-up artist isn’t exactly your style.  Now if it were Daniel…”
“Yeah, I know…right?  I was trying to tell Denise that, but she’s got this weird idea that Daniel and I are alike…probably why she kicked him to the curb…which I think was a lucky escape for him…still…Daniel’s the player…so I have no idea why she’d…”
“Ahhhh…”
“Ah…?”  I repeated suspiciously.  “Whaddya mean by ‘ah’?” 
“Did you know that Denise decided to join a class?”
“Yeah, I heard.  So…?”
“So…you two have a very interesting relationship.”
“I’m not…”
“Can I get you anything else, boys?” a husky female voice interrupted.
“How about a refill,” I suggested smiling amiably at the waitress as I pointed towards my empty coffee cup, “and you can keep the change,” I added as I inclined my head towards the check and the twenty-dollar bill lying on the table.
“Thanks, Sugar, and I’ll be right back with the pot.”
The dyed blonde reached over, exposing a huge amount of cleavage to the table at large, picked up the check and the twenty, winked at us, and then moved away swinging her hips a bit more than I thought necessary.
I shook my head and hid my grin.  
Could she be any more obvious?
“So,” Mark leaned forward, placing his forearms on the table, “You were about to deny that Denise had anything to do with your sudden urge to take one of Ashley’s classes.”
“Okay, fine…in a way, she does have something to do with it,” I admitted.  “Like I told her, it’s been a long time since I took lessons from Drew, and I’m kinda rusty.”
“I offered to give you some pointers.”
“I’ve seen how you give pointers,” I snorted.  “I’d like to stay in one piece…thank you very much.  I’m not looking for a black belt…just figured this would be a good chance to brush up a little.”
“You don’t want Denise to show you up,” Mark noted with a chuckle.
“She’s a girl…as well as the most annoying sister on the planet.  As soon as she learns something that she thinks I don’t know, she’ll bug me until we go at it.”
“And how old are you again…?” Mark teased.
“Older than you, so watch your mouth you young whippersnapper,” I warned good-naturedly.  “You should respect your elders.”
“So, tell me, why would Denise want to goad you into a match?” 
“Um…no reason…”
Mark eyed me skeptically.
“Uh huh…”
“Okay, fine…maybe I used a few moves Drew taught me to…you know…get her off my case once or twice when we were younger…”
“What did you do to her?”
“Let’s just say that I gave new meaning to the phrase ‘flipping her off,” I chuckled, remembering.  “She was always following me around so I put her on the ground a couple of times.”
“I’m thinking your parents weren’t too happy about that.”
“Funny thing about Denise…she’d tell on me quicker ‘n scat if I was doing something wrong, but she never tattled when I did something to her.”
“She’s probably been storing it all up, and now it’s payback time.”
“Yeah, and I can tell you, that’s not happening.  I mean, how would you like to be laid out by a girl?”
“Happens to me on a regular basis; it’s not so bad.  You get used to it after a while.”
“Ashley beats you?  I mean, I’ve watched her and I know she’s good, but…”
“We’re pretty evenly matched, so on any given day it could go either way.  I’m stronger, but she’s more agile.  Plus, she’s learned all my old tricks, so I’m constantly having to come up with new ones.  What can I say?  It keeps life interesting.”
“Here’s your coffee, sweetie pie, sorry it took so long…had to brew a fresh pot,” the waitress informed us filling my cup and glancing at Mark, enquiring, “Sure I can’t get you anything, doll?”
“No thanks…I’m good.”
“I’ll just take your empties then,” she said on a sigh as she slowly cleared the table.  “Let me know if you change your mind.”
“You’re breaking her heart, Mark,” I said once we were alone again.
“Ashley…?” he asked in alarm.  “What are you talking about?  Has she said something to you?  Why would she say something to you?”
“The waitress, you blind idiot.  She must have a thing for tall goofy blondes because she’s been hitting on you since we walked in the door.”
“Oh,” Mark breathed a sigh of relief, “good.”
“Good…?” I raised my eyebrows.  “You want strange woman jumping your bones?”
“You know what I meant; I was talking about Ashley.”
“Yeah, I know; you’re always talking about Ashley.”
“Am I that bad?”
“You are, but I don’t mind…usually.  You gotta love the irony, though.  Big tough cynical kung fu guy turning into mush over a girl.  Who would have thunk it?”
“Mush isn’t so bad.  You should try it some time.” 
“Who knows…maybe one of these days I will.  Maybe I’ll find somebody that makes me psychotic, just like Ashley makes you.”
“You can dream,” Mark teased.
“Yeah,” I muttered , blowing on my coffee, “Not likely.”
“You never talk about that girl…the one that broke off your engagement.  You mentioned her in passing a couple of times, but…”
“She didn’t make me psychotic, but I’m pretty sure, looking back, that she was psychotic.”
“Seriously…?”
“I’ve never told anybody this before, but I joined the Peace Corps to get away from her.”
“Why would you let people think she broke up with you?”
“Her pride, my laziness…doesn’t matter.  Technically, I guess she was the one to break it off.  I drifted along with whatever she wanted to do for months until I just couldn’t do it anymore, but didn’t have the guts to face her so I joined up and she kicked me to the curb.”
“You knew she would and you were counting on it.”
“Yeah, I kinda figured she’d oblige me.  I mean, don’t get me wrong…the girl was hot, but she was out for her MRS degree and wanted a nine to five kind of husband who could make enough to support her and her two point five kids.  She literally hated it when I gave to charity or volunteered for anything so I figured that was the best way to tell her I was done.”
“Is she the reason you don’t date much?”
“Much…?”
“Okay…at all,” Mark conceded.
“It’s too much trouble.  Women are too much trouble—all control freakish—with the fighting and the nagging.  I like my life without complications.”
“But you notice them,” Mark pointed out.  “Like the waitress…how did you know…?”
“There are two things I rock at because they’re the only two things that matter to me…engineering and reading women…and there is a heck of a lot of common ground between the two of them.”
 “Why would you work so hard to understand women, if you don’t want to date them?”  
“So I can avoid dating them,” I explained.  “Tammy, my ex, got me in her sights before I even knew what hit me.  Then she kept me there, and I let her because it seemed like the line of least resistance.  After I joined the Peace Corps, I got to thinkin’ about it and I decided that dealing with women is a lot like working with water.  You don’t ever control either one of them, but with a bit of understanding and preplanning you can direct both of them.  With water, you either dam it up or divert it in the direction you want it to go.  Sometimes, when the water’s too persistent, building a dam’s the only way to stop it, but I think that in most cases predicting how the water will flow and digging a trench or two to redirect ahead of time as a precaution is much simpler and more effective.”
“So you figure out what a woman wants and keep her at a distance by digging trenches or in extreme cases by building a dam.  You know, it sounds good in theory, but one of these days, it may come a flash flood.  What will you do then?”
“Head for the hills or the nearest skyscraper…whichever is closest.”

Chapter 4
Mary

How in the world did I get myself into this, I wondered in alarm as I watched Ashley flip a man a head taller than her onto the mat.
Readjusting my first impression, I decided that the woman definitely wasn’t a supermodel, she was Rambo…with boobs.
“It’s alright, ladies, no fiancés were hurt in the execution of this move,” Ashley offered with obvious humor as she took in my look of horror, which I was fairly certain must be mirrored on almost every one of my fellow students’ faces.
Her tall, lithe, and extremely good-looking blonde victim laughed good-naturedly as he took Ashley’s proffered hand and allowed her to help him up off the mat.
“At least, not much,” her victim said tenderly rubbing his backside.
“Ladies…?” a mock offended male voice offered from behind me.  “What are we…chopped liver?”
There was a humorous chorus of “Yeah’s” from the few men scattered around the room.
“Chopped liver would be an improvement,” a female voice muttered also from somewhere behind me and, best I could tell, originated in the same general area as the first male comment.  Then, in a louder tone the female voice asked, “Do I get to flip Ricky like that, Mark?”
“I think I’ll let Ashley field that one, Denise,” Mark said with a grin.  “According to Ricky, I’m just here as the crash dummy.”
“Hey, if Denise gets to flip me then I think it only fair that I’m allowed to return the favor,” the cheerful male voice, obviously the Ricky in question, objected amiably.  “And don’t think giving me credit for that phrase is going to get you out of paying me a royalty, Mark.”
Mark chuckled.
“You’re such a butthead,” Denise muttered under her breath.
“Aw Sis, I didn’t know you cared,” Ricky replied in amusement.
I could almost feel Denise sticking her tongue out at the man who was obviously her brother.  It was interesting that even though they seemed to hate each other, I could hear the underlying affection that I suspected each of them would vehemently deny.
Although it was difficult, I resisted the urge to turn around and gawk at the two bantering at the back of the room.  I had to admit, they were rather amusing. 
Most of the other students had arrived after I had—no surprise there as I was almost anal about promptness—and I had no idea how many people were behind me, but it sounded as if we had a packed house.
Feeling that it would be rude to turn and stare at every one who put in an appearance, I studiously kept my eyes forward after Ashley positioned me.  
It was a toss-up for me as to which was worse, arriving late and inevitably becoming the cynosure of all eyes as I stumbled over an apology, or arriving early and invariably being placed at the front of the room, but my hatred of tardiness had won out as usual.
Either way, I felt self-conscious and conspicuous…and that made me cringe.  More than anything else, I hated those feelings.  Leftovers from my chubby childhood, but I couldn’t seem to shake them.
Children were notoriously cruel, and I had been the butt of too many horrid jokes, practical as well as verbal, to ever truly forget how those things had made me feel.  Sadly, I continued to allow those things to control me.
I’d hoped that adulthood would be better, that I would finally be able to develop some vestige of self-esteem, but thanks to Duncan…
Resolutely, I shoved my depressing thoughts to the back of my mind.  As usual, I would take them out later and replay them over and over again when I was in full self-pity mode…which was all too frequently.
Determinedly, I returned my attention to Ashley and my very first self-defense lesson.
An hour and a half later, I opened the locker in the girls’ dressing room that I’d been assigned for the night, and pulled out my jacket and purse.
“Hi,” a short cute redhead offered from the locker next to me.  “I’m Rachel.”
Up close, the woman looked to be in her thirties and quite a few years older than I was which surprised me.  At first glance, the woman had appeared much younger.
“Hi Rachel,” I replied with a polite smile.  “I’m Mary.”
“Nice to meet you, Mary,” she said returning the smile and holding out her hand.
Shifting my jacket and purse from my right hand, I briefly shook hers. 
“Ouch!” I exclaimed as a woman bumped into me from behind pushing me into my locker.
“Sorry,” the clumsy woman mumbled before heading straight for the door.
“Are you okay, Mary?” Rachel asked in concern.
“I’m fine,” I straightened slowly massaging my forehead with my free hand.  “Ironic,” I snorted, “thanks to Ashley I now know how to slide out of a rear strangle-hold, but not how to escape a klutz.”
Rachel laughed and asked, “What did you think about tonight?”
“It was…enlightening,” I said choosing my words carefully.  “A lot of what she showed us was the exact opposite of what my instincts tell me to do.”
“I’ll say.  I enjoyed it all immensely, though.  It’s like a whole new world to me.”
“Well, I wouldn’t go straight to enjoy.”  
“Having gotten to know the two of them fairly well over the past few months, I have to admit, my favorite part was watching Ashley toss Mark around like he was an old rag doll.  It’s rather empowering to watch her at work.  I’m glad I didn’t let my husband talk me out of coming.” 
“Doesn’t your husband want you to learn how to defend yourself?” I asked curiously in spite of my determination to remain aloof.
“He’s rather old-fashioned and thinks it’s his job to protect me from…well…I’d say just about everything,” she made a face of half amusement and half exasperation.  “Now that I’m pregnant, he’s beyond all hope I’m afraid.”
“Oh, you’re pregnant,” I said in surprise.  “You’re so tiny.”
“I’m only a month along…we just found out a few days ago.”
“Is he happy about it?”
“Christopher is over the moon…it’s his first.”
“His first…?” I repeated in confusion.
“I had twins, but they and my first husband were killed in a car accident.  This is my second marriage.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.”
“Thank you.  I had a hard time with it, but then I met Christopher.  I love him dearly and couldn’t imagine my life without him, but his over-protective attitude can be trying at times.”
“Well, he obviously changed his mind about you coming,” I pointed out.  “You’re here.”
“But not alone.  He insisted on coming with me, and then he bullied Ashley into letting him join the class just so he could be my sparring partner.  If he weren’t a psychiatrist, I’d suggest he have his head examined,” she finished with a soft laugh.
“Oh, he’s a psychiatrist?” I repeated, suddenly anxious to get away from the woman.
I had no desire to meet a shrink.  He’d probably be able to read every single dysfunctional part of me at a glance…no dissection required.
“We both are.”
Involuntarily, my eyes widened and my mouth opened in surprise.
“I get that reaction a lot.  I used to wait at least a day or two before admitting that to a new acquaintance, but since we’ll only see each other once a week, I thought I should go ahead and rip off the bandage immediately.”
“I see,” I replied, unsure what to say.
“Don’t worry…I don’t go around analyzing people.  Anyway, it was good to meet you.  Hope to see you next Saturday.”
“Nice meeting you, too.”
Rachel left quickly, as if she realized she’d overstayed her welcome.  
Glancing around, I noticed the locker room was empty.  Sighing in relief, I made my way slowly to the exit.
Pulling the locker room door open, I stepped into the darkened hallway and was instantaneously blindsided by someone obviously not paying attention to merging hallway traffic.  My jacket and purse flew out of my hands in the ensuing chaos.  
Catching a glimpse of the culprit just before she turned the corner towards the gym, I noticed in surprise the same woman who had slammed me into the lockers earlier.
“What is your problem?” I muttered as I stooped to pick up the things that had spilled from my purse.
“I’m so sorry, Mary,” Ashley quickly dropped to her knees beside me and tried to corral a few of my recalcitrant items.  “I don’t know what that woman was thinking, running over you like that.  Did she hurt you?”
“I’m okay,” I said reaching out to nab my lipstick before it rolled back under the locker room door.
“I’m so happy you came…I wasn’t sure you would,” she admitted as she handed me my cell phone and key ring.
“Oh, well…I…um…” I stammered as I reached over and retrieved my ink pen and hairbrush before standing, “I thought about what you said last night while you were putting up your flier—about a woman alone being able to defend herself—and I decided I wanted to be able to do that.”
“I’m glad.  I sometimes do private lessons, if you’re interested…”
“I don’t really have time,” I broke in, “but thanks.”
“No problem…just thought I’d offer.”
“I appreciate that, but I’m good.”
“So…we’ll see you next week…?”
“Um…it depends, but…uh…probably…”
“Great!  Fresco said you did very well tonight.”
“He said…?” I asked in disbelief.
“He has been known to speak a word or two…in an emergency.”
“Not the most verbose person on the planet, is he?”
“No,” Ashley agreed, “but he’s forgotten more than most people ever knew about hand to hand and he can get his point across when it’s important.  Did you have any trouble communicating with him?”
“We did okay.”
“I could give you a different partner if you’d prefer,” Ashley persisted.  “The numbers were uneven what with Dr. Krohl insisting at the last minute on being Rachel’s partner, so Fresco had to partner somebody, but I want you to feel comfortable, so just let me know…”
“Fresco’s fine,” I interrupted.
Actually, although I’d rather not be forced to admit it because then I’d probably have to explain why, I liked having the huge, silent man as a partner.  Unlike a lot of other people, he wasn’t concerned with small talk or getting to know me.  We were there for one reason and one reason only, and somehow it made me feel more comfortable and secure.
As far as he was concerned, my secrets were my own.  I appreciated that about him.
Of course, it had taken me a while to feel at ease with his rather large hands touching me, but by the end of the lesson, I’d managed to relax a little.  He had been totally impersonal and professional, and after a bit, it had begun to feel less like an invasion.
“I’ll stick with Fresco,” I said quietly.
“Sounds good; well, I guess I’ll see you next week.  Have a good night.”
“You, too.”
Finally!
I breathed a silent sigh of relief as I stood on the sidewalk outside the gym.  Determinedly, I headed for the parking lot.  
Now, if I can just make it to my car…
“Hey, wait up!” a familiar voice stopped me five feet from my goal…so close my finger had already searched out the unlock button on my keyless entry remote.
“Just what I need,” I muttered under my breath before plastering a polite smile on my face and turning to greet the class clown… the guy named Ricky.
There was no doubt in my mind what he wanted.  I fervently wished I hadn’t noticed him watching me for most of the class.  
After we’d split up into partners, I’d tried to avoid eye contact with any of my fellow students, but every time I looked up I found Ricky’s eyes on me.  It had been disconcerting to say the least.  
My first reaction had been to run a check on all of the most embarrassing body parts to make sure I didn’t have snot running out of my nose, a booger hanging from the end of it, or inconvenient spotting from an unscheduled menstrual cycle.
Once I’d assured myself that no bodily fluids had made an impromptu appearance—we were all sweating so that didn’t count—I surreptitiously did a clothing check.
Everything seemed to be exactly where it should be.
After that, I began to worry that maybe my gray sweat bottoms and white t-shirt made me look too fat.
At that point, I firmly called a halt to my runaway thoughts.
Why does it matter?
I hadn’t allowed myself to care in the past—had taught myself not to, ignoring the small voice deep inside of me that still refused to believe it—and I had no intention of allowing myself to care anytime in the near or distant future, either.
After the first couple of times our eyes met, I’d desperately tried to keep mine focused on Fresco, but the silly things seemed determined to wander back to the class clown.
The mischievous grin, the adorable dimples, those warm, brown eyes, and that dark brown spiky hair, on top of the hilarious running commentary he couldn’t seem to keep to himself…they were like magnets drawing my attention despite my best efforts.
In fact, Ricky had most everyone’s attention.  His enthusiasm seemed to rub off on the whole class, and he’d been surprisingly helpful to one of the other women when she’d become discouraged.
The woman—I’d heard Ashley call her Rita—kept frantically trying to escape her partner’s hold, but felt so frustrated I could see she wanted to quit.  Ashley moved towards the woman, but before she could get there, Ricky had unobtrusively switched places with Rita’s partner and then, while he had Rita in a rear-stranglehold, occasionally murmured in her ear, all the while keeping up his verbal ‘battle of the siblings’ with his sister, Denise.
Although no one else probably noticed what Ricky was doing, I thought it was sweet of him to try to draw attention away from the woman that needed extra help by constantly teasing his sister.  Surprisingly, Denise continued the bantering and I began to suspect she knew exactly what was going on and had decided to help him.
The siblings certainly had an unusual bond.
Concentrating on the man approaching me, I asked in what my assistant had dubbed my stern, no-nonsense librarian voice, “Is there something I can help you with?” 
Coming to a stop directly in front of me, Ricky asked, “You’re Mary, right?”
“Yes,” I replied curtly, fixing my gaze on a spot over Ricky’s shoulder.
“I’m Ricky…I noticed you in class.”
“Nice to meet you,” I said woodenly.
“This fell out of your purse when that woman ran over you in the hall.  You and Ashley must have missed it.”
I glanced down and saw my small pepper spray can lying in the palm of his outstretched hand.
“Oh,” I said, deflated though trying desperately not to show it, “thanks.”
Carefully avoiding any physical contact, I retrieved the small can, fighting the disappointment I couldn’t seem to stifle no matter how hard I tried.  
I’d been expecting him to ask me out, but instead he was handing me pepper spray.  What a let down…
Not that I’m interested in him… 
Liar…
Why am I doing this to myself?  
Stupid, stupid, stupid…
I’d spent almost two years convincing myself that I could totally ignore the male population, and I’d mistakenly thought I’d been doing well, but apparently it hadn’t taken.
I’m pathetic.
No argument here.
No wonder I’d noticed him watching me during class.  Apparently, I hadn’t been able to take my eyes off him, either.
Once I’d gotten a good look at Ricky, my body had refused to cooperate with my head’s plan to disregard the whole male population.  I talked a big game but when it came right down to it, I was just a silly little female falling for the first pretty face that came along.
As my eyes involuntarily met Ricky’s incredibly sexy ones in the bright lights of the parking lot, my breathing sped up, my pulse raced, and I could feel the butterflies multiplying in my stomach at an alarming rate.
Stop it stop it stop it…
Almost two years and no man had breached my defenses, but apparently, all it took was an hour and a half for all of that to fall apart.  I had to nip it in the bud, immediately…for my own sanity.  I adamantly refused to be a pushover again.
“I also wanted to…” Ricky began hesitantly.
“Yes,” I prompted breathlessly in spite of my resolve to remain unaffected.
“I wanted to make sure ‘gorilla-man’ wasn’t going to chase you off.”
Ricky shot me a lopsided grin.  Even one of those dimples was too powerful for me and I could feel myself melting under his gaze.
“Um…no…not at all,” I stammered.  “Fresco was actually a great partner.”
“Good,” Ricky said smiling widely in satisfaction.  
Oh no, now it’s both dimples.  Don’t look…don’t look…don’t look…you looked!
“I hadn’t met him before so I asked Mark about him afterwards,” Ricky continued as I forced myself to once more find a spot over his shoulder on which to concentrate.  “Anyway, he said you’d learn more from Fresco than anybody else in the room except the shrink…and Mark or Ashley, of course, but that goes without saying.”
“The shrink…?  Who in their right mind would think a psychiatrist would be a good instructor in a self-defense class?”
“Nice one,” Ricky laughed appreciatively. 
“What…?” 
“I guess the shrink could teach you to psychoanalyze your attacker to death, but as you pointed out, if you were in your right mind, you wouldn’t want a psychiatrist for a self-defense instructor so death by psychoanalysis would be out.  It’s quite the conundrum…”
It took a few seconds before it dawned on me what I’d said.  I was thankful for the shadows that hid my red face.
“But I didn’t mean…” I began.
“I know,” Ricky chuckled.  “That’s what makes it so funny.  Anyway,” he continued, “believe it or not, Doc Shrink’s got mad skills, but Mark said he was only there to make sure his pregnant wife didn’t get hurt.  I’ve seen him and Mark go at it and…well…I wouldn’t want to get on his bad side.  He’s almost as scary as Jake.”
“Jake…?”
“Oh…um…Jake is…he’s a friend of ours.”
“You seem to know Mark and Ashley well…?”
“We have a lot of family ties.  Anyway, you looked so…tiny…compared to that Fresco guy and I just wanted to make sure you felt safe.”
“I’m fine, but thanks.” 
“Sure thing…wouldn’t want anybody to keep you from coming back.”
“Well, Fresco certainly won’t,” I hedged.
I couldn’t guarantee that Ricky or the shrinks wouldn’t, but I could hardly say that.
I’ll be fine next Saturday, as long as I can keep from gawking at Ricky and avoid the kung fu shrink and his pregnant shrink wife.  One shrink is bad enough…but two…
I shuddered.
“I’m sorry,” Ricky said contritely noticing the tremor and misinterpreting it.  “It’s the middle of February and here I am keeping you out in the cold.  I guess I’ll see you next Saturday.”
Ricky turned and headed back towards the building. 
At first, I remained frozen to the spot staring after him.  I’d been so sure he planned to ask me out or…something, but apparently he’d only been watching me because of the ridiculous picture Fresco and I made.  Fresco, at least six feet tall and built suspiciously along the lines of a Mack truck, wrapping his hugely muscled arm around my neck from behind as my five foot four, hundred-and-ten-pound frame tried to dislodge it must have seemed comical.
Forcing myself to turn away from the best-looking guy I’d seen in…well…ever seen come to think of it, as he moved out of the brightness of the parking lot lights, my key ring slid from my frozen fingers.  
As the keys hit the ground, a sudden realization hit me: something that had been nagging at me since I left the locker room…something that had slipped my mind with all of the distractions of the evening…something that made no sense whatsoever…and something that frightened the life out of me.
My keys had never been in my purse.  
The key ring—the one thing I refused to part with no matter what the circumstances, my one lifeline in case of emergency—had been safely zipped into the pocket of my sweat pants before class.
I’d been so distracted by the events of the evening, I hadn’t even thought about my keys.
Quickly, I checked my pocket…still safely zipped…
I unzipped it and checked for holes…no holes…
Then how had my keys fallen onto the floor?
Bending over and picking up the ring, I located and pushed the unlock button on the remote then carefully examined the inside of my car in the dim interior lighting.
Nothing…
Hitting another button on the remote, I popped the trunk.  Cautiously peering into the dark yawning hole—ready for something to jump out at me—again, I found nothing.
“Stop being paranoid, you idiot,” I mumbled, “there’s nothing there.”  
But, deep down, I knew it was more than paranoia.  The unthinkable had finally happened…the one thing that terrified me more than anything else possibly could…the one thing I knew I wouldn’t be able to handle no matter how many self-defense courses I took…the one thing that I would never survive…  
Duncan had found me. 

Chapter 5
Ricky

Right before I reached the gym door, I glanced back to see why Mary hadn’t started her car yet.  For some odd reason she was peering into her trunk as if expecting a snake to spring out and bite her.
Curious…
Standing there watching her, I debated returning to the parking lot and just asking her what she could possibly think was in her trunk, but decided against it.  Her whole attitude had practically screamed ‘Go away!’ and there had been no stuttering involved.  I could do without that type of rejection.  I wasn’t a masochist.
Sure, she had the prettiest eyes and softest pink lips I’d ever seen and I hadn’t been able to think of much else during the whole class—good thing Drew had already shown me all the stuff Ashley had us doing—but she obviously wasn’t interested in me.
My staring had probably totally freaked her out, and even though I knew I shouldn’t, I couldn’t seem to keep my eyes off her no matter how hard I’d tried…a brand new and extremely uncomfortable experience for me.
It wasn’t that Mary was the best looking girl I’d ever met, my ex-fiancée Tammy had been more classically beautiful, but there was something about her…
Even make-up-less, with her sandy brown hair pulled up into a ponytail, and wearing sweats and a t-shirt that practically swallowed her, I couldn’t seem to look away.
She had a delicate and fragile air about her that made me want to run over and put myself between her and Fresco’s huge hands, but of course I couldn’t…Mary would have thought I was nuts and I’d never have a chance with her after that.
And, unbelievably, first the first time in my life, I wanted a chance with a woman.
After the session, I’d lurked in the hallway outside the girls’ locker room waiting for Mary to come out so I could strike up a casual conversation.  Before I could, the scary looking woman with the creepy eyes Ashley had called ‘Tab’—which I’d thought an odd name—had all but knocked Mary down and, right after that, Ashley had magically shown up to help.
Luckily, the pepper spray had escaped and rolled back into the locker room.  That gave me the ‘in’ I’d been looking for, and I’d grabbed it…literally.
However, Mary’s obvious lack of interest had dampened my enthusiasm and, in the end, I’d just lamely handed her the mace and left her standing in the well-lit parking lot all alone instead of asking her out as I’d so badly wanted to do.
Standing in the shadow of the awning over the entrance to the gym, the inside lights already switched off, I watched helplessly in frustration as Mary finally got into her car and drove away.  
As the taillights of her dark blue compact rounded the corner and disappeared from view, I turned to enter the gym, but movement in a different section of the parking lot caught my eye, stopping me in my tracks.
Another vehicle slowly pulled onto the street, turning in the same direction Mary had taken.  That alone normally wouldn’t have bothered me, but the fact that the driver hadn’t turned on the headlights bothered me a lot.
Even that might have been okay—the parking lot was admittedly pretty darn bright and people constantly forgot to turn on their lights—but for three things.  First, the vehicle, a late model black SUV with darkly tinted windows, couldn’t have passed a turtle or even a snail it was moving so slowly, second, the SUV took the exact same route as my new acquaintance and third, the driver drove out of the well-lit parking lot and onto the dark street still without turning on the headlights.
Weird…
As I stood there gaping after the disappearing vehicle, wondering whether I should go after Mary, Mark quietly joined me under the awning.
“What’s up, Ricky?”
“I think somebody’s following one of the girls from class,” I said snapping out of my indecision and digging my hand into my pocket for my keys.
“What makes you think that?”
“I’ll explain later,” I said as I took a step towards the parking lot.  “I have to…”
“Ricky,” Mark said grasping my arm tightly, “that’s not smart.”
“I just want to…”
“If someone is following her, we should call 911 and let the police handle it.”
“I have my cell phone,” I said attempting to pull away from him.  “I’ll call if it looks like trouble.  I have to go…”
“Ricky, wait…we need to talk.”
“Now…?  But I’ll lose her.  She’s already gotten a huge head start…”
“Mary is fine, Ricky.” 
“How did you know I was talking about Mary?”
“I assumed it was since Fresco is following her to make sure she gets home okay.”
“Fresco…?” I repeated in bewilderment. “Why?  Is she in some kind of trouble?”
“She’s got a long drive home and Ashley was worried about her.  Since Ashley’s the one who convinced Mary to come, she feels responsible for her.” 
“But why Fresco?”
“He was Mary’s partner so maybe he feels responsible for her,” Mark hedged.  “What were you two talking about out in the parking lot?”
 “Nothing much,” I said eyeing Mark suspiciously.  “She dropped her pepper spray when another girl from the class about flattened her, so I returned it to her.”
“You were in the hallway.”
“Yep…so what’s going on?”
“I…uh…what makes you think something’s going on?”
“Wanna try that again?  And this time try to sound a bit more convincing.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re a lousy liar, Mark.”
“I’m not lying to you.”
“Really…?” I raised an eyebrow.
“Everything I’ve said is true.”
“Okay, then your evasion technique stinks,” I substituted, “because it’s fairly obvious that you don’t want me following Mary, but don’t plan to tell me why.”
“Why would you want to follow her anyway?  You avoid women…”
“I don’t avoid people in trouble.”
“Mary’s fine.”
“So you say, but you won’t tell me how you know or why Fresco is following her.”
“Just drop it, Ricky.”
“Give me a good reason to drop it.”
“She lives about an hour out of town so she’ll be driving home alone at night on an interstate…besides, Ashley likes her.”
“Oh well, that makes all kinds of sense.  Try again.”
“I can’t…you’re just going to have to trust me.”
“Mark…”
“Seriously, Ricky, you have to drop this,” Mark said in quiet desperation.  “Please…I wouldn’t ask…”
“…if it weren’t important,” I finished for him.  
Because Mark had kept me talking too long, and I’d moronically allowed it, I knew I had no hope of catching Mary.  Since I had no idea where she lived, I had no option left and Mark knew it…had been counting on it.  
I was ticked.
“If anything happens to her…”
“It won’t,” Mark quickly assured me.
“Fine…I’ll get my bag and head home.”
“See you at Church in the morning…?”
“Yeah…sure…”
   
Chapter 6
Mary

All the way home, I kept telling myself not to freak out—it was just my wild and vivid imagination—but I knew better.  Something had happened.
I could barely concentrate on the road as I left Dallas behind heading east on I30 towards Rockpointe—the small town I’d considered my safe haven for almost two years—wondering what I should do.  Questions swirled around and around in my head and I couldn’t stop them any more than I could stop the tremors rolling through my body…tremors that had nothing whatsoever to do with the cold.
Should I go home and act as if nothing had happened?  Should I assume Duncan had found me and keep driving?  Should I call the police?
In the end, would any of it really matter?
It wasn’t like I had another identity I could ‘borrow.’  I’d already used up my quota.  Whether I reverted to my real name or continued using Mary Smith, it would amount to the same thing.  If Duncan had discovered my hideout, he’d already know about my new identity.  Finding me would be a cakewalk armed with that knowledge.
I guess I could use my pseudonym, Chrystal Bahl, I thought wryly as I desperately tried to control the panic I could feel growing steadily inside of me, but that’s probably how he found me in the first place.
Cursing the compulsion I couldn’t seem to control, I realized that self-recrimination was a study in futility.  I had to write.  Writing had kept me sane the past two years when nothing else could have.
But of course, I hadn’t stopped there.  I’d felt the need to publish my novels.
I’d mistakenly thought that self-publishing would protect my anonymity.  Even the copyright information hadn’t been made available to the public.
Never in my wildest dreams would I have guessed that Duncan would have thought to search self-published authors to find me.  After that, it would have been relatively simple for him to recognize my writing style even though I’d completely switched genres.  
Still, I couldn’t imagine how he’d found out where I lived.  I’d been so careful to leave no information trails…or so I thought.
By the time I’d reached the outskirts of Rockpointe, population a whopping seven thousand people give or take, I’d calmed down a bit.
No way could I just up and disappear…not without some type of explanation.  Unlike New York, where nobody had actually missed me when I’d been forced to leave without telling anyone, Rockpointe residents would notice my absence and wonder about it…and file a missing persons report.
I couldn’t afford for that to happen.
As soon as I pulled onto the normally quiet street where I lived in my two-bedroom, one-bath, cozy little frame house, I couldn’t even summon any surprise at the squad car sitting in front of it with lights flashing.  
Of course, the whole neighborhood had turned out, standing around on the street talking and gesticulating excitedly towards my house.
For a moment, I sat at the four-way stop two blocks away, debate raging in my head.  
Do I stay?  Do I go?  Stay…go…stay…go…
What if it’s not what it looks like and has nothing to do with Duncan?
What if it is exactly what it looks like and has everything to do with Duncan?
Realizing I had to know one way or the other, I moved through the intersection.  Pulling up to my house and parking behind the squad car, I reluctantly slid out of the driver’s seat just as a man walked out my front door.
For a moment, I froze.  Then, panicked beyond belief, I turned back towards my car and fumbled for the door handle.  I had to get out of there…immediately.
“Mary,” a shaky old voice addressed me from behind, “some man broke into your house so I called the police.”
“Mrs. Bell,” I replied, turning towards her as calmly as I could, desperately wanting to give in to my flight instinct but unable to treat my kind, frail neighbor with such disregard, “are you alright?  Did the man see you watching him?”
“No dear,” she assured me.  “I’m very sneaky, you know.”
“Mrs. Bell,” a deep male voice said from behind me…a deep unfamiliar voice, “I don’t have anymore questions for you at this time.  You may return to your home, now.  If you think of anything else, please give the station a call.”
“Of course, Officer,” Ms. Bell said grinning broadly showing off the new dentures she’d recently acquired.  “Nice to meet you.  And remember what I said about that pot roast.  I’ll expect to hear from you…soon.”
“Yes, ma’am,” the officer replied as Mrs. Bell winked at him and turned towards her house.  “Are you Ms. Smith…the owner…?”
Slowly facing the police officer I’d seen coming out of my house, I forced myself to meet his eyes.  Even though the dim streetlamp two houses away gave off very little light, I could see well enough to realize that, although he resembled Duncan at first glance in coloring and height, the similarities between them thankfully stopped there.
The man in front of me had mounds of muscle and a firm jaw line.
Obviously, he wasn’t Duncan.
A quiet sigh of relief escaped me.
“I’m Mary Smith,” I acknowledged.  “What’s going on?”
“I’m Officer Lancet, ma’am,” he said reaching out to shake my hand.  
Allowing him to grasp my cold small hand in his large warm one for only a split second, I quickly pulled free.  The fact that he looked a bit like Duncan totally freaked me out.
“Mrs. Bell reported a possible break-in approximately twenty minutes ago.  My partner and I responded and found the front door unlocked, but no intruder and no sign of forced entry.”
“I see,” I said shakily.  “So you don’t know who it was?”
“No ma’am, we don’t.  Do you?”
“I…um…I…don’t think so…” I stammered, caught off guard by the pointed question.
“No enemies…old boyfriends…anyone who might be carrying a grudge against you for some reason…?”
“I’m an old maid librarian,” I said attempting to sound surprised at his line of enquiry.  “None of those things could possibly apply to me.”
“Hardly an old maid, Ms. Smith,” the officer protested.  “You’re young and attractive…”
“Perhaps it was a simple burglary.” 
“But that wouldn’t explain how the intruder managed to get inside the house without any signs of forced entry,” he contradicted.  “Have you given anyone your house key?”
“Officer Lancet,” I said in my sternest schoolmarm-ish voice, “I live alone and I can assure you that I have never given my house key to anyone.”
“From a professional standpoint, I have to admit that’s perplexing,” Officer Lancet frowned then grinned, “but from a personal standpoint, I’m relieved to hear it.”
“What…?”
“I probably shouldn’t mention this,” he whispered conspiratorially, “but I suspect Mrs. Bell is trying to do a bit of matchmaking.  I’m new in town, and she invited me to a meal and, if I remember correctly, I believe she mentioned something about inviting her neighbor.”
“Oh.”
My brain simply shut off and I had no idea what else to say.  The idea of dating at all was terrifying, but the idea of dating a Duncan look-a-like was terrifying and horrifying at the same time.
“I seem to have rendered you speechless.”
“Officer Lancet…”
“My friends call me Lance.”
“Officer Lancet…” I repeated firmly.
“Uh oh, I think I’m in trouble.”
“What did you do now, Lance?” a different male voice asked in amusement from behind me.
“Ms. Smith, this is my partner, Officer Stevens.”
“Officer Stevens,” I turned and acknowledged him before continuing, “I’m cold and tired and haven’t eaten anything since lunch, so if there are no more questions…”
“We’re good for now,” Officer Lancet said switching to a more professional tone.  “Do you have a number where you can be reached in case we have more questions?”
Seeing my eyes narrow, he held up his hands in surrender.
“Purely for police business,” he said as he crossed his heart, “you have my word.”
Eyeing him suspiciously, I gave him my cell number.  I couldn’t put my finger on what bothered me about him, but he seemed too smooth and practiced for my taste.  Although I couldn’t deny his obvious attractions—his body had absolutely no flaws from his lean hips all the way up past his broadly muscled chest to his patrician nose—he held no appeal for me.
In my mind, Ricky, though not quite as overtly muscled or as tall as Officer Lancet, had him totally beat in every way.
Stop obsessing about Ricky.
“If you think of anything else, Ms. Smith, give the station a call,” Stevens said as he shook my hand.  “Just leave a message if we’re out and we’ll get right back to you.”
“Unless it’s an emergency,” Lancet added.  “We’ll give the operators a heads up in case anything else happens and you have to call 911.”
“Thanks..”
“We’ll have patrol cars swing by here more often than usual this week,” Lancet said as the two moved towards their vehicle.  “Hope your night improves.”
“Could hardly get worse,” I muttered as I let myself into my house, but I knew it could and that scared me silly.
Then, as I shut and locked the door, a thought occurred to me that scared me even sillier.
Why hadn’t the police officers asked me to check and see what—if anything—was missing?

Chapter 7
Ricky

Sitting in church on Sunday morning, I felt guilty about what I’d done and what I planned to do, but I had no intention of letting that stop me.
Searching out Mark and Ashley, I sat with them through the service and then afterwards asked if I could borrow the keys to the gym, feeding them a story about how I’d gotten home the previous night without my wallet.
The part about my wallet was true, but what I felt guilty about was the fact that I’d left it in the locker room on purpose. 
I had no idea why I couldn’t get Mary out of my head, but I chose not to question it.  She lived there, at least for the time being, and she wasn’t moving out anytime soon.  That had never happened to me before and it scared the dog out of me, but I knew I wouldn’t rest until I made sure she’d gotten home okay.
Although I’d decided to ‘accidentally’ leave my wallet, I hadn’t made a firm plan to do anything about it at the time.  After spending the night tossing and turning, by morning I realized I had to do something or I could kiss any future good night sleeps bye-bye…at least for a while.
Besides, something was going on—something Mark refused to explain, something that involved Mary—and I couldn’t let that rest.
Ruthlessly, I shoved the immediate attraction I’d felt for the girl in the ill-fitting white t-shirt and unflattering grey sweats to the back of my mind trying to convince myself that it had nothing whatsoever to do with my determination to find out where she lived.
Truth be told, I had no idea why I was so drawn to her.
Sure, she was cute, but so were a lot of other girls I’d known, and I’d never worried about any of them getting home safely.  
Then there was the whole Fresco thing.  Even though Mark had assured me that he could be trusted, I kept seeing his humongous arm wrapped around Mary’s delicate throat and his hands spanning her tiny waist and touching her legs as he positioned her.  For some reason, the more I thought about it, the more that ticked me off.
Pile that on top of the fact that Fresco had followed Mary home and…well…it made me crazy.
Mark wordlessly handed me his key ring, for which I was thankful.  I’d expected a lecture, but he was too busy with the Krohl shrinks.  Apparently, he and Ashley had plans to meet them for lunch.
Ever since the Krohl shrinks had moved to Dallas, just over a month earlier, the four of them had been like a perpetual double date, and my hope to spend some after-hours guy-time with Mark had disappeared.  That was one of the reasons I’d volunteered to help him with the house he was building as a surprise for his fiancée.  
Ever since we’d first met at Drew’s house, we’d connected, but then he’d disappeared for about a year and when he’d returned he had Ashley in tow.
I knew a bunch of other guys, but most of them were married, and doing stuff with women…well…that was just asking for trouble.  Unlike Julia, my best friend while I lived in Africa, most women had an ulterior motive even if they insisted we could just be friends.
I missed Julia.
Denise and I had done a few things together with both Mark and Ashley, but the less time my sister and I spent in each other’s company the better.  We only got along when a whole ocean separated us…or at least a few city blocks.
I’d been amazed we hadn’t killed each other when, having just returned from overseas, she’d offered to let me stay with her until I got a job and found my own place to live.  Somehow, we’d survived it…but just barely.
After I found a job, Mark and I began meeting for lunch at least once a week, but that and the time I spent helping on the house was about it.
In less than a month, Mark and Ashley would be married.  With the house basically done, unless we kept our lunch time meetings, even the small amount of time Mark and I spent together would be gone.
My desperate attempt to coax Mark into going to the hockey game with me had failed miserably, but somehow—with the Mary mystery going on—that didn’t seem nearly as important has it had just two days ago.
Now I’m a man on a mission.
I nodded in silent satisfaction as I pulled out of the church building parking lot and headed towards the gym.

Chapter 8
Mary

“Ms. Smith,” a familiar voice rang out from behind me as I entered the church foyer.  “Wait up!”
Taking a deep breath, I turned and smiled faintly.
“Officer Lancet,” I greeted him, briefly shaking his outstretched hand before quickly releasing it.  “I haven’t seen you here before.”
“As I said last night, I’m new.  Only been here a week so this is the first chance I’ve had to get to church.”
“Not working today?”
“I’ve got the late shift for now.”
“Well, I’m sure everyone will be thrilled to have you here.  If you’ll excuse me, I’m already late for class…”
“Oh, which class do you attend?” he asked with ill-concealed interest.  “I’m not sure what’s available.”
“Mine is for women only,” I said trying to hide the relief in my voice.
Apparently, I failed.
“Ms. Smith, I owe you an apology for last night.  I’ve been told that I’m impulsive and not very tactful and I’m afraid that last night I was guilty of both.  I hope you’ll accept my apology.”
“Well, we didn’t exactly meet under the best of circumstances,” I admitted.  “I was pretty shaken.”
“And I never intended to take advantage of that,” he said sheepishly.  “Tom raked me over the coals when we got into the cruiser.”
“Tom…?”
“Officer Stevens,” he supplied.
“Oh…well…it’s no big deal.  I need to get to class, though.”
“So we’re good?”
“We’re fine.”
“Great!  I look forward to getting to know you…as friends,” he added quickly at my look of dismay.  “I’m an avid reader and since you’re the librarian…”
“Stop by this week sometime and I’ll take your information so you can get a library card.  See you later.”
“Bye.”
I ignored the pangs of guilty conscience that ripped through me at his lost and forlorn tone.  
He’ll get over it, I told myself firmly as I opened the door and slipped quietly into a seat at the back of the classroom.

Chapter 9
Ricky

Suddenly, my courage seemed to have deserted me.  I drove past Mary’s house three times before I got up the nerve to stop.  
Her dark blue compact sat out in front of the small off-white one-story frame house so I knew I had the right address.  That also proved that she had made it home the night before.  It was all good…so why couldn’t I just turn around and go home?
After all, I was missing prime riding time and my horse Keeper could certainly use the exercise.  I allowed the stable to use him for lessons a couple of days during the week, but never on the weekends.  That was usually my riding time.
If I head back now I might just have time for an hour or so…
But I couldn’t do it…I couldn’t leave…and I had no idea why…
Finally, forcing myself out of my pickup, I casually sauntered up the sidewalk and parked myself on Mary’s small front porch stoop, staring at her door as if I could make it open without proactively knocking on it.
Pro-activity had never been my strong suit.  
As I stood there, hands in my pockets, debating whether to knock or just leave a note and beat it, a police cruiser pulled up behind my pickup.  Two officers got out and swiftly headed towards me.  
One sported the brightest red hair I’d ever seen outside of Lucy reruns, looking for all the world like he’d just stepped off the plane from the British Isles—Scotland or Ireland to be specific—after a particularly sunny summer, if his freckled tan was anything to go by.  
The other appeared to be the total opposite with his black hair and dark olive skin, obviously able to claim either Italian or Spanish blood in his very recent ancestry. 
However, they seemed to have one thing in common…the scowls both wore as they headed up the sidewalk.
The closer they got, the antsier I got.  Each of them had their hands resting on their holsters, which, by the way, weren’t empty—not considered a good sign under normal circumstances…or any circumstances—and they were obviously far from happy with my presence on Mary’s porch.
Stopping ten feet from me, the dark haired one pulled his gun and barked, “Hands where we can see them.”
My eyes widened then narrowed all within a split-second.  Something weird was going on.
“Is Mary okay?”
“I’m only going to tell you once more…put your hands where we can see them.”
For a split second, I thought about spouting some smart-alecky remark like ‘My hands really aren’t all that interesting’ or ‘And if I don’t…?’ or just plain old ‘Why?’, but thought better of it.  By the look on their faces, I doubted either of them had much of a sense of humor.
My next thoughts involved the actual showing of my hands.  I considered locking my hands behind my head as I’d seen in countless movies and TV shows, but decided not to give the two any ideas.  
That type of thing usually preceded the character in question pulling a taped-on knife off his back, which I obviously didn’t have…or a handcuffing, which I obviously didn’t want. 
Besides, the man had specifically asked to see my hands, so hiding them behind my head was probably the wrong move.
Instead, I slowly withdrew my hands from my jean pockets and carefully lifted both out to the side as I’d seen Drew do tons of times on the big screen.  I’d always thought it looked cool when he’d done it in the movies—much cooler than those characters that stuck their hands way up in the air like some sort of dork—but I decided that being in that type of situation at all was definitely not so cool in real life no matter what I did.
As my hands moved out and away from my body, my brain struck a deal with them.  
You don’t shake and I won’t freeze.
I desperately hoped both parts of my body would hold up their end of the deal, but I could tell it was touch and go for a bit.  However, I’d forgotten to include other body parts in the bargain.
Even though I’d grown up with guns—ranch life and guns kind of went together—owned one myself, and spent quite a bit of time at a local shooting range, I couldn’t stop the sweat from beading on my forehead…my upper lip…my underarms…and other places I’d rather not think about, as I stared down the barrel of the police officer’s Glock.
I sure wasn’t used to being on the business end of one.  My sympathy for the coyotes I used to hunt magnified.
“I’m just here to see Mary,” I offered as calmly as I could, my brain thankfully still doing its job.
My hands seemed fine, too…I just wished my sweat glands would cooperate.  Of course, my glands hadn’t agreed to any kind of deal so they felt no need to oblige the rest of me.
“You a friend of hers?” the redhead asked suspiciously.  “What’s your name?”
“We know each other,” I hedged.  “Name’s Ricky,” I offered reluctantly then, seeing his raised eyebrows, added in resignation, “Ricky Hunter.”
Thankfully, the door behind me chose that moment to open.  I refrained from heaving the sigh of relief I desperately wanted to…swallowing it back down hard.
“Officer Lancet!  Officer Stevens!” Mary exclaimed in surprise.  “What’s going on out here?”
“Please go back inside the house, ma’am,” the redhead ordered.
Great, she gets a please, I noted silently, barely stopping myself from saying it out loud then mentally kicked myself adding, Don’t antagonize the man with the Glock or his partner, dummy.
“I will not,” I could almost hear Mary mentally stamping her foot at the policeman and had to stifle a laugh.  “I’m not going anywhere until you tell me what Officer Lancet is doing pointing a gun at Ricky.”
Cool, she remembers my name and recognizes me from the back…things are looking up.
“We were cruising the neighborhood and saw this man standing on your porch,” the dark one, obviously Officer Lancet, said between clenched teeth.
“Hi Mary,” I said carefully waving with one of my half-raised hands without turning around.  “If you wouldn’t mind calling off your guard dogs, I’d really appreciate it.”
“Officer Lancet, please put your gun away,” Mary said in a no-nonsense voice.  “I’m so sorry, Ricky.  If I’d know you were coming…” she trailed off and even though I couldn’t see her, I had the distinct impression she’d bit her lip to keep from adding something she might later regret.
I grinned—I couldn’t help it—although, probably not the smartest thing to do with an irate cop pointing a gun at my heart.
As Officer Lancet reluctantly holstered his gun, he growled, “Something funny, Hunter?”
“Just happy all your bullets are still safely sleeping inside your Glock instead of inside of me,” I said, lowering my hands.
“For the time being,” he muttered under his breath.  “Are you sure you’re alright, Mary?”
“I’m fine,” Mary assured him as she grabbed one of my wrists.
My grin widened at the look on Lancet’s face.  The man was ticked, and most likely jealous.  That was a good sign.  I had no idea what his relationship with Mary was, but apparently he wasn’t sure of her.
“Thanks, Officers,” I saluted smartly with my free hand as she dragged me inside, “I’ve got it from here.”
Lancet grumbled “Smart ass,” as he and Stevens turned back towards their squad car.
Mary shut the door and immediately moved to the window.
“Mary…” I began.
She held her hand up to silence me as she leaned forward and peered out through the blinds.  My eyes took a trip down the length of her and back up again, appreciating the view.  Mary’s tight jeans and fitted blouse sure did hug her in all the right places.
I didn’t even bother to try to fight the urge to move closer to her.
Taking up a position behind her, almost but not quite touching, I leaned forward and placed my cheek near hers as we watched the cruiser pull away.
She smelled good, too…kind of fruity…and really really nice.  I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply.
As she turned to follow the progress of the squad car, I felt her ponytail sweep the back of my neck and I felt a tremor pass through my whole body spreading breath-stealing sensations to parts I hadn’t thought much about since my return from Africa.  Actually, I’d consciously attempted to subdue and/or ignore certain parts of my anatomy since the whole Tammy fiasco, determined not to fall prey to a man-hunting female ever again.
Cold showers and I were on a first name basis.
Stupidly, I’d assumed it was working…thought I’d built up an immunity towards the whole female population, but all it had taken was the swish of one cute little ponytail and suddenly I knew I’d been kidding myself.
Mary spelled trouble with a capital ‘T’.
“Let’s go for a walk,” she announced loudly, straightening up from the window.
Quickly backing away, my eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“Okay,” I answered, mimicking her loud tone.
Repressing my grin and shrugging my shoulders, I obediently followed her to the door.
Picking up her purse off the small foyer table, she shook her head as if having a private conversation with herself and then set the purse back down.
“Mary…” I began again, but she ignored me and opened her front door indicating that I should go first.
Curiosity consumed me.  
Mary quite possibly belonged in a nuthouse, and I wondered briefly what I’d gotten myself into as she pulled her key ring out of her front jean pocket and locked the door behind us.
Shoving her keys back into her jeans, she set a brisk pace down the sidewalk, but then suddenly stopped at my pickup.
“Let’s go for a ride,” she suggested.  “You drive.”
“Okay,” I replied, pulling my own keys out and unlocking the doors with the remote.
I helped her in and then walked around to the driver’s side.  As I opened my door, I glanced casually around and there, in between Mary and her neighbor’s house, I caught a glimpse of the front end of a squad car sitting in the alley behind Mary’s house.  
If I were a betting man, I’d have laid odds on the officers in that cruiser being the same ones that had held me at gunpoint.
Interesting, I thought as I slid behind the wheel and started the engine, maybe Mary isn’t acting so crazy after all.

Chapter 10
Mary

I had no idea what the heck I was doing.  
What was I thinking…?  Not only had I known Ricky for less than twenty-four hours, we’d never even officially been introduced.
Yanking him into the house like that and then hopping into his pickup with him…?  Was I stark raving mad?
Don’t answer that, because I know I won’t like the answer.
I hadn’t even asked why he was there…
A little late for that you idiot.
Glancing over at Ricky as he pulled out onto the road, I noticed that he was grinning.
Okay, I’m officially insane, and I’m in a vehicle with a lunatic…one who obviously laughs in the face of danger.  I mean, the man had a gun pointed at him for goodness sakes, and now he’s smiling like he hadn’t a care in the world…?
“Did you have any particular destination in mind,” he asked, the amusement in his voice still apparent, “or should I just drive around and pretend like I know where I’m going?”
“The last one,” I snapped, unaccountably angry.  “And while you’re at it, you can explain why you’re grinning like the proverbial cat that swallowed the canary.”
“Wow,” he said turning towards me shaking his head, his grin widening, “just…wow!”
He returned his eyes to the road, but I couldn’t take my eyes off of him.
My anger started dissipating, but only slightly.
“What’s that supposed to mean,” I asked irritably cursing the dimples that I couldn’t seem to resist ogling while trying to whip my anger back up into a frenzy.
Anger seemed to be the only defense I had against those dimples.
“I’ve never heard anybody younger than my mom and dad actually use that phrase…cat that swallowed the canary…that’s hilarious.”
“Great,” I muttered, “Now you’re laughing at me.”
“Laughing with you; laughing at you…well…that would be just plain ole rude.”
“Technically, since you’re the only one laughing…”
“Aw, come on, admit it,” he glanced at me, eyes twinkling, “you think I’m funny.”
“You’re funny alright,” I said acidly desperately trying to ignore those sexy brown eyes.  “Funny in the head…”
“You know you’re laughing on the inside…just like you were last night whenever I…”
“Last night…?” I interrupted, “I never even cracked a smile last night.”
“Granted, but I saw you bite your lip to keep from it a couple of times.”
“Well, nearly smiling is a long way from laughing.”
“Nah…it’s close enough…for somebody who takes life as seriously as you do.”
“How did you…?”
I quickly stopped myself, but it was too late.
“So I’m right about you.  Good to know I haven’t lost my touch.”
“What touch?”
“Reading women,” the one dimple I could see deepened.  “What can I say?  I’ve got mad skills.”
“Well, just because I take things seriously doesn’t mean I don’t have a sense of humor.”
“Oh, I know you have a sense of humor.  Otherwise, you wouldn’t have thought I was funny…amusing last night.”
Instead of replying to his observation, I pondered what he’d said for a few minutes.
He had me there.  I had thought he was amusing…very amusing…but I’d mistakenly thought I’d kept that under wraps…obviously, not so much.
I wondered how much else I’d given away…
“So what’s up with your boyfriend?” Ricky asked, breaking the silence.
“My boyfriend…?” I repeated in shock.  “How did you…?”
Once more, I broke off mid-sentence.  He couldn’t know about Duncan, could he?
Unless Duncan is the one who sent him.
I chewed on my bottom lip as unwelcome thoughts raced through my head.
What if Ricky’s the one who broke into my house? He obviously knows where I live.  It makes sense.  Except, how would he have known where I was going to be last night?  I hadn’t told anyone but Ashley that it was even a possibility that I would show up at the self-defense class.  Besides the fact that he wouldn’t have had time to get here before me.  
But maybe he knows who did…maybe it’s a conspiracy.  That’s it…the whole thing is a plot from the start.  That means Ashley is in on it, and probably Mark her fiancé, and that woman who plowed into me…twice…and maybe even Rachel and her psychiatrist husband.  And then they picked Ricky to lull me into thinking he liked me when all the time he plans to…plans to…
But…but…No!  I like him!   I like Ricky!  He can’t be in it with Duncan…he just can’t!  How could I fall for someone so wrong again?  Wait…fall…?  No…I haven’t fallen for Ricky…sure he’s cute and sweet and funny and sexy and…has the most maddening dimples I’ve ever seen…oh no!  I can’t go through this again…
“Well,” Ricky was saying in a puzzled voice, “my first clue was probably when he pointed a gun at me and threatened to shoot me.”
“He threatened to shoot you?”
That didn’t sound like Duncan…or at least not the Duncan I remembered.  He never did his own dirty work…or any other kind of work come to think of it.
“You know, I could be wrong, but when a cop pulls a gun on you…well…I’m pretty sure that means that he means business.  Did you really think it was a good idea to date a cop and then kick him to the curb?  I mean, they carry guns and sticks and are licensed to kill…”
“Date a cop?  Oh, you mean Officer Lancet,” I said in relief as I realized he hadn’t been talking about Duncan at all.  “I’m not dating him…I barely know him.”
“Does he know that?  Cuz it didn’t look that way from where I was standing…with my hands in the air and a gun pointed at my chest and all.”
Okay, he could have gone all day without mentioning his chest.  Of course, that drew my eyes right to it and, from what I could see, it was a rather nice broad muscular chest.  I wondered what it would look like without the light blue long-sleeved fitted dress shirt…with just the tee under it.  Then I started removing the tee…
“Earth to Mary,” Ricky prompted, glancing over at me curiously.
Startled out of my ridiculous daydream, I looked up and met his eyes for a brief moment before necessity forced him to return them to the road.
“Um…I…we…I just met him yesterday,” I stammered.
“Whoa, that’s a whole bunch of wishful thinking on his part,” Ricky whistled through his teeth.  “But I guess I’m not one to talk—or throw stones—living in a glass house myself…”
“Glass house…?”
“Well, you and I just met last night, but here we are,” he pointed out grinning widely.  “Although, since I’m the one who ended up with the girl—which would be you by the way—in my pickup with me…”
I tried to focus on an explanation, but the implications of Ricky’s words had me all tied up in knots.  Even though he hadn’t said anything last night, I realized that he was interested in me after all.  Suddenly, my lungs stopped cooperating, making it extremely difficult to breathe.  
“No, you don’t understand,” I practically gasped.  “Officer Lancet was at my house last night when I got home and I talked to him at church this morning, but he’s not interested in me that way…”
“I’m totally lost,” Ricky frowned, an expression I hadn’t seen on his face up to that point, and honestly never expected to see.  “If you aren’t dating him, why would he show up at your house late at night and why the heck would he pull a gun on me just for knocking on your door?  Come to think of it, I never even got to the knocking part.”
“Last night, when I got home, my house had been broken into,” I admitted reluctantly.  “Well, not exactly broken into since there were no signs of forced entry, but somebody had been in my house.  Apparently, my neighbor saw whoever it was and called the police.  Those two officers, Officers Lancet and Stevens were the ones that responded to her 911 call.”
“Whoa!” Ricky exclaimed.  “Then it’s probably a good thing Fresco followed you home after all.  If the police hadn’t been there…”
“Fresco did what?”
“And I’m guessing you didn’t know that.”
I just shook my head, too stunned to answer.

Chapter 11
Ricky

Although it wasn’t in my nature, I stayed quiet for a while, just watching Mary out of the corner of my eye.
She hadn’t realized she’d picked up a tail the night before, and I could see that it bothered her…a lot.  Actually, it bothered me a lot.
One expression after another flitted across her face and it almost looked like a huge fight was brewing inside her.  Arguing with herself seemed to be a common thing.
Even though I wanted to know what she was thinking, I figured she’d tell me when she was ready.
Eventually she sighed and said, “No, I didn’t know Fresco followed me home.  How did you know?”
“I saw him,” I admitted.  “Well, I saw somebody and it worried me so I planned to follow whoever it was following you, but then Mark stopped me and told me it was just Fresco making sure you got home okay.”
“Why would Fresco do that?”
“Apparently, Ashley asked him to because she was worried about your long drive home on the interstate in the dark.  Mark said she’d convinced you to come so she felt responsible for you.”
Mary chewed on her bottom lip for a minute before asking, “How well do you know Mark and Ashley?”
“Pretty well,” I shrugged.  “Mark, at least.  I think I mentioned last night that our families have some connections.  He’s a good guy.  Why do you ask?”
More chewing…
I had to force myself to watch the road instead of her.  My eyes kept zeroing in on her pink full lips and her small white teeth digging into the bottom one.
For some reason, I desperately wanted to dig my teeth into her bottom lip and that shocked the heck out of me.  What stunned me even more was the fact that I didn’t want to stop there.
My hands twitched on the wheel as I wondered just what her skin would feel like.  Would it be as soft and smooth as it looked?  My eyes glazed over as I pictured stroking her cheek and reaching up to loosen her hair from that little girl ponytail…
“Are you good with your hands?”
“What…?” I croaked hoarsely wondering if she’d somehow read my mind.
“Are you handy…like can you do things around the house…?”
“Well, at the risk of sounding immodest,” I said recovering quickly, “I’m darn good with my hands.  What kinds of things would you like me to do for you?”
“Obviously not what you have in mind,” she huffed and folded her arms across her chest.  “Just forget it.”
“I’m kidding, Mary.  Tell me what you need and I’ll do my best to…satisfy you,” I couldn’t resist adding.
Glancing sideways, my grin widened as I noticed the death rays shooting at me from her gorgeous golden-flecked eyes.  Her cheeks were all kinds of pink.  She was stinkin’ cute when she was angry.
“If you’re not going to take me seriously…” she began.
“Are you sure?” I asked with feigned skepticism.
“Am I sure about what?”
“That you seriously want me to take you.”
I stifled my chuckle at her exasperated gasp.
“Stop right now and let me out,” Mary ordered.  “I’ve had enough of…”
“Aw, c’mon Mary,” I cajoled, “If you’re going to ask leading questions and make ambiguous statements then you should at least have the decency to own up to them and maybe even laugh when I call you on them…although I’d probably settle for a smile.”
“My questions are not leading,” she denied hotly, “nor are my statements ambiguous.” 
“Of course not,” I nodded agreeably.  “I mean, what could possibly be wrong with a woman asking a man if he’s good with his hands.”
“But I meant…”
“Or the same woman asking a man if he can do things around the house…”
“But you…”
“Or my personal favorite, you requesting that I take you…seriously…”
“You’re twisting my words,” she protested.
“Not much twisting involved, sweetheart.  Maybe I’ll buy you a dictionary and a thesaurus for your birthday.”
“I have an extensive vocabulary, and I can assure you I’m in no need of either.”
“Hmm…true…maybe we should concentrate more on syntax…”
“I don’t need English lessons from you, you…you…idiot!” Mary practically screamed at me.  “I’m good with words...I’m a published author for goodness sakes…”
“You’re a what?”
I jerked the wheel, startled as Mary clamped her hands over her mouth.
“You’re a published author?” I repeated in surprise.
“I…uh…I don’t know why I said that,” Mary stammered.
“Maybe because it’s true; are you famous?”
“I meant to say that I’m self-published.”
“Ah,” I said.  “Hoping to hit it big one day?”
“Maybe…”
“Well, I can’t imagine writing any more than I’m required to write,” I admitted, “so I’m impressed.  And here we are,” I announced as I turned into the parking lot of the local discount store.
“What are we doing here?”
“I’m not much of a writer,” I said as I pulled into a parking space and shut off the engine, “but I’m pretty good at reading between the lines.”
At her questioning look, I turned to face her, eagerly meeting her eyes.  I loved those gorgeous eyes, which almost seemed to change color depending on her mood and state of mind, but driving hadn’t left me much of a chance to admire them.  They fascinated me.  I briefly wondered why they sometimes looked different than at other times, but decided it must be a trick of the light.
“We should be able to buy new locks here,” I explained finally.
“New locks…?” she repeated, eyeing me warily.
“You want me to change the locks on your doors, right?”
“Well, yes…but how did…?”
“I told you…mad skills.”
I grinned and leaned over to kiss her cheek.
Mary was so shocked that she still hadn’t moved a muscle by the time I’d made it around the pickup and opened her door.

Chapter 12
Mary

It’s official, I thought wonderingly as I allowed Ricky to lead me by the hand through the parking lot towards the discount store, I’m totally, hopelessly, and incurably insane.
How could I let someone I hardly know not only kiss me on the cheek, but stroll into the local discount store holding my hand as if we were on a date or something?  As if we were a…a…couple?
My eyes darted around the parking lot keeping watch for anyone I might know, ready to jerk my hand out of Ricky’s at a moment’s notice, but thankfully, there was no one there…not yet anyway.  
I felt self-conscious and ill at ease.
Ricky, on the other hand, seemed to be completely at home with the situation and actually quite happy—if his cheerfully pleasant whistling was anything to go by—without a single self-conscious bone in his body.  And believe me, I knew a lot about his body as I couldn’t seem to keep my eyes off him for any length of time.  The loose black sweat pants and dark red t-shirt he’d worn the night before hadn’t done him justice, but his snug fitting jeans and nicely tailored dress shirt certainly did.  
Of course, last night it hadn’t been his physique I’d noticed so much as his perpetually smiling and optimistic personality that seemed to be highly contagious.  
He was so contagious in fact that by the time we reached the entrance of the discount store, I felt more upbeat and positive than I had in years.
We’d know each other less than twenty-four hours, but I already couldn’t imagine not knowing him…and that scared me silly.
He teased me constantly and, even though it exasperated me, deep inside I had to admit that I kind of liked it.  I kind of liked him.
Okay, there was no ‘kind of’ about it…I really liked him.  
That frightened the living daylights out of me.
Once we got inside, I tugged at my hand, realizing he’d have to let go at some point so one of us could push a cart, but that never happened.
He refused to let go and, instead of a rolling cart, opted for one of the small carrying baskets.  With the basket in one hand and my hand in his other, he unerringly led me straight to the correct section of the store.
Setting the basket on the floor, Ricky asked if I had any preference on locks, took one look at my blank stare, and then grabbed four packages from the confusing hodgepodge on the shelf.
“I only need one,” I frowned at the items in the basket then, glancing up to meet his lopsided grin, I asked uncertainly, “don’t I?”
“You have two doors, right?”
“Oh, right,” I said berating myself for being an idiot then realized something, “but I only have one lock on each door,” I pointed out.  “You have four locks there.”
“Exactly.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m going to put two deadbolts on each, just to be on the safe side.  I would put a couple more for good measure, but after a while overkill is just…well…overkill.”
“Won’t one deadbolt keep an intruder out?”
“No, and neither will two, but…”
“Oh great, just what I wanted to hear.”
“Sweetheart, nothing will keep out a determined thief, but two deadbolts on each door will dang sure slow one down long enough for your nosey neighbor to get the cops to your place and before the guy can get in next time.  Although I hope there won’t be a next time.”
“I never said Mrs. Bell was nosey,” I denied, yanking at my hand.  “Don’t put words in my mouth.  She’s actually very sweet.”
“Of course she’s sweet,” Ricky chuckled, readjusting and tightening his grip, “but nosey is a prerequisite for neighbors in a small town.” 
“What do you know about small towns?”
“I’m a small town country boy, born and bred, and proud of it,” he stated emphatically.  “What about you?”
“Um…I…” I hesitated, knowing I’d be breaking my own self-imposed rules by giving out that type of information, but also realizing that I wanted to tell him…badly.
“It’s okay.  I can see you don’t like giving out personal information.  No biggie.”
Still without releasing my hand, he picked up the basket and headed for another aisle.
Although he tried to hide it, I could see that my lack of trust hurt his feelings and I hated that.  Suddenly, I could feel depression seeping through me and settling into my stomach and I hated that even worse.  I hadn’t trusted anyone in a very long time and I’d probably regret it, but I couldn’t seem to help myself.
“I’m a big city girl,” I blurted out as we stopped in front of some weird looking tool-type things and Ricky once more set the basket down.  “What are those?”
“They’re called hole saws and I’m not sure I have one in my toolbox that’s the right size for these locks so I’m gonna buy one that I know will work.  I’d hate to have to make another trip back here.”
“What do they do?”
“I put it on the end of my drill and saw a hole,” he said absently as he bent over and grabbed one of the locks out of the basket, “hence the name hole saw.”
I stood quietly while he perused the back of the packaging then watched as he dropped it into the basket and grabbed what he needed off a metal hangar.
“We are good to go,” he announced in satisfaction as he tossed the hole saw in with the locks and picked up the basket.  “Let’s go make you safe.”

Chapter 13
Ricky

Once more readjusting my grip on Mary’s hand, I led her to the front of the store, thankful she hadn’t insisted I let go.  Her half-hearted yanks didn’t count…at least, that was what I told myself.
In the short span of time since we’d first arrived in the parking lot, I’d become quite attached …literally as well as figuratively…to the small soft hand resting so naturally in mine, and I planned to keep a hold for as long as possible.
Besides, if I let go, I figured Mary wouldn’t be so obliging as to offer her hand to me again and might, in fact, fight me if I tried to reclaim it.
Offer her hand, I mused, sounds old-fashioned…like Mary.
Although we’d just met, and I was nowhere near ready for that huge of a step, I had to admit that the whole marriage thing suddenly didn’t sound nearly as terrifying as it usually did.  Normally, I’d practically hyperventilate at the thought, marriage synonymous with my ex-fiancée, but for once my breathing remained totally unaffected.
Huh, go figure.
I managed to pay out and lead Mary all the way to my pickup without relinquishing her hand.  It was kind of fun and challenging, figuring out how to get things done one-handed.
Mary predictably objected to me paying, but then realized she’d left her wallet at home in her purse and gave in…not gracefully, but still…  
I knew she’d insist on repaying me once we got back to her house, but I found myself actually looking forward to it.  Usually, I went out of my way to avoid confrontation of any type, but not with Mary.  She seemed to bring out feelings in me I had no idea existed—things I barely even recognized—and it excited me.
As I reluctantly released her hand and helped her up into my pickup, I pictured what it would be like to let her in on my side of the vehicle instead of the passenger side.  She’d slide over only as far as the middle of the bench seat and, once I got in, our bodies would be touching from shoulder to knee to ankle…
Stop it, I ordered silently as I slammed the passenger door shut, you barely know the woman.
But that wasn’t true, I felt as if I’d known her forever…and I couldn’t figure out why.
What was it about her that drew me?  Maybe the fact that I sensed things about her that she desperately wanted to hide…not only from me, but from everybody.
Even though I knew my off-the-wall comments amused her, she constantly fought it, and even though I could have sworn she’d been attracted to me the night before, she’d frozen me out when I’d approached her in the parking lot.
At times, I could tell what she was thinking or feeling, but the rest of the time she was a complete mystery, and, amazingly enough, one that for some reason I wanted…no needed…to unravel.
That shocked me.  I’d never had more than a passing interest in any woman and I had to admit to being in uncharted territory.
Suddenly, the thought of going straight back to her house and installing her locks didn’t appeal to me.  Knowing it wouldn’t take me long to get all of them done, I realized that, once I finished, I’d have no excuse to hang around any longer.
I frowned…not happening.  But how to prolong my visit without alarming her…?  As if in answer to my burning question, my stomach growled.
Nodding in satisfaction, I turned towards the burger joint I’d noticed earlier.

Chapter 14
Mary

Ricky seemed abnormally quiet as we left the discount store parking lot.  I wondered if he regretted coming.  Or maybe he regretted holding my hand, afraid he’d given me the wrong idea.  Of course, it could have to do with the fact that he had to pay for my locks.
My embarrassment held me silent as Ricky pulled out onto the road.  Even though I had a ton of questions, I wasn’t sure what type of mood he was in, so I decided to keep them to myself.  The whole ‘deep in thought’ Ricky confused me.  I hadn’t seen him like that in the short time we’d known each other, and had no idea how to approach him.
After a while, I realized he’d taken a wrong turn.
“Um…Ricky…?”
“Hmm…?” he glanced towards me absently.
He’d obviously forgotten I was even in the pickup with him.  That thought irritated me.
“My house is that way,” I jerked a thumb towards my window.
“But burgers are this way.”
Ricky threw a grin in my direction and, just like that, he was back from wherever he’d temporarily gone.
Suddenly, my spirits lifted and I felt happier than I had in a long time.
“I don’t have any money with me.”
“My momma would have my hide if I ever let a woman pay.”
“This hardly counts, Ricky, since we’re not on a date.”
“Aren’t we?”
“I think I’d remember someone asking me out,” I said, smothering the smile I could feel tugging at the corners of my mouth, beginning to enjoy our fencing of words.
To my surprise, Ricky suddenly braked and pulled over into an angled parking spot in front of the local hardware store.  It, along with all the other downtown buildings—my library included—stayed closed on Sundays, so we were the only vehicle on the whole deserted street.  
Wide-eyed, I watched as Ricky undid his seatbelt and moved towards me on the bench seat.
Taking both of my cold, limp hands in his, he brought them to his lips and placed a kiss on the back of each of them, heating them up quite nicely.
“My dear, sweet Mary,” his eyes imprisoned my eyes just as his hands had captured mine, “would you do me the honor of accepting my invitation to dinner?”
Never had I experienced the types of sensations shooting through my body at that moment.  Even as I melted from the touch of his lips on the back of my hands and the look in his delicious brown eyes locked with mine, electricity shot up my arm, and I suddenly couldn’t catch my breath.  
“Mary…?” he prompted gently.
I swallowed hard and nodded.  I couldn’t have managed anything else.
“Good,” he replied with a satisfied smile as he leaned forward and planted a kiss on my forehead.
My chin and lower lip trembled involuntarily as he released me and moved back over to the driver’s seat.
As he pulled back out onto the road, I turned my face away from him, staring out my window, close to tears, and fighting to get my expression under control.  
In less than twenty-four hours, Ricky had managed to completely crumble the walls it had taken me almost two years to build, and I felt vulnerable and totally unprotected.  I’d never experienced that strong of a reaction to anyone before, either physically or emotionally, and it terrified me, but thankfully not in the same way as Duncan had frightened me.
Even as frightening as it was to be with Ricky, it was also exciting and exhilarating.  My whole body responded to him in a way it never had before—to anyone—and I feared I’d become an addict…a Ricky addict.
And I knew that deep inside me, I didn’t have the strength to deny myself a fix.

Chapter 15
Ricky

By the time I’d seated Mary in a booth at the burger place and ordered our food, I’d decided on strategy.  I needed some sort of plan because, even though I hadn’t spent much time in her company, it was pretty obvious that Mary didn’t like talking about herself.
I had a huge problem with that; I wanted to know all about her.
Realizing she’d just clam up if I started asking questions, I figured I’d just ramble on about me, get her comfortable, and maybe…just maybe…she’d accidentally let something slip like she had about the self-published thing.
Of course, she’d been angry with me at the time for teasing her when I preferred that she willingly volunteer the information, but I’d take whatever I could get.
After settling Mary in with her burger and diet drink, I slid into the booth—sitting across from her so I could watch her face—and started in on my own burger, fries, and shake, offering information about my past in between bites.  
Since I loved the way her eyes got huge whenever I said or did something that shocked or surprised her, I figured I might as well start things off with a bang.
“Did I happen to mention that I spent over two years in the Peace Corps…?”
“Really…?”  Mary’s beautiful wide eyes didn’t disappoint.  “I had no idea.  What did you do?”
“I helped bring fresh water to some places in Africa that sorely needed it.”
“Did you enjoy it?”
“Sometimes,” I shrugged.  “Most of the time…”
“Tell me about it…please…”
“It was…what’s the word I’m looking for…um…worthwhile…definitely worthwhile.  The people I worked with were great and the residents usually appreciated what we were trying to do.  Fresh water is in short supply in a lot of those countries, and what water there is frequently becomes contaminated with human waste.” 
“That’s awful,” Mary exclaimed.
“That’s a good word for it.  I’ll never forget the first time I saw a kid drink from a water puddle after a rain.”  I shuddered remembering, adding, “There’s no telling exactly where that water had originated or what was in it.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Mary confessed.  “That’s all so far beyond anything I’ve ever seen or done.”
“It was for me, too, until I got there.  I had no idea what I was signing up for.”
“Did you regret it?”
“No…never…It was a great learning experience for me.  I needed to find some sort of balance in my life and that definitely did it for me. 
“What kind of balance?”
“I had a kind of…well…money problem.”
“Money problem…?  What type of money problem?”
“I’ve always been what my dad calls ‘a giver’, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, but for me it was definitely not always a good thing.”
“Why would you say that?  I think being a giver is a great thing.”
“As long as it’s mixed in with some common sense, sure it is,” I grinned sheepishly.  “Unfortunately, I didn’t have much of that.  My older brother Drew was always trying to beat some into me, but I have a pretty hard head.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I gave and gave and gave and then somebody always had to give to me because I had nothing left.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I’d give my lunches away at school to kids who didn’t have much to eat, but then I’d come home so hungry that I’d eat through my mom’s grocery budget.”
“Oh…”
“I gave my new jacket away one year and since my parents couldn’t afford to buy me another one, I spent the whole year swallowed in one of Drew’s old ones.”
“I think I’m beginning to get the picture.”
“I’d see a need and just give whatever I had without thinking about the consequences…and there are always consequences for somebody…even if it wasn’t always me.  I just didn’t realize that.  Finally, after years of playing the role of safety net for me, Dad decided to just let me fall.”
“But that didn’t help?”
“No, because big brother Drew took over,” I said with a chuckle.  “Irked him no end to have to do it, but it’s as much a part of his nature to protect as it is in mine to give.  He let his displeasure be felt, though, that’s for sure.”
“But that didn’t do any good either…?”
“Nope…to say he was glad to see the back of me when I left for Africa would be an understatement.”
“I’m sure he missed you while you were gone.”
“Like teenage acne,” I nodded agreeably.  “Don’t get me wrong, Drew loves me, but I drive him totally nuts.”
“Even now…?  You said you’ve changed…”
“That’s true, we do get along a lot better now.  In fact, while I was doing a lot of growing up and learning life lessons in Africa, Drew was learning some of his own right here in the states.”
“What kinds of lessons did Drew need to learn?”
“How to give,” I laughed.  “Ironic, huh…?  He and Felicia found a couple of charities they like and now they help support them.”
“Felicia…?”
“Drew’s wife…he married Felicia almost two years ago.  Neither of them were much on giving to charities, but they’ve changed a lot the last couple of years.”
“And you…?  Do you still give?”
“I do, but I don’t give away my rent money anymore.”
“You didn’t…”
“I saw a need, and I gave…without any thought to what I needed to live on.  Noble perhaps, but really really stupid.  Drew bailed me out of that one, too, but he was as ticked off as I’d ever seen him.”
“How old were you?”
“Twenty-three…not long after that, I joined the Peace Corps.”
“Would you ever consider going back to Africa?”
“Not with the Peace Corps, but maybe as a mission trip or something…that would actually be good.”
“Why not with the Peace Corps?”
“It was…long…and about halfway through, it started to feel like I’d been there forever and would be there forever.  It just got…oh, I don’t know…”
“Old…?”
“I feel guilty even thinking that, but yeah, that’s as good a description as any.  I kinda lost my enthusiasm, and that’s a bad thing.  I was just so stinkin’ tired all the time…tired of the creepy crawlies, tired of the heat, tired of the cold, tired of the same food and foul tasting iodine water day in and day out…just plain ole tired, I guess.  Plus the fact that I was more than a little homesick…”
“That makes sense.  I’m sure anyone would be.”
“A few months before my stint was up, I used a week of R and R I’d been saving, and made a quick trip to Austin to visit some of my family.  Drew and Felicia had just tied the knot and I’d missed the whole thing, so I stayed at their house for a week to get to know her.  After that it was hard going back and finishing up.”
“What did you miss the most?”
“Fast food…what I wouldn’t have given for one of these combos.”
I held up my burger and tore off a big bite.
“Really…?”
“Nah,” I said then took a swig of shake to wash down the burger, “it was my family, but don’t tell Denise that…she already has to carry around her own steamer trunk just to tote her oversized ego.”
“I thought Denise seemed sweet!”
“Were we at the same class last night?  Because I’m pretty sure you’re the only one that got that erroneous of an impression.”
“She only gives you a hard time because you give her one,” Mary reproached.  “If you weren’t on her case all the time, I’m sure she’d be a lot nicer to you.”
“I doubt it, but I’ll take that under advisement.”
“Have you two ever gotten along?”
“Yeah, from a distance…a long distance.  We got along great while I was in Africa.”
“You’re a mess,” Mary accused with a half-smile.
“Oh yeah,” I crowed in satisfaction, “Now that’s what I’m talking about.” 
“What?” Mary asked blinking in confusion.
“You almost smiled,” I pointed out grinning.  “I like that.  Now if we can just get both sides of that pretty mouth up at the same time…”
Mary blushed and bit her bottom lip.  I could tell she was desperately trying not to smile and I wondered why it was so hard for her.
  “So, anyway,” I continued, watching her intently as I talked, “while I was on vacation in Austin I met Mark—his sister and Felicia are best friends—and we got to talking.  He was working at an architectural firm there and trying to finish his Master’s degree at UT.  That sounded like a good plan to me, so as soon as I was done with the Peace Corps, I applied for some jobs here in Texas and found one in Dallas working for the city.  Denise put me up for a while…”
“Put you up…or put up with you?”
I laughed, “Okay, you got me…it was a little of both.”
I loved that she had a sense of humor, and I especially loved that she could deliver lines like that with a straight face.  Definitely something I’d never been able to do.  I always felt the need to laugh at my own jokes, just in case no one else did.
Besides the fact that I totally cracked myself up.  What could I say?  I’d always been easily amused.
“How long have you worked for the city?”
“About a year and a half,” I answered, hiding my smile.
Mary was actually showing an interest—asking questions—and it was more of a turn-on than I ever expected.  
My built-in radar seemed to be having a hard time figuring Mary out with any certainty, but even though it frustrated me, at the same time, it was sort of fun.   
“What do you do for the city?”
“I design and implement drainage systems…and I’m frequently called in to revamp whole sections of existing ones.”
“So have you started your Master’s yet?”
“Nah, I’m still not sure if I want to,” I said, “at least, not right now.  I have a civil engineering job I like that has great benefits, pays fairly well, and leaves me with plenty of free time so it’s all good.”
“You don’t have any secret burning ambitions?”
“I’m pretty ambitious,” I grinned mischievously.  “Last night I had high hopes of getting you out on a date and look where we are.”
“That’s the sum total of your aspirations?”
“Oh, well, of course not…there’s…no, don’t really want that,” I pretended to ponder some more, “of course there’s also…hmm…no that doesn’t appeal to me either…I guess you and me on a date just about covers it.  I’m good.”
Mary giggled…a sound I never expected to hear from her.
The thrill of pleasure that ran through me was hard to explain.  Mary gave such a good impression of the stern librarian most of the time, I figured she’d be kicking my irreverent butt to the curb pretty darn quick, but that one sound…that was all the assurance I needed that I just might last longer than that.
Although it most likely was a slim one, it looked like I stood a chance with her.
A chance for what, I had no idea, but I decided not to examine that too closely too soon.  I already felt like it was all too much too fast…I had to try to pace myself for what looked like could be the long haul.
“So no desire for tons of money or power or fame…?”
For a moment, I studied her face.  Even though she obviously wanted to hide it, I could tell that my answer meant something to her.  My heart took a dive as I realized that I’d gotten my hopes up too soon.  My lack of ambition could very possibly kill any hope I had with her before we’d even begun.
I could feel my face shifting from my usual happy-go-lucky expression into foreign territory.  Depression had never darkened my doorstep before, even during the worst times with Tammy or the nastiest moments in Africa, but I realized with a shock that depression was standing on my front porch about to ring the doorbell.
As much as I’d rather ignore that particular doorbell, in the end, I wasn’t sure I’d have a choice.  
Maybe our relationship had been doomed from the start because I was flawed in a way women couldn’t handle…cursed without any drive to overachieve, or even achieve…content to stay in a job I liked and that gave me enough money and free time to have fun.
Granted, Mary attracted me more than any other woman ever had, but I wasn’t going to change that much for any woman.  I’d learned my lesson the hard way.  Being totally miserable was no way for me to live, and I was not about to invite another ‘Tammy’ into my life.  I’d never survive it.
“Mary,” I said with unaccustomed seriousness, “as attracted to you as I am—and believe me when I tell you I’ve never felt like this about any woman ever before—I’m not going to change who I am for you or anybody else.  Money, power, fame…” I said the last with a sneer in my voice that I couldn’t seem to control, “those are the least of my priorities.  In fact, for me, they’re non-priorities.  I’m sorry if those things are important to you, but…”
“They’re not,” she interrupted quickly.  “I just…I was with somebody for a while that…he…we had different goals in life and…”
I closed my eyes and exhaled in relief, “Thank goodness.”
“It sounds like your attitude towards those things is even worse than mine,” she said in surprise.
“Well, let’s just say I’ve had my brush with fame and I didn’t like it.  We should probably leave it at that.  So, what about you?”
“Same,” she answered reluctantly.  “It isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.”
“Now you’ve got me curious,” I admitted, grinning.  “You tell me about your brush with fame and I’ll tell you about mine.  Or is it the book you mentioned that you wrote and self-published…?”
“I…uh…I’m not ready to talk about that,” she hedged, “at least, not yet.”
“Yeah, come to think of it, I’m too young to die.”
“What?” Mary’s eyes opened wide in shock.  “What do you mean?”
“Don’t worry,” I said watching her curiously, wondering what could have caused that violent of a reaction, “he wouldn’t kill me…not exactly…just torture me for a while.”
“Oh,” she mumbled self-consciously, “you were talking about you…” 
“You can trust me.  Whatever happened to you…well…I just want you to know that I’m here for you.  Tell me or don’t…your decision…but I’m not going anywhere.”  
“Thank you,” Mary whispered.
“So,” I said standing, “Since I’m planning to be around for a while, unless you call the cops on me and get a restraining order or some such nonsense, we have plenty of time…no hurry.”
“You don’t mind?”
“We’ve known each other for a day.  I think the rule is that you’re allowed at least two days before you have to spill your guts to me.  C’mon, let’s get out of here.  I’ve heard a rumor that there are some locks that need installing.”
“I’ve heard that rumor, too,” Mary said with a tentative smile.
If that’s her low wattage smile then boy am I in trouble.
I sighed heavily, reluctantly dragging my eyes away from her kissable pink lips and forcing myself to focus on the trash on our table.  
I’m a goner.

Chapter 16
Mary

“Hey, you didn’t eat much,” Ricky noted as we piled our trash onto the tray.  “I should have asked where you wanted to eat,” he added in self-disgust.  “Sorry about that.”
“Oh, no,” I hastened to reassure him, “hamburgers are as good as anything…”
“You just don’t like eating out,” he finished for me.
“It’s not that,” I said quickly, “I just don’t do bread.  I’m sorry about wasting your money…”
“Bread is cheap, and you don’t have to worry about me pulling that ‘there are children starving in Africa’ crap…I was there and I know for a fact that you not eating your hamburger bun isn’t going to keep any of them from starving.”
“That never made sense to me, either.”
“I just want to make sure you got enough to eat.  If not, I could order you another hamburger sans bun…”
“I’m stuffed, Ricky, I promise.  That was a lot of meat.”
“So basically you ate a hamburger salad.  I’ve known a bunch of women who claimed to be vegetarians, but can’t say I’ve ever met one who hated bread.”
“I don’t hate bread,” I hedged, “it’s just not…good for me.”
I stood and reached for the tray, but Ricky nabbed it before I could and quickly emptied it into a nearby trashcan.
“I need a second to…um…use the ladies room.”
“Probably need to wash the hamburger smell off my hands,” Ricky held his hands up to his nose and sniffed.  “Otherwise, I’ll end up attracting every dog in the state…and probably a whole lot of other less desirable creatures, too.  I’ll meet you back out here when you’re done.”
As I stood at the sink in the restroom, staring at myself in the mirror, I wondered what I should do.  
Ricky was so understanding and, even though we hadn’t known each other long, it almost felt like we’d known each other forever.  I’d never experienced the overwhelming urge to confide in anyone before, but it had taken every last bit of willpower to keep from blurting out my whole sorry story to him.
It had been so long since I’d felt close to anyone.  My loneliness constantly threw me into a state of depression, but I’d managed to stave it off the past couple of years…although just barely at times.  After spending time with Ricky, though, I knew it would get even worse unless I let him into my life.
Could I risk it?
I wanted to so badly I could practically taste it, but I had no confidence in my own ability to judge someone’s credibility.  The last time I’d trusted someone, it had turned out worse than I’d ever imagined anything could have.
Then, of course, there was also the possibility that by telling him, I’d be putting him in danger.  That was the last thing I wanted.
Sighing softly, I decided I’d just have to play it by ear.  I hated doing that.  My personality railed against that idea…against anything that smacked of spur-of-the-moment…but I had no other option.
Well, no option other than pushing Ricky away…and I knew I didn’t have the strength to do that.
My new motto…play it by ear.
I just hoped I could avoid hitting any sour notes.

Chapter 17
Ricky

“Ricky,” Mary began tentatively as soon as I slid into the driver’s seat, “There are a few things you should know before we return to my house.”
“Lay it on me, babe,” I teased as I turned the key.
Night had fallen and the temperature had turned cold.  February in Texas could range anywhere from below freezing temperatures to ninety degrees—and I loved that about it—but with the warmth of the shining sun heating up the day, neither Mary nor I had worn a jacket.  As the sun dipped behind the burger joint, and the air cooling down again, I figured I’d better get the heater in the pickup going.
Although I had a blanket folded up on the back seat—something my mom and dad always insisted on, being from South Dakota where the winters were much harsher—the temperature wasn’t cold enough to warrant pulling that out just yet.
Actually, I’d much rather use body heat to warm us up, but I was pretty sure she wouldn’t go for that type of thing.
Hopefully later, and not too much later.
“Do you want to sit here or head home while we talk?”
“Here, if you don’t mind.  I just wasn’t comfortable discussing…well…what I’m about to tell you, while we were in a public place.”
“Whatever you need, sweetheart,” I grinned boyishly as I turned to face her.  “It’s all good.  So, what’s on your mind?”
Watching the struggle on her face, I could see that she hadn’t decided for sure how much to confide in me.  I didn’t blame her.  Even though I already felt like I’d known her forever, it didn’t necessarily follow that she felt the same way about me.
“I don’t suppose it would help if I told you that you can trust me,” I offered hopefully, like saying it out loud would make her believe it.  “Anything you tell me is just between us.”
“Like the self-published thing…?”
“Is that a secret?”
“It is,” she replied firmly, meeting my eyes.
“Then my lips are sealed,” I winked, adding, “unless of course you wanna make-out…I’d unseal ‘em for that.”
In the fading light, a faint blush tinged her cosmetic free cheeks.
“You’re awfully cute when you’re embarrassed,” I leaned towards her and trailed my fingers down the side of her face.  “You’re just awfully cute no matter what you do.”
“You’re not making this easy,” Mary half-heartedly scolded me.
“Sorry,” I said—not really meaning it—before pulling back to my side of the cab, “carry on speaking.”
Mary closed her eyes and blurted out, “I think my house is bugged.”
“Bugged…?” I repeated, “…as in a listening device or as in you need to call the exterminator…?”
“I know you’re probably going to think I’m being melodramatic and that those types of things only happen in movies…”
If only she knew.
She’d never believe all the melodrama my family had been through since discovering that Drew was Jake Wright’s biological son.  Even before that, once Drew had taken on the role of Agent Jack Knight and created Mitch Hunter, his alter ego, our whole life had been turned upside down.
And Jake…well…Jake Wright was melodrama-come-to-life with his secret agent spy stuff.
Add that to the fact that Jake and Drew knew Ashley long before Mark had even met her…well…I’d just about decided that she’d been a secret agent, too…especially after watching her with all that kung fu business.  An Amazon had nothing on Ashley.
Then there was Fresco, a friend of Ashley’s, who hands-down had to be one of the scariest looking guys I’d ever laid eyes on…
Suddenly, all of yesterday’s events began to take on new meaning.  
Per Ashley’s request, Fresco had followed Mary home, meanwhile, Mary’s home had been invaded, and as a result, a couple of policemen had apparently decided to camp out behind Mary’s house.
And Mark obviously knew more than he was saying…
Leaning towards her again so I could see her eyes, I asked softly, “Why do you think you’re being bugged?” 
“I know it’s crazy,” she said, bowing her head.
“Mary,” I gently lifted her chin with my index finger, “believe me when I tell you that I don’t think it’s crazy.  Just begin at the beginning and tell me everything.”
“Everything…?  I don’t know…” 
“There is something weird going on, but last night I convinced myself that it was just my imagination.  If we both spill whatever we know, maybe we can figure out what’s happening.”
“So it’s not me being all paranoid…?”
“It may all just be a fluke, but those police officers pointing a gun at me and then staking out your house…”
“Staking out my house…?  What do you mean?”
“When we left, a squad car was parked in the alley behind your house.  Maybe a coincidence, but I’m beginning to think…not so much.”
“They never asked if anything was missing,” Mary whispered fearfully.
“What?”
“Those two police officers,” she said with more volume, “they never asked if anything was missing…in my house…after the guy broke in.  It was almost as if…as if…”
“As if they knew nothing had been taken,” I finished for her.  “Was anything missing?”  
“No.”
“Is that why you think your house is bugged?  You think that’s why the guy broke in…?”
“It sounds crazy…I know…but…”
“Was anything moved around or messed up?
“No, everything was exactly the way I left it.”
“Maybe they just assumed he didn’t have time to do anything since everything looked so…neat.”
“Maybe,” she said skeptically chewing on her bottom lip.
Now’s not the time, I reproached myself silently as my eyes zeroed in on her lips.
The urge to kiss her almost took over as I leaned towards her, but at the last minute, I managed to pull myself back.
 “You’re gonna draw blood if you don’t stop gnawing on that bottom lip,” I said instead.
“What?” she glanced up absently.  “Oh…sorry…bad habit…”
She was quiet for a minute and then suddenly asked, “Can I really trust you?”
I wondered if she somehow knew what I’d been thinking and that I’d almost kissed her, but then I realized she was talking about the other thing…the break-in thing.  My distinct lack of concentration seemed to be growing in direct proportion to the amount of time we spent together.  I tried to steer my uncooperative brain back on track, but all I could think about was how soft her lips looked.
A wicked thought suddenly occurred to me.
“Of course you can trust me,” I reproached. “I’d never kiss you unless I thought it was what you wanted, too.”
“Kiss me…?” she repeated in shock.
“Okay, if you insist,” I grinned and leaned forward, lightly placing my lips on hers, barely moving them—just enough to draw a response—before slowly withdrawing.
I didn’t want to scare her off, after all.
Mary gasped softly and her hand flew up to her mouth.
“Why did you do that?” she whispered wide-eyed.
“Because we’re having an important discussion,” I said in all seriousness.
“That makes no sense whatsoever.”
“Sure it does.  How the heck am I supposed to concentrate on what your irresistible lips are telling me if I can’t think of anything but how soft they look?”
“Irresistible…?”
“Irresistible,” I assured her.  “So now…about the bug in your house…”
“You planned that…?  I mean, you couldn’t have known what I was going to say…could you?”
“You tend to repeat phrases, especially the ones that shock you.  You do the math…”
“Another bad habit,” Mary shot me a rueful half-smile.  “So, what’s the verdict?”
“The verdict…?”
“Are they as soft as you thought?” Mary asked with a perfectly straight face, but at the same time a mischievous look in her eyes.
I laughed out loud.
“Well,” I pretended to ponder trying to keep the goofy grin off my face and failing miserably, “it was kinda quick.  The whole thing might require further investigation.”
“I doubt I’ll be so easily fooled into agreeing next time,” Mary warned.
“Oh, but by the time I get around to kissing you again, there’ll be no trickery involved.  I’ll have you eating out of my hand.”
“In your dreams,” Mary scoffed.
“There too,” I nodded agreeably.  

Chapter 18
Mary

For a moment, we simply sat gazing into each other’s eyes, like some sort of corny romance novel, but nothing about the situation felt corny to me.
Ricky’s soft, sweet, and way-too-short kiss had shocked me to the core, but in an amazingly good way.  The electricity that his one kiss had sent shooting through my whole body left me wanting more, but afraid to ask…afraid he’d get the wrong idea.
Or the right one.
The attraction I’d felt for Ricky the previous night had grown by leaps and bounds during the day as we spent more and more time together, and I found it hard to believe we’d just met.
Nothing in my twenty-five years of life had prepared me for the mix-mash of emotions scorching through me.  Duncan, in the whole three months we’d spent in each other’s company, had never touched my heart as Ricky already had in less than a day.
But Duncan isn’t nice, I reminded myself, in fact, Duncan is a horrid travesty of a human being.
I knew that a lot of women thought ‘nice’ wasn’t sexy or hot, but it was…both sexy and hot.  My nightmare experience with Duncan had taught me that, at least.
Although I hated to admit it, with Duncan, I had been needy…and that had left me ripe for exploitation.  Duncan used women for his own gain, and I’d idiotically let him use me…had practically begged him to use me.
Growing up fat in a world that worshipped thin, I’d possessed zero self-esteem and had never even been kissed before I met Duncan…and Duncan had read me like an open book and taken advantage of that knowledge.
Ricky obviously could read women, too, but that didn’t worry me.  Even though I couldn’t have said how I knew…there was no doubt in my mind that Ricky was as different from Duncan as night and day.  Ricky would never intentionally hurt anyone.
My trust issues had been with me for years, even before Duncan, but with Ricky they just seemed…silly.  Never in a million years would I ever have believed it could happen so quickly, that I could feel that close to someone in such a short amount of time, but it had…and I was oddly enough quite okay with it.
“So,” Ricky cleared his throat as he broke eye contact, “who all has a key to your house?”
“What…?” I shook my head to clear it.
“The break-in…someone had a key or else they picked the lock.”
“Officer Lancet said there was no sign of forced entry and asked me the same question, about who I’d given a key to, so he obviously didn’t think somebody had picked the lock.”
“I think we should probably take most of what Lancet says with, as my mom would say, a grain of salt,” Ricky suggested.  “No signs of forced entry could mean the guy had a key or it could just mean he had the right equipment and expertise to pick the lock without leaving a trace of anything that would appear to be more than the normal wear and tear.”
“I think the guy had a key.”
“Why?”
“Something happened at the gym last night and I…um…I don’t know how to tell you this…” I said wringing my hands.
“Does it have anything to do with that woman knocking you down?”
“You’re really going to think I’m nuts now.”
“We’re past the ‘nuts’ stage, Mary,” Ricky took my hands in his.  “You can tell me anything…then we’ll try to figure out what it means.”
“When I was in the locker room, that woman psychiatrist, Rachel, started talking to me and then a woman hit me from behind and pushed me into the lockers.”
“The same woman from the hallway…?”
“How did you know?”
“Just an educated guess…so, twice within a short period of time…I suppose she could just be a major klutz…”
“I thought that, too, and just assumed it was an accident, both that one and the hallway thing, until…”
“Until…?”
“Until I remembered that there was no way Ashley should have been able to hand me my keys, because…because…”
“Your keys weren’t in your purse,” Ricky finished for me.
“That’s right,” I said in surprise.  “How…?”
“I noticed you had them in your front jean pocket when we left the house, and since you’re obviously a suspicious kind of woman, I figured you probably keep your keys close.” 
“I do.  They were zipped into a small pocket in my sweat pants when the class started.”
“Do you think that woman picked your pocket when she shoved you?”
“I’ve thought about it a lot—I can’t seem to stop thinking about it—and I’ve come to the conclusion that she couldn’t have.”
“Why not?”
“She hit me from my left side and the pocket is on my right, so even if she was the best pickpocket in the world, I think I would have noticed her reaching across my body and unzipping that pocket.”
“Did anyone besides Fresco touch you during the class?”
“Not that I know of, and I’m fairly certain I would have noticed.”
“You don’t much like physical contact,” Ricky nodded then shot me another grin as he squeezed my hands, “Except for me, that is.”
“Now who’s the one that needs a steamer trunk?”
“Steamer trunk…?”
“I’m thinking even a steamer trunk won’t be able to hold your ego for much longer,” I feigned concern.  “It seems to be growing all out of proportion to one little peck on the lips.”
“Peck on the lips, eh…” Ricky leaned towards me.  “We’ll see about that.”
Slipping a hand out of his grasp, I reached up and put my index finger on his lips, pushing him back towards his side of the pickup.
“No you don’t,” I warned.  “We still have a lot to talk about and it’s getting late.”
“Fine,” Ricky said in a longsuffering tone, “but if I have trouble concentrating on those locks…”
“I’m sure you’ll do just fine,” I said soothingly patting him on the shoulder.
“Humph,” Ricky snorted, “you don’t know your own power.”
“Ricky,” I dropped my hand from his shoulder and withdrew my other one from his lips, “I admit I’ve never felt quite like this about anyone before, but can we take it slowly?”
“Define slowly.”
“I…um…I’ve never…I don’t want you to think that I’m…easy,” I stammered.
“Ah…” Ricky nodded, a huge grin on his face.  “Well, since you mentioned that you were at church this morning, I kind of figured you for the ‘wait until the wedding night’ type of girl.”
“Do you mind?”
“What I’m about to tell you can’t leave this room,” Ricky leaned towards me lowering his voice, “or maybe I should say ‘leave this cab’.”
“What?” I asked in alarm.
Ricky chuckled softly and said, “I believe in waiting, too.”
“You mean you’ve never…?”
“Nope,” Ricky shook his head, a half-smile lifting one corner of his lips, “not once…my momma done raised me right.”
“Really…?”
“Are you calling my manhood into question or just my honesty?”
“I would never do that!” I exclaimed in mortification covering my mouth with my hands.
“I’m sorry, Mary,” Ricky chuckled as he once more took possession of my hands peeling them away from my face, “I just can’t seem to resist teasing you.”
Meeting his eyes, I asked irritably, “So you know I wasn’t doing either one, don’t you?”
“Yes, my sweet,” Ricky turned my hands over and kissed the insides of each of my wrists, “I know you weren’t doing either one.”
“You’re mean,” I accused without conviction, breathless at the feel of his lips against my skin.
“So I’ve been told,” he acknowledged good-naturedly as he finished with my wrists and leaned towards me, “let me make it up to you.”
Deciding that two could play at that game, I moved to meet him, stopping my lips an inch short of his and whispered in what I hoped was a convincingly sexy manner, “Install my locks, sweet cheeks, and we’ll call it even.”
For a moment, Ricky froze, his eyes widening in surprise at my audacity before deliberately moving closer until our lips barely touched.
“Game on, girlfriend,” he murmured, “game is definitely on.”

Chapter 19
Ricky

As I drove towards Mary’s house, I debated. 
Ask…don’t ask…ask…don’t ask…
Finally, I decided I had to risk it.  I had to ask her.  I had to know.
And she wasn’t going to like me very much.
After our last teasing exchange, though, I had hope that she wouldn’t immediately throw me out on my butt.
In the end, after taking a deep breath, I simply blurted it out…the question that had been on my mind since she’d told me she thought her house had been bugged…the question I’d avoided even thinking much less asking…the question I had to know the answer to before we took our relationship any further…the question I knew she wouldn’t want to answer yet…the question she had to answer for my peace of mind…  
 “Why would someone bug your house, Mary?”
I heard her quick indrawn breath, and knew my instincts were right…she was hiding something…something so scary or dangerous or both that she’d completely shut out every other person on the planet.  Her behavior was finally beginning to make sense.
The funny thing was, even though we hadn’t know each other long, I had no doubt that Mary was the innocent party.  That much I knew.
“Are you in danger?” I asked, breaking the silence that had followed my original question.
I heard her swallow hard and then whisper, “Yes.”
“Damn,” I mumbled.
“I’m sorry I involved you,” she said in a teary voice.  “I didn’t mean to…I shouldn’t have let you in when you showed up on my porch, but I just…”
“That’s not why I’m ticked off, sweetheart.  I’m worried about you.  Can you tell me what’s going on?”
“I...I…I don’t know if I should.”  
“I understand,” I said with forced calm.  “You don’t trust me…”
“It’s not that,” she broke in hastily.  “For some reason I know I can trust you, but what if by telling you I’m putting you in danger, too?”
“An irate and possibly corrupt police officer had a Glock pointed at my heart…I think it’s safe to say that it’s too late to worry about that.”
“I am so so sorry.”
“Just tell me what’s really going on here.”
“Okay, look,” Mary laid a hand on my arm, “I know this feels like the nightmare where you never get where you’re going, but we can’t talk at my house if there’s a chance someone’s listening.”
“Then where?”
“I think I know a place…take a right here.”
“You’re the boss,” I said obligingly hanging a right.
“And make sure nobody’s following us.”
“Now that sounds like fun,” I grinned and accelerated through a yellow light.  “Hang on.”

Chapter 20
Mary

“So, where are we?” Ricky asked, as he cut the engine.
“Rockpointe Lake,” I informed him as I unbuckled my seatbelt and opened my door.
“Wait for me to come around,” he ordered as he reached into the glove box and pulled out a flashlight.  “I want to make sure there aren’t any snakes.”
“Snakes…?” I repeated in alarm.
“This is Texas,” he said before sliding out of the pickup.
“But it’s cold,” I pointed out as soon as he appeared at my door to help me down.
“Even a cold rattlesnake will bite you if you accidentally step on it,” Ricky said in amusement, “Or if you somehow manage to disturb its hibernation.”
I shuddered.
“What do we do if we see one?”
“You’re more likely to hear it, but regardless, I’d strongly suggest we calmly turn and walk away…and not slowly.”
“I thought you weren’t supposed to run from snakes…”
“As you so eloquently pointed out, it’s cold.  Snakes don’t like the cold.  It slows them down considerably, so I’m pretty sure we could outrun it.  So…now what do we do?”
“Would it be safe to walk down by the lake?” 
“Sure…I won’t let anything happen to you, but first…hang on a sec.”
He stuck his head back into the pickup and reached over into the back seat of the crew cab, pulling out a wool blanket.
“With the sun gone, I thought you might need this,” he explained as he unfolded the blanket and threw it around my shoulders.  “Snakes aren’t the only ones who feel the cold.”
“Thanks,” I whispered, my throat clogging up with unfamiliar emotions.
It had been a long time since anyone had cared enough to worry about me—not since my parents’ death—and it felt wonderful.
“All part of the service.  Stay directly behind me and try to step where I step.  I’ll pick a path with the shortest weeds.”
After we got down to the lake, I realized there was no good place to sit.  Apparently, I hadn’t thought things out too well—privacy my only concern—and I felt a bit foolish as I realized we’d probably have to stand the whole time we talked.
However, I hadn’t taken Ricky’s sense of adventure into consideration.
“This looks like a likely spot,” he pronounced in satisfaction as he examined an uninspiring bare area of ground.  “It’s level and dry…yep…this’ll do just fine.”
“Do for what?”
“Our make-out session, of course,” Ricky replied in feigned surprise.  “What else?”
I burst out laughing.  I couldn’t help it.
“That’s better.  Now, as I see it, you have two choices.  Number one—you can stay wrapped in the blanket and we can sit on the dirt while we talk or number two—we can spread the blanket on the ground and I can keep you warm while we talk.”
Leaning closer to me so I could see his mock leer, Ricky added, “I have to say, I’d pick number two myself, but it’s your call.”
Stifling another laugh, I pasted my serious librarian look on my face as I pretended to ponder.
“Hmm…tough choice,” I murmured tapping my index finger on my lips.  “Let me think…”
“Aw, man!” Ricky placed his hand over his heart and fixed a pained expression on his face.  “I’m wounded that you’d even consider the first option.”
I couldn’t help the smile creeping across my face as I silently removed the blanket from my shoulders and handed it to him.
“Now that’s more like.”
He quickly grabbed my offering—as if afraid I’d change my mind—and then spread it on the ground.
“Milady…”
Taking my hand, he bowed over it and kissed the back of it before lowering me to the blanket.
As he joined me, my heart fluttered madly against my breastbone and my whole body felt like it was on fire.  For a brief moment, I thought I’d do something silly like faint or hyperventilate, but instead, I closed my eyes and forced myself to breathe…just breathe…
Per his promise, Ricky matched the length of his body and legs to mine and wrapped both arms around me, pulling me firmly back against his chest.  Never in my life had I felt so warm, so safe, so protected, and so excited all at the same time.
“Now, my sweet,” he murmured against my hair, “you may begin.”
The problem was, cocooned in Ricky’s arms, coherency had suddenly become a problem.  My brain couldn’t seem to focus on anything but him and my body’s uncontrollable response to him.
“I can’t think with you holding me like this,” I sighed and snuggled deeper into his chest.
“A problem I can relate to,” Ricky agreed tightening his arms around me.  “Try to focus…because I need to know what’s going on, but I don’t plan to let go of you any time soon.”
 Attempting to ignore my stomach’s lurch at his words, I took a few breaths and focused as best I could on what to say.  Since I’d never told anyone what I was about to reveal to Ricky, I couldn’t figure out exactly how to present it without sounding nuts.  Although, as farfetched as my story would probably sound, my presentation might make little difference to how he reacted.
“I’m not sure where to start.  I guess I’ll just blurt it out all at once and then you can ask questions…okay?”
“Blurt away…”
“When I was living in New York, I got involved with someone…well…famous and then found out he was just using me.”
Ricky stiffened, “Did he rape you?”
“No…no,” I hastened to assure him, “nothing like that…he never tried anything physical, he didn’t have to.  I was so infatuated with him, all he had to do was give me an occasional peck on the cheek and I did whatever he wanted me to do.  I thought it was because he respected me, but now I realize he never really wanted me…just what I could do for him.”
“How was he using you?”
“He stole my work…and I let him.”
“What kind of work?”
“A few years ago, I entered a writing contest and even though I didn’t win, a man approached me about 6 months later…a famous writer…and he said he’d read my work and that I had talent and he could help me get traditionally published.”
“But he didn’t.”
“No, he took my first novel and published it under his own name…said that the publishing company insisted…and I let him convince me that was the thing to do, even though I knew deep down it wasn’t.  He said nobody would ever be interested in a nonentity like me so first we had to prove I could write and then we would let the public know that I was the real genius behind the book.  He assured me that type of thing went on all the time.”
“He never made good on his promise…?”
“After my first book made the best seller list under his name, he insisted that I had to write another one so I could prove to the world I wasn’t just a fluke so, like an idiot, I started the second one.  I finished it in record time…only took me a month…and in my excitement, as soon as I’d typed ‘The End’, I went to find him at his usual hangout, a nightclub where you can’t get in unless you’re wealthy or famous.  The only reason they let me in was because I’d been there with Duncan before and they recognized me.”
“Duncan…?”
“Duncan Fletcher,” I admitted reluctantly.
“So that’s a name I should recognize?”
“He’s a well-known author.”
“Fiction…?”
“Yes, he writes mystery and suspense novels,” I said adding, “actually that’s not exactly accurate.  He doesn’t write them, other people do…”
“Well, that explains why I’ve never heard of him,” I could feel Ricky shrug.  “I don’t read fiction.”
“Anyway, I was almost to Duncan’s special booth at the nightclub when I heard my name…and the way he said it…it sounded like he hated me.  At first, all I could do was stand there gaping, but the more I heard, the more I knew I needed to hear all of it.  I’d never intentionally eavesdropped on anybody before, but I slipped behind the booth to hide and listened to him and his agent.  That’s when I learned the truth…he was using me just like he’d used a lot of other people before me.”
“He’d done it before?  But how could he steal other people’s work and get away with it?  Surely somebody would have had the guts to blow the whistle on him.”
“That’s just it, none of them lived to tell about it.”
“What?  You mean…”
“After he’s done with them, Duncan has them killed.”
“That’s…that’s…unbelievable.”
“I know.  I didn’t believe it myself at first…I think I was in shock.”
“You actually heard him say that?  In a public place…?”
“I think he was drunk, which wasn’t normal for him, but I’d called and told him earlier that day that I was really close to finishing the book, so it sounded like he and his agent were celebrating.”
“And he said he was gonna kill you…?”
I wasn’t surprised by the stunned disbelief in Ricky’s voice…it mirrored my own response exactly.
“He said that just like the others, I won’t live to tell about it,” I said shrugging helplessly.
“And his agent is definitely in on it?”
“Yes,” I whispered.
“And you’re sure you didn’t just misunderstand them…that they didn’t mean it literally…?”
“There was a girl—somebody he’d been seen with—she overdosed right before he approached me, and the police questioned him about it.  I think he did it…I think he had her killed.  I mean, Duncan didn’t mention her by name or anything, but he said something about maybe I was a drug addict, too.  Then his agent said that would be too obvious and that Duncan’s friend wouldn’t use the same method twice in a row.  I couldn’t hear everything, but I heard enough.”
“Damn, Mary…what if he finds you?  You’re a witness…I mean, I know there are a lot of Mary Smiths out there, but all he’d have to do was search for your social security number…”
“My real name isn’t Mary Smith,” I admitted hoarsely, “it’s Miriam Sanderson, and I think he already has…found me, that is.  Or at least his friend has…the one who does the killing…”
“You mean the break-in…?  But if he’s found you, why hasn’t he tried to kill you?  Why just bug your place?”
“I don’t think he knows it’s me for sure.”
“How could he not know it’s you?”
“He probably would if he got close enough, but…”
“I don’t understand.”
“Well…I…um…I used to look different,” I hedged.  “So from a distance, or if he just showed his friend pictures, they wouldn’t be sure it was me.”
“Just how long ago was this?  Were you a kid?”  
“No, it was less than two years ago.”
“Okay then what happened?  Did you drastically change your hair or your makeup…?”
“No, not exactly…”
“I’m pretty sure you’re more memorable than you realize,” Ricky said gently.  “I mean, how could anybody forget someone with your looks after just two years.”
“I haven’t always…um…looked like this.  You wouldn’t have…well…you wouldn’t have liked me very much before…”
“Please do not tell me you were a man who’s had a sex change,” Ricky demanded.
“No!” I exclaimed in shock.  “Nothing like that…”
“Then what, Mary?  Just tell me.”
“I was fat,” I blurted out.
Silence…
Closing my eyes, I tried to squash the tears I could feel building, threatening to erupt.  Every rejection I’d ever suffered in my life, all put together, would be nothing compared to the rejection I’d suffer if Ricky couldn’t accept the girl I’d been…the girl I could become again if I failed to control my appetite for food.
For me, it was a daily struggle, and I feared it would always be so.  I just prayed Ricky would be able to see past that and see the real me…not just the surface me…but the fat me that lived inside.
Finally, Ricky set me away from him and then turned me around to face him.  Placing his index finger under my chin, he lifted until our eyes met.
“If I weren’t so good-natured, I’m pretty sure I’d resent the fact that you think I’m shallow.”
I stiffened and pulled away, “I’m not fat now, so I guess we’ll never know…unless of course I get fat again, which could very well happen, by the way…just in case you’re wondering.”
“Wait a minute…last night, you think I was attracted to you because of your body?”
“Weren’t you?” I challenged.
“In those yucky gray sweat bottoms and oversized white t-shirt…which, by the way, did nothing for you…?  You’ve gotta be kiddin’ me.  Not likely, sweetheart.”
“Okay, then what exactly was it that grabbed your attention?”
“Did you know, in that whole roomful of people—most of which were running on nervous energy and anxious to laugh at just about anything that moved—only two people never even cracked a smile, no matter how outrageous my running commentary got?  I mean, even Dr. Shrink smiled occasionally, and he’s a tough audience.”
“Only two…?”
“Yep…care to hazard a guess as to which two?”
“Fresco…”
“Fresco’s a no-brainer…and…?”
“Me…”
“You’re batting a thousand, lover girl.”
“Okay…so I never cracked a smile…so what?”
“So, I have this compulsion, you see, and I’ve long given up trying to control it.”
“What type of compulsion?”
“Whenever I’m in a group of people, I feel the need to…um…how to put this delicately…?”
“Show off…?  Grab the spotlight…?  Clown around…?”
“Make everybody feel comfortable…and darling, I’m here to tell you…you and Fresco were the most uncomfortable people in the whole gym last night.”
“I was not!”
“You’re in denial, sweetie,” Ricky said with a half smile.  “The more I watched you last night to see if I could get any kind of reaction out of you, the more I noticed things…like your gorgeous golden eyes, your cute little nose, those full pink serious lips that beg to smile or be kissed, and then there’s the way you looked fragile and tough all at the same time…”
“I’m not fragile…” I protested.
“But the one thing I never really paid attention to was your figure…it was kinda hidden.  Now today, when I finally caught a glimpse of your…um…physical attributes, I have to say…wow!”
“You really noticed all of those things?” I asked tremulously.
“I really did,” Ricky released one of my hands and reached up to tug a stray strand of hair behind my ears.  “Then, the one time I caught you almost smiling, I suddenly knew what my mission in life was.”
“Your mission in life…?”
“My mission in life, my dear sweet little Mary, is to make you so deliriously happy that you can’t keep the smile off your face.”
“But we just met…”
“I know…scary isn’t it.  And you know what the scariest part of it all is?”
“No, but I’m sure you’re going to tell me.”
“Bet your cute little honey buns, I am…the scariest part of all is that I’m not scared.”
“That makes no sense whatsoever.”
“Sure it does…I’m not scared of the scariest part which is being not scared, which of course makes that the scariest part.  Makes perfect sense.”
“To a lunatic maybe…”
“Sanity is overrated and not something I’ve ever laid claim to possessing.”
“Ricky…”
“I look into your eyes, my Mary, and I see sadness and loneliness…and fear—which you’ve now explained—but at the same time I see a kindred spirit…one that understands my sense of humor…even though you refuse to admit I’m hilarious.  And for some reason, although I’ve seen the same things in tons of other people’s eyes, in your beautiful golden-flecked eyes that can’t seem to make up their minds what color they want to be when they grow up, it’s different.  Your eyes touch me and speak to me in a way no one else’s ever has.  I can’t explain it, I just know that it’s there…and I think you feel it, too.”
“I do,” I whispered.
“Good,” Ricky smiled and pulled me into his warm, comforting arms once again.
As I snuggled deeper and lay my face against his broad chest, feeling one of his hands on my back and the other in my hair as he gently stroked it, I felt content and happy for the first time in years.
“They’re hazel,” I murmured.
“What?”
“My eyes, they’re hazel eyes…they change depending on my surroundings.  If I wear green, they turn greenish…that type of thing.  I believe that’s another reason Duncan isn’t sure I’m the girl he used to know.  In my vanity, I always wore green around him because I’ve always thought my green eyes were my best feature.  Now, I never wear green.”
“Not even on St. Paddy’s day?” Ricky teased.
“Not even then.”
Ricky sighed heavily.
“You think Mark and Ashley are involved, don’t you?  That’s why you keep asking me about them.”
“I’m sorry,” I shook my head against his chest, “I know you consider them friends…”
“It’s not just that.  There are things you don’t understand…things I’m not supposed to tell anyone, but…oh hell…I have to tell you, even though I’ll be toast if they ever find out I told you before I marry you.”
“Before you marry me…?” I pulled back from Ricky in shock.
“Look, there are some things I need to explain to you, but it’s all gonna have to wait because I’ll never get those locks installed at this rate.  With us, one thing leads to another and…”
“What do you mean, marry me?” I demanded again.
“You know that’s exactly where this is going, silly girl, so there’s no use acting all surprised.”
“Wait…you…you think you love me?”
“I’m on the fast track to it.  Aren’t you?”
“I’ve never felt like this before…and I admit, it scares me…but love…?”
“This is a new experience for both of us, I mean…look at me…I’ve never been serious for more than five minutes at any one time and here I’ve gone how long without actually cracking a joke…?”
“Ten minutes…?” I teased.
“Anyway, if I tell you that you can trust Mark, will you believe me?”
I thought about it for a minute and then made a decision.
“I trust your judgment, Ricky, so…yes…if you trust him then I will, too.”
“Good,” Ricky said as he stood up, pulling me with him.  “Now, we are definitely going to your house and put on those deadbolts and you’re going to put me on number one speed dial or I’m not leaving your side…ever…”
“I think I can manage that…on one condition…?”
“What condition?”
“That you call me every day so we can talk, because I know I’m going to miss you whenever we aren’t together and I’m rather old-fashioned and probably won’t be able to bring myself to call you unless it’s an emergency.”
“Honey, I’m gonna call you so much you’re gonna be begging me to stop.”
“I doubt that.”
“And when I’m not calling you, it’ll be because I’m at your place.”
“You’ll come see me…?”
“Every day.”
“But that’s so far to drive,” I protested half-heartedly.
“Nice effort,” Ricky chuckled, “but I know you want me to come.”
“I do.”
“Good, now let’s get those locks done.”

Chapter 21
Ricky

“Is that a gun?” Mary whispered in shock as I rooted around in my truck’s toolbox.
Cursing my carelessness, I redirected the beam of my flashlight.
“It’s not loaded,” I assured her as I located and pulled out my ½ inch 10 amp drill.  “Hold this,” I handed her the power tool as much to take her mind off my shotgun as anything else.
“Why do you have a gun?” she asked with obvious fear in her voice, taking my drill without paying attention to it.
Apparently, my attempt at distraction hadn’t worked.
“I actually own quite a few that I keep locked up at the shooting range, but I’ve had this shotgun since I was a kid,” I explained.  “I keep it around because it’s more of a souvenir of my childhood than a weapon.”
“Why is it in your pickup?”
“I don’t feel safe leaving it at my apartment when I’m not home, so I added extra locks to my truck’s toolbox and haul it around with me.”
“Can’t you get into trouble for that?” 
“I have a license to carry a concealed firearm, and I don’t ever park anywhere it would be illegal, so I’m probably okay.”  
“Probably…?”
“There are a few minor technicalities that could get me into trouble, but what’s life without a few risks.  Besides, I don’t have any shells for it.  As I said, I keep it for sentimental reasons from when I was a kid.”
“You’ve had it since you were a child?” she repeated in wonder.  “How old were you when you got it?”
“It was my tenth birthday,” I said calmly, realizing her reaction to that wouldn’t be nearly so calm.  “It was my first real one…before that I only had a BB gun.”
“You were ten years old?” she exclaimed in horror.  “What kind of parents gives a gun to a small child?”
“I grew up on a ranch, Mary.  I could ride as soon as I could walk and learned to shoot not too long afterwards.  Besides, it’s only a .410 bore.”
“But you still shoot things?”
“On the weekends,” I admitted.  “I like to make noise.”
“What kinds of things do you shoot?” she asked wide-eyed as I grabbed my smallest portable toolbox, lifted it out, and slammed the lid on my truck toolbox.
“Don’t worry,” I said as I secured the locks, “I only nailed Denise once or twice with it when we were kids.”
“You shot your sister?”
“She didn’t cry…much.”
“Ricky!”
“Besides, she deserved it.”
“Ricky!”
“I’m kidding, Mary,” I chuckled reaching into the pickup and pulling out the bag with the deadbolts in it.  “I can shoot the heck out of a soda can though, and I rock at skeet shooting.”
“So you’ve never killed anything?”
“I didn’t say that,” I hedged realizing she wouldn’t like my answer.
“So you have killed something?”
“We only killed for food or to protect our horses and livestock,” I assured her as I headed up the sidewalk to her house.
“What kinds of things have you killed?” she asked as she caught up to me, still carrying the drill.
“Coyotes, an occasional elk, quail, pheasant, a partridge in a pear tree…”
“I’m serious,” she protested.
“What else is new?” I sighed heavily as I set the toolbox and the sack down on her front stoop.  “Keys please…”
“What…oh…” 
Mary shifted the drill to just her left hand, and I winced as the plug smacked the concrete.  
“Oops,” she said sheepishly as she dug her keys out of her pocket and handed them to me, “sorry.”
“A man and his tools, Mary,” I said gravely as I took the keys from her and opened her front door, “have a very special bond.”
“I’ll do my best to remember that,” she promised just as solemnly as she reeled in the cord.
Leaning towards her, I quickly located and began to nibble on Mary’s ear as I whispered, “If your house really is bugged, and if those police dudes are involved, I’d rather not discuss any weapons I may or may not carry in my truck…okay?  No need to give them any extra incentives.”
I could feel Mary nodding as I pulled back slightly, and I noticed she had her lower lip trapped between her teeth again.
Unable to help myself, I slid a hand around the nape of Mary’s neck and urged her forward until our lips met.  For a moment, time stood still as our lips moved together…mine softly searching for a response and Mary’s tentatively obliging me with one.
Reluctantly pulling back, I kept my hand curled around her slender neck while my thumb lightly caressed her cheek.
“That lip biting is going to draw blood one of these days,” I murmured releasing her and gently propelling her into the house, thankful she hadn’t completely dropped my drill while I kissed her.
Who’d have ever thought that kissing would take precedence over the safety of my tools.  Go figure.
Suddenly, I understood Mark and Ashley a lot better…how Ashley’s cussing had eventually worked into an excuse to make-out all the time.  I had high hopes that Mary’s lip-biting would have the same effect.
It certainly had an effect on me.
Bending over to pick up my toolbox and the sack, whistling merrily, I followed Mary into the house.

Chapter 22
Mary

How have I spent my whole life not knowing Ricky, I thought wonderingly as I ran my fingers over my lips…the lips he’d just made love to.  
That was what it had felt like…like his lips making love to my lips.
Nothing I’d ever read about or written about came anywhere close to what I’d just experienced, and I felt an almost overwhelming urge to turn back around and throw myself into his arms.
I refrained, but just barely.
He had work to do, and I had a feeling that once we started something, we’d have a hard time stopping.  Our attraction was that powerful.
Maybe after the locks were done…  
I shivered in anticipation.
“Just set that drill down on the floor…carefully…” Ricky said from behind me as he set his own load down and turned to examine the door.  “I’m gonna leave your current locks alone and make all new holes for the ones we bought.  That way, anybody who wants in will have to really work at it.”
I set the drill down with extreme care, as requested, and then moved to stand behind him as he squatted down to take a closer look.
“The door’s really old.  Should I have a new one installed?”
“Nah, it may be old, but it’s solid core,” he stood and rapped on it.  “Might not be a bad idea to put up a security door here, though, and a storm door at the back since it faces south.  That would give you another layer of protection against intruders and the weather.  I’ll take some measurements before I leave and check some places in Dallas to see if it’s a standard-sized frame or a special order job.  Your storm windows are fairly new so I won’t worry about those…”
“Ricky, it’s so late.  You don’t have to…”
“Did you sleep much last night?” he interrupted.
“I slept…okay.”
“Well, I didn’t.  I worried about you all night, and after spending the day with you, I know I won’t get any sleep tonight unless I get these locks installed.”
“Thank you,” I whispered, reaching up to kiss him on the cheek.  
Ricky grinned from ear to ear as I stepped back and cleared my throat.  
“Would you like something to drink?” I asked as I turned towards the kitchen, hoping to hide my flushed skin.
“Whatcha got?”
“Tea, coffee, diet soda…”
“Coffee…” he called after me, “…black.”
I stood in the kitchen at the sink taking deep calming breaths before opening my cupboard and selecting a coffee mug.  Sticking it into my one-cupper coffee machine, I perused the sparse selection.  
“Hmmm….he doesn’t strike me as the hazelnut flavor kind of guy,” I murmured, “and he’s probably going to need the caffeine so…dark roast it is…”
As I stood watching the coffee stream into the cup, hearing Ricky moving around at the front door, I felt a rush of emotion for him.
Not only was I more attracted to him than anyone else I’d ever met, I could actually talk to him.  The connection he’d mentioned earlier definitely existed, and I could feel it growing stronger with every passing minute…no, make that second…that we spent together.
I didn’t question how that had come about, just accepted that it had.
And I was thankful…thankful that, for the first time in longer than I cared to remember, I wasn’t alone.
Ricky had done that for me.  In less than a day, Ricky had somehow managed to creep into my cold, dead heart and fill me with warmth and laughter and hope and joy…all the things I’d thought gone forever.
Last night, I’d put up a fight against the pull he had for me, but only a half-hearted one, because from the moment I’d heard Ricky utter that ridiculously clichéd question “What are we…chopped liver”, I’d been a goner and it had all snowballed downhill from there.
Even though I’d written about it in novels, I’d never actually believed in love at first sight—and I still didn’t, because love was something that needed tending and nourishing in order to flourish—but I’d discovered over the past twenty-four hours that I believed in connecting at first sight.
And, incredibly, it had happened to me.
What came next was up to us…to Ricky and to me…but if we both wanted it, I knew we could have it…have it all.  It was there for the taking.
However, only if we could survive Duncan Fletcher…and that was a gigantic ‘if’.

Chapter 23
Ricky

Once I got down to business and seriously inspected Mary’s current deadbolts, I reluctantly had to agree with Officer Lancet’s assessment…the locks showed no sign of tampering…just regular wear and tear.  That didn’t necessarily mean anything, but my gut was telling me that somebody had swiped Mary’s keys and made duplicates.
And Ashley had been the one to hand them back to her.  
Either the woman had dropped them in the hall when she realized she couldn’t get them into Mary’s purse, or she’d given them to Ashley.  Maybe the woman and Ashley were both in it together.
Something was obviously bothering Mark, so Ashley could be involved.
And Fresco…who’d suddenly appeared out of nowhere…who’d followed Mary home the night before…who’d put his hands all over Mary’s body…
Although that last part bothered me… a lot…the rest of it worried me even more.  I felt a chill work its way through me as I realized that the whole situation smacked of premeditation, and my friends could very possibly be involved.  
Mary returned with a steaming hot cup of coffee and set it on the foyer table.
“I’m about to start drilling,” I told her as I unbuttoned my dress shirt, shedding it in favor of the white short-sleeved tee underneath.  “Do you want to cover the floor with something to keep the sawdust off the tile?”
“Will it hurt it?”
“Nah…just make a mess.”
“Then go ahead…I’ll clean it up later.”
I spent the next two hours drilling holes in the front and back doors and fitting the deadbolts before turning my attention to the doorframes.  Thankfully, I’d recently done the same thing for Denise’s apartment as well as my own, and had the whole thing down pat.
Mary kept the coffee coming, and I had to admit…I desperately needed the caffeine.  My previous less than stellar night of sleep was taking its toll and since I was working with power tools, I figured I’d best stay awake.
Drilling holes in body parts…definitely not my idea of a good time.
Deciding I needed a short break before I started on the door frames, I plopped down on the floor in front of Mary’s couch, accepted another cup of coffee from her, and thanked her.  Blowing on it, I watched her from over the rim as she primly sat on the edge of the armchair.
“You could sit next to me,” I teased, “if you don’t mind a little sawdust and sweat.” 
“I…um…should probably just stay here.”
“It bothers you that much?” I asked, trying to mask my disappointment.
I mean, I knew I didn’t smell great, but I wasn’t that bad…at least I didn’t think so.  I managed to refrain from sniffing at my underarms, but just barely.
“The sawdust and sweat…?” she smiled slightly.  “That doesn’t bother me at all.”
“You don’t like sitting on the floor?”
“That doesn’t bother me either.”
“Then I give up.  Why exactly are you sitting a galaxy away from me?”
“Do I have to answer that?” she asked then proceeded to gnaw on her bottom lip.
“It might go a long way to soothing my bruised ego,” I said only half-joking.
“But my answer might inflate it.”
“Really?” I raised an eyebrow.  “Well, now I have to know.”
“It’s more than a little…um…well…embarrassing.”
“Don’t leave me hanging here, or there might be consequences.”
“Oh?” her face perked up.  “What kinds of consequences?”
“Trying to sidetrack me?”
“Is it working?”
“Nope…now give.”
“I’ve been, you know, watching you while you worked, and I just never expected it to…to be so…” she floundered.
I practically roared with laughter.  I laughed so hard tears filled my eyes.  Once I finally calmed down enough to find some coherency, I took one look at Mary’s set face and knew I was in trouble.
And I couldn’t remember ever being happier about it.
“Glad I could amuse you,” she said in a voice filled with acid.
“Sorry…” I grinned unrepentantly, “it’s just that I never expected to find a woman who got turned on watching me install deadbolts.  I mean, how cool is that?”
“You’re impossible,” Mary scolded, shaking her head at me, lips twitching.  “Is nothing sacred with you?”
“Not much,” I chuckled and, setting my mug on the coffee table, reached up to pull her onto my lap.  “Are you afraid you’ll lose control and throw me on the floor to have your way with me?  Because, you know, I’m totally good with that.”
“You’re already on the floor,” she pointed out breathlessly.
“So what’s stopping you?”
“You have work to do,” she said as she leaned forward and pressed her lips against mine.
Lightening shot through my whole body at her touch.  
Mary was definitely detrimental to my work ethic.  I’d never get finished if I gave in and kissed her like I really wanted to…with no holds barred.
Pulling her closer, I played with her lips, gently nipping at them then teasing them with my tongue until I could tell by the effect her soft moans of pleasure were having on me that if I didn’t stop immediately, I wouldn’t be able to.
I broke the kiss and buried my face in her neck, pulling out her ponytail holder and letting her hair cover me.  The feel and smell of her hair all around me was the sexiest thing I’d ever experienced.
“You should always wear your hair down,” I murmured inhaling deeply.  “You smell so much better than I do.”
“I haven’t been working,” she replied, instinctively tipping her head back so I could do a number on her neck.
“Speaking of which…” I murmured as I began enthusiastically nuzzling her neck, “do you have any lipstick I can borrow?” 
“Lipstick…?” Mary repeated in surprise pulling slightly away so she could look into my eyes.  “Why would you want lipstick?”
“Maybe my lips are chapped,” I suggested, urging her back into range and moving my attention up towards her jaw.  “All this unaccustomed kissing is getting to me.”
“Um…what about some lip balm instead?” 
“Nope,” I said, setting her away from me just enough for her to see my eyes twinkling, “not enough color for me.  It’s gotta be lipstick.”
“Okay,” she said as she placed her small and delicate hands on my shoulders and pushed herself out of my lap.
It took every bit of my self-control to let her go.
As she moved over to her purse, still sitting on the foyer table she asked, “Any particular shade?”
“Preferably something…vivid…” I grinned, “the brighter the better.”
Reaching into her purse, she pulled out a tube.
“I have coral…” she ventured.
“Coral…?  What’s coral?  Is that even a real color?”
“It’s kind of peachy pink,” she uncapped it and twisted, holding it up for my inspection.
“Nah, too tame…what else you got?”
“I’ll go look in the bedroom,” she offered in a hesitant voice.
“Great,” I stood and stretched, grabbing my mug off the table.  “I’ll just finish my coffee while you find me a nice bright shade of red or something.”
As soon as Mary left the room, I chuckled.  I loved teasing her.
Emptying my mug in one gulp before setting it back down on the coffee table, I moved towards the foyer.
“I have dark pink,” Mary said from behind me.  “That’s as vivid as I get.”
I took the tube from her and examined it.
“That’ll do,” I said as I twisted the bottom until I got enough exposed.  “Now watch…and learn,” I suggested as I reached over with my free hand and opened the door.
“You’re going to use lipstick on the door?” she asked in surprise.
“You’d rather I use it on me?”
“Well…no…”
“I’m relieved.  Deadbolts want to look pretty, too.  See…I push the bolt out and cover the end with lipstick, then I retract the bolt, shut the door, and push the bolt out again.  A couple more times and then…voila…” I waved with a flourish as I once more opened the door, “the perfect template on the doorframe for me to drill into with my spade bit.”
Mary laughed, and I ate it up.
“You’re such a drama queen,” she accused.
“King,” I corrected chuckling, “not queen.  Now if I had used that lipstick on myself, then I’d be a queen.”
“You’re incorrigible.”
She shook her head at me, pursing her lips in an attempt to hide her smile.
“And you love it,” I pulled her close and kissed her soundly on her luscious lips, “admit it.”
“Do you want me to do the back door deadbolts for you while you drill these?” she asked instead, pulling away.
“Actually,” I frowned as a thought occurred to me, “I want you to promise me you won’t open any doors for any reason unless you’re coming or going…especially at night.”
“Ricky…”
“And I think you should call me whenever you leave the house and whenever you get back to the house.  In fact, I think you should call me anytime you do anything.”
“Wow…you’re not overprotective at all, are you?” she teased.
Ashley’s words from a few days earlier rang in my ears, as did Mark’s reply.
“Yep,” I echoed Mark’s words emphatically, “and I make no apology for it.”

Chapter 24
Mary

After Ms. Blanchard’s class left Monday morning, I once more dug into the remaining boxes upstairs while Shannon dealt with any stragglers.  Except when teachers brought their classes to the library, we seldom had much traffic until after school let out on weekdays, and that seldom lasted more than an hour.
As soon as I’d taken the job, I’d quickly decided that staying open past five during the week was a total waste of time as was any amount of time spent there on the weekends.  Most ardent readers knew all they had to do was call me and I’d stay open a bit later if they wanted to check out a book and any returns could be put into the night depository box on the sidewalk outside the library.
With the advent of the internet and e-book devices, libraries everywhere were in imminent danger of going the way of the dinosaurs anyway…total extinction.  Few people cared about the joy of holding an actual physical book any more.
I found that sad.
An hour into the boxes, as I stifled yet another yawn, I decided I’d better find some coffee…and fast.
Ricky hadn’t left until almost four in the morning, and then only reluctantly.
After he’d cleaned up in the bathroom and changed back into his dress shirt, we’d talked for hours about a lot of different things…our jobs, his family, his childhood…and even though I knew he wanted to talk about my past, we both realized I couldn’t.  That would have to wait until we found another private place to talk without the possibility of being overheard.
Even as worn out as we both were, we hadn’t wanted to part.  
Finally, after a goodnight kiss that literally rocked my world, Ricky checked the deadbolts one last time, stood outside the front door until he heard me shoot into place the newly installed and ‘lipsticked’ bolts—to which I’d given him the extra set of keys along with a set of my old keys—then slowly strolled towards his pickup.
Although I’d never given anyone, even Duncan, a set of keys to anything I owned, it felt right to give them to Ricky.  I couldn’t explain it, realized people would call me all kinds of stupid for doing it, but I didn’t care.
Trusting Ricky felt good…it felt…right.
I’d watched his taillights disappear down the street and around the corner and, as soon as they were out of sight, I felt so alone that the tears started falling and hadn’t stopped until I’d dropped of to sleep from pure exhaustion sometime after five.
For the first time in years, I’d overslept and had to rush to work in order to make it on time.
I’d barely beaten Shannon to the door, which obviously shocked the life out of her.
Standing and stretching, a yawn swallowing my face, I decided I’d take an unaccustomed midmorning break and head to the café for some coffee.
“Someone’s here to see you, Mary,” Shannon called up the stairs before I’d even taken a step.
My heart jumped at the tone in her voice…the tone that silently added, “…and you’re not going to want to miss this.”
Ricky…it had to be Ricky…but what was he doing in town already?  He’d told me he had to work until five.
For whatever reason, I wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
I quickly adjusted my straight black knee-length skirt, fiddled with my off-white blouse, and reached up to check my bun, remembering just in time that I hadn’t put my hair up that morning.  Even though it fell in waves around my shoulders, I hadn’t given it another thought…I seldom did.  
All it had taken was one simple comment from Ricky about always leaving my hair down, and a habit of almost two years had departed without a trace.
Between my changed appearance and tardiness, Shannon had given me quite a few odd looks when she’d arrived at work, but I’d ignored all of them.
“Oh Ricky,” I murmured as I moved to the stairs, “the things you do to me.”  Adding mischievously, “And the things I’d like for you to do to me.”
As I hit the bottom of the stairs, I glanced up expectantly only to find myself gazing into the eyes of Officer Lancet.
My face fell.  
In my defense, I tried to prevent it, but it was no good.  My disappointment must have been obvious…if the policeman’s narrowed eyes were anything to go by.
“Mary,” Shannon reproached, “why didn’t you tell me your house had been broken into?  That’s just awful.”
“Ms. Smith,” Lancet acknowledged me with a polite nod.
“Officer Lancet,” I forced a smile to my face.  “Glad you decided to take me up on my offer.”
For a split second, a look of confusion crossed his face before he ruthlessly squashed it, and I knew he’d been feeding me a line yesterday, using the library as an excuse to see me again.
“Offer…?” Shannon’s eyebrows practically shot into her hairline.
“To get a library card, of course,” I feigned confusion.  “This is a public library, Shannon, and some people actually read books.”
“If now’s not a good time,” Lancet broke in smoothly, “I can come back later.”
“Oh no,” I protested, “now is fine.  Did you bring your driver’s license?”
“My driver’s license…?”
“Yes, that and one other form of ID,” I continued briskly.  “Even libraries require proof that you are who you say you are.  Can’t be giving out our books to just anyone, you know.”
Hiding a smile at the man’s obvious discomfiture, I thought about Ricky and how he’d enjoy seeing the man who’d pointed a gun at him so discombobulated…after he had a good laugh at my choice of words, of course.
“Mary,” Shannon elbowed me in the ribs, “he’s a policeman…I think you can trust him.”
“I don’t make the rules, Shannon,” I retorted, “but I am required to follow them.”
“That’s understandable,” Lancet pinned me with an intense stare.  “People fake ID’s all the time.  It’s becoming quite the epidemic.  Unfortunately, I didn’t realize I would need two types of ID so I guess I’ll have to come back later, after all.”
“A credit card will do as a second ID,” Shannon offered.
“I don’t do credit cards.  I’m a cash only type of guy.”
“Everybody uses credit cards,” Shannon said.  “Even I have one.”
“I doubt Ms. Smith has any credit cards,” Lancet contradicted.  “She doesn’t strike me as the type.”
“Maybe not,” Shannon conceded, “but I meant normal people.  Mary is…well…different.”
“What do you mean by different?”
“Since this conversation about me obviously doesn’t require my presence,” I said in a frosty tone, “I’ve got work to do.  So, if you’ll excuse me…”
As I marched to the stairs, I heard Shannon say, “Oops,” and giggle.
Although I let them believe what they wanted, I wasn’t really angry…more annoyed than anything…but after ten minutes of listening to the low murmurings and muffled laughter from downstairs while trying to concentrate on the shipment of books, I’d about had enough.  The whole situation reminded me too much of my childhood…the looks…the whispers…the snickers…
Taking my keys out of my pocket, I grabbed a box of books and headed towards the locked closet and the only place I would be able to find peace and quiet.

Chapter 25
Ricky

Buy burn phones
Find a bug detector
Check on security and storm doors
Kiss Mary senseless

I reread my list in satisfaction.  The first three I’d already done—although I had to order the doors as Mary’s door frames weren’t a standard size—but the last one…well…I hadn’t gotten around to that one yet.  Anticipation shot through me as I dwelt on the completion of my favorite part of the list.
The main difference between it and the other three items on the list…I wouldn’t be marking that one off as done any time soon.  I planned for it to take a while to perfect…a long while.
Our kisses to date had been fairly innocent and innocuous, but I wanted more…so much more… 
Glancing at my watch, I hopped into my pickup grinning, even as my stomach protested.  Skipping my lunch hour had been worth it, though.  I figured I’d pull into Rockpointe by five-fifteen at the latest.
For a second, as I merged onto the interstate, I debated about stopping at a drive-thru, but shrugged that idea right off.  I’d take Mary out somewhere to eat where she could find some breadless delight and I could gorge on whatever sounded good as soon as we were together again.  The main thing was to get there as fast as humanly possible.
I missed Mary so much I ached with it.
Cranking up the sound, I settled in for the hour plus drive hoping I’d be able to beat most of the rush-hour traffic.  Belting out the lyrics to Witchy Woman with gusto…right along with the rest of the Eagles…I sped towards Rockpointe. 
At almost exactly five o’clock—after speeding for a good part of the way, thankfully without getting stopped—I pulled up in front of Mary’s house…but no Mary.
I hadn’t really expected her to be home yet, since it was barely quitting time and she had all the makings of a work-a-holic, but just in case…
Glancing around, I noticed I had an audience…not a squad car parked in the alley, thank goodness, but Mary’s well-meaning, nosey neighbor.  I could see her peeking through the curtains, her white hair a beacon announcing it.
And was that a pair of binoculars…?
I wondered how Mary’s burglar had missed seeing that, even in the dark.  That set me to wondering why he’d have picked the front door for his break-in instead of the more sheltered and private back of the house.  Which, of course, led me straight down the road to the possible conclusion that the burglar wanted to be seen…wanted the neighbor to call the police…wanted Officers Lancet and Stevens to be on the scene…
That thought didn’t set well with me. 
Climbing out of my pickup, I slung my backpack—complete with bug detector—over one shoulder and headed up the sidewalk.  
Waving towards the house next door, I called, “Hey Mrs. Bell!”
The curtain dropped immediately, and I stopped and waited.  Sure enough, I didn’t have to wait long…the front door opened mere seconds later.
“Nice day,” I said with a grin as I strolled over towards her.  “I’m Ricky Hunter…Mary’s friend.”
“You kept her out very late last night, young man,” Mrs. Bell shook her index finger at me.  “And then you stayed much too long.”
“Yes ma’am,” I stopped about five feet away and ducked my head as if suitably chastised, “but in my defense, Mary’s kind of a hard woman to leave.”
“Good answer; she’s at work, you know.”
“I know,” I said lowering my voice as if we were co-conspirators, “but I thought I’d make a run through her house and check that it’s safe before I meet her at the library.  She’s a bit…skittish…right now.”
“I don’t blame the poor girl,” Mrs. Bell said clicking her tongue.  “Good thing she had you to put new locks on her doors for her.  You can’t be too careful nowadays.  I have six locks on each of mine.”
Apparently, from the information Mrs. Bell already had on me, she spent most of her time with her binoculars glued to her windows.  I didn’t consider that a bad thing…at least for Mary’s safety.
“Sounds like your house is tighter than Fort Knox,” I joked.
“You better believe it,” she said with a fierce light of battle in her eyes.  “Will you be able to get into Mary’s place?”
“Yes ma’am…she let me keep a set of keys, just in case.  I’d better get a move on or she’ll be pulling up before I have a chance to finish.  It’s been nice meeting you, Mrs. Bell.”
“You too, young man…”
After letting myself into the house, I checked the rooms to make sure Mary didn’t have any unwanted visitors and, finding nothing, began fiddling with the bug detector.
I didn’t expect to get anything, so it shocked the dog out of me when the light turned green in the living room.  Not a good sign.
After sweeping the bedrooms and bathroom, I heaved a sigh of relief.  If I’d found one in any of those rooms, I wouldn’t have left them, and then Duncan—or whoever was behind all of Mary’s problems—would have known that we knew something was going on.
The thought of someone listening to Mary as she showered or changed clothes…or slept…that would have been too much of an invasion of her privacy for me to tolerate.
Returning to the living room, I focused on finding the bug, and finally managed to locate it hidden on the underside of Mary’s foyer table.
“Dang,” was on the tip of my tongue, but I caught myself just in time.
That would have given me away for sure, and I had no intention of announcing to Mary’s eavesdroppers that I knew they’d planted a bug in her house.  
Instead of waiting for Mary to get home, after locking up the house and waving a ‘thumbs up’ to Mrs. Bell’s binoculars as I strolled towards my pickup, I high-tailed it downtown to the library.  I’d noticed it just down from the hardware store when I’d parked in front of it the previous night…before I knew that Mary worked there.  
We’d talked a lot after I’d finished installing the deadbolts, but since we couldn’t safely discuss much about her private life, she mostly told me about her job.
As I approached the library, I noticed Mary’s car parked around the side of the building next to a small red compact.  Pulling into an angled spot right in front of the two-story building, I watched the red car back out and then spit loose gravel into the air as it hurriedly left the parking lot.
As the car zoomed past me, not recognizing the blonde driving at all, I shrugged it off and stepped out of my truck, slinging my backpack over my shoulder.
My heart sped up and my breathing started sounding kinda funny to my own ears as I pictured greeting Mary.  Just the thought of seeing her sent me into a major tailspin. 
Ignoring all of that, I pushed the button on my remote to lock up, and headed for the library door with a grin on my face so goofy, I was sure Goofy himself couldn’t have been any goofier.
As I shoved the door open and anxiously glanced around for a sight of Mary, my eyes zeroed in on the only figure in sight.
Not Mary…
“Hey,” I greeted the girl standing in front of a desk holding a cell phone and looking as if she’d lost her best friend.
“Hi,” she replied, barely glancing at me as she pocketed her cell.
“You must be Shannon,” I held my hand out.  “I’m Ricky.”
“Oh, no…Shannon left,” the girl said, not even noticing my outstretched hand.  “I’m Dot.”
I let my hand fall back to my side then remembered something Mary had mentioned the night before.
“The waitress from the diner…?”
“You know who I am?” Dot asked in surprise, momentarily sidetracked from whatever was bothering her.
“Mary told me about you.”
“Mary…” she repeated, “You know Mary…”
“Yep.”
“So…would you happen to know where Mary is?” she asked hopefully.
“What do you mean do I know where she is?  Her car’s outside…she’s supposed to be in here.”
“I came in just after five to return a book, and Shannon said she couldn’t find her anywhere.”
“So is Shannon looking for her?”
“Um…no…” Dot stammered, “she…um…had a date, you see.”
“She left…?  With Mary missing…?”
Dot swallowed hard and nodded.
Suddenly, the blonde in the red compact car speeding out of the side parking lot made sense.
“Her boss is missing and that idiot is concerned with a date…?” 
Raking a hand through my hair as my eyes swept the bottom floor of the library, moving up towards the balcony type railing on the second level, I could barely contain my anger.
“I’m sorry…” Dot began hesitantly.
I stopped, took a deep breath, and turned towards her.
“No, Dot, I’m sorry,” I said as evenly as I could.  “You didn’t have to stay either, but you did…and I appreciate that.”
“Are you…are you a friend of hers?”
A ghost of a smile touched my face as I replied, “I guess you could say that.”
“I tried to call her cell phone, but her purse must be locked in her desk because it rang in there.”
“Good to know.  So, her purse and her car are both still here…”
“What do you think we should do?  I mean, I was about to call the police…”
“No!” I barked.
“Okay,” Dot said glancing at me fearfully, no doubt wondering if I’d lost my mind.
I hadn’t…yet…but there was still plenty of time…
“What I mean is the police won’t do anything until she’s been missing for twenty-four hours, and that might be too late…”
“What do you mean by too late?” Dot asked in alarm, eyes opened wide.
“Just that by then, you and I will have found her,” I said as reassuringly as I could.  “Now, did Shannon happen to say when she’d last seen her?”
“It was before lunch.  Mary and Shannon were talking to the policeman…”
“What policeman…?” I asked between suddenly clenched teeth.
“I don’t know…I don’t remember his name…but he invited her to lunch…”
“He invited Mary to lunch?”
“No,” she hastily corrected me, “he invited Shannon, so then Shannon said that she yelled upstairs to Mary that she was taking an early lunch.  Then the two of them…Shannon and the policeman…came over to the diner and ate, but Shannon said when she got back here, Mary was gone.”
“Didn’t she think to call anybody?” I asked with as much patience as I could muster.
“She said she figured that Mary just went off somewhere in a huff since the policeman asked her to lunch instead of Mary, so she didn’t think anything of it.”
“Did you see Shannon with this policeman?”
“Sure…I waited on them.”
“Can you describe him?”
Dot shot me a funny look, and I couldn’t blame her.  Usually the police asked people for descriptions, not the other way around, but Mary was missing and I didn’t have time to worry about the political correctness or advisability of my questions.
“Basically, he was tall, dark, and handsome.”
“Was his name Lancet?” I asked with forced calm.
“Oh, yeah, I remember now.  I heard Shannon call him Lance.” 
“Okay, Dot,” placing my hands on her shoulders, I turned her to face me, “we aren’t going to panic and call the police yet.  First, we’re going to search this whole building top to bottom and make sure she isn’t here…after that, we’ll make a decision about what to do.  Are you with me?”
She nodded.
“Good, now…where all have you looked?”
“I didn’t have time to do anything.”
“Right, Shannon was just leaving when I pulled up…or at least I guess that was her in the little red car…?”
Dot nodded.
“Why don’t you start by searching every inch of the downstairs, and I’ll take the upstairs.”
“I hope we find her,” Dot whispered almost to herself as I took the stairs two at a time.
“I’ll find her,” I muttered, “or die trying.”

Chapter 26
Mary

I awoke from the most delicious dream to find drool dribbling out of my mouth and a crick in my neck.
Groaning, I carefully lifted my head off the arm of the old, oversized and overstuffed chair and straightened my back.  
So much for my dream of unsurpassed beauty, I thought ruefully as I swiped at the sides of my mouth with my hands.  I’m no femme fatale…that’s for sure.
I slowly stood and stretched, then glanced at my watch.  
“5:30!” I squeaked.  “Oh my gosh!”
I stumbled to the ragged opening in the wall, tripping over books I’d left lying around the chair, and pushed my way through the hole, shoving the tapestry aside as I practically fell into the closet…and right into the back of somebody.
As my unfortunate victim fell forward against a metal filing cabinet with an ‘oomph’, I followed, feeling my breasts flatten against a nicely muscle-hardened back.
Unaccustomed sensations shot through me, extremely pleasurable sensations, and I immediately knew the identity of my victim:  Ricky.
He was early.
Sliding my arms around him, I pressed my face to his back and smiled.
But not for long.
“Where the hell have you been?” he asked angrily, turning in my arms and gripping me by the shoulders.  “I thought you’d been kidnapped.”
“Kidnapped…?” my smile faltered at the fury on Ricky’s face.  “Why would you think I’d been kidnapped?”
“Maybe because your car and purse were still here but nobody could find you and your friendly neighborhood gun-toting policeman was one of the last people to see you alive…”
Tears filled my eyes and I bit my bottom lip. 
“I’m so sorry, Ricky,” I whispered, “I…”
I didn’t get any further.  Ricky’s lips came down on mine…hard…and I could feel every bit of the fear that had driven him to the brink of panic in the relentless kiss that seemed to go on…and on…and on…  
Instinctively understanding his need, I consciously relaxed and rode it through until the end when finally Ricky pulled himself together enough to release me.
“I’m sorry,” he said in a clipped voice as he let go and stepped back, running agitated fingers through his hair.  
He turned away from me and inhaled deeply a few times.
“I’m sorry I worried you,” I murmured.  “I was so tired that I dozed off and didn’t wake up until a few minutes ago.”
 “How the hell did this happen to me so fast?” he asked in a low angry tone.  “How did I get to this point in less than forty-eight hours?”
“Ricky…?” I ventured, putting a hand on his arm.  “I really am sorry.”
“Mary,” he groaned as he turned and jerked me towards him, cradling me against his hard chest.  “I’m just glad you’re okay.  I thought…”
He broke off and tightened his arms around me.  Although I was beginning to find breathing difficult, I didn’t mind as I squeezed him back.
After a few minutes, I asked in a gentle tone, “Don’t you think we should go tell Shannon I’m okay?”
“What?”
“Shannon…don’t you think…?”
“Shannon,” he repeated in disgust, “left at quitting time.  However,” he said as he reluctantly released me, “we should go let Dot know you’re okay.”
“Dot’s here?”
“Yeah, she showed up, and your assistant took off,” Ricky snorted.  “Shannon had a date, which apparently was more important than a missing employer.”
“Let’s go show Dot that I’m okay,” I said with a smile as I stepped out of the closet, pulling him after me, “and then, after she’s gone, I’ll continue apologizing for scaring you half to death.”
“Will it involve making out?” Ricky asked, his boyish grin lighting his face once more.
Sighing in relief, I slid a hand around the back of his neck and pulled his head down, lightly touching his lips with mine.
“Hmm…” I murmured against his lips, “…sounds good to me.”
“Ms. Smith!” a shocked voice exclaimed from behind me.
“Dot,” I turned quickly to face her, “we were just coming to find you.”
“Wow!” Dot’s eyes were wide and her mouth had fallen open.  “No wonder you turned down the cop.”
“You know about that?”
“I heard him tell Shannon he tried to ask you out, but you weren’t interested,” Dot admitted.  “Now I can see why.”
“You think I’m a better catch than the cop?” Ricky prompted with a mischievous light in his eyes.
“Oh yeah,” Dot giggled.  “I guess Ms. Smith isn’t a lesbian after all.”
“A lesbian…?” Ricky raised an eyebrow in my direction before turning back to Dot, “hardly.”
He winked at me before continuing, “Unless I’m just so stinkin’ hot that I’ve turned her straight.”
“Works for me,” Dot said with a huge grin.  “Something sure happened, because Ms. Smith told me just a few days ago that she wasn’t interested in men.”
“Well, Dot, to be perfectly honest, I wasn’t…not until I met Ricky Saturday night at a self-defense class.”
“Yep,” Ricky grinned, “I worked my magic and just swept her off her feet.”
“That’s so romantic,” Dot said with a wistful sigh.
“It will happen for you, too, Dot,” I assured her, “just don’t try to force it.  It can be disastrous if it’s not the right guy.”
“Well, all’s well that ends well,” Ricky said, putting his hand on my back and urging us towards the stairs.  “Thanks for your help, Dot.”
“Oh, sure…no problem,” Dot said then asked, “So, were you in the closet, Ms. Smith?  Because Shannon said she looked in there.”
“I didn’t realize I was so hidden from view, and you know Shannon…if she has to actually work at finding something…”  Hoping to distract her, I added, “And I think you should call me Mary.  We’ve known each other for quite a while now.”
“Okay, Mary…Ricky and Mary…has a nice ring to it.”
“I think so, too, Dot,” Ricky agreed, “and I think you and I are gonna get along just fine.”
Although I hated to appear so scathing about Shannon, especially in front of Ricky, I had no intention of letting Dot in on my secret little hideaway.  I figured Dot would accept the remark at face value, knowing Shannon’s laziness and never having seen the closet herself, and hopefully, since she and Shannon didn’t get along, they wouldn’t ever have reason to discuss it.  Otherwise, Dot would know that there was absolutely no place to hide in that small area.
As we headed down the stairs, I could feel Ricky’s questioning eyes on my back, but I ignored him.  Once we were alone, I’d show him.  Until then, he’d just have to curb his curiosity.

Chapter 27
Ricky

I knew Mary was lying, and I knew that she knew that I knew that she was lying, but wherever Mary had been hiding, she obviously didn’t want Dot to know about it.
No problem…I figured she’d tell me once we were alone.
I could wait.
Idly, I retrieved my backpack from Mary’s desk and pulled out the bug detector, wandering the aisles watching for the green light while pretending an interest in the shelved books. 
Only half listening while Dot and Mary chatted about the book Dot had finished reading and needed to return—something about werewolves—I managed to work through all the different sections without finding anything.
As I moved in between the shelves positioned closer to the checkout desk, I stifled my laughs as Dot gushed about how ‘hot’ the werewolves in the book were.  What surprised me, though, was the seriousness in Mary’s voice as she asked questions about what Dot liked and didn’t like in the book…like she really wanted to know the answers.
Women, I shook my head in amusement.
What was it about werewolves that excited them so much?  The blood and the gore I could handle, that part could be cool, but the thought of kissing a chick that might suddenly turn all hairy…that just didn’t bear thinking about.
Romance and furry creatures were mutually exclusive in my book—my figurative book—but apparently not in other people’s books…the literal kind.
I grinned at my pun.
Then I stumbled across a couple of Duncan Fletcher’s books…and I stopped grinning.  
Shoving the bug detector into my backpack, I pulled one of the books off the shelf, examining the cover curiously before opening it and checking the copyright date.
Too long ago, I decided re-shelving it and extracting another one.
“2010,” I murmured.  “Could be…”
“All done,” Mary said from behind, startling me.
I dropped the book and as I bent over to retrieve it, we bumped heads.
“Sorry about that,” Mary said grabbing the book off the floor, “force of habit.”
“You could kiss it better,” I suggested, rubbing my forehead ruefully.
Mary didn’t respond, staring down at the book in her hand.
“Mary…?” I ventured, “is that…?”
Calmly sliding the book back into place, Mary met my eyes and shook her head.
“You won’t like that one,” she said.  “Do you want to come help me finish up in the closet?”
“According to Dot, you’ve come out of the closet,” I noted with a chuckle.
“Well, I don’t mind going back in as long as you’re in there with me.  Let me just double check both doors before we head upstairs.”
“I’ll meet you at the stairs when you’re done,” I said shrugging the backpack off my shoulder.  “I’m still browsing…” 
Reaching in, I pulled out our new electronic best friend.
Mary’s mouth formed a silent ‘oh’ as she read the words printed across the top.
“Um…sure…no hurry…whenever you’re through…er…browsing…”
Figuring I’d find one around the desks, I spent quite a bit of time crisscrossing the area while Mary—already done checking the doors—waited patiently by the stairs, but the red light stubbornly refused to change to green.
Not that I was disappointed…I was just so sure I’d find one…
For a split-second, I wondered if the stupid thing was bogus…turning green at random…but then I remembered the tiny transmitter stuck under the table at her house and knew better.
Giving up on the desk areas, I headed towards Mary and the stairs, still watching for a green light. 
“Did you find anything you liked?” Mary asked in her polite librarian tone.
“Nothing interesting enough to check out,” I replied shaking my head at her questioning look.  “Got any books upstairs?”
“I just received a new shipment, actually.” 
“Let’s go have a look.”
“Follow me.”
“Right behind you, babe.  I’d follow you to the ends of the earth, you know.”
“Good because I’m planning to get a lot of work out of you.”
“So…how do you feel about that?”
“Since I’m currently snowed under with work, I’m ecstatic at the thought of my own slave.
“You know what I mean…about me following you to the ends of the earth…”
“See all the boxes of books I have to go through,” she waved towards the open containers spread all over the floor and tables.  “You’ve arrived just in time.” 
I growled.
Mary’s quick breath confused me.  I tried to see her face as she bent over to move a box out of the way, but her hair fell forward covering her face.  As she turned towards the closet, I caught a glimpse and realized she’d been hiding her flushed face.
Wow, I thought as a grin spread across my face, women really did go for that growly werewolf stuff.  Go figure.
I spent a few minutes traversing the upper floor before admitting that we were ‘bug free’ there, too.
“Huh…”
I stood in the middle of some bookshelves scratching my head.
At Mary’s questioning looks, I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head, totally puzzled.  It didn’t make sense to bug Mary’s home, but not her place of work.
Or did it…?
If ‘they’ were looking for personal information, home would be the logical choice.
“Done…?” Mary mouthed to me.
I nodded in defeat.
Grabbing my free hand, Mary hustled me towards the closet, shutting us in quickly.
“What…?”
Releasing my hand, she put a finger over my lips and tapped the device.  Obediently, I went through the motions, but again…nothing. 
Nodding, she moved over towards a tapestry hanging on the wall.  I’d wondered about that tapestry when I’d been searching the closet earlier, thinking it an odd place for it, but I barely stopped a gasp of surprise as Mary pulled it over to one side to reveal a huge gaping hole in the wall.
Motioning me into the hole, she quickly followed, allowing the tapestry to fall back into place behind us.
Once again, she tapped the device, and again…nothing.
“What…?” I tried again, but Mary stopped me with her lips as she wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my head down to her level.
Who needs conversation? I mentally shrugged, as I tossed the silly device onto the only chair in the place, and got busy with the fourth item on my list...
Kissing Mary senseless.

Chapter 28
Mary

“You could have warned me, you know,” Shannon huffed as she threw her purse on her desk.
“Warned you about what?” I asked as I stared vacantly at my book order.
I couldn’t concentrate…my every thought filled with Ricky.  Partly the bits of information he’d shared with me whenever we came up for air—like the fact that my house was bugged but the library was clean—but mostly my thoughts turned to how he’d made me feel with his hands…his lips…his teeth…his tongue…  
Never had I felt so wanted…so desired…so sexy…
It had been hard to stop, but we both knew we had to draw the line somewhere.  Eventually, we’d agreed that we needed a more public venue to keep us honest, and he’d followed me to my house to drop off my car—after Ricky reassured himself there was no bug planted inside the small compact—before heading to a deli where Ricky demolished a huge hoagie and I ate part of a salad.
I hadn’t been very hungry…not for food, anyway.
“Are you hearing a word that I’m saying?” Shannon’s angry tone penetrated my scattered thoughts.
“Sorry,” I shook my head to clear it.  “My brain is stuck in neutral this morning.  What were you saying?”
“I said, you could have warned me that awesome hunk of a man was only asking me out so he could pump me for information about you!”
“What?” I glanced up startled.
“I should have known it was too good to be true,” she muttered collapsing into her chair.  “The only awesomely sexy man this Hicksville town has ever seen, and he has the hots for you.”
“Who are you talking about?” I asked in confusion.
“As if you didn’t know; Lance…”
“Officer Lancet…?  You went out with Officer Lancet…?”
No no no no no, I groaned inwardly. 
“Shannon,” I began, but quickly squashed down the urge to tell her that Officer Lancet’s interest in me was no threat to her.  
“I’m sure it’s not what it looked like,” I substituted lamely.
“Oh, I’m pretty damn sure it was exactly what it looked like.”
“He’s just concerned because we haven’t caught the person that broke into my house.”
“Then why would he want to know who you’re seeing and how long you’ve lived here and if you have any family…and you know what?  I didn’t know any of those things because you never talk to me.  And who the hell is Ricky Hunter?  Why did someone who’s only known you a couple of days know who you’re dating when I had no idea you were even interested in men?”
“I didn’t know you cared about my private life,” I hedged.
“See, there you go again.  You’re very good at avoiding questions you don’t want to answer, but you know what?  I don’t care anymore.”
“Shannon…”
“Do you know what I told him?  I told him he should try dating that dorky dork of a waitress you like so much since he’s not particular about looks as long as his date can talk about you.  I’m sure she knows a helluva lot more about you then I do…or ever will.”
“You told him about Dot?” I asked in dismay.
“Yep, right before I dumped his beer in his lap and left the sports bar where he was dumb enough to take me.  I mean, do I look like a sports bar type of girl to you?  I don’t think so.” 
“How did you get home?”
“Oh, the jerk followed me out and insisted on driving me home,” she snorted, “and then he apologized nicely for using me…a gentleman to the end.”
“Oh dear,” I murmured.
“And you know what else, while I’m on a roll here?  I hate this job.  I hate the endless rows of bookshelves filled with endless boring books, and I hate the stupid teachers who bring their stupid kids with their stupid chewing gum that I end up having to scrap off from under those stupid tables, but you know what I hate most of all?  More than anything else in this whole damn place, I hate you.”
Shannon stood abruptly and snatched her purse from her desk.
“I quit,” she announced and marched to the door, yanking it open and storming out, not even bothering to say goodbye.
Blinking in disbelief, I sat at my desk, dazed.

Chapter 29
Ricky

“Your boss is going to fire you if you don’t stop leaving early,” Mary pointed out in between kisses.
“Then I guess you’ll just have to support us both,” I teased.  “Or better still, we’ll just live on love.”
“That’s not very practical,” Mary murmured against my lips.
“Yeah, well, I’m not feeling very practical right now,” I said as I pushed her back onto the blanket—carelessly scattering the Chinese takeout containers—and leaned over her, “in fact, I’m very tempted to kiss you senseless again and then, before you find your senses, convince you to marry me as soon as possible.”
“You can try,” she challenged breathlessly.
I suspected she meant to sound defiant, but I hated to tell her she failed miserably.  Her voice came out all sexy instead, and I couldn’t help myself.
There was no more talking for quite a while.  
Finally, with a groan, I pulled away and flipped over onto my back breathing hard.
“You’re killing me here, Mary,” I managed to get out.  “Are we any closer to hearing wedding bells than we were ten minutes ago?”
“Do you want a list of reasons why we can’t get married any time soon?”
“No, I just want to hear a yes.”
“Number one,” she continued calmly as if she hadn’t heard me, “I can’t marry you with this Duncan thing hanging over my head.”
“Hanging over our heads,” I corrected.  “But see, that’s the beauty of it,” I turned onto my side, facing her, and propped myself up with one arm so I could watch her face as my finger crawled under the bottom edge of her blouse and began circling her belly button, “if we were married, I wouldn’t have to leave you at night.  I already hate doing that and it’s just gonna get worse.  You know neither one of us is getting enough sleep. Besides,” I grinned, “my electric bill is gonna go sky high with all the cold showers I have to take.”
“You mean hot showers, you idiot,” she pointed out lovingly, running her fingers through my hair, “and number two, we haven’t known each other long enough to get married.”
I moaned in pleasure at her light teasing fingers on my scalp.
“You must really want me dead, because you’re touch is killing me.”
“You keep saying that, but I don’t think it means what you think it means,” she teased.
“I’m a dying man, love.”
“No…no dying allowed here,” Mary ordered sternly, pushing me onto my back and climbing on top, planting feathery light tantalizing kisses on my nose, chin, forehead as well as other facial features that had never had so much attention before.  
“I realize you aren’t very experienced, my sweet,” I said reaching up and tucking her loose hair behind her ears, “but unless you stop teasing me this way, you’re gonna become very experienced very shortly.”
“Teasing you…?” she asked frowning.
“Climbing on top of a man is kinda like a red flag to a bull.  Add those dainty little kisses to it and, well…”
“Oh,” her eyes widened as she quickly scrambled off, “sorry.”
I laughed and sat up.  
“Maybe we should just sit across from each other and hold hands until certain parts of my anatomy calm down.”
“I can do that.”
“Good…so, did you get a chance at lunch to ask Dot about taking Shannon’s old job?”
“I did…and she said yes.”
“I’m glad.  I liked her.  Shannon…not so much…”
“You’ve never even met Shannon.” 
“Anybody who’d go off on a date with her employer missing, and then have the nerve to yell at said employer instead of asking how said employer is…well…that’s about as selfish as they come.  You don’t need that…especially right now.”
“Shannon has no idea what was going on with me,” Mary defended her, “and she’s right…it’s my fault she’s clueless.”
“Still…I’m glad you’ll have Dot now.  I have a feeling you can trust her.”
“I wish I could afford to pay her more, but she really wants the job and she said her boss at the diner is willing to keep her on as part-time there…evenings and weekends.”
“That sounds like a win-win.  What are you going to tell her about your special closet?”
“I’m going to be honest with her about it, but make sure she keeps it quiet.”  
“Why don’t you want people to know?”
“Because I don’t want to lose the extra storage or my secret hide-a-way,” she admitted.
“Is that a possibility if other people find out?”
“It would reflect badly on the council members.”
“Now that sounds like a story I want to hear.”
“There was some water damage a while back—the roof leaked during a heavy rain—and since the city owns both of the buildings, they hired a contractor from Dallas to fix it.  So, the contractor fixes the roof, but then discovers that mold was starting to grow in the common wall under the leak.  The council deems it a health hazard and agrees to pay the guy more to cut out all the damage and redo that part of the wall.  The problem is, he cut the mold out—not very evenly…but at least the mold was gone—however, he never came back to close it back up, even though he took all the money the city council had set aside for the job.  The council knew he hadn’t finished and knew where to find him, but the guy claimed he had a family emergency and then never came back.  Nobody pushed it because one of the council members is a relative so they shouldn’t have hired him in the first place.”
“So the City Council isn’t likely to tell anybody about it…”
“No, and because of all of that, I don’t feel badly about using it.  That key ring I gave you has all of my extra keys on it…including one to the library as well as the building next door.”
“You have keys to the building next door?”
“I told them I’d keep quiet about the hole as long as I could use the building, so they gave me a set.”
“In other words you blackmailed them,” I said with a chuckle.  “So why didn’t you ever give Shannon the extra set of keys or tell her about the closet?”
“It just didn’t feel right.  I could never bring myself to fully trust her with anything important, so I chose not to give her any keys.  I’m glad you have an extra set, though.  Especially with everything that’s going on…”
“Maybe you’ll be able to trust Dot with the keys.”
“I’m hoping,” Mary admitted.
“I could give you these back…”
“No, I’ll make her another set at the Discount Store.”
“Good idea.  I think you and Dot are gonna have a great time working together.”
“I think so, too,” Mary nodded enthusiastically, “I just hope it doesn’t affect her grades.  College is important.”
“Did you go to college?”
“I have a Bachelor of Arts in History.”
“Well, that makes perfect sense.  I meant to tell you, before we got all distracted, I went online and found a copy of that book Fletcher published.  You know, the one I was holding and then dropped when you snuck up behind me in the library…Dead to Rights.  It’s the one that he stole from you and had published under his own name, isn’t it?”  
“How did you know?”
 “The date of the copyright was my first clue, but it definitely had your sense of humor.  After hearing about your degree, though, I’m even more sure because it’s historical fiction.”
“That was my thing…the historical part.  I wrote romances, action adventure, mystery suspense…you name it, I wrote it…as long as it was historical fiction, the rest didn’t matter.  I loved putting real historical figures in with fictional characters and making them all come alive.”
“So you wrote a historically based murder mystery for Duncan.”
“I’d already started the story, but working a nine-to-five job made it hard to find the time or energy to write, so I’d stalled.  Up to that point, I’d mainly written short stories and novelettes, but I was determined to finish an actual full-length novel.”
“Okay…I have to ask…how did you manage to write from a man’s point of view…?  Cuz I have to say, you had me believing you were a guy and I knew better.  Are you sure you didn’t have a sex change or something?”
“You’ve heard the saying…it’s a gift and a curse…?  Well, it’s true.  I seem to be able to put myself in just about anybody’s place…even a psychopathic vampire.”
“Vampire…?  You write about vampires?”
“And werewolves…”
“So you do like werewolves.  No wonder my growl turned you on last night.”
“Your growl…?”
“Last night at the library…you went all pink when I growled…”
At the blank look on Mary’s face, I continued, “…while we were upstairs…you bent down to move a box…a box that didn’t need moving…I growled…you blushed…?  It was a whole big thing.”
“Oh, I didn’t notice,” she said as her cheeks screamed ‘liar’ at her by turning a delightful shade of pink.
“There, like that…that’s exactly what you did then…”
“I remember,” Mary cleared her throat, “but it wasn’t because you growled…it was just a thought that popped into my mind all the sudden…”
“That thought better have been about me,  to put that kind of pretty pink in your cheeks.”
“Oh, it was…” she smiled reminiscently.  “It was actually a daydream that you made come true.”
“Well, now…that’s more like it.  I’m all ears.”
“Not all ears…”
I chuckled, “Thanks…I think.  Now give…”  
“Well, it suddenly occurred to me what we could be doing in that old stuffed chair upstairs and…well…” she trailed off as she trailed a finger across my lips.
“Ah…” I said grinning as I tried to capture her finger with my mouth, “…’nuff said.  More than glad I could oblige your daydreams.  And I’m very relieved you aren’t disappointed I’m not a werewolf.”
“I’m not that enamored of werewolves,” she assured me.
“Then what made you decide to write about them…and vampires of all things?”
“Since I had to switch genres, and fantasy—especially paranormal romance—is huge right now, I thought I’d try my hand at it.  I figured Duncan wouldn’t ever suspect I’d go there, but I’m afraid the preface I put in the book is what gave me away.”
“It’s historical fiction…?”
“I’m afraid so.”
“I looked all over the internet, but couldn’t figure out which books you’d self-published and which books other Mary Smiths had published.  You sure did pick a common name.  There are a lot of you Mary Smiths out there running around.”
“Oh my, did I forget to mention that I publish under a pseudonym?”
“I thought Mary Smith was your pseudonym.  You told me your real name is Miriam Sanderson, so…wait…does that mean your pseudonym has a pseudonym?  Man, you have a complicated life.”
“I actually have paperwork that proves I’m Mary Smith, so it’s technically not a pseudonym…”
“How did you do that?  Did you get a name change?”
“Well…sort of, but it’s not exactly legal…”
“You’re living under an alias with a fake ID?  How long has this been going on?”
“Almost two years…”
I whistled, “I’m impressed.  You’ve kept your real identity a secret for that long…?  I am beyond impressed.  Some people can’t even get into a nightclub with a fake ID and here you’ve been living it for almost two years…”
“Are you being sarcastic?”
“Believe it or not, I have been known to be serious a time or two.”
“Hmmm…” she eyed me suspiciously.
“So how did you manage it?  How have you been able to live illegally as Mary Smith all this time?”
“I…um…had the right type of job to make it happen,” she hedged.  “It wasn’t that difficult.”
“Don’t tell me…you worked for the mob…”
“I had a perfectly legal job,” Mary protested.
“And exactly how do you get an illegal ID with a…wait a minute…did you work for a driver’s license office?”
“Close…I was in Public Records.”
“So you can get fake ID’s from Public Records?”
“My ID isn’t fake,” she corrected.  “Just not…legal.”
“You’re gonna have to explain that.”
“When I moved to Texas, I took driver’s ed and applied for a driver’s license just like everybody else.”
“I am so lost here.”
“After I graduated from college with my history degree, I couldn’t find the type of job I really wanted so, like I said, I took one in Public Records, which meant I had access to births and deaths…”
“Okay…still as clear as mud…”
“…and all the paperwork that goes along with births and deaths…”
“Gonna have to spell it out for me, sweetie pie.”
“I stole the identity of a dead child,” she blurted out pulling her hands out of mine.  “I didn’t want to tell you because I knew how you’d react, but I was desperate at the time.  I had no way of proving what Duncan had planned for me, so I couldn’t very well go to the police, but I knew as soon as I handed him my second manuscript, I’d be dead.  I was so scared and I didn’t know what else to do…” she trailed off miserably wringing her hands.
“Didn’t you have anybody you could go to for help?”
“My parents were killed when our pizza place caught fire during the night.  They slept in the apartment right above it and didn’t make it out.”
“Sweetheart,” I said in shock, “That’s…I don’t even know what to say…I’m so sorry.”
“I was a junior in college and lived in the dorms so I didn’t know until the next day.”
“And you don’t have any other family…?”
“I think I had some distant relatives somewhere, but nobody I knew, and I never really had any close friends…not anyone that I could unload a bomb like that on anyway…”
“Mary…my Mary,” I murmured as I pulled her into my arms.  “I’m sorry you were so alone, but it’s okay now…I’m here and I’ve got you.  You aren’t alone anymore.”
“I didn’t want to do it, Ricky,” I said desperately, gripping the front of his shirt and burying my face in his chest, “and I always feel guilty…every single day…but I had to run.  I couldn’t stay and fight him.  He was rich and famous and I knew nobody would believe me…not when it was just my word against his.”
“My brave little love,” I murmured as I held her close and stroked her hair.
Picturing how scared and alone she must have felt tore at my insides, and I made a vow right then and there to do whatever was in my power to take care of her…whatever the cost.
She would never feel that way—not ever again—not if I had anything to do with it.
And I planned to have plenty to do with it.

Chapter 30
Mary

I’d done my worst…owned up to my crime.  Ricky had to decide for himself how to react.
After I confessed, there was silence for a while as he held me.  I hoped once the shock of what I’d done passed, he’d understand and not condemn me for my actions.
As soon as my breathing returned to normal, Ricky kissed the top of my head and pulled back slightly.
“Would it upset you if I asked a couple of questions?”
“I’ll tell you anything you want to know,” I said in resignation.  “Ask away…”
“I have to admit to a morbid curiosity…like…okay, you want a new identity and you’ve found a name to use…what do you do next?”
Closing my eyes, I took a couple of deep breaths before answering.
“It would probably be best if I just quickly walk you through what steps I took instead of playing twenty questions.”
“Sounds good to me.”  
“You’re taking all of this awfully well.  Or are you just in shock?”
“You finish your story first, and then I’ll tell you mine.  We’ll compare our shocked expressions afterwards and see who wins.”
“So there is a reason you’re not all freaked out about my past?”
“Just believe me when I tell you that weirdness is kinda normal for me and my family and leave it at that for now.  After you’re finished, I’ll regale you with my pitiful tale…or as much as I can tell you until I can get you in front of a preacher.”
“Fair enough,” I nodded then took another deep breath.  “I’ll try to condense it, but I’m not very good at summing up sometimes.”
“Hey, we’ve got leftover Chinese takeout, the beginnings of an awesome sunset over an incredible view of the lake, and each other…it’s all good.”
Smiling gratefully, I began, “After I overheard Duncan and his agent talking at the nightclub, my first impulse was to run…just run away, as far and as fast as I could…but once I stopped to think about it, I realized that panicked flight wouldn’t help.  If Duncan hired someone to find me, I wouldn’t stand a chance.”
“Good thinking,” Ricky commented.
“Thanks…it also dawned on me that even though I knew what Duncan and his agent were up to…they didn’t know that I knew and that gave me the advantage.  The fact that Duncan didn’t know the book was finished worked in my favor, too, so what I needed was time to think…to figure out the best way to get away from Duncan for good.  That’s where my job came in to play.  I immediately started looking for a Caucasian girl, born the same year I was, who died shortly after birth.”
“You aren’t Jewish?  I mean, you don’t look Jewish…or what I’ve always thought was Jewish, but Miriam is a Jewish name…right…?”
“My mom wanted to use a Bible name and she liked that one, but my real name was a consideration when I chose my new identity.  I picked a name that sounded similar so I’d be more likely to remember to respond to people when they called me Mary.”
“Makes sense,” Ricky nodded.  “Mary Smith…Miriam Sanderson…”
“Catherine Mary Smith,” I corrected.  “I thought maybe the first initial would throw anyone off the trail if they were looking for an “MS” monogram, and I decided nobody would think it odd that I preferred my middle name.  So, once I picked the name, it was a simple thing for me to fix up an official copy of the birth certificate and, thankfully, the parents had already applied for a Social Security Number for her.”
“What about her parents?  Couldn’t that come back to haunt you?”
“Sadly, the parents died in the same house fire that killed their baby, but you’re sharp to catch onto that.  It was certainly another one of my concerns, and one of the other reasons I picked the identity that I did…no close relatives.”
“You’re stinkin’ smart, sweetheart,” Ricky said in admiration.  “I wouldn’t have thought all of that through…especially under the kind of stress you were obviously under.”
  “Again…a gift and a curse…so, after I had those two pieces of identification, I researched different states and decided on Texas because of the loose home-schooling laws.  All I had to do was tell people I was home-schooled and then take the GED.  Those are just as effective as a high school diploma.  Then I took the SATs and started some college courses.  I’d withdrawn all of my savings right before I left the city, and I had quite a bit saved up, but not enough to support myself and get another four-year degree, so I started looking for a job.  This one fell into my lap.  I was hired as a library assistant, found a house to buy, put a small down payment on it, and voilà, I became a certified member of the community.”
“So how did you get to be head bookworm?  Don’t you have to have a degree for that or something?”
“When Mrs. Fowler retired and nobody else with the right certification applied for the job, the council gave it to me as a temporary position with the understanding that if they found someone qualified, I would be demoted back to assistant.”
“I’m guessing they haven’t had much luck yet…?”
“They stopped actively looking about six months ago.  They like saving the money they’d have to pay a certified librarian.  Even though they pay me more than an assistant would make, it’s not much more. However, it’s enough to cover my expenses, so I’m happy with it.”
“You know, if you were to publish your life story, it would have to be slated as fiction because nobody would believe it.”
“I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction.  Are you ready to run screaming from me in terror yet?” I asked only half joking.
“My precious little Mary, surely you know me better than that in the…how many days have we known each other?”
“A few, at least,” I teased, relieved I hadn’t scared him off.
If Ricky were to leave me after all the time we’d spent together since Saturday night, I didn’t think I’d survive it.  My loneliness had been bearable before simply because I hadn’t known anything else, not since my parents’ death, but Ricky had shown me how life could be with someone special…someone to talk to…someone to share things with…someone to come home to after a long day at work…someone to—dare I say it—to love…
That I was headed down that road, I no longer had any doubt.  I could feel it growing in me, growing stronger with every minute I spent in Ricky’s company.  It had to be love, because no other word could possibly fit what was happening between us.
“There is one thing you haven’t clarified for me yet.”
“It wasn’t intentional.  Just tell me what it is and I’ll…”
“Are you sure it wasn’t intentional?” Ricky interrupted with a mischievous look in his eyes.
I exhaled in relief.  Ricky was messing with me…as usual.
“Well…” I said after pondering a moment, deciding to playing along, “maybe…just depends on what it is.”
“You obviously don’t want me to know.”
“Do I have a good reason to keep you in the dark?”
“If it’s because you’re embarrassed about it, then…no…that’s not a good reason.”
“Embarrassed…?” I repeated in surprise.  “I’ve admitted to breaking the law in at least two states…I don’t see how it could get much worse.”
“Oh, it’s much much worse.  You see…you conveniently omitted to give me the name you publish under…your pseudonym.  So, since I admitted to reading the book Duncan stole from you, I’m left to wonder if you’re too embarrassed to tell me, like maybe you don’t want me to read your werewolf stuff.”
“They’re mostly for teenagers, Ricky…teenage girls to be exact…and some adult women who love paranormal romances.  I don’t think they would be your thing at all.”
“So you don’t want me to read them.”
“It’s not that I don’t want you to…” I broke off at the skeptical look on his face.  “Okay, maybe I don’t, but…okay, fine…if you must know…my pseudonym is Chrystal Bahl,” I said then spelled the names out for him.  
“Very punny…I like it.  I know what I’ll be doing when I get home tonight.”
“You don’t have to, Ricky.”
“Are you that embarrassed that you wrote them?”
“I wasn’t, but now…I’m not so sure.”
“After I read them, do you want me to be honest or flat-out lie to you?”
“Don’t you dare lie to me,” I narrowed my eyes, “…ever.”
“Okay…okay,” Ricky held his hands up in surrender, “I was just kiddin’.  My momma raised me to be an honest and upstanding citizen…so no lying.”
“Sorry,” I muttered more than a little mortified by my outburst.
“Are you in the book?”
“It’s fiction, Ricky…”
“Yeah, but I know some…I mean, I’ve heard some writers put themselves into their fictional characters.  Did you?”
I couldn’t control the blush that colored my face.
“You did, didn’t you?  Which one is it?”
“That, sweet cheeks, you’ll have to figure out all on your own…and while you’re at it, see if you recognize yourself in any of the characters.”
“Wait…you wrote me into your book before you even knew me?”
“I wrote a character a lot like you…at least I think he is.  Of course, he’s quite a bit younger so it would be more like you in college.”
“Now I have to read your books.”  
“I knew I shouldn’t have told you,” I grumbled.  “Okay, enough about me…your turn.”
“Alright, but I can’t give you specific details yet…okay?”
“I get it…not until we elope.”
“Elope…really…?  When…?”
“Not any time soon, so chill out, dude.”
Ricky laughed out loud. 
“I love it when you talk dirty.”
“That’s not dirty,” I said with a frown.
“No, but the whole thing loses something in the translation if you say something like, ‘I love it when you talk surfer dude’…especially when you’re obviously not a dude…”
“Now who’s stalling?”
“You’re right, but in my defense what I’m about to tell you, I’ve never told anybody else before in my life…okay?  And you can never tell anyone else unless you have express written permission from certain parties who shall remain nameless until such time as an elopement between the party of the first part and the party of the second part…”
“I get it,” I interrupted, stifling a smile.  “Moving on…”
“Well, here we go,” he mumbled to himself.  “After all…what’s the worst he can do to me?”

Chapter 31
Ricky

“Okay, here’s the deal…so, my brother is famous.  He’s a well-known actor.  I can’t tell you his stage name, but I can just about guarantee you’ve heard of him.”
“Wow…”
“Yeah, so anyway, his name is Drew…”
“Drew…Drew…”
I could see the wheels turning, but I knew she wouldn’t get anywhere.
“That’s not the name he goes by when he’s…well…when he’s doing his acting stuff,” I finished lamely.
“How does he escape the publicity?  Surely everybody would know what he looks like.”
“You’d think…but you’d be surprised how much somebody can change their appearance when they really set their minds to it.  I mean, it’s not like Superman where he just changes out of his superhero outfit and adds a pair of glasses or even like Batman with the bat ears and the half-mask thing…Drew goes all out…anyway…you have to promise to stop interrupting or we’ll never get through this.”
“I promise…so is he more famous than Duncan?”
“Mary…”
“Just wondering…”
“Curiosity killed the cat…or in this case could kill the rat, which would be me, if Jake ever found out I told you any of this before we got hitched even though I could plead extenuating circumstances.  Although I doubt that would help.  What are you doing next weekend, by the way?  I’m free for a tying the knot ceremony…”
“Who’s Jake?”
“Oh man, I am so dead,” I groaned.  “I have no idea how I’m going to tell you anything without telling you everything.  If we get a license now, we could be married in three days, you know…just saying…”
“Who’s Jake?” she repeated.
“Jake’s the one who convinced Drew to…er…become an actor.”
“Okay, so we have Jake and Drew…anybody else I should know about but not know about?”
“That pretty much covers it.”
“Then go ahead with your story and I’ll try to curb my curiosity.  And I already told you I’m not ready for marriage yet.”
“Can’t slip anything past you, huh?  And yeah, I know you told me that but we will get married…it’s just a matter of time.  Believe me when I tell you that we wouldn’t be having this Jake and Drew conversation at all if I weren’t one-hundred percent sure you were the one.”
“One-hundred percent sure…?  Not even a smidge of doubt…?”
“I tell you what…I’ve decided to go a different route…”
“What do you mean?” she asked suspiciously.  “Are you trying to get out of telling me about you?”
“Nah, I just suddenly realized I could kill two birds with one stone by telling you a specific story about a stupid college guy that wanted to be famous and, after that, if you can’t see the difference you’ve made in me, then you can ask me that question about my being hundred percent sure all over again.  Deal…?”
“Deal…”
“I’ll start out with Drew already having made his first…already being famous, and we’ll go from there.  See, that’s when it all started for me because I was jealous…jealous of his fame…jealous of his money…jealous of the women constantly throwing themselves at his feet.  He didn’t even have to work for it…it just came with the acting…which was the part that appealed to me the most.  Funny thing, though, ironically Drew hated the fame and the women.  He liked the money, but not really enough to counteract all the other stuff.” 
“Then why did he do it…?  Become an actor…?”
“Like I said, because of Jake.  I can’t go into the how’s and why’s right now because that is a whole other kettle of fish and those fish’ll eat a man alive.”
“Jake convinced him,” Mary nodded agreeably.  “That’s all I need to know about that.”
“You’re learning.  Now, you see, sadly it took me longer than anyone else in the family to understand why Drew shied away from publicity and hero worship, but what can I say…I’m a slow learner.  I can go anywhere, do anything, be anyone I want and to heck with the media, but the media follows Drew everywhere he goes.  If he ever volunteered for something like the Peace Corps, it would make headlines, promptly turn into a circus, and nobody would ever get anything done.”  
“I couldn’t see that the same thing would happen to me if it ever got out that I was his brother…or maybe I could see it, but thought it would be great.  Anyway, I only saw what I wanted to see.  Thankfully, Drew was a whole lot smarter than I was and took care of that for all of us by becoming two totally separate people.”
“Drew hated being a ‘movie star’, but I loved it.  I remember wanting so badly to tell people about my famous brother when I was in college so I could use his fame to become instantly popular without having to work at it.  Are you seeing a trend here with me and the whole social laziness thing…?”
At her nod, I continued, “I even brought it up once—thinking he might agree if I promised to only tell a few people—but Drew jumped all over my case, shoving some newspaper clipping in my face about a famous rock star that fans had gone crazy over and mobbed.  It put the poor guy in the hospital.  Stupid kid that I was…I thought that was cool.”
“He kept trying to get it through my thick head, but I still couldn’t see past the perks so, finally, he got desperate.  He knew he couldn’t control me, realized I was a ticking time bomb just waiting to go off, and figured he needed to do something major…and it had to make a lasting impression.”
“So, Drew came home for a couple of weeks while I was on spring break—hiding from the world and resting up while his beard grew back in, having just finished filming his…uh…one of his…um…things—and the tabloids were making a huge deal about him and one of his female co-stars.  I started grousing to him, as usual, about how he always got all the beautiful women without even trying, and I guess he’d had enough.”
“Thinking back, I can’t believe Drew put up with me at all.  He had to have been sick to death of hearing me constantly moaning and groaning about how lucky he was to have tons of gorgeous women throwing themselves at him.  I just wish I could forget how moronically excited I was when he finally offered to take me to on a trip to California disguised as a cousin of his famous acting alter ego.”  
“We flew to California dressed like us so we wouldn’t draw any unwelcome attention.  Drew was pretty grouchy, mostly I think because it meant shaving the start he’d made on his beard and having to wear the fake one, which he hated even though it had been custom-made, and that always put him in a bad mood.  I just pretended not to notice.  Basically, I didn’t care.  I was about to enter a world I’d only dreamed about, and I was on a high even his nasty temper couldn’t touch.” 
“Okay, wait a minute,” Mary interrupted.  “I get that your brother wears a disguise, but everybody’s got a paper trail…how does he remain anonymous and still get a paycheck or do his taxes?”
“Nice work,” I said in admiration.  “You’re quick.  It took me years to wonder about that myself.  I was right, you are stinkin’ smart.”
“Not really, it’s just that I ran into the same problem with the whole Chrystal Bahl thing.”
“How did you deal with it?”
“I started up my own corporation.”
“So you pay yourself out of that?”
“No, actually, all the money I’ve made so far is still in the corporate bank account,” she admitted.  “I haven’t even paid myself any dividends.”
“How much have you made so far?  If you don’t mind me asking…”
“Not much, yet…only about three thousand dollars.  My first book was just a novelette, which has been selling well, but since I only charge ninety-nine cents for the e-book, it takes a lot of sales to make any money.  My second book is a full-length novel and I charge almost three dollars.  It doesn’t sell as well as my ninety-nine cent one, but I get more per book so it evens out.  I just now published my third book, so I’ll have to wait and see how it does.”
“I could get Jake and Drew to help you figure it all out if you want,” I offered.  “A long time ago Jake came up with the idea of using a shell corporation to hide his identity and he brought Drew into it when he…”
“Why does Jake need to hide his identity?  Is he famous, too?”
“Oh man…I’m getting into some deep doo doo here.”
“Well that’s a nice visual.  Thanks so much.”
“Sorry…look, that’s not something I can tell you yet…not unless I want to end up dead in an unmarked grave…”
“It’s okay…I get it…go on with your story.”
“Okay…where was I?  Oh yeah…anyway…they aren’t doing anything illegal like trying to evade taxes or running guns or selling drugs or anything, but the corporation pays them through a bunch of other dummy companies or something like that and then buys things for them to use like the old four-story apartment building in Los Angeles where Drew took me.”
“And it’s all perfectly legal…?”
“Says the girl with the stolen identity…” I chuckled.  “Everything Jake does is above board…believe me…he’s not about to do something to land him in jail.”
“Okay, so you’re at the apartment building in LA…” she prompted.
“Yeah, see, the front is just a normal entrance, so we went in that way to an apartment Drew keeps under his real name, but the cool underground back entrance…hmm…I’m getting ahead of myself.”
“Anyway, we took a taxi to the building from LAX and walked up to Drew’s apartment, which was on the third floor.  Talk about your major let-down…I mean, it was okay but nothing to write home about.  It only had one bedroom and bath, and those were kinda blah and boring…but then he showed me his closet…now that was too cool.”
“What was so cool about it?”
“The fact that it had a key pad that opened up a fake wall…I’d call that pretty cool.  So that’s when things really started to get interesting.  There was a whole new world back there.  The secret door led to a hallway with an elevator and a staircase—obviously not intended for public consumption—and those led to the fourth floor where there was a huge three-bedroom apartment that Jake and Drew used whenever they were in town as…well…not Jake and Drew.”
“Drew wanted to rest up and wait until the next day to go out, but I wouldn’t let him, so we spent the afternoon getting ready.  I couldn’t very well go out in public looking like me, so he showed me how to dye my hair and gave me a pair of his tinted contact lenses to change my eye color.  It was all pretty uncomfortable, but I ate it up.  Now I cringe when I think about how determined I was to do whatever it took to join the glittering world of the rich and famous, but I was a total moron back then.”
“Back then…?” Mary raised her eyebrows.
“Hey!”
“As you’re so fond of saying…just kiddin’.”
“I’ve corrupted you.”
“Yes…yes you have.  Deal with it.”
“Anyway, he helped me dye my hair and then he suggested a new style…kind of what I wear right now, just short and spiky, except my hair was longer then so we used a ton of gel to get it to stand up and stay put.  I didn’t even mind when he covered me with makeup.”
“You wore makeup…?” she asked in a shocked voice.
“And here you were thinking the lipstick I borrowed was a one time thing.  Don’t worry, it was just a little base on my face…um…my neck…my hands…my arms…any skin that showed or might ever show…Drew said I needed a darker skin tone to throw people off if they happened to see me later when I was myself again.  Oh, and eyeliner…don’t want to forget that.  I have to say, I looked wicked in the black jeans and tee Drew bought for me.  And the pièce de résistance, of course, my black leather jacket…I didn’t even recognize my own reflection.  I remember thinking Drew was a genius.  It was totally insanely cool.”  
“But the coolness was just beginning.  We rode the elevator down to the parking garage below the complex where there were like five different cars to pick from…and not just your everyday run-of-the-mill cars, but real live sports cars.  Drew let me choose so of course I picked the black Lamborghini with the black leather interior thinking it would fit our image perfectly.  The red Porsche would have worked, too…or the silver Ferrari…”
“Okay, I get it,” Mary smiled indulgently, “moving on…”  
“So there I was, picturing us zooming down the highway, everybody looking at us and wishing they were us…and yeah I hear how lame and stupid and immature I was, but in my defense I was only twenty, so…”
“Like I’m going to judge you when you’re practically forcing me to admit that’s exactly how I felt when I was with Duncan except I was twenty-three and should have known better,” Mary said bitterly.
“We live and learn…anyway, there we were in the hottest sports car I’d ever seen outside of magazines and Drew never once even inched over the speed limit.  I was totally ticked.  I mean, what’s the good of having a sports car if you’re going to drive like granny grunt…right?”
“Of course, I never thought about what Drew would do if he got stopped and had to show his license and registration…I’m not even sure whose name was on the registration or if he even had a valid driver’s license under his other name…but since I’d never paid much attention to consequences…” I shrugged.  “You know, looking back, it wasn’t that I ignored consequences—not purposely—I just never thought about them much.  I’ve always been more of a ‘live and let live’ kind of guy.”
“I don’t see that at all.  You came all the way out to Rockpointe after we’d barely even met just to make sure I was okay.”
“Yeah, well, that’s my whole point with this story…you’re different.”
“Different as in strange, weird, odd…?”
“Different as in I’m suddenly OCD, but only about you.  Did that come out as ‘stalker scary’ as I think it did?”
“Yes, it did, but since I’m feeling the same way about you, we’ll just accept it and move on.  Now, getting back to your story…you’re in the cool sports car…”
“Oh, yeah…so, Drew makes me swear off alcohol for the night since I was underage, which was totally okay with me as I don’t like the taste, I just pretend that I do, which is another story for another time.  Anyway, the last thing he needed was for me to get drunk and tell everybody who we really were.  That’s one of the reasons Drew never drinks anymore.  Although, I think maybe Jake beat it out of him or something.  Jake’s hard-line when it comes to stuff like that.”
“But to get back to my story, things started out great and got even better later.  Everybody knew Drew, so we got into the nightclub fast, and I suddenly had girls begging for my attention. All of them wanted me—Candy, Buffy, Mitzi…they all had names like that—and I ate it up.”
“After a couple of hours, the girl named Mitzi decided she wanted me to herself so she dragged me over to a corner booth and we were making out like crazy when Drew butted in and said it was time to go.  I was pissed.”
“Mitzi, huh…?”
“Oh yeah…Mitzi…and she was smokin’ hot…so hot in fact that if I’d seen her without her makeup and dyed red hair and what I’m pretty sure were implants, I’d have passed her on the street without a hint of recognition.”
“Are you just saying that to make me feel better?” she asked with narrowed eyes.
“I’m saying that because it’s true, and I was an idiot who didn’t know any better.  Any man who woke up with her the next morning would have most likely gotten the shock of a lifetime, because I’m pretty sure none of her…er…stuff would have looked the same in the cold light of day.  You, on the other hand, can’t help but look sexy even with no makeup, your hair in a ponytail, wearing old gray sweat pants and a white t-shirt at least three sizes too big, and frowning at me like I kept one of your library books for five years.”
“I sound horrible,” Mary wrinkled her nose in disgust.
“You sound adorable,” I contradicted, planting a kiss on her wrinkled up nose.  “Now, I am about to about to regale you with one of the most defining moments of my life, so pay close attention.”
“Yes sir,” she predictably saluted.
“Obedience…” I sighed.  “I love that.”
“Don’t get used to it,” Mary warned.  “You may continue with the story of your defining moment now.”
“Yes, Oh My Queen…”
I bowed as far as my sitting position allowed.
“Obedience…” Mary mimicked.  “I love that.”
“Anyway…that night at the club proved to me that what I’d been saying all along was right, and Drew was a complete moron for not realizing what a cool thing he had going.  The next night, however, proved who the real idiot was…and it wasn’t Drew.”
 “After a bunch of begging on my part, Drew finally agreed to take me back to the same club, but with conditions.  We had to go as our boring, old, normal selves.  I realize now, that was his plan all along, but I didn’t know it at the time or I would have been so…”
“Ticked…” Mary finished for me.  “I don’t like that other word so we’ll stick with this one.”  
“Yes ma’am,” I tried to look suitably chastised but couldn’t quite disguise my grin.  “Anyway…I had no clue what Drew was planning so I was all for clubbing again.  I wanted to see Mitzi to finish what we’d started.  I knew she liked me and Drew promised it would be the same basic group of people at the club, so I figured she’d be there.”
“The evening started out so differently, and was quite the letdown.  We used the front door of the apartment building and took a cab instead of a cool car, and when we got there, Drew had to pay the bouncer like a couple hundred dollars just so we could get into the joint.  That was the beginning of the end, because the night spiraled down from there.”
“Just like the evening before, Drew disappeared as soon as we got inside, but I didn’t care.  I’d already spotted the same girls, sitting at the same table, drinking the same drinks—which should have given me my first clue, but didn’t—and I headed straight for them.”
“I knew they wouldn’t know me right away, but I guess I figured at least Mitzi would get it once I started talking—I mean we’d all but undressed each other the night before…”
“Too much information,” Mary growled.
“Sorry,” I threw her a half grimace, “I really get into telling stories.” 
“I noticed.  You may continue, but with judicious editing.”
“Don’t worry, there’s no more hot and heavy stuff.  So, I introduced myself and cracked a few jokes to kind of break the ice, but nobody laughed.  They all just sat there staring at me with blank expressions on their faces.  It was beyond creepy.  Then Candy butts in and says something like ‘Who are you?’ and I tell them my name again and she says ‘Yeah, got that part, but who are you?’ like it’s a different question altogether, which I guess for them it is.”
“So I tell them one more time and add that I’m from South Dakota.  Then Mitzi asked if I was ‘somebody’.  I say ‘everybody is somebody’, but nobody thought that was funny.  Mitzi finally snaps her fingers in my face and tells me to get lost then turns to the rest of the table and said—I’ll never forget what she said as long as I live—and I quote, ‘Forget him girls.  He obviously bribed Freddie to let him in.  He’s a nobody.’  If I could have curled up and died right there, I probably would have.”   
“But, idiot that I am, I regrouped.  I absolutely refused to give up…refused to accept that I wasn’t the same person they’d all fawned over the night before no matter how I was dressed, idiotically convinced that the sheer force of my personality was enough for any girl.  I started stuttering about the night before and threw Drew’s ‘famous’ name in there and finally got Buffy’s interest.  She asked me if I’d been there at the club the night before and if I’d met the ‘famous’ guy.  I promised Drew I wouldn’t use his other name to get the girls to like me, so I had to say no I hadn’t met him, but I could say that I’d seen him.”
“I must have been a masochist, because what I said next was nothing short of pure unadulterated desperation, even though I kinda knew how it would end.  I told the whole table I’d watched them the night before, slobbering over a ‘nobody’ just like me so they were all a bunch of hypocrites.  And good ole’ Mitzi, she said, and again I quote, ‘He isn’t a ‘nobody’ like you.  He’s nothing like you.  That was Mitch Hunter’s cousin, and he is the bomb!’  So I say, ‘You think he’s the bomb just because he’s related to Mitch Hunter?’  And she says ‘Well, duh!’
“Um…Ricky…?”
“Then she starts babbling about how Mitch Hunter noticed her when he found us making out and she said she almost died…can you believe that…?”
“Ricky…”
“So I ask her if that’s why she was making out with his cousin…just to get Mitch Hunter’s attention and she said, ‘Again…duh!’ and then she calls me a loser and tells me to get lost because I’m bothering them.”
“Ricky, you know you just…”
“They all started laughing and then Candy says, ‘Hello, don’t hicks from Montana understand ‘get lost loser’ and I just stood there like a moron while they all laughed at me until Drew pulled me out of the joint.”
“Ricky,” Mary finally managed to interrupt my tirade, “I don’t think you were supposed to tell me that Mitch Hunter, the famous actor, is your brother.”
“What…?” I asked, startled.
“Mitch Hunter…?”
“Oh hell, I said his name…didn’t I?  Drew’s gonna kill me.  Unless Jake gets to me first…cuz there won’t be anything left to kill after that.”
“Don’t worry, hunnybuns, they’ll never hear it from me.  My lips are sealed.  Besides, I’d like to keep you around for a while.”
“So, now you know the Hunter family deep dark secret.  Are you gonna to go all dewy-eyed over my brother when you meet him?”
“I’ll be in awe.  I mean…Mitch Hunter…wow…but I only go dewy-eyed for one man…and Mitch Hunter isn’t that man.”
“Good answer,” I leaned forward and placed a well-aimed kiss on her lips.
“Hmm…” she sighed, eyes closed.  “Is Jake another actor?  They sound like they’re good friends.”
“I slipped up and told you about Drew’s stage name, but there’s no way I’m going to tell you anything about Jake until we tie the knot.  The man is scary beyond words and he’ll know.”
“Not if we don’t tell him.”
“Oh darlin’,” I shook my head, “believe me when I tell you…he’ll know.”
“We’ll just leave it at that, then.  I’m glad your brush with fame helped you get your priorities straight.”
“Yeah, poor Drew…I was so pi…ticked that I pouted all the way back to South Dakota.  I knew it wasn’t his fault, but I felt like shooting the messenger.”
“That seems to be human nature.”
“Well, my human nature avoided the whole female population after that.  I decided I couldn’t trust any of them…and I was doing pretty well until Tammy came along.”
“Tammy?”
“My ex-fiancée…”
“You were engaged!”
“Um…sorta,” I hedged.  “Did I forget to mention that?”
“Yeah, I think you did.”
“I guess you wanna know about it, huh?”
“Ya think?”
“You’re not gonna like me much.”
“I admitted to stealing a dead baby’s identity, and you think an ex-fiancée is going to bother me?  Let’s put this all in perspective here.”
“Good point…and one that I want you to remember when I admit to how I got her to break up with me.”
“Now that’s a statement that requires explaining if I ever heard one.”
“I’m just gonna make a long story short here and cut to the chase…Tammy latched onto me, I let her because of that whole ‘live and let live’ philosophy I told you about, plus the fact that she was a hot red-head…”
“You got a thing for red-heads?  First Mitzi, then Tammy…”
“They were both dyed red-heads, and no I don’t…I have a thing for hazel-eyed, sandy-haired brunettes…or at least one hazel-eyed brunette…and that’s it.”
“I can live with that.”
“Glad to hear it…now as I was saying, I just sat back and let Tammy take over, but when she started telling everybody we were engaged and picking out rings…well…I panicked.  Yeah, the making out was good…and I wanted to sleep with her, but once or twice would have done it for me.  I sure didn’t want to marry her to get her into bed.”
“I thought you said you were a ‘wait for marriage’ kind of guy.”
“Hey, I didn’t say I would have done it…just that I wanted to.  It’s hard keeping your pants on when a hot female keeps trying to get you into the sack.”
“She did?”
“Yeah, now that I think about it, she probably knew I wasn’t going for the whole marriage routine and figured she could trap me into a shotgun wedding.  There’s something to be said for celibacy, by the way.”
“How did you get her to break up with you?  And why would you do it that way instead of just dumping her?”
“Hello…‘live and let live’ motto…”
“That excuse is wearing a little thin.”
“Fine…I hate making waves…confrontations…that sort of thing.  I like life to be in the middle…you know…no big ups and downs.  I don’t even like roller coaster rides.”
“And yet you’re dating me…”
“Yeah,” I chuckled, “go figure.” 
“Back to the other question you neatly avoided…how did you do it?”
“I…um…I…did I tell you that one of the things I didn’t like about Tammy was her attitude towards charity work?  I volunteered a lot, and she hated that.  Plus, she ordered me to stop giving my money away.”
“I’m guessing that didn’t go over so well.  Now, quit stalling and tell me how you got her to dump you.”
“I joined the Peace Corps.”

Chapter 32
Mary

“So, I showed Dot our secret make-out spot today,” I said as I lay with my cheek on Ricky’s chest while he reclined on the blanket with one arm cushioning his head and the other one curled around me.
As I played with the buttons on his shirt, I debated about undoing them so I could run my fingers over his chest, but decided that might be a bit more stimulating than either of us could handle.  Up to that point, we’d scrupulously avoided roaming hands, but mine wanted to roam…badly.
“You what…?” he jerked into a sitting position.
“You know, the hole in the upstairs closet at the library.  She is such a romantic…”
“You told her about…about…?”
“I didn’t have to go into details, but I’m glad to know I can make you speechless.”
“I’m not speechless; you just took me by surprise.”
“Yeah, right…keep telling yourself that…”
“So you didn’t tell her that’s where we get it on sometimes?”
“Dot has plenty of imagination and came up with that idea all on her own.”
“Maybe she should try her hand at writing.  Give her an outlet that isn’t us.”
“I told her the same thing…well…the first part, and she admitted that she’d been working on something, just not lately because she’s been too busy.”
“Do you think she’ll show you?”
“I told her I’d be happy to help her with the editing, but…who knows?”
“Will you tell her that you’re Chrytal Bahl?”
“Maybe…”
“You could be her inspiration.”
“There are so many authors that would be a better inspiration for her than a self-published wannabe like I am.  I’m not sure how much help I’d be to her.”
“If Duncan hadn’t stolen your story…”
“I’d still be self-published,” I broke in.  “I would never have had the connections to go the traditional way.”
“What if…?” Ricky began then stopped abruptly.
“What if…what…?”
“I want to hold you some more,” he said instead as he lay down on the blanket pulling me with him.  
Once again, I found myself listening to his strong and steady heartbeat under my ear as I fiddled with his buttons.  I could tell he wasn’t wearing a tee under his shirt and I could feel the fine spray of chest hairs beneath the thin material.  It fired my imagination and sent weird sensations shooting through me.
I really wanted to touch him, but something held me back…and I didn’t think it had anything to do with a possible lack of self-control.
“What were you going to say?”
“Nothing important…so, I was wondering…have you ever seen any of my brother’s movies?”
“I’ve never been much of a movie-goer.  I mean, I know who your brother is and all, but I’ve never seen any of his movies.  I’ve read all the Agent Jack Knight books, though.  Does that count?”
 “Did you like them?”
“I really did…in fact I liked them so much I thought I’d try Donne’s other one, the dark fantasy one.  I liked his use of the devil and heaven and hell, but a lot of people didn’t and some of the critics tore into him…people who apparently don’t like the whole idea of the Christian Fiction Fantasy thing or the historical slant he put on the first part of the book.  I personally enjoyed the fact that the book started out centuries ago and showed how the main character arrived in modern day.”
“He really got blasted on that book,” Ricky agreed.  “I doubt he’ll ever write the sequel.”
“I haven’t heard that rumor.  I was rather looking forward to the sequel.”
“Oh…well…I…” Ricky stammered, “I’m just guessing.  I know I wouldn’t write another one if I were him…which I’m not…so…how would I know…”
“Oh my gosh,” I exclaimed sitting up abruptly, “it’s Jake isn’t it…he’s I. M. Donne!  How could I have missed that?  It’s the only thing that makes sense.  That’s how Jake got to know your brother and convinced him to take the part…”
“Do you think you could yell that just a little bit louder?  I don’t think that fisherman on the other side of the lake quite heard you.”
“Sorry…sorry…but I’m right, aren’t I?” I continued in an excited whisper.  “You know I. M. Donne…?”
“Okay, it’s official.”
“What’s official?”
“You’re nuts.”
“You’re just now figuring that out?”
“Well…I’ve had my doubts, but you just confirmed them.”
“Do I want to know what confirmed it?”
“I tell you that my brother is Mitch Hunter and all I get from you is a ‘Wow’, but you find out that I know I. M. Donne and you practically hyperventilate.”
“I am not hyperventilating.”
“I think I’m jealous,” Ricky teased as he propped himself up on his elbows.  “I thought you only turned that shade of pink for me.”
“You…you…you’re impossible.”
“And you’re impossibly cute,” Ricky said as he reached up and traced his finger down the side of my cheek, “especially when you’re angry.”
“Do you make me angry on purpose?”
“I’m afraid maybe I do…and that is so not like me…so it must be all your fault.”
“My fault…?  How is that my fault?”
Before I knew what was happening, Ricky had me flat on my back, hands on the ground on either side of my head, holding himself above me, his lips mere inches from mine.
“Because I’m so hot for you I can’t think straight and I want to make sure I do the same thing to you,” he murmured.  “When you’re ticked you forget to hide what you’re feeling.”
“You’re hot for me…?”
“Just like you are for me.”
“Am I…?”
“Don’t for one minute think I haven’t figured out why you’ve been so fascinated by my buttons.”
“Excuse me?”
“Mary…Mary…Mary…” Ricky clicked his tongue at me, “All this time we’ve spent together…hours and hours every day for the past week…and you don’t think I know when you want to run your dainty little fingers over my bare chest?”
I could feel the pinkness creeping up my neck and overtaking my whole face as I grabbed his shirt and attempted to hide, but the material wouldn’t stretch that far.  Releasing his shirt, I closed my eyes and prayed that the ground would open up and swallow me whole…anything to escape my embarrassment.
“Mary,” Ricky said gently, “don’t for one minute think that I don’t want the exact same thing.”
My eyes flew open at that.
“You do?” I whispered hoarsely.
“Why do you think I wore a button-down and left off the t-shirt even though it’s the middle of winter…?  I figured you could warm me up…so have at it.”
My eyes wandered down to the buttons under discussion and I licked my lips nervously, but didn’t move.
“You’ve never touched a man before, have you?” he asked in an understanding tone.
Wordlessly, I shook my head, still carefully avoiding his eyes.
“That’s why I’ve had to initiate everything between us, isn’t it?”
I nodded slightly, hoping he didn’t think me foolish for my lack of experience and inhibitions.
“Unbutton my shirt, sweetheart.”
Mutely, I shook my head.
“Mary…look at me,” Ricky coaxed.
Slowly, I lifted my eyes to meet his and gasped at the intensity of his gaze.  His warm brown eyes burned into mine.
“I am so turned on by you right now that I’m not sure I’ll have enough self-control to keep from losing it, but darlin’, if you don’t touch me right now I think I might explode anyway.”
“Ricky…”
Rolling over onto his back, Ricky sighed heavily and closed his eyes.
“Your choice, babe.  Just know that I’m your more than willing guinea pig.”
For a minute…or two…or three…I allowed my eyes to rove up and down Ricky’s well-built body, drinking in the sight without worrying about him watching me.  I could see he was…excited…and I knew my face had flushed a bright pink once more, but I continued my scrutiny in spite of that.
As my eyes reached the ‘V’ at the top of his shirt where he’d left only one of the buttons undone, I swallowed hard.  I knew a lot of guys thought that leaving a lot of chest and chest hair exposed was sexy, but I didn’t think so.  My imagination didn’t need any help.
Ricky was just…Ricky.  He was exactly what he appeared to be without any of the artificial sensuality that Duncan oozed.  Looking back, I could see that everything Duncan had done in public was for effect, and I couldn’t believe I’d ever fallen for that.  The fakeness of it all was such a turn-off.
On the other hand, the fact that Ricky never tried to be sexy was ironically incredibly sexy to me.
He never showed off his bulging biceps—I’d only caught a tantalizing glimpse of them while he was installing the deadbolts—never drew attention to his well-defined chest muscles—if I hadn’t felt them under my cheek as I lay on his chest I wouldn’t have known he was so built—and he never gave any indication that he had any idea how cute his buns and muscular legs were in his tight jeans.
Without even trying, Ricky put thoughts in my head and sent feelings scorching through me that I’d never before experienced.
Tentatively reaching down with both hands, I placed my hands side-by-side on his chest.  I flinched at his quickly indrawn breath, but didn’t remove my hands.
“I’m all yours, sweetheart,” Ricky murmured encouragingly.  “Have at it.”
Holding my breath, I began with the top button.

Chapter 33
Ricky

“I finished reading your books last night after I left you,” I said on Saturday morning, as soon as I’d helped Mary up into my side of the pickup and slid in after her.
I loved the feel of her body next to me on the bench seat.
She looked at me questioningly, but remained silent.
“It’s okay,” I assured her.  “I check for bugs every time I get in now and, in case you didn’t notice, I stayed at the front door keeping an eye on it while you stuffed your workout clothes and burn phone into the backpack I brought you and grabbed your jacket.”
“Good,” she exhaled in relief.  “I’m just so paranoid lately.”
“It’s not paranoia if you’re really being bugged, sweetie.  So, do you want to know what I thought…?”
“About what?”
“About your books…”
“Oh, that…um…maybe…?”
“Okay,” I teased, “if you really don’t want to know…”
“You know I do,” she sighed in surrender.
“I’m Quort and you’re Georgia.”
“How did you…?”
“Come on, girl…he’s the funniest character in the books…Quort has to be me.”
“True,” she admitted smiling.
“So, do you want me to go bed a harem of women so I can really be him?”
“Don’t you dare,” Mary threatened as she slapped my arm.  
“How about I give myself a bunch of superhero nicknames like he did?  Which one should I pick?  Hmm…let me think…” I pretended to ponder.  “I’m liking Flash…”
“I’m liking Ricky,” she countered before asking, “How did you figure out I was Georgia?”
“That was obvious,” I said as I started the pickup.  “Georgia was serious and quiet and sweet, but with a hidden sense of humor that Quort manages to pull out in the third book when they finally get a chance to meet.  She’d also been through a lot, just like you.  But the real clincher was the fact that you put Georgia and Quort together.  I’d call that a no-brainer.”
“So you liked them as a couple?”
“Another no-brainer…it was like you were psychic or something.  You wrote our story before we even met.”
“Quort’s a bit cruder than you are, but…”
I laughed, cutting off the rest of her statement.
“Wait ‘til you really get to know me before you make a final judgment like that,” I suggested in amusement.  “You have no idea how crude I can be.  You might decide to turn tail and run.”
“Oh dear,” Mary said in mock dismay.  “How will I ever survive it?”
“So that doesn’t bother you?”
“Think about it, Ricky.  Who wrote Quort’s character?”
I let that sink in for a minute before replying.
“I might be the one in for a shock,” I admitted grinning.
“You might at that.”

Chapter 34
Mary

“Where are we going?” I asked as Ricky pulled away from my house.
“There are a couple of things I do most Saturdays, so I thought I’d show you up front what they are and see how you feel about them.”
“What if I don’t like them?”
“Then I want you to be honest and tell me so I can work my hobbies around your schedule.”
“You’d do that for me?”
“Sure…I figure you’ll have times you want to write, and I’d just be in the way, so…”
“And it won’t bother you if I need some…alone time…”
“Even my parents, who are obviously crazy about each other and have been married like…forever…have to do their own thing sometimes.  Mom says it keeps their marriage fresh.”
“Are guns one of your hobbies?  You mentioned something about a shooting range that first night…”
“That’s our second stop.”
“What’s our first one?”
“Think ranch…”
“Horses…?”
“Right in one.”
“But I can’t…I’ve never…they’re so big,” I finished on a horrified whisper.
“Don’t worry…I called ahead and asked for Dolly.”
“Dolly…?  Who’s Dolly and why would you ask for her?”
“Jealous…?” he chuckled glancing at me sideways.
“Yes.”
“As you should be, cuz Dolly is the sweetest little ole’ Quarter horse mare I’ve ever met in my life and, if I were a stallion, we’d already be hitched and having foals.”
“She’s a horse?”
“Yep, and your best friend for the morning.”
“You don’t mean I have to actually ride her…?”
“Just try it one time and if you don’t ever want to do it again, I won’t ask you to.”
“Promise…?”
“Promise.”
“Then I’ll do it.”
“Good…” he began.
“But you owe me one free trial,” I broke in hastily.  “Whatever I want you to try, you’ll do it without complaining, at least once.”
“Actually, by this evening, I’ll owe you two of those free trials.”
“Two…?  You don’t expect me to shoot a gun, do you?  I’m a girl.”
“So…?”
“I thought I was just going to watch…you know…cheer you on…”
“There are plenty of girls there and they aren’t there as cheerleaders.  A lot of them shoot better than I do, so see…it’s not just a guy thing.”
“But those things are dangerous…even more dangerous than a horse…”
“Guns are dangerous,” Ricky admitted, “especially in the hands of idiots, but that’s all the more reason to learn how to handle them correctly.”
“Is that why you weren’t scared when Officer Lancet had his gun pointed at you?”
“Oh honey,” Ricky chuckled, “I was scared all right, but I could tell by the way Lancet handled his Glock that he knew what he was doing so at least if he’d shot me it would have been because he meant to do it, not because his hands were shaking so badly he accidentally pulled the trigger.”
“Well, that makes it all just fine and dandy then.”
 “Just one time, Mary…that’s all I ask,” Ricky coaxed.  “Again, if you absolutely hate it, that’s it…all done…I’ll never ask you to go ride or shoot with me again.”
“What if I accidentally shoot somebody?”
“I’ll be right there with you the whole time,” Ricky promised.  “Trust me, sweetheart, I won’t let anything bad happen to you…or to anyone else because of you.  Deal…?” 
“Deal…” I agreed reluctantly.

Chapter 35
Ricky

“You were great, babe, I’m so proud of you,” I said before I tore off a huge bite of hoagie.
“Dolly was the one who was great,” Mary contradicted, playing with her salad.  “She was so patient with me.”
I shook my head and swallowed a large amount of DP before trying to talk.
“She was good, but you have a natural seat,” I enthused.  “I mean, you were posting on your first lesson.”
“Posting…?”
“Most people just bounce around when their horse is trotting, but you…”
“Oh that,” Mary shrugged it off, “I couldn’t help it.  Dolly kept throwing me up in the air and finally I just quit fighting it.  I have to admit, it was smoother that way, but I may never be able to stand again…my legs feel so weak.  If it weren’t for that thing sticking up on the front of the saddle…”
“The saddle horn,” Ricky chuckled.  “Dolly must have gotten tired of all your bouncing and decided to do herself a favor and help you post.  She is one of the smartest horses I’ve ever ridden and that’s saying a lot.  She’s every bit as smart as a pony, but without the orneriness.” 
“You’ve ridden her?”
“My horse threw a shoe one morning, and Dolly happened to be available.  I have to admit, I wasn’t impressed with her size, she’s only 14.1, but you’d never find a better conformation on a horse.  And boy, she sure showed me what for…took everything I dished out and asked for more.”
“She’s a sweetie,” Mary smiled, “and I loved feeding her that carrot.  Your horse, Keeper, is nice, too.  Where’d you get that name?”
“I’m…uh…not very good with names so when I saw him I said something like he’s a keeper…” 
“Sounds perfectly logical,” Mary agreed with a laugh.
“So, you liked riding?”
“Couldn’t you tell?”
“Well, most of the time I thought you were enjoying it, but sometimes it looked like maybe you weren’t so much.”
“Oh, no, I loved it…it’s just…”
“Just…what?”
“I…um…it’s just that…”
“You can tell me anything, you know.”
“Okay, look…I loved riding, but I know I was holding you back and that kind of spoiled it for me.”
I laughed in relief.
“Is that all it was?  Thank goodness.”
“I hate that I slowed you down.  If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have had to spend so much time in the corral trying to teach me stuff and even when we got out on the trail, you couldn’t go as fast as you wanted.”
“You’ve been honest with me, so I’m gonna be totally honest with you…okay?”
Mary nodded miserably.
“I love horses, whether I’m riding them or brushing them down or just talking to them…I enjoy all the time I get to spend with them.  That said, the one thing I enjoy more than that is being with you, so the fact that this morning I got to do both things at one time…well…it just doesn’t get any better than that.”
“You’re sure you don’t mind?”
“Are you saying what I think you’re saying?  Do you want to ride with me on the weekends…?”
“Do we have to wait until the weekends?”
“Sometimes I sneak in a ride or two during the week.”
“But what if Dolly isn’t available?”
“She will be.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I own her; after that one ride, I knew I had to have her.  I planned to breed her with Keeper, but not until she’s five.  She’s a bit on the short side, but since Keeper’s not but 15 hands I think they’ll be good together.”
“You own her?” Mary repeated in amazement.
“Yep…and now you do.”
“I do what?”
“Own her…she’s yours…consider her an early wedding gift.”
“Ricky…”
“Don’t worry, I’ll keep the papers in my name until after the elopement, but for all intents and purposes Dolly is now yours…congratulations.”
“Thanks…” Mary replied uncertainly, “…I think…”
“Now…on to the shooting range,” I said happily finishing off my hoagie.
“Oh joy.”

Chapter 36
Mary

“You didn’t like that much, did you?” Ricky asked as soon as we made the pick-up.
“They’re so heavy and loud and hard to hold onto to…”
I shrugged helplessly.
“So horses yes, guns no,” Ricky grinned as he opened his door and boosted me up into the vehicle.
“I think I want to do it a few more times,” I said hesitantly, “just so I know about them, but it’s not something I have to do much…is that okay?”
“I have to admit, I’m glad you like horse riding because I really wanted to share that with you, but the gun thing…it’s mostly like you said, something to learn enough about to be able to deal with one if you had to…no big deal.”
“Great,” I sighed in relief as I buckled my seatbelt.  “How often do you go shooting?”
“Only on Saturdays…but I usually ride Saturday and Sunday.”
“So you gave up your horse-time last Sunday for me?”
“I’d give up everything for you, my Mary,” Ricky leaned over and quickly planted a kiss on my lips.  “Don’t you know that by now?”
“We’ve only known each other a week, Ricky,” I whispered as our eyes met.
“The best week of my entire life,” he murmured placing his lips on my forehead and leaving them there for a few minutes as his hands came up to cup my face.
Trailing kisses down my nose, he paused for a moment at the tip before slowly claiming my lips.
We smelled of horses and sweat and gunpowder and a whole lot of other things I didn’t want to think about, but it didn’t seem to matter as I responded wildly to his kisses.
Somehow, I was out of my seatbelt without even realizing it and in Ricky’s lap with the steering wheel digging into my side, but I didn’t care.
I lost all contact with earth as Ricky’s kiss deepened in intensity beyond anything I’d ever dreamed about much less experienced.  There was no thinking involved as I clung to him, returning his passion with a fervor I didn’t even know I possessed.  As Ricky’s hands sought out places I knew he shouldn’t, instead of stopping him, I turned to give him better access as I worked the buttons on his shirt.
Suddenly, my ears were ringing…or at least I thought they were…until Ricky pulled away with a muttered “Not now.”
“Ricky…?” I slowly lifted my eyelids as he shifted slightly towards one side.
“My phone,” he groused as he dug it out of his back pocket.  “I should have turned it off.”
Hitting the mute, he tossed his cell to the passenger side and turned back to me.
“Kinda killed the mood; probably for the best, though.  I don’t know about you, but I was a little out of control.”
“I didn’t even know your cell rang,” I admitted huskily tucking my head under his chin and breathing hard.  “Should I move…?”
“No sweetheart,” Ricky sighed, tightening his arms around me, “I’ll be fine in a few minutes…I hope.  I’m sorry I let myself get so carried away.  My only excuse—and it’s a pretty lame one—is that I just spent the day with the woman I love doing two of my favorite things…make that three,” he corrected with a deep chuckle, “cuz making out with you tops the list…and it pushed me over the edge.”
“I toppled right over the cliff with you.  I never understood how girls ended up as unwed mothers, but I do now.  With Duncan it was all so controlled and…and…”
“Passionless,” Ricky suggested.
“I had no idea what I was missing,” I admitted before asking, “Is it always like…um…that…whenever you kiss a girl?”  
“My cute little hunnybuns,” Ricky laughed, “it’s never been like that when I kissed a girl.  You are the only one that has ever…er…how do I put this without sounding crude…”
“Raised your flag way past full mast…” I offered sweetly still able to feel the evidence of his arousal.
Ricky roared with laughter.
“That you did, darlin’…that you definitely did.”

Chapter 37
Ricky

“Do we have to go?” Mary asked nervously as soon as she’d returned from the restroom where she’d changed clothes while I took care of our tray of empties after eating—or rather picking at—our pizza.
Mary, predictably, only ate the toppings, but she claimed she’d eaten enough.  I seldom ate fewer than six pieces, but I’d only managed to down three and found myself hoping those wouldn’t make an unscheduled reappearance.
Neither of us was looking forward to self-defense class.
“Mark’s been calling my cell for the past hour, so I’m gonna go with ‘yes’.”
“Why haven’t you answered?”
“The truth…?” I asked as I held the door open for her.
“Of course.”
“I’m more than a little ticked off at him right now.”
“Because he’s keeping something from you…?”
“It’s more than that,” I said taking her hand and leading her to my pickup.  “If he’s involved then he knows that we’re dating.  I’ve given him days to come clean, but I haven’t heard from him until now.”
“Why do you think he’s been calling you all afternoon?”
Opening the door to the pickup, I helped her in then slid in after her.  
At her questioning look, I said, “Don’t worry, I didn’t take my eyes off my truck the whole time we were in there.  Nobody messed with it.”
“So, what do you think Mark wants?”
“He wants you to show up at the gym tonight.”
“And you think we should…”
“We can’t run from this thing, Mary,” I said with a tinge of frustration in my voice.  “As much as I’d love to just run away with you and never come back, it wouldn’t help.  Duncan isn’t going to stop.”
“I know,” she whispered as she rested her head on my shoulder.
“Let’s get this over with,” I sighed as I started the engine.
We drove to the gym in silence, each lost in our own thoughts, but gripping each other’s hands as if afraid someone would try to rip us apart.
Which is highly likely, I thought with unaccustomed bitterness.
I’d asked Mary to leave everything but her phone and keys at home so she wouldn’t have to use the girls’ locker room, and I’d done the same.  Our matching burn phones and keys were safely zipped into our sweat bottoms and I planned to make sure they stayed that way.
“I expected some odd looks when we showed up together,” I murmured to Mary as I parked the pickup, “but that is ridiculous.”
“You didn’t tell Denise we’re…um…seeing each other?” Mary asked in surprise as I cut the engine. 
We slid out of the pickup and I slammed the door shut, punching the button to lock it before I answered.
“Like when have I had the time?”
I took her hand in mine and with my free hand, I waved at the shell-shocked Denise as I hurried Mary towards the gym.
“Have you told anybody?”
“Nope.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t…” 
“Yes, we should,” I interrupted as I tightened my grip.  “Besides, I want to see who’s not surprised by our ‘togetherness’.  Obviously, Denise had no idea…she’s never been much of an actress so I’m sure she didn’t know…so let’s go see who deserves an Oscar and who should keep their day jobs.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The bug…the tails…the stakeouts…the policemen who may or may not be actual policemen…” I pointed out.  “Somebody or a lot of somebodies know we’ve been spending all of our free time together.  Wouldn’t you like to know who those somebodies are…who’s all in on this thing…?”
“I’m not sure,” Mary whispered.
“I’ve got this, sweetheart,” I squeezed her hand reassuringly.  “Just stay close to me.”
Everything would be fine, because there was no way I was gonna let her out of my sight.  
Yep…I had it all planned…Mary wouldn’t leave my sight the whole time we were in there no matter what happened.
What could possibly go wrong?  
But somehow, Mary’s bladder must not have gotten the memo…

Chapter 38
Mary

“It’ll be fun, Mary,” Ashley coaxed, “A girls’ night out while the boys do their own thing.”
“Right,” Rachel chimed in, “since Ashley refuses to have a bachelorette party and Mark won’t even consider a bachelor party, we need to do something.  They’re getting married in two weeks.”
“Besides, with you and Ricky dating, we should all get to know each other,” Ashley pointed out.  “We’re one big happy family.”
“Who all will be there?” I asked reluctantly, unable to argue with Ashley’s logic, but desperately searching for an ‘out’.
“Just us,” Rachel assured me.
“And me,” a voice piped up from behind me.  
“Denise,” I smiled in relief.
“Oh but…” Rachel began.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ashley’s barely perceptible head shake and realized that the two of them hadn’t wanted to involve Denise in whatever they were planning.
That made up my mind for me.
Linking my arm through Denise’s, I said cheerily, “Well, as long as it’s all four of us, I’m game.  I especially want to get to know Ricky’s sister.”
“Good…wonderful,” Ashley said brightly.  “We’ll meet at Rachel’s house between six and seven tomorrow evening after church for pizza, popcorn, and ice cream sundaes.  We’re all looking forward to getting to know you better, Mary.”
“And I’ve got a ton of stories about Ricky,” Denise offered.  “It’ll be great.”
“Sounds like fun,” I said in a faint voice.  “I can hardly wait.”

Chapter 39
Ricky

“Have you totally lost it?” I exploded in disbelief the moment we cleared the front door of the gym.  “You agreed to willingly walk into the lion’s den and offer yourself to the nearest set of sharp teeth…?”
“Denise will be there.  I’ll be perfectly alright.”
“I don’t like it.”
“You know them, Ricky…do you really think they’d hurt me?”
“I’m not sure what to believe anymore.”
“You trust your sister, right?”
“Yeah,” I admitted grudgingly.
“So, I’ll have her pick me up at your apartment and then you can go do your ‘guy’ thing.”
“I don’t like this at all,” I said as I punched the button on the remote.
“Neither do I, but like you said, we can’t run away from it…it will just follow us.”
“Throwing my own words back in my face…” I grumbled as I opened the door for her.
“Yes…and very well, I might add.”
As she slid in, I glanced at my backpack and froze.
Mary glanced at me questioningly and I put a finger to my lips and motioned her back out of the pickup.  Slamming the door shut, I took her hand and moved a short distance away from the pickup.
 Pulling her close, I buried my face in her neck and murmured, “Somebody messed with my backpack so we have to assume the worst.”
“What’s the worst?”
“Somebody now knows that we know that you’re being bugged.  They could have hardly failed to miss the bug detector.”
“Do you think they bugged your pickup?”
“I don’t know, but just to be on the safe side, we’ll act like it is.”
“What does that mean about tomorrow night?”
“You can go, but Denise has to stay with you the whole time…got it?”
“Yes, Mister I’m-The-Boss-And-You-Have-To-Do-Whatever-I-Say Britches.
“Learn it…live it…love it,” I grinned.  “See…I can quote your fictional characters, too.”
“I’m impressed.”
“As you should be.” 

Chapter 40
Mary

Once again, I threw the wrong card.  I just couldn’t seem to concentrate and, as much as I hated to admit it, I knew it was because I had no idea where Ricky was or what he was doing.
What exactly did constitute boys’ night out for Ricky’s friends?
“Is anything wrong, Mary?” Rachel asked in concern as we tallied up the points and Ashley jotted down the totals.
“Everything’s great,” I replied with feigned cheerfulness.  “Why?”
“You just seem so…quiet.”
“I’m not much of a talker.”
I shrugged and tossed some popcorn in my mouth.  
“Anybody need a refill?” Rachel asked, getting up off the floor and heading for the kitchen.  “I could sure use some more ginger ale.”
“You shouldn’t be drinking all that sugar,” Denise called after her.  “You don’t want to get pregnancy diabetes.”
Rachel returned carrying a bowl of ice and an unopened liter bottle of ginger ale.
“No nagging tonight, Nurse Killjoy,” Rachel pouted.  “I get enough of that from Christopher.”
“So, where did Dr. Krohl say he was taking the guys?” I asked with forced casualness.
“Someplace…um…guy-ish,” Ashley replied vaguely.  “Mark spends way too much time hovering over me like an old mother hen.  He needs some ‘guy time’.”
“Same here,” Rachel laughed as she shuffled the cards.  “Christopher seems to think I can’t take care of myself.”
“I imagine it’s much worse now that you’re pregnant,” Ashley commiserated.  “I shudder to think how protective Mark’s going to be when we start a family.  I might never get to leave the apartment again.”
“You two just don’t know when you’ve got it good,” Denise accused.  “I’d give anything for what you have…over-protectiveness and all.”
“I’m sorry, Denise,” Ashley said.  “You’re right.  I wouldn’t trade Mark for anything.  It just gets a bit frustrating at times…”
“It’s okay,” she sighed.  “I’m oh for two in the male department.  Two attempts at a serious relationship and they both failed miserably.  First Daniel—although using the words ‘Daniel’ and ‘serious’ in the same area code is totally stupid which is why I dumped him—then Aaron…” she shook her head in resignation.  “I guess I’m just not the type to inspire life-long devotion and commitment.”
“Who are Daniel and Aaron?” I asked, curious in spite of myself.
“Daniel is one of Mark’s old college friends,” Denise explained.  “We had a thing for a while.  He drove up here from Austin as often as he could, and it lasted a few months, but Daniel is an immature jerk—kinda like my brother, Ricky—so…”
“Ricky’s not a jerk,” I objected vehemently before I could stop myself.  “He’s sweet and nice and…and…” I trailed off in shock at what I’d just done.
All three turned to stare at me.
“So it’s true,” Denise said in wide-eyed wonder, “you really are in love with Ricky…”
“No…no…we…I…” I stuttered then fell silent closing my eyes and berating my stupidity.
I’d practically begged Ricky not to say anything about us being serious and definitely not anything about all the marriage talk, and then I go and practically announce it to the world.
Dummy…idiot…moron…
“It’s all right,” Rachel said gently, laying her hand on my arm for a moment.  “Whatever relationship you and Ricky have is none of our business, but…”
Rachel hesitated and Ashley took over for her.
“We’re here to help, Mary,” Ashley said quickly.  “That’s what we do for each other.  Rachel helped me accept my horrid childhood, the fact that things happened to me that I couldn’t control, which was something I had to do before I could accept Mark’s proposal, and…”
“And by helping Ashley,” Rachel picked up where Ashley left off, “I helped myself recover from my own childhood trauma…things I’d hidden so deeply inside of me that I hadn’t even realized they were affecting me during my whole first marriage.  Christopher helped and had to endure a lot of my bad-tempered outbursts, but I needed Ashley, too.  Sometimes you need someone you can talk to who can actually relate.”
“What kinds of childhood issues?” I asked almost reluctantly.
“I was sexually abused by my stepfather,” Ashley offered without hesitation.  “Mark was the first person I told of my own free will, and he helped me like Dr. Krohl helped Rachel, but Rachel is the reason I’m finally able to marry Mark and not cringe at the thought of our wedding night.”
“And my stepfather was a psychopath who controlled my mother and me through physical and mental abuse,” Rachel said.  “I might be the one with the official letters after my name, but Ashley helped me at least as much as I helped her…if not more.”
“Wow,” Denise exhaled loudly, “that’s…that’s…incredible.  I didn’t know any of that.”
“It’s not something you spring on people for no reason,” Ashley admitted.
“But you both have a reason,” I said quietly.  “Don’t you?”
“You do?” Denise asked in surprise.  “What’s going…oh my gosh!  That’s why you weren’t going to invite me.  Something’s going on with Mary, isn’t it?  And you didn’t want me to know…”
“Denise,” Ashley began in warning.
“It’s okay, Ashley,” I sighed in resignation as I stood, “I knew something was up…and you’re right, I do have things in my past that I…well…let’s just say we all have our skeletons.  I simply prefer to leave mine firmly locked up in my closet.”
“You don’t have to do this alone, Mary,” Rachel stood and faced me.
“I know,” I half-smiled, “I have Ricky.”
“We could help if you’d just…”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said as I turned to Denise.  “I seem to have developed a slight headache.  Would you mind if we left early?”

Chapter 41
Ricky

As I followed Mark into the nightclub, I wondered what the heck was going on.  Mark was hardly the nightclub type.  From church services to a bar…definitely weird.
Once inside, a barely-dressed, gum-smacking ‘hostess’ led the way to an already occupied table in one of the darkest corners of the room.
“Good evening, Ricky,” Dr. Krohl stood and shook my hand.
“Hi,” I replied cautiously.
Although Mark appeared to be good friends with Dr. Krohl despite the age difference, I’d personally never had much to do with him.  Being buds with a shrink struck me as the height of stupidity.  The thought of subjecting myself to somebody analyzing and judging me in a social setting didn’t appeal.
Fresco, still seated at the table, merely grunted and immediately downed a shot glass full of what looked to me to be whiskey in a single gulp.
Talk about your motley crew.
“Please, join us,” the Doc said, waving towards the two unoccupied chairs at the table.
My eyes shifted between the two possibilities while I pondered which was worse…sitting next to a shrink or glowering gorilla man.  One look at the fixed scowl on Fresco’s face and I decided it was a no-brainer.  Grabbing the seat next to the shrink, I quickly plopped myself down.
Since Mark invited him, I figured I’d let him deal with the almost grotesquely-muscled thundercloud.
“Well, isn’t this all nice and cozy,” I said in a light tone.
Mark sat down and turned to me as a waitress magically appeared.
“What’ll you have, Ricky?”
“A DP is good.”
“I thought you’d at least want a beer,” Mark said with a frown.  “Aren’t you the one always going on about how I need to loosen up?”
“Not in the mood, I guess.”
“Might I suggest, gentlemen,” Dr. Krohl offered smoothly indicating the bottle Fresco had just set back down after refilling his shot glass, “joining me in this excellent bottle of Bourbon?  It took a bit of persuasion, but the owner finally agreed to part with it.”
Although I tried to hide my grimace as I sipped the Bourbon, I could feel the shrink’s eyes on me and knew he could see the stuff not only didn’t appeal to me, but I actually hated it.
“So Ricky,” Mark cleared his throat, “you and Mary…I have to admit, I didn’t see that one coming.  I thought you’d be headed towards the nearest high ground…”
“Guess I finally found someone that makes me psychotic,” I said with a shrug, recalling our conversation from just over a week ago.
It somehow felt as if it had been longer.
“Luckily, I specialize in psychosis,” Dr. Krohl said in amusement.  “Care to share…?”
“Nope,” I said shortly, “I’m good.”
“You and Mary have only known each other for a week, Ricky,” Mark said, “but it looked like you were already getting pretty serious.”
“And that’s a problem for you because…?”
“I just don’t want to see you get hurt.”
“Ah…” I smiled, but it wasn’t a very nice smile, “I see.  You’re concerned about me.”
“It is only natural that your friends would worry about you,” Krohl said.  “Human nature is such that…”
“Don’t try that psychological crap on me, Doc Shrink,” I broke in.  “I don’t have a degree in psychology, but I’m not stupid.  Let’s cut the crap, shall we…?  Let’s not pretend that this whole boys’ night is about me and the boys.”
“What do you mean?” the shrink asked with what I had to admit was an excellent rendition of a mildly shocked man.
“Divide and conquer…that’s what this evening is about.  You’re after something, so you figure to separate us and pump us for information.”
“Your wild accusations smack of paranoia,” Krohl suggested.
With a snort of disgust, I turned to Mark and asked with a slight edge to my voice, “Should I even bother, or are you going to play dumb, too?”
Instead of looking at me, Mark sat holding his shot glass with both hands staring into it as if the answers to life’s greatest questions were in there.  He sure wasn’t in any hurry to take a drink of the Doc’s fancy schmancy Bourbon.  I’d never seen him drink alcohol of any kind before, much less the strong stuff, and I was one-hundred percent positive he hadn’t touched a drop of that Bourbon since he’d arrived.  
Come to think of it, Doc hadn’t touched his either.  
The only one who had actually downed any of it was the gloomy Fresco and, as far as I could tell, he was a bottomless pit.  And the more he drank, the more morose he became.
I hadn’t thought it possible.
But the thing that bothered me most of all was the fact that Mark had tried to get me to drink.  He’d never done anything like that before…in fact, he’d always been concerned with my reputation for never turning down a beer.
It was as if he and his pals were trying to get me drunk. 
There was no way any of them—not even Mark—could know that would never happen.  Getting drunk was so out of the realm of possibility for me that it was almost comical.  I never ordered anything stronger than beer and, even then, never finished one.  I could barely stand the taste.
It was a trick I’d figured out in high school.
With my two main philosophies of ‘live and let live’ and ‘don’t rock the boat’, I’d been forced to come up with a creative way to deal with peer pressure at a fairly early age.
Whenever I’d attended a party, I’d carry a beer around pretending to take small sips then get somebody to hold it for me while I took a leak.  Never failed, it was always gone when I got back.
When someone insisted I have another, I’d grab a new one, hold onto it until nobody was looking, and then find a place to set it down without anybody noticing.
Worked like a charm.
Glancing around the table, I realized that I wasn’t among friends.  Sure, Mark and I had a relationship…of a sort…and I’d thought we were friends, but I realized that he’d obviously sold me out at the first sign of trouble.
I could understand his siding against Mary…after all, he didn’t know her…but once I’d joined the fray, I expected better from him.
Suddenly, I was fed up with the whole thing.  If my ‘friends’ were on the right side and were so concerned about me, then they could damn well tell me what was going on.
“I know Ashley was involved with the whole key thing in the hall,” I said finally.  “Would anyone care to enlighten me as to what that was all about?”
I had to hand it to Krohl, he didn’t blink or show any of the obvious signs of surprise, but Mark…Mark couldn’t hide the flinch.
“You don’t want to tell me anything, and that’s your right, but I’m sure you’ll understand if I don’t hang around for the rest of the boys’ night out,” I stood and reached for my wallet, then thought better of it.  “Instead of a tip for the waitress, I’ll leave all of you one…stay the hell away from us.”
As I made my way to the entrance, a voice hailed me from behind.
“One moment, Ricky…if you please…”
“What…are you a stalker now, Doc?”
“Why would Mark think you are a heavy drinker when it is apparent that you dislike alcohol?”
“That’s your question…?  That’s what you’re the most curious about?”
“Humor me.”
“Maybe I just don’t like the fancy schmancy junk.”
“Your face and body language tell a different story.”
“So you’re a stalker who analyzes his victims…good to know.”
“I fear we may have erred by excluding your active participation once you became involved with Ms. Smith,” Dr. Krohl admitted, “but from the things Mark…from the information I possessed regarding you, nothing led me to believe that you would welcome the…er…opportunity.”
“Perhaps next time you should just ask.”
“I shall bear that in mind.  I suppose it is too late to ask for your cooperation at this point.”
“Depends on what that cooperation entails.”
“Information...that is all.”
“About…?”
“I believe you already know the answer to that one.”
“Hmm…yeah…not happening.”
“May I ask why?”
“You can ask, but unless you’re willing to tell me everything you know about what’s going on and let me run it past Mary to see how it flies, you’re pretty much dead in the water.”
“That is unlikely.”
“Then I regret to inform you that my cooperation is even more unlikely.”
“I see…then it appears we have reached an impasse.”
“And I believe that’s my cue to exit stage right,” I said as I turned to leave.
“And the curtain falls,” I heard the shrink murmur from behind me, “End of Act Two.”
Shivering from more than the cold, I wondered just what the doctor and his cohorts had planned for Act Three.
I was pretty sure I didn’t want to know, and every bit as sure that I wouldn’t be given a choice.
My future with Mary was beginning to look bleak.

Chapter 42
Mary

“Ricky,” I answered the burn phone Ricky had bought me, relieved to hear his voice.  “Where are you?”
“Just leaving the bar where we had a rousing good time,” he replied in a sarcastic tone, “…you…?”
“With Denise, pulling onto I75 as we speak,” I said.  “How did your night go?”
“Can Denise hear me?”
I glanced at Denise who seemed to be concentrating on merging into traffic.
“No, she …”
“If that’s Ricky,” Denise broke in, “tell him he can pick you up at my apartment since it’s closer.”
“Did you hear?” I asked into the phone.
“Yeah, I’m not far from there.  We’ll talk then.”
Ricky was already in the parking lot waiting for us when we pulled in.  Denise had, thankfully, been quiet the whole way.  I was pretty sure the evening had been quite a shock to her.
After hugging Denise goodbye—even though she didn’t know it yet, she was practically family—I allowed Ricky to hurry me to his pickup.
Since we still didn’t know if the pickup was bugged—Ricky hadn’t had time to locate a replacement for his bug detector and wasn’t willing to trust one that might have been tampered with—we rode in silence for a while.  I didn’t know Dallas well, so I had no idea where we were going, but wasn’t really surprised when Ricky pulled into the parking lot of a mid-priced hotel.
We were running out of options as far as privacy went, and we needed to talk.
After checking us in as Mr. and Mrs. Smith using my ID and Ricky’s cash to pay for the night, we headed up to our room on the third floor.  The hotel clerk hadn’t even questioned our lack of luggage.  He’d simply appeared bored and jaded…and had probably seen a lot worse.
As soon as Ricky shut and bolted the door behind us, he started in about the whole “guys’ night out” charade.
“The kid gloves came off,” he said in disgust.  “I confronted them…called them on it.  The shrink apologized nicely for leaving me in the dark, asked for information on you, then politely pretended to accept my answer when I refused.  Same with you…?”
“Close enough…Do you really think they’re working with Duncan?”
“I don’t know, Mary, but Mark was as uncomfortable tonight as I’ve ever seen him so whatever it is they’re doing, it’s big, and he doesn’t like it.  Even so, I do know that he would never be a part of something that wasn’t right so if they’re in on it with your old ‘friend’, it’s because Duncan’s somehow managed to twist the truth around to make you out as the bad guy.”
“But he wants to kill me,” I whispered in anguish.  “Surely nothing Duncan said could justify that.”
“That could be part of the lie he fed them…that he just wants justice, when all along he plans to hire someone to kill you once they’re sure it’s really you.”
“I’m scared, Ricky,” I admitted hoarsely.  
“I know, sweetheart.  Look, why don’t you call Dot and tell her you won’t be in tomorrow.  Tell her you don’t feel well, which is about right…you really do look pale.”
“What about tonight?”
“I don’t feel right taking you home yet…we need time to think and talk without interruptions or worrying about bugs.”
“But I used my driver’s license to check in…”
“Yeah, and they’ll probably figure out where we are eventually, but I doubt they’ll bother us.  It’s not like we’re skipping town.”
“So what will we do tomorrow?”
“I’ll call in sick, too, and we’ll just hang out and talk about what to do next.” 
“And tomorrow night…?”
“I don’t know…we’ll discuss it, but I’m thinking maybe I should stop by my apartment and pick up the fake ID I used to use when I was in college, just in case we need to disappear for a while.  If I’d been carrying it around with me, we could have used it tonight.”
“Will it work?”
“It’s actually not bad for a fake.  The guy we got them from was like a genius or something and was really good at it.  None of us ever got caught.”
“When this is all over, remind me to ask you exactly why you felt the need for a fake ID when you were in college,” I scolded.  “Especially when you told me you don’t like alcohol.”
“Right,” Ricky agreed facetiously, “I’m sure gonna put that on the top of my list of things to do…remind you to gripe me out in that scary librarian voice you use on the poor unfortunates stupid enough to return a book late or get too rowdy in your library.”
“Just so we understand each other,” I said snootily before giving in and giggling.  “I am so running on nerves here.  Are you sure staying here together for the night is a good idea?”
“You can trust me, Mary.  I might want to do something…okay, I will want to do something…but I won’t.  Unless, of course, you beg me…then I’d probably agree to a make-out session.”
“Beg you?  As if…and that’s not what I meant.  What if they think we’re trying to run away and decide to do something…?”
“That’s what furniture is for.  We’ll do up all the locks and then prop a chair under the doorknob.  I don’t think anybody in their right mind would risk waking up the whole hotel just to get into our room.  Of course, it’s debatable whether or not they’re in their right mind.  We could ask the shrink, but since he’s one of them…”
“I’m still not sure this is such a good idea.”
“Trust me, Mary…we’ll talk, get a good night’s sleep, and maybe see things with a clearer head tomorrow.  I’m just so pissed…uh…ticked off at everybody right now I need some cooling off time before I have to deal with any of them again.”
“Alright, but after what happened in the pickup, I don’t think a make-out session is a good idea…not with a bed in the room.”
“So I guess that means no getting naked, huh…?” Ricky teased as he threw himself on the bed.
“Got that right, mister,” I replied, perching on the edge.
“Spoilsport…”
“My middle name…”
“Aw…man…you would have to go and bring him up,” Ricky groaned.
“You started it by calling me what Shun always calls him in the Agent Jack Knight books,” I pointed out.
“True…my bad.”
“Is Donne really as scary as you make him sound?”
“Jake is Jack Knight come to life.  He’s six foot four of pure muscle with a wicked scar on his cheek and black eyes that cut right through you.  And his hands…” Ricky shuddered.  “Allison is one brave woman.”
“Who’s Allison?”
“Jake’s wife…Mark’s mother…”
“I. M. Donne is Mark’s father?” I asked in shock.
“Actually, Jake’s my brother’s father.  He’s Mark’s stepfather.”
“I don’t…uh…you…what…?”
“Did I happen to mention that my brother Drew is adopted?”
“I think you skipped that part,” I replied in a daze.
“Oh man…there’s so much…where do I even start?” Ricky muttered running his hand through his hair.
“How about at the beginning…?  That would be fitting, since that’s the name of Donne’s first book.”
“Alright, but this could take some time.”
“We’ve got all night,” I smiled and scooted up to join Ricky leaning on the headboard.  “I’m not going anywhere.”

Chapter 43
Ricky

We stayed up talking a good part of the night and finally fell asleep around three in the morning.
I still hadn’t told Mary everything, but I would eventually…if we lived that long.
Never in my life had I felt so frustrated and helpless and…angry…
Other people had hidden agendas that could totally ruin our lives and there was nothing we could do about it.  We couldn’t run, we couldn’t hide, and my attempt at confrontation had failed miserably.
I had no idea what to do.
If I just had some idea of what they were planning…
Mary slept hard, but I tossed and turned all night, and it had nothing whatsoever to do with the hardness of the floor where I’d insisted on sleeping.  Being in a bed with Mary would have been way too much of a temptation.  It was tough enough trying to sleep five feet away from her with most of the empty bed between us.
Even once I’d fallen asleep, I had weird dreams…dreams of Lancet and Stevens dangling Mary by the arms from on top of the Empire State Building demanding to know her real name while Fresco clung to it like King Kong, beating his chest with his free hand.  Meanwhile, Mark kept laughing at me and telling me I was psychotic.
I awoke with a start to find a pair of gorgeous golden eyes watching me in concern.
“Are you okay, Ricky?”
“Uh…yeah…” I groaned as I rose up on one elbow.  “What time is it?”
“Just after ten…are you sure you’re alright?”
“Bad dream…”
I collapsed back onto the floor, my head thankfully hitting the pillow Mary had tossed me from the bed the night before, or my head would have probably exploded.
“What’s that smell?” I asked sniffing the air.
“I ordered room service.  I hope that’s okay.”
I sprang up off the floor with renewed energy.
“You are an angel,” I said as I kissed her cheek and headed for the bathroom.  “Be right back.”
We ate breakfast and then, meeting each other’s eyes, realized we were just putting off the inevitable.  Still, neither one of us wanted to bring it up.
Finally, I pushed away from the small table and leaned back in my chair saying, “We don’t have many choices here.”
“I know.  I’m so sor…”
“No apologies,” I said curtly then, noticing her flinch, I set my chair back down on the floor and took her hand, softening my voice as I added, “no matter what happens, sweetheart, we are in this together.  None of this is your fault and I don’t for one minute want you to feel like it is.”
“Okay,” she whispered.
“Now, as I see it, we only have two choices…stay or go…and out of the two, staying is the only viable option.  If they could find you after all the hocus pocus you pulled to disappear, then I think it’s safe to say they’d find us no matter what we did.  Besides, running always makes you look guilty.  They might suspect who you are, but right now I’d be willing to bet that they don’t know for sure.  And, come to think of it, we can’t be sure this all has to do with Fletcher.”
At Mary’s skeptical look, I conceded, “It probably does…what are the odds that it’s not Fletcher…right…?”
She sighed.
“So, we don’t know what they have planned, but whatever it is, we most likely aren’t going to appreciate it much.  Do you think Fletcher might want you back first…?  I mean, after all, he was expecting a sequel…”
“I ran away, so I doubt he thinks that’s an option…”
“I did have a thought last night while I was trying to chill out enough to get to sleep…what if Lancet and Stevens aren’t in on it with Mark’s…uh…not even sure what to call them, but for lack of a better term…Mark’s cohorts.”
“You think there might be more than one group out to get me?” Mary asked in horror.
Realizing what I’d done, I jumped out of my chair and pulled Mary up and into my arms.
“I’m sorry, darlin’, just forget I said anything about that,” I tried to soothe her, but I could feel the terrified stiffness of her body.
Cursing my stupidity, I tried again.
“I’m sure that it’s all one group…I can’t imagine Fletcher hiring two different ones to…” I broke off abruptly realizing I was only making things worse.
“To kill me…?” she finished for me and I could hear the beginnings of hysteria in the tone of her voice.
“We don’t know for sure…”
Mary pushed away from me and I didn’t like the wild look in her eyes.
“But we do know…don’t we…?” she challenged.  “It’s what he does.  And he doesn’t need me for the sequel…all he has to do is find someone who has a similar writing style and convince them to write it.  It’s not difficult…there are a lot of us writer-wannabes around who are willing to believe any line we’re fed in order to get published.  How could I be so idiotic?” she collapsed on the floor and buried her face in her hands.  “How could I have been so needy that I was willing to believe every stupid line that lying murderous bastard fed me?”
I stood over her helplessly, wanting to comfort her, but realizing she wouldn’t react well to it.  At that point, I was afraid she’d equate any thing I said with the lines that Fletcher had used on her, and I couldn’t risk that.
Instead of reaching out to her, I sat on the floor directly in front of her and waited, praying that she would instinctively turn to me when she was ready.  If she didn’t, if she instinctively turned away from me, I knew our fledgling relationship was in trouble.
A few minutes later, my heart jumped into my throat as she lifted her face out of her hands and threw herself into my arms.
“We’ll be okay, my sweet Mary,” I murmured in her hair.  “I’ll take care of you.  Everything will be fine.”
I hoped to hell I wasn’t lying.

Chapter 44
Mary

It took me quite a while to calm down, and even longer to convince Ricky that I was through with my pity party, but eventually we checked out of the hotel and he drove me to my house…after we stopped at his apartment so he could change clothes.
Honestly, we didn’t want to rejoin the real world—we’d become attached to our own personal twilight zone at the hotel—but we knew we had to…hiding out for any length of time would still bring trouble to our door.
Ricky had eventually called into work and explained that he’d overslept because he wasn’t feeling well, and had assured them he would be in the next day.
Since I’d never gotten around to calling Dot the night before, I remedied that oversight and told her the same thing.
Neither of us could afford to skip work indefinitely.  Ricky had a major project that was in the final stages of completion and his boss was relying on him to see it through, and I hadn’t finished training Dot, so I couldn’t leave her alone for too long.
We spent part of the day at my house talking and the rest of it at the lake in our favorite spot with a couple of large pizzas.  He claimed that I was his excuse for ordering extra since I insisted on leaving the crust, which he promptly demolished along with his own slices.
By that evening, I realized that Ricky planned to spend the night.  I didn’t even bother to pretend that I didn’t want him to…just grabbed a pillow and a blanket from my linen closet and silently placed them on the couch.
If I’d put any faith in our ability to keep our hands and lips to ourselves, I would have let him share the bed with me, but we both knew what would happen if we did that, and we both knew we would regret it.
Early the next morning, after a quick shower, Ricky left for work, promising to call me at least every hour. 
I spent the day on pins and needles counting the hours by his phone calls, just waiting for the other shoe to fall and knowing without a doubt that it would fall.  It was simply a matter of time.
When Ricky called around four and said he’d be a little late because Mark wanted to talk to him, I wasn’t surprised.  In fact, I’d been expecting it…or something like it.
Although Ricky still held out hope that Mark would be honest with him, I didn’t.  In fact, despite Ricky’s assurances to the contrary, I knew that once my true identity was confirmed, I was dead.  Duncan was a past master at persuasion, and I fully believed he’d convinced Mark and whoever else was involved that I was the villain.  
Such was my state of mind that, once I’d bolted the front door after Dot’s departure at five, I was not at all surprised to find that the backdoor was unlocked…and since the backdoor stayed locked at all times except for deliveries, that could only mean one thing.
I wasn’t alone.
Trying desperately not to panic, I reached into my skirt pocket for my cell—which I usually left in my purse at my desk, but because of Ricky’s periodic calls had opted to carry around with me—and pushed the number one on the speed dial.
My call immediately went to voice mail.  Something was wrong…very very wrong…
That was when I decided I had to get out of there…and fast.
Covering the last five feet to the backdoor in record time, I stuffed my cell back into one pocket as I pulled my keys out of my other one, but just as I reached for the doorknob, a mockingly familiar voice stopped me cold…
“Going somewhere, Ms. Smith?”

Chapter 45
Ricky

“What’s up?” I asked as I plopped myself down on the couch Mark and Ashley usually used for making out.
Although I used to shudder at the thought, I found myself wondering what it would be like to throw Mary down on that very couch and…
Shaking myself hard, I tried to focus on what Mark was saying.
“I thought maybe we could…you know…hang out tonight…” Mark said as he leaned against the desk.
“Like guys’ night out…?  Cuz we all know how well that went over.”
“Just you and me,” Mark assured me.  “It’ll be like old times.  We could rent a movie, order a pizza…”
“Just like old times…” my lips twisted wryly.  “In other words, Ashley’s coming…”
“Maybe…”
“Then I’ll go get Mary and we can make it a foursome.”
“No!”
“Are you planning to tell me what’s going on, Mark?  And don’t bother lying…as I’ve pointed out more times than I care to count…you’re not very good at it.”
“He’s right, you know,” Ashley agreed from the doorway of the office.  “You pretty well stink at lying…but I have to admit, I’m selfishly glad.  I’ll always know if you’re telling me the truth.”
“So, Ashley, is it your turn to feed me a bunch of bull?” I asked in a feigned polite tone.
“Don’t go to Rockpointe today,” Ashley said abruptly as she shut the door and joined Mark at the desk.
“Why not?”
“We’re just asking you not to drive to Rockpointe today,” Mark said.  “It’s only one evening…”
“Yeah, like that’s gonna happen,” I snorted, rolling off the couch and immediately heading for the door.  “Well, if that’s all you wanted me for, I’ll be going now.”
“Ricky…”
“Obviously something’s wrong here, so since you’re not gonna tell me anything, per your usual, I’m outta here.”
Pulling the door open, I found myself staring up at a man who’d give Jake Wright a run for his money in the huge department…and he didn’t look happy to see me.
“Going somewhere, Hunter?” 
Okay, this is bad…the monster truck dude knows my name.
“I’ve got this, Fields,” Mark said grabbing my arm and pulling me back into the office.
The giant followed anyway, shutting the door behind him.
“I say we tie him up,” he suggested folding his arms across his massive chest and leaning back against the door, “and gag him for good measure.  He talks too damn much.”
“What’s going on here, Mark?” I asked in annoyance shaking off his hand.  “And who is this idiotic muscles-for-brains gargantuan blocking the door?”
Although I realized the massive creature guarding the exit could probably flatten my 5’11” a hundred and eighty pound frame with one fell swoop, I didn’t care.  Even the fact that he wore a gun holster under his jacket meant nothing to me.
Mary was all that mattered…and Mary was in danger…I could feel it.  Whatever they had planned, it was going to be soon and they wanted me out of the way while it went down.
“Smart ass,” the monster named Fields grumbled.
“Oh, ouch!  Now that I’ve obviously won our pissing match, would you mind moving?  I have someplace to be.”
“Not tonight, you don’t,” Fields said firmly refusing to budge.  “Tie him up.”
“We’re not tying him up,” Mark replied in irritation.
“You got a secure room where we can lock him up then?”
“Fields…” Mark warned.
“Wilson…” Fields mimicked.
“Fine,” Mark conceded sighing in resignation, “we can lock him up in here.”
“Windows,” Fields pointed out.
“We have an equipment room that should work,” Ashley offered, “no windows and it deadbolts from the outside.”
I glared at her, but she just shrugged.
As Mark led me to the room—Ashley had a class to get to—with Fields bringing up the rear, my brain desperately searched for an escape route.  
There wasn’t one.
The fact that I was unarmed while Fields was obviously packing was enough to ensure I wasn’t going to try anything with him watching.  I was desperate…not suicidal.
I wondered if they’d post a guard on the door, but as we approached the room, I realize with a sinking feeling that a guard wouldn’t be necessary.  The room had a solid metal door.
Don’t panic…don’t panic…don’t…too late…
Mary needed me and I was about to be locked in a room with very little hope of escape.  
It wasn’t that I distrusted Mark, or even Ashley for that matter, but even so, they didn’t have a vested interest in Mary because their whole future didn’t rest on her…not like mine did.
“I’m sorry, Ricky,” Mark grimaced as he reached in and flipped on the light switch.  “I don’t have a choice.”
“Cell,” Fields grunted.
“Apparently, neither do I,” I replied grimly as I slid my regular cell out of my back pocket and handed it over.
“Both of them,” he demanded.
I had no idea how he knew about our burn phones, but the thought made me sick to my stomach.  As I dug my burn phone out of my other back pocket, I wondered helplessly if we’d just been kidding ourselves that we’d ever had any privacy?
The door closed, shutting me in with a bunch of mats, jump ropes, sticks, and uniforms.
After I heard the key turn in the lock, I stood staring at the door for a whole minute, willing it to open, but nothing happened.
Realizing I had no time to waste futilely waiting around for some magical form of aid, I spun around desperately searching the room for anything that I could use.  I had to get out…had to get to Mary…I had to…
I should have never agreed to meet Mark in the first place.  No…strike that…I should have never agreed to leave Mary alone in the first place.  What was I thinking?  I was an idiot and I wasn’t thinking…
After my first panicked search that netted me exactly nothing, I took a couple of deep breaths and began a more methodical sweep.  As my eyes briefly touched the door, quickly moving away from that hopeless cause, something in my subconscious nudged me back, forcing me to take another look…a longer and harder look.
There was something about the door…something bothering me…something…
A huge grin spread across my whole face as I realized what it was.
The hinges were on the inside. 

Chapter 46
Mary

“Duncan,” I gasped.
“Hello Miriam,” Duncan greeted me with a wicked grin.  “I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen for myself.  No wonder it’s taken so long for anybody to figure out where you’d gone.  Where’s the rest of you?”
“Wh…what are you doing here?” 
“Positive identification…you certainly have changed,” he whistled circling me.  “If I’d known what was hidden under all that gross fat I might have played the whole thing differently…put you on a strict diet and not just settled for a brotherly kiss every night.”
That snapped me out of my daze.
“Go away, Duncan,” I ordered with false bravado.  “I’m done being your patsy.  You conned one book out of me and I was stupid enough to let you, but you’re not getting any thing else.”
“Somehow I knew you’d say that once I heard that you were the up and coming new self-published author, Chrystal Bahl.  You’ve done very well for yourself…I must say.  Your rankings are impressive for a first timer.  Who’d have thought paranormal romances would become so popular?  I blame that stupid girly vampire series…”
“Leave right now or I’ll call the police.”
“And tell them what exactly?  This is a public library so you can hardly say I’m trespassing.”
“We’re closed so it is trespassing.”
“But we’re old friends, baby.”
“Don’t call me that…and we were never friends, now get out.”
“You know, I’m quite a well-known author while you’ve been hiding behind a pseudonym and a fake ID.  I doubt anybody would take your word over mine.  There’s nothing you could say that anybody would believe.”
“You mean like the truth…?  Like how you took credit for what I wrote or how you pretended you loved me just to keep me in line so I would write you a sequel or how I wasn’t the only one you cheated out of their talent…?”
“So you do know about the others.  You’ve been a naughty little girl, listening at keyholes.”
“You cheat people out of their talent, destroy their lives, and you don’t even care,” I said in amazement.  “How can you live with yourself?” 
“Your sob story touches me,” he grabbed his chest, “right here.”
“Just leave,” I said suddenly feeling weary, drained, and old beyond words.  “I’m sure you can find some other poor fool who’ll believe everything you feed them.”
“One born every minute,” Duncan agreed cheerfully, “but I haven’t been able to find anybody who writes enough like you to finish the second book in the series that you started.  People loved that first book and have been clamoring for more.  I don’t suppose you’d consider…”
I snorted in disgust.
“You used to be wildly infatuated with me.”
“Yeah, so…?”
“I could make your dreams come true,” he grinned wolfishly.  “You’re hot as hell now…”
“Get out!” I screamed as I shoved him towards the back door.
“Tsk tsk,” a voice reproached, “such violent behavior.  Not very ladylike, I fear.”  
I froze, as did Duncan.
“Who’s that?” he whispered fearfully, obviously afraid someone had been privy to what amounted to a confession on his part.
“I don’t know, but I’m going to find out,” I said squaring my shoulders and moving towards the arts and crafts section prepared to do battle.
I’d only taken a few steps when a deep and proper British voice—sounding ridiculously out of place in a small town Texas library—forestalled me.
“Move into the middle of the library…over by the circulation desk.”
“Who’s there?” Duncan asked anxiously peering through the shadows while at the same time putting me between him and the talking bookcase.
“Coward,” I muttered taking another determined step towards the voice.
“I would not recommend it, Miriam,” the hidden man warned in a cold voice that sent chills down my spine.  “Now, do as I say.”
I refused to be intimidated, even though fear swept through me at the realization that somehow the man knew my real name.
“Or else what…?  This is my library, which is now closed, and I’m sick and tired of putting up with unwanted visitors, so both of you can just…”
The sound of wood splintering sent Duncan fleeing for his life towards the checkout desk.  Turning slightly towards my left, my eyes widened as I took in the three-legged chair lying at an odd angle.  The fourth leg had totally disappeared.
“Shut up, Miriam, before you get us both killed,” Duncan whispered from behind the desk, terror in his voice.
“What was that?” I demanded of the invisible man, even though I knew deep down exactly what it was.
“That was a bullet,” the voice politely informed me.
“A…a…bullet…?” I asked, futilely trying to control the fright in my voice.
Well, you wanted confirmation and now you have it.  Happy…?
“You…chicken man behind the desk,” the man ordered, “come out where I can see you and you, Miriam, join him.”
Duncan refused to answer, remaining hidden behind the desk.  I could hear him inching towards the front door as I moved in his general direction as ordered.
Obviously, the man with the gun could hear him, too.	
“Contrary to what you may have seen in movies, chicken man, bullets do penetrate wooden desks,” the man said almost casually.  “And in three seconds, I shall be proving my statement.  One…”
Jumping up quickly, hands thrust high into the air, Duncan said, “Okay, wait…don’t shoot.”
“Stand by the girl.”
That would be a first, I thought bitterly.
Without a word, Duncan complied, stopping just to my left and slightly behind me.
Yellow bellied sap sucker.
I turned to glare my displeasure at Duncan.
“Take these and blindfold each other,” the man ordered as he tossed a couple of black bandanas over one of the bookshelves at us.
“Why are you doing this?” I asked, firmly shoving down the hysteria I could feel building quickly inside of me.  “What do you want?”
“Bullet or blindfold, lady…your choice…”
“Don’t make the man with the gun angry, you fool,” Duncan said as he bent down to retrieve the bandanas at our feet.
Straightening, he handed me one before grabbing my shoulders and turning me away from him.
“No, let the girl blindfold you first.”
“Quite the gentleman,” Duncan muttered, “with your ladies first crap.”
I finished securing his blindfold then spun him around towards me—since he couldn’t see anything—so he could do the same to me.
“You might appreciate that particular order shortly,” the voice chuckled in amusement from directly in front of me.  “Now, both of you sit on the floor, do not touch your blindfolds, and be quiet while I set up the murder scene.”
“What!” Duncan, in the process of sitting, must have jumped back up off the floor because I could hear his voice over my head as I collapsed on the rug in shock.
  “Did I stutter?” the man asked before ordering, “Sit down and shut up!”
Duncan quickly hit the floor next to me.
“Who’re you planning to murder?” Duncan asked in a shaky voice.
“I…?  Murder someone…?” the man repeated in feigned surprise.  “I am certain I have no idea to what you are referring.  I just came in to check out a book and found two dead bodies, each holding a very nasty looking pistol.  What is the world coming to, I wonder?” 
“Wait...just wait,” Duncan demanded in panic.  “You don’t want to do this.”  
“As I said, I came in to check out a book and…”
“I’m famous...there’ll be publicity…” 
“And that should matter to me because…?”
“There’ll be an investigation…”
“And the evidence will prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that you two had a lover’s spat and killed one another.”
“No!  Please…you don’t have to kill me…just her.  I won’t tell anybody…I swear…”
“Oh well…why did you not say so in the first place?” the voice mocked.  “As long as you swear…”
“You can’t kill me…I’m the one who hired you so just…just…wait…”
“Right…no one has ever tried that line on me before…”
There was no give in the hard, uncompromising voice and I knew Duncan stood no better chance of surviving than I.
I wished I could find it in my heart to feel sorry for Duncan, but the only thing I felt for him was disgust.  The only heartfelt emotion I had left I reserved for Ricky.  Ricky…the only man who had ever totally breached my defenses…the only man I trusted beyond a shadow of a doubt…the only man I loved enough to completely bare my soul to…
And incredibly, he cared about me…despite all of my faults.
He was without a doubt the most wonderful man I’d ever met and I could feel the tears soaking the bandana over my eyes as I realized we’d never see each other again.
If Ricky felt for me even half of what I felt for him, he’d be devastated by my death.  
“No…please…you have to believe me,” Duncan begged, practically whimpering.  “I can prove it!  Yeah, I can prove it.  I’ve used you before.”
“Is that so?”
“I have…I swear…just give me a chance to…”
“Names,” the voice demanded.
“What?”
“Give me names.”  
“But…she…what about her?”
“She will be dead shortly, as will you if you don’t start spouting names…now!”
“George Wilkins, Letty Varner, Hannah White…” he began nervously reciting.
“What about them?”
“What do you mean, what about them?  You know what I’m talking about…”
“Do I?”
“You killed them,” Duncan insisted.
“Now why would I go and do a nasty thing like that?” the voice asked distastefully.
“Because I paid you to do it,” he said with the beginnings of actual hysteria in his voice, obviously nearing the end of his rope.
“How did they die?”
“What do you mean?  I just said…you killed them.”
“Yes, I got that part…how did I allegedly accomplish all of these deaths without getting caught?”
“You’re an expert at making them look like accidents,” Duncan offered eagerly.  “That’s why I always ask for you.”
“Answer the question…how did they die?”
“Um…you…uh…”
“You seem to think you have all night to convince me.  I can assure you that you are quite mistaken.”
“Heart attack,” Duncan burst out, “and an overdose, and…and…one was a car wreck.”
“Damn, I am good,” the man said in amusement.  “Who else…?”
“What?”
“Seems a rather short list to me,” the man observed.  “If I am as good as you say, there should be many many more.  Is that all you have?”
“There are others… I promise…”
“I’m listening.”
“Give me a minute…I…I can’t think…”
“Clock’s ticking.”
“Sh…Sheila Stevens,” he stammered, “uh…uh…Victor Raines…”
“Continue…”
“That’s all…I think…yeah…that’s all…”
“And they died by what means…?”
“I can’t remember for sure…”
“Then I am afraid your number is up.”
“No…wait…I…I…uh…suicide…yes…one was suicide…jumped off a building…and the other…he…uh…oh, I remember…another heart attack…”
“So how exactly did you pay me for all of these…er…misfortunes?”
“What?”
“You said you paid me to kill all of those people,” the voice drawled in amusement.  “I do not seem to recall ever receiving any type of payment from you.”
The man’s voice chilled me to the bone.  How could someone be that devoid of emotion?  He killed people for a living and the only thing I could hear in his voice was humor.  I fought down the bile that rose up in the back of my throat.
“I didn’t pay you…”
“Oh, then you still owe me for services rendered…?”
“No…I paid you…”
“Make up your mind…did you or did you not pay me?”
“Will you listen to me?” Duncan practically screeched.  “The Baron paid you.  He paid you for me.”
“A Baron…?” the man snorted, “so there is a Baron now?  My my my, but you have delusions of grandeur.”
“Baron Zelek,” Duncan yelled in frustration, “you know him…don’t tell me you don’t!”
“I am supposed to believe that you not only know this Baron, but all you have to do is call him up and order a hit and voilà…it is done.”
In my own mind, I echoed the skepticism in the man’s voice.
“I not only know him, but I own him,” Duncan bragged, confident that he was finally getting through to the assassin.
Although I searched Duncan’s voice for false bravado, I had to admit there was none.  His boast rang true.
Apparently, the killer thought so, too.
“How?”
“A few years ago, I was at a party for…well the details aren’t important.  The important thing is I accidentally stumbled into the wrong room where he was in a violent argument with some woman and I saw him kill her…smother her with a seat cushion.  I had my smart phone on me and managed to get a picture of it.”  Duncan’s confidence was growing in direct proportion to the man’s obvious interest.  “I waited until the next day before confronting him about it…after I’d safely stored my pictures in various places he could never hope to find.”
“Interesting…” the man murmured.  “How do you contact him?”
“I…uh…I…” Duncan stammered realizing he’d probably said too much.
“Do not go all shy on me now,” the man coaxed, “I am still debating your fate.  How do you contact him?”
“I have his…um…associate’s…uh…phone number.”
“Let me have it, and I shall check out your story.”
“But…I…he’ll kill me if I give it to you,” Duncan whimpered pathetically.  “He told me…picture or not…if I ever…”
“And I shall kill you if you do not,” the man said in a deceptively mild tone.  “Let us ponder the ramifications of your inactivity, shall we?”
For a moment, there was silence in the room as Duncan ‘pondered the ramifications’.  It was all academic to me as I knew I’d be dead anyway.  Duncan had seen to that by hiring the inhuman monster holding us hostage.
My only hope, minute though it was, seemed to lie in remaining quiet and praying for some sort of rescue.
“Fine,” Duncan said finally, “I have it here…”
“I strongly advise you to withdraw your hand from your jacket,” the voice warned.
“My phone…it’s in the inside breast pocket of my jacket.”
“I shall relieve you of that.  Now…down to business.  Come with me.”
I heard Duncan scrambling to his feet and then moving away from me.
“So you’re going to let me go now, right?” Duncan asked eagerly.  “I’m only here to identify the victim…that’s what the Baron’s assistant told me when he asked me to come.”
“That is true,” the voice acknowledged.  “I did specifically ask for personal verification as there is absolutely nothing that ties this woman to the woman you claim she is.  This Mary Smith looks nothing like the old photographs I received.  Even her eye color is different.”
“I can’t explain the eye color,” Duncan admitted, “maybe she’s wearing contact lenses or something, but that’s her…I know it is…so you have your confirmation.  Can I go now?”
“I have hazel eyes,” I said loudly, irritated at Duncan’s callous attitude as well as the detached voice of the assassin sent to kill me.  “They change colors sometimes.  Look, Mister Assassin-For-Hire, Duncan’s already identified me so can we just get on with this?  My legs are falling asleep.”
“Yeah,” Duncan agreed enthusiastically, “just let me go so you can finish up with her.”
“Are you truly so anxious to die?” the assassin murmured near my ear, ignoring Duncan for the moment.
“I’d prefer to live,” I shrugged with as much nonchalance as I could muster, “but I don’t see that as being one of my options so I’d rather get it over with as quickly as possible.  Unless of course your plan is to allow the stress and strain of this whole unbelievable situation to finish me off before you do.  But maybe that’s your plan.  You do seem to favor heart attacks, if Duncan’s to be believed.”
Although Duncan was probably fooled by my fake indifference, I knew the assassin wouldn’t be.  Duncan was blindfolded and couldn’t see the tremors rolling through my body, the shaking I couldn’t seem to control, but I was fairly certain the man sent to kill me couldn’t help but notice them.  
“My apologies,” the man said quietly, a ring of sincerity in his tone.  “It is not my intention to cause you emotional distress.  I shall be quick about it.”
“Great…quick is good…so if you’ll just let me out, then I can…” Duncan began.
“Do not remove that blindfold,” the assassin said coldly.  “Remain where you are.”
“But you are going to let me go…right…?”
I felt a hand on my upper arm gently lifting me off the floor and my tremors grew.  My whole body shook uncontrollably and tears streaked down my cheeks as the man moved me into position to complete his murder scene.
“I am truly sorry for causing you such distress, Ms. Smith,” the man whispered in my ear before releasing me and straightening.
I sank back down on the floor, my legs suddenly nothing more than a quivering mess of jelly.
“Duncan Fletcher,” the voice intoned, “the Baron tires of your blackmail and wishes to be free of you.  Do you have anything to say before I send you straight to hell?”
“What…?  He…you…no…you can’t kill me…I mean…”
“Do you have any last words?”
“I have money…I’ll pay you…I mean, you’re an assassin…you like money…I’ll pay you more…I…”
“Enough!  Apparently, you have nothing else of importance to say…”
“What the hell is going on here?”
“Ricky…?” I exclaimed in shock at the familiar voice somewhere above my head…right before I fainted.

Chapter 47
Ricky

I couldn’t believe my eyes.  Below me, standing next to a blindfolded Mary, Officer Lancet, in full police uniform, stood pointing a gun at a man I had to assume, from pictures I’d pulled up on the internet, was Duncan Fletcher.  Even from my vantage point on the upper level and with part of his face hidden behind a blindfold, the man’s identity was obvious.  There was no mistaking that famous Fletcher cleft chin.
Lancet spun around reaching for his holstered weapon, but one pump of my shotgun and he froze.  At least his body froze, his face was a different matter.  The narrowed eyes and thin lips sent me a clear message, which I, of course, steadfastly ignored.
To say he was ticked off would be putting it mildly, but Mary didn’t approve of the other word I frequently used so I decided not to even think it.
Unfortunately, Mary chose that moment to call my name and promptly pass out.  I took my eyes off the two men for a split second, but that was all the time Fletcher needed to tear off his blindfold and throw himself at Lancet.
Instinctively, I turned towards the stairs and practically fell down them in my haste to get to Mary, but carefully kept a firm grip on my shotgun.  I couldn’t have cared less which of the two men survived the confrontation, but I wasn’t about to let Mary get hurt.
I’d almost made it to her when the sound of a soft thud reached my ears.  Although I hadn’t ever encountered one in real life, I’d watched enough action adventure movies to recognize a silencer when I heard one.
Definitely not welcome news…
Leveling my weapon at the two men as I covered the last few feet, I planted myself firmly between them and Mary.
As if in slow motion, Duncan Fletcher slid to the ground and was still.
Although I’d never pointed a gun at another human being in my life, the hands holding my shotgun were rock steady.  One thing I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt, if I showed any weakness, Lancet would be all over me.
“Put the gun on the floor, Lancet,” I ordered.
“You could have gotten me killed,” he accused.
“I’ll cry over that later.  Put the gun on the floor.”
“This isn’t what it looks like, Hunter,” Lancet said calmly as he bent at the knees and gently set the weapon on the floor.  “Can I turn around so we can talk about the situation?”
“As long as you keep your hands where I can see them.”
Now why do those words sound so familiar?
Oh, right…Mary’s front porch…Lancet and the Glock…the one now on the floor next to him…pointed at my chest…focus Ricky…focus…
“Ricky…” Mary murmured groggily as she slowly regained consciousness.
“Stay there, sweetheart,” I said without taking my eyes off Lancet as he slowly turned to face me.
“We don’t want to hurt you or Mary, Hunter, so I suggest you put that shotgun down.”
“We…?” I raised an eyebrow.
“At the risk of sounding clichéd…you’re surrounded.  Now if you don’t mind easing your finger off the trigger, no one else needs to get hurt.”
“Is Fletcher…” I swallowed hard “…dead?” 
“Probably,” Lancet replied callously, “the murderous bastard.  Stevens…?” he called eyes still locked with mine, “can you confirm for Hunter that Wilson is close.”
“He’s only five minutes out, Hunter” a voice called out from behind some bookcases over to my right  “Stay calm and we’ll all make it out of this alive.”
“Your partner’s here,” I said, my heart sinking to my feet as I realized I was totally outnumbered.  “Wait…did you say Wilson?  As in Mark Wilson…?”
“Just don’t do anything we’ll all regret until he arrives,” Lancet suggested.  “Sound fair enough?”
“You know Mark Wilson…”
I shook my head to clear it.
“Ricky,” Mary whispered from behind me, “Can I take off my blindfold now?”
“Let’s ask your fake police friends who are really assassins in disguise, shall we?  Well, Officers…?”
“Mary, I…” Lancet began.
“Officer Lancet…?” Mary exclaimed.  “You’re British and…oh my gosh!  Duncan!”
She obviously hadn’t waited around for permission to remove the blindfold.
“Please stay where you are, Mary,” Lancet said in a gentle tone.  “If we all remain calm, everything will be fine.”
“Is he…dead?” she asked.
“Apparently,” I said with a shrug.
“Ricky,” she gasped, “why are you pointing your shotgun at Officer Lancet?”
“You want to tell her about your true occupation, Lancet, or should I?” 
“Wilson’s here,” Stevens informed us, remaining out of sight behind the bookcases.  “I’m going to the door to let him in, Hunter.  Don’t go gettin’ an itchy trigger finger before we can straighten this all out…okay?”
For a moment, I debated, but I didn’t really have much of a choice.  Stevens had the drop on me, even though I had Lancet dead to rights, and there was Mary to consider.
Besides, if it came right down to it, Mary and I were both dead because my shotgun was as empty as my threats.
I was bluffing.
But Lancet and Stevens didn’t have to know that.
“Let him in,” I said in resignation, “But I want to hear every step you take so I know where you are.”
“Can do,” Stevens said in a suspiciously cheerful voice.
He began whistling tunelessly as he moved in between the bookcases behind me, ending up to my left as he made the front door.
I heard the lock go and then…
“Ricky,” Mark’s familiar voice had never sounded so good, “you can relax and put down your unloaded shotgun; these are the good guys.”

Chapter 48
Mary

“Unloaded…?” Lancet repeated in disbelief.
“Maybe it is…maybe it isn’t,” Ricky shrugged then turned to Mark.  “And why should I believe you when you’ve been lying to me from the start?”
“Take a good look, Ricky,” Mark urged.  “You know I’m a lousy liar…you’ve certainly told me often enough…look me in the eyes now while I tell you that Lancet and Stevens are on your side…yours and Mary’s.”
“Yeah, well, you all have a funny way of showing it…stealing her keys, following her, breaking into her house, bugging her house…”
“We tried to get the information we needed from you and the girl, Hunter,” another man said in a sour tone, “but you refused to cooperate.  We had to know if she was the one.  We couldn’t afford any mistakes.”
“Like locking me in my room without any supper while you put her in danger,” Ricky said without a hint of humor.  “Smart move, Fields,” he said, lowering the shotgun and handing it to him.  “You could’ve just tried the truth.”
Does nothing faze the man?  Ricky is unbelievable….
“Yeah, well, hindsight is twenty-twenty,” Fields replied drily as he checked the chamber.  “Yep…empty…”
“You faced an armed assassin with an unloaded shotgun?” I asked in amazement.
“I told you I didn’t have any shells for it,” Ricky reminded me.
“But…you could have been killed!”
Ricky reached down to help me up and pulled me into his arms, holding me so tightly I could barely breathe.
I didn’t mind.
“Don’t you know by now I’d risk anything and everything to protect you?” he murmured in my ear.
“I’m sorry,” Mark said from behind Ricky.  “Ashley and I both agreed to keep the whole thing quiet before you became involved and Fields held us to that promise.  I realize that’s not much of an excuse, but…”
Ricky turned to face him, keeping one arm around my waist.  I hoped he could forgive Mark and they could remain friends, if for no other reason than Mark seemed to have a surplus of frightening acquaintances and I certainly didn’t want to get on his bad side.
“Don’t quit your day job,” Ricky suggested, “because as an undercover agent, you suck, man.”
“Yeah,” Mark said with a lopsided grin, “I know…as you’ve told me repeatedly, I’m a lousy liar.”
“Wilson isn’t the only one who sucks as an agent,” Fields growled and turned to Lancet and Stevens holding out the shotgun, the displeasure on his face obvious.  “Exactly how was it you two were held at bay by a man with an unloaded shotgun?”
“Well I don’t know, Fields,” Lancet drawled, accepting the shotgun from him, “probably for the same reason you failed to notice that Hunter’s prison door had the hinges on the wrong side.”
“How did you know about that, Lancet?” Ricky turned to ask in a puzzled voice.  “You were here the whole time…”
“Communication,” Stevens offered helpfully tapping his ear.  “We realized you’d escaped and were on the way about ten minutes before you showed up, but obviously you know a way in to the library that the rest of us had no idea about.”
“Yeah, well, if you’d included us,” Ricky pointed out again, “maybe we’d have included you.”
“He’s right,” I scolded.  “You didn’t need all this cloak and dagger nonsense.  If you’d simply told us what was going on, none of this would have happened.”
“That’s why we couldn’t include you,” Lancet replied.  “Hunter would have never agreed to put you in danger, and Fletcher wouldn’t have believed anything you said.  You’re not that good of an actress.”
“Apparently, I was good enough to fool all of you,” I reminded him smugly.  “None of you knew who I was for sure until Duncan showed up.”
“Actually, we were fairly certain it was you after your friend Dot let it slip to Lancet yesterday that you used to be…you were…um…” Stevens stammered.
“The girl said you had hazel eyes, liked pizza, and used to be fat,” Fields broke in.  “That sealed the deal for us.”
“Did you…you didn’t…” I sputtered in anger at Lancet, “If you hurt her like you did Shannon…”
“I didn’t ask her out,” Lancet denied awkwardly, “I learned my lesson.  But a man’s gotta eat and she works at the only decent diner in town that’s close enough to the library…”
“You’re impossible,” I scowled at him.
“Yes ma’am,” he answered meekly.
I glared at him, realizing he was just humoring me, before asking, “If you already knew who I was, then why would you need Duncan to confirm my identity?”
“We…er…didn’t,” Stevens admitted sheepishly, “we needed information.  Even as we speak, because of what Fletcher told Lancet while he was trying to save his own skin plus the added bonus of his cell phone, we have a group of men honing in on the Baron and his assistant.  We plan to arrest both of them and shut down their operation.”
“Getting Fletcher to admit, on the record, that he paid for several assassinations was a huge bonus,” Lancet grinned.
“So you weren’t trying to save me from Fletcher, you didn’t care about him at all or what he was trying to do to me,” I accused hotly, “all you cared about was catching your stupid Baron and his assistant…and if I happened to die…well, that was just too bad…”
“Breathe, Mary,” Ricky coaxed as he pulled me up against him.  “It’s over now and you’re safe.”
“But you could have been killed,” I whispered, “and I don’t think I would have survived that.”
Ricky reached up a hand and caressed my cheek.
“Is the danger past now?” Ricky asked the room at large as we locked eyes.
“Not yet,” Fields said.  “Until we’ve secured both the Baron and his assistant, there is still a hit out on your girlfriend and since Fletcher is dead we have no way of knowing who else might be involved.”
“His agent…” I said realizing they didn’t know.
“What about his agent?” Fields frowned.
“His agent is in on it…that’s how I knew he what planned to do.  I heard the two of them talking about it.”
“Damn,” Fields muttered walking off still talking, “you get that Miles?”
He listened for a moment then said, “No…have a couple of men grab him.  We’ve got a witness and we already have the names from Fletcher, so unless he comes up with some vital piece of info we missed, we don’t need anything from him…yeah, I’ll ask her for confirmation.”
Turning to me, Fields practically impaled me with his eyes.
“The agent’s name…?”
“Felix Blackwell…”I replied promptly matching his curt tone.
“Pick him up,” Fields grunted as he turned away once more.
Sighing, Ricky asked, “What does that mean for Mary…exactly?”
“It means,” Lancet answered, “that Stevens and I will be sticking to Mary like glue until further notice.”
“What else is new,” Ricky asked heavily.

Chapter 49
Ricky

“I can see you two are in good hands,” Mark noted shifting uncomfortably, “so I’ll just head on out.”
As he turned to leave, I stopped him.
“Hey Mark,” I held a hand out to him, “it’s all cool.”
With a sigh of relief, Mark shook my hand.
“Just so you know,” Lancet offered, “Wilson almost blew the whole deal.  If Jake hadn’t convinced him to trust Fields to keep you both safe, he would have spilled his guts to you as soon as you showed up on Mary’s front porch that first day.”
“Good to know,” I grinned at Mark who grinned back.  “Hmmm…Jake or me…?  Well that’s pretty much a no-brainer since I’m not the ‘kill a man with my bare hands’ type and he is.”
“I’m not sure I’d be so understanding if it were me,” Mark admitted, “but I’m glad you’re taking it so well.”
“Go on and get back to Ashley.  I’m surprised you’ve managed this long without her.”
“I know…I’m psychotic.”
“And now,” I smiled down at Mary, “so am I.” 
“No heading for the hills…?”
“Nope.”
“Welcome to the padded cell,” Mark grinned then turned to leave.  “Talk to you later.”
“Mary’s a helluva woman, Hunter…you’re a lucky man,” Lancet said as he held out his hand.  “No hard feelings…?”
“I guess that depends on Mary,” I said winking at her while ignoring the outstretched hand.  “Whaddya say, darlin’?  Do we forgive and forget or hold a grudge?  Your choice.”
I loved the mischievous light in those gorgeous hazel eyes…eyes that could keep a man guessing for years…and I figured Lancet was in some serious trouble.
I didn’t feel the least bit sorry for him.
Even after all Mary had been through, especially the past couple of hours, I was thankful that she could still find some humor in the situation.  I’d never met a woman quite like her before.  Mary was a one-of-a-kind and I knew without a doubt that she was the only one for me.
With a barely discernible wink in my direction, Mary turned a thoughtful face towards the fake policeman slash fake assassin slash fake who-knew-what-else.
“Well,” she said in her no-nonsense librarian voice, “let’s tally this up, shall we?”
“Tally what up?” Lancet asked suspiciously.
“First,” she said, holding up an index finger, “you pretended to be a policeman after my house was broken into.  Then,” she continued, still counting, “in the midst of my stress over that situation, you hit on me and tried to use a sweet little old lady to do your dirty work for you.  After that,” she persisted, obviously warming to her subject, “you stalked me at Church…oh, and let’s not forget pointing a nasty looking gun at the man I love…”
“You love me?” I butted in quickly, a silly grin widening my lips.
“Hush, my darling,” Mary reproached me sweetly placing a finger on my lips, which I promptly kissed, “I’m on a roll here…now where was I?  Oh, right…the gun…I believe we covered that sufficiently.  What else…?  You staked out my house…bothered me at my place of work…dated my assistant…made like the Spanish Inquisition with her, which upset her so badly that she quit without notice…interrogated poor Dot who at this very moment is probably spinning daydreams about you…and then to top it all off, tried to kill me.  Have I left anything out, my love?”
“Nothing of importance, sweetheart,” I assured her shaking my head in wonder while eyeing her in admiration.  “I believe you summed it all up very nicely.”
“Thank you.  So, Fake Officer Lancet…what do you have to say for yourself?”
Lancet looked a bit shell-shocked.  I almost felt sorry for the guy…almost…
“Uh…I…uh…only pretended to try to kill you” he offered, glancing around like a man looking for an escape hatch.
“Bzzzzz…wrong answer,” Mary fixed him with a glare.  “Would you like to try again for double or nothing?”
“I…uh…I’m sorry…?”
“Better,” she approved.
“Not to be nit-picky, love,” I pointed out, “but I did hold the man hostage with my shotgun…”
“There’s that,” she admitted.  “And I so enjoyed watching the fake police officer sweat.”
“Hey Lancet,” Stevens called from the other side of the room, “Fields wants you.”
“Thank goodness,” Lancet mumbled as he nodded at us and took off.
“Hey Lancet,” I called after him, “tell Fields I’m gonna sic Mary on him next.” 
We didn’t wait to hear anything else.  Grabbing Mary’s hand, I dragged her to the stairs.
“We’ll be upstairs if anybody needs us,” I called to the room.
“What are you doing, Ricky?” Mary giggled as I hauled her up the stairs.
Since Mary wasn’t much of a giggler, I figured reaction was about to set in and I wanted to be alone with her when it did.
And even if she felt perfectly fine, well, I could use the opportunity to carry on with the last thing on my list…kiss her senseless.

Chapter 50
Mary

“Don’t you think we should go back downstairs?” I murmured.  “They might be looking or us.”
“Let ‘em look,” Ricky replied as his lips continued exploring various parts of my exposed skin…as well as some parts he’d uncovered all by himself.  “I love your hideaway.  Did you lock the closet door?”
“No more buttons, Ricky,” I protested half-heartedly.  “And yes I did, but there’s a boatload of men downstairs who have proven they have no respect for locked doors, and I’m not risking turning myself into a peepshow for their entertainment.”
Sighing heavily, Ricky began to redo the two buttons he’d already undone plus the very top one that I never fasten.
“Um…Ricky…” I said in amusement, “you don’t have to button all of them.”
“I’ve decided you’re right…I don’t like the idea of other men seeing any part of your to-die-for silky smooth skin, sweetie pie.”
“But the top one might choke me.”
“Okay, fine…I’ll leave the top one unbuttoned, but we’ll pull it together like this,” he gently grabbed my small lapels and used them to propel my lips closer.
A few minutes later, a faint pounding on the closet door interrupted us.
“Ricky…I think they’re looking for us.” 
He predictably ignored me and I giggled as Ricky’s lips tickled a spot directly below my right ear.
“Ricky…” I put my hand between his lips and my skin.
“I know you’re in there, Hunter,” an impatient voice clearly reached us through the closet door as well as the tapestry covering the hole between the buildings.
“Aw…man,” Ricky grumbled as he reluctantly released me.
I stood and straightened my skirt and blouse, ineffectually patting at my wild hair.
“Hunter!”
More pounding…
“Keep your pants on, Fields,” Ricky hollered back, digging his keys out of his pocket.  Turning to me, he sighed, “If we don’t make an appearance, he’ll probably break the door down.”
“And I doubt he’ll offer to reimburse me.  Do I look okay?”
“If you looked any better, I’d have to lock you up for your own safety.  In fact, that’s not a bad idea.”
I shook my head at him as we stepped through the hole and into the closet.
“You have exactly two seconds to unlock this door, before I break it down,” Fields threatened from the other side of the door.
“Un-bunch your boxers, Fields,” Ricky suggested irreverently, “I’m trying to find the right key.”
I bit my lip to keep from laughing as Ricky stood there holding the correct key while counting to ten.
“You are so bad,” I whispered.
“I know,” he mouthed back before turning to unlock the door.
Ricky barely had time to pull the key out of the deadbolt before the door swung wide open.
“What the hell took you so long?” Fields asked irritably as he eyed the small space behind us.  “There’s not enough room in there to sit down, much less do what you two have obviously been doing.”
“Creativity is the spice of life,” Ricky said as he led me out of the closet.  “What do you want?”
“We’ve got Fletcher’s agent and he’s spilling his guts,” Fields informed us.  “We’re fairly certain he’s the only one who knew about Fletcher’s hired killings.  Still waiting on news from London, but I’m going to let Lancet and Stevens take you home.  Stay there until further notice…both of you.”
“London…?” I repeated in confusion.  “What’s in London…?”
“The Baron,” Ricky supplied when Fields turned towards the stairs without answering.  “It’s gotta be the Baron, since he was the target of this whole sorry mess in the first place…isn’t that right, Fields?” 
Predictably, Fields ignored him.

Chapter 51
Ricky

“Well, I’m sure glad Lancet was joking about the sticking like glue part,” I said as I plopped myself down on Mary’s couch.
“You have work tomorrow, Ricky,” Mary stood over me chewing on her bottom lip.  “You should go home and get some rest.”
“Not happenin’,” I warned.  “You’re still in danger.”
“I have perfectly good fake police officers outside in a squad car watching my house,” she pointed out.  “I’m fine.”
“Actually,” I said as I reached up and took Mary’s hands pulling her down onto my lap, “that’s not the danger I had in mind.”
As expected, Mary began chewing on her lip again.
“You are in imminent danger of chewing a hole in your bottom lip,” I said as I slipped a hand around the nape of her neck, “and I’m the only one who can save you from yourself.”
“You’re allowed to save me as long as it doesn’t involve an unloaded shotgun,” Mary decided sliding her arms around my neck.  “You scared me half to death.”
“So I can use a loaded one,” I teased.
“You could have been killed, you idiot” she said with a hitch in her voice, “and then where would I have been?  All alone again, that’s where, and I’m so angry with you right now.  You should have stayed locked in that room where you would have been safe.”
“I don’t do so well in locked rooms,” I said as I pulled her close enough to kiss away the tears that streaked down her cheeks.  “Especially when the woman I love more than I’ve ever loved anyone in my whole life is in mortal danger.”
“What’s…wrong…with…me?” she choked out between the sudden sobs that seemed to come out of nowhere.
Tucking her head into my neck, I smoothed her hair and rubbed circles on her back while she cried.
“Delayed reaction, sweetheart; it’s perfectly normal…in fact, I’m surprised you lasted this long.”
“I…I…” she began, but couldn’t get any further, gasping for breath in between hiccups and sobs.
“Sshh…just let go…let it all out…you’ll feel better.”
After a while, the tears slowed down, her breathing regulated, and before too long she lay still in my arms.  I thought maybe she’d fallen asleep, until she sighed softly and murmured, “Sorry.”
“That’s what I’m here for, sweetheart,” I assured her, tenderly moving her hair from her face and caressing her cheek, “for the rest of our lives.”
“Are you sure?” she whispered.
“No doubt in my mind, but I want you to take all the time you need before you decide because once you’re mine, I’m never letting you go.”
“I don’t even know who I am,” she mumbled.  “What if they arrest me for stealing Mary Smith’s identity?  What if I end up in prison?”
“That’ll never happen.”
“How can you be so sure?  I broke the law…”
“Did you see any real police officers or federal agents or anything that remotely looked official?” I asked smiling slightly.
“I don’t think so,” Mary frowned in concentration.  “What does that mean?”
“I’ll admit, I’m not ‘in the know’ about all this stuff, but I’m guessing Fields’ operations are…how do I put this…under the radar.”
“What does that mean, exactly?”
“I sure hope that bug under the foyer table that I smashed was the only one, because what I’m about to tell you could get me into big trouble, but I don’t want you worrying about your future.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I told you a lot about Jake and his books, but I haven’t told you everything.”
“What haven’t you told me?”
“You know how the Agent Jack Knight books are all about a secret government agency…?”
I shot her a knowing look.
“You mean, it’s real?” she exclaimed.
“Agent Jack Knight is basically Jake with a different plot line…or maybe it’s the same plot line…it’s not all clear how much is real and how much he made up, but I do know that he worked for an agency that none of us are supposed to know about.  The only reason I know anything is because I’m related to Drew.  Even with that connection, I don’t know much, but I know enough to know that Fields will have to sweep all this under the rug.”
“You wouldn’t blackmail him, would you?” Mary shuddered.  “The man’s scary beyond words.”
“If I had to in order to keep you safe, I would, but that’s not what I meant.  What I meant to say was that I’ve managed to figure out enough over the years to know that they can’t afford for anything to get out because most of what they do is covert.  Like the Lancet thing…he and Stevens are no more local LEO’s than I am, but they have connections and were able to somehow infiltrate that department legitimately.  Am I making any sense, cuz my brain is fried and I’m not sure I’m thinking very clearly.”
“My brain isn’t functioning much better,” she admitted, “but I think I get it.  You’re saying that if they were to report me then I’d have to go into details about my life and why I did what I did.  Then, because of that, they would be forced to come up with some explanation as to what they were doing when they found me, which they can’t afford to do because then they lose their anonymity, which in turn could affect future operations.”
“Wow,” I said in admiration, “you’re good.”
“Thank you,” she replied primly then spoiled the effect by laughing.  “You’re just easily impressed.”
“Well, as I said, my brain is fried.”
“Hey!” she slapped my arm lightly.  “What will they do with Duncan’s body?”
“Your guess is probably better than mine on that one since you seem to have that type of imagination.”
Mary shuddered, “I don’t want to think about that.”
“Mary my Mary,” I pulled her close, “the more I get to know you, the more impressed I am with you.  You’re cute and smart and funny and talented and…well…you get the idea.  I’d come up with more adjectives, but as I said,” I reached up and tapped the side of my head, “fried brains…”
“You should go home and get some sleep.”
“That would be counterproductive, because if I leave here I won’t sleep a wink worrying about you.  Besides, Fields ordered us to stay put.”
“But you have work tomorrow,” she protested.
“I’ll deal with that tomorrow.  Until I met you, I’d never even taken a sick day, much less a vacation day, so I don’t think they’ll fire me.”
“I am detrimental to your work ethic,” she murmured as she snuggled closer.
“But what a way to go,” I chuckled.
“Ricky…?”
“Yes, my love.”
“If I can finally use my own name again and stay out of prison, I was thinking…”
“That could be dangerous,” I teased.  “What were you thinking?”
“How soon could we get married?”
For a moment, I sat dumbfounded.  Then I shook my head as if to clear my hearing.
“Ricky…?”
Mary sat up and away from me.
“Did you just ask how soon we could get married?”
A loving half-smile curved her lips as she met my eyes.
“You’re not kidding about the fried brains, are you?”
“I’m suddenly thinking very clearly…and I’m thinking that as soon as we can lose Bugs and Daffy out there, we’re getting a marriage license.”
“Really…?”
“I love you, Mary Miriam Sanderson Smith…”
“Catherine Mary Miriam Sanderson Smith to you, mister,” she corrected in her best librarian voice.
“Catherine Mary Miriam Sanderson Smith…will you make me the happiest man on earth and marry me as soon as humanly possible?”
“I love you, Ricky I-don’t-know-your-middle-name-but-I’m-sure-I’ll-find-out-at-the-wedding-ceremony Hunter, and yes…I will marry you as soon as humanly possible.”
Silence reigned supreme as I showed her just how much I looked forward to that ceremony as well as everything that would surely follow…

Chapter 52
Lancet and Stevens

Outside Mary Smith’s house, in a darkened squad car, the only light coming from a distant streetlamp, Stevens sighed and bit into another piece of pepperoni pizza.
“Young love…”
“Do you think we should give them some privacy?” Lancet asked reaching between the two front seats and locating the partly opened pizza box resting in the back, deftly sliding out another slice without disturbing the lid.
“Nah,” Stevens grinned around his mouthful of pizza, “this is better’n cable.”
“I am slightly impressed that the kid thought to buy a bug detector,” Lancet said biting into his pizza, “even if the cheap piece of crap didn’t work too well and he missed a couple of our strategically placed bugs.”
“Those two are definitely a menace to society,” Stevens chuckled.  “I don’t remember ever having this tough a time keeping track of a couple of subs.”
“Yeah, I’m glad this assignment is about done.”
“Your poor ego sure took a beating,” Stevens taunted.
“Only because she met Hunter first,” Lancet objected.  “Besides, slightly resembling Fletcher definitely didn’t work in my favor.”
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that…”
“Hunter will be pissed if he discovers that we’re out here listening,” Lancet said changing the subject.  “As soon as they both leave the house, we need to get in there and remove the rest of the bugs.”
“Afraid he might point another unloaded shotgun at you?  Guess you should have shot him while you had him in your sights that first time, cuz livin’ that one down might take a while.”
“You thought it was loaded, too,” Lancet pointed out.
“Maybe, but the kid didn’t get the drop on me.”
“If you’d been doing your job, you’d have noticed him up there before that could happen.”
“Well, if your mind had been more on the job at hand and less on comforting Hunter’s woman…I mean, what was up with that sappy ‘I’m truly sorry to cause you distress ’ crap?”
“You have to admit, that girl was damn brave…she was shaking like a scared kitten but still spitting fire like a tiger.”
“She really impressed you,” Stevens said in surprise then chuckled, “either that or you’re just going soft in your old age.  Do we need to find you a woman?”
“I’m a year younger than you and I’m not going soft,” Lancet denied irritably.  “And women are a dime a dozen.”
“Yeah, I think maybe you are going soft.  Planning to go the way of Grunt and Wright and even our pal, Sampson…?  Cuz I’d kinda like to know if I’m gonna have to break in a new partner.”
“What about you?” Lancet challenged.  “You’re the one bringing it up.  Maybe you’ve got a woman on the side and I’ll be the one breaking in a new partner.”
“You’re the one going all doey-eyed over a woman.”
“I’m not going doey-eyed over a woman and if you ever see me do that, you have my permission to shoot me in the head and put me out of my misery.”
“Well, in that case, I give you permission to do the same for me…of course, I should probably just shoot you now and save us both a lot of trouble cuz your downward spiral has already begun, my friend.”
“Aw, shut up and eat your pizza,” Lancet grumbled as he bit into his own cold slice.

Epilogue

“What a lovely party, Your Excellency,” a heavily bejeweled plump hand rested on the forearm of her white-haired tuxedoed and aristocratic host.
Patting the woman’s hand, the man smiled absently before pulling a vibrating cell phone from his pocket.
“I apologize, Mrs. Barrington, but I must see to this message.”
“You work entirely too hard, my dear Baron,” she reproached, “but your charitable contributions are greatly appreciated.  As a member of the board, I must express my gratitude for the incredible job you have done in raising money for our new hospital wing.  Tonight’s Benefit alone should bring in enough to more than adequately furnish the new radiology department.”
“We must all do what we can to ease the suffering of others,” the Baron replied.  “Now, if you will excuse me…”
“Of course,” Mrs. Barrington waved him away, “we must attend to business matters quickly and efficiently if we are to keep our sources of income intact.”
“Indeed,” the Baron murmured as he moved out of the main hall and into the foyer.
Stopping for a moment, he pulled up the text message.

First problem eliminated, disbursement not…disbursed.

“Spindler…” he muttered.
Frowning heavily, he strode across the foyer into a darkened hall and, halting before a set of elaborately ornate mahogany double doors, he quickly punched in some numbers on the keypad located on the right-hand side.
As the doors swung inwards, the Baron moved purposefully towards the desk fishing a set of keys out of his front pants pocket.  Bending over, he unlocked the top drawer and extracted one of the dozen cells phones neatly organized into slots.
Stabbing viciously at the keys as he vented his anger, he then stood tapping his expensively clad foot impatiently as he awaited a reply.
After two minutes of no response, the Baron checked his watch and stood debating for a moment.
Making up his mind, he returned the cell phone to its slot, punched a button on the panel of an intercom sitting on the desk, and barked, “Bring the car around.”
After abusing another button, he once more issued orders, “My overcoat and black gloves…immediately.”
Relocking the desk drawer and pocketing the keys, the Baron glanced once again at his watch before striding purposefully towards the foyer.

~ * * ~

“Subject is on the move,” the black-clothed figure concealed in the bushes outside Zelek’s estate said quietly as he watched the Baron enter a black limo.
“You only get one shot at this, mate,” an answering voice said through his earpiece.  “Don’t miss.”
“You worry about your fancy surveillance equipment, mate,” the man in the bushes said sardonically raising his weapon.  “I have this.”
“My fancy surveillance equipment doesn’t require any worry and ‘mate’ isn’t done with a German accent.” 
“I am Serbian, you moron.”
“The name’s Miles…not moron…and sticks and stones, mate…sticks and stones…”
“Vehicle is in motion…”
“Care to up the wager, Condor?  I’ve got a couple of Benjamins right here that say I’m right.”
“Shut up, Miles,” Condor replied as he lined up his specially designed firearm on the black limo pulling away from the mansion.  “I am working here.”
“Let me know when it’s done,” Miles said sighing in a longsuffering manner.
As the vehicle passed Condor’s position, he tracked it until he got a clear view of the rear bumper and squeezed off his shot.
“Sub tagged,” Condor announced before swiftly retreating fifty yards to the waiting black paneled van with his team of six men inside.  “Do you have him?”
“Coming in clear as a bell,” Miles assured him adding in admiration, “I think I’m in love.”
“I am not that kind of man.”
“Not with you, mate.”
“It is simply a tracking device…perhaps you should hold out for a woman.”
“I’m talking about a woman…the designer of this beauty of a system to be specific.  One of these days I plan to marry that girl…that is, if I ever get to actually meet her in person.”
“I pity the poor woman.”
“Do you two mind?” Fields broke in.  “Hell, it’s like babysitting a couple of twelve year olds.”
“Aw, c’mon Fields,” Miles coaxed, “you’ve met the Doc…what’s she like?”
“Way too smart to get involved with your sorry ass, now pay attention to what you’re doing or so help me when you get back to the states I’ll…”
“I know…I know,” Miles interrupted, “you’ll beat me to within an inch of my life.”
“Wrong…I won’t be stopping at that last inch…now keep your minds on the mission.”
“Ouch,” Miles said feelingly as Fields disconnected.
“If it wouldn’t be too much trouble, mate,” Condor said, “my team would appreciate a heading…”
“Oh right…well…will you look at that,” Miles crowed.  “You owe me a steak dinner, mate.”
“The cemetery it is, then.  Team 2, you copy…?”
“Already in position, Team Leader,” a voice replied through the earpiece.
“Team 3, hold your position…you copy…?
“Copy that Team Leader…holding position.
“Heading to you now, Team 2…ETA twenty minutes…”
“Copy that Team Leader…”
“Still don’t believe it’s the cemetery, mate…?  Plan to leave those other guys hanging around Zelek’s corporate offices…?”
“Covering the bases, Miles; you have been known to be wrong before.”
“Not this time…no way that cold-hearted bastard was so attached to his mum that he’d visit her dead body all the time.  And just so you know,” Miles put in, “I like my steak well done.”
“Shut up, Miles,” Condor growled.
“Shutting up now…”

~ * * ~

“Dammit!” Miles exclaimed ten minutes later.
“What is it?” Condor demanded.
“We were both wrong…how did I miss that?”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re almost there…and…look to your right…do you see a limo parked on the street?”
“Aw, hell…send the coordinates to Team 2 and 3…all teams converge on new location…copy…?”
“Team 2, copy…”
“Team 3, copy…”
“Where is he, Miles?”
“Pulling up traffic cams in the area now, but my bet is he’s in the pizza joint.”
“That makes no sense…a Baron in a limo at a pizza place…”
“Look at the sign, mate…” 
“Black Baron Pizza…?”
“Yep…he apparently owns the joint,” Miles said in frustration, “and I knew that…read it in his file…he didn’t even bother to hide that tidbit of news.”
“It gives him an excuse to visit on a regular basis,” Condor noted.
“Traffic cam shows him going in the front door,” Miles informed him.  “He’s in there, alright.  So what do you plan to do?”
“Anyone in the mood for pizza…?”
“Hang on,” Miles said.  “Fields is calling back…give me a sec to connect him.”
“What’s the holdup?” Fields barked.
“We were both wrong,” Miles admitted.  “It’s not the cemetery or his corporate offices…the guy’s in a pizza joint…one that he owns by the way.”
“Well go in after him.  He’s texting Avery’s phone wanting to know what the hell’s going on.  Our window of opportunity is closing…fast.”
“I plan to send in one of the men for a sit rep to…” Condor began.
“No time,” Fields broke in.
“What about covering our asses with the Brits…?”
“I’ve already contacted MI5…it’s a go…”
“So how do you want to play it?”
“Teams 2 and 3 will secure the parameter when they arrive and wait for the Brits to show up.  Your team goes in, full masks, fake robbery…find the weakest link and torture them if you have to…just get to Zelek now.”
“Well boys,” Condor grinned as he pulled his mask down over his face and drew his CZ 99, “time to rob a pizza joint.”

~ * * ~

GiGi hated her job.  
Although she possessed a high IQ and could have gone on to University, GiGi had shuddered at the prospect of the years of study ahead of her…studying things that had no purpose.  In her opinion—the only opinion that mattered to her—such pursuits were a silly waste of time.
She had other ideas about how her life should turn out and, with a little luck and a lot of planning, she hoped to make her dreams come true.
To that end, she researched her every move carefully before committing to a course of action, which was why she had taken a job she despised.  
GiGi had her reasons for taking that job and, in her mind, those reasons justified the dirty and disgusting tasks she sometimes had to suffer, for she was a woman on a mission…a woman who planned to marry rich and live a life of luxury.  
When she’d first taken the job at Black Baron Pizza, she had been fully aware that the owner, none other than the elusive and smashing Baron Zelek, had periodically been seen carrying out a large pizza box.
GiGi’s goal from that point on had been to meet and marry the Baron and live happily ever after.
However, the whole six months of GiGi’s employ, the Baron would arrive and walk right on past her without even acknowledging her presence, obviously intent on reaching the manager’s office where he would stay sequestered until his departure, leaving GiGi with a horrid case of frustration.
Finally, fed up with the Baron’s indifference, GiGi—out of sheer desperation—had ‘accidentally’ planted her rather impressively proportioned body directly in front of the Baron and, as he attempted to circumvent the annoying obstacle in front of him, had pretended to sprain her ankle.
  Much to her chagrin, the cold-hearted bastard had merely stepped over her in distaste and continued on his way.
Returning to her place at the cash register to attend to a patiently waiting customer—silently fuming over the Baron’s insolence—she impatiently took the order. Opening the cash register drawer with a vicious stab, GiGi barely noticed the masked men entering the premises.  
Although she’d been trained by the manager to push the silent panic button for every little thing—he even expected her to push it if the police walked in—GiGi felt justified in ignoring the manager’s orders.  After all, she’d just been royally snubbed by the owner…what did she care if some rather large, well-built, and armed masked men robbed him blind.
“Everyone on the ground,” the leader said in attractively accented English as he waved his gun around.
GiGi could have sworn she heard laughter in his voice as he continued, “This is a stickup.”
Suddenly, GiGi had an idea.  Never one to miss a golden opportunity, she quickly reached into the till and snatched the only ton and all but one pony, stuffing them in between her rather grand bazongas.  After all, she’d already decided to quit and needed something to tide her over until she found her next target.
As the leader approached her, the only one in the whole place still standing aside from the masked men, GiGi could see the amusement in his eyes.
“Are you pilfering what I am here to steal?” he asked softly. 
GiGi practically melted at the deep, sexy voice.  Slipping her hand around his neck, she pulled him close and placed her lips near his ear.
“It’s been a slow day, handsome, but I know how you could make some real cash.”
Eyes irresistibly drawn to the woman’s obvious charms revealed by the low-cut uniform, Condor murmured, “Do tell, princess.”
“You see, there’s this Baron…”

~ * * ~

“But I don’t know anything…” the quivering mass of fat and sweat protested weakly.
“Shoot him in the foot, Fido,” Condor ordered, releasing the man and allowing him to slide into an untidy heap on the floor.
“With pleasure,” Fido drawled aiming his Beretta at the man’s right foot.
“No…please…”
“Then tell us what we want to know,” Condor suggested in a mild tone.  “You have ten seconds…that is, if Fido can count that high.”
“Ten comes after four…right…?” Fido asked scratching his head with the butt of the Beretta.
“Five seconds then,” Condor shrugged indifferently, lowering himself into the manager’s leather chair and putting his feet up on the desk.  “Commencing countdown…”
“One…two…” Fido lined his gun up on the manager’s foot.  “Three…four…”
“He’s in the basement,” the manager blurted out, “with his friend.”
“There is a basement…?” Condor lifted an eyebrow in his version of surprise.
“The bastard has a friend…?” Fido asked with exaggerated shock, “Who knew?”

~ * * ~
 
As Condor and three of his men quietly made their way through the hidden panel at the back of the office closet and down the brilliantly lit stairs to the partially opened door at the bottom, two distinct voices reached them.
“Something is amiss,” the first voice—a stilted and proper British voice with a hint of Eastern European flavoring—said with certainty.  “Avery would not be so careless.”
“Do you think they got him?” a second voice—one with a pronounced southern American drawl—asked anxiously.
“I had not thought it possible, but I have misjudged the Americans’ intelligence as well as their perseverance twice now, to my detriment—first with my sister and then with her bumbling idiot of a husband…Avery’s twin brother—I shall not underestimate them again.”
“What do we do?”
“For now…nothing.  I shall make discreet inquiries and ascertain if Avery is still alive.  Until then, do not open this door for anyone else and do not reply to any missives thought to be from Avery.”
“But my food and beer…” the second voice whined.
“I suppose you must eat,” the first voice said in distaste.  “I will have the idiot manager slide your…nourishment…under the door.”
“But my favorite beer won’t fit under the door…I’ll just open it a crack…”
“You will make do,” the first voice replied curtly.  “And stay alert.  If something has happened to compromise our operation, we shall have to move quickly.”
“I’ll be careful,” the second voice promised eagerly.
“See that you do,” the first voice warned.  “Lock the door and remember…do not open it for anyone.”
“Nobody gets in but you.”
A door slammed shut, and the group on the stairs heard multiple bolts shooting into place.
“Damn,” Condor muttered.
“Worse than Fort Knox,” Fido agreed quietly.
As the four men on the stairs waited patiently, guns drawn, the door swung inwards, and Baron Zelek appeared, obviously deep in thought.  It took him a full second to realize he was not alone.
Two simultaneously executed acts on Zelek’s part were immediately put into motion...neither of which—unfortunately for Zelek—successfully completed.
The first—Zelek grabbing the door and attempting to pull it shut—Condor’s strategically placed foot decisively nixed, and the second—Zelek’s arm swinging up and a pistol springing into his hand—a bullet through the brain from Fido’s Beretta quite permanently halted.
Condor caught the body before it could hit the floor.  Within seconds, two of his masked men, Red and Spike, had the body up and through the closet.  Condor cautiously peered through the doorway and then pointed to Fido’s boots.
With a quiet groan, Fido removed his boots and, as soon as Condor gave the all clear signal, he slid into the darkened hallway, stopping just short of the door.  Reaching into his jacket, he removed a small instrument.  Stretching it out until it became a long-handled mirror, Fido slid it level with the crack under the door.
Unable to see anything from his height, he lowered his head towards the mirror and barely managed to choke down the gag that threatened to escape at the horrendous odor seeping out from under the door.
After quickly ascertaining that the door was too thick for the mirror to be effective, and with his hand covering his mouth and nose, Fido hot-footed it back to the Team Leader.  

~ * * ~

“Where exactly do you place the pizza and the beer?” Condor asked with forced patience.
“I told you, I slide it under the door,” the manager answered, glancing fearfully at the dead Baron occupying one corner of his office.
“Should I re-explain to the man what ‘exactly’ means, boss?” Fido asked.
“No…I know…I mean…I don’t see what the problem is…” the man stammered.
“Here is the door,” Condor said pointing towards the door that led to the rest of the building, “now, place this empty pizza box and six-pack exactly where in relationship to the man’s door you would place it down in the basement before you slide it underneath and into the room.”
“Oh,” the manager breathed a sigh of relief as he took the empty pizza box and placed it on the floor in the middle of the door then pulled the bottles of a six-pack out of the carton and lay them down, three bottles on each side of the box with the lids facing towards the door.
“Now we’re getting somewhere,” Fido licked his lips in anticipation.

~ * * ~

GiGi was beyond tired of lying on the floor…plus, she was beginning to suspect that the robbery was not a robbery at all.  
The masked men had locked the front door and lit up the closed sign, but other than that…nothing…content just to stand around looking tough and cradling their guns.
Surely they could find something to steal if they looked hard enough.  All they had demanded so far were cell phones.
She was dying of curiosity, wondering how things were going with the Baron, but the one time she’d tried to start a conversation, the two masked men standing guard had completely ignored her…well…not completely—their eyes did a bunch of looking—but they never spoke.  Unlike the man who she assumed was running the show…  
A strange thrill ran through her as she anticipated the return of their leader…the one with the sexy voice and eyes.
He was something else.
Suddenly, her concern for marrying rich became secondary to seeing him again. 
“Hey,” she called to one of the men, “I could fix you up a pizza if you like.  You boys look hungry.”
The two exchanged looks, and she knew she had them right where she wanted them.
Pushing herself slowly off the ground—studiously ignoring the reproachful looks of the two men she worked with—GiGi made sure the masked men could see her hands as well as her other obvious attributes as she asked suggestively, “So, boys, which one of you wants to watch me work my magic?”

~ * * ~

Condor entered the kitchen where one of his men was watching the girl pull a couple of pizzas out of the ovens while another of his men finished resealing a bottle of beer.
“You done with his nightcap yet, Buster?”
“Yep,” Buster replied in satisfaction, “he should sleep like a baby.  Good thing it’s not his normal brand, though, cuz he’d probably taste the sedative in his usual drink.”
“Will it hit him hard and fast enough that he won’t have the time or inclination to hit the delete button?”
“No doubt…”
“Good…”
“Hey boss,” another man entered the kitchen carrying a large duffel, “I got through to Sampson.  The only suggestion he made was using two extra charges since we don’t know for sure how many hinges there are.  His guess would be at least three for that heavy of a door, but he said there could be five.”
“You got everything you need, Red?”
“Right here in my goodie bag.”
“Spike…?”
Condor turned as another of his men entered the kitchen.
“Grabbed a mirror outta the little boys’ room and I’m all set to put it in place.  If he decides to take a peek outside the door, all he’ll see is empty hallway.”
“Wolf…?” he turned to the man standing over the girl as she expertly boxed up one of the pizzas.
“GiGi here has the pizza all ready to go.”
“Well, GiGi,” Condor mocked, “your job here is done.  Wolf, take her back to the others.  Have Rottie keep an eye on the street.  We don’t want anyone getting too close when the curtain goes up.”
“Anything else I can do for you boys,” GiGi smiled knowingly as she trailed a hand down Wolf’s arm, “you just let me know.”
All eyes save two followed her as she turned and left the kitchen, putting on quite a show as she moved into the dining area and sat down at the nearest table, crossing her legs.
Condor snorted in disgust.  Even with the black ski masks covering most of their faces, he could easily tell that his men were panting after the woman.
“Head slaps all around, boys…?” Condor asked in a deceptively mild tone.
“No…we’re good,” Buster assured him recovering quickly, he and the others reluctantly tearing their eyes away from the two long expanses of shapely legs.  “Let’s go catch a bad guy.”

~ * * ~

“A bit more, mate,” Miles said encouragingly into his earpiece.  “I still can’t see a thing.”
Obligingly, Fido slid the small cable a little further under the door.
“That’s it…good angle…now, do a slow sweep of the room…oh my beauties,” Miles breathed in awe, “I’m coming to get you.”
“What beauties Miles?” Condor asked in a low tone wondering if the man had women in the room with him…that would complicate matters.
He and Red—camped out on the stairwell while Fido put eyes into the room from behind a mirror, just in case the man inside was smart enough to own his own special equipment—exchanged questioning glances.
“In layman’s terms…computers…top-of-the-line computers…and they will soon be mine…all mine…”
“The man, Miles,” Condor broke in.  “What about the man?”
“Oh, him,” Miles said in a dismissive tone, “he’s out cold and in danger of death by pizza.”
“What do you mean?” 
“The guy is sound asleep face down in his pizza box.”
“Is he close to the door?”
“That room is so tiny everything is close to everything, but I think we’ve got at least two feet separating him from the blast zone.”
“Fido, pull back…Red, you’re on.”
Red swiftly moved down the stairs and through the door.  Shortly after, Fido joined Condor.
“Miles, have Fields contact MI5,” Condor ordered.  “They need to deal with the half a dozen or so people up top and keep any stragglers away from the area.”
“Righto, mate,” Miles said cheerfully.
“Wolf…Rottie, you both copy that?”
“We’ll be watching for ‘em.”
“Make sure you get everybody out before you join the party down here.”
“How long before blast off?” Rottie asked. 
“Red…?” Condor deferred to him.
“I need about ten minutes.”
Exactly nine minutes later—after the employees and customers had all been evacuated and taken to a secure location for debriefing, and a body bag had been brought in, filled with the corpse of one very dead Baron, and removed from the premises by a very happy MI5, and Wolf and Rottie had joined the rest of Condor’s men hold up in the stairwell—Red detonated the explosives.
It wasn’t much of a blast, as explosions went—barely even a footnote in the late evening traffic—and the door remained in place, but the hinges—all five of them—had been blown cleanly off.
Pushing the door inward, the deadbolts still securely locked, Wolf and Rottie—protected by thick leather gloves—managed to force their way into the tiny room, Condor and Fido right behind them.
Through the earpieces, each one heard the anxiety in Miles’ voice as he asked, “Are my beauties okay?”
“It should be a beautiful wedding, mate,” Condor replied drily as he took in the trio of unharmed computer towers, “and an interesting honeymoon.”

~ * * ~

As soon as Condor exited the building, he saw her standing by the van chatting up his men who no longer wore masks.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing…?” he muttered into their earpieces as he strode towards them.
All six of his men, recognizing the tone as well as the look on Condor’s face, quickly said goodbye to the girl and scrambled into the van.
“What are you doing here?” Condor demanded parking himself in front of the girl leaning against the van in a seductive pose.  Switching off his earpiece, he continued in an annoyed tone, “You were supposed to be evacuated with the others.”
“I’m a bit harder to get rid of then that, love,” GiGi said huskily.  “I wanted to see you again.”
“Not interested,” Condor said as he turned and headed around the van to the front passenger-side door.
“I’m not offering my body, doll,” GiGi said as she resolutely followed him.  “Although don’t think I haven’t thought about it…”
“Get lost,” Condor said in a brusque tone as he reached for the door handle.
Somehow, GiGi managed to insinuate her body between Condor and the van, effectively blocking him from his goal.
“I want a job,” she stated boldly.
“No.”
“I want a job.”
“When we first arrived, you had your hand in the till and were willing to give up your boss at the first sign of trouble,” Condor pointed out contemptuously.  “I wouldn’t hire you if someone paid me to do it.”
“First of all, I put all the money back.  It was just a revenge thing because the Baron is a…was a…”
“I get it…he was a bad man…however, you were also willing to give him up to a group of armed robbers…”
“Hell hath no fury…”
“So you are saying that because the man repulsed your advances, you were out to get him.”
“Well, yes, but…”
“No way in hell would I hire a woman with that much revenge on her mind.  You would be a danger to us all.”
“Okay, look, I admit I took this job to get close to the Baron.  The man’s not bad looking …he’s rich…or was rich before you killed him…or I assume that was him in the body bag since he went in and never came out… so I went after him.  I’m smart and resourceful and not unattractive and I figured I had just as much of a chance of nabbing him as any other girl, but the truth is I’m bored…bored out of my skull…and then you come along and there’s excitement and danger and explosions and dead bodies and…and…I need that so before you totally discount me, at least give me a chance to prove that I can be an asset.”
“You have no idea what we do.”
“It doesn’t take a ruddy genius to figure it out, love…the Baron had to be doing something shady to have that kind of money in this economy…and you took him out.  Now that’s exciting.”
For a moment, Condor studied her thoughtfully.
“Your name…”
“My name…?”
“What is your name?” he repeated patiently as if to a particularly slow child.
“GiGi…”
“Your full name…no nicknames…”
She mumbled something unintelligible.
“If you are unwilling to cooperate, you are simply wasting my time.”
“Geraldine Gertrude Gentry…there are you happy now?”
“Stay,” he ordered as he moved away from the van.
“Good doggie,” GiGi muttered sulkily.
Pulling out his cell phone, Condor punched the number two on his speed dial.
“Fields,” a gruff voice answered.
“I’ve found Al’s replacement,” Condor began without preamble.  “Have Miles run a check on Geraldine Gertrude Gentry…nickname GiGi.”
Fields chuckled, “That’s a mouthful.”
“She’s an eyeful, too.”
“Sounds promising…how long do you need to put her through hell?”
“A week should do it.”
“Keep me posted.”
“Will do…”
“Well…?” GiGi asked approaching Condor hopefully as soon as he snapped his phone shut.
“You have a week to convince me.”

The End

Read on for a special bonus feature:
The Wedding

Bonus Feature
The Wedding
Austin, Texas
March 17th, 2012

“She’s so beautiful,” Mary whispered, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue as she and Ricky watched Jake escort Ashley down the aisle to the impatiently waiting groom.
“Not as beautiful as you, Mrs. Ricky Hunter,” Ricky murmured in her ear.  “Do you regret not having a big wedding?”
“Never,” she shook her head adamantly.  “I love other people’s weddings, but…”
“You don’t have to be the center of attention when someone else is the bride,” Ricky nodded in understanding.  “I usually hate weddings myself, especially if I have to wear a penguin suit, but I would have done anything to make you happy.”
“Do you think anyone knows?”
“About our elopement…?” Ricky shrugged.  “Jake does.”
“How do you know?”
“Jake knows everything.”
“He sounds scary.”
“He is, sweetheart, he really is.”
“Do I have to meet him today?”
“Not if you don’t want to,” Ricky said squeezing her hand.
“Good,” Mary exhaled in relief and turned her attention to the two incredibly attractive people exchanging vows.

~ * * ~

A huge lump formed in Mark’s throat as he watched the love of his life glide down the aisle towards him on Jake’s arm.
Even though he felt as if he’d known Ashley—or Al as she used to call herself—forever, the thought of getting to know her in a whole new way excited him beyond belief.  The two of them had been through so much together, but had agreed to wait until their wedding night to consummate their relationship.
The waiting had been hard and, at times, Mark wasn’t sure he’d survive it, but it had all been worth it.  Ashley had finally come to terms with her past and was ready to move forward.
Tonight you’ll be mine in every way, my darling, Mark’s eyes spoke to Ashley as she placed her hand trustingly in his.
Ashley willed her limbs not to tremble as she offered her hand to Mark, but it was no use…she was a bundle of nerves.  The day she’d waited for her whole life had finally arrived and her emotions had gone completely haywire.
It seemed like the two of them had known each other forever, but at the same time it seemed like just yesterday she’d flipped him onto the hard concrete of Jake’s new house addition.  
Hard to believe it had been almost three years since they’d met.
So much had happened to them and between them since that time and, as Ashley held Mark’s gaze, she felt like dissolving into tears…her heart so full that she didn’t have words to express what he meant to her.
After years of being alone, Ashley finally had a family—one that loved and accepted her unconditionally—and the one man who could make her happy.
Even though her eyes filled with tears under the veil, she could clearly read Mark’s lips as he mouthed ever so tenderly, “I love you, Ashley.”
Smiling mistily, all Ashley could do was swallow hard and squeeze his hand before both of them turned their attention to the preacher and their vows of lifetime commitment.

~ * * ~

“So, that’s Mary…” a deep rumbling voice from behind startled Ricky and he barely saved the glass of lime-green punch from tumbling out of his hand and onto the tile floor.
“Jake,” Ricky turned in trepidation, “sorry I haven’t introduced you, but what with you giving away the bride and the reception line and stuff…”
“When exactly do you plan to enlighten the rest of your family that you’re a married man?”
Ricky’s hand automatically went to his pocket and he fingered the gold band hidden away as he pondered how to answer.  He knew better than to pretend ignorance.  It was Jake Wright, after all, and Ricky had known all along that Jake would figure it out before anyone else.
“Of course you know…” Ricky sighed in resignation. 
“You made a promise to your brother, and through him…to me.  I’ve always assumed you to be a man of your word, so…”
“How did you figure out I’d told her?”
“Mary has a very expressive face and she’s been watching me half in fear and half in awe since the two of you arrived, with an occasional wide-eyed glance at your brother.  It’s fairly obvious she knows who we are.”
“Has anyone else figured it out, you think?”
“Krzysztof, perhaps…”
At Ricky’s questioning look, he clarified, “Dr. Krohl…”
“Right…can’t put anything past you or Doc Shrink…”
“Other than that, not that I’ve noticed,” he replied adding humorously, “For some odd reason, everyone’s focus seems to be on the bride and groom.  I assume that’s why you haven’t made your announcement yet.”
“We didn’t want to take anything away from Mark and Ashley’s day,” Ricky admitted.  “Plus, Mary’s had enough attention to pretty much last her a lifetime.  If I’d insisted on a wedding like this, she would have run for the hills.”
“When did you tie the knot?”
“This morning…the timing just worked out that way with our jobs and all.”
“You didn’t invite anyone to the ceremony?”
“Mary doesn’t have any family left, and I didn’t want to overwhelm her with mine since she hadn’t met any of them except Denise, and she’d already left for Austin, so it was just us, the preacher from church, and a couple of witnesses he rounded up for us.”
“So, back to my original question…?” Jake prompted.
“We’re gonna to tell my parents after Mark and Ashley take off; then we can leave on our honeymoon, too.”
“You realize there will be a price to pay when you return.”
“I’ve already warned her about the penchant for parties around here and she’s agreed to suck it up and try to enjoy it,” Ricky chuckled.  “Mary hasn’t had much fun in her life, but after this week, I guarantee she’ll be all about the fun.”
“A bit cocky are we?”
“Not cocky…just convinced.”
“Drew’s right,” Jake muttered as he turned to rejoin Allison, “you and Stover have way too much in common.” 

~ * * ~

“What’s up with you today, Christopher?” Rachel tugged at the strong, warm hand holding hers.
“Must something be ‘up’ with me?” Christopher asked absently as he watched the exchange between his old friend Jake and his fairly recent acquaintance, Ricky Hunter.
“Christopher,” Rachel warned, “even though we’ve only been married a few months, I know when something’s going on so spill it.” 
Returning Jake’s barely perceptible nod as he left Ricky to rejoin his spouse, Christopher willingly turned his attention to his own tiny and delicate wife.  Catching the obstinate look in her eyes, he humorously substituted ‘determined’ for delicate. 
“How is our little one surviving all of the excitement this afternoon?” he asked placing his free hand over the almost unnoticeable swell of Rachel’s abdomen.  “If the reception is too tiring for you, I would be happy to forego the remainder of the festivities and escort the two of you back to the hotel.”
Instantly, Rachel’s face transformed, wreathed in a smile.
“Our little bundle of joy is doing just fine,” she assured him lovingly patting the hand that rested on their unborn child, “and don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing…trying to distract me.  I saw the look between you and Jake.  Will we ever be able to relax and forget about all that secret agent stuff?  Or are we doomed forever to be pulled into one situation after another until one day one of us…”
Christopher bent down and placed his lips firmly on Rachel’s, the only effective way to silence the woman he loved more dearly with each and every passing day.
Lifting his head, Christopher met the love-glazed eyes of his charming wife with a tenderness that overwhelmed her.
“I just love you so much,” she whispered almost inaudibly, “and now that I know what your life has been like…” her voice broke.  “I can’t bear the thought of losing you.”
“I had not planned to share the news until after the reception,” Christopher gently stroked her cheek, “but I can see I shall have no rest until I do.”
“I knew you were a fast learner,” Rachel leaned into his hand and smiled tremulously.  “What is it this time?”
“Nothing ominous, I can assure you, my love,” Christopher said pulling her close and murmuring in her ear.  “It seems our two lovebirds have eloped.”
“Our two…” she began then broke off exclaiming, “Ricky and Mary?  But Ricky’s family…won’t they be upset?”
“Although Mary’s personality is vastly different from yours, my sweet, I suspect that she is similar to you in at least one way.”
“She hates being the center of attention,” Rachel nodded as she leaned back from Christopher just enough to meet his eyes, “and Ricky would do whatever he had to do in order to make her happy, just as you did for me when we eloped.”
“Just as I shall always do for you, my love,” Christopher assured her tightening his arms as he urged her closer, resting his chin on the top of her head, “For you and for our child.  You are the love of my life and the reason for my very existence.”
“As you are mine,” Rachel sighed contentedly, relaxing against his chest, “you and our baby.”

~ * * ~

“Hey, Denise.”
Spinning around at the familiar voice, Denise’s smile faltered.
“Hello, Daniel.”
“It’s been a while,” he shot her a lop-sided grin, “how’ve you been?”
“Busy.”
“So, how’s the old doctor boyfriend…Adam or Austin or something…?”
“His name is Aaron, and I’m sure he’s just fine.”
“You aren’t together anymore?” Daniel asked in surprise.
“It didn’t work out.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Daniel said, “and I’m sorry for…well…you know…”
“Do I?”
“I am…I really am…I should never have…” Daniel broke off tugging at the neck of his dress shirt in embarrassment.  “Anyway, you were right to do what you did, and I just want you to know that I’m trying to change…to be better.”
Denise’s eyes softened for a moment and she instinctively placed her hand on his arm.
“I’m glad.”
“I know there’s no chance of anything serious between us, but I was kinda hoping maybe we could be friends.”
“Friends…?” Denise repeated pointedly.
“Yeah, I remember our last conversation.”
“You mean the one where you threw my offer of friendship back in my face simply because I refused to…um…how did you phrase it…‘put out’ I believe was your oh so tactful terminology?”
“That one…yeah…but I’ve grown up a lot since then…per your suggestion, and since our families are so close and all…”
“It would be nice to be rid of all the awkwardness between us, so…” Denise smiled holding out her hand, “Hi, I’m Denise.”
Daniel shook her hand, “Hi, Denise…I’m Daniel.”
Laughing out loud in relief, Denise said, “I’m so glad we did this before I left.”
“You’re leaving…?”  
“I hadn’t planned to tell anyone until after the reception, but I’m heading to Georgia next month.”
“Georgia…?  Why the hell would you move to Georgia?”
“Actually, I’ll just be there temporarily while I complete Officer Basic Leadership Course.”
“You’re joining the Army?” Daniel repeated in shock.  “I drove you to join the military?”
“You didn’t drive me anywhere,” Denise replied irritably.  “What an ego!  I’m the one in the driver’s seat…me…and no one else.”
“Okay…okay…” Daniel held his hands up in surrender, “don’t go getting your panties all in a wad.”
“This is something I’ve thought about for a long time and I need to do it before I turn thirty, otherwise they might not take me.”
“And it’s something you really want to do…?”
“Yes,” Denise replied firmly, “it really is.”

~ * * ~

“Aw, c’mon Lizzie, you don’t want to go out with him…I’m much better looking.”
“Um…David…you and Josh are identical twins,” Elizabeth pointed out.
“Yeah, David,” Josh gloated.  “Nice try, but Liz likes me a lot better than you.”
“Actually, I like to be called Elizabeth,” the dark-haired petite girl said spiritedly.  
“See…now you’ve gone and upset the girl,” David elbowed Josh in the ribs.  “You should go sit in the corner and think about what you’ve done.”
“Me…?” Josh exclaimed, “You called her Lizzie first.”
“Guys…” 
Noticing that Logan had escaped Samuel and was heading straight for the groom’s table where the remains of a German chocolate cake rested—Cassidy right behind him—Elizabeth tried to attract the two boys’ immediate attention, but failed miserably.
“Well, at least Lizzie is closer to Elizabeth than Liz is,” David said in a satisfied tone.
“Close only counts in horse shoes,” Josh scoffed.
“That cliché is older than the hairs on a grandpa’s chest,” David returned.
“Better not let Dad hear you say that, since he’s about to be one.”
“Hey!  Don’t you go telling Dad I called him old…”
Shaking her head at the two incorrigible brothers, Elizabeth trailed after the kids, hoping to nab some of Allison’s homemade cake herself and wishing she had more time to learn from her.
Elizabeth loved cooking and was secretly hoping to convince her mom and Richard to let her attend cooking school instead of college in the fall.
From behind her, Elizabeth heard, “Aw, man…now look what you did…she left,” and she stifled a giggle.
True, David and Josh were incorrigible, but they were also darn cute.

~ * * ~

Once more, Samuel tried to corral the two little miscreants, but with little success…and Elizabeth had been cornered by the twins again, so he probably couldn’t count on any help from that quarter.
Actually, Samuel had to admit that Logan was the miscreant while sweet little Cassidy just followed along with whatever her hero wanted to do.  Logan definitely had plenty of Richard in him.
Samuel grinned as his thoughts turned to his conundrum of a stepfather.  Richard was one the smartest men Samuel knew, and to watch him at work in a courtroom was amazing, but in his personal life…
Although Richard would turn forty-nine in the fall, Samuel’s mom called him her fourth child.  Samuel was glad because his mom had always been too serious, and Richard brought fun into her life.  Richard had once confided in him that his favorite thing in the world to do was to make Samuel’s mother laugh.  It was Richard’s favorite sound.
Samuel had to admit, it was in his top ten, also.
There was another reason that Samuel loved having Richard as his stepfather, but it was a bit less unselfish…Richard had convinced his mom to let him apply to Harvard Law School.
She hated lawyers because of her ‘innocence-stealing father’, and had even threatened to shoot Richard a couple of times when they first met.  When she found out that Samuel wanted to be a lawyer, too, she’d about had a cow.
Even though Samuel looked like his grandfather, Lowell Tate, he wasn’t worried about ever resembling him in any other way.  His mom had seen to that by raising him right.  Samuel would never do to any girl what his grandfather had done to his grandmother.
In fact, since high school—when his best friend Darcy had been murdered—Samuel hadn’t even dated.  Between the unresolved feelings leftover from that and all the studying he had to do in order to keep his grades up as he’d promised Richard, Samuel didn’t have the time or inclination to even think about women.
Thankfully, Richard had been on Samuel’s side from the beginning and finally managed to win his mom over.  After one more year of college—maintaining his current 4.0 GPA, of course—Samuel hoped Harvard would accept his application.
Harvard would be hard to get into—Samuel realized that and had a couple of backup plans—but he had high hopes that with Richard’s assistance he could do it.
“Lot of help you are…” Elizabeth muttered as she swept past Samuel on the way to the groom’s table where Logan had managed to grab a handful of cake and was gleefully stuffing his face.  “Thanks for nothing.”
“Anytime, Sis,” Samuel grinned broadly sauntering after her, “I live to serve.”

~ * * ~

“Damn, Al, I’d never have recognized you.”
“Richard,” his wife reproved.
“Okay, then…darn, Al…” Richard grinned, “Ditto what I said before.”
“I’m Ashley now,” the bride murmured.
“Oh, right,” Richard lowered his voice in mock conspiracy, “so is this another undercover op or more like an under-the-covers op?”
Angelica rolled her eyes.
“Sorry,” she said, “I tried to leave Richard at home, but couldn’t find a babysitter for him.”
“She’s got your number, Stover,” Mark said with a chuckle.
“My wife tells me I can’t kiss or hug the bride,” Richard fake-pouted, “so I guess we’ll just have to settle for a handshake.”
“I knew I liked you, Auntie Angelica,” Mark nodded his approval, “but I have to nix the handshake, too.  No touchy-touchy…you two have already used up your quota.”
“Mark’s a bit possessive,” Ashley said with a smile, “but I have to admit, I feel the same way about him.”
“Does your new hubby know you’re a dominatrix, Ashley?” Richard asked playfully then turned to Mark.  “She threatened to have me on the floor flat on my back if I didn’t cooperate.”
“Angelica,” Mark began casually, “if you need any help tying up and gagging your husband, all you have to do is say the word.  It would certainly save the babysitting fees.  I’m beginning to see why Mom has to constantly restrain Jake.”
“Aw…c’mon Mark…I thought we were friends…”
“You know the old saying…with friends like you…” Mark trailed off.
“I can’t take him anywhere,” Angelica shook her head and heaved a theatrical sigh.  “Let’s go bother someone else, dear.  I think Mark and Ashley have had quite enough of your warped brand of humor today.”
“I’m hurt,” Richard placed his hand over his heart.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Angelica mumbled as she firmly led him away.

~ * * ~

As Jake moved to rejoin his wife, Allison, her eyes met his over the shoulder of the woman she continued conversing with and he could feel his mask slipping.  Even as he struggled to keep the goofy grin off his face, a sharp breath caught in his throat at the love shining out of her eyes…love for him.  
Mentally shaking his head in defeat, he admitted that he was beyond all hope as his dreaded grin showed signs of making an unscheduled appearance.
Allison alone had that effect on him.
For decades, nothing had challenged his expressionless demeanor or his iron self-control, but even after almost four years of marriage, Allison still had the ability to melt him with one beautiful blue-eyed glance.
It wasn’t that he minded people seeing how Allison affected him, but his travesty of a smile had the tendency to frighten people…appearing as more of a pained grimace from the years of disuse.
Reaching Allison’s side, he slid his left arm around her waist and gently squeezed.  Surreptitiously, he felt Allison move closer to him and, as always, he could feel his whole body stirring at her nearness.
Once again, Jake marveled that Allison had chosen him.  He knew he didn’t deserve her, no matter what she said to the contrary, and his heart swelled with love as he silently renewed his commitment to cherish her every second of every day of their incredible life together.
“Jon…Lydia…” Jake greeted the couple engaged in an animated discussion with his wife—predictably about the imminent arrival of their first mutual grandbaby—at the first lull in the conversation.
“Jake,” Jonathan Barrett extended a hand, which Jake immediately grasped.
Jake lowered his head as Lydia reached up and placed a light kiss on Jake’s unscarred cheek…one of only a handful of women allowed to do so. 
 A mutual admiration and respect had sprung up between the Barretts and the Wrights and Jake gave a quick prayer of thanks that he’d been blessed with such good friends after years of self-imposed solitude and loneliness, only allowing Shun and then Drew to breach the wall he’d built around himself and even then, only when he had no choice.  He’d hated the thought that simply knowing him put them in harm’s way.
But with the closing of the book on Avery—the assassin he’d pursued for decades—he felt he could finally allow people into his life.
And his life was good…very good…
“So,” Lydia asked as she pulled back, “are they married?”
“This morning,” Jake replied.
“Mary’s probably still reeling from shock,” Jon suggested.  “Hearing about you and Drew on top of getting married all in one day…”
“Jake doesn’t think Ricky told her this morning,” Allison said.  “He suspects that Ricky let it slip too soon and then realized it was either leave Mary at home or marry her before they showed up at Mark’s wedding.”
“That’s wonderful,” Lydia laughed delightedly.  “The two are obviously nuts about each other.  I wonder how Bill and Manda are taking the news.”
“They haven’t told anyone yet,” Jake said, “although I’m fairly certain many of the guests have figured it out by now.”
“Do you think Ricky and Mary realize that?” Allison asked.
“I may have…er…reassured Ricky that wasn’t the case,” Jake admitted.
“Good,” Allison smiled up at him in approval.  “I’m sure Ricky would feel terrible if he thought he and Mary were taking anything away from Mark and Ashley’s special day, even though I know my son and my new daughter very well, and they wouldn’t see it that way.”
All 6’4” and 225 pounds of Jake melted at Allison’s smile as he wondered, a bit impatiently, how long he’d have to wait to get Allison home and alone.
Damn…I mean, darn, Jake muttered silently as he remembered the Stovers weren’t leaving town until the following morning.
Then he brightened as he recalled the well turned-out bedroom in his safe-room in the basement.  No one would be able to knock on that door…not with the many layers of safety precautions in place between the main house and that area.
Vividly picturing carrying Allison down to his hidden lair in the basement while she half-heartedly protested about leaving their guests, Jake valiantly fought the appearance of the grin-disguised-as-a-grimace that tugged on the corners of his mouth, but he failed miserably.
And he didn’t mind at all.
 
~ * * ~

“Oh Mark,” Felicia hugged him tightly despite her eight month pregnancy.
Pulling back and dabbing at the corner of her eyes, she continued, “I’m just so happy for you.”
“Same goes for you, Al…I mean Ashley,” Drew held out his hand to her, but Ashley, refusing to let him get away with it, yanked him into a hug.
“Wow,” Ashley said as she pulled back, “we’re really brother and sister now…go figure.”
“Step brother and sister in-law,” Drew said wryly, “so don’t get carried away.”
“The main thing is, we’re family,” Ashley challenged.
“Yeah, I guess we are at that,” Drew admitted with a half-smile, “just like you always wanted.”
“Just like I always needed,” Ashley corrected softly.
“Yeah, well, don’t go getting too cozy,” Mark scowled, “you’re not blood related.”
“Right,” Felicia agreed emphatically threading her arm through Drew’s, “my generosity doesn’t extend very far where my hunk of a husband’s concerned.”
Mark slid his arm around Ashley’s waist and pulled her up next to him, grinning at Felicia, “Ditto for me…substituting ‘wife’ for ‘husband’ of course.”
“Possessive much…?” Ashley asked eyeing Mark and Felicia.
“Possessive a lot,” Felicia replied as Mark grinningly nodded his agreement.
“Well, just so you know…Drew and I had our own insanely jealous moments over the idea of the two of you together,” Ashley pointed out with satisfaction, “so I think that makes us all even.”
“Things have a way of working out,” Felicia sighed happily, hand resting on her unborn child.
“Have you come up with a name yet?” Ashley asked with interest.
“Jacob Andrew Hunter,” Felicia replied firmly, raising her chin and turning to glare at her husband.
“Poor kid doesn’t stand a chance,” Drew shook his head ruefully.  “It’s bad enough she’s sticking him with my name…but to add Jake’s, too…”
“Well I think it’s a great name, Felicia,” Ashley said.  “And I love that you and CeeCee are due about the same time…”
“I knew my ears were burning,” CeeCee laughed as she and Nick joined the small group.  “Am I in trouble?”
“Yes you are,” Felicia replied.  “I think it’s nauseating how cheerful and not-fat and not-nauseated you are…some best friend you’ve turned out to be…you disgust me.”
“I love you, too, Sis,” CeeCee put an arm around Felicia and squeezed.  “And just think…when our two grow up, we’ll be related by their marriage.”
“I know,” Felicia squealed, “That will be…”
“Whoa, you two,” Mark interrupted, “Don’t you go making plans for those babies before they’re even born.  Autumn Kay and Jacob Andrew just might want to make their own plans, you know.”
“That’s what Drew and I’ve been trying to tell them,” Nick placed a hand on Mark’s shoulder, “but you can see how much they listen to us.  Maybe you can knock some sense into their heads.  That’s what brothers do…right?”
“Just remember what happened to me, CeeCee,” Mark warned, “and surrender now, before World War three breaks out.”
“What happened, Mark?” Ashley asked in surprise.
“The day I was born, my parents started a battle that lasted until right before I reached junior high school.”
“He’s not kidding,” CeeCee half-smiled in remembrance.  “I’d almost forgotten about that.  Mark finally had to put his foot down”
“Please, share…” Nick implored, “…anything to get these two off this whole arranged marriage thing.”
Mark laughed, “Sorry, but Ashley and I have a plane to catch.”  Grabbing Ashley by the hand he glanced around and then headed towards the main exit, “You’ll have to coax it out of your wife.  We’re getting out of here before your twin brothers decide to douse us with birdseed.  Their reputation precedes them.”
“Yeah, like either one of those things is gonna happen,” Nick grinned as David and Josh appeared out of nowhere pelting the two with handfuls of ammo before the couple could even make it to the door.  “My brothers are a menace to society.”
“I’m thinking Allison might be able to help us out,” Drew narrowed his eyes thoughtfully in the direction of Jake and Allison deep in conversation with Nick’s parents.
“Do not bring my mother into this,” CeeCee grabbed Drew’s arm.  “She’ll bring in Jake and it’ll turn into a whole big thing…”
“It’s no big deal, Drew,” Felicia said.  “I mean, it’s not like we’re going to force them into marrying each other.”
“Not the point,” Drew said firmly.  “You talk about it at all in front of them and they might end up thinking that they have to marry to make the two of you happy.”
“Drew’s right,” Nick agreed.  “You can’t put any type of expectation in our kids’ heads or it might influence them, even subconsciously, in a way neither of you will like.”
“Oh my gosh, Felicia,” CeeCee exclaimed in horror, “what if they end up hating each other because of us, just like Mark did football…?”
“Is that what Mark was talking about?” Drew asked.
“My dad was the football coach so of course he wanted Mark to play football,” CeeCee said, “but my mom didn’t.”
“Mark told me he didn’t play football in school,” Nick noted.  “So I guess Allison won that one.”
“No, that’s just it,” CeeCee said, “In the end, neither one of them got what they thought they wanted.  You see, Dad pushed Mark into joining a youth league, but Mom saw that Mark had some musical ability and wanted him to do something with that so she pushed him into piano lessons even after she said she’d never do that type of thing.  Mark hated both of them…the piano and football…not my parents.  It wasn’t until right before junior high when one of Mark’s friends started Karate that Mark figured out what he wanted.”
“Mark never told me that story,” Nick admitted.  “How did his…your…parents react to that?”
“They were both a little ticked off at first, but then one of them remembered the promise they’d made to our grandmother—the one I was named after—the day Mark was born.  They both promised to support Mark no matter what he chose to do with his life, and they both kept that promise.”
“And Mark became a black belt, which led Mark to Daniel, which led Mark to me, which led me to you, my love,” Nick said tenderly placing a kiss on CeeCee’s forehead.  “I believe there’s a lesson in there for all of us.”
“I agree,” Drew said sliding his arms around his wife’s swollen belly from behind, cradling the baby with his large hands.  “Felicia…?” he murmured.
“Okay,” Felicia sighed heavily, “if CeeCee can keep it to herself, I guess I can, too.”
“It’s for the best,” CeeCee smiled ruefully.  “I’m beginning to think it’ll be hard enough to keep our children from hating each other.  I’d forgotten that girls have cooties and boys are just plain gross.”
“Drew and I will have one of each,” Felicia grinned.  “Good times…good times…”
“Where is your little princess?” CeeCee asked glancing around.  “She and Logan were adorable in the wedding.”
“She’s following Logan around like a little puppy dog while your cousins Samuel and Elizabeth try to keep them both out of trouble.”
“Now that’s a match I’ll fight with my last dying breath,” Jake said from behind Drew and Felicia, “My granddaughter and Stover’s son…” Jake shuddered.  “I don’t need anymore family ties to Stover than I already have.”
The group chuckled.
“Jake,” Allison reprimanded with mock severity, “behave yourself.”
“Yes dear,” Jake replied dutifully, making no attempt to disguise the wicked gleam in his eyes.
“Humph,” Allison snorted in disbelief before turning to Felicia.  “Would you let us take Cassidy home with us for the night?  Richard and Angelica have to leave tomorrow so I thought it would be nice if Cassidy could spend the night.”
“A whole night alone with my wife…?” Drew’s face lit up.  “How could I turn that down?”
“You’ll be the parents of two very soon,” Allison laughed, “and that’s when it really starts to get interesting.”
“Try three…” a voice offered drily from behind her, “and make two of them teenagers…although I suppose Samuel isn’t one now…”
“Richard,” Allison turned smiling, “we were just talking about you.”
“Yeah, well, if Wright was involved, it can’t be about anything good,” Richard’s lips twisted as he glanced over at Jake.
“Guilty as charged, Stover,” Jake assured him.
“You two behave yourselves,” Angelica admonished.  “Has Felicia agreed to our plan, Allison?”
“Felicia…?” Allison turned back to her, “is that okay with you?”
“I don’t think it’s my decision,” Felicia laughingly pointed towards her daughter.
As the group watched, Cassidy wrapped her arms around Logan’s neck and planted a wet child kiss on his ear…the only part close enough for her to reach.
“Somebody really needs to do something about those two,” Jake muttered.

~ * * ~

“That went well,” Mark laughed as he picked birdseed out of Ashley’s hair.  “Wonder where else we’ll find it?”
“It’ll be fun looking,” Ashley grinned.
“True…we could start now,” Mark traced his finger across the sweetheart neckline of Ashley’s strapless, fitted, antique-white wedding dress.
“Hands to yourself, mister,” Ashley warned slapping at his hand and smothering her laughter.  “This isn’t exactly what I’d call a private place.”
“It’s a limo with tinted windows,” Mark teased as he leaned forward and nipped at her lips.  “What more could you want?”
“A nice comfy bed with room service and more than the ten to fifteen minutes it will take us to get to the airport.”
“Oh, did I happen to mention, we’re not going to the airport?” Mark asked innocently as his lips trailed kisses down her long slender neck.
“Okay, that’s it…give…” Ashley shoved her hand in between his lips and her neck.  “Where are you taking me on our honeymoon?  I can’t stand the suspense.”
“It’s a surprise, but I can tell you one thing,” Mark said as he turned his attention to the hand blocking his path, sucking on the end of each of her fingers in turn, “we have plenty of time to make out in a limo because it’ll take us at least three hours to get there.” 
“Three hours…?” Ashley repeated.  “Where can we get in three hours?”
“Huh huh…not telling,” he grinned.  “Now about that birdseed…”
“Mark…please,” Ashley implored, “you know I’m not good with surprises.”
“Okay, fine,” Mark sighed in resignation as he sat back in his seat, “where do you take the girl who’s been literally everywhere?”
“Um…I don’t know,” Ashley admitted.  “That’s why I was so glad you were picking the place.”
“You’ve seen most of the world…”
“But you haven’t,” Ashley pointed out, “and it’s your honeymoon, too.”
“Yes, but I don’t care where we go, as long as I’m with you,” Mark reasoned.  “The honeymoon is always more important to the woman than the man.”
“Maybe for most couples, but we aren’t most couples.”
“My thoughts exactly…”
“So…?”
“So, if you had your choice of anywhere in the world for us to be alone together where you would feel the most comfortable and be able to relax and enjoy yourself…where would you actually want to go?”
“Honestly…?”
“Always.”
“You won’t be angry with me…?”
“Never.”
“Okay then,” Ashley took a deep breath and blurted out, “home.”
“That’s what I thought,” Mark grinned in satisfaction.  “I’m glad I know you as well as I thought I did.”
“You’re saying we’re going back to one of our apartments?”
“Nope…we’re going home.”
“What exactly are you calling home…?”
“Your dream house…the one we planned to build someday.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve spent the last year building it for us, my love,” Mark said taking both of Ashley’s hands in his as he met her gaze.  “It is my wedding present to you.” 
“It’s done?” she asked in amazement.  “But how could you afford it?”
“I had a lot of help.  Jake and Mom bought us the land right after we returned from Switzerland as an early wedding gift, which helped a lot, Ricky and I spent time working on it whenever I could stand to be away from you, and I hired contract labor to do the rest.  Except for a bed and a few pieces of furniture that I already had, the house is empty and ready for you to decorate.”
Ashley was speechless.
“You aren’t upset, are you?” Mark asked anxiously.  “You still wanted to use the house-plan that we drew up together, right?”
Instead of answering, Ashley threw herself into his arms.
With a sigh of relief, Mark pulled her close.
“Let’s go home, my lovely wife.”

~ * * ~

“You’re married?” Manda repeated in shock.  “But…but…I didn’t get to be there…to see it…”
Ricky glanced anxiously at Mary’s suddenly white face before releasing her hand and pulling his mother into a firm embrace.
“Don’t make her feel badly,” he whispered in his mother’s ear then, feeling her stiffen, he added, “please…”
“Welcome to the family, my dear,” Bill put his arms around the obviously shaken girl and gave her a bear hug before releasing her.  “We were beginning to wonder if any woman would be able to coax Ricky out of his confirmed bachelorhood.”
“I never stood a chance,” Ricky grinned as he rejoined Mary, slinging an arm around her shoulders.  “Once I looked into her gorgeous golden eyes…I was a goner.”
“Uh…Ricky,” Bill frowned, “Mary has green eyes.”
“Not when I met her,” Ricky teased.	
“My eyes are actually hazel,” Mary spoke up for the first time.  “I don’t usually wear green but…I just thought…with it being Saint Patrick’s Day and all…” she trailed off.
“You look adorable in green,” Manda said decisively, shaking off her stupor.  “And I hope you’ll forgive my rudeness…I didn’t mean to…”
“No,” Mary stepped towards her, hand out to halt the apology, tears filling her eyes, “I’m sorry.  I didn’t stop to think about how selfish I was being.  Please don’t be upset with Ricky…it was all my fault and I’m so very sorry...”
Manda gently took Mary into her arms and held her for a moment.
“You dear, sweet child,” Manda murmured, “you did nothing wrong.”
Finally releasing Mary, Manda moved back and, taking Mary’s hand, held it out to Ricky.  Grinning from ear to ear, with dimples as deep as canyons, Ricky grabbed Mary’s hand and placed it against his heart.
“You two are the only ones in this marriage.  If that’s what you wanted to do then that’s all that matters,” Manda said firmly.  “As long as you’re both happy then the rest of us are happy for you.”
“And if Ricky steps out of line,” a deep voice said from behind Mary, “you just let me know and I’ll beat him to a bloody pulp for you.”
“And I’ll help,” Felicia offered generously from beside Drew.
“Gee thanks, bro…sis…”  
“Anytime, bro,” Drew grinned. “After all, what are big brothers for?” 
“I’ve always wondered that myself,” Denise said joining the group.  “Congratulations, Ricky.  You’re definitely getting more than you deserve.  I would congratulate you, Mary, but I’m pretty sure you’re going to need my condolences instead…marrying him.”
“Hey!” Ricky objected good-naturedly sliding his arm around Mary’s waist.  “See what I have to put up with, sweetheart?”
“Yes, I do,” Mary nodded agreeably, “and I’m looking forward to putting up with it, too.”
“You’ll fit right in, Mary,” Bill said with an approving smile.
“Yes, she will,” Ricky agreed, tenderly squeezing her waist.  “But enough of this…we have a honeymoon to get to.  Ready, oh wife of mine?”
“Absolutely, oh husband of mine.” 
Mary’s quietly contented smile lit up her entire face and left no one in any doubt exactly what had drawn Ricky to her…least of all Ricky.

~ * * ~

“I think we have everything back in its place,” Allison stood with hands on hips as she surveyed the room.  “Thanks everyone.”
Smiling at each and every person in the room, Allison’s heart overflowed with love.  Five years ago, she’d thought her life was over, but all of the people grinning back at her had shown her how wrong she was.
Although Allison had lost a lot of people along the way, she still had so much for which to be grateful.  Family meant everything to her, and her family had expanded to include so many others like the Barretts, the Stovers, the Hunters, the Akitas, and the Howells—even though the Akitas and the Howells had been unable to attend Mark’s wedding—over the past five years.
And Mark—her little boy all grown up and married off to the woman who had not only saved her life, but also the lives of the man she loved as well as her dog Buckshot—he was finally happy.  After the Laticia episode, Allison had worried that he’d been too scarred to ever let another woman close to him, but Al…Ashley…had broken down his walls just as he had hers.
Even though Allison knew that Ashley still had doubts about her own self-worth, with Mark’s help she was finally ready to start her new life as Mark’s wife, and Allison couldn’t have been more thrilled.
Little by little, the reception hall emptied out until all that remained were Allison and Jake, the Barretts having been the last to leave.
“Well, that’s everybody,” Allison sighed in relief.
“Drew didn’t mind Cassidy riding to the house with the Stovers?” Jake asked.
“He realized we weren’t going to be able to separate the two kids.”
“Shall we lock up and head home…?” Jake asked as he dug into his front pant pocket to fish out the keys.
Allison’s hand stopped him.
“Do you realize,” she began as she reached up to trace the scar on his cheek, locking eyes with him, “that you and I have scarcely had two minutes alone together for days…?”
“Exactly what I was thinking earlier,” Jake said pulling out the keys.  “Hold that thought.”
Swiftly moving towards the door, Jake secured the lock from the inside and then turned back to Allison.
As she watched him approach, she marveled anew at the depth of feeling between the two of them.  After her first husband’s death, she’d never dreamed she’d find anyone she could love as much as she had James, but Jake had changed all of that for her.
In the almost four years that they’d been married, Jake had become her best friend, her confidante, her lover, and her protector.  He, along with his dogs Lady and Buckshot, had, and always would, take care of her and she trusted Jake completely with everything.
Instead of waiting for him to reach her, she met him halfway.  Grasping his dark gray tie, she pulled his head down to her level and kissed him.
“I love you, Allison,” he murmured against her lips.
“Hmmm…I’ve missed this,” Allison admitted achingly as he traced a fiery trail of kisses from her mouth down the side of her neck to the base of her throat.  “How soon do you think I can kick our houseguests out tomorrow without appearing rude?”
Jake lifted his head and Allison could see the mischief dancing in his eyes.
“Who says we have to wait for that?” 
“You know what’s happened the last few nights,” Allison reminded him, “somebody always needs something…even at two o’clock in the morning…”
“When we arrive at the house, we always pull into the garage…correct…?”
“Yes,” Allison answered slowly, wondering what was on his mind.
“And at the back of the garage there are two different doors leading to two vastly different places…you follow me so far…?”
“I think I do,” she nodded thoughtfully, lips beginning to curve upwards.  “So we take the one to the right…”
“You’re a smart woman, Allison Wright.”
“Do you think they’ll wonder what happened to us when they hear the garage door go up but we don’t immediately appear?”
“Stover’s not a complete idiot…he’ll figure it out.”
“He’ll tease you about it.”
“Good,” Jake said in satisfaction, “that’ll give me an excuse to pulverize him.”
“I’d rather not have to visit you in prison, sweetheart,” Allison smiled indulgently.
“After three days of putting up with Stover, no court in the world would convict me…justifiable homicide…”
“Well, just in case, I think I should probably wear you out first so anything he says will just roll off your back.”
“Now that sounds like an offer I can’t refuse,” Jake said with a devilish glint in his eyes.
“Which is what I intended.”
“What say we start with this,” he said as he scooped her up into his arms, “and then see where that leads.”
“I love you, Jake,” Allison said softly as she cupped his cheek with her hand and gently caressed it, “now and forever.” 
“Forever just might be long enough.”

~ * * ~

“Where are we going, Ricky?”
“Right now we’re going to the airport.”
“Oh,” Mary said then asked, “Do you think we’ll see Mark and Ashley there?”
“Nope.”
“It’s possible…”
“Nope.”
“You know something,” Mary accused.  “Okay…give…”
“We won’t see them at the airport because they’re not going to the airport.”
“But they said…”
“Right now they’re in a limo headed back to the Dallas area.”
“That doesn’t sound like much of a honeymoon.”
“Believe me when I tell you, it won’t make any difference to them where they are…in fact, they’re probably getting it on right now in the limo.”
“Ricky!”
“Hey, you weren’t subjected to a whole year of wondering if it was safe to go into Ashley’s office or whether they were in there going at it hot and heavy,” Ricky grimaced.  “I mean, I understand it a lot better now—since I met you—but I personally wouldn’t have lasted that long.”
“Why did they wait so long to get married?”
“Mark never gave me any details, thank goodness, but I know they both had some issues they had to work through.”
“I remember Ashley saying something about a stepfather abusing her…”
“Makes sense…and that’s where the shrinks come into the story…Mark said they helped a lot.”
“Shrinks,” Mary shuddered.
“I hear ya,” Ricky chuckled.  “They give me the creeps with all their stares and analyzing and psychobabble…”
“So will they get a hotel room or just go home?”
“Actually, I spent a lot of time this last year helping Mark build Ashley’s dream house, and he told me that he was sure she’d rather go there than anywhere.”
“Really…?” Mary asked in surprise.  “Why?”
“Well, they spent a year abroad before moving to Texas so…where do you go from there?”
“But I thought…you implied that they didn’t…that they weren’t…”
“They haven’t had sex,” Ricky grinned, “if that’s what you’re too embarrassed to say.  At least,” he glanced at his watch, “they’ve been in the limo for almost an hour so they probably have by now.”
“You’re terrible,” Mary smiled.
“And you love me anyway.”
“Yes, I do,” Mary sighed and leaned her head on Ricky’s shoulder.  “So, now that you’ve done a great job of sidetracking me…where exactly are you taking me for our honeymoon?”
“Aw…you know me so well,” Ricky laughed.  “What would you think to spending some time on a horse?”
“A horse…?” Mary’s head popped up in shock.  
“You know the animal I’m talking about…those tall graceful creatures with four legs and a tail…the ones that neigh and whinny and eat hay…”
“I know what a horse is.  Where exactly would this horse be located?”
“Well, when I read your books, I noticed that you used Yellowstone National Park in one of them so I thought you might want to see it in real life instead of just through the internet.”
“Really!” Mary exclaimed.  “We’re going to Yellowstone…?”
“That’s one of the stops…but just so you know…I’m not camping.  I’ve reserved us a very nice room at one of the hotels near there.  We’re just gonna do a little sight-seeing…some of it from the back of a horse.”
“I thought, being a country boy, you’d be all about the camping,” Mary teased.
“And I would be, except not on my honeymoon.  I want hot showers and nice comfortable beds when I make love to you.”
Although Mary’s cheeks were a becoming shade of pink, she didn’t let that keep her from digging for more information.
“You said that was just one of the stops…where else are we going?”
“I made some calls and found out who bought our ranch in South Dakota and the people there agreed to rent us a couple of horses so I could show you some of my favorite places from when I was a kid.”
“That sounds like so much fun,” Mary squealed.  
“Wow,” Ricky said glancing sideways at the adorable woman next to him, “that’s a sound I never thought I’d hear coming out of your mouth.”
“I’m just excited.  Don’t you want me to be excited?”
“Darling, if that’s your excited sound, I can’t wait to ramp you up to pure ecstasy.”
In spite of the deep red coloring in her cheeks, Mary lifted her chin and asked, “And you think you’re up to the challenge?”
“Hunnybuns, I’ve been gearing up my whole life for this challenge,” Ricky retorted playfully before adding in a completely serious voice, “but mostly I’ve been waiting my whole life for you…I just didn’t know it.”
Placing her head on Ricky’s shoulder once more, Mary sighed contentedly.
“I love you, Ricky.”
“I love you, sweetheart,” Ricky said reaching down and taking her hand in his, gently squeezing it, “And tonight I plan to show you just how much.”

The End

Be sure and check out the rest of the Dear Diary…Series plus L. M. Reed’s other series!
Go to www.lmreed.webs.com for more info or visit L. M. Reed on Facebook for updates.

