



JUST LOVE ME BOOK 1

By

C.C. CARTWRIGHT

COPYRIGHT

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is entirely coincidental. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Copyright © 2016 by C. C. Cartwright
Cover Design: Najla Qamber Designs




TABLE OF CONTENTS
JUST LOVE ME BOOK 1
COPYRIGHT
FOREWARD
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
EPILOGUE



FOREWARD

Click Here to Subscribe to my Newsletter. Receive email notices about new book releases, sales, and special giveaways.
New subscribers receive 3 FREE ebooks as a special gift. 



Justin
I’m God’s gift to women. What can I say?
When I’m out and about, I catch the ladies checking out the goods.
I’m at the beach today, and my sister has her posse of friends with her.
One, in particular, is beyond beautiful, with a killer body to match.
"Justin, don’t you remember me?” she asks in the most sensual voice 
I’ve heard in a long, long time.
"Sloane Hart, is that you?” I utter in disbelief. It’s my little sister’s best friend, 
all grown up and filled out in all the right places.
Needless to say, I don’t waste a minute getting her alone.
After I take her out to dinner, I get her back to my place for a little slap and tickle session.
Things get hot and heavy and we’re just about to do the dirty deed 
when I sense something isn’t right. She’s tense.
“Can you go slow and easy?” she asks timidly.
She’s a virgin?
I don’t mess with virgins anymore, not since high school.
Next. I’m moving on. I don’t want Sloane, dear Sloane, getting stuck on me.
After a couple of months, I’m usually done and over it. I tell her I’m doing her a favor.
The problem is that I can’t stop thinking about her. When I see other guys hitting on her, it makes my blood boil.
This can’t continue. Sloane Hart is getting under my skin.
Sloane
I was invisible to him.
Justin Harlow is my best friend's brother, 
and I’ve been in love with him for as long as I can remember.
Fast forward ten years later, and I’m at the Harlow family's beach party.
Justin has one killer set of abs and is devilishly handsome.
Mr. God’s gift to women notices me today.
The way his eyes rake over my body from head to toe tells me he wants me.
He says I’ve grown up and filled out in all the right places.
He’s dangerous for my heart and my body.
I know I’m in trouble.




CHAPTER ONE

Justin
I’m enjoying a day at the beach when my sister, Kylie, shows up with her little posse of girlfriends. None of them are much to look at except for one, and she looks vaguely familiar.
I admire her from a distance for a good part of the day. As I play volleyball with my buddies, she comes and watches. Of course, I put on a show for her. You see, I’m God’s gift to women. I have a hard, lean body, which I work hard at maintaining, and the chicks dig it. I see Kylie’s sexy friend looking in my direction. 
We take a break and decide to cool off in the waves. While my buddies and I are body surfing, I see Kylie’s enticing friend standing at the water’s edge in her teeny weeny bikini. I decide to venture onto shore and approach her as I walk out of the water.
“Hi, Justin, don’t you remember me?” I hear a very feminine voice greet me as I walk up to her. 
“Wait a minute—is that you, Sloane?” I finally realize who she is.
“Yes, don’t you recognize me?” She shoves me teasingly with her soft hands, making the skin on my wet chest sizzle.
“You’ve grown up,” I say, making no bones about eyeing her from head to toe. She actually blushes.
“So I’ve been told,” she says.
“How long has it been since I’ve laid eyes on you?” I eye her again.
“Too long,” she says in her seductive voice.
“What are you up to now?”
“I’m in my last year at Pepperdine,” she replies. So she’s still local for me, and my ears perk up . . . as well as other parts of my body.
“How about you?”
“I live and work in LA now,” I reply.
“Oh, that’s right. Kylie told me.”
The amount of sex appeal she packs in that petite frame of hers would have a guy hard in seconds. I’m already dying to get between those long, sexy legs of hers. I can tell she knows it by the way she moves and tilts her head and pierces me with those sultry, exotic eyes of hers. The way her lips move leaves me fantasizing about having them wrapped around me.
Her voice is the perfect combination of deep and throaty, yet it has a flirtatious lilt to it. Seriously, she could bottle it and sell it like an expensive perfume.
From eyeing her in her tiny bikini, which leaves little to the imagination, I peg her measurements to be 34-24-34. Pure perfection. She’s probably a C-cup, a large handful, which looks even larger on her svelte body. She catches me eyeing her like a dog eyes a bone. Yes, I want to consume her. But I have to approach this one just right. She definitely gets her share of attention and can pick and choose who she lets into her bed—that would be my guess. 
Judging by the way she sways those curvaceous hips of hers, she ain’t no virgin. She has probably heard every line that a guy on the make can throw her way. I need to think of my approach, although I have never had a problem getting what I want from the female persuasion.
As we continue to converse, I can tell that, on top of her enticing physical attributes, she’s also articulate and smart. I find this to add to her appeal, not take away from it. I’m not like most guys. I need a girl who’s smart and will challenge me to hold my interest. She’s still in school, studying business law at Pepperdine.
I just graduated and set myself in a cool bachelor pad overlooking the city in one of those high-rise condos in Downtown LA. I just started working at Goldman Sachs as an up-and-coming investment banker.
As our beach party winds down, I manage to score Sloane’s number and a date with her for next Saturday night. I will be counting the days until I can get my hands on that sinful body of hers.



CHAPTER TWO

Justin
I’ve taken Sloane out to dinner at one of my favorite restaurants, and we’ve been dancing in the hottest club in LA. And although I’ve enjoyed her company, we’re back at my place and I’m more than ready to enjoy that luscious body of hers. I’ve been fantasizing about sinking myself into it all week. 
Did you know that a guy thinks about sex, on average, about twenty times a day? There have been studies on it. It’s been proven, and I can vouch for that. I’m living proof of this theory.
Once I lure her into my bedroom, I move quickly, like a tiger does with its prey. I want to devour her. I’ve got her naked, and she’s splayed out on my bed with her long, silky hair falling across my pillow.
Now I’m perched right where I want to be, between her sinuous legs. I dive into her intoxicating scent. I roll my tongue over her sensitive bud, and she flinches up hard against my lips. I pull it into my mouth, and as I suck it in, my eyes watch her as she gasps and starts fisting my sheets. Her luscious tits arch up, and I can see her nipples peak. I continue my assault on her slick bud before I slide a finger into her. 
Damn, she’s tight as a virgin. 
She tenses. “Oh, Justin.” She moans, then opens her eyes and gazes down at me in surprise.
“Relax and enjoy,” I soothe. I’ve got her right where I want her, primed and ready for me. Soon, she’ll be begging for me. They all do.
I slowly crawl back up her curvaceous body, admiring the view before I settle my hips between her thighs. My steely shaft is ready and waiting to enter her slice of heaven. I take her lips in a scorching kiss that she deepens. She’s panting for me. I take my shaft and glide the tip along her slick folds.
“Justin.” She swallows as if she’s hesitant all of a sudden.
“What is it?” I ask.
“Can you go slow and easy?” she asks softly, her eyes searching mine.
“Sure,” I reply, a little caught off guard. I was just about ready to plunder her, but suddenly, something doesn’t seem right. I hear it in her voice, in her request.
“Sloane, this isn’t your first . . .” I stop mid-sentence as she starts to nod her head yes. 
Shit. 
I want to scream, “No way! How is this possible?” But I hold back. I only let out a loud sigh. I can’t do this now.
“Wow.” I sigh, rolling off her and onto my back as I stare at the ceiling, cursing my luck.
“Justin, we still can, you know . . .” She trails off. 
No, we can’t. I can’t be the one to take her V-card. Too much responsibility in that. She’ll get all clingy, and that’s the last thing I need right now. I know how I operate. Once I’ve had her, I’ll tire of her after a couple of months and move on. That’s how it’s always been, for as long as I can remember. I don’t want to do that to Sloane, especially if this is her first time. Man, hold it together. I need to think with my big head, not my little one.
Sloane rolls onto her side and teases me by dragging her fingertips down my chest and abs, and then she takes me in her warm, soft hand. 
“Come on, big boy. Let me finish you off. Show me the way,” she purrs.
“How is it possible that a girl that looks like you, with a body that moves like that, is still a virgin?” Her eyes cast down, and she looks embarrassed by my question.
“I just want to really feel for the person I give my virginity to. Is that such a crime?” she asks.
Hey, don’t get me wrong here. I’ve always had a soft spot for my little sister’s friend. I always thought she was cute and sweet. Heck, I knew she was crushing on me. Then she showed up that day at the beach party, and damn, she had grown up into one tantalizing woman, sexy-as-sin in her skimpy bikini, which left me rock hard. All the guys noticed her that day. I saw them eyeing her all afternoon. None dared approach her but me.
“Sloane, I can’t do this.”
“You can’t or you won’t?” she throws back, looking wounded.
“I have to think about it.” 
Who the hell just said that?
“Don’t think, just feel,” Sloane says seductively as she rolls on top of me, lifts off and starts kissing her way down my chest. 
My cock twitches, and I know I’m in trouble. 
I feel her long, black hair tickle my abs as she ventures down lower and lower, until I feel the heat of her breath moving along my shaft, teasing me slowly before she flicks it with feather-light, quick strokes up and down along its ridges. Just when I think I can’t take another minute of this torture, she takes me deep into her warm mouth.
“Ahhh,” I groan. She’s working me into a frenzy. I want to push her head down further onto me, but I manage to resist. It’s dear, sweet Sloane, after all. Now she moves back up my body and is straddling me, her face next to mine. 
“I want this. I want you,” she says as her warm breath caresses my ear. Her pert nipples graze my chest, and I desperately need to be inside her, rocking her world right now. But a voice of reason keeps me from diving off the deep end and into her.
“No, Sloane, I’m not what you want. I can’t give you what you want.” 
I try to talk some sense into both of us before we take the plunge.
“Oh, but I think you can,” she murmurs, her voice thick with want. 
No, I know she wants more than what this would be for me. 
I can’t let this happen. 
I would never want to be the one to break her heart, the virgin’s heart, I remind myself.
“Get off me, Sloane,” comes out of my mouth, and it sounds harsh, almost cruel. I didn’t mean for it to come out that way. 
She climbs off me and out of bed. 
She looks beyond hurt and a little pissed. 
She starts searching for her clothes.
“Take me home,” she barks out in an unrecognizable voice, and she won’t even look at me. 
I feel like such a chump, but trust me, she’ll be thanking me later. 
I drive her home in silence. What’s there to say? 
We pull up to her building, and she gets out without a word, slams the door, and doesn’t look back. 
Am I a fool to let that nice piece of ass walk away? 
Damn, she’s more than a piece of ass, and you know it. 
She’s Sloane, she’s special, and you know you’re not man enough for her. 
She needs to be treated right. 
I remind myself of this so that I will stay away from the temptation of Sloane Hart.


CHAPTER THREE

Sloane
Once Justin drops me off from the world’s most humiliating date in history, I get into my bedroom, throw myself onto my bed, and have a good cry.
I was so elated when Justin called and invited me out for dinner. This was going to be a real date with Justin, the boy turned Adonis, who I’ve had a crush on for as long as I can remember. Can you imagine how I felt inside? While getting ready for the date, I was giddy with excitement.
Things were going so well, we were getting along, and I was having the best time. Everything just felt so right. To me, anyway. Once he got me back to his place, we started fooling around, and he practically had me begging for it with his tongue alone. I was going to give him my virginity tonight. 
I was afraid to admit that I was indeed still a virgin. But I got so nervous when he was about to enter me that I couldn’t stop myself from saying something. When I did, his whole demeanor changed, and he threw it back in my face. What guy does that? 
Maybe I wasn’t sexy enough for him. Maybe my inexperience showed. I get up and stand in front of my full-length mirror and stare at my body, then I cup my breasts. They seem decent sized. What didn’t he like? I’m going to bed now. I can’t try and figure out what he likes and doesn’t like. All I know is he doesn’t want me, and it hurts. 
The next morning, I wake up, my eyes still swollen from last night’s crying fest—but it’s a new day. 
“How was your date with Justin?” my roommate, Emily, asks. Then she takes one look at me with my swollen eyes and says, “That good, huh?”
“Yeah, he didn’t want me,” I admit.
“How is that possible? Just look at you,” she says, trying to be nice.
All I can do is shrug. “Go figure. I give up. I’m throwing in the towel on this one.”
“It baffles me, honestly,” she says.
“Hey, it is what it is,” I say, pouring myself a mug of coffee.
“Man, if this is what happens to you with your beauty and body, there is no hope for me . . . ever,” she half-jokes.
“Stop it, Emily. You’re freaking adorable.”
“Yeah, yeah,” she replies with a wave of her hand.
“What makes it worse is that I have to see him again today. I promised Kylie I would come down for a barbeque this afternoon. I so hope he’s not there. I will feel so embarrassed and humiliated.”
“Sloane, you have nothing to feel embarrassed about. You go down there looking smoking hot—like you always do—and find some other guy to have a good time with. Do you hear me?” Emily says, trying to lift my spirits like the good friend that she is.

*****

Emily and I arrive at the Harlow house at the appointed hour. I brought Emily for moral support. I see Justin’s car parked in the driveway, and my heart sinks. 
“Come on, Sloane, you can do it,” Emily says to me as she sees me staring at Justin’s car.
“God, why does he have to be here?” I pout.
“Because it’s his house.” Emily states the obvious.
“Let’s head down to the beach. Kylie texted me and said that’s where they all are right now.”
There’s a good crowd this afternoon, the usual suspects and a few I don’t recognize. I find Kylie and give her a hug, and she greets Emily. I look around for Justin, and he’s playing volleyball with three other guys. 
“Come on, let’s go lay out and work on our tans,” Kylie says, and we follow her to her umbrella and beach chairs set up by the volleyball court. 
I take off my dress and adjust my string bikini so nothing is hanging out and everything is appropriately covered before I lie down on my towel—just as a ball lands right next to me, spraying my face with sand.
“Hey,” I object.
“Sorry about that,” a deep, masculine voice says apologetically. I look up into the most incredible blue eyes I have ever seen. Who is this?
“No worries,” I stammer out, and Kylie giggles at me. The guy trots off back to the court.
“Stop laughing, and WHO is that?” I don’t hesitate to ask. 
Maybe Emily was right in that I should find someone new to have a good time with.
“Pretty hot, isn’t he? He’s a friend of Justin’s from work. His name is Connor Love,” Kylie replies with a straight face.
“You’re joking about his name, right?” I say, half-laughing.
“No, seriously, that’s his name. Kind of funny, isn’t it? But from the looks of him, I bet he could dish out some serious love,” Kylie teases. She’s right on that one. “I see him looking at you.”
“Stop it, he is not.” 
If he is, then I welcome the attention. 
I definitely need the ego boost after last night’s debacle. 
I’ll die if Justin tells his buddies how undesirable I am and that I’m still the dreaded virgin. 
As the sun goes down, Andre, the Harlows’ personal chef, starts getting the fire burning. We gather around the picnic tables by the fire pit. I put my dress back on and a sweater, as it’s starting to get a little chilly. I catch myself stealing glances at Justin. I eye his chest and his delicious abs, in particular, remembering kissing his smooth skin and the way his tongue felt down there. Stop it, Sloane. He doesn’t want you. Get over it.
“Hi, I’m Connor,” Mr. Blue Eyes says, coming up alongside me with all the confidence in the world.
“Hi, Connor, I’m Sloane,” I say in a friendly tone, even though he makes me a bit nervous.
“So, you’re friends with Kylie?” he asks.
“Yeah, we’ve been friends forever,” I reply. “How long have you been friends with Justin? I haven’t ever seen you at one of their parties before.”
“We met at Goldman Sachs. We started together. Do you want to take a walk before dinner?”
“Sure,” I agree, and we break away from the group. Then, suddenly, Justin is in our faces.
“Where are you two going?” he says almost confrontationally.
“Hey, man, just for a walk before dinner. Is that a crime?” Connor says, not backing down. 
“Don’t be gone long. Dinner is almost ready,” Justin huffs out and lets us by.
“What’s his problem?” I ask Connor as we walk away from the group. 
“He seems oddly possessive of you. Do you know why?”
“I have no idea. We’ve known each other forever. Maybe it’s a big brother protective thing going on,” I say, trying to play off that angle. That must be what it is, because I know he can’t possibly be jealous. You only get jealous when you want that person, and I know for a fact that he doesn’t want me. 
I learn that Connor went to Cornell and just moved out here to start with Goldman Sachs as an investment banker. Looks and brains. I like that combination. He sounds like he’s doing well. We head back and join the group. I’m famished by now. We fill our plates, and Connor sits with us girls. 
I barely look at Justin, although I sense he is nearby and staring at us. After dinner, I’m in the mood for s’mores, my absolute favorite dessert.
“Come on, Sloane, let’s roast the marshmallows for our s’mores.” These are the first words Justin has spoken directly to me since I’ve been here. I’m pissed with him. I don’t even respond. He hands me two marshmallows and the skewer. “Come on,” he coaxes again, and I can’t be rude, so I get up and follow him.
We sit down next to each other companionably, even though I’m feeling anything but companionable toward the man who rejected me last night.
“Look, Sloane, I’m sorry about last night,” he says softly.
I just continue to stare into the fire, refusing to look at him. The feeling of humiliation is washing through me again. I don’t want to talk about last night.
“I don’t want to talk about it. Forget it,” I clip out.
“You should be thanking me anyway,” he continues.
“Yeah, whatever.”
“I’m saving you from heartache,” Mr. Egomaniac goes on.
“Yeah, I know. You’re God’s gift to women. Thanks for saving me from you,” I say, full of sarcasm that I didn’t know I had in me.
“That’s not what I mean,” he says defensively.
“Look, I get it. You don’t find me desirable. That’s fine, but must you rub my face in it?” 
Why am I even engaging in this conversation?
“Sloane, you don’t get it.” He stews.
“Enlighten me, then.”
“Not here, not now,” he replies.
“Whatever. Be cryptic then.” 
My marshmallows are done, and I stand up to go and find the chocolate and graham crackers. He follows me. I just can’t shake him. Once we put our s’mores together, he says, “Come walk with me.”
“No.” I refuse to be humiliated and ridiculed yet again by him and his words of explanation as to why he finds me undesirable and not good enough to sleep with.
“Sloane, don’t be like that. I want to explain where I’m coming from, and you will thank me. I promise.”
“Justin, don’t bother making any promises to me. Just don’t bother with me at all anymore. Deal? All you do is make me feel bad about myself,” I say, looking down at the sand while I’m trying to enjoy my s’more. 
He takes my hand in his and starts pulling me toward the ocean. I don’t want to make a scene, so I go along grudgingly. We walk along in silence, eating our s’mores. I calm down a bit and think how nice this feels for a brief moment, knowing this will never be real. He’s about to explain to me why he doesn’t want me. Once we get out of view of the party, he stops. I keep my eyes cast down, watching the water as it rolls in and out to sea. I wish I could roll out to sea, rather than having to be here and listen to what Justin has to say to me.
“Sloane, look at me,” he says.
I swallow and let my eyes meet his. I’m still crushing on him in spite of what happened last night, in spite of the rejection.
“Look, all I know is that once I sleep with a girl, it never lasts much past a couple of months. That’s just how I’m wired. I realized once you told me you had never let any guy have you that I knew you deserved way better than I could give you. So I’m saving you for the right guy. Does that make any sense?”
I stand and stare at him, pondering his words. Even if it’s just a couple of months, I’ll take it, but I don’t dare say it out loud. I still want him. What hot-blooded female wouldn’t? Look at the guy.
“I guess I knew you don’t really do long-term relationships. Maybe I’m not looking for long-term.” 
Did I just say that?
“Trust me, Sloane, you don’t want me and what I have to offer.”
“Maybe I do.” Shut the hell up, Sloane. Stop begging. Walk away now. “Forget I said that. Let’s just—” I stammer.
His lips are on mine, taking a kiss from me, and I surrender into it, hating myself for it.
“Damn it, Sloane, you’re irresistible, and I realize that I don’t want anyone else near you.”
“Really? You sure were able to resist me last night. You wanted me off you, if I recall correctly.” His words still sting. Why am I still standing here, letting him heat me up yet again and tease me just to push me away?
You’re a first-class fool, Sloane Hart. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Walk, girl. Start walking away. I turn to leave, and he grabs me by both arms and pulls me in for another hard and desperate kiss. My lips part for him and that talented tongue of his. I want his tongue on my most intimate places again. I break away and wipe his kiss off my lips with the back of my hand.
“Stop. I won’t be a fool again, Justin. Just leave me alone. Stop teasing me. You don’t really want me,” I spit out at him. 
He grabs my hand and presses it to the steel pipe in his shorts.
“Does this feel like a man who doesn’t really want you?” 
God, I have the sudden urge to drop to my knees this minute and suck him in. He’s turning me on and making me so wet between my legs. The temptation is unbearable. He knows exactly what he’s doing. But I let out a wicked laugh.
“What’s so funny?” he asks, letting me pull my hand away.
“Any guy can get hard from a kiss. Look, let’s go with your first instinct, Justin, and that was for me to ‘get off you’. Let’s leave it at that, shall we? Go find some other girl to relieve you tonight, because it won’t be me.” I stalk off, and this time, he doesn’t stop me. 
Boy, he was right to save me from him and all of his delicious heartache. We haven’t even slept together, just some fooling around, and my heart is already breaking. Imagine if I did give him my virginity. I would be an absolute mess when he was through with me. 
He’s right. I should be thanking him.

CHAPTER FOUR

Justin
Why does she have to look so smoking hot today in yet another barely there bikini that shows off all of her amazing attributes? 
When she showed up, all of my buddies’ jaws dropped and the volleyball game ceased for a few minutes—at least until she took off her beach cover-up. Then they were literally drooling out the sides of their mouths. 
My hands clenched into fists. 
Not a single one of these dogs had better try anything with Sloane. She is strictly off limits to any of these bad boys.
Then Connor goes and tosses the ball in her direction, making it land right by her. I’m sure he wanted to get an up close and personal view of her incredible curves.
Pisses me off.
“Hey, come on, Connor, knock it off. Let’s play,” I call out to him from the other side of the net.
“That’s exactly what I’m trying to do, bro,” Connor throws back at me with a knowing smile. 
Burns me.
“Ok, come on, then. Serve the damn ball,” I reply heatedly.
As the sun goes down, Andre starts the fire and gets dinner ready for us. 
I see Connor approach Sloane, and she starts flirting with him.
Why the hell is Connor making a play for her? I feel like screaming, “Back off!” to his face. 
When I see him try to get her alone, I have to try and stop them, but it’s to no avail. 
Then after dinner, it’s my turn to try and explain myself to her and get her alone. What am I doing? What do I want here? Last night, I thought I had decided she was off limits for me. I wasn’t going to go any further down that road once I found out she was a virgin. I’ve known Sloane for so long, since she was in her tween years. 
She has morphed into a beautiful and incredibly sexy woman. I literally can’t take my eyes off her, especially when she’s in a barely-there bikini. I imagine doing all kinds of things to her body made for sin. The ironic thing is that she has saved herself, for some reason beyond me. How can a body like that still have not experienced the pleasures of the flesh? It baffles me, quite frankly. 
Only this time, in the heat of the moment, what does she do?
She laughs at me while her hand is on my raging hard on. Do you know how it makes a guy feel when a girl laughs at him while she’s holding his manhood in her hand? Trust me, it’s not a good feeling. She took some of my manhood with her when she walked away from me tonight—I’ll tell you that much—but maybe I deserved it. 
Let her walk away for good, Justin. You’re saving that sweet girl from heartache. She’s becoming hard to resist, but I don’t want her hooking up with Connor. He’s worse than I am when it comes to women. He would chew her up and spit her out. 
I have to let the rise in my shorts go down before I walk back to where the group is gathered. When I do get back, Connor is hovering around Sloane with his phone out. I’ll be damned if he’s getting her phone number. 
“Hey, Connor, can I talk to you for a minute?”
“Excuse me, Sloane,” Connor says, trying to act like the gentleman he is not. 
“Sure,” she says back to him with a flirtatious smile.
“You can’t take her out,” I come right out and say to Connor once we’re out of earshot.
“Oh? And why not?” he says with a sly smile, and I just about want to punch that smile off his face. What reason on earth can I give him?
“Because I’m interested in her,” I blurt out.
“Really? You never said anything before.”
“I’m telling you now—she’s off limits to you.”
“Why don’t we let her decide? She gave me her phone number, which leads me to believe if I called her, she would go out with me,” Connor says.
“Look, Sloane is special. You can’t just use her for your pleasure and then cast her aside.”
“Oh? And what were you planning on doing with her?” 
Guilty as charged.
“That, my friend, is none of your business.”
“Alright, I’ll back off,” Connor agrees.
I glance over at Sloane, and she’s glaring at me. Connor says his goodbyes to everyone and walks off to his car. 
“How dare you? Did you just tell Connor not to call me?” Sloane breathes fire at me.
“He’s not right for you. I know that much,” I reply.
“You have some nerve, Justin. I can’t tell you how angry that makes me. First, you don’t want me, but you won’t let anyone else have me either,” she whispers. 
She looks like she’s on the verge of tears. 

CHAPTER FIVE

Justin
At the office this week, I have trouble concentrating. All I can think about is Sloane and how upset and hurt she was the night we parted ways at the beach. Knowing I was the jackass to cause her to feel that way has left me riddled with guilt. I want to make it up to her. I even followed her to her place that night, but the smart girl wouldn’t let me in. I guess I’m glad. We both know what would’ve happened.
Why the hell can’t I stop thinking about her and her sinful curves and the sensuous way she moaned when I was feasting on her? And damn, the way she sucked and licked had me almost going over the edge.
Stop it, Justin. Now you’ve got a tent in your trousers.
“Hey, lunch today?” It’s Connor, the last person I want to see today. I’ve been purposely avoiding him.
“Yeah, sure, give me a few and we can go.” I agree to have lunch with him, but first, I need to let my tent subside. I cuss to myself under my breath.
“How goes it?” Connor asks once we’re sitting down and eating lunch at the local sandwich place, which is within walking distance of our offices in Century City.
“You know you’re breaking the man code, right?” I ask.
“What?” Connor plays stupid.
“Sloane,” I say in reply.
“Oh yeah, Sloane,” he says, and he gets this silly grin on his face.
“What’s so funny?”
“She called me,” Connor replies. 
My fists clench under the table. 
“This morning, she called my office,” he says.
“Why?” 
Now I’m the one asking the stupid questions.
“Why do you think?”
“You aren’t taking her out, are you?” I ask, trying to keep my cool.
“I haven’t decided,” Connor replies, and I look away. 
I’m seething.
“Look, Justin, she makes it sound like she’s not dating anyone, so what’s the harm if I take her out?” he asks.
“I told you she’s special, and I’m interested in her.”
“That’s not what she intimated.”
“What did she say?” I ask.
“Well, when she hinted about getting together this weekend, I came out and asked her if anything was going on between you two. She gave me an emphatic no. She said there was absolutely nothing going on between you. She was basically giving me the green light.”
I sit there and look off into the distance, knowing there’s not a thing I can do about it. I know for a fact that Connor is fooling around with one of the assistants at the office. 
Get a grip, Justin. Find yourself a date this weekend to relieve the pressure that’s been building in your briefs all week.
“Yeah, whatever. Do what you like. But know I’m not happy about it. Like I said before, you’re breaking the man code.”
We finish our lunch in silence.
Once I get home from work tonight, I feel restless. I toss and turn all night. 
The mere thought of her giving herself to a guy like Connor is eating me up inside. It really should be me, but it can’t be me. I know myself. It won’t last, and Sloane deserves more than Connor or I can give her. 
I need to talk some sense into her. 
I’ll try one more time, in person.

CHAPTER SIX

Sloane
Justin has now made me determined to lose it to the next guy that comes along. No more saving myself for love. That’s a pipe dream. 
Justin made me feel like a freak of nature just because I’ve been saving myself. He made me feel like I wasn’t sexy enough for him or anyone else, for that matter. 
Just when my confidence was at an all-time low, his hunky friend was nice enough and seemed interested in taking me out. Maybe Connor could be my first. At this point, I don’t care if I’m in love or not, even though that’s how I always dreamed it would be. 
I wanted to be in love with the man I gave my first time to. 
Is that such a crime? 
Justin made me feel like it was, so forget it then. I’m on a mission now, and I choose Connor Love. He’s a hunk of hotness and seems ready and willing. If he listens to Justin and doesn’t call me by the end of the week, I’m calling him at work. It’s out of character for me, but thanks to Justin bruising my ego, I’ve become a girl on a mission to prove to myself that I’m desirable.

*****

I just got back from the hardest business law exam, and my brain hurts. Sometimes, I wonder why I chose law, as it doesn’t come easy to me, but I’ve always dreamed of being a lawyer, so I’m determined to achieve my dream.
I’m fixing myself some Kraft macaroni and cheese from the blue box when there’s a knock at my door. It startles me. Emily isn’t home, and it makes me uneasy. 
Who could that be? I wonder. I walk over to the door and peer out the peephole. Ugh, what’s he doing here?
“Justin, what are you doing here?” I ask rudely, one hand on the doorknob and one hand on my waist. 
He waltzes in right past me.
“Won’t you come in?” I say sarcastically and close the door behind me.
“I came to talk some sense into you.” 
He’s a little pissed and treating me like a child—like his little sister’s friend. 
I don’t have a bra on, and I catch him staring at my chest. My nipples harden under his heated gaze, and my breath picks up a notch. 
He’s the one I really want, not Connor. Justin fills my body with lust and desire just by the way he looks at me. He needs to leave. I notice him look away and shake his head.
“Justin, you need to leave,” I say with breathlessness to my voice. It’s all I can do to keep my hands to myself. 
Do you have any idea how long I have wanted this man? 
Stop it, Sloane. He doesn’t want you that way.
“Not until I say what I came to say. You can’t go out with Connor. He’s a total womanizer and player. He will eat you up and be done with you in no time. He never sticks around. It’s all a conquest thing for him. I’m warning you,” he says firmly.
“Did you tell him I was a . . .?” I huff out, letting him fill in the blank.
“No, of course not. I did tell him you were special, hoping he would stay away from you, but then he told me you called him.”
“I did.”
“Why?”
“Because I needed an ego boost, alright? You left me feeling like something was wrong with me, like I couldn’t get a man to sleep with me. Well, I intend to see if I can. No more sweet virgin for me,” I say defiantly. 
“And so you’re just going to give it to him—just like that?” he barks out with a snap of his fingers.
I don’t give him an answer as I walk into the kitchen to check on my pasta. “It’s none of your business what I chose to do, now is it?” I reply without looking at him as I stir the pot on the stove. 
He stares at me from the living room. 
“What are you eating, macaroni and cheese from a box?” he asks, picking up the box and looking at it in distaste.
“It’s all I had in the house and it’s good,” I reply in my own defense. “Not everyone has an unlimited budget.” I turn my steely gaze on him.
“Go get dressed, and put a bra on, for God’s sake. I’ll take you out for a proper dinner,” he says, turning alpha male on me.
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re bossy and demanding?” I ask, crossing my arms across my chest.
“Only my mother. Now get dressed before I reach over and squeeze your tantalizing attributes,” he teases as his eyes shift to my chest. 
I know I blush as my cheeks feel like they’re on fire. 
“We wouldn’t want that to happen, now would we?” I tease back, brushing past him, making my chest graze his arms. 
I head into my room with a grin across my face. He makes me so mad, but I still love him. Secretly, I wish he would follow me into my bedroom and take me right now.
I walk into my closet and look across my hanging clothes for something to wear. I settle on my latest go-to outfit, skinny Joe’s jeans, an orange sleeveless blouse and a textured white fabric moto-style jacket. I don’t think I will wear a bra . . . just to annoy him.
Running a brush through my hair, I then apply some makeup and finish my look off with some plum lip-gloss. I admire myself in the mirror, reminding myself that I’m sexy and can attract a man if I really want to. 
“I’m ready,” I announce, walking into the living room. Justin looks at home on my sofa, flipping through the latest issue of US magazine.
“You look nice.” He actually gives me a compliment. 
He takes me to this hip and trendy upscale pizza place in downtown Brentwood.
“How’s school going?” he asks over dinner.
“I had this killer business law exam today. My brain still hurts from it. I’m exhausted from studying late last night.”
“So your passion is law?”
“Yes, I’ve always dreamed of being a lawyer.”
“You were always the smart and driven one between you and my sister.”
“Kylie is the artsy one. I’ve always been the nerdy, brainy one,” I reply. 
“Sloane, my dear, you are far from nerdy.”
“Yeah, yeah, tell me more.”
“Seriously, you have it going on. Trust me on that one,” he says, eyeing me like a wolf.
“Spare me, okay?”
“Look, I’m sorry if I affected your confidence, but trust me on this one—you’re so scorching hot now. At the beach, in your bikini, didn’t you see all my friends drooling over you? They stopped playing volleyball the minute you walked up, and when you took your cover-up off, they were left speechless.”
“Justin, shut up. Now you’re going overboard. You’re so full of it.”
“I kid you not,” he says.
I tuck my hair behind my ear, and my face heats up from his words. He’s just saying that to try and make up for rebuffing me the other night. He looks so good, sitting across from me relaxed and being his usual, charming self. I wish we could work out, but he’s fighting it. Who am I to beg him? I will never beg.
We reminisce about when we were younger and the silly things we used to do. I used to always try and get his attention during those awkward preteen years. I cringe inside when I think about how dorky I was back them.
“So, you’re not going out with Connor this weekend, right?”
“I can’t make you any promises.”
“Go out with me instead.”
“No, thank you.”
“Why not?”
“Been there, done that. You had your chance.”
His eyes penetrate mine from across the table.
“Sloane, I’m warning you to stay away from Connor.”
“I’ll do as I please.”
“Do I have to put you over my knee and spank you?”
“Now that sounds tempting,” I tease seductively, dragging my tongue across my lips as Justin watches my tongue. I see him swallow hard.
“Let’s go,” he says gruffly.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Justin
When I got to Sloane’s apartment tonight and she answered the door braless, I just about died. I wanted to ravage her right then and there. It was all I could do to resist the temptation that is Sloane Hart. 
She was stubborn and wouldn’t listen to reason. She still wants to go out with Connor, and I was so desperate to stop her that I asked her out. She turned me down. She said I’d had my chance, and she was right on that one. 
Why am I such a jerk around her? Why have I become so fucking possessive of her? What’s up with that? I suppose it’s because I’ve known her for so long and she’s Kylie’s friend. A little bit of a big brother thing going on . . . that’s it, right? 
Stop fooling yourself, Justin. You don’t like her like a big brother, and you know it, as evidenced by your freaking hard on every time she’s near. Yet, I left her feeling undesirable, and she is anything but undesirable. 
I’m pissed at myself, because now I’m the reason she has become determined to give it up to the next guy who comes along. I won’t let that happen, but honestly, how can I stop it, as hard as I might try? All I’m doing is banging my head against the wall.
“Hey, Kylie,” I say after she picks up her phone.
“Hey, Justin. Why are you calling? You never call me,” Kylie says in greeting.
“Can’t a big brother call to check on how his little sister is doing?” I reply.
“Cut to the chase—what’s up?” 
“Alright, how’s your friend, Sloane, doing?” I dare to ask.
“Fine, why?” 
“Oh, no reason. Is she going out with my friend, Connor, this weekend?”
“I don’t know. She did say she was going to call him if he didn’t call her. That’s so out of character for her, to chase after a guy. Usually, they’re the one’s doing the chasing. Chasing after her. Why do you care?” Kylie asks, full of sass for me.
“No reason,” I reply.
“Bullshit. Are you interested in her after all these years? She used to have the biggest crush on you. You knew that, right?”
The operative words there are used to. “Yeah, I had a feeling. She looks pretty amazing now, I must admit.”
“Hey, Justin, leave her alone. I’m warning you, I don’t want you hurting her. She’s still pretty innocent, one of those girls who’s saving herself for what she deems to be true love. She’s really picky about the guys she’ll give the time of day to, so you’d better watch it.”
“Yeah, I figured as much.”
“Don’t you dare go there with her,” Kylie scolds. 
I know she’s right on all counts. I need to go and take a cold shower and peruse my phone app for a girl to keep me company this weekend.
Unfortunately, the only girl I’m in the mood for is off-limits. 
My fingers dial Sloane’s number.
“Go out with me on Saturday,” I ask Sloane, who is on the other end of the line.
“Who is this?” she asks.
“Justin.”
“Hmmm, maybe if you asked me rather than told me what to do, I would consider saying yes,” she replies, and I can hear the smile behind her voice.
“Would you like to go out with me on Saturday night?”
“What did you have in mind?” she asks, not making this easy for me. She may be a virgin, but she knows how to play the dating game and tease the hell out of me. She’s making me work for it now.
“Dinner, maybe hit a club afterward. If I recall correctly, you like to dance.”
“Yes, I love going to clubs any chance I get, which hasn’t been that often as of late.”
“So, is that a yes?”
“I suppose.”
“Don’t sound so enthusiastic,” I say in my deadpan voice. She laughs.
“Alright, Justin, I would love to go out with you on Saturday. What time are you picking me up?”
“How does six sound?”
“Perfect.”
“See you then.”
“Looking forward to it.” 
Damn, what am I getting myself into? 
Hopefully, I will be getting myself into Sloane Hart. 
All I know is I’m torturing myself and doing something I know is wrong—wrong for her and wrong for me—but I just can’t stop myself.

*****

“You can just drop me off,” Sloane says as I pull up in front of her building. Dinner and the club were a good time, but now I’m going to get what I came for, the whole reason I wined and dined her.
“No, a true gentleman walks his date to the door,” I say, pulling up along the curb, where I kill the engine and open my door.
“A true gentleman takes what he’s offered,” she says with a hint of sarcasm. 
Ouch, that hit below the belt.
“And besides, this is not a date,” Sloane comments.
“How do you know? What makes you say it isn’t?” I ask.
“Trust me. I know you’re no longer interested in me, so this is not a date. You don’t have to worry. I won’t be crushing on you anymore. I got your message loud and clear last weekend.”
As I follow her up the stairs to her apartment, she looks enticing in her skintight short skirt, which clings to her every sinful curve. She wore it for my benefit, no doubt, to tease the hell out of me. The way she sways her hips has me hypnotized. Once we stop outside her front door, it gets awkward. 
“Well, goodnight, Justin. Thanks for dinner,” she says softly.
I go in for a kiss, almost out of habit.
She backs off a little, not letting our lips make contact.
“What are you doing?” she asks.
“Trying to kiss you.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. Out of habit, I guess,” I reply, and instantly, I know I just put my foot in my mouth.
“Justin, you’re a player, aren’t you?” she asks.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean it the way it sounded.” Why am I such an idiot around her?
“You were right on the beach when you said I should be thanking you. Thank you for not taking me up on my offer last weekend. You knew best after all,” she says.
“To save you from me?” I ask.
“Yes.”
“Well, I changed my mind,” I reply, leaning into her and whispering in her ear. My lips brush against her neck. “Let me come in.” 
I can sense her body responding to me. I want inside after all.
“Maybe I’ve changed my mind now,” she says, not sounding very convincing.
“I’ll make it worth your while if you let me come in.” 
I press my lips against her neck, right below her ear, and then suck her earlobe into my mouth. She lets out a soft gasp. 
I know I’m making her wet. I want to venture up her skirt with my fingers and check for myself, but I know I need to go slow with this one.
“Justin, I can’t take your mixed signals.”
“Am I sending mixed signals now? I think you get my message, don’t you?” I say, pressing my body against hers as her back presses against her door. “Are you going to let me come in?”
Sloane closes her eyes, trying to refuse me.
But no girl ever refuses me.
My hand rests on her thigh, and I inch it up slowly until my palm reaches her bare cheek. She’s either wearing a thong or no panties at all.
“Justin,” she breathes out, and I know for a fact that she wants me. She looks up at me with her big brown eyes and I melt. She is so fucking gorgeous, and those lips of hers are parted, begging to be kissed. 
“What’s it going to be, Sloane? Are you going to let me in?” 
We both understand my double entendre.
“Are you sure you want in?” she asks way more suggestively than any virgin should.
“Yes,” I reply firmly.
“Sorry. Goodnight, Justin.” 
She turns and unlocks her door, walks into her apartment alone, and closes the door.
Shot down Harlow. 
When was the last time that ever happened? 
Sloane is a smart girl, not letting me in.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Sloane
“Hello?”
“Hi, Sloane.”
“Oh, hey, Kylie.”
“Do you want to come with my family to Carmel for Car Week?
“When is it?”
“In a couple of weeks, mid-August. We are going to head up on Wednesday, the fifteenth.”
“Sure, that sounds like a fun time.”
“My parents are renting a house in Carmel. We’ll have our own room.”
“Cool,” I reply, wondering if Justin is going, but I don’t dare ask Kylie. She has warned me off her brother time and time again. 
She knows he wouldn’t be good for me. 
“Justin is coming and bringing one of his hot friends,” Kylie says.
“Who, Connor?” I ask, although if he knows I’m going, I doubt he would bring Connor.
“No, his friend, Scott, from college. He’s definitely swoon-worthy, let me tell you.”
“I will have to see for myself.”
“Trust me on this one.” Kylie laughs.
“We’re going to ride up with my brother and Scott. We’ll swing by and pick you up that Wednesday morning.
“Okay, great,” I say, trying to sound enthusiastic. 
I have my reservations about being in a car with Justin for six hours and sharing a house with him for five days, but I don’t share that with Kylie.

*****

They come and pick me up on Wednesday morning, and when I get outside to the car, Justin is standing at the back of his car with the trunk open. 
Even though he has his mirrored aviator sunglasses on, I feel him eye me from head to toe. I’m wearing a short crop top and tight white denim shorts for him to feast his eyes on.
“Hey, beautiful,” Mr. Charming says in greeting.
“Hey, yourself,” I reply. I’m so tempted to give him a peck, but I think better of it. He takes my duffle bag from me and tosses it in the trunk. Being the gentleman that he is, he opens the car door for me to sit behind him and next to Kylie in the back seat.
“Hi, Sloane. This is Scott Morris, Justin’s friend from college,” Kylie says, greeting me and introducing me to Mr. Swoon-worthy. He’s pretty cute, in a boyish sort of way.
“Hi, Scott,” I say, and he returns the hello.
“I like what you have on. Is it new?” Kylie comments on my outfit.
“Thanks. Not really,” I reply as I sense Justin looking at me in the rearview mirror. 
I still want him, of course. I will always want him, but I realize the real Justin is unattainable. I have had a glimpse of some parts of him, but he seems unwilling to give himself fully to any girl. For some reason, he holds back. He has told me he doesn’t do long-term relationships and that he tires of girls quickly, so I can’t ever give my heart to him. For me, it’s a lot easier said then done. That’s why we won’t take it any further. We can’t.
Resisting the temptation that’s sitting in the driver’s seat and taking me to Carmel this weekend will be difficult. This will be a tough five days.
Kylie has no idea that Justin and I went out a couple of times. I would never hear the end of it if she knew. She is so against us ever being together. 
Our drive along the coast is breathtaking. We stop along the cliffs overlooking the water to take pictures like tourists. Kylie and I take selfies with the view behind us, and I can feel Justin taking me in as the wind whips through my hair. 
Likewise, I find myself admiring his delicious backside as we walk back to the car. Oh, how I want to grab his buns in his just-tight-enough jeans, but I don’t dare. Kylie walks ahead and is doing her best at flirting with Scott, and he looks like he’s enjoying it.
Justin and I hang back a few paces from them.
“Those are pretty short shorts you’ve got on, Miss Sloane,” he says huskily.
“I wore them for your benefit.” 
He takes me by surprise and wraps his arm around my waist. His hand lands across the bare skin under my crop top. He delicately lets his thumb skim my breast through my lacy bra. “Hey, Mr. Harlow, keep your hands to yourself.” I whisper so Kylie doesn’t overhear.
“This is going to be a tough five days,” he says close to my ear.
“My thoughts exactly. I should’ve never agreed to come.”
“I, for one, am glad you did,” he says with a smile that shows off his dimples.
We all get back in the car for another couple of hours up to Carmel. I drift off to sleep and dream of Justin. Long car rides always lull me to sleep. 
“Wake up, Sloane,” Kylie says as she gently rubs my arm.
We are driving up a long, winding driveway, and then the charming Carmel Highlands home they’re renting comes into view. The house is an enchanting old world stone home, and once you go through the front door, you immediately get swept away by the spectacular ocean view from the huge bay windows in the living room. It’s a private and secluded retreat. 
Kylie’s parents have already been here a couple of days.
“Hi, kids, how was the drive up?” Mrs. Harlow comes to greet us. Justin and Kylie have the nicest parents. I love them, and they treat me like a daughter.
“Sloane, dear, it’s good to see you.” Mrs. Harlow gives me a warm hug.
“Hi, Mrs. Harlow. This house is amazing. Something smells good,” I say.
“Dad is grilling some steaks, and I have scalloped potatoes baking. We thought you kids would be hungry.”
“Famished, Mom,” Justin answers for all of us.
“Come on, Sloane. Let’s put our stuff in what will be our room,” Kylie says.
“Yes, come on, girls. Let me show you to your room upstairs,” Mrs. Harlow says, and we follow her through the sprawling four-bedroom home.
Once we put our things down, we head out to the deck in the backyard and admire the awe-inspiring view of the Pacific Ocean.
“The view here is spectacular, Mr. Harlow,” I say as I walk up to Kylie’s dad, who is manning the grill.
“Hi, Sloane. Glad you could join us.”
We all sit down at the large table on the deck, and Mr. and Mrs. Harlow have a fabulous dinner prepared for us. Justin sits next to me, and I feel his presence throughout the entire meal. 
After dinner, we help clear the dishes. Kylie wants to watch a movie upstairs in the family room, and I see Scott follow her upstairs. 
“Let’s go back outside on the deck, Sloane,” Justin leans in and whispers to me before he walks away from me, expecting me to follow him. 
Mr. and Mrs. Harlow are busy in the kitchen and don’t seem to notice us slip outside again.
“God, Sloane, now that I’ve had a taste of you, I can’t stop thinking about you. I still want you. I crave you—your scent, your taste.”
Damn, he’s a naughty charmer, isn’t he? His words alone turn me on beyond belief. He pulls me into his hard body, then dips his head down and nuzzles his nose into my neck. 
“Your scent is intoxicating, Sloane. Don’t fight it anymore. I have to have you.”
“Oh, but I thought it wasn’t a good idea. I thought you never wanted to touch me again,” I taunt seductively. I want to bring the player to his knees. Make him beg for me. I love tantalizing him. I will never forget his “Get off me” comment. Payback time for how low he made me feel that night.
“Kylie will be looking for me. I need to get back inside.”
“No, stay out here with me a little longer. Let’s go in the Jacuzzi.”
“You can’t be serious. It’s too cold.”
“Oh, but I’m serious. I want to see your nipples get hard from the cold air blowing on them.”
“Don’t tempt me,” I reply, blushing from his comment.
“Why not? You tempt me all the time,” he says, trailing his fingertips along my arm and sending twinges to my girl parts below my waist. 
“Sloane!” I hear Kylie calling out for me.
“I’m going in now,” I say as I start to walk away.
Justin’s hand grabs my wrist. “I will have you,” he says with a look of determination.
“Is that a promise, Justin Harlow?” I reply through narrowed eyes. 
“Most definitely,” he replies, releasing my wrist.
“There you are. Let’s go to sleep. I’m tired,” Kylie says when I walk into the bonus room. She’s lounging on the couch and Scott is sitting close by.
We head to our room, and I catch a glimpse of Justin as he watches us walk down the hall to our room. 
“Isn’t Scott a dream?” Kylie gushes once we’re tucked in for the night.
“He’s not bad,” I reply. 
I only have eyes for Justin.
“He’s so nice and so funny. I love hanging out with him, but I’m afraid he only sees me as Justin’s little sister.” 
I know the feeling. For the longest time, I felt that Justin only saw me as his little sister’s friend.
“You need to vamp it up.”
“Look whose talking, virgin girl.”
“Hey, I still know how to be sexy . . . I think.”
“Yeah, you do. I’m just teasing you. Help me then. Let’s go shopping in town tomorrow,” Kylie says.
“Sounds like a plan.”
We are at the mercy of Justin driving us into town this morning, but he obliges us. 
Carmel by the Sea is the most charming seaside village. Many shops line the main street, Ocean Blvd.
“I love it up here. It’s so quaint, isn’t it?”
Kylie agrees as we roam into a shop that displays cute summer dresses and accessories in the storefront window. As we peruse the racks of clothing, I drape a few dresses over my arm and we head back into the dressing rooms. 
“Here, try these on,” I say, shoving a few dresses at Kylie.
“What do you think?” Kylie asks, pulling the curtain open so I can see her.
“I like that on you. It shows off your curves in a casual way. Get it in both colors, the turquoise and the red.”
“What do you think of this halter dress on me? Is it too much? I can’t wear a bra with it.”
“No, I like the black on you. It screams sexy and sophisticated.”
The sales girl talks us into some cute earrings to go with our dresses, and we waltz out with a shopping bag each.
“Did you buy the whole store?” Justin teases.
“Let’s have lunch somewhere in town. Let’s go to the Inn at Spanish Bay for lunch,” Kylie suggests.
“Lead the way. I’m getting hungry.”

CHAPTER NINE

Sloane
On Friday morning, we drive out to the Concourso Italiano at the nearby Laguna Seca Race Course. The Harlows are showing their Ferrari in this show. 
Kylie and I roam around and check out all of the sexy Ferraris lined up, row after row, on the large, grassy field. Some of the Ferraris have equally sexy owners. Kylie and I can’t help noticing them. We make our way back to the Harlows’ car, and they’re chatting with the Ferrari owner parked next to them.
“This is the hottest Italian guy I’ve seen all day, and that accent is to die for,” I whisper to Kylie.
“You can say that again,” she replies, and we hold back our giggles.
“Girls, this is Giovanni Mennuci. He brings one of his Ferraris every year.”
We exchange hellos and furtive glances with each other. The sex appeal oozing from this guy is hard to resist. 
“He keeps staring at you, Sloane,” Kylie says, nudging me.
“Stop it, he is not,” I say as he sidles up next to me.
“Sloane, which is your favorite car here?”
“That’s a tough one. All the Ferraris are super sexy,” I reply.
“Would you like to take a ride with me after the show?”
“I would love to,” I gush. 
I hear Justin clear his throat, trying to get my attention. When I look over at him, he’s wearing a scowl. Don’t tell me he’s jealous.
“Are you staying with the Harlows?”
“Yes, in a lovely home with an amazing ocean view. Carmel is such a charming place. Where are you staying?” I ask.
“The Inn at Spanish Bay.”
“Oh, we had lunch there yesterday.”
“What do you do, Sloane?” he asks in his throaty Italian accented voice that is oh-so-sexy.
“I’m in my last year of college.”
“Where do you attend University?” 
“Pepperdine; it’s in LA. What do you do?”
“I live in Milan and help run my family’s apparel business.”
“Does your family have a lot of exotic cars?”
“Yes, mostly Ferraris.”
“Hey, Sloane, come on. Let’s go walk around,” Justin says, rudely interrupting us. Giovanni glares at him, but Justin stands there and takes my hand. 
“Excuse me, Giovanni. I’ll be back later for that ride,” I say, turning my pretty girl smile on him.
Justin tugs my hand, and we start to walk away.
“Justin, you were being rude.”
“That guy is a total player, with his Ferrari and Italian accent. Don’t fall for him.”
“And you are no different, Mr. Harlow.” 
We continue to walk in silence, and I drop his hand.
“Why can’t a single girl have some fun? You’re putting a serious damper on my love life, and I’m getting tired of it.” 
Even though the only love life I would like to have going on is with him.
Justin pulls me behind one of the exhibition tents, away from the prying eyes of Kylie and the rest of the family. He takes my face in his hands and kisses me. My lips part for his searching tongue.
“Sloane, don’t you dare ride with him. I mean it,” he commands, pulling away from the kiss.
“Justin, you don’t own me. You haven’t staked any kind of claim on me, so I suggest you back off,” I say heatedly. 
I’m starting to get angry at his demands on me. Who does he think he is? Certainly not my boyfriend—he’s made it clear he would never want to be. He just wants something physical with me. I start to walk off, and he lets me.
Once I find Kylie, we decide to grab some lunch. Justin and Scott come and join us at our table. I refuse to look at Justin. What the hell am I going to do with him?
When he isn’t looking in my direction, I steal glances at him in his dress shirt with its sleeves rolled up, and I admire his toned and tan forearms. He looks devastatingly handsome in his aviator sunglasses, very cool and male model-like. He has some razor stubble going on, and his wavy, dark brown hair is always styled to perfection. 
“Sloane, did you hear me?” I finally hear Kylie talking to me.
“No, I’m sorry. What did you say?”
“Are you going for a ride with dreamy Giovanni?” she asks loudly enough so her brother overhears, and I know he’s looking at me through those mirrored glasses of his. Even though I can’t see his eyes clearly, I can sense them. 
“Yes, probably. If he asks me again.”
“Oh, believe me, he will.”
“Whatever,” I reply, shrugging my shoulders. 
“Bella, there you are. Are you ready for that ride?” Giovanni comes up to me at the table and asks. Kylie nudges me with her elbow.
“Yes, I would love to.”
“I’ll give you a ride back to where you’re staying.”
“Sounds divine. See you back at the house,” I say, turning toward Kylie.
“This is a beautiful car, Giovanni,” I gush once we get into his sporty yet luxurious Ferrari.
“Thank you, Bella. Not as beautiful as you,” he replies in his seductive Italian accent.
“I bet you say that to all the girls,” I tease, remembering what Justin said earlier about Giovanni being a player.
We roar out onto the highway, and I can feel the rev of the engine. It’s a complete turn on. I feel sexy in this car, especially with an Italian Stallion sitting next to me, giving me his undivided attention. This is just what I needed to feel desired again. Take that, Justin Harlow. 
I catch Giovanni eyeing my legs in my short dress. I have the sudden urge to kiss him. I want to let loose and be wild.
“Let’s drive along the coast,” he says.
“Sounds perfect. I have really fallen in love with Carmel. It’s so pretty here. I love being by the ocean.”
“I know. I feel the same way about this special place. My family has been coming for the past eight years.”
“How old are you?” I ask.
“Twenty-five. How about you, Sloane?”
“Twenty-one.”
“Come out with me tonight?” he asks, turning his head and glancing at me.
“I can’t leave my friend, Kylie.”
“Bring her along, and I will bring my cousin, Luca. You met him back at the car show.”
“Let me text Kylie.”
Sloane: Can we go to dinner tonight with Giovanni and his cousin, Luca?
Kylie: Yes, absolutely!
“Kylie said yes,” I say.
Once we get back to the house, Giovanni drops me off and promises to return in a couple of hours.
“Until tonight,” I say, and Giovanni leans over and gives me a peck on the cheek.
When I walk into the house, I immediately see Justin standing in the entry. He must have been waiting for me to return.
“Tell me you’re not seeing him again,” he says stoically with his jaw clenched.
“Yes, Kylie and I are going to dinner with him and his cousin.”
“You are so naïve, Sloane, to be taken in by that Italian playboy.”
“What do you care?”
“Unfortunately, I do care.”
“Whatever, Justin. Where’s Kylie?”
“Up in your room. The last time I saw her, clothes were strewn all over your room. Don’t stay out too late,” Justin cautions.
“Who are you, my warden?”
“Just be careful with that guy,” he warns.
“I’m a big girl and can take care of myself. Thanks for the warning though.” 
Justin looks none too happy.
“Kylie, what a mess you’ve made,” I say as I walk into our messy room.
“I can’t decide what to wear tonight.”
“I’m wearing this black halter dress we bought yesterday. What do you think?
“Va-va-voom. Are you going to wear a bra?”
“No, I can’t because of the halter style.”
“Giovanni will be all over you.”
“Maybe that’s what I want. I’m in the mood to let loose tonight,” I say with a devilish grin.
“Sloane, I’ve never seen you like this before.”
“I’m tired of being the good girl. It’s time I lost it and gave up on the idea of saving myself for love that may never come.”
“So you would do it with Giovanni?” Kylie asks in surprise.
“He sure gets me going. Don’t you think he’s sexy?”
“Most definitely. I wonder if his cousin is just as much of an Italian Stallion?” We both start laughing.
“What’s so funny?” nosy Justin asks, leaning in the doorway with his arms crossed.
“Girl talk, Justin. Get out of here. We’re changing,” Kylie says.
“Close the door next time,” he gripes as he eyes me from head to toe.
We go downstairs once Kylie and I are ready to go.
“You’re not wearing that, are you?” Justin asks, staring at my chest.
“Yes, I am. What’s wrong with it?”
“First of all, I can tell you’re not wearing a bra—that’s what’s wrong.”
“Leave me alone, Justin,” I say, brushing him off.
“I can’t,” Justin says with no elaboration. 
I hear the roar of Giovanni’s Ferrari pull up to the house.
“Bye, Mom. Bye, Dad,” Kylie calls out to her parents.
“Goodbye, girls. Have a good time,” Mrs. Harlow says, coming to the door.
“Good evening, Mrs. Harlow,” Giovanni says, standing at the front door. Justin hangs back in the foyer with that scowl on his face and his arms crossed.

CHAPTER TEN

Justin
I don’t like the way this Italian guy is looking at Sloane. He’s trying to impress her, and I don’t like it one bit. She’s receptive to his advances and agreed to go for a ride with him. It burns me up inside when I hear she is actually going out with him tonight. I’ve never felt this jealous or possessive about a girl before in my life. It feels strange and uncontrollable, and I try to be in control at all times. 
How can I stop her from going out with him? 
I find myself stalking them on their date. I’m pathetic, but I can’t stop myself. She dresses so provocatively in that dress that clings to her every curve. I can see her breasts sway as she walks, and it’s driving me crazy. I can only imagine how Giovanni will react to her.
Scott and I walk into the Gooding Automobile Auction and unexpectedly find them there. He has his arm around the back of her chair. I want to walk up to them, but I show some self-restraint, as hard as it is.
Then I spot them get up and start to leave, and Sloane won’t even meet my gaze. Luckily, Kylie tells me where they’re going. I decide to follow them to the Inn at Spanish Bay, as if there’s something I can do to stop him from making his move on her. The guy has international player written all over him. From the slick Italian good looks and the flashy car to that Italian accent, I can see why a guy like him would seduce Sloane. It makes me sick to my stomach.
Why can’t I just let her do her thing? Why am I so concerned about what she does or doesn’t do with other men? I need to get a grip on this jealous monster I’ve become. Let her go, man. Walk out of here. She’s a big girl.
I walk into the bar and find them sitting cozily together in a booth at the back, and I crash her party. She looks none too happy about it, but I don’t care. 
Once Scott and I take a seat with them, Giovanni and Sloane get up to leave the bar and go outside to the patio. The guy is going to make his move, and she’s going to let him. Panic washes over me. What can I possibly do to stop this? 
I find my feet walking and following them outside. Then, I stop and think better of it. I need to get out of here before I make a fool of myself by doing something stupid.
“Let’s go, Scott,” I say, walking back into the bar.
We leave and drive back to the house. She’d better not go to his room. I’m tormenting myself by imagining them together. I’m imagining the worst, and it’s eating me alive.
It’s not like we’re together, so why does it bother me? 
I fight my feelings for her every day. 
I want Sloane. I admit it. She should be mine, but I can’t do that to her. I know how I am, and I’m not a long-term relationship guy. Not looking for one, not that this Italian guy is either. He just has a weekend fling in his mind, and she seems willing. At least, that’s the signal she’s sending. She needs to be careful.
Kylie and Sloane come home after midnight. 
I hear them stumble in, giggling.
The next morning, I try and avoid her. I can’t even look at her. I’m pissed at her and at myself for being so possessive and letting her make me jealous and angry.
She finds me sitting out on the deck. 
“Hey,” she says, sitting next to me on the deck chair.
“Hey. Are you hung over this morning?” I ask.
“No, I didn’t have that much to drink last night. I wanted to keep my wits about me.”
“How did you like the auction?”
“Very fun and exciting. I can’t believe how much those cars sold for. It’s insane how much money some of these people have to just blow on a car!”
“How far did you let the Italian take it with you?” I need to know.
“It’s none of your business,” Sloane clips out.
“You know he’s just using you for a weekend fling, right?”
She looks down as if she is thinking about it and doesn’t say a word, which tells me she knows.
“Isn’t that what all guys do?” she asks, challenging me.
“What can I say?” She’s right on that one. I’m no better. “Are you seeing him again tonight?” I ask.
“I haven’t decided.”
“Come out with me tonight.”
She tilts her head to the side and gives me a look. “Justin, don’t do this again. First, you did it when Connor wanted to take me out, and you’re doing it again. Give it up, okay? I’m getting tired of it.”
“I can’t help myself. I don’t want anyone taking advantage of your innocence.”
“Yeah, anyone besides you?”
“Yes, precisely,” I say, giving her my drop dead wicked grin. 
I hope she’s considering going out with me tonight.
“Will you come out with me tonight?” I ask again.
“Are Kylie and Scott coming too?”
“Yes, it will look funny if we go out alone,” I reply.
Sloane looks out at the ocean and takes a deep breath.
“The air up here is so fresh. I love Carmel. It’s magical,” she says, not answering my question. 
Is she purposely prolonging my agony? She won’t agree to go out with me yet. I try and keep my cool and don’t press her for an answer. I’m just enjoying her company.
“Let’s take a walk down to the water,” I say, standing and offering her my hand. She looks up at me and hesitates for a moment before she takes it. 
I don’t know what’s happening between us. We walk in silence along the trail down to the water. The beaches up here have beautiful white sand for miles. We slip our sandals off and walk onto the sand toward the water.
“I have fallen in love with Carmel. It’s so beautiful up here along the coast. The people are so friendly and laid back, too,” Sloane says.
I look over at her and watch as the wind blows through her long, sexy brown hair the color of caramel. She doesn’t have an ounce of makeup on and she still looks naturally pretty. 
I want to steal another kiss from her. Why do I feel like a thief when I take a kiss from her? She makes me feel things I’ve never felt before. I usually take whatever I want from women, and they give it to me willingly. 
With Sloane, I find myself second-guessing my every move with her. I think too much before I act, which is so unlike me. 
“We’ve been coming up for Car Week for the past four years. I love it up here too,” I say.
“I love seeing all of the cool cars. Ferraris are the sexiest cars—in my humble opinion, that is,” Sloane says.
“You didn’t sleep with him, did you?” I blurt out.
“What do you think?”
“I hope not.”
“I don’t want to talk about my personal life with you.”
I want to protect her innocence. Don’t ask me why.
“Justin, what are we doing?”
“I have no idea,” I reply, looking out at the blue ocean. 
“You can’t run my love life, Justin,” she tells me. 
“I know, I know,” I reply, looking down at my feet in the sand.
I turn and look at her, and she stares right back at me. Her eyes search mine.
“I know I still want you, even though I wrestle with it every single day and night. When I see you with someone else, it drives me insane with jealousy.”
She raises her hand and strokes my cheek. “I wish you wouldn’t fight it. Why can’t you let something happen between us?”
“Sloane, you don’t know me. I’m not good at relationships.”
“I want to know you better, Justin,” Sloane says, and I watch the words roll off her lips. I move closer to her and hold her face in my hands. My lips take hers in a searing kiss. I’m finding it near impossible to resist this girl who has turned into one incredibly sensual woman. Her lips part, and her tongue coaxes me in. Damn. This girl may be a virgin, but she knows how to kiss. She’s driving me crazy with lust, judging by the rise in my jeans. I press my rigid manhood against her belly, pulling her in tight against my hardness.
“Justin,” she whispers softly. Her breath hitches, and I know she’s getting hot and bothered by this kiss. 
“Dammit, Sloane, you’re impossible to resist.”
“Don’t fight it anymore, Justin. Just let what happens happen. I want this. I want you,” she says, wrapping her hand around my stiffness through my jeans and giving it a light squeeze.
“Sloane, don’t. Not now, not here. Come to the bonus room tonight after Kylie falls asleep. No matter how late it is, I’ll wait for you.”
“I don’t know, Justin. What if someone catches us?”
“We’ll be quiet,” I say with a wicked look in my eyes as my lips brush hers. “Say you’ll come to me.”
“I can’t make any promises,” she murmurs with a twinkle in her eye that gives me hope.
“At least come out for dinner with me tonight.”
“Deal,” she agrees, and I breathe a sigh of relief that she’s not going out with the Italian playboy.
We arrive early and put our name in at the Mission Ranch Inn. It’s Clint Eastwood’s Ranch resort, and you can see sheep grazing. Something about this place is special. I wanted to show it to Sloane. We take a seat out on the patio and order drinks. 
“I love the cute sheep. Look, there’s only one black one,” Sloane says in excitement. She’s so adorable. This girl has gotten under my skin. There’s such a sensual innocence about her that I find refreshing, very different from the girls I usually spend time with. “They have the life here, with an incredible view of the ocean.”
“These sheep are the chosen few.”
“I’ll say. Have you ever seen Clint Eastwood here?” Sloane asks expectantly.
“Yes, once.”
“Wow, how cool.” 
Our drinks arrive, and we relax and joke around with my sister and Scott. Kylie is flirting with Scott any chance she can get, but she’s barking up the wrong tree. Scott would never go for my kid sister. He’s too smart for that. Besides, I would have to beat the crap out of him if he even touched my sister.
Our remote buzzer goes off, letting us know our table is ready. Once we’re led to our table, I pull out a chair for Sloane.
“Why, thank you,” she says as I get to watch her cute ass sit down in the chair. I notice Scott do the same thing for Kylie, and she lights up at the attention.
“I love it here. The view of the bluffs and the ocean are so serene and calming. So different from home.”
“This is one of my favorite places to come every time we come up to Carmel.”
“I can see why.” 
I wish Sloane and I were dining alone tonight. This is a romantic place. I’d love to stay in a suite here with Sloane. Where’s this all coming from? I find myself wanting to do special things with her, and we aren’t even together.

*****

The house is quiet, and I’m waiting impatiently.
All I can hear is my heart thumping loudly in my chest. 
The anticipation is making my heart race. 
I’m lying down on the sofa upstairs in the bonus room.
This is where I told Sloane to meet me as soon as my sister fell asleep.
I poured two glasses of wine for us and brought a blanket from my room to keep us warm in the event she shows up.
I stroke my hard on in my jeans. 
Damn, I hope she shows up to take care of my needs tonight.
I hear her walk into the room. She stops dead in her tracks, staring at me with apprehension.
“Come here,” I beckon her over to me.
She lies on top of me, and our lips lock together while my hands rake through her long hair.
She straddles me, rubbing against my steely shaft that is dying to come out and play—and find some relief. 
My hands reach to cup her breasts. She lets out a soft moan.
“God, I want you,” I whisper in her ear.
“You feel good pressed up against me,” she whispers back, gliding her sex against me. 
“I can make you feel a whole lot better,” I breathe as my hands guide her hips along my rigid shaft.
I maneuver her so now she’s on her back. I lift up her cropped t-shirt to expose her incredible breasts. I take her ripe, pink nipple into my mouth and hungrily suck on it and then torture the other bud. Her hands run through my hair and her hips swivel into me. She wants it. Her body wants me. I trail kisses down her soft, taut belly, and I can’t wait to taste the nectar between her legs again. It’s all I can think about. I tug at the waistband of her pajama bottoms, and she lifts her hips.
Mmm, her fragrance intoxicates me. I dive into her, lavishing her sensitive, swollen bud with my tongue. She tastes divinely sweet. 
She’s trying to suppress her moans of pleasure. We need to be careful that no one hears us in our throes of passion.
“Justin,” she whispers as I slide two fingers into her tight channel, slick from her wetness. 
I crawl back up toward her face and settle myself between her legs. 
I still have on my boxers. I want to take her right now, but think better of it. I want our first time together to be private, where we don’t have to worry about someone walking in on us. Her hands start to tug at my waistband, and it takes every ounce of resolve I have to not plunder into her.
“We’d better not—not here,” I whisper into the darkness.
Her breath is ragged and so is mine, but we have to stop.
“You’re right,” she agrees.
We pry ourselves apart and go to our separate rooms to try and catch a few hours of sleep.
I wake up before anyone else stirs this morning, and I’ve come to my senses.
I’ve got to stop trying to control her. I must stop caring what she does and with whom, because I know I can’t give her what she wants, what she deserves—a man who will love her, who will cherish her mind, her body and her soul. 
Hell, I know myself well enough to realize that I could only deliver in one of those areas, cherishing that sinful body of hers.
She walks into the kitchen this morning looking adorably rumpled in her pajamas, which hang loosely on her curves, but she’s still beautiful. My eyes catch a glimpse of the soft, smooth skin of her belly as her crop top rises. She runs a hand through her hair, and I wish it were my hand. 
I drop my head back down and continue to read my newspaper to distract myself from my lustful thoughts. I have to keep it in my pants. Only two more days of this torture of practically living together 24/7 under the same roof. The temptation of Sloane is driving me mad. It’s killing me. 
I toss and turn at night, knowing she’s just down the hall.
She toasts herself a bagel and pours herself a cup of coffee.
“Hey, Justin,” she says quietly, joining me at the breakfast table.
“Good morning,” I reply, not even looking up from my paper.
We sit in an awkward silence.
“Where is everyone?” she asks.
“Parents went for a walk. Scott is still sleeping.”
“Kylie is dead to the world, too.”
“Look, Sloane, I’m sorry about last night. I let the alcohol get the best of me. I’m sorry I came on to you so strong.”
“Oh, great. So you’re sorry yet again, sorry it happened?” she asks, and I can hear the hurt in her voice—the anger too. She’s clenching her fists.
“Yes. I need to control myself around you. I promise you as well as myself that I won’t let it happen again.”
“Hmmm, whatever you say, Justin,” she says as if she doesn’t believe me.
She finishes her breakfast and takes her plate to the sink. 
My eyes immediately watch her walk away, and I find myself admiring the shift of her hips and her being braless. Damn, she tempts me without even trying. Just two more days, I tell myself, just forty-eight more hours of blue ball torture.
Kylie and Sloane come downstairs, ready to go to the car show, and Sloane literally steals my breath away.
I can’t take my eyes off her.
She has on a dark purple sleeveless dress, snug against her curves. She looks gorgeously sophisticated with her long, thick, wavy hair framing her perfectly made up face. 
Her lips are a glossy plum color, and damn, do I want to kiss them.
Her skirt is short enough to show off her amazing pair of legs.
She catches me staring at her, and I quickly avert my gaze.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

Justin
We arrive at the Concourse D’Elegance, and Sloane is definitely turning heads today. 
It’s chilly and windy on the Pebble Beach Golf course, which sits right on the water. Rows upon rows of beautifully restored vintage cars are on display for as far as the eye can see. Each entrant is hoping to walk away with a prestigious award. 
I watch Sloane and Kylie wind their way through the throngs of people and the automobile exhibits.
The young and the old—no man is immune to Sloane’s subtle beauty.
“Son, Sloane has grown up into quite the young lady, hasn’t she?” my father asks.
We’re strolling together, admiring the stunning automobiles on display.
“Yes, she has,” I reply, clearing my throat.
“Tread lightly there, my boy. I’ve noticed the way you look at her now that she’s all grown up. She’s a sweet and well-poised young lady. Don’t you dare toy with her. I’m well aware of how you can be with the ladies, Justin. Keep it in your pants around her, understood?” my father says sternly.
I heed his warning with a slight nod of my head, but I can’t meet his eyes. 
Little does he know how desperately I’ve been struggling to do just that—keep it in my pants. My big head knows he’s right and agrees with him, but tell that to my little head.
I watch Sloane from a distance as she roams through the car show with my sister.
A handsome and wealthy looking gentleman approaches her. I see her tilt her head back and laugh. What’s he saying to her? He’s trying to pick her up. There’s no doubt about it. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Scott asks, coming up next to me. 
He follows my gaze.
“Oh, I see. You’re watching her. You’re like a stalker. You want her, don’t you?”
“Yeah, and I can’t have her.”
“Why not? She’s yours for the taking. She’s into you. I know you guys have been stealing moments together.”
“That has to stop.”
“Why deny yourself the pleasure?”
“Let’s just say it’s complicated and leave it at that.”
“She’s not the kind of girl you just mess around with. You do know that, right?”
“Yes, I am well aware, and my own father just reminded me as well,” I grumble.
“Here’s your problem, Justin. You want to have your cake and eat it too. A girl like Sloane needs to be treated right. Just like your sister, Kylie,” Scott says.
“What does my sister have to do with any of this?” I ask.
I stare at Scott, and his eyes cast down as he shuffles his feet.
“Wait a minute—you don’t like my sister, do you?”
“What if I said I did?” Scott says timidly.
“No. No. No way, man. You leave Kylie alone,” I growl.
“I know I should, and I will.”
“Promise,” I say firmly.
“Promise,” Scott sighs out, not sounding very convincing.
“We’re both in trouble, aren’t we, bro? We’re a sad pair, hung up on girls who we should never be with, period. End of story, right?” I ask Scott.
“Come on, let’s corral the girls and grab some lunch.”
BMW hosts a deck overlooking the vintage automobiles, and we were lucky enough to be their invited guests for a delicious lunch. We flow through the buffet line and then find a table along the railing. We have a great view for people watching.
“Are you having a good time?” I ask Sloane.
“Yes. This is such an over-the-top, lavish exhibit of insanely stunning cars. I especially love the vintage ones. Many are restored so beautifully. And the people watching is so much fun, too,” she says, giggling with my sister.
“It’s all very Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous,” I reply.
“Hey, look, there goes Jay Leno. He looks like such a nice man, and he’s so funny too,” Kylie says.
I notice her and Scott exchange glances.
What’s going on between them? I’ve been so wrapped up in my own obsession with Sloane that I haven’t noticed what’s been going on right under my nose between my sister and Scott.
“You’ll have to come with us every year now, Sloane,” Kylie says.
I groan inside at the thought. I look at Sloane and she looks in my direction, but I can’t tell if her eyes are on me or not. She’s got these dark celebrity sunglasses on. 
Damn, Justin, you have it bad for this girl. I shake my head slightly, trying to shake some sense into this brain of mine. Stop staring at her. I manage to glance away and just people watch as the three of them talk about the automobiles that impressed them the most.
“Justin, which car is your favorite?” Sloane asks, touching my hand softly to draw me into the conversation. 
Her touch goes straight below the belt, and something stirs—the little head, no doubt. 
I’m a pathetic and desperate man. 
Thank God we drive home tomorrow.

*****

Sloane sits behind me on the way home and I steal glances at her in the rearview mirror all the way home.
Eventually, she falls asleep. She looks like an angel, with a serene expression on her face. I could watch her sleep all day. 
I’m quiet most of the drive home, lost in my fantasies of Sloane and me together every which way possible—in bed at night, waking up with her, or just hanging out with her and hearing her laugh.
“Justin.” I finally hear Scott talking to me.
“What?” I reply.
“Did you hear a word I said?” he asks.
“No.”
“What’s up with you? Let’s stop and get something to eat.”
I pull off the freeway and go through In-N-Out’s drive through, just outside Santa Barbara.
After a couple of hours more on the road, we finally make it back into LA. I drop Sloane off last. Hoping for what, I don’t know exactly. I park my car in front of her building, and then I get out to help her get her stuff out of my trunk.
“Thanks, Justin,” she says, taking her duffle bag.
“Let me walk you in.” I make a last-ditch attempt at spending more time alone with her.
“No, it’s not necessary. I’m good. See ya,” she says and then turns on her heel and walks into her apartment building without even a glance back at me.

*****

It’s been a couple of weeks since our Carmel trip, and numerous times throughout the day, I’ve had to stop myself from calling or texting her. I’ve tried to cease all communication with the girl. 
But I have to admit, it’s been tough.
Take this past weekend, for example. I really should’ve taken some other girl out, a woman to satisfy my basic primal needs. I have several women who would’ve been more than happy to provide me with a night of pleasure. I should have, but I didn’t. I guess you could say I wasn’t in the mood.
I call my sister, Kylie, to find out what she’s up to—maybe find out what her and Sloane are up to. As far as I can tell, Kylie is hanging with her USC friends. She doesn’t mention Sloane, and I don’t want to give myself away and ask her directly.
I try to be subtle about it until Kylie flat out tells me, “In case you’re wondering what Sloane is up to, she’s been hanging out with her best guy friend from school.”
Oh yeah, I remember the smug bastard. I met him once at her apartment. He was acting like the good friend. Study partner, my ass. He wants her. She just doesn’t know it yet. The guy was a silver spoon, woosie boy on the make. I couldn’t stand him.
“Look, Justin, I know you have thing for her, and I already told you not to go there, didn’t I? Sloane is the sweetest, most pure person. Don’t you dare mess with her. Do you hear me?”
Like I would listen to my baby sister.
“Yeah, yeah. Where are you and your USC friends going tonight?” I ask.
“Some new hot club in Hollywood called Spin,” she replies.
“That place is a little wild. Be careful,” I warn her, as any good big brother would.
“Don’t be such a prude, Justin. Actually, Sloane said she and Bryce might meet us there.”
My ears and other parts of my body perk up at the sound of that, but I play it cool.
“Talk to you later, Sis.”
You know where I’m headed tonight.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Sloane
Justin Harlow is a walking, talking contradiction. 
It’s absolutely maddening.
I can’t keep my sanity for much longer.
Up in Carmel, one minute, he’s all over me. The next minute, he’s pushing me away, apologizing and promising never to let it happen again.
Honestly, I can’t take being around him another freaking minute. The week was a painful sort of torture. My heartstrings were being pulled in every direction.
I need to give up this idealized dream of us ever being anything together.
He’s just toying with you, Sloane.
And time and time again, you let him.
You’re one foolish and naïve girl to ever think he would ever be serious about you, ever want something real with you.
I’m such a dreamer.

*****

I haven’t heard a word or gotten a single text from Justin since we’ve been back from Carmel. I try to throw myself back into school, as that’s where my focus should be anyway. It’s a good thing he never contacted me. He would just be an unwanted distraction.
Unwanted? Yeah, right. I’ve never wanted anything more in my life than I’ve wanted Justin Harlow. I’ve pined after him for years. Who am I fooling?
Now that I’ve experienced his kisses, his sensual caresses all over my body and his talented tongue in my most intimate places, I crave him.
I just need to give myself to the next guy—someone, anyone—to erase Justin’s touch, which I can still feel on my body.
“Kylie texted me. They’re already inside, in a booth toward the back,” I tell Bryce. 
We just arrived at the latest hot club in Hollywood, called Spin, and we’re meeting up with Kylie and some of her friends.
Once we’re granted access, Bryce takes my hand as we weave through the dense and crowded club.
As we make our way past the bar, which is situated in the center of the room, someone pats my rear, and I quickly turn to see who the culprit is.
It’s none other than Justin Harlow. 
He looks angry once I see his eyes notice that Bryce and I are holding hands. Bet he thinks we’re a couple, and why should he care? We’re nothing to each other. He’s tried to make that perfectly clear on numerous occasions.
Good, I will let him think I’m with Bryce.
We find Kylie with her entourage of friends. I sit down next to her and start drinking from her Cosmo. I need to get hammered tonight and forget Justin Harlow even exists. 
“I’ll take a Cosmo,” I tell the waitress when she comes by our table. I really wanted to order two. Bryce is sitting next to me, and I lean in real close to him as he whispers something in my ear. I laugh at his joke.
Ohhh, those Cosmos are starting to kick in and I’m feeling good, like I don’t have a care in the world. 
Then I feel a tap on my shoulder.
I turn around in my inebriated state and see that it’s none other than the man I’ve been trying to avoid all night.
“Dance with me,” Justin commands, holding his hand out for me to take.
I look up at him and pause. 
Can I get away with ignoring him and pretending I didn’t hear him?
Probably not.
I place my small hand in his large hand and manage to get on my feet, but it’s a challenge between my stiletto heels and the three Cosmos I’ve had.
Justin pulls me to the darkest corner of the dance floor, away from the prying eyes of our group. 
At least it’s a song I love, Get Lucky, and I start dancing my heart out. Justin’s eyes scan my undulating hips, and I watch his eyes undress me. I tease him as I turn around and grind my ass on his crotch. I’m a bad girl, aren’t I? 
His hands go to my hips and pull me against his rigid cock.
How my body still wants him, his body, all of him.
I continue dancing and rubbing up against him. I have no shame tonight. It’s dark, and I’m horny and very tipsy.
It’s my turn to blame it on the alcohol.
What’s his excuse going to be? 
Because he always has one where I’m concerned.
“God Sloane, you are so fucking sexy. How can you possibly still be a virgin when you move like that? You won’t be for long,” he growls into my ear before he nips at my ear lobe.
Damn, that’s hot. 
“Feel what you do to me.” 
He presses his rock hard shaft against me. His hands skate over my body, heating me up in the darkness. One hand skims over a breast and squeezes lightly.
“I’m hot,” I gasp.
“You’re damn right,” Justin says.
“No, I’m really hot. I need some air,” I say, turning on my heel to go to the outside patio for some air. I’m suffocating.
Once I get to the patio, I realize Justin has stuck to me like glue.
“Justin, you promised me and yourself that you weren’t going to touch me again,” I practically slur out.
“So, are you with Bryce now?”
“With who?”
“Your friend, your ‘study partner’,” he says, using air quotes.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
The cool breeze sobers me up.
“Are you with him? Has he gotten into your panties?”
“How dare you ask me,” I cry, coming this close to slapping him across the face. I’m sick and tired of his accusations. “That’s none of your fucking business.”
Justin’s incensed by my words. His jaw clenches and his eyes burn into mine. I have to look away or be burned.
“God, Sloane, what is it about you that makes me want to make it my business?” he says, in a softer, questioning tone of voice.
“I don’t know why. Why don’t you tell me?” I ask.
“There you are, Sloane. I’ve been looking all over for you. I thought some thug kidnapped you,” Bryce says, glaring at Justin.
“I just came outside for some fresh air.”
The men stare each other down.
“Let’s go. I’m tired,” I tell Bryce. 
I almost see steam coming out of Justin’s ears.
“See you around, Justin,” I say, walking past him with Bryce following close behind me.
Bryce brings me home, and I make it into my bed alone tonight.
Justin: So are you with him?
Do I even bother replying to Justin’s text?
Sloane: NO. Goodnight.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Justin
“Will you have dinner with me on Saturday?” I ask Sloane nicely, once she answers her cell phone.
“Justin, we’ve been through all of this before. Let’s just be friends.”
“Have dinner with me.”
“You’re persistent, aren’t you?”
“You should know me by now. I always get what I want.”
“Are you saying you want me now?” she teases.
For someone who’s supposed to be so ‘innocent’, she sure knows how to play the game and do the mating dance.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m saying, but I want to show you on Saturday night.” 
I admit the cold, hard truth, and I’m met with silence on the other end of the line. I can almost hear her swallowing hard, panting for me.
“Hello? Sloane, are you there?”
“Yes.”
“So is that a yes to Saturday?”
“I have to think about it. I’m not sure we should do this. Maybe you were right all along, Justin. Let’s not start something that will just end in heartbreak for me, ok?” she asks. She’s right. She’s smart not to start something with me.
Why am I pushing for this now? Is it a conquest thing for me? Even I don’t know for sure. All I know is that I want her. She’s gotten under my skin and into my head. 
All I can think about is her. I can’t get her off my mind.
“Look, Sloane, I’ve been fighting this for a while now, ever since I saw you at our first party of the summer. Then spending the week together under the same roof in Carmel was almost unbearable. I want to try and give you what you deserve. Let me take you out on a proper date on Saturday, please?” 
Damn, I can’t believe I’m fucking begging. 
Not a good look, Harlow.
I’m met by silence on the other end.
“What’s it going to be, Sloane?”
“All right,” she replies softly, putting me out of my agony.
“Wish you sounded a little happier about the prospect of having dinner with me.”
“I feel it’s against my better judgment to agree to go out with you.”
“We’ll have a good time. I promise. I’ll pick you up at seven.”
“See you then. Goodnight, Justin.”
“Sweet dreams,” I say, wishing I were there to tuck her in tonight.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Sloane
What’s going on with Justin?
Just when I decide to stop pining for him, stop hoping we could ever have anything real together, he calls to tell me he has decided he does want me after all.
During our time together in Carmel, I felt like a human yo-yo. Back and forth with him. He’d reel me in and then push me away. I know he wants me physically—that much I’m sure of. The question is, for how long until he casts me away and moves on? 
Is it really worth a few stolen moments of passion, a few moments in his arms and in his bed, only to be left with a broken heart?
“Hey, Emily,” I say, walking out to the living room and joining her on the sofa. She’s watching The Voice.
“What’s up?” she asks.
“Justin just called and asked me to dinner on Saturday. He said he wants to try and give me what I deserve, whatever that means.”
“Hmm. I’m worried for you,” Emily says.
“I told him I didn’t think we should go there. All that would happen is a broken heart for me. I was boldly honest,” I admit.
“Yeah, I don’t know what to make of him and his intentions for you.”
“My thoughts exactly. He was rather persistent, and I finally agreed to go, but I must admit, I’m a little nervous about it all.”
“I don’t blame you one bit. So, I guess you’re going to follow your heart?” she asks.
“I guess I’ll just go with it, see where it takes us, and throw caution to the wind,” I sigh out in resignation. 
I feel like I will be walking into the lion’s den on Saturday. 
Justin Harlow will eat me up and may spit me out.

*****

I take my time getting ready for my date with Justin. I’m filled with nervous energy and anticipation. 
I start off with a long soak in the bathtub to quiet my nerves. The steam rising off the water feels nice against my face as I breathe it in, willing myself to relax.
Knowing Justin, we will be going someplace superb to dine, so I decide to wear a dress tonight. He seems like the savvy man about town who knows how to wine and dine the ladies, who he then takes back to his sleek bachelor pad to have his way with, no doubt.
Just thinking about it sends my pulse racing. I close my eyes and take a few calming breaths. Sloane, get ahold of yourself. It’s just Justin, the boy you’ve known for over a decade. The only thing is, now he’s a man—one God of a man—who wants the woman I’ve become, I think as I admire myself in the mirror. 
Who is this self-assured girl, with the long, wavy caramel colored hair, the just-made-up face and the sweet but sexy smile? It’s me, Sloane Hart, and tonight, I’m going out with the boy I’ve been in love with for almost a decade.
I’m in trouble, big time. I’m his for the taking, and he knows it.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Justin
I haven’t felt this much sexual tension, this much build up for a woman in I can’t remember how long. And I struggle to believe these feelings I have are for Sloane . . . Sloane Hart, the same awkward little girl who is Kylie’s best friend.
Sloane has morphed into one incredibly sexy and irresistible woman. Her sinful curves and the enticing way she carries herself leave me thinking of one thing and one thing only—burying myself inside her.
When I’m around her, I can’t think straight. I become an irrational fool around her. Whenever I replay that night in Carmel where I literally stalked her and her international Italian playboy, I cringe inside at my behavior that fateful evening. 
I can’t stand seeing her with someone else, but you knew that already.
I stop at the florist to buy her a bouquet of flowers. After our rocky start, I need to woo her, get her to welcome me with open arms.
I arrive at her apartment and park in front of her building. God, do I actually feel nervous? Grabbing the bouquet from the back seat, I head up the stairs two at a time. I need to approach this just right. I can’t blow it by making any sudden moves with her.
I knock on the door, and within two minutes, she opens her door and steals my breath away.
“Wow, Sloane, you look stunning tonight,” I compliment, eyeing her curves.
“Thank you, Justin. Won’t you come in?” She greets me pleasantly, as if she’s now looking forward to our date.

*****

We pull up in front of Giselle’s, and the valet opens Sloane’s door for her. I come around to her side and take her hand in mine as we walk into the restaurant.
The hostess seats us in a booth in the quieter room toward the back of the dimly lit restaurant.
“This place is nice. I’ve never been here before,” Sloane says, glancing around the room, her eyes twinkling. I’m happy to bring her someplace nice for dinner and show her the finer things in life. She deserves it.
“You look beautiful tonight,” I say, and I mean it. It’s not some line I’m giving her to get her in bed tonight.
“Why, thank you, Mr. Harlow,” she says. “Stop staring, please.” She giggles. “What do you recommend?” 
“Everything here is good. My favorite is their braised short ribs.”
“Mmm, that sounds good.”
“How’s school going?” I ask.
“All right. I’m really struggling in one of my law classes. Luckily, it comes easily to Bryce, so he’s been helping me study.”
“I bet he has.” I scoff, looking away. That guy wants her. I know it.
“Why do you dislike him? He’s really a good guy.”
“Yeah, whatever you say.”
Sloane just shakes her head at me.
“Did you tell Kylie we were going out tonight?”
“No.”
“Good, let’s keep this quiet for a while.”
“Oh, ok, I understand,” Sloane replies, but I don’t think she really does. She looks a little hurt, as if she thinks she’s my dirty little secret.
“Kylie and my Dad warned me not to take you out. They said you’re too innocent, too nice for the likes of a guy like me,” I admit to her. They’re right, I know . . . but I just can’t seem to resist Sloane’s temptation.
“I take it you’re not heeding their warning?”
“No one tells me what to do. You should know that about me by now.”
“Yes, I know what an alpha male personality you have. You always want to be in control.”
“So you noticed.”
“The way you try to control who I date? Yes, I noticed,” she huffs out, looking adorably angry.
“Well, that’s done with.”
“What do you mean?”
“You will only be dating me from now on. I plan on making you mine . . .tonight,” I say confidently, pinning her with my panty-melting smirk.
Sloane pulls her eyes away from my heated gaze, and she flushes. She’s turned on by my words. I can tell by the way she shifts in her seat. I’ve rendered her speechless for a moment.
“Sure of yourself, aren’t you?” she finally says, meeting my eyes again.
“Always.”
The waiter interrupts our exchange and tells us the daily specials, but Sloane takes my recommendation and orders the short ribs.
“You won’t be disappointed with your choice,” I say after we order.
“Are you talking about the ribs or about yourself?” she smiles wickedly.
“Both,” I banter back at her quick wit.
My eyes cast down, eyeing her delicious cleavage in her form-fitting dress. I can’t wait to sink my teeth into her tonight.
“Justin, my eyes are up here,” she says sassily.
I’m caught staring again.
“I know your mom taught you better manners than that,” she scolds.
“My apologies, sweetheart, but you look ravishing in that dress that leaves little to the imagination . . . and imagine I do.”
“How are your parents?” she asks, changing the subject off her hot little body.
“Good. They’re busy planning a trip to Europe.”
“That sounds like fun. I’m hoping to go to Europe right after I graduate. Kylie and I have talked about going together.”
“Oh, really? When were you thinking of going?” I ask.
“June probably, or late May. Have you been to Europe?”
“Yes, I went for a month right after I graduated. Had a total blast backpacking with some buddies. We hit ten countries. There’s so much to see.”
“I want to see it all,” Sloane says, her eyes wide with excitement.
Dinner arrives. We enjoy the food, the wine and each other’s company.
“Do you know I had the biggest crush on you growing up?” Sloane admits.
“Had, as in past tense?” I ask.
“Maybe I still do,” she says, her eyes teasing yet seductive.
“When you first started having ‘sleepovers’, as you girls would call it, with my sister, you were so young,” I start.
“And giggling, immature girls, right?” she finishes my sentence for me.
“Your words, not mine, but yes, giggling, immature pains in the ass.”
“Hey, I take offense to that last comment,” she objects.
“No, seriously, you guys weren’t that bad. I’ll admit, once you started growing up in high school, I did start to notice how hot you were getting.”
“Really? All I remember is that you were hot and heavy with that cheerleader—what was her name?”
“Rachel Adamson.”
“Yes, that’s her. Whatever happened to her?”
“I have no idea. I lost contact with her.”
“Were you dating anyone in high school?”
“No, not really.”
“Oh, I remember now. A couple of my friends wanted to take you out, and when they asked you, you shot them down,” I say, laughing at my friends’ expense.
“I’m picky. What can I say?”
“What about once you got in college? Anyone special?”
“No, I’ve just been sitting around, pining for you, Justin Harlow,” she says, all innocence, and I can’t tell whether she’s being serious or sarcastic. Probably the latter, no doubt.
“Stop it. I’m sure the guys were after you, and are still after you.”
She plays coy, like what I’m saying is wrong.
“I’ve kept my nose to the grindstone studying. I have lots of guy friends.”
“Who all want to be more than just friends, I can assure you.”
“Stop it.”
“Look, the only reason a guy bothers to be friends with a girl is because he’s interested in her.”
“That’s not true,” she tries to deny.
“Trust me, it is.”
“Maybe for a player like you, but that’s not how my guy friends are. Take Bryce, for instance. We’re just good buddies.”
“Yeah, that’s what you think. He’s just waiting patiently for the right time to make his move.”
“Bryce is just a friend,” she adamantly insists.
“To you, from your side, I believe that’s true.”
“Whatever, Justin.”
“How did you enjoy your dinner?”
“These were excellent. You were right. I wasn’t disappointed with my dinner choice,” she says, adding a sexy wink for good measure. Being out with Sloane is so easy. She’s fun to be around.
We walk out into the cold night air and wait for the valet to bring my car around. I see her rubbing her arms, trying to warm up. I put my arm around her.
“You cold?”
“Yes, it’s chilly tonight.”
“I’ll warm you up,” I say, and she bursts out laughing.
“Justin, do those lines really work on girls?” she asks, still wearing a smile that reaches her sparkling eyes.
“Actually, they usually do,” I say with an air of arrogance. “You won’t be laughing when I’m done with you.”
“Is that a promise?” she teases.
“Absolutely. Get in the car, my dear,” I reply, opening her door for her.
I’m going to make her regret ever laughing at me.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Sloane
Justin showed up tonight with flowers. He’s really trying to woo me. Then he takes me to the nicest restaurant in Beverly Hills, Giselle’s. I’ve only heard wonderful things about it, and now I can say I’ve been, thanks to Justin wining and dining me. The food was fabulous, and so was the company.
I couldn’t believe I was finally out with Justin Harlow, and he made it clear this was more than a friendly date.
He seems intent on making me “his”, so he says.
I’m pretty sure it’s a conquest thing for him. I’ve gone back and forth in my head all week, debating on whether to go through with this, with someone like the player Justin has become. But because of him, I’m more anxious than ever to lose it. 
We’re in his car now. I’m not sure where we’re headed, but I can only assume back to his place. I get quiet in the car, still debating on letting him have his way with me tonight or if I should make him wait a little longer. Make him work for it. Waiting would be something new for him. Milk this for a few more dates, prolong the agony for him, and tease him—that’s what a player like him deserves.
“I’m taking you back to my place and teaching you that no one challenges me. You’re going to pay, little lady. You’re one hell of a tease, aren’t you?” he asks.
“That’s what the boys tell me,” I banter back.
“I can’t believe you’ve held out this long.”
“Me neither, to be perfectly honest.”
Am I really going to give my V-card to Justin Harlow?
We pull into his high-rise condominium building in Downtown LA. I look up, and it looks at least twenty stories tall.
We take the elevator up to the top floor. Once we walk into his place, my breath is taken away by the view of the city lights from his floor to ceiling windows in the living room. 
“What a magical view you have of the city,” I breathe. 
His place is plush. I’ve never been out with a man like Justin—only boys from college. It’s dark, with the exception of a dim light in the marble entryway.
Justin’s condo screams seductive bachelor pad all the way. He has a remote for the music that plays throughout his entire condo, then another remote for the blinds and the lights, creating a romantic ambiance with the click of a button. 
“Can I get you something to drink? How about some white wine?” he asks.
“That would be great,” I reply, walking into the living room with him as he goes to the bar.
“This is quite the bachelor pad you have here.” I smile.
“Yeah, I’m pretty happy here. Let’s go sit on the sofa,” he replies smoothly, handing me my glass of wine. 
I can’t help but wonder how many times he’s played this exact scene out, and with how many lucky ladies. I guess, tonight, I’m the lucky one to be keeping Justin Harlow company.
“Relax, Sloane,” he says.
He must be able to tell how apprehensive I am about being here with him.
I take a sip of my wine and just gaze at him as he places his glass on the coffee table. I swallow hard. He’s making his move, going in for the kill.
“Do you know how much I want you, how long I’ve been trying to resist you?” he says, holding my gaze as he takes my glass out of my hand and sets it on the table.
“I have an idea, but it’s not as long as I’ve been crushing on you,” I tease with a small smile.
“I’m not a patient man,” he says, leaning into me as one hand caresses my neck and he pulls me in for a kiss. His other hand snakes around my waist, and he pushes me back on the sofa.
Oh my God, this is it. My heart starts racing in my chest. 
He moves on top of me, taking my lips in a passionate kiss. My lips immediately part for his searching tongue. 
Mmm, he’s a good kisser. Of course he is. He has me melting in minutes.
“God, Sloane, you’re so damn sexy,” he says, pulling away and staring down at me. 
He pulls off me and stands, holding his hand out for me to take. 
I sit up and take his hand, and he leads me to his bedroom.
We stop at the edge of his bed. 
“Turn around,” he commands softly, and I do as he says.
He draws the zipper down from the back of my dress and slides it off my shoulders. He lightly bites my shoulder, sending a shiver down my entire body.
I turn around to face him, and his eyes cast down to my breasts spilling out of my lacey bra that I wore especially for him. 
“God, Sloane, you’re incredible. Lie down.”
I pull back the comforter and climb into his bed.
He stares down at me as he undresses down to his briefs. His body is beautifully sculpted. I can’t wait to spread kisses over every inch of it.
He covers me with the weight of his glorious body.
“Do you know how beautiful you are?” he says, inches from my lips.
I pull him to my lips. “No more talking,” I say.
We start kissing, devouring each other. My hands run through his hair as his lips travel down my body.
He slowly draws a nipple into his warm mouth, sucking lightly until his teeth graze my sensitive peak. I groan at the pleasurable sensation. I feel myself melting in my panties.
Then he starts to descend soft petal soft kisses down my belly.
My hips buck up involuntarily in anticipation.
Once his lips settle on my most intimate and private place, I suddenly feel shy.
I try to close my legs and pull away.
“Ah, ah, ah,” Justin scolds, spreading my legs open with his strong hands. 
“Relax and enjoy,” he coaxes.
He slides a finger inside me, then another.
“You’re so tight and wet for me,” he says.
I will myself to relax. You want this, Sloane. You know you want him. Don’t fight it, I tell myself.
He continues to flick his tongue along my slick folds as his fingers work their magic. 
“You ready for me?” he asks softly, coming up to my face.
I answer him with a hard, passionate kiss. 
He breaks away from our kiss and reaches toward his nightstand drawer. I see him open the drawer and fumble with a box of condoms. He’s prepared, but there should be no surprise in that. Once he sheaths himself, I try to not think about all the other women who have come before me, no pun intended. 
He settles his hips between my thighs. I spread my legs wide, inviting him in. Then I pull my knees up and guide his rock hard shaft into me. My breath hitches as Justin presses forward and sinks slowly into me. I feel a slight burn as my body adjusts and accommodates his girth. 
I try to relax and breathe out as I open my eyes and look up at Justin. The man of my dreams is gazing down upon me. 
“You okay?” he asks softly.
“More than okay,” I whisper back, a dreamy quality to my voice.
“God, Sloane, you feel incredible wrapped around me,” Justin murmurs into my ear, his warm breath tickling my heightened senses.
“Justin,” I whisper, getting lost in our slow rhythm. It hurts and feels good at the same time. I feel so incredibly close to him.
He continues thrusting slowly in and out of me. His breathing is growing ragged as he kisses my temple, then travels down to my cheek before he takes my lips in a passion-filled kiss, never breaking the rhythm as he pounds the weight of his hips into me.
“I’m not going to last much longer,” he growls in a strained voice.
Justin lets out a primal growl as he pumps into me a few last times, burying himself deep inside me, before I feel him pulse inside me.
“Damn, Sloane, you are heaven,” Justin grunts, coming down from our wave of ecstasy.

Tonight I lost it, lost it to the boy/man I’ve been in love with for as long as I can remember. I hold him close and bury my face into his chest, never wanting him to go. I wish I could freeze this moment forever.
“Sloane, that was amazing. You’re amazing,” he says softly.
A feeling of euphoria sweeps through my body and warms me. My wish, my hope of giving myself to someone I love has come true. 
He rolls off me, and I snuggle up to him and lay my head on his warm chest. I can hear his heart is still racing. He wraps his arms around me and plants a tender kiss on my forehead.
“Do you know how hard I had to fight wanting this, wanting you?” he murmurs. 
“Not as long as I’ve wanted you,” I reply.
“Those nights at the house in Carmel, I longed to go into your room in the middle of the night and ravish you,” he admits.
“What stopped you?” I tease.
“The whole house was filled with my family, not to mention Kylie was sleeping in the bed next to you.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Justin
The intimacy that settles between us catches me off guard tonight. Usually, I never feel with anything other than my cock, but with Sloane, it’s different. She’s different, but in the best way imaginable. I pull her sinfully sexy warm body against me, and it feels amazing to finally have her in my arms and in my bed. I kiss her forehead and she murmurs into me. She almost purrs, like a satisfied kitten. My little sex kitten. 
I fought being her first, but I find that I love being her first. I never thought I would embrace that, but I find that I do. 
“I need some water. I’m thirsty,” she says.
“Let me get it for you,” I offer and walk to the kitchen buck-naked to grab a bottle from the fridge.
Once I get back into the bedroom, we go for round two.
I’m propped up on top of Sloane, my hips settled between her legs. I’m primed and ready to enter her slick, warm channel. 
I gaze down at my beauty, her long hair splayed across my pillow, and I get even harder. 
She looks up at me, and her soft hand caresses my cheek.
Sex with Sloane is incredible, so intimate, and so special. 
I can’t remember it ever feeling this good.
The closeness I feel when we are joined so intimately overwhelms me.
She wraps her legs around me, and I sink into her.
“Ahh, you feel amazing wrapped around me so tight and wet, babe.”
Her eyes are hooded with desire for me and how I make her feel inside.
She lets out a soft purr, and I know she’s come to enjoy our lovemaking immensely.
It’s written all over her face. 
What can I say?
I’m good. 
I can melt any woman’s panties and have her dropping them for me in no time.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Justin
 Sloane and I have been dating exclusively for over a month now. 
I brought her over to my place tonight. 
I’m making my specialty, grilled steaks and my famous macaroni and cheese—and it’s not from a box.
I find myself wanting to do special things for her, take care of her, and pamper her. She is so unlike the string of girls I’ve been dating as of late. She’s sweet, caring and innocent, untouched. It’s a refreshing change.
I like it.
“Justin, you surprise me,” Sloane says. She’s perched on a stool in the kitchen, sipping her wine. She’s dressed super-casual, with little makeup on. She’s a natural beauty. She doesn’t need any makeup to look gorgeous.
“How so?”
“I didn’t know you could cook.” She smiles. 
I love her smile.
“There are only a few things I know how to cook.”
I set the table, dim the lights, and put on some mood music.
“How is your dad doing?”
“Okay, I guess. He told me he’s dating someone.”
“Have you met her?”
“No, and I don’t want to.”
“How long has it been since your mom passed away?”
“Almost a year. Sometimes, it feels like yesterday. God, I miss her. She wanted my dad to wait one year before he started dating again.”
“She told him that?”
“Yes, it’s a respect thing. I don’t blame her.” Sloane’s eyes cast down, and I reach for her hand to comfort her.
“Not a day goes by when I don’t still hear her voice or think about her.”
“I know it must be hard for you.”
“She was my best friend.”
“You look a lot like her.”
“Yeah, that’s what people tell me. My mom was beautiful.”
“And so are you, Sloane.”
Sloane offers me a small smile.
“Thank you. I hope I take after her. She was beautiful on the inside and out. She was so good to me. She spoiled me.”
“You deserve to be spoiled. I find myself wanting to spoil you, wanting to take care of you.”
“You do make me feel cared for, Justin. Underneath all of your cocky bravado lies a caring and sensitive man,” she replies, looking at me like I’m something special.
“Don’t let it get out,” I tease.
“Your macaroni and cheese is to die for,” she compliments.
“Better than Kraft Macaroni and Cheese from a box?”
“Way better, and this steak melts in your mouth. Mmm.” Sloane closes her eyes and moans, and it’s so sexy. My cock twitches at the sight of her.
Having her here, in my condo, dining with me makes me want her here all the time. She makes this place feel like a home. This scary, scary thought passes through my mind. I’ve never felt this way about any woman I’ve had over. Everything feels so easy with Sloane. I can be myself. There are no false pretenses. She seems to love me just the way I am. Heck, she’s known me since I was a hormone-filled teenager, and she still loves me for me, not for the trappings I can provide her or a lifestyle. She doesn’t seem to care about any of those materialistic things.
I think losing her mother took a toll on her, but she’s learned what’s important in life—the love of friends and family.
I know my mom and Kylie have been there for her. My mom treats her almost like a daughter, and so does my dad. 
There’s something so genuine about Sloane. I can’t get enough of her, as hard as I try to deny it. I’m falling for her.
“I’m stuffed. Everything was delicious.”
“Glad you enjoyed it. Do you want to watch a movie? Go see what’s on Netflix, and I’ll clear the dishes.”
“Can we watch a chick flick, or do you want to watch the latest Bond film?” Sloane calls out to me from the living room.
“My vote is for Bond.”
“I figured as much.”
We make it through the first half of the movie until Bond falls into bed with one of his many Bond girls and it gets me in the mood. I lean over and start kissing Sloane, my Bond girl.
“You’re my Bond girl.”
“Justin, you’re distracting me from the ‘good’ part,” she teases.
“Let’s go into my room and make our own ‘good’ part happen,” I say with a wicked grin, standing and offering her my hand.
She let’s out a sigh and looks up at me over her long lashes. She takes my hand without a word and lets me lead her to my bedroom of sin. 
I get her naked and on her back in no time.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Sloane
I still can’t believe Justin and I are finally together. Things between us have been going better than I ever dreamed.
We’re together in every sense of the word. I’ve given him my special gift, and as of now, I don’t regret it one bit.
 It’s like a dream come true for me. I need to pinch myself daily to remind me that all of this is real.
He’s an amazing lover, but then, I knew he would be. 
Come on, look at the guy, and he delivers in the bedroom.
There is no better place in the world than in his arms, in his bed, with him loving me so completely.
I’m in love with him. There’s not a single doubt in my mind.
Now, for Justin . . . in the back of my mind, I still wonder if I’m just a conquest thing.
I won’t ever dare say I love him to his face. It would send him running. I know that much.
Men like Justin don’t do love. He told me so from the beginning, but even with the warning, I couldn’t stop myself from falling into his arms and into his bed.
I tried fighting it, but it was useless.
I’ll take whatever time he gives me. 
He doesn’t do forever, and I would be a first class fool to believe otherwise.
But I can dream. I can fantasize that he’s the perfect boyfriend for now.
I will enjoy every inch of him and all he has to offer me in and out of the bedroom.
He treats me like a princess and acts like he cares about me. 
At least I’m delusional enough to believe it.
Tonight, we’re staying in at Justin’s sleek high-rise condo in Downtown LA.
I’ve grown to love just being here with him. He’s cooking dinner for me tonight.
He surprised me. He’s so sweet, actually. Who would’ve ever imagined he’d be the type to cook dinner for a girl? 
He makes me feel special, like he genuinely cares about me. I didn’t expect all of this from a cocky, arrogant guy like Justin. I’m learning, the more time I spend with him, that there’s a caring and sensitive side to Mr. God’s Gift to Women.
He asks about my dad tonight, and my pain and grief come to the surface. I miss my mom terribly. I wish I could share with her my trials and tribulations with Justin, share with her that I’m in love and we’re in a good place right now, Justin and me. I suppose she can see us. I like to believe she’s still here with me in spirit.
I hope she would approve. She would know whether Justin was good for me or not. Mothers always know those things. But I’ll have to go it alone, learn the hard way if Justin and I are good for each other and if we will last.
It’s utter bliss being in his arms, letting him love me. Giving myself to him feels so right because I love him.
I still have these nagging doubts about whether he feels the way I do. But I never question him. I don’t want to push it, and I’m afraid it may send him running. I let him take the lead in this relationship.
He’s never said those three words to me, and I’m fine with that—really. I’m taking it one day at a time.
“What are you thinking?” he asks after he’s loved me completely and we both lie here completely satisfied. 
“It’s blissful being in your bed.” I’m willing to admit that much. He knows how I feel. I know he does.
He just turns and kisses my forehead, and his gestures make me feel warm and fuzzy on the inside. I love him. Does he feel it too?
“I love having you in my bed.”
He used the word love tonight.
I’ll take it and drift off to dream land.
He doesn’t say anything more, and we fall asleep in each other’s arms. 
Saturday morning, we wake up and I notice a text from Kylie. 
“I just got a text from your sister. She wants to know if I want to go to Club 21 with her and some friends tonight. What should I tell her?” I ask.
Justin still wants to keep us a secret from his family. I’m not sure if that’s good or bad. If he really were serious about me, he would want his family to know. I know this in my heart, but I try and deny it.
He doesn’t answer me right away.
“Do you want to go?” he asks.
“Would you come with me?”
Silence.
“It’s alright if you don’t. But I’m in the mood to go dancing. It sounds like fun. I can just go. You don’t have to come.” I’m testing him, waiting to see what he says.
“You go on then. I’m good with just staying home alone tonight. I don’t want to stop you from going out with your friends once in a while.”
My heart sinks with disappointment, but I try not to let it show. I wish we could go out as a couple, let the world know that we are, indeed, together, not some dirty little secret. He’s obviously not ready to show the world that we’re together, and maybe he never will be. It’ll probably be over soon, for all I know. He may be right.
“All right.” 
I start texting Kylie.
“So, you’re going to go without me?” he asks.
“Isn’t that what you just told me to do?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”

CHAPTER TWENTY

Justin
So I let her go out with her friends tonight, my sister included.
I give Scott a call to see if he wants to be my wingman and spy on Sloane.
I don’t know why I didn’t want to go with her. I’d never hear the end of it from Kylie, for one thing. She’d ride me about it. Then she would tell my parents, and after what my dad said to me in Carmel, I know I’d be in for a lecture from my old man.
Scott and I show up at Club 21, and it’s packed tonight.
“This place is always standing room only,” Scott says once we get inside.
“Yeah, I know. Let’s look around and see if we spot them,” I say.
We go upstairs so we can look down on the dance floor. That’s probably where Sloane is, out there shaking her awesome ass. 
Some lovely ladies are giving Scott and me the eye from across the balcony. 
They’re pretty hot, but I keep my eye on the ball.
I scan the crowd on the dance floor. No sign of her.
“Do you see Sloane and Kylie?” I ask Scott.
“Hey, is that them?”
I follow Scott’s eyes and see them dancing in a group. Some guy is grinding up against my girl, and I don’t like it. She’s talking to him now, and then I see her body shake with laughter. 
“Who’s the guy?” Scott asks.
“I have no idea.”
“Does she know you’re here?”
“Nope.”
“Are you going down there?”
“I don’t know.” 
I continue standing along the railing, thinking of my next move, when one of the girls that was eyeing us earlier sidles up next to me. Aggressive, isn’t she? I give Scott a sideways glance.
“Hi,” she flirts.
“Hey, how are you doing?” I say to be polite. She’s got quite a rack on her, and a nice pair of legs in her short dress.
“I’m Candace. My friends call me Candy for short.”
“Are you sweet?”
“You’ll have to taste me to find out,” she says with a wink.
Damn, this girl is mine for the taking. But they usually are.
I glance down at the dance floor where I last saw Sloane dancing with some guy, and she’s gone. A flurry of panic runs through my veins.
Why am I so fucking possessive of her?
“Do you see them anymore?” I turn and ask Scott.
“No, they went back to the VIP section. Do you see them there in that booth?”
I squint and can barely make them out.
“Is she still with that guy?”
“I think so. He followed her back to her table. Do you want to go down there?”
I do, but I’m hesitant to confront her, to let her know that I followed her here. 
I turn, and Candy is still standing next to me.
“Do you want to dance?” she asks.
If I go down there and dance with this hot girl, there’s a small chance Sloane might see me. But it’s so damn crowded. What are the chances of her seeing me with this girl? Do I risk it?
“I’m good for now. Sorry, I’m not much into dancing,” I reply.
“I guess most guys aren’t really into dancing. Do you come here often?” she asks, trying to engage me.
But honestly, I’m not really interested.
“On occasion,” I reply.
My eyes scan the dance floor again, looking for Sloane.
“Do you see her?” I ask Scott impatiently.
“Man, just go down there,” Scott says.
I can’t stand the thought of Sloane down there, flirting with some other guy. But if she finds out I’m here, I don’t know . . . will she embrace me and call attention to us in front of my sister?
It could get a whole lot of awkward.
“We should leave,” I tell Scott.
“There she is, dancing.” Scott nods his head in her direction, and I see her. 
The same guy is stuck to her like glue. 
Do I blame him? 
Sloane’s the hottest girl in this entire club.
“I’m going down there.” 
I don’t give a shit anymore what Sloane thinks. She’s mine.
“It was nice meeting you, Candy.”
“Are you leaving?” she asks.
“No, I just see someone I want to say hello to.”
“Oh, okay.” Candy looks a little put out, wondering why I didn’t take her bait—why I didn’t try and taste her.
“Come on,” I say to Scott.
I don’t know what I’m going to do once I approach Sloane, but I need to get down there and get this guy away from her.
Once we make our way down to the dance floor, I practically stalk onto the dance floor, weaving between hot sweaty bodies trying to get to her.
When I reach her, her eyes are closed and she’s getting lost in the rhythm, gyrating her hips seductively, and this guy is practically drooling, his eyes scanning her body.
“Sloane,” I yell over the thumping music.
Her eyes open and her mouth drops. 
“Justin, what are you doing here?”
The guy she’s with stiffens, and his head jerks my way.
I tower over this guy as he eyes my biceps and steps back away from Sloane.
I stare daggers at him and he wanders off.
I pull her to me and lay a hard kiss on her lips. 
She swoons into me.
“Justin, what are you doing here?” she asks again.
“Come on, let’s go,” I command and grab her hand.
“No. I’m not ready to leave. I’m having fun.”
“Really, with some other guy?”
“We’re just dancing,” she says defensively.
“He was eye fucking you,” I growl.
“Stop it, he was not.”
“Get your things. Let’s go.”
She just stands there, obviously exasperated with me.
I tuck her under the chin. “Come home with me tonight,” I say, staring seductively into her eyes. 
She gets my message loud and clear.
“Alright, let me tell Kylie I’m leaving.”
“I’ll wait for you by the door.”
Once we get in my car, Sloane tells me, “I told Kylie I was leaving with that guy.”
“Why?” 
“Because we’re a secret, remember? Why, was I supposed to tell her YOU were taking me home?”
“I guess you’re right.”
“Justin, what are we doing here?”
“What do you mean?”
“Are we together, a couple? Or would I have been free to give that guy my number or go home with him?”
“Don’t you dare even think about it.”
She doesn’t say anything more. She just stares straight out the window.
I’m angry and jealous that she would even think about giving another guy her number.
I’m going to take her home to my bed. She won’t want anyone else once I’m finished loving her.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Justin
A few of us from Goldman Sachs are at our local watering hole after work tonight.
 “Hey, Alexis Cavanaugh has a thing for you,” Connor says.
“I’m aware.”
“Well, you going to do anything about it?”
“Not sure. If the mood strikes me, perhaps,” I reply vaguely.
“I thought you started something with Sloane?”
“Yeah, we’re seeing each other.”
“You’re a lucky man, Harlow. I wouldn’t blow it if I were you.”
“Mind your own business.”
“My, aren’t we testy? Speak of the devil.”
“Hi, gentlemen,” Alexis purrs as she walks up to us in the crowded bar.
Damn, this is a real woman. She’s got her sexy going on. A real sophisticated siren who screams take me to bed. The type I usually go for. 
“How goes it?” I ask to be polite.
Connor just stands there next to me, drooling. Close your mouth, Connor.
“The Asher account is so high-maintenance. I’m at their beck and call 24/7. It’s absolutely exhausting,” Alexis replies.
“Blake Asher?” I ask.
“The one and only.”
“He seems like a man you could handle,” I say. That sounds laced with innuendo, but I didn’t mean it the way it sounded.
She looks at me like she wants me. I’m all too familiar with that look of wanton lust. I’m God’s gift to women. Why wouldn’t she want me?
“Oh really, Mr. Harlow?” she replies, looking me up and down from head to toe, and then her eyes settle on mine.
“Yes, Alexis, I’m sure you can hold your own with Blake Asher.”
“He’s a man who gets everything he wants,” she says in her throaty voice.
“Does he want you?” 
My suit trousers are feeling a little tight right about now.
“I try to keep it professional.”
I have to glance away. 
Alexis is pure, unbridled temptation. 
She’s mine for the taking. Connor is right.
The way she speaks to me, the way her eyes lock onto mine, the way her body moves, all scream she wants me.
Alexis dresses elegantly professional, but her dresses and skirts hug her curves perfectly.
Connor is still standing next to me.
“Excuse me,” I say, and walk over to the bar to get another drink. I need to put some distance between us.
Sloane and I have been going at it for a couple of months now. I’m nearing my limit, my expiration time with any girl I’m seeing. But I do thoroughly enjoy Sloane. I gave into my desire, my yearning for her, against my better judgment. I do care about her. She’s sweet and sassy, innocent yet seductive. She can be such a walking contradiction, but that’s what I love about her.
And sex with Sloane—what can I say? It’s special and she’s special.
She trusts me implicitly, even though I thought I would never go there with her, ever.
Unfortunately, the grown up Sloane is just too damn alluring for her own good. The week together in Carmel killed me. All of my resolve to resist her slipped away, and in its place, I resigned myself to officially making her mine. Not just a fling, but my attempt at dating her, trying to give her the steady relationship a girl like her deserves, and it’s been going well, for the most part. She satisfies me completely, which is saying a lot for me. 
But as satisfied as I am, do my eyes still wander? 
Hey, I’m still a living, breathing, hot-blooded man. 
Have I noticed Alexis? 
Sure I have, but I’ve tried to keep it professional. Not until Connor mentioned it and pointed out the obvious did I start to notice the bait floating on the hook at the top of the water. 
The question is, will I take the bait, nibble on it, and get hooked?

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Sloane
“How’s it going with Justin?” Emily asks once I sit down at the dining table with my bowl of cereal this morning.
“Okay, I guess,” I reply.
“That doesn’t sound good,” she says.
“Lately, he keeps getting these text messages from some girl named Alexis. He works with her.”
“Do you think something’s going on between them?”
“I have no idea.”
“You sound so down about it.”
“I should’ve seen this coming. Justin warned me from the beginning, before we even started something, that his attention wanes after a couple of months. That’s about how long we’ve been together now. I should have seen the writing on the wall and heeded his warning.”
“I’m sorry. We knew he was a player from the beginning. Look at the guy.”
“I know, I know. I should never have let this start. You know how I feel about him.”
“Your heart is all in, I know. You’ve been in love with him forever.”
“I’d better just cut him loose now, let him go do his thing.”
“What?”
“Yeah, why prolong the inevitable?”
“Are you sure? Maybe you’re jumping to conclusions, and nothing is going on between him and this other girl.”
“I suppose that’s possible.”
“He’d better not ever cheat on you. He should have the decency to break it off if he does want to see someone else.”
“I totally agree. That’s why I may just give him an out before he tries to do it behind my back.”
“So are you going to confront him about it?”
“I don’t know how I’m going to do it. All I know is that I’m unsure about where I stand with him, and it’s killing me. I’d rather know one way or the other, you know?”
“Has he been his usual attentive self? Honestly, when I see him around you, he seems to really care about you.”
“He has, just those texts are bugging me.”
“I don’t blame you.”
“I’ll figure it out, one way or another.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Justin
I’m having dinner at Sloane’s apartment tonight, and I hear my cell alert me to text.
“Who’s the text from?” Sloane asks.
“Alexis from work,” I answer after I see her name flash across the screen.
“A fan of yours, no doubt.”
I don’t respond, because Sloane called it. She gets quiet.
She clears the dishes after dinner.
We head for the sofa and flip through the stations until we find something to watch.
“I’m letting you off the hook with me,” she finally says.
“What?”
“You go ahead, have your dalliance with this woman from work. She obviously wants you. I’m fine with it.”
I don’t believe what I just heard.
“What are you talking about?”
“Look, Justin, I knew going into this—two months, tops, and your eyes would wander. I’m totally cool with it. You gave me fair warning from the beginning.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really.”
Didn’t know it would be this easy to continue doing what I want. You know I hate being tied down. I usually won’t let myself be, and just like that, Sloane is willing to cut me loose.
“Is this what you want?” I ask.
“I’m good either way. I’ll let you decide,” she says.
I sit here, dumbfounded, while she gets up and leaves me sitting on the sofa to putter around in the kitchen.
Sloane, Alexis, Sloane, Alexis plays in my mind.
Is a roll in the sheets with Alexis worth losing Sloane? 
I suppose I won’t really know until I try it. 
Take Alexis for the proverbial test drive.
Sloane is so unbelievably cool, another reason I love her. 
Justin, you don’t love her. You care about her, but you don’t love her.
“You sure you’d be good with it?”
“Yes.”

*****

Sloane
Justin leaves, and I managed to hold it together until after he walked out my front door. 
Luckily, Emily isn’t home to witness my breakdown. 
I crawl into bed and cry myself to sleep as gut-wrenching sobs wrack my body. 
My memory takes me back to years ago.
When I was a girl, maybe twelve years old—that was the first time I laid eyes on the fifteen-year-old Justin Harlow. He was already a stud at fifteen.
My new friend, Kylie Harlow, invited me over to her house after school one day.
I remember the first time I saw him was in the kitchen of their house. Kylie and I were eating cookies and drinking milk, like the juveniles we were, and in saunters the cutest boy I’d ever laid eyes on. My heart actually fluttered in my chest at the sight of him. I can still remember that feeling. He was so incredibly gorgeous—dirty blonde hair, hazel eyes, and those lips of his. 
He barely noticed me as he went rummaging through the refrigerator looking for something to eat. 
Even at fifteen, Justin already had a body like a man. He had a weight set in the garage, and I would steal glimpses of him lifting without his shirt on. I would swoon every time.
When I think back, he never took a second glance at me.
My crush was so one-sided it wasn’t funny, but you remember how you were as a silly schoolgirl, the hormones. 
We all were dying to have a boyfriend.
Gain some ‘experience’. But it never happened for me during high school. 
Sure, I had loads of guy friends, but I never felt a spark or an attraction for any of them, not like I felt for the unattainable Justin Harlow. 
He was God’s gift to women, or girls, even back then.
Once we got into high school, while I was a freshman, he was a senior dating the hottest cheerleader, of course.
I would watch him from afar and dream of what it would be like to have his arm draped across my shoulders like it was wrapped around his blonde girlfriend.
Then he graduated from high school and set off to an Ivy League college. 
Where else would the perfect Justin Harlow go?
I remember it all like it was yesterday.
Now I lie here in my bed, crying my eyes out.
And I made it that easy for him to walk away, and he took the opportunity.
My broken heart is nobody’s fault but my own, all because of my inability to resist Justin Harlow. 
My heart will never be the same. 
I’ll never be the same since I let Justin into my heart, my body and my soul.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Justin
Alexis and I are working late together tonight. 
We’re in my office when she gets up and walks to the door. She quietly closes it.
She turns to face me with a look of pure seduction on her pretty face.
“What are you doing?” I ask as I stand, remaining behind my desk.
“I want you, Justin Harlow,” she says breathily, pressing her tight, curvaceous body against mine.
“This isn’t a good idea. We work together,” I say, desperately trying to resist temptation.
“Oh, come on. That never stopped anybody,” Alexis says, lightly biting my ear lobe, her warm breath tantalizing me. 
Then her hand lands on my crotch. 
Damn, this woman is aggressive. 
She knows what she wants, and it’s me.
“Sit down, big boy,” she says seductively as she pushes my chest while staring deep into my eyes.
She undoes my belt, and I can’t find my words to stop her, stop this. 
I’m hard as a rock. I’m a hot-blooded man, aren’t I?
God, she looks up at me just as her lips wrap around my stiff shaft. 
“Ahh,” I groan as she takes me in.
I can’t believe Alexis Cavanaugh, Miss Sophistication, is down on her knees before me, sucking me hard.
I’ve got to stop this now.
“Mmm,” she moans, and the vibration reverberates straight to my balls. 
She’s good at this. It feels too good.
“Alexis, we can’t,” I manage to say.
Who the hell just said that?
“We just did, and we’re going to do a lot more,” she says, standing up and wiping the corners of her mouth.
“No. Really, we can’t.”
“What’s with you? Do you know how many men would love to be in your shoes right now? I chose you, Justin Harlow, and I will let you have me,” she says confidently.
“Believe me, it’s not that I don’t want you.”
“Then what’s stopping you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Come now, you can do better than that. What is it? Do you have a girlfriend? I don’t care if you do,” she says.
“Not exactly.”
“Then what is it?”
“I don’t know,” I say again. 
I stand and tuck myself back into my pants and buckle up.
“You’re serious?” she asks woundedly.
“I’m afraid so. I have a pressing matter I need to attend to.”
After I get Alexis out of my office, I drive straight over to Sloane’s apartment.
I pull up in front of her building, and I can see her bedroom light is on. 
Is ten thirty too late to make a social call?
Too bad. I know she’s still up, and I need to see her.
I need to talk to her.
I knock on the door.
“Who is it?” she asks.
“It’s me, Justin.”
“Hey Justin, what brings you over at this hour?” she says, opening the door.
“I needed to see you. I need to talk to you,” I say, stepping into her apartment.
“I’m studying with Bryce right now.”
“Where is he, I don’t see him.”
“He’s in my room.”
“You’re studying in your bedroom?”
“Yeah, what’s wrong with that?”
Fuck, I don’t like the sound of that one bit.
“I need to talk to you privately,” I say just as Bryce comes walking out of her bedroom like he belongs there. 
I feel like the wind has been knocked out of me.
“Go ahead, talk,” Sloane says.
“Never mind.”
I turn and walk out the front door and head to my car.
“Hey, Justin.” I hear behind me. 
I turn around and see that it’s Bryce.
“I planned on being around to pick up the pieces after you dumped Sloane. We both knew it was just a matter of time before you moved on. I knew, you knew, and so did she. You were just playing with her. She was your flavor of the month. It was just a conquest thing for you. That’s how guys like you operate. She was heartbroken like I suspected would happen all along. Why did you even touch her? I’m sure there are countless women, more experienced women, more your type out there. So why did you have to go and mess with her, mess with her heart? She’s my friend, and I care about her—more than you ever will. Don’t come around here anymore,” Bryce tells me in no uncertain terms. 
He doesn’t give me a chance to answer. He just turns and walks back into Sloane’s apartment, and maybe into her heart.
 I stand there feeling so small, like such an asshole.
Everything Bryce said is true.
Why didn’t I stop myself? 
I’ve made a mess of everything.
I hurt the girl I’m beginning to realize I care about—really care about.
Do I try and make it up to her, or should I just move on?
Alexis is a beautiful woman, and we do have so much in common.
Then why don’t I want her like I want Sloane?
My dear, precious Sloane. 
I blew it.
I should leave her alone, let her find a better man, not a chump like me. 
Bryce is eager to fill my shoes. He made that loud and clear.
To say my first night without Sloane was a disaster would be an understatement. 

~To Be Continued~
~Just Love Me 2~
Click http://www.cccartwrightnovels.com
 Download NOW!

Dear Reader, I’m so happy to share Justin and Sloane’s story with you! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. I want to invite you to join my private mailing list click HERE to sign up and receive 3 FREE Books, and updates on new releases, sales and giveaways. Connect with me on Facebook or drop me an email at cccartwright.novels@gmail.com. I love hearing from my readers. 
Continue Reading Justin and Sloane’s Love Story
Just Love Me - Book 2
Click http://www.cccartwrightnovels.com
 Download NOW!

Justin
I see Sloane again after all these years and the attraction is undeniable.
Now that I’ve had a taste of her, I want more.
She gives herself to me physically, because I’m good.
But she will no longer give me her heart.
I want to own her, make her mine.
The problem is, she’s not cooperating.
Sloane
I was invisible to him.
At twelve years old, I was just his annoying kid sister’s best friend.
Fast forward ten years later and Mr. God’s Gift to Women decides he wants me.
We start something beautiful, then in a moment it’s over.
He wants me back.
But do I let him break my heart again?
Just Love Me - Book 2
Click http://www.cccartwrightnovels.com
  Download NOW!




EPILOGUE

Make sure to join my exclusive mailing list and receive 3 FREE ebooks! 
You’ll be the first to know of new releases, sales and giveaways.
Don’t forget to connect with me on Facebook.


About C.C. Cartwright
My passions lie in writing and reading sexy contemporary romance novels. 
Personal experiences are often the inspiration for my sexy romances, so there’s a little bit of me in every story I pen. I will leave you to figure out which parts are true and which parts are fiction! I believe in writing about heroines who are strong, smart, sassy, sexy and have a sense of humor.
Listening to my favorite music while writing inspires me to create my characters and makes their love stories come alive.
When I’m taking a break from writing, I enjoy spending time with my family.
As a hopeless romantic, I believe in happily-ever-after’s and that each day is for living, loving and laughing.
I love to hear from my readers!
Live, Love, Laugh,
C.C. Cartwright
View C.C. Cartwright’s Amazon Author Page to check out 
all of my books which are FREE in Kindle Unlimited








