Kayden
The Zuleikas book 1

EJ Marrick

Published by The Business Shepherd Ltd at Smashwords
Copyright 2019 EJ Marrick




Cover image licensed from  Viktor Pravdica at | Dreamstime.com

License Agreement

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents


Prologue
Chapter 1 – Cardiff – The old and the new 
Chapter2 – The Zuleika
Chapter 3 – Explanations
Chapter 4 – More questions than answers
Chapter 5 – Scotland – Memories
Chapter 6 – Searching for answers
Chapter 7 – Some answers at last
Thank you
	Other Work
	About me
Nick – Chapter 1 – Excerpt form Nick – The Zuleikas book 2
Translations

Prologue
Kayden Nal Zurek was walking through Leicester Square when he smelled it for the first time, a heady mix of sweet roses and seductive spices. He forgot that he had more important things to think about. He forgot about the two young vampires he was tracking. He even forgot who and what he was.
By the time he had realised what he was doing he was on the Piccadilly Line platform and he had no recollection of how he’d got there, it was only because the scent was dissipating that he came back to himself. 
His fangs had dropped and he shook himself willing them to retract before anyone saw them. He frowned, he’d not been this out of control since he was a fledgeling. If his sire was around to see him now he’d definitely be facing one of his punishments. The cold terror of the thought brought him back to himself as effectively as if someone had thrown cold water over him. 
He turned, heading back to the job he was supposed to have been doing before he’d been unaccountably distracted. The two young vamps were in the square above, if he didn’t get to them soon someone else might die. They’d killed two humans already and as The Enforcer it was his job to make sure they never did it again. To be honest he rarely got called in for something this minor, but he was in London and Nicolas had asked. 
Now that he could concentrate, it didn’t take him long to run them down in an alley behind a Chinese restaurant. He took their heads off with one sweep of his long sword and they were dust drifting in the night air.
He was sheathing his sword still thinking about the scent and for a moment he thought about hunting for her, the source of that smell. But she could be anywhere in London by now and he would never find her so he put it out of his mind and went on with his life.
 
It must have been five years later when he smelled it again.
Chapter 1
~ Cardiff – The old and the new~
Kayden was travelling to Cardiff. He’d decided to go by train, it was a whimsy on his part, he had a hankering for the old days when rail travel was new. He remembered it well, the war hadn’t started yet and the humans were making progress in leaps and bounds. He vividly remembered rushing to see the first train because it was one of the first things he’d done as a full day-walker.
He missed the steam but somehow even a modern train still made a journey more exciting. He had lived long enough that very little affected him now, he sometimes wondered why he bothered, but there were still some pleasures to be found and he had duties to undertake.
He had been the Nal Zurek since his sire had met his death in the war. House Zurek was small but powerful, patiently holding to the old ways, but it was this patience which kept the house members strong.
Almost every member of the house enjoyed politics and could be found in positions of power thought Europe. There was only one exception, Kayden himself. It was ironic really but being head of the house and The Enforcer actually meant he could avoid politics most of the time.
Gone were the days when vamps thought they could do as they pleased, after the rebellion all vamps had to follow the code or they would meet Kayden personally. As The Enforcer it was his job to remove any vamp who didn’t obey the rules and he could call on anyone for aid if he needed it. Not that it happened very often, it was more usual that they called him. 
That’s why he was going to Cardiff. 
He was frowning as he walked down the platform reading the emails on his phone. There was a nest in Cardiff, vampires were spawning uncontrollably and the new fledglings were rampaging. This kind of thing was commonplace before the war but the code was supposed to stop things like this happening again. Emrys had managed to keep the humans from noticing, but the new, feral vamps were appearing as fast as his people could kill them. 
That’s where he came in, there must be an older vamp behind this. It would be his job to find that vamp and remove him permanently. Kayden was pondering which of Emrys’ people could be the traitor when he smelled it again.
It was old this time, several days at least, his fangs still threatened to drop but he had control and contented himself with a small smile. Maybe she was in Cardiff too? Maybe there would be a bright spot on this trip after all.
The railway journey was uneventful and Kayden was soon in Cardiff. He knew Emrys didn’t have anyone on his staff who was old enough to be a day walker so, with no one clamouring to drive him, he walked from the station. It was nice to enjoy the city before he became The Enforcer again. 
Emrys had a tendency to be formal and Kayden found all that oppressive, so he wanted to turn up with no fanfare. He strode through the streets lost in his thoughts and shoppers naturally made way for him. Maybe it was because of the air of suppressed power he radiated? Maybe it was because he looked even more imposing with his long leather coat catching the breeze? Or maybe it was because his long black hair trailing out behind him made him look like a rock star? It was difficult to say, but Kayden seemed unaware of the admiring glances, he just headed for the private entrance in the dingy alley avoiding the flashy clubs that made up the rest of the building. 
It's a cliche for a reason, clubs are a good place for vampires to get blood from a random constantly changing population. Although the Cardiff house was a three storey brick building occupying an entire block off Grey Friars Road, almost all the ground and upper floors were occupied by a selection of clubs and bars; both profitable and convenient. The real business went on below.
The private door was unmarked, but he’d been here before, so he approached with confidence. However he had a shock when Nicolas opened the door.
“What took you so long?”
At least Nick was a welcome breath of fresh air and Kayden brightened. This trip might not be so bad after all. Nick looked like a blonde Californian surfer who never seemed to take anything seriously but his quick smile and youthful looks were deceptive, he hadn’t become The Council’s Delegate in London for no reason. It spoke volumes about the seriousness of the situation that Emrys had invited him too.
“I was just enjoying the journey, no need to rush there aren’t any day walkers here.”
“That’s true but it’s all hands on deck at the moment, you ready for a briefing or do you need a drink first?” He said gesturing to one of the clubs.
“No I’m good, is Emrys awake then?”
“Yea he may be a baby but this has got him well riled, we’re all here, even Donald.”
Kayden raised an eyebrow in surprise “Maybe I am late after all!”
If Donald had come down from Scotland things must be more serious than he’d first thought. Kayden thought about the possibilities as Nick lead the way to the main boardroom, a huge oak panelled room which now had display screens fitted on one wall. This modern technology was too useful to ignore so even the most hidebound vamp embraced it now.
The screens were showing maps of Cardiff highlighting the clusters of vamp attacks and nest houses. He glanced at them memorising the important information. There were a lot of nests, but most of them had been cleaned out already, so he wondered why he was needed. No doubt that would become clear in time.
He threw his rucksack into the corner and dropped his coat on top of it letting his sword swing free. It was impolite to remain armed in another vamps house but as The Enforcer, Kayden could get away with it and he had a feeling he’d be needing it later.
Emrys and Donald were already seated at one end of the big table, balding and suited they looked like they’d just stepped out of an office. That was what they’d looked like when they were turned and there was nothing they could do about it now but Kayden could feel the power within their deceptive frames. He was the strongest here but it was second nature to assess other vamps just in case. In a society where no one died, rising through the ranks was sometimes accomplished by more direct means. Old habits died hard and he didn’t want to be replaced just yet.
He trusted these three though, Donald’s expertise was in business and he had little interest in rising further. As a Council Delegate in Scotland, the brother of the current Nal Saktir and the best vampire accountant in Europe his influence was considerable. Not that he couldn’t fight mind you. Kayden had often fought by his side in the war, he had been an able commander, neat and precise like his accountancy. Kay remembered his broadsword in too many battles dispatching his enemies cleanly and methodically.
Nick was just flamboyant, like everything he did he even fought with a flourish, but Kayden liked him and often went to London just to spend time with him. Since the war Nick seemed to be one of the few who still thought of him as a person and not a job.
That only left Emrys, Kayden didn’t know him well, he was much younger than the rest he’d only been in charge for a hundred years or so, elevated when Cardiff grew from a hamlet to a major city and Nick decided that it would be easier if he had some help. But he was a bit unsure of himself and often retreated into formality. When they’d all been fighting in the rebellion he’d only just became independent of his sire so he tended to let the others lead but he had a keen mind and good instincts which is why Nick had chosen him.
Kayden dragged his attention back to the meeting, it was unlikely any of these vamps were involved so what was going on?
He leant back in his chair letting the cold hard mantle of The Enforcer settle on his shoulders obliterating all expression and he raised an expectant eyebrow at Emrys who swallowed nervously and run his hand through his short dark hair. “Nal Zurek, welcome to Cardiff your eminence.” 
Kayden glanced over at Nick, he was exasperated but wasn’t letting anything show, but Nick knew him too well and spoke for him, “Cut the crap Emrys, we all know who Kay is!”
Emrys looked sheepish but he leaned forward speaking earnestly, “Look it’s like this see, someone’s turning vamps as fast as I can kill ’em,” he looked at Kayden, “You saw the screens, we’ve cleared every nest we can find but there always seem to be more. I have called in every vamp I can from all over Britain and they have to patrol the city centre every night just to stop people being killed. There was even a feral one outside my bloody front door!” He was furious, clearly that had only added insult to injury.
For the first time Emrys looked directly at Kayden, “I need help with this, someone must be turning ’em. I tried capturing the one outside to see if it would tell me who turned it. I fed it and fed it but I couldn’t sate its blood-lust for long enough to talk to it.” He pressed a remote control and one of the screens burst into life showing a cell with a crazed vamp in it. It was literally throwing itself into the walls and the door in an effort to escape. Emrys sighed and pushed the pause button unable to look at the distressing footage any more. “There’s more, but it’s all like that, we couldn’t get anything out of him. Look, they say you’ve seen things like that in the war and you can tell if anyone is depleted. That may be the only way we can find out who’s doing it – I’ll have every vamp in the damn city parade in front of you if it’ll help.”
Kayden leaned forward and steepled his fingers tapping them against his chin, absorbed in the situation. His eyes were icy cold, he couldn’t say why, but he felt the situation was more serious than it appeared, possibly it was because even Nick looked sober.
After thinking for a while Kayden looked up and spoke carefully, “I haven’t heard of anything like this since before the war.” He paused before continuing, he didn’t want to say this as it was tantamount to saying they couldn’t do their jobs, but he didn’t feel as though he had a choice “If we can’t get it under control I’m going to have to contact Switzerland to check the archives.”
“I would like to point out I had suggested that.”
Nick jumped in defensively, “Yea we know Donald, but I was hoping Kay could save the day before we had to look incompetent in front of The Council.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence Nick, but I’m The Enforcer not The Librarian.” 
“Well then Kay,” Nick replied with one of his trademark grins, “you’d better get on with the enforcing, we’ve saved one nest for you in case you can pick up any clues we’ve missed.”
“Thanks Nick, you give the best gifts!”
Although he was being sarcastic Kayden knew Nick was right, it was best he did this himself. He glanced at the clock, there were still a couple of hours of daylight, he may as well get this over and done with. He took a deep breath and stood up.
“Right I’ll suit up, anyone else want to come?” Kayden looked over at Nick who nodded, but Kayden detected the reluctance behind his friend’s compliance and it made him wonder what he was getting into. It was still best to get it over with so he reached for his backpack and took his light armour out. 
He didn’t think twice, privacy was a modern invention after all, so he stripped where he was. He had a strong muscular body, wide shoulders and a narrow waist and at six foot four he dwarfed everyone but Nick. He’d been a warrior before being turned and it showed in the strong muscles rippling down his back while he dressed. 
He was soon decent again, his hair neatly tied and his official insignia prominent on the front of his armour – to any passing human it would look like he had a t-shirt with a band logo, to any vamp it signified official business. Nick already had his armour on but he picked up a Japanese sword from the umbrella stand and ambled over. They’d worked together often enough that they didn’t need to say anything. They simply fell back into old patterns, Nick raised an eyebrow and Kayden nodded.
They picked up their coats to hide their weapons and ambled out of the room. The last nest was the closest, an easy walk from the Council House.
They didn’t say anything as they walked together through the streets. Kayden was anxious to see what had them so worried and Nick was being unnaturally taciturn. 
Kayden wanted to get this over with and to find out why Nick was so skittish, but he didn’t hurry, he wanted to get a feel for what was going on before rushing into anything. 
They walked up past the museum and through the university buildings to the traffic lights where there was a small street of dilapidated, obviously rented houses. This particular one had black bin bags taped over broken windows and looked in even worse repair than the rest.
Kayden scented the air and immediately wished he hadn’t. Most of what he could smell was rubbish, every house was leaving their black bags in piles outside their doors and they were filled with rotten food and most were covered in rat droppings. But this house smelled worse, there was the scent of death in the air.
Kayden nodded to Nick and squared his shoulders before approaching the door, he wasn’t going to enjoy this, but what soldier did?
Glancing into the street to make sure he was unobserved, he drew his sword and in one smooth movement used his enhanced strength to kick in the door.
It went flying back against the wall with a loud crash.
If there were humans here he’d have been worried and if he could sense a vamp here he would have been cautious. As it was, nothing stirred and Kayden strode in holding his sword ready in front of him.
The hallway was sticky under his boots and the dingy brown paint was peeling, nothing looked like it had been cared for in years. Every surface was thick with greasy grime and Kayden reflected that he was lucky that, as a vampire, he was immune to disease. He reached the first door and pushed it gently open. He checked to be sure Nick was behind him, covering the entrance then he went in.
The room was pitch black and cluttered and Kayden had to pause for his night vision to kick in. It looked like it had once been a typical bedsit but now everything was battered and broken. There were three bodies on the floor, they looked like they were already dead and they were starting to smell, but Kayden could just detect the faint trace of a vampire symbiote within them. They were all in strange positions too, if he didn’t know better he’d think they’d fallen asleep whilst standing up.
He frowned at Nick, “I can barely detect any symbiotes.”
“Me neither, it wasn't quite as bad as this at the other places, and what’s with the strange positions? That one would have a hell of a crick in his neck if you were going to let him wake up.”
“I’m wondering if they are falling asleep where they’re standing.” Kayden shrugged, it wasn’t much of a theory, but it was the only one he had at the moment. 
Kayden decided to put them out of their misery as quickly as he could. His sword sliced through the three necks with his usual efficiency. The heavy old blade sliced cleanly through sinew and bone after all he’d had more practice than he cared to think about. But this time they didn’t turn to dust, they just stayed as they were, the heads rolling sluggishly across the floor.
Kayden looked at his sword, there was actually blood on it but the stain was a strange dark congealed colour as though it were a cross between a long dead human and a vampire.
Kayden looked at Nick still holding his sword out in front of him. Nick forced himself to drag his eyes away from the blood and he looked at Kayden palpably shocked.
“What the hell mate?”
Kayden was beginning to wonder if he had indeed killed humans when he saw the blood slowly begin to vaporise, “Aye what the hell indeed, there’s barely enough symbiote in these to keep them from decomposing. I’m not even sure if they count as vamps.” Kayden shuddered, if they didn’t count as vamps he might have to report himself for killing humans. He was supposed to stop humans being killed by vamps, but this was too close for comfort.
They went through the rest of the house methodically clearing the rooms. They were both sickened by the time they’d finished, most of the bodies vaporised so slowly they could barely be called vampires, but they weren’t human either. 
Once they’d checked all the rooms and made sure there was no one left in the house, they went through again, checking to see if there was anything that could help tell them who was doing this.
There was nothing, no clue, just the aftermath of lives cut short. Before they left Kayden and Nick wiped their swords on a filthy bedspread, for the first time in hundreds of years Kayden had to worry about his sword being stained with blood. He felt sick, he knew Nick was feeling it too and he suddenly understood Nick’s reluctance to come with him. 
They didn’t linger, they just made sure they shut the door before taking relieved steps onto the pavement. They looked at each other, Nick was visibly shaken, “It wasn’t that bad with the others.”
Kayden wasn’t feeling much better but he’d retreated to his icy fortress, a place he’d made for himself during the war to hide from the carnage, so he just nodded.
They strode back to the Council House in silence. It was good to be in the sun, it was strange for vampires to enjoy the sun but after that dark dingy bedsit the contrast was welcome. 
They walked slowly back, neither in any hurry to get to the Council House. 
Kayden wasn’t looking forward to the next few hours, but they were relaying on him to come up with a plan and for once he was at a loss.

There were more vampires about when they arrived. The house was waking up for the night so Kayden kept his senses open, if one vamp had sired that many he would be dangerously depleted. If that last group were anything to go by he ought to be showing signs of madness himself. 
He sensed nothing as he walked through the corridors. All the vamps he saw were normal youngsters, none of them old enough to have sired anyone and all of them seemed healthy.
Unfortunately, they all had a touch of Emrys’ deference and that set his teeth on edge. Kayden stalked through the corridors deliberately ignoring the other vamps who were stepping back and bowing as he approached.
He slammed the boardroom door open, desperate to get out of the limelight. The door bounced off the wall and it nearly hit Nick as he followed him in. Kayden looked around expecting one of Nick’s sarcastic comebacks, but for once Nick was silent. He just slumped at the table and put his head in his hands.
It was up to him then. 
Kayden was stiff and straight, not letting any emotion into his voice as he reported back to Donald and Emrys, “We cleaned out the nest and they were barely vampires. They had so few symbiotes that they only just held back the decomposition. Whoever is doing this must be dangerously depleted themselves.” Kayden braced himself to deliver the most shocking news “The bodies didn’t vaporise. I actually had to clean blood off my sword!”
He heard them gasp, but he couldn’t let himself pay attention to it, he needed to be The Enforcer now, to get answers and protect them all from discovery. “Has this happened before?”
He was watching them his blue eyes hard and cold, but he couldn’t detect anything other than honest horror as they both shook their heads.
“All the ones I saw were also dangerously low on symbiotes.” Donald corroborated.
“Are all the vamps in the Council House?”
“The younger ones and the ones I called in to help yes, the older ones have private residences.” 
“Then get them all back, if only one vamp is behind this then they’ll be dead or dangerously depleted. If there’s more than one we need to find out how many, so we need to confirm who has sired recently.” Kayden was snapping orders out now, not caring if he offended Emrys just needing to stop this as soon as he could. “Get all the vamps in the Council House to assemble now and list any that are missing, I want to check everyone before you send them out on patrol. I want to see your patrol routes and I’m going to be out there as well.”
Emrys nodded to Kayden. Emrys should have been threatened by Kayden’s cool assumption of authority, but if anything he looked relieved, simply saying “Do you need to feed first?”
“Yes but we do not know who or what is causing this do you have trusted and protected donors?”
Emrys looked shocked, but Kayden could see the resignation in Nick and Donald’s expressions, they remembered the time in the war when The Council’s blood donors were poisoned by the rebels. To go back to that time was almost sacrilege but Kayden had a feeling it might be needed.
Emrys’ voice faltered as he replied, “No Enforcer, but I will arrange it.”
“Good, we have to take every precaution until we can find the source of this madness, I hope these measures will not be needed but it is best to be prepared.”
Kayden was watching Nick and Donald, he could see the thoughts chasing through their heads, whether it would be best to make their own arrangements or would it just put their own people in danger.
Kayden cut them off quickly, “We don’t know what we are dealing with, it may be something contagious, the rebels were developing bio weapons to use against us and not all of their research was found. I am interdicting this city until we have more information. Emrys please make sure Switzerland is informed.”
Emrys swallowed hard, but he just nodded. Kayden had pulled out the big guns now, sealing off the city was a drastic measure, but he couldn’t risk anything less. For a vampire to sire others until he had exhausted his own store of symbiotes was unheard of and to have more than one doing it…
Emrys was looking at him expectantly, but Kayden didn’t have anything else at the moment. So Nick just waved Emrys away. Kayden sat down and passed his hand over his face, this was more than he’d been prepared for, but Donald was nodding quiet approval, it was left to Nick to try and add a note of levity. “I guess we’re stuck here now then? It’s a bit like old times.”
“Aye, that’s what I’m worried about.”
“You believe there is more to this than a single rogue vampire?” Donald always wanted to be precise about everything.
“Aye Donald,” Kayden sighed, “there are too many fledglings for only one vamp to be siring. What could cause more then one to sire until their symbiotes are depleted?”
“You are right, there must be an external cause, but I have no idea what it could be. Now that you have interdicted the city there is no keeping this quiet, so I will liaise with the archivists and scientists in Zurich and see if we can come up with a cause.”
“Thanks Donald.” Always efficient he left the room immediately to begin working on it.
“That just leaves us then,” said Nick brightly.
“Let’s make a start and see if we can find any depleted vamps.”
They rose together, “What about feeding, do we trust the donors here or do we go old school?”
“Your guess is as good as mine, that’s why I’ve sealed us in, I’m working in the dark here. Is it something they’ve been feeding on? Is it something someone injected them with? Is it something else entirely? Hell someone may have poisoned the clan donors with a bio weapon, or it could be someone has been feeding off outside donors who are infected. I don’t have a bloody clue Nick… To be honest I’m hoping Donald is going to come up with something.”
Nick’s answering smile was strained, “Look, what I know of Emrys is that he tends to make his vamps play by the rules, most eat in, so I reckon our safest option is eating out.”
Without facts it was as good a way of choosing as any, so Kayden nodded his agreement. “Old school it is then! Let’s get these inspections finished first. I’m going to need a second opinion so it looks like you’re it.”
“Come on then, it’s going to be dark in a couple of hours so the older vamps will start patrols soon.”
They strode down the corridors, Kayden let Nick lead the way he’d been here for a few days so was familiar with the house routines. Every big city had a house like this, set up after the war and run by a Council representative it was a safe refuge or a living space for any vamp regardless of house affiliations. 
Everyone was heading toward the central meeting hall. They were lining up and looking up at the raised dais. There were screens showing patrol routes and timings above the dais and the vamps were shuffling around, talking quietly and checking their routes.
Kayden and Nick stepped up to stand next to Emrys. 
Kayden could hear the low murmur of conversation slowly still as the vamps realised who he was. Soon they were standing in silence looking to him to say something.
He thought for a moment debating how much to say. 
“I am Kayden Nal Zurek, The Enforcer, and we have a problem.” The vamps were looking at him quietly attentive, he had addressed many meetings like this during the war and he knew they wanted reassurance and guidance. “Someone is turning humans into vamps, you know this. But they are doing it to a level where their own symbiotes are dangerously depleted.” He looked around there was no tell-tale shuffling of feet or sidelong glances which indicated that anyone knew anything. So he continued, “I am relying on you, I need you to do your patrols, to watch over the humans, but I also need you to be vigilant with our own kind. We need to know if anyone is acting strangely, behaving oddly or someone new is in the area and not reporting into the main house. 
“For now the city is interdicted no one should arrive and no one should leave. If you see anyone new or someone disappears, report it immediately. 
“I will be out there too so if you see anything, contact the House and they will tell me.”
Kayden paused for emphasis, “We don’t yet know the cause of this – So let’s all be careful out there!”
He turned away from the crowd, “Emrys, is everyone here?”
“Mostly, there are a few we’ve not been able to reach yet, but after you’ve done the inspection I’m going to have two of my best go searching.”
Kayden nodded in approval, hopefully the missing vamps would be the answer to the mystery. But for now he needed to get this over and done with, so he stood by the door with Nick as Emrys gestured for one vamp to come forward first. He was a thin wiry youngster who was carrying a clipboard. They gave him the once over and nodded at Emrys who stationed him on the dais. That was all Kayden remembered, the next half hour was a blur of one vamp after another as they passed by on their way out but neither he nor Nick picked up anything unusual. 
After what seemed like an eternity the room was empty, just the five of them on the dais. He caught Nick’s eye and shook his head, Nick did the same; they really had found nothing.
The scrawny vamp was scanning his clipboard. “There are ten unaccounted for plus Carwyn and Peter that we’ve not been able to contact yet.”
“Ok.” Emrys said, “Work on getting in touch with them as fast as you can!”
The vamp hurried away to his office. “So it looks like the answer is on that list then?”
“I hope so otherwise I’m out of ideas.” Emrys looked shocked at Kayden’s frank admission, but Kayden knew he didn’t have enough answers to go on pretending for long. “I’m hoping we turn up something tonight.”
Emrys nodded and stood a little straighter before saying “We’re coordinating from the main office, I’ll make sure you’re told if we spot anything. I assume you’re going to be doing a roving patrol?”
“Yea.” Kayden didn’t elaborate, he was just going to go with his gut and hope.
“I think I’ll go out tonight as well, I feel like I need to get out in the fresh air after that last nest.” Kayden nodded at Nick and they walked out together. 
“You want to go it alone don’t you?” Nick asked as soon as they were out of earshot.
“Aye I’m not even sure what I’m looking for, I just hope I recognise it when I see it.”
“I don’t mind admitting I’m worried, so let’s go feed first and then I’ll let The Enforcer go do his thing.”
Kayden smiled at Nick, he was a good friend though they didn’t spend enough time in each other’s company these days. “Sure.”
They walked into town, with their long hair and long swirling coats, they made an imposing pair, luckily they were both good looking so finding willing donors wasn’t going to be difficult. It was early, bars weren’t going to be a good hunting ground, so they headed for the nearest Starbucks.
The place was packed with people in business suits, it was nearly six and the offices were emptying. They went in and their heightened senses were momentarily overwhelmed. There were the sharp smells of coffee, the sickly synthetic smells of perfume and the buzz of conversations; brash demanding tones from the men and high pitched twittering from the women interspersed with the screams of the coffee machines. They scanned the room like the predators they were and they spotted two young women in the queue, barely out of their teens and not really comfortable in the world of work. They wore slightly too much make-up, skirts that were slightly too short and heels that were slightly too high, desperate to impress.
Kayden strode up to them with Nick at his side, their easy air of confidence was already having an effect, he heard the dark haired one whisper “The blonde one’s proper lush.”
“It’s the dark one I like, but they’re never going to look at us are they? They’re tidy.” Nick smiled, he had heard them too so this would be easy.
By the time they’d reached the end of the line Nick had paid for four coffees and they were strolling arm in arm out of the shop.
Kayden guided the girl to a bench in the middle of the passing crowds. He was only pretending to drink the coffee. Oh he could drink it if he had to, he was old enough, but his digestive system was optimised for blood and mostly it just wasn’t worth it.
He was stroking the inside of the girls wrist, an erotic gesture he had practised over the centuries and touching her skin meant he could use his symbiotes to hypnotise her. He couldn’t make her do something against her nature but he could lower her inhibitions and make the experience hazy so she’d not remember him.
Soon she was giggling and arching her neck pleading for him to kiss her. He was struck by how innocent she was and how easily he could take advantage if he chose. He could see that even his gentle touches were making her nipples harden, showing prominently through her thin top and his enhanced senses could smell her arousal. She was pressing closer to him, sliding her leg over his thigh so he slipped his arm around her shoulders and she leaned against him. 
He turned toward her, running a gentle hand over the bare skin of her leg so that she shivered and lifted her chin toward him for his kiss. Kayden felt her lips open beneath his and he tasted the coffee on her tongue as she thrust it greedily into his mouth wanting more from him than he was prepared to give.
He pulled back and trailed soft kisses down her neck until he could feel the pulse fluttering under his lips. His long hair and encircling arm were shielding her from the gaze of the passers by so he sank his fangs into her neck.
Her blood tasted as sweet and innocent as he thought it would and he felt it slipping down his throat renewing his symbiotes. She was pressing herself against him, needing relief from the desire building within her, her hand came forward and slid up his leg seeking his manhood. He was feeling it too, feeding this way was intensely erotic and his cock was straining inside his trousers, for a moment he pushed against her hand, but he didn’t want to take advantage. He simply pulled the blood from her neck strongly and roughly taking from her as quickly as possible. He was feeling her arousal increase with each pull; from her reactions he could just as easily have been licking her pussy and she soon began to stiffen in his arms.
He pulled his fangs from her neck and quickly licked the wounds trusting the symbiotes to heal the damage and he was in time to kiss her and muffle the sounds of the orgasm that ripped through her. 
He held her until her shudders subsided, if he’d had more time he would have liked to take his own release, but he didn’t want to do that in the middle of the street while she was unaware. 
He looked around the busy street, it took him a while to find Nick, but he was coming out from behind one of the shops with his arm around the other girl, she was looking flushed and dazed and he guessed that Nick had been unable to resist taking her body as well as her blood.
Nick guided the girl to the bench and he and Kayden slipped away, leaving them to come out of their trance together. Kayden paused before they’d gone out of sight, making sure they were fully awake and safe to go home, maybe he was getting soft in his old age but he preferred his feedings to be consensual.
It was time to get to work, Nick had already nodded to him and melted into the crowd so it was time for him to decide what he was going to do. 
He decided that he would put off deciding and simply watch, so he went into a deserted back street and leaped with all his enhanced strength. He landed on the rooftop and opened his senses so that he could feel the humans scurrying through the city and the vamps patrolling. 
He walked around up there alone and unobserved by the humans below. All seemed normal, the families went home, single people and couples went to pubs and clubs, all seemed as it should be – and then he smelled it. The same sweet heady smell he had smelled in London all those years ago.
He followed his nose, he was in control this time, his blood-lust fully sated, the smell just reached out to his other senses making his heart pound and his cock throb. But he jumped over the roofs heading toward the Hayes. He stood on the roof of David Morgan and watched the people passing below, trying to find the source of the scent.
He thought it was coming from a woman, even with the rich spicy undertones the scent smelled feminine to him. He looked down at the mass of people, scanning for women who could be the source but he couldn’t be sure from up here so he jumped into a back street.
He dashed back to the Hayes where he picked up the scent heading past the library. Kayden wasn’t the only vamp following her, one of the patrols was ahead of him so he moved faster to catch up. For some reason that he didn’t have time to think about at the moment, he didn’t want them catching up with her before he did.
He was still catching up when they followed her onto the path through the churchyard. He could see they were hunting now and not patrolling, pursuing their quarry until they could find a suitable spot to strike. He wanted to stop them, but if they were rogues he would need proof, so he took a risk and he leapt to the library roof, hoping no one would see him, but at least up there he could get a good view. 
He spotted the woman first, she was deliciously curvy, her figure fuller than was fashionable these days and she had a mane of glorious copper blonde hair which fell in thick waves all the way down to her waist. Even without the scent that was speaking directly to his libido he would have found her desirable. Everything inside him screamed to save the damsel, but he forced himself to wait, needing the proof. 
Before he’d realised, they were about to strike, they had her trapped and he needed to rescue her before it was too late, but if he was going to stay out of sight he wasn’t going to be able to reach her in time. Heedless of the danger and the humans around him, he launched himself from the roof and flew down to the path his long coat streaming out behind him. As he flew he didn’t take his eyes off the tableaux, he saw her eyes flash with a brilliant golden light and the two vamps fell back.
She walked off calmly leaving the two stunned vamps to meet him as he landed.
When he landed he was off balance and he had to sink to one knee bracing himself with his hand on the ground. He was just coming to his feet when the two vamps shook themselves and, to his shock, rushed at him with their fangs out. 
He was fighting for his life and he couldn’t explain it. Kayden remembered these vamps from the inspection at the Council House, they’d been perfectly normal, but now it seemed their symbiotes weren’t there!
It must have been the flash of light, but he couldn’t think about that now. They were both charging him, so all he could do was duck and roll out of the way of their flailing arms. 
Now that he had breathing space he reached into his coat and pulled out his longsword, ready to put them down. 
Kayden circled with a balletic grace, looking for an opportunity to end this quickly before any humans spotted him. He was relieved when one charged and he could slice into his stomach with the heavy old blade, bringing him to his knees so that he could swing the sword around again and slice through his neck. 
Unfortunately that had given the other a chance to come up behind him and wrap his arms around Kayden, who realised with shock that he was trying to drink from him. Such a thing was unheard of and no vamp in his right mind would try it, but this one clearly wasn’t in its right mind.
Kayden reached over his shoulder and pulled at the vamp with all his strength, the vamp flew over his head and landed spread eagled on the floor. Kayden wasted no time and took its head clean off.
He looked around relieved that they had at least vaporised. 
He put his sword away quickly and it was none too soon as an orange Lycra clad cyclist came round the corner. He was lucky he’d not been seen.
Now all he had to do was find the Titian haired beauty who had caused all this.

Elly was walking home, she loved Cardiff at night although her friends thought she was mad for taking risks, didn’t she know she could be attacked? Well yes she did, but most of the people who approached her were nice and the ones like she met in the church always left her alone when she wanted them to.
Now she was wondering whether she should go for a walk in the park, she always felt better spending time around the trees and she needed cheering up. The night was young and she had plenty of time to decide, but then a bicycle pulled up next to her and she was accosted by the cyclist.
“Where do you think you’re going, we haven’t finished yet!”
“What? Whoa!” He was advancing on her and Elly found she had backed into the railings, “I thought I made myself clear in the pub – I don’t want to spend any more time with you!”
“You owe me for that drink.”
“I don’t owe you a thing!”
He ignored her and tried to snake his arm around her waist to pull her in for a kiss but luckily he was hampered by his bicycle. Before she could push him away Kayden arrived.
“Can I help you?” he asked looking directly at her. 
He felt a bit like the people in the church yard and she was momentarily scared. She thought he’d flinched but she must have been mistaken because when she looked again he was standing there completely confident and completely drop dead gorgeous.
Her mouth dropped open, his dark hair was pulled back from his face, but it only served to accentuate his high cheek bones and piercing eyes. She kept looking at his mouth, for some reason she couldn’t fathom, she wanted to find out what he tasted like. Suddenly nervous, she swallowed, “Erm… Thanks. Err… Steve was just about to leave – I think.”
Elly couldn’t work out why her grasp of language had suddenly deserted her but he took her breath away and what’s more he seemed to know it. His smile broadened and she forgot all about Steve until the handsome stranger turned to him and raising an eyebrow he said, “I think she wants you to go mate.”
He was quite mild, but there was something implacable about him and she knew he wasn’t going to take no for an answer.
“'S none of your business, she’s my date.” Steve whined and he moved his bicycle in front of Elly, a classic display of testosterone fuelled aggression. The tall dark stranger wasn’t in the slightest bit bothered, he just stepped to one side and held out his hand to Elly. She took it, stepping around the bicycle as she did so. 
She was focussed on her hand in his. She’d never considered herself small but her hand felt enveloped by him and electric currents were shooting through her. She looked up at him and he smiled, she could tell he was feeling it too and it made her smile back at him. The world faded for a moment and she honestly didn’t know how long they spent looking into each others eyes. 
She’d completely forgotten about Steve, heck she only remembered how to breathe when her saviour said “Can I get you a drink?”
She was just about to say “Sure” when she saw the bicycle crash into the back of his head. He didn’t react, he just turned with exaggerated slowness as though he was keeping himself firmly in check and stared at Steve. She could only see the back of his head so she didn’t know why Steve suddenly turned tail and ran leaving his bent and battered bicycle on the pavement.
“Oh my god are you alright?”
“Yea, I’m fine.”
“But the bike…” She trailed off not really knowing what to say, it was indeed bent and battered but he seemed fine, he’d not even blinked when it crashed over his head.
He picked up the bike and put it tidily next to the railings, clearly misunderstanding her concern, but she forgot all about it when he smiled at her, “What about that drink?”
She couldn’t refuse, “Sure.”
“I’m new here, where do you recommend?” 
“Well there is the wine bar round the corner, but if you want a pub they’re a bit crowded in the centre and the beer’s not very good.”
“The wine bar it is then, you want to lead the way?”
She bounced down the road, suddenly feeling all was right in the world though she couldn’t say why.
“I’m Elly… Elly Gilbert… thanks for the rescue… I knew I shouldn’t have met with someone from Tinder.”
He kept up easily, smiling at her infectious silliness and letting it wash over him, well it was either that or he didn’t know what she was talking about. “I met him for the first time after work tonight… He only went and decided that I had to sleep with him ’cos he’d bought me a drink. How arrogant is that? He stank too, I don’t mind him being green and cycling, but you think he'd use deodorant or something! And orange Lycra… Does anyone look good in that? Fancy wearing it on a date…”
They’d reached the bar and had sat down outside, Elly took a breath and Kayden sized the moment to get a word in, “In that case I’d better promise now that if I buy you a drink all I expect in return is to enjoy your conversation.”
She smiled, and he looked like she felt; as though suddenly the world was perfect, “Don’t be silly, I didn’t mean I’d want to stop you!” She blushed as she realised what she’d implied, but she carried on with aplomb “But in case you’re worried, I'd better buy this round.”
When the waitress arrived she didn’t stop talking she just pointed to the menu, she knew she was babbling but she shouldn’t stop herself, it was something she did when she was nervous and excited. She was delighted when he didn’t take his eyes off her and did the same, though for some reason she felt jealous when he briefly made eye contact with the waitress and mouthed “Thanks,” but he turned back to her, his attention completely focussed again. She felt like a queen, but, “Hay I’ve just realised that I don’t even know who my saviour is!”
She paused taking a sip of her wine.
“Kayden Nal Zurek at your service.”
“Oh that sounds mysterious and foreign.”
He laughed, “Not really, it’s more of a job title than a name these days.”
“What do you mean?”
“The Nal bit means I’m head of the family and have to run the family business.”
“What do you do then? Boring stuff, finance, oil? Or is it stuff you can’t talk about like drugs?”
He smiled, for some reason she thought he was making up an acceptable lie, “It’s one of the boring ones, European trade and a bit of politics.”
“Are you one of the big companies I’ll have heard of or should I try and pretend?”
His smile was infectious, she wasn’t really interested in politics or trade but she wanted to keep him talking if only so that she could keep looking at him. His lips were fascinating, well shaped and full, she wanted to find out what his kisses were like and she could barely remember that she ought to meet his eyes occasionally if she didn’t want him to think she was weird. But when she did look up that was worse, she’d meet his eyes and she felt as though she could get lost in their blue depths. She knew that was why she was talking too much, if she stopped she would just sit there drooling at him.
He looked so calm and confident, leaning back in the chair with his legs outstretched, he looked like he was wearing custom leathers too, which was insanely cool, but no one could ride a bike in a coat like that so he must be doing it for effect. She liked that he had a sense of style and didn’t settle for boring suits. It suited him and with his long black hair the only spots of colour were his eyes and the geometric pattern on his shirt. 
She sighed, he was taking small sips of his wine and watching her while he talked quietly, telling her about his work. She hoped he was feeling the same way she was, but then she had a moment of uncertainty, her bubbly personality and multicoloured clothes were a complete contrast to his cool, monochrome look. She even wondered if she was too fat for him, she had a perfect figure for the 1950s but there was no way she could be as stick thin as modem taste demanded and he obviously worked out, she could practically see the muscles rippling under his clothes so maybe he was just being polite. 
She kept second guessing herself, but somehow she believed he was feeling the same insane attraction she was. All she could think of was how nice it would be to press up against him and feel his lips on hers.
Even her thoughts were repeating themselves now and she dragged her attention back to his conversation, “It’s just an old family firm, we don’t do anything spectacular enough to be famous, we’ve just been around for a while.”
“So do you get to do lots of travelling then?”
“Yea, I have to go all over Europe, it’s a bit of a nuisance. I prefer spending my time in the country… But sometimes it has its compensations.” The way he looked at her from under heavy lidded eyes left her in no doubt what he thought the compensations were and she nearly forgot to breathe.
“I wanted to go travelling too, that’s why I joined the architects, they said there’d be travel, and there aren’t many jobs where illustrators get to travel but all I’ve managed so far are a few trips to London.” Why did his eyebrow raise fractionally? It was as if he were piecing something together, but that couldn’t be right. “It’s not like I expected, I wanted to do drawings for new innovative buildings but it’s just more of the same square concrete offices. I keep thinking of leaving, I don’t really fit in with all their business suits. I love going to new places and walking about, you know, seeing new things, but they think I should enjoy building sites.”
“I don’t suppose you’d fancy taking me for a walk so I can see the sights too?”
Did he always say the right things? She’d been afraid she’d embarrass herself if she had to sit here much longer, she’d finished her wine and had been starting to fidget. She was also wondering if it was polite to reach forward to hold his hand and now she had an excuse.
Unfortunately his phone went off, he picked it up, stared at it and mouthed “Business, sorry.”

Nick had been sitting on the rooftop watching Kayden for an hour and he hadn’t moved from the wine bar. Something was wrong, he seemed completely mesmerised by the curvy redhead. If anyone was a detached professional it was Kayden, so what was he doing sipping wine and pretending to be a human.
Two of Emrys’ vamps hadn’t reported in and they were last seen here, Nick had come to take a look but it was quiet, the only anomaly was Kayden himself.
Eventually he decided to send him a text and see what happened. Quick as a flash Kayden responded.
“I’m onto something. I’m sure she has something to do with all of this but I’ve never seen anything like it before. 
I saw her flash her eyes at Emrys’ vamps. I have no idea what it was she did but it killed their symbiotes and turned them feral. 
I had to put them down, tell Emrys sorry. 
Keep everyone away from her I don’t want to risk it again. 
Can you get Donald to look into flashing eyes?”
Nick smiled, Kay could type and use a computer, but he’d never got the hang of text speak, perhaps it was because he was so old. 
Sometimes even he had difficulty realising how old Kay was.
Nick had been born in the Renaissance when learning about new scientific discoveries was the norm. But Kay was so much older, he’d probably been on the crusades or something when he’d met his sire, the old Nal Zurek. 
Nick shrugged and texted Donald, speculating about Kay’s age was fruitless, he wasn’t planning on challenging him any time soon, he liked him, but if he was affected like the others how many would it take to subdue him?
But there was nothing he could do at the moment, he needed to let Kayden play his hand. He’d done as Kay had asked, but he was glad he wasn’t going to be there to see Emrys when he had the news about his vamps. 
There was something that didn’t sit right about this though, it was as though Kay wasn’t quite himself. If he had to guess, Nick would have said the woman had something to do with it. He’d been watching the whole time and mostly Kayden had looked normal but sometimes it looked as though he were in a trance. 
Nick had a bad feeling about it. He didn’t want Kay to know he was still watching, so he couldn’t go any closer or Kay would sense him, but nevertheless he was going to keep an eye on his friend.
Chapter 2
~ The Zuleika ~
Nick’s text had brought reality crashing back in on Kayden. He checked his phone to see how much time had passed and discovered it must have been nearly two hours. Whatever it was that she was doing to make that smell, it was much more potent than he’d realised.
He needed to stop thinking with his hormones and get some information out of her, walking her home should let them get somewhere quiet so that he could ask questions.
“You up for a little rule breaking?” Kayden wondered what she had in mind, “If you can give me a boost over the wall we can go through the park. I love it at night, but we’re not really supposed to.”
That might just be the answer, the park was big enough and deserted enough to suit his purposes so he grinned his assent. 
She stood and held out her hand to him, he paused for a moment adjusting his clothes, before taking her hand. He couldn’t help the smile that came unbidden with just the touch of her skin. It took all his years of self control to remember that he shouldn’t be thinking of how much he wanted to kiss her, but as soon as he thought that, he realised that he wanted more, he wanted to feel her naked against him and he could feel his cock throb in agreement.
She was pulling him along, eager to get to the park and for once she was silent, Kayden supposed she talked so much because she was nervous, but he found it endearing. 
He tried to think of the last time anyone had talked to him like that but he couldn’t remember. Most of the women he met knew he was the Nal Zurek and practised politics around him, which probably explains why he’d not been with anyone since Leonora.
They walked past the castle, well Kayden walked, Elly was literally bouncing, as soon as her feet touched the grass she began to run around Kayden, skipping and pulling at his hand, making him spin round in circles to keep up.
Eventually he couldn’t help it, he started laughing, “There, I knew you could do it, I’ve been dying to make you laugh all night.”
“I’d forgotten how good it feels to be treated normally. Everyone else seems to grovel to me because I’m the Nal Zurek.” Kayden surprised himself with the admission, oh there was no doubt it was true, but he hadn’t realised how much it bothered him to be immersed in a world where everyone wore a political mask.
They’d arrived at the park gates and Kayden realised there would be a problem, the gates were in a solid stone wall which was about six feet high. It wouldn’t be a problem for him to leap the walls, the problem would be maintaining the pretence that he was a human.
Luckily it didn’t come to that, Elly just asked for a boost and she scrambled over the wall on her own, Kayden wasn’t sure whether he was pleased that she’d not needed his help or disappointed that he couldn’t hold her longer.
He checked for passers by, leapt to the top of the wall and slipped over easily. He jumped lightly down to the path and she was waiting for him. She slipped her arm under his coat and snuggled against him, her head rested on his shoulder and he put his arm around her automatically. She felt so good against him that if he were prone to flights of fancy he would swear she’d been designed just to fit there.
He was careful, he wanted to bury his head in her hair and inhale the sweet scent that was driving him to distraction, but he forced himself to resist. He forced himself deep into the icy shell of The Enforcer, wanting to get some answers before he lost himself completely.
They went to the ruins of the friary and sat on one of the walls, Kayden centred himself, before looking down at her and beginning.
“Elly, I need to ask you something.”
She turned and looked up at him. His resolve crumbled as her big green eyes looked up at him. All he could think was how good it would be to kiss her and his cock was suddenly straining, attempting to burst through his clothes, seeking her touch. 
She tilted her head upwards and her lips brushed his. He couldn’t help himself, he swooped ruthlessly down on her and took her mouth. Her lips parted and her tongue danced with his. He could feel raw need coming from her matching and inflaming his own desires. His hands ached to touch her, to see if he could make her melt against him, but he forced himself to pull away. 
He looked down at her, her lips were already swollen from his kisses and her eyes were wide with desire. He deliberately forced himself not to look for any more evidence, he was having a hard enough time staying in control as it was. He could feel his own arousal throbbing inside his trousers and he knew he was barely keeping it together.
“Wow!”
“Yea, that sums it up I think,” he could hear his own voice was deeper and more ragged than he was used to, but he couldn’t help smiling at her pleasure and she moved toward him to kiss him again. 
He wasn’t sure how he did it, but he managed to hold her off, despite his body’s protests. 
He closed his eyes briefly as he fought for control. “Elly, please, I’d rather be kissing you, but this is important, I need to find out what happened to the men in the churchyard.”
“W-What do you mean?” She was looking at him seriously and he didn’t think she was being deliberately evasive, though he was truthful enough to admit to himself that might just be what he wanted to think.
“When you walked through the churchyard two men came up to you.”
She interrupted, “Oh you mean the ’bad men’?”
“Bad men?”
“Yea, that’s what my dad used to call them, he said not to let them get too close or they could hurt me, but he said they’d always go away if I was scared tho.”
Kayden was feeling his way carefully now, “Does your father say why this happens?”
She sighed, “I don’t know, he might have done, I didn’t really understand what he was saying I was only eight when he died. I wish I could ask him as there seem to be more ‘bad men’ these days and I sometimes wonder if they’re looking for me.”
Kayden had the sudden feeling he was suspended over nothingness and inching his way along a thin rope. Nothing in all his years as an enforcer had prepared him for this. How was he going to explain vampires to her and then tell her he was one?
“What do you feel about me? Do I feel like a ‘bad man’?”
She giggled and pulled his head down and kissed him deeply pressing against him as much as she could. It was Elly who broke the kiss this time, Kayden was still fighting to control his body’s impulses, “I’d say you felt like a very good man.”
Unable to help himself he rested his forehead against her, fighting to keep his breathing minimal. He could smell her exotic spicy scent all around him and he knew that if he gave into it now he would be lost.
“Think back for me please,” he whispered, unable to trust his own voice, “when I came out of the churchyard, what did you feel then?”
“Actually, I did think for a minute you were one of them.” He felt her stiffen in his arms.
“Shhhh! It’s ok, I’m not going to hurt you.” He caressed her gently hoping he could help her calm.
“But…” She looked up at him, she was unsure and starting to panic and he could see the glint of gold in her eyes. He brushed her lips with his and felt her relax against him and the gold dimmed but she was still hesitant, “You do sort of feel like one.”
“I know.” He was expecting her to leap from his arms any minute now and turn those beautiful flashing eyes on him and that would probably be the last thing he’d ever remember but he continued calmly. “That’s because I am one of them.”
She twisted trying to pull away, but he pleaded. “Hear me out please Elly, I haven’t hurt you yet and I’m not going to. All I want is for you to listen… Please…”
He could have held her and forced her to listen but he wanted her to trust him. It was probably the effect of her scent, but he opted to let her go. She stood up but she didn’t run away, she just turned back and stared at him. After what seemed like an eternity she sat back down next to him.
She was obviously scared but she wasn’t going anywhere yet. “You could have hurt me already but you didn’t and you don’t feel exactly like the others. If you can help explain this… Well I’d like to find out.”
He wanted to kiss the frown off her face but she needed to make sense of this on her own or she’d never trust him. He felt like he was dealing with a trapped wild animal and one false move could easily kill him.
“The reason I don’t feel like the others is because they’re just babies in my world.” He decided he’d better come out with at least some of the truth, “We were all like you once, but now we carry symbiotes in our blood. They make us stronger and faster than humans, but they have some downsides. When we are young we have to avoid sunlight and we need…” He paused, searching for the right words “A specialist diet to keep our symbiotes strong.” she was looking at him open mouthed unable to find anything to say.
He kept going, knowing that as long as he was talking she wasn’t running away. “That’s the family business I was talking about, maybe we are bit more exciting than your average company and we’ve definitely been going longer. That’s the other thing our symbiotes do, they keep us alive longer than humans.”
He paused as she looked like she was about to say something. “How old are you?”
He grimaced, “That’s probably not important.” She raised an eyebrow, her curiosity momentarily overcoming her doubt. Kayden sighed, he hated questions about his age, “I’m not really sure how old I am but my father signed the Magna Carta.”
“No way!” He just shrugged and she continued, “That’s ancient!”
“I am one of the oldest of our kind.”
Her curiosity was winning now and she scooted back next to him. He couldn’t help himself he settled her back in the crook of his arm, needing to feel her close. He dropped a kiss on her hair and she sighed in contentment.
“I need you to tell me what you did to those men in the churchyard.” He was trying to be gentle. He knew he’d have to tell her the truth eventually, he was just hoping to lead up to it slowly.
“But I only asked them to keep away.”
“I was watching you beautiful, and I saw your eyes flash at them. By the time I got there you’d left and I went to talk to them. Elly, that light from your eyes killed the symbiotes inside them.”
“Oh no are they ok?”
Kayden sighed, “It’s complicated, but no they’re not alright, which is why I need to know what you did.”
“But really, I didn’t do anything.”
“I saw your eyes flash gold and when you thought of me as a bad man I saw your eyes start going gold again.”
“I don’t know, I was just scared.” She looked up at him confusion plain on her face, “Look I’m not trying to be difficult. I know something happens when I’m scared but I don’t know what it is. I think dad was going to talk to me about it but then he died in the crash.”
“It’s ok we’ll figure it out.” Kayden felt he was more in control now, maybe she didn’t produce her alluring scent when she was sad? He was only guessing about that but he did know he didn’t want her to be sad. He kissed her lightly, wanting to reassure her with more than his words.
“Tell me what happened to those two,” she said quietly. 
Kayden shook his head, he wanted to protect her as long as possible.
“Please, I need to know.”
He shifted uncomfortably, if he told her the truth, she would know him for the dangerous killer he was. He bent toward her slowly, needing to kiss her once more before she decided he was truly a bad man.
They lost themselves in the kiss. Kayden didn’t want to stop, all he could think about was holding her and keeping her safe from the bad men and from the truth about himself. Eventually they parted, Kayden composed himself and she looked up at him, asking without words for the answer. Kayden took a deep breath before saying.
“Ok, I told you we have symbiotes that keep us healthy,” she nodded, “well that flashing light killed their symbiotes so their bodies began dying. But any remaining symbiotes still want to survive, so they seek food and a new host, but the brain dies first so their old host is mindless and it knows nothing of restraint or control. I reached them a few seconds after you left but they had already lost their minds. When they tried to feed off me I had to put them down before any humans got hurt.”
“You mean you killed them didn’t you?”
“Yes and I’m sorry but they aren’t the first I’ve killed today. That’s why I’m here. I’m supposed to stop any more people being hurt.”
Kayden wrapped her in his arms because she was crying. It wasn’t the reaction he’d expected, he’d thought she was going to be revolted by him but instead she was worrying about the people he’d had to kill.
She sniffled, for some reason Kayden found the gesture adorable and he couldn’t help but smile. Perhaps he was being affected by her scent again but all he could think of was how precious she was and how much he wanted to protect her.
“I killed them didn’t I?” She said quietly.
“Honestly, I don’t know what happened,” he said truthfully, but he was holding her close wanting to reassure her, “I’ve never heard of anyone like you.”
She swallowed hard and looked up at him tears glistening in her eyes, “I understand what you have to do, but can you make it quick please?”
“What?”
“Well I’ve killed your people, so aren’t you going to kill me, or lock me up or something?” she said calmly.
“No! I am not going to kill you!” Kayden was so shocked he was almost shouting but he could tell she didn’t believe him. She was tensing up again and he didn’t want to risk her eyes turning gold, so he did the only thing he could think of and kissed her. The kiss was hard and searing, he was trying to pour his soul into it to convince her he wasn’t lying.
For a moment he doubted he was reaching her, then her lips parted and she suddenly melted against him. He groaned into her mouth and all he could think of was how good she felt against him. He wanted more, he wanted her, but he needed to stay grounded. He was fighting to remember that but she was driving him wild. When her arms slid around him, even through his armour he could feel every small movement of her hands against his back. He was pulling her close too, stroking her, running his hands over her soft curves and encouraging her to melt against him without thinking about it. It took a supreme effort of will but eventually he remembered that he was supposed to be in control.
They broke apart and looked deep into each other’s eyes, his cool blue met her fiery green and he could feel the electricity between them. His voice was ragged and it was all he could do not to press himself against her. He could feel the bulge in his trousers aching for her touch but if she touched him there he’d be lost. “I’m not going to kill you.” He said unsteadily.
She smiled seductively and he could smell her desire even in the midst of the cloud of sweet and spicy scent that rose from her. 
“Honestly, I didn’t know that happened. I just knew the bad men went away. I don’t want to hurt anyone. Please tell me why is this happening?”
“I don’t know Elly, but I will find out.”
Suddenly she started to wriggle from his grasp. He didn’t want to restrain her but he was afraid she’d hurt herself, “Elly, what’s the matter?”
She had wriggled free and was starting to back away but she paused to answer him “I’ve just realised it could happen to you too. I have to get away from you.”
“Elly stop! Stay with me.”
She looked like a frightened child, “I don’t want to hurt you.”
He tried to stay as calm as he could, it was difficult when all he could think of was using his superior strength and speed to stop her leaving but he said calmly, “I trust you and I know you don’t want to hurt me. Come back and we can figure this out.” He held out his hand.
Hesitantly she took hold of it.
That’s when he sensed them, there were two young vamps coming across the park and they were hunting. Kayden cursed under his breath.
“Elly, listen to me, can you feel that?”
She shook her head.
“There are two ‘bad men’ coming. Please don’t be scared, I can deal with them but I need you to be careful with the golden flashy thing, I don’t want to get caught by accident. Can you do that for me?”
She shivered and pressed closer to him “I can feel them now... dad said I mustn’t let them get close.”
“I won’t let them get close.”
She was starting to breathe rapidly and he could feel her fear “Shhh!” he said rubbing his hand over her back to soothe her at the same time as stretching his senses toward the vamps. 
They should have sensed him by now but if they had they were ignoring him. He frowned, hoping they were hunting a different human but he doubted it as she was the only one he could sense in the park. 
“Just stay here, it’ll be ok I promise.”
“Please be careful,” she whispered, “they’re the bad men!”
He laughed briefly, “I really have got this. I told you I’m head of the business.”
She still didn’t look convinced but she tried to smile. 
“Just stay here, I’ll be back.” Kayden said as he strode off toward the vamps. This really should be easy, no baby vamp would risk hunting the Nal Zurek’s woman, much less The Enforcer’s. Before he could think about when he’d started thinking of her as his woman he had reached them.
“Hold!” He ordered.
They didn’t pay any attention, they were just walking forward, dead eyed and following their noses oblivious to anything else.
Kayden stepped in front of one of them, who didn’t seem to notice, he just tried to push past him. He pushed back but the vamp was still in a trance intent on reaching Elly and Kayden realised that he’d have to take this more seriously. 
Luckily his senses were on the alert because the other vamp swung at him without warning. 
He dropped to the ground in a crouch. The vamp was unskilled and the momentum of his punch carried him off balance when Kayden wasn’t where he’d expected him to be. Kayden took advantage and scythed his legs bringing the vamp down to the ground next to him. The vamp landed so that Kay heard the thump. Kayden rose to his knees and let loose a pile driver of a punch that would have crushed a human skull into a myriad pieces but the vamp just slipped into unconsciousness.
The other vamp had carried on walking while he was distracted, still heading for Elly. Kayden ran at full speed and grabbed the vamp from behind. It managed to slip out of his grasp and it turned and hissed at Kayden. 
He was shocked, there was no way a vamp that young should have dared to challenge him like that. A hiss was something a vampire would only do as deliberate provocation or when his instincts were completely in control. Kayden didn’t have time to ponder about it now, the vamp was lunging at him and he barely had time to feint to one side so that he could avoid the flailing arms and get the vamp in a headlock.
He made a quick twist, there was a sickening crunch, and the vamp collapsed to the floor. Oh he hadn’t killed him, but he had broken his neck, so it would take him some time to recover.
He ran back to the friary.
Elly wasn’t there!
“Elly!” He cried loudly into the night, hoping against hope that she was hidden somewhere nearby and that he’d see her smiling eyes again. “Elly!”

Nick watched Kayden and the girl from the castle wall, he wanted to stay outside Kay’s sense range but that was too far away to hear anything they said so he could only watch the silent tableaux. He wasn’t entirely sure if he should stay, a part of him was sure there was something wrong with Kay but he felt like a voyeur watching them snogging and he knew that this was going to be a very long night.
He had just begun wondering if Kayden was really there for the sex when they stopped kissing and started talking. He was impatiently wondering whether he could get closer to listen in when the wind changed and he smelled something. 
It was just a faint tendril which dissipated almost as soon as it arrived but it affected him and, without realising, he’d started to move forward, his cock throbbing and his fangs descending. He wasn’t sure what it was but he knew instinctively that it came from the woman and that if he hadn’t fed earlier he’d have been unable to resist at all.
Maybe that’s why Kay was so enraptured?
Nick was grudgingly impressed when he saw Kayden focus and begin the conversation again. If a brief exposure had this much effect on him he wasn’t sure how Kay was still coherent.
Nick kept watch as they talked not daring to get any closer. 
He’d sensed the three approaching vamps before Kay but there was nothing he could do without giving himself away. He was shocked when Kay had to fight them, they should have respected his superior status even if they didn’t recognise him. 
He observed the fight critically, unwilling to give himself away and admit he had been spying on his friend. Kay was his usual efficient self but, as he watched, he realised Kay hadn’t noticed the third vamp. They all seemed to be converging on the girl but this one had come from the opposite side of the park. He supposed they’d also been caught up in her scent but he’d worry about that later. Now he needed to help Kay.
The girl was running away in panic and he briefly wondered about stopping her but decided it was more important for him to stop the other vamp. It didn’t take long now the girl had gone, the vamp was already coming out from her influence and it was easy for Nick to hit him from behind with the hilt of his sword and he crumpled to the floor as the others had done.
He left them where they were and walked slowly towards Kay, there were several hours left before dawn and he could get them rescued later. He could hear Kayden calling and calling for the girl and he realised he’d have to admit to spying on his friend, but if that’s what it took to save Kayden from himself he’d do it.
“Kay.”
“Nick, what are you doing here?” Kayden frowned in confusion.
“Taking out the one you missed.” He said pointing in the direction he’d just come from. Kayden didn’t seem interested, he was too busy looking around frantically.
“Where’s Elly?” If he were anyone else Nick would have said he was panicking and gabbling. “… I left her here, she said she’d wait!”
“She ran off when you started fighting.”
Kayden didn’t wait for Nick to finish he just ran off after her. Nick sighed and started to clean up, collecting the downed vamps into a heap and calling Emrys to collect them. 
After the excitement was over he sat down and waited for Kay.

Kayden could smell her scent heading toward Canton. He took off at a flat out run hoping he could overtake her before she left the park but she had too much of a head start. He hurdled the park gate without breaking stride and followed.
He was literally following his nose, running as fast as he could through the streets. He passed down identical rows of stone terraced houses until he came to street of shops. He had to slow then because there were still humans about, but he would have slowed anyway, there were too many smells and he was loosing the trail in the midst of the takeaways and car fumes.
He followed the trail slowly and steadily until he lost it completely in the car park at the back of a Chinese restaurant. He lent against a wall cursing. The smells of Chinese cooking were swirling around again and he punched the wall needing to vent his frustration. The wall crumbled but he still couldn’t tell where she went. He moved as cautiously as he could, scanning the perimeter of the car park, trying not to move the air, but he couldn’t detect her anywhere. He tried and tried, but eventually he realised it wasn’t to be and went dejectedly back to the park hoping to get a clue.
He walked back slowly, trying to regain his composure, but all he could think of was that he had lost her. Even though his head said that he barely knew her, his heart was filling his chest making him feel as though he would suffocate.
Nick was sitting on the wall waiting for him.
“Did you find her?”
Kayden flopped onto one of the walls. “No!” He didn’t care what Nick thought, he just pressed his head into his hand feeling the loss.
“Let’s head back to the Council House and you can tell me what happened?”
They walked slowly back, barely breaking stride when they stepped over the gates, Kayden was telling Nick how he’d noticed her scent, how he’d seen her eyes flash and then he told Nick what he’d learned in the park.
“You sound smitten mate. Now don’t take this the wrong way, but are you sure it’s not the pheromones?”
Kayden laughed wryly, “I have no idea, but I need to find her if only to get to the bottom of what’s going on.”
“That’s true but didn’t you say she worked at an architects?”
“Yea?”
“Well you know her name and you know what she looks like, how many architects can there be in Cardiff?”
Kayden brightened, it wasn’t much of a plan but at least it was one. He thumped Nick on the shoulder in gratitude and he grinned back, but they’d arrived at the Council House and it was time for business. So they schooled their expressions, remembering they were supposed to act like leaders even though, at that moment, Kayden felt more like a lovesick teenager.
They went back into the boardroom, Donald looked like he hadn’t moved since they’d left. He’d been busy though, there were piles of handwritten notes littering the table and he was typing on his laptop while he was on the phone, “I see, you will look into it?” 
He’d taken his jacket and tie off, but even in his shirtsleeves he still looked like an accountant at a meeting. Kayden sat down waiting for him to finish, “I will wait for your call.” Donald put his mobile down on the table and looked up at them.
“That was Switzerland, I have been speaking to the archivists.”
“Did they know anything about it?”
Donald leaned back in his chair looking at Kayden “I need more information, Andrea had some ideas but it’s going to take him a while to run things down. Tell me what you’ve discovered.”
Kayden was back to his clipped professional tones, “Female, produces a scent which turns younger vamps into hunters. When she feels threatened a gold light appears to flash from her eyes and the vamps symbiotes appear to no longer be present.”
“Do you have a description?”
“A cute bouncy red head and I think our Kay is smitten.” Nick grinned over at Donald.
Kayden just sighed, “Red hair, green eyes, five seven, about nine and a half stone, looks about 25-30. Goes by the name of Elly Gilbert and works as some sort of an artist for a firm of architects.”
“Well at least you were paying attention, smitten or not, which architects?”
Kayden tried to keep his face and voice expressionless when he said, “She didn’t specify.” It wasn’t easy when Nick was laughing and making curvy gestures with his hands.
Donald looked disapproving, “Nick, can you be serious for five minutes?”
There was something in Donald’s tone which sobered them all instantly. They looked at him expectantly. “That fits with one of Andrea’s theories.” Donald paused, he didn’t have to spell it out. They knew they wouldn’t like it, they could tell simply by looking at him. 
Kayden raised an eyebrow and Donald continued, “It’s only hints and rumours at this stage, but at the tail end of the war the rebels were talking about developing the ultimate weapon.” They must have both looked confused as Donald went on “I’m not surprised you have never heard of it, you were both cleaning out the remaining nests of rebels in Sarajevo in 1914 weren’t you? And it was a rumour mixed with legend even then. Have you heard of a Zuleika?”
Nick looked blank, but Kayden frowned, his sire had insisted on a well rounded education which had included vampire mythology, “Those are just tales. She’s supposed to be either a brilliant beauty who lures all vampires to their deaths, a beauty designed to lure one specific vampire to his death or in some versions to give him a gift beyond price. As I remember it, the tales are somewhat contradictory.”
“That is correct,” said Donald looking through his notes, “but nonetheless there were rumours that the rebels had either found one or were trying to make one.”
Kayden frowned, “But that doesn’t help us, the war’s been over for a hundred years, Elly only looked about thirty max.”
“Well you only look about thirty too.” Nick interjected.
“You don’t seriously think she’s that old do you Nick?”
Nick shrugged “It’s about as likely as anything else in this tale.”
Donald intervened, “This is all highly speculative at this stage. I must point out that we only have legends and guesses, at least until Andrea can find something concrete. The council have asked us to keep it between the three of us for now.” Kayden and Nick nodded their agreement.
“What about Emrys?”
“No Nick, Deitmar was adamant, just the three of us.”
Kayden nodded, “So what are we going to tell him then?”
“Well there were no new cases last night, so how about – we’re working on it?”
Even Donald smiled, “Indeed Nick, but I will get my people to try and find which architects office she works at and I suppose, as she already knows Kayden, it will be up to him to make contact with her.”
Kayden couldn’t help the small smile, he couldn’t stop it showing even though it made Nick burst out laughing.
Emrys came bustling in at that point and he looked at Nick startled, obviously not expecting his good humour. “Have you found something then?”
Kayden stood, taking control of the meeting, “We’re working on it!”
He tried not to look at Nick who was collapsed laughing and even Donald was pressing his lips together, but Kayden went on smoothly, “I need a report on new cases.” He said moving Emrys over to the screens.
“There were the two you put down,” he said sadly, “they were two of my best, but that was all last night.”
“What about the three in the park?”
“They were fine once they came round, but you guys hit them awfully hard.”
“That’s a relief, did they say what happened?”
“No they were just patrolling and they woke up here. I’ve even found one of the ones that were missing, ’s all a bit anticlimactic really.”
Kayden looked hard at him and snapped, “I’d rather that than the alternative!”
“Y-y-yes Enforcer” he stammered, cowed by Kayden’s sudden flash of anger. “Is there anything you need?”
“Liaise with Donald on that please. I need to get some rest while I can.”
“We’re a bit crowded, but your usual rooms are ready for you. Is there anything you need Nick, Donald?”
Donald shook his head and Emrys scuttled out.
Kayden lifted an eyebrow at Donald who shrugged.
As there was nothing he could usefully do, Kayden grabbed his things and headed to the bedroom. He may not be forced to sleep during the day but he still needed to sleep sometime. 
It was another old fashioned room, heavy wood panels and a four poster bed but it had privacy for Kayden to think. Like all vampire guest rooms it had heavy locks on the door, when vampires are young they literally sleep like the dead and the locks were a necessity to ensure trust and prevent assassinations. Kayden locked himself in even though he no longer needed to, he just wanted to be undisturbed.
He was thinking furiously while he took his armour off, there was something about her and he didn’t think it was just the pheromones. He couldn’t remember the last person who’d made him laugh like she had. He wanted to see her again and not only because she may be a Zuleika.
He was torn between looking forward to seeing her again and cursing himself for a fool. Vampires tend toward casual sex as there aren’t many female vamps. Most of the current vamps were created when misogyny was rife, so who would create a female vamp when they wouldn’t be able to gain power and influence in vamp society? That was something Kayden had always found ironic as the oldest, most powerful vamp he knew was Thalia. She was created eons ago before human society became patrilineal, but it was hard to break vampires of their hidebound notions. 
He was one of the few who’d sired a female vamp. Leonora was beautiful and brilliant but although they’d parted amicably, ever since they’d split up casual relationships had lost their appeal for Kayden and humans didn’t live long enough for anything else. 
He hadn’t felt anything like this since he’d first met Leonora and that was what he found more confusing than anything else. 
He’d gone to bed on autopilot, but he couldn’t sleep, all he could think of was her bright hair and the way her lips felt when they pressed against his. He could feel his cock hardening at the thought and he groaned knowing he was never going to get any sleep.
He tried unsuccessfully to ignore it, but he hadn’t taken his release when he was feeding and being around Elly had only exacerbated it. He was aching with his pent up desire and he shifted uncomfortably but he couldn’t stop thinking about Elly and reliving her kisses. He tossed and turned but there was a hard rigid pole against his stomach and the friction of the sheets only made his problem worse. Unbidden he remembered the feel of her lips against his and he twitched in response. Without thinking his hand slipped lower and his fingers trailed over the sensitive skin tracing a path up from his balls to the already wet crown. He rubbed the moisture over his sensitive skin hissing at the sensations even as his hips thrust into the air. 
He wanted to feel her around him, to enter her and feel her grip him in her warm soft sheath. He groaned aloud, he wanted her so badly he couldn’t help but imagine how she might feel. His hand was moving faster now, sliding his skin up and down, matching his imagination as closely as he could. 
He would have liked to take his time, to enjoy his fantasy, but he was conscious that he was supposed to be sleeping so he pumped quickly. He’d been close to the edge since he’d kissed her so it wasn’t going to take much, already his balls were feeling tight and as his hand ran the length of his straining shaft he could feel the pressure building. He couldn’t stop his hips thrusting into the air and he flung his arm behind his head grasping the pillow as he felt his whole body spasm. His cock started squirting and he muffled his moans by burying his face into his shoulder. He shuddered and jerked as the thick ropes jetted over his chest but he rested his hand on his shaft, prolonging his pleasure, enjoying the gentle ache for a few more moments as the languor took him. 
It was still frustrating to not be out there looking for her, even though he knew Donald was more likely to be successful in finding her than he would be. But at least now he could fall into an uneasy doze dreaming of her copper hair catching the light.

Elly was conflicted. On the outside she was trying to find a way to draw an inspiring vision of a new state of the art office block, on the inside she kept replaying everything Kayden had said over and over again. 
She struggled to focus on her work, she was supposed to produce something new and creative but everything she came up with looked the same as the drawings she’d done for the last office block and for the one before that. She sighed and decided she ought to try again. She pulled a new sheet of paper onto her board and elected to give her imagination free rein. Six quick strokes of her pen and she had outlined a generic office, then she began on the people. She was absorbed in the drawing, the concentration silencing the constant replay, but it was only when she’d nearly finished that she realised she had been drawing Him.
She threw down her pen and sighed, he’d been hovering on the periphery of her thoughts all morning. She’d barely slept last night because she’d kept replaying their conversation in her mind. At least now she knew that the bad men were real, but Kayden had admitted he was one. 
She wasn’t sure what that meant any more, her father had told her not to trust them and to make sure they stayed away from her. But he never told her that keeping them away would mean people died and it wasn’t only bad men that died, real people did too. Maybe he would have explained everything to her if he’d lived but the car crash had been so sudden. 
She’d tried many times last night to remember more of what he’d told her but she could only remember being plucked from school and taken to the hospital where he was in a coma. She remembered holding his hand and willing him to be okay, but he’d died a few days later. 
After that her world turned upside down. 
She had no other family so they packed up the house, sent her to a boarding school and she’d never had the courage to go back. She went to art school and made a new life for herself instead.
Everything was still turning over and over in her head to the point where nothing made sense any more, maybe this was why she’d felt her life was missing something? She’d thought that it was because she’d never met anyone who made her feel special like her father did, now she wasn’t so sure. 
Kayden made her feel like her heart was flying but it went against everything her father had told her. On the other hand Kayden had answers about the bad men and he felt different from the other bad men. She didn’t understand it but she instinctively trusted him and something inside her had finally felt complete when she’d kissed him.
He’d promised he’d protect her but she’d still been so frightened when the bad men came in the park. She wouldn’t normally have minded, they’d just go away and leave her alone, but if Kayden was right she didn’t want to risk hurting him or getting people killed. The world suddenly seemed so much more complicated and so much more frightening.
She couldn’t stand watching him fight, all her life she’d believed the bad men were dangerous and she was terrified he’d get hurt. But he’d seemed so confident that he had it under control and then when the fight started… 
She still shuddered at the memory, not that she could see much of the fight, he was moving so fast. If she was honest with herself it was only when she saw him do something so completely impossible that she truly believed he could be one of the bad men. Overwhelmed by what she’d seen and afraid she might hurt him, she couldn’t think, she could only feel the panic rising and afraid she was going to flash her eyes she’d fled. 
When she was safe in her flat she’d realised her true dilemma, she shouldn’t contact him again because he was bad man but more than anything else in the world she wanted to see him again because he felt so right. Either way she didn’t have any option, she didn’t have his number so there was no way she could contact him!
She’d gone to sleep thinking of him and woke up having dreamed of him, then he’d filled her thoughts from the time she woke. When she was in the shower she’d caught herself thinking of having him in there with her, how it would feel to press against him with his shaft hard between them. She’d tried to stop herself, unable to believe she was fantasising about what he would look like naked but her breasts were aching just at the thought of him and she could feel herself getting aroused. 
She couldn’t help herself, she’d thought back to last night, wondering if he had been affected too. She’d thought she’d seen him adjust himself at the wine bar and, looking back on it, she realised she had been looking more closely than she’d let herself believe. Now she remembered seeing the bulge under his trousers and she smiled to herself. She’d done that to him!
Even though she was late for work she’d slipped her soapy hand between her legs, closing her eyes so she could better imagine him touching her there and she began slowly circling her nub. The little bud was hard and needy and she couldn’t believe how close she was to coming just at the thought of him. 
She ran her other hand over her breast, pulling at her taught nipple so that electric currents shot straight to her core. She was imagining his lips kissing and biting her neck, she smiled to herself, maybe his specialist diet was blood? That was too cliched to be real, but she knew he’d feel good kissing her there. 
She felt empty so she slipped her fingers inside herself working against her magic spot. Immediately her breathing sped up and her head fell back against the wall of the shower. She was so close now and all it took was her to slide her fingers out and over her bud as she remembered the feel of his kisses and she was gasping and moaning her release. 
Then she’d had to rush to work. She’d spent so long in the shower that she was running late, but even when she got here she’d still been thinking of him. That was probably why she hadn’t achieved anything all morning.
She’d finally admitted that she did need answers, her father had left her with too many questions and Kayden could have helped with that, but she was honest enough to admit that wasn’t the real reason she wished she could see him again.
She glanced at the clock, it was nearly lunch time and there was no point in staring at the drawing board any more so she grabbed her purse. 
Before she could leave, Peter came in. Immaculate in his three piece suit he was the public face of the firm and it was his style that was reflected in the huge glass windows and polished chrome that typified a modern architects office in The Bay. 
He looked at Elly with barely concealed contempt, taking in her flowery dress, blue leggings, green boots and her red cardigan and she thought she saw him sigh. “It’s a shame you’re not dressed for a meeting, we have a client coming in especially to see you this afternoon – you can have the boardroom from two.” He looked at her coldly, “It’s not our usual line of work but he’s an associate of Marcus’ accountant and he needs some drawings done. You say you’re bored of drawing office blocks so Marcus has said he can use your services for a couple of weeks. Find out what he wants and make sure you impress him.” He stared at her intently before saying emphatically, “Remember! Marcus says he can put a lot of business our way if he chooses.”
Elly sighed, the day just kept getting worse, she normally never had to meet clients which was the only reason Peter let her dress as she liked. Uncle Marcus had got her the job after she graduated, and somehow she was still here. It seemed that every time she thought of moving on something appeared to stop her. Meeting Kayden was the first exciting thing to happen to her in years, but she’d messed that up too.
Sighing heavily she left the office feeling comfort food was the order of the day, she needed answers but there was no way she could get them. 
She mooched down the stairs into the glass atrium, it was full of people heading for their lunch but she didn’t care, she just wanted to get out into the fresh air before the day got any worse. She was looking down trying to avoid everyone when a dark shadow obscured her view and someone stuck a single red rose in front of her. 
She looked up and saw a black leather coat, she looked up a little higher and her heart suddenly took flight.
Chapter 3
~ Explanations ~
Kayden had been waiting for nearly an hour before he finally saw her walking down the stairs. 
She looked so miserable. 
He was shocked, his fangs were descending of their own accord and he just wanted to run to her, gather her into his arms and protect her from everything. He took deep breaths carefully controlling his reactions while he watched her walk slowly across the atrium. He stepped out from behind one of the indoor trees but she didn’t notice him, she seemed more intent on looking at the floor than the people around her. 
He pulled a red rose from his coat and held it in front of her. It was a cliché but he hoped she’d like it.
Donald had worked through the night to find Elly. By the time he’d woken up Donald had a plan and, as luck would have it, Elly worked at a branch office of one of his clients, Marcus Nyshrak. 
Marcus was a player, he’d been on the rebels side but, like many, had switched late in the war and was now rising through the political ranks. Not bad for someone who wasn’t even a day walker yet. Marcus had been reluctant but Donald had managed to call in a favour so that Elly could work with Kayden for a week or two. They were hoping that would be long enough to find the answers.
He’d been wondering about meeting her all morning. Would she want to see him again? He’d hoped she would be pleased, but his heart had sunk when she didn’t even notice him.
She looked up slowly and he felt like he’d stopped breathing as he tried to gauge her reaction. When she burst into the most radiant smile he’d ever seen and leaped into his arms his heart threatened to burst out of his chest. 
She was in his arms and he was enfolding her as carefully as he could while she was stealing the breath out of him with the force of her kiss. She moaned, opening her lips and he couldn’t help but plunder her mouth. He was lost, he didn’t know if hours or minutes had passed, he only knew the feel of her lips on his and his body reacting outside of his control.
He was afraid of frightening her again so he tried not to show her how desperate he was. He wanted to moan into her mouth and explore every inch of her but he was ruthless and clamped down on his natural reactions even though it felt like it was killing him. 
He was so sensitive to her, he could feel her nipples hardening and pressing against his chest as the kiss deepened but he still didn’t want her to know how much she had affected him. He had been instantly aroused and he was already aching, he was so desperate to bury himself inside her. It was taking all his willpower and each time she sighed into his mouth and pressed against him only made it more difficult, but – somehow – he was resisting. He didn’t want to rush her and he wasn’t sure that this level of attraction was normal but then no vampire he knew had met a real life Zuleika.
Andrea had managed to get some of the tales sent over last night, but they hadn’t helped much because they were all old and they were all contradictory so Kay was having to work in the dark. 
Fighting for his equilibrium Kayden broke the kiss, she’d wrapped her legs around his waist and it was only their clothing which was keeping him from slipping inside her. He’d forgotten they were in a crowded office building, all he wanted to do at that moment was lay her on the floor and plunge deep inside. 
He tried hard to calm his breathing but it wasn’t easy with Elly pressed against his chest. He was trying not to think about it, but his thoughts kept being drawn to the hard points of her nipples which he could feel with each breath she took, even through their clothes. She wasn’t making it easy for him, she had grasped his head in her hands and was still pressing gentle kisses over his face. He couldn’t resist her indefinitely and he captured her mouth as it passed, unwilling to miss a moment. This time he remembered he was in a crowded building and he became aware that they were beginning to attract attention so he reluctantly pulled away.
He couldn’t help smiling lazily when he saw her face, her lips were swollen from his kisses and her eyes were obviously heavy with desire. Now he was certain she felt the same attraction as he did so his smile broadened and his confidence returned.
“Hello.” He drawled.
“How did you find me?”
“You said you worked in an architect’s office, a friend of mine did a bit of research and I came here.” He said as though it were the easiest thing in the world to accomplish.
Kayden was walking out of the door, Elly still in his arms, “Hay where are you talking me?”
“I thought you were going out for lunch? I don’t want to let you go just yet, so I thought I’d take you.”
She wrapped her legs around his waist settling in comfortably as though people did this every day, “So where are we going?”
“Oh I have a plan,” he said smiling lazily “we’ll be there in a minute.” Kayden walked toward the expensive restaurants looking over the bay. Elly looked surprised at his choice but Kayden had made special arrangements. He just strode in through the restaurant and up a private set of stairs to a room with full length windows opening onto a balcony overlooking the water. Regretfully he put her down, perversely pleased that she seemed disappointed by the separation. 
There was only the one table and he led her to it and held the chair for her. He waited for her to sit then he put the rose next to her plate and sat down himself.
“A red rose, seriously?”
He shrugged, “It’s the stealth option.” Fortunately she laughed, he’d known she would have preferred something more exotic, but he’d chosen the rose because its impossible to carry a bunch of flowers without feeling silly and he could tuck the rose inside his coat.
Kayden was confident again and it helped that she wasn’t producing her seductive scent. For the first time since he’d met her, he could think properly while he was around her.
Kayden could see her watching him and he smiled to himself. He was going to enjoy this, for once he was in control around her and he was going to make sure she felt the way he usually did but he was going to lead up to it slowly.
“Wine?” She nodded. “What about food, I’ve arranged for the tasting platter but they’ll cook anything you want.” She nodded again and he could tell she was nervous. She’d been checking him out and was embarrassed about it but it pleased him that she liked what she saw. 
He poured out a glass of wine for her and teasingly brushed her fingers as he handed it to her. He smiled to himself when the wine sloshed because her hand was shaking but he pulled his chair next to her and slid his arm across the back of hers wanting to be close to her and to reassure her.
“Why so shy Zuli?” He hadn’t meant to say that but it just seemed to fit and had slipped out. Her eyes lit up and she looked at him, “No one has called me that since my dad died, how did you know it was his pet name for me?”
“That’s one of the things we need to talk about but for now I just want to enjoy being with you. Let’s wait for the food and then I’ll tell you what I know and you can help me fill in the missing pieces, is that ok?” He ran his finger along her jaw, enjoying seeing her shiver and press against his hand. He wanted to plunder her mouth and loose himself in her again but he had work to do so he just dropped a soft kiss in her hair. She tentatively reached out to him, resting her hand on his thigh.
He held his breath for a moment while he tried to calm his body’s instant reaction to her touch.
“I’m just so confused, this goes against everything I thought I knew, but it feels so right?”
Kayden forced himself to do nothing, just rub her back gently calming her, “I know. When they bring the food I’ll tell you about me and you can judge for yourself.”
With that, there was a gentle tap on the door and the waiter arrived with her food. He put a plate of delicious bite sized morsels in front of her and a dark goblet in front of Kayden.
He could smell the blood in the goblet, he hadn’t been expecting it, but at least he had something he could do with his hands and for once he was glad it was bagged so that his body wouldn’t react primally and frighten her.
She started to eat but stopped and turned to him, “Aren’t you joining me?”
Kayden leaned back and sighed, it was time to be honest with her, but he was afraid she’d be disgusted or worse, afraid. 
Nevertheless, “Elly do you remember what I told you in the park?”
“Oh yea, you said something about a specialist diet, don’t tell me it’s blood or I’ll start to think you’re a vampire.”
He replied carefully, “Ok. I won’t tell you.”
She held his gaze for a long moment, “It is isn’t it?” She paled and froze with a canapé half way to her mouth, then she suddenly blurted. “But it’s broad daylight and you’re not burning to a crisp!”
Kayden laughed and saw Elly relaxing, “There are obviously a lot of things you don’t know but I don’t want you to be frightened of me.”
She looked at him seriously, “You know, I keep thinking I should be frightened of you but you always seem to change my mind.”
“Hold that thought!” She giggled drawing a huge smile from him in return, “Seeing as I can’t eat why don’t I do the talking?”
“If you can’t eat how did you know what I’d like?”
He couldn’t help the grin, “You’re distracting me again, but if you must know, I asked the restaurant to recommend something. Now carry on eating while I talk.” He sipped the bagged blood carefully, the anticoagulants made it taste terrible, but it was something to do while he thought of a convenient place to start.
“I am a vampire, but it’s probably not what you think. We’ve been around as long as humans but even for us things are hazy in the dark times, the times before writing was invented. 
“The stories are true, to an extent, we start out as human, we are turned by another vampire and we live on blood. But that’s about all they usually get right.” She was listening rapt now and almost forgetting to eat, but Kay took another sip from the goblet before continuing “We have symbiotes within our bodies which give us our abilities, so we’re not actually dead or undead or anything like that.” Her relieved smile emboldened him, “When we are sired, all that happens is our sire injects his own symbiotes into us.”
“So no blood draining or anything then?”
He laughed, “No but it isn’t quite that simple the symbiotes need to get into all our organs and the process is – painful.” He paused grimacing, even now he could remember how much it had hurt. “The symbiotes feed on blood proteins so that’s why we drink it. If your sire is strong it only takes a few months for the symbiotes to establish properly, if your sire is not strong it can take much longer. But that is when we are at our most dangerous. We crave as much blood as possible to help the symbiotes grow. 
“Our code has strict rules and clear responsibilities for a sire, to stop us hurting people.” Kayden didn’t mention that the only reason Vampires cared about hurting people was because they didn’t want to be hunted by humans. “We owe our existence to our sire so we take their name. That’s how we’re organised into houses. There are only six houses left now.” Kayden ticked them off on his fingers as though he were reciting a school lesson, “Zurek, Aynur, Nyshrak, Odtsetseg, Aktar and Saktir; the leader of the house has the honorific Nal applied to their name.”
“Hang on! Does that mean you’re the head of a house and like seriously important?”
“Kayden Nal Zurek at your service.” He smiled and raised her hand to his lips in a gesture he had practised many times through the centuries but which was now sadly out of fashion. She blushed adorably.
“It’s not as grand as you think, but I did say I was head of the family firm.”
“I’m glad you didn’t lie, even when you couldn’t tell me the whole truth.”
Kayden smiled lazily, so far this was going better than he had hoped. “Well to continue, if you remember I said there was a code?” She nodded. “Well not everyone has followed that code, there have always been accidents but this was more than that. We used to have more houses, three of those houses decided we were superior to the humans and it didn’t matter if we killed them or if we were exposed.” Kayden’s tone was getting colder and flatter as he neared the war, the memories were too horrific for him to want to relive. “They started to breed uncontrollably, getting too close to the threshold where their own symbiotes were damaged. There was a huge population explosion and instead of looking after their children as the code demanded, they let them loose on the world as soon as they were made. 
“That’s when vampires started to become written about and noticed by the humans and killings became commonplace. We called a meeting of all the houses but the three rebel houses did not come. They had always been larger houses and they thought weight of numbers would ensure their victory. We were stronger, older vamps, but we hadn’t realised they had been working on this for centuries. They outnumbered us more than twenty to one and they’d had an alternative organisation set up for many years. There was a long and bloody war.”
He stopped abruptly, shocked that she had reached out to him, holding his hand in both her small ones. That was when he realised his hand had curled into a fist trying to fight the memories. He forced himself to breathe, to relax, to put the memories of the war back in their box.
“You fought in that war didn’t you?” Kayden nodded, “I’m guessing it was horrible for you, so you don’t have to tell me about it unless you want to.”
He took a deep breath and squeezed her hand for a moment, grateful for her ready sympathy, before continuing, “Thanks, but I am going to have to tell you a bit about it.” The pause had composed him so he continued smoothly, “To simplify things, the older you are the more symbiotes you have and the stronger you are. We all start out like the vampires you call the bad men, sleeping as one dead all day and, yes, at that stage daylight does burn us to a crisp – just like in the movies.” He smiled at her and she grew more confident and started to lean against him, so he slipped an arm around her shoulder, loving how she fitted so comfortably against his chest. “As we get older and grow more symbiotes we start to wake up during the day and then, eventually, we become full day-walkers.” 
He saw the unspoken question she directed at him and smiled, “Yes that’s why I can sit in the sun in shirtsleeves, if I’d tried that when I was young I’d have fried.”
“How old did you say you were again?”
He laughed, “It’s really not that important. What is important is that it’s the only reason we won the war. Our side had fewer vamps but we were stronger because we respected the rules. The end result of the war was that we formalised that code. 
“If anyone breaks the code they are put down and if it’s a major outbreak they can call on The Council’s representative, The Enforcer, to help.
“Now in the hundred years since the war we’ve only had to deal with a few isolated pockets of rebels we missed and the odd accident – until I got called to Cardiff.”
“You’re The Enforcer?”
He nodded, but before he could go on she suddenly shot to her feet. 
He thought for a moment that she was frightened and he fought the urge to gather her into his arms and reassure her, but he soon realised he was mistaken.
“Shit! I’ve got to go!” She was rushing to the door as she spoke, “I hadn’t realised the time… I have to be back at work…” she darted back to kiss him quickly before running to the door again “I have to meet someone at two and it’s half past already. Shit! I can’t believe I’ve lost track of the time!”
Kayden leaned back in his chair smiling one of his lazily confident smiles, “Calm down and tell me who you need to meet.”
She stopped running back and forth, something about his attitude made her stop panicking and start to think, “It’s a client Marcus is sending to the office, some kind of special favour.”
He raised an eyebrow smiling cheekily and patting the chair as she came back across the room to face him accusingly, “It’s you isn’t it? You’re the client?”
Kayden laughed aloud, he couldn’t resist her stunned look, “Kayden Nal Zurek, Enforcer, at your service.” He took her hand and kissed it again and she giggled.
“You mean I’m working for you for the next two weeks?”
He smiled lazily “Yup, I think I’m going to enjoy it.”
“What is it you want me to do?”
“Help me to find the answers…” he looked her in the eyes suddenly serious, “Please… I need to find out what’s happening here and that probably involves you finding the answers you need as well.”
She hesitated and he pulled her down into his lap, settling her in against him and she tipped her head expecting his kiss. Kayden wanted this seduction to be slow, he wanted her to trust him so he ignored his burning desire to run his hands over as much of her as he could and only briefly touched her lips with his own.
She wasn’t having any of it though, she grabbed his head in her hands and he let her pull him closer to deepen the kiss. He loved the feel of her tongue seeking his and he allowed himself to be lost in the moment, involuntarily his hands slid around her back holding her closer. 
But she started to wiggle, pressing against him and he was responding, if he let this go any further he’d not be able to resist.
Reluctantly he pulled back, it hurt to see her looking so disappointed but he knew he needed to remember that they had work to do. There would be time for this later. Even so he kissed her again to try and reassure her.
“We still need to talk about you Zuli and about what is happening here.”
“I know,” she sighed, “but I really have told you all I know, Dad never told me anything other than that I was special and not to trust the bad men.”
He nestled her head against his chest, she sighed and snuggled in. He was just thinking she felt perfect like this when she suddenly sat up “Hay you really do have a heartbeat!”
Kayden laughed so hard Elly had to grab his shoulders to keep from falling off  “I told you I’m not dead; so of course I have a heartbeat.”
“I’m sorry, but you’re the first bad man I’ve talked to, I have no idea what’s normal.”
Kayden sobered quickly, “I know Zuli, you’re the first Zuleika I’ve met too.”
“What’s a Zuleika?”
“We think that’s what you are.” Kayden paused settling her in more comfortably, she seemed much more subdued now that the conversation had turned to her. “A Zuleika is something out of vampire mythology. To be honest we thought they were legends until you came along.” Kayden dropped another kiss in her hair, she was still and quiet, Kayden didn’t like the way she had retreated into herself but he had to go on, this was too important. “There are several versions of the tales, they all agree that Zuleikas produce a scent that will drive vampires to distraction. This scent is supposed to attract the vamp to the Zuleika and then the stories become contradictory. She will either destroy the vamp or she will give him a gift beyond price.” Kayden stroked her hair she didn’t say anything she just nestled closer to him so he carried on talking, needing to get it over with. “Zuleikas haven’t been heard of since the dark times but Donald said there were rumours at the end of the war that the rebels had either found one or were breeding one. We think that has something to do with you.”
Elly whispered quietly, “So why did you come to Cardiff?”
“There were reports of feral vamps; vamps with too few symbiotes to be anything other than mindless animals. When I got here most of the nests were eliminated but we hadn’t found the cause.” Kayden spoke matter of factly, “I was on the roof of David Morgan when I smelled something, I was following the scent and saw the vamps hunting you, I thought you’d need rescuing so I was on the way but then I saw you do the flashy eyes. The rest you already know.”
Elly just sat there saying nothing, after a few minutes Kayden lifted her chin and made her look at him. There were silent tears running down her cheeks and his heart felt like it would break for her. “Hay it’s ok. We’re going to work this out.” She was still crying and Kayden had no idea which of the pieces of information he’d shared was the cause. 
Unable to think of anything else to do he just tried to kiss the tears away, but that made it worse and she started to struggle, “Elly please… talk to me…”
Eventually she said quietly, “I thought you liked me, but it’s just the scent isn’t it?”
It probably wasn’t the best move but Kayden couldn’t help laughing, “Listen to me! You haven’t been producing the scent all day. This is just me.”
She still looked doubtful, and more than anything else at this moment he wanted her to believe he liked her for herself. He didn’t care about The Council or the humans he just wanted her to believe him. He hadn’t realised how much it meant to him and he was at a loss for what to do, so he covered her face with soft butterfly kisses, “Please Elly,” his voice was rougher then usual, but he continued the soft kisses until she opened her eyes and looked at him and he could capture her lips with his. Despite her tears, she opened her lips to him and he kissed her as hard as he could, his tongue seeking hers needing to claim her and trying to convince her with his body if he couldn’t convince her with his words. 
Suddenly she started to kiss him back, her hands threading through his hair pulling him closer. His body was responding again, he couldn’t hide it this time, she was sitting on his lap. That’s when she pulled back from him, “T-this is really you?”
He pressed his very obvious arousal against her hip smiling sensuously, “This is all me I promise.”
Suddenly she was smiling wetly, “That feels like a lot of all!”
He grinned back, “You will find out! That’s another promise, but not now.” She looked disappointed, but at least she’d stopped crying, “I know sweetling, but I need to get you somewhere safe before it gets dark.”
“Oh” she said softly, “I suppose you do, I might hurt someone else mightn’t I?”
“We won’t let that happen.”
“So where are we going?”
“First we need to get your stuff, then we’re going somewhere secure until we can find out how to find out about your past.”
“Well you could ask Uncle Marcus?”
“Marcus?”
“Marcus Isra, he was a friend of dad’s and he’s one of my trustees.”
Kayden sucked in a breath, feeling sudden cold chills down his back “Is he the one that owns the architects?”
“Yes, is there something wrong?”
Kayden frowned, “I’m not sure, I’ll have to get Donald to look into it. But it changes things, we’ll need to move quickly let’s get to the flat first.”

Kayden had changed, he’d gone hard and cold. Elly wasn’t sure why the mention of Marcus had changed him but she was certain that was what it had been. The mood was broken completely. She’d loved feeling him press against her, it was so much better than her fantasy. His kisses had made her melt and it was so perfect to know that he was feeling it too, but he’d put her down and was gathering his coat, clearly in a hurry to get out.
“Do you need to go back to the office?” He sounded like a military commander and she was a little frightened of him.
“I suppose so, I left my bag there and it’s got the keys to my flat.”
Kayden paused and hugged her, “I know, this has all suddenly turned serious, but I promise when we get to the flat it’ll all be ok.”
Elly still felt flat but she let him hold her hand and lead her back to the office.
They went up the stairs together but Kayden stayed in reception leaning nonchalantly against the wall texting on his phone. Elly felt even flatter, all the good feelings she’d had over lunch evaporating.
“Where do you think you’ve been!” She looked up and Peter was standing in front of her, he was absolutely fuming, his face had turned a dark pulsating red and anything less like her calm professional boss she couldn’t imagine.
“What?”
“You were supposed to be back at two for a meeting with a really important client and you saunter in here at any time you please! The client isn’t here! I have no idea what Marcus is going to say!”
Elly didn’t have a clue how to respond to the tirade and she instinctively looked at Kayden. He stood up and sauntered over. That was the only way she could think of it, he was so confident while she was shaking in her boots.
Peter looked at him contemptuously, it was obvious he didn’t think Kayden was dressed appropriately either, “You miss a meeting with an important client and you bring… this! Into the office!”
Kayden just held out his hand obviously enjoying Peter’s indignation “I think there’s been some kind of misunderstanding, I’m Kayden Nal Zurek is there something wrong?”
Peter’s face was a picture, falling from fuming to snivelling in less than a second, he weakly shook Kayden’s hand, “No, no, it’s fine.”
Kayden was in control now and Elly couldn’t help thinking how hot he looked, he must have noticed because he winked at her.
Suddenly upbeat, she realised that Kayden was looking after her. She wasn’t sure how she knew this, but she sensed that he would always have her back. But he was speaking again “Good because Elly will be coming with me. While she is working for me I need her on site so I don’t expect her to have to come into the office.”
He gestured for Elly to get her things and without knowing why she dashed back to her office and grabbed everything as quickly as she could.
By the time she got back to reception Kayden was still talking and Peter was grovelling.
“Are you ready?”
“Yes, shall we go?”
Kayden held out his hand and she took it feeling on top of the world as they left the office.
Then it all changed again.
As soon as they went out onto the street Kayden picked her up and ran as though their lives depended on it. She could hear him cursing under his breath and she was frightened. She’d never seen him this worried before and that’s what scared her. So she trusted him, she let him take her without saying anything, somehow understanding that he needed to concentrate on keeping them both safe.
He stopped in an alley and put her down.
He was still cursing and he looked shaken. Tentatively she reached out and touched his arm.
That made him look down at her and she could see something in his eyes, she wasn’t sure if it was horror or fear. She let him take a deep breath to calm down before asking. “Something bad just happened didn’t it?”
“Aye, I need to get us some help.”

Nick wasn’t expecting Kayden to phone so soon. “What’s up? You can’t be fed up of her already?”
“What was the name of Donald’s contact?”
“Marcus.”
“Yea, Marcus what?”
“Nyshrak of course, they took in most of the rebels.”
“Then why is he using his old name, Isra, and why does he have a thrall looking after Elly?”
“He has a what?”
“You heard Nick!”
“I’d ask if you were sure but I know you are.” He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, “Is this just a coincidence?”
“Nope, apparently he’s Elly’s trustee.”
“Shit!”
“Meet me at the flat, we need to discuss it”
“Ok do you want me to bring Donald?”
“Aye we need to confer, just make sure you both feed first.”

Kayden picked up Elly again and carried her, running through alleys and checking to see they weren’t being followed. Elly looked subdued but trusting. He wished he’d had time to explain first but the danger they were in hadn’t left any time.
“Elly, I’m going to have to use my special abilities now, please don’t be scared ok.”
He could feel her moving her arms and he was bracing himself for her to struggle and demand to be put down, but his heart stopped when she pulled his head down and kissed him. “I wouldn’t be letting you do this if I didn’t believe you are looking out for me.” She paused, “I’m not sure why but I know that’s true.”
“I’m not going to lie to you Elly, this whole situation is very dangerous, but as long as you keep believing that I care about you, this might just be the happiest day of my life.”
She giggled, “So show me what you’ve got vamp!”
Kayden’s answering smile was accompanied by a tensing of his muscles as he took a huge leap and landed on a roof.
Elly clung more tightly to him biting her lips together, “Shhh, remember to breathe Zuli.”
Kayden sat down, waiting for the shock to ease, his senses open for any sign of pursuit.
He looked at Elly whose eyes were wide, he couldn’t tell if it was in shock or in fear, but knowing they were relatively safe for the moment, he gently kissed her. She didn’t respond for several long minutes. He was starting to get worried when something unlocked within her.
“Wow Kayden did you just…” It was as though her mind had frozen and was only just catching up with what had happened. Her lips swooped on his and her tongue was plunging deep into his mouth. It still went straight to his shaft and he groaned, trying not to press into her.
He could smell that she wanted him and it was only a few layers of clothing which separated them. Yet again he had to try to shove the sensations to the back of his mind because even though his hands were stroking her and he could feel her melt against him he knew they couldn’t afford to wait here and he pulled slowly back.“Zuli, you will drive me to distraction, even without your special scent.”
He gasped as she pressed herself against the bulge in his trousers, “Yes, but I like it when you’re driven to distraction.”
Kayden laughed, “So do I Zuli, so do I, but right now we need to stay safe.”
He picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist, everywhere he held her she seemed to fit against him and he had to force himself to remember what he was supposed to be doing.
Kayden strode across the rooftop looking for the best route to the flat. “Zuli, when we get to the flat my friends will be there.”
“Mhm-mm,” she breathed against his neck and yet again he had to drag his attention back to the present.
“Well they’re vampires too. They should be old enough, so I think they’ll feel like me and not like the bad men but I thought I’d warn you first.”
“Oh, good point.” she seemed a bit subdued by that but instantly brightened, “So what’re your friends like?”
“Nick, I knew him before the war but that’s when we started working together.” Kayden deliberately avoided mentioning exactly what they’d done in the war so he paused trying to find the words to describe Nick, “He’s good people, he’s one of the few who still remembers I’m a person and not a job. Donald is a bit stuffy, he’s an accountant, but he’s had my back more than once.” Kayden was still striding across the roofs and he only paused briefly before jumping nonchalantly from one roof to another. 
He heard Elly gasp in his ear and he glanced at her, worried she’d be scared, but to his surprise she kissed him gently before whispering “Idiot! I’m not scared. I’m just amazed at what you can do.”
He grinned feeling unaccountably proud.
“Oh no!” Her exclamation startled him and he nearly dropped her, “You must have thought I was such an idiot when I asked if you could get over the park gates.”
She buried her face in his neck suddenly embarrassed, but Kayden couldn’t help laughing. He was laughing so hard he had to stop moving. 
Eventually he managed to say, “Zuli, I thought you were adorable. Now hold tight we’re going down.”
Elly buried her face in his neck muffling her squeal. 
He put her gently on the ground and checked to see her reaction, but she was still smiling, so he took her hand and walked across the square to the doors of the flats.
Chapter 4
~ More questions than answers ~
“Nick, please sit down.”
“Sorry Donald. I just wish I knew what was taking them so long. If I’m going to die, I wish they’d get it over with.”
“Pacing about isn’t going to hurry them and if she’s nervous you jigging about isn’t going to help.”
They walked in when the blonde one flopped on the sofa. They’d sort of been right she was nervous, but the reason they’d taken so long was because of Kayden’s method of dispelling her nerves. Her breasts were still feeling heavy and achy and he’d only been brushing them lightly through her clothes while he’d kissed her outside the door. It had worked though, it was all she could think about now. 
As soon as she’d realised they were bad men she had felt the panic rising but Kayden had taken charge, looking her in the eyes, talking to her and kissing her until he said he could see the gold disappearing.
Now walking in to face them it was Kayden’s arm around her shoulders that kept her moving forward. She nearly hid behind him when the bald one stood up but his strong arm kept her at his side.
“Miss Gilbert, I am Donald Saktir and this is Nicolas Aktar,” he held out his hand formally and Elly’s fear disappeared, replaced with an urge to laugh as Kayden’s breath whispered so quietly she could barely hear “I told you he was an accountant.” But she stepped forward tentatively and shook his hand, it wasn’t as bad as she’d feared.
“Does that mean we’re not going to die then?”
Elly giggled, but Kayden snapped, “Nick!”
As usual Nick had broken the ice and that had finally stopped Elly being scared. Now she had a chance to breathe and really look at what was going on all she saw were two people. Nick’s grin was infectious and it was that more than anything that helped her to finally calm down.
“So what’s going on then Kay?”
“I might remind you that he’d not have called us here if it wasn’t serious, so let him tell us.” Donald really was being meticulous and Elly could feel her lips twitching and she didn’t dare catch Nick’s eyes, she knew he’d heard what Kayden had whispered to her.
Kayden took off his long coat and gestured to one of the sofas and they sat down together. He kept his arm protectively around her shoulders and she tucked her feet up leaning into him as though she could borrow his strength.
Kayden sighed, “It’s all got a bit complicated. Donald your contact is Elly’s trustee and he’s still using his old name. We have to consider the possibility that he’s still connected with the rebels, especially as he has a thrall watching Elly. Unfortunately Marcus now knows he’s found out. The thrall was instructed to keep out of sight and report.”
“Did you interrogate it?”
“As much as I could in public. He didn’t know much, just that we weren’t to find out about him and that he should keep Elly working for the firm. I tried planting the suggestion that he forget about me finding out but I can’t be sure it took.”
“So was Donald right then and is this a left over of the rebels research?”
“Now we can’t assume anything Nick.” Donald interjected, “Perhaps we could ask Miss Gilbert to tell us what she knows?”
Kayden squeezed her gently, for some reason she found all three of them making her the centre of attention intimidating, she kept thinking of how old they were and it took an effort to speak. “What do you want to know?”
As usual Kay came to her rescue, “Start by telling us what you remember about your father Zuli.”
“I just remember him telling stories, playing games and sitting next to him while he was working.”
“Where was this Miss Gilbert?”
Elly cringed, “Can you call me Elly please?” Donald nodded, “It was at our house in Scotland. I think we moved there from somewhere else, but I was too little, and I don’t remember where we came from.”
“Where is the house?”
“Oh” Elly was crestfallen, “I don’t know, I don’t remember the address or anything.”
“I suppose it was sold when your father passed on?” Donald was chasing the details as usual, Elly could feel Kay’s slight impatience as his muscles tensed.
“I don’t think so, every time I asked Uncle Marcus about it he just said to leave it to the solicitors.”
“Where do you meet him?”
“He usually phones.”
Elly could see the suspicious looks they cast between themselves, Kayden asked, “Have you ever met Marcus?”
“Yea, sort of, he was a friend of dad’s and he came to the house a couple of times to see us. Dad always sent me to bed early so I only caught glimpses.”
Nick looked at Elly sharply, “What about after?”
“No I’ve not seen him since dad died, he just phones every couple of months to check on me. He says he’s ill so he has to stay abroad.” They all looked like she’d said something significant. “What? It’s obvious you all know something I don’t.”
Kayden looked at the others, Elly wasn’t sure if he was getting permission or warning them not to interfere, but this was starting to feel more like an interrogation than anything else. “Elly, we know Marcus, he’s one of us. You remember I told you about the three rebel houses.” Elly nodded, “Well house Isra was one of those who rebelled.” Elly looked shocked, “Marcus changed sides at the end of the war and joined house Nyshrak. I’ve not met him but I’d heard he was settled and upstanding?”
“Yes, I’ve met him a few times, he has most of his holdings in Scotland and the south of France. That’s how I got you in to see Elly here, I’m his accountant.”
Nick corroborated, “He’s been in London a couple of times since the war and he always checks in with my office, we don’t get on well but he’s always polite and respectful.”
“So he’s outwardly respecting the rules.” Kayden summarised, “Do we know what he did in the war?”
“He was in France helping with their resistance I believe. I have a recollection that he was based in Marseilles. I’ll need to check with Switzerland but I thought he was in their intelligence service.”
“If he was in Marseilles, he could have been involved in their research?”
“It’s too soon to speculate Kayden, I’ll check into the war archives later.”
“What about the thrall?”
The discussion went on for what seemed like hours. Elly was more and more left out as they talked about people and places she didn’t know. She burrowed into Kayden’s side letting it all wash over her and enjoying the feel of his hand lazily stroking her, keeping her pressed close to him as though he never wanted to let her go.
Nick looked over at Elly and saw that she was looking lost, “What the two old fogeys are trying to say is that we think the rebels had been doing research into Zuleikas during the war so they could use them against us. And we need to find out what that has to do with you.” He paused looking suddenly serious, “I know this is all new to you but I know one thing about Kay and it’s that he’s not going to let anything happen to you. He won’t let you be drawn into anything against your will and…” he sighed, “Where Kay goes I’ll go as well.”
“I think that goes for all of us, Miss… Elly, The Council will lend their aid as well.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence Nick, but we need to find out about Elly’s past so we can find out if it’s just Marcus hiding an old research project or whether he’s planning a new coup?”
She ought to be scared, she was surrounded by bad men, she seemed to be part of a research experiment and they were talking about her being a pawn in a new war, but Kayden made her feel so safe and his voice was rumbling in his chest when he spoke lulling her into a half doze.
The conversation was stuttering to a halt, they didn’t seem to have come up with a plan, so she said “Why can’t we ask the solicitors?”
“What solicitors?”
“I’d forgotten, about them because Uncle Marcus always deals with them. But they dealt with everything when dad died, they even paid my school fees.”
“Do you have anything else that your dad left you?”
“The locket!” Elly looked stunned, “Why am I only remembering this stuff now? Dad gave me the locket and said not to open it until I was in real trouble and I didn’t know what else to do.”
“Where is the locket?”
“In my flat, in the jewellery box in my bedroom, I think. I’ve not seen it since I graduated. Uncle Marcus wanted me to put everything of my dad’s in storage, but dad said to always keep it with me, so I didn’t tell him about it.” She stopped and looked at them all wide eyed. “I’m really scared now, I should have remembered all of that when you first asked. What’s going on?”
Elly could see Nick and Donald’s eyes going wide, and that just made her even more terrified, everything was suddenly out of control and she couldn’t breathe, but Kayden turned her to face him and looked into her eyes. 
“Look at me Elly,” he spoke gently but firmly and he held her eyes with his piercing blue ones and she was lost in their gaze. The world righted itself and she could breathe again, “I’ve got this trust me.” Kayden said calmly, “Marcus made you forget, but remember what I said about being stronger?” She nodded, noticing the others were relaxing too, “Well I’m stronger than Marcus which is why now that you are near me the effect is wearing off.”
Kayden picked her up and put her on his lap, she cuddled against him, grateful for the comfort.
“Geeze, that was too close for comfort!” Nick was looking shaken, Donald was gripping the arms of his chair.
Elly looked completely confused so Kay said gently, “Zuli you do the glowing eyes when you’re scared remember.”
“Oh!” She looked at the others, “Sorry I don’t mean to. But I don’t understand. How could Marcus make me forget?”
“Does he send you anything to eat or drink?”
“No.”
“What about the guy in the office?”
“Well I have a meeting with him once a month and there’s always tea. But we didn’t have the meeting last month, Peter was away and he only came back this week.”
“I don’t suppose he looked younger when he came back?”
“How did you know? We’ve all been gossiping that he must’ve had plastic surgery or something.”
The looks they exchanged said that once again they knew something she didn’t.
“I don’t suppose Marcus was here last month was he Nick?”
“Well he didn’t report in if he was, but the thrall could have gone to France.”
“It’s not much, but at least now we have leads.”
“I’ll liaise with Switzerland and check into the solicitors.”
Donald rose and Nick said “Can I have your keys pretty one, I think I’m going to have to go to your flat and get that locket.” Wordlessly Elly handed them over to Nick. “I’ll be back later.” With that, Nick and Donald wondered out.
Kayden smiled lazily and seductively, “Now that just leaves me to look after you.”

Nick, was keeping his senses alert but he wasn’t expecting anything to happen on a bright sunny day. Even at the height of the war the rebels didn’t have any full day-walkers. That’s why Kay and the other day-walkers were in such demand, they could just waltz in to a nest while the rebels were asleep. He’d been partnered with Kay as soon as he could stand any sort of daylight and they’d worked together until the end of the war. Nick missed his solid presence because this situation kept reminding him of the war but there was no point in dwelling on it, because he was nearly at the flat. It was just a top floor in a Victorian terrace, but it looked out on a churchyard and even from the outside he could tell that Elly had decorated it in her own colourful and inimitable style. 
He nearly walked boldly up to the door but Kayden had always impressed on him that he ought to check, after all vampires could employ humans. There were a few humans walking down the street and he couldn’t see into the back without giving himself away but it all looked reassuringly normal. He smiled to himself as he walked up to the door, he wasn’t even sure why he’d checked, this was just a normal flat on a normal day, the memories of the war must have been making him jumpy.
He opened the front door and went up to Elly’s flat. Once he opened her door he realised he was right, the flat was a multicoloured extravaganza but somehow everything seemed to work together and Nick smiled, irresistibly reminded of Elly’s bubbly personality. He started to search for the jewellery box, he felt uncomfortable going through her things without her but it needed to be done so he steeled himself to continue. 
He could hear footsteps but he was only half aware of them, assuming they were coming from the flat below. So, by the time he’d realised they were heading upstairs, he only just had time to dive behind the bedroom door before the humans burst in. They were moving quietly but it was plain they were looking for whoever was in the flat. A glance through the crack in the door showed him they weren’t policemen or anything official so he grabbed the first item of clothing he could find to use as a makeshift mask. 
Once his face was covered, he waited. The first one came in and it was easy to get him into a choke hold so that he slipped soundlessly to the ground. The second was more difficult, he’d seen his partner collapse, so by the time Nick stepped into the living room he already had a knife in his hand and was waiting in a half crouch ready to strike.
Nick looked at the cluttered room and hoped he’d not do too much damage, but he didn’t have time to reflect because the assailant was coming for him. His short spiky hair and combat trousers made him look like a soldier but Nick wasn’t fooled by appearances, it was his stance which gave him away as a fighter.
Nick waited for him to make a move, which he did with a speed and suddenness Nick found commendable, if ineffective. He used his enhanced speed to sidestep and soon had the invader in a wrist lock which made him drop the knife. He tried to struggle, but Nick’s strength was far too great so it was with little effort that Nick managed to get him tied to a chair. 
“What’re you doing in this flat”
“None of your business mate.”
“This isn’t your flat!”
“'S not yours either!”
Nick used his symbiotes, “What do you want here?”
“Still none of your business!”
The human was clearly protected by another vamp. Nick could break him but not without using more painful methods and making a great deal of noise, so he used another choke hold and put the man to sleep.
The flat was obviously being watched so Elly wouldn’t be able to come back for a while. He grabbed the biggest bag he could find and filled it with things for her, cursing under his breath because this wasn’t something he was any good at. He kept stuffing until the bag was full, hoping he’d packed the right things. But he did find the jewellery box and rather than waste time searching it, he packed the lot just in case.
He took the improvised mask off and he grimaced when he saw what it was. He’d been a highwayman before but never with a flowery nightie for a mask.
He went back to the flat grumbling all the way because this was looking more and more like an organised coup. 

Elly was wondering what they were supposed to do now that the other two vampires had left but Kayden didn’t seem in much of a hurry to do anything.
“Where were we before we were interrupted?” He drawled.
The look he gave her sent shivers down her spine and she felt herself tense in anticipation. She was still in his arms and she didn’t want to be anywhere else but her throat was suddenly dry when she realised what he wanted to do next and she could feel her breath catch in anticipation.
Tentatively she put her hand to his cheek and he rested against her. She could feel his beard against her hand and he pressed his lips softly into her palm. She gasped and at the same time his arm pressed her closer and his mouth came down on hers. Her mouth was already open and his tongue swooped in claiming her. But she pressed back against him, daring him not to move as she prolonged the kiss, not that he seemed to want to go anywhere, his hands were ranging over her back teasing, learning making her melt against him.
Then she felt it, there was a bulge in his trousers, it was pressing against her hip and it suddenly felt as though she could think of nothing else. She pressed herself lightly against it and she heard him groan, his need echoing in her mouth and sending currents of desire deep into her core. She could feel her muscles clenching and she suddenly felt a warm rush of wetness.
When his hand slid around to cup her breast she pushed against him, pressing into his hand, hoping he could assuage the sudden ache but all that happened was she wanted more. She needed to get closer to him to touch his bare skin, so she slid her hands under his shirt. His answering shudders were magic and she stroked him lightly, revelling in making this strong man respond to her touch.
He drew back slightly and he fought to control his breathing so that he could speak. Although need was written plainly on his face, he whispered raggedly, “If you want me to stop Zuli you’d better say so now.”
She answered in the only way that made sense, she kissed him as hard as she could. She pressed herself against him rubbing her breasts against his chest, needing his touch to ease the heavy burning fullness. But that just brought her hips in contact with the bulge in his trousers and she pushed herself against him until he groaned and pushed back.
He slid his hands under her dress touching the bare skin at her waist and brushing upwards to the sides of her breasts. It was her turn now, she was the one moaning, wanting more but she was too overwhelmed by the sensations to ask for it or to remember to touch him.
It was only when she thought about touching him that she regained the willpower to run her hands over his skin and for the first time she could feel the strength of his muscles when they moved under her hands. Gradually she got bolder and her hands slid lower until they brushed across the front of his trousers. She thought he was going to shoot off the sofa, his hips thrust so strongly into her hand. His moan told her how much he wanted this and it sent more wetness gushing from her. She pressed down on his thigh needing to ease the aching emptiness deep inside.
It was as though he could read her mind, he pushed his thigh against her centre letting her ride him for a few moments before he stood up, still holding her close. 
He carried her out of the room, opening all the doors in the hall until he found what he was looking for. He put her down on the bed standing over her and sliding her dress over her head. Quick as a flash she retaliated, pulling at his shirt until he helped her to slide it over his head. She didn’t let him a start to kiss her again, instead she darted for his trousers, desperate to see all of him and to feel him in her hand.
She wanted to get him undressed quickly but he was moving and twitching uncontrollably each time she got close to him and it was difficult to free him from his shorts. He had to help her before she finally managed to unhook the elastic. She ran her hand over the velvety smoothness, her fingers didn’t meet around him he was so thick and for a moment she revelled in the feel of him in her hand. Then she swallowed hard, wondering what he would feel like inside her. She slid her hand up and down slowly feeling the warmth and the wetness at the tip. His groan was heart-rending and it drew an answering moan from her.
It was his turn now, he stepped out of his trousers at the same time as pulling her leggings off. He didn’t hesitate, his hands were sliding up her legs, spreading her open. Then he placed gentle kisses on her thighs, her lips. She arched upwards desperate for his touch, encouraging his tongue to slide between her folds before he parted them so that he could taste her and lick the needy bud that was throbbing and demanding his attention.
He teased her licking and sucking, pulling sensations and cries from her with each stroke of his tongue. Soon she was thrusting her hips at him needing more. She felt so empty inside; she wanted him to fill her but he didn’t move. Instead he slid his finger into her and she could feel herself squeezing around him. He thrust deeply at the same time as he ran his tongue over her bud as hard as he could and she was suddenly crying out a wordless wail of pleasure.
When her shudders ceased he lifted his head, his chin was dripping with her juices and languidly she reached for him. Licking and kissing him clean, she found her own taste strange but she forgot about the strangeness when she felt him hard and hot resting on her belly and her muscles twitched reminding her that she still hadn’t felt him inside her. 
She reached down and held him, her hands moving the soft velvety skin slowly up and down, he groaned into her mouth but he broke the kiss and slid lower to suckle her nipple. She wondered if maybe he was too close to coming and didn’t want her to push him over the edge but that was before his teeth caught one of her nipples. When that happened she couldn’t think at all, she just moaned and arched off the bed. 
She still felt so empty and she needed him inside her but he’d moved out of reach. She couldn’t even ask him, she was too busy moaning to be able to speak so she slipped her leg over his hips and thrust against him.
He looked up at her, she managed to breathe “Please…” and she thrust her hips at him again. He didn’t need any more encouragement, he moved over her, supporting his weight on his arms. 
He was barely touching her. He didn’t move, he stayed motionless just savouring the moment and she felt as though he were still a million miles away. She wished she could ask him for what she wanted but that would have involved speaking and she wasn’t currently capable. All she could think of was the heat coming from his flesh, just millimetres away from touching her. 
She tried to arch against him to push him onward but he seemed to understand what she needed without her saying. His movement took her by surprise and she moaned loudly. He was so hot when he slipped between her lips but when he rubbed himself over her hard pearl she nearly shot off the bed. 
This time he captured her cry in his mouth. 
Only when she had calmed sufficiently did he slide inside her. 
They both cried out then. 
He stretched her wider than she thought possible and all her nerve endings were on fire with pleasurable sensations. This was sheer perfection. He held himself back, pausing to give her time to adjust but her muscles wouldn’t let him, they were clenching around him involuntarily so he started moving slowly to give them both some relief.
As soon as he began to move she realised that he was so thick and long that he was hitting the perfect spot inside her with each stroke, making hard ropes of desire coil in her belly. It was exquisite torture, his long slow strokes were driving her wild, but each time she thought her release was nearing he slowed, before resuming those teasing strokes again.
She was thrashing and moaning, desperate to gain some relief. She was so desperate to feel her own release that she wanted to do something to push him onward. She began by running her hands down his back cupping his bum trying to push him further and faster inside her but although he smiled, he still maintained the teasing rhythm that was driving her wild. 
It was only when she began to trail kisses along his jaw that something seemed to snap inside him, as her lips worked down to the hollow of his neck she could feel him speed up and his movements became rough and uncontrolled. All she could think of was what he was doing inside her, he thrust so hard and so deeply that she couldn’t breathe and she could feel her desire building up to a crescendo. He was speeding up now unable to stay in control, even though she knew he was trying to hold himself back until she came.
His movements were getting ragged and jerky and she knew he was near the edge. With that thought and one particularly long deep thrust she shattered, clenching herself around him and crying out her release. As her channel tightened around him he lost control, two hard deep thrusts and his body shuddered and she felt like he was pouring his soul into her. He buried his face in her neck his wordless cry echoing her own.
She went to hold him but he changed in a heartbeat. 
He was pushing her away, fighting to get his breathing under control and to get away from her. She tried again but he still wouldn’t let her kiss him and he kept turning his head away.
She was worried but she persisted, holding him gently turning him, forcing him to face her. He looked shaken and embarrassed and he tried to pull away again but she held his head keeping him still. He wouldn’t meet her eyes or let her kiss him but she still kept trying until he relented and she forced his lips open with her own. 
Then she felt them, Kayden’s fangs had descended. 
She understood now why he was holding her away and this time she let him, just running her hand gently down his back until he turned back to her.
“What’s the matter?”
His head was bowed and he looked smaller, shaken to the core by what had happened, “I’m sorry Zuli, I nearly lost control.” Elly thought that must mean that he’d wanted to drink from her. Even though this was the first time she’d thought about it, she realised she wouldn’t mind if he did but instead he was pulling away from her.
“Talk to me Kayden, tell me!”
He sat on the side of the bed his head in his hands “Zuli, I told you what I am.” His voice was harsh with self loathing, “I drink blood and I tried to drink yours! If I had lost control I would have killed you!”
“I know that Kayden but I trust you and I wouldn’t have minded.”
He looked up at her his eyes hard and cold, “I – I would have minded if I’d hurt you or worse if I’d killed you!”
She came up behind him and tried to put her arms around him, but he shook her off, “You know I didn’t mean that, but if you wanted to drink from me I wouldn’t mind.”
“You don’t know what you’re asking.” He paused and she put her arms around him again, he covered her hand with his, “I thought we could have something good Zuli,” he whispered, “but I am what I am and I’m not good enough for you.”
“Don’t I get a say in this?”
She rested her head on his back and she could feel the tension within him, it felt like he was about to cry, “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Then tell me.”
He started stroking her and she slipped around pressing herself against his chest. His arm came around her automatically and he buried his head in her hair. “Our symbiotes need blood to breed, but that gets mixed up with our human desires. If we loose control we’re like animals just eating and fucking. I’m so much stronger than you Zuli, if that happens I would literally tear you apart.”
She looked up at him and whispered, “I know,” she brushed her lips against his and he met her in the kiss. His arms came around her to pull her toward him and she thought she had got through to him. But he suddenly realised what he was doing and stood up pushing her away. Before she knew what had happened he had dressed at vampire speed and was out of the door.
She felt cold and dead inside as though she had been used and then thrown away. She wanted to give up because her heart felt like it was breaking into a million pieces but something kept her holding on. Something about Kayden was so right that she decided he was worth fighting for. 
She was still close to collapsing in tears, but then she realised something. 
Kayden must care about her or he’d not be so worried about hurting her and she stood up newly determined.

Nick arrived at the flat in time to see Kayden come storming into the lounge. He looked awful and he wouldn’t meet his eyes he just threw himself onto one of the sofas. Nick decided it was best to let him speak in his own time, pushing Kay at the moment seemed foolish because he looked like he was about to explode.
Nick put the bag on the coffee table and sat down.
Elly came bouncing in, she sat next to Kay and he immediately shifted to the end of the sofa. Undeterred Elly moved up to him again. Nick watched the exasperated look he threw at her and the way he tried to minimise all contact. He couldn’t help the small smile and raised eyebrow. Something had clearly happened between them. Elly grinned over at him, clearly enjoying his reaction.
“Did you bring half my flat or something?” she asked, suddenly noticing the enormous bag on the coffee table.
“Well I thought you might want some things. You can’t go back yet, Marcus had two human thugs watching the place.” It was his turn to look embarrassed, “I did my best, I can’t promise I’ve got everything you need but I did try.”
Kay looked concerned about the news but Nick just nodded at him, letting him know all was as well as it could be.
“What is it with men and packing?”
Elly was pulling things out of the bag, socks, underwear, trousers, shoes; until eventually she found the jewellery box. She scrabbled through the costume stuff and pulled out a large Victorian locket. She took a long look at it, settling back against Kay as she did so. Nick’s eyes narrowed when Kay flinched from her touch.
Elly was still fiddling with the locket, “Any idea how I open this thing? I can’t remember.” She held it out to Kay who took it as though her touch burned.
“There is a catch here.” He was concentrating and didn’t notice he was relaxing against Elly. By the time he had opened it, Elly was resting on his shoulder and casting triumphant looks at Nick. He smiled back, suppressing the thought that the next few days were going to be interesting.
Kay handed the locket to Elly and as though he only now realised what he’d done he pulled away from her but this time she didn’t notice, she was too busy staring at the open locket. Eventually she took a deep breath and pulled a piece of paper from it. 
It was really thin and old so she unfolded it carefully on the table. They watched her read it in silence, Nick could see the tears in her eyes and guessed it was something from her father.
“What does it say?” Nick had expected Kay to ask her and to comfort her, but whatever had happened was obviously stopping him so Nick stepped in and asked instead.
She turned her tear stained face to Nick and said, “My dad said…” With that she burst into tears and practically leaped on Kayden. He tried not to put his arms around her but Nick could see his resolve crumbling in the face of Elly’s need and soon he was murmuring soft words of comfort.
He gestured to the letter and Nick read it aloud, 
Zuli,
If you are reading this, something bad has happened to me and you need guidance. I left this letter as my master said we must go into hiding and I’m afraid.
I have told you a little bit about the bad men, but they are not all the same. Some of them will be different from the rest, my master says that is because some of them are good and some are bad. Regardless, one of them will feel special to you. My master says I must keep you hidden so that you never meet this one but I risked everything because I believe it would be wrong to do that. So Zuli if you are lucky enough to meet this one, trust your heart, trust this man and you will be safe.
I love you Zuli,
Dad
PS I left my journal where you used to hide your bear.
“What does he mean bear?”
Elly stayed pressed against Kayden, “I used to hide it in the summerhouse there was a secret panel, well I thought that’s what it was when I was little.”
“You had a bear when you were little?” Nick and Kay exchanged perplexed looks.
“Yea.”
“Why didn’t it suffocate when you hid it?”
Elly laughed a strange watery gurgle,“It was a teddy bear, a stuffed toy,” Elly suddenly sat up looking at them with wide eyes, “Oh my god, that’s so freaky, I forgot they were only invented in the 1920s.”
Nick grinned, “Hay! We may be old but we look good on it”
“Nick!”
“Looks aside then, though who’d want to put my looks to one side? What next?”
“I guess we need to go and get the journal. It might give us a clue about the rest of their plan.”
“You’ll need to get the interdiction lifted.”
“I’ll do that if you organise the car.”
“Elly, can you remember where we need to go?”
“Oh, it was big Victorian house In Scotland near Fort William I think, I remember seeing the railway from the garden, but I still don’t think I know the address.”

The two vampires left her in the lounge and went to opposite ends of the flat to make phone calls, gone was the easy camaraderie they were suddenly all business.
Elly kept looking at the letter, it was as if her father had known she would meet Kayden one day. She’d already decided that she wanted to risk whatever would happen between her and Kayden but having her father affirm it just made her more determined. She could hear Kayden’s deep voice rumbling from the kitchen. She started to listen just because it made her feel safe to be near him.
“Donald, any new cases?”
“Good, get Emrys to keep looking for the missing vamps and I’ll get the interdict lifted. We need to get to Fort William.”
“Yes having you back in Edinburgh might be useful but we may need you with us, we can’t advertise this and we may need backup.”
“Oh really, in that case look into the solicitors first, but don’t announce that we’re going there.”
“Yea, let us know if you find anything.”
She could hear him pacing about as he dialled another number, but this time she didn’t understand what he was saying.
“Kayden Nal Zurek ego sum. Ego ad loqui Deitmar1.”
There was a pause before Kayden said “Deitmar?”
“Nein, Ist mir egal, wenn er i in einer sitzung ist, müssen jetzt mit ihm sprechen!2” There was a longer pause accompanied by more pacing and all she could hear now was Nick arranging the car for later. Then Kayden’s voice deep and sure from the kitchen.
“Ja, Deitmar.”
“I need to get the interdiction lifted. I’ve found the cause of the outbreak.” He was silent for a long while, presumably listening to the person at the other end.
“Not exactly, I think it may be connected to the rebel research projects.”
“I need proof, but it maybe part of something bigger.”
“That’s why I’m telling you and not Leo, we need to be ready this time.”
“Marcus Isra keeps cropping up.”
“Of course, I’ll keep you in the loop as well.”
“I have. Donald and Nick are with me.”
“Danke Deitmar, Mach's gut3.”
Kayden came back in and sat as far away from Elly as he could. She tried not to feel hurt by it, but it was hard not to feel that way. She was only here because of him. Even as she thought that she wondered how many more people would have died if he hadn’t come. She looked over at him but he wouldn’t meet her eyes, instead he spoke to Nick.
“What’s happening with the car?”
“One of Emrys’ vamps is leaving mine in a car park in the bay but I’m getting him to put our kit in it first.”
“How long?”
“He said to give it an hour so it’s dark enough, then we can get started. Elly can sleep in the car while we drive.”
“I know you don’t eat, but don’t you guys sleep either?”
“We can go days without sleep if we have to,” Kay replied, “but it’s best if we get a few hours, we can take it in turns, it’s going to take us all night to get there.”
By the time Elly had put everything back in her bag it was time to get going. Nick picked it up like it weighed nothing and Kayden ushered her out of the flat. A big black 4×4 flashed its lights for Nick and the two vamps were soon checking the equipment in the back. 
It was suddenly all too real when they started getting swords out and strapping them to their waists. Nick ushered her into the back of the car before she could think too much about it and handed her a blanket with one of his trademark winks.
They drove for what seemed like hours in silence and eventually Elly started to doze. Being alone in the back of the car felt like she was in another world far away from the silent brooding men at the front. She was suddenly so lonely and all she could think of was the feel of Kayden’s arms around her and how much she missed it. She hoped she could get that feeling back sometime soon. She had no idea how to make it happen but she was sure it was meant to be. For now she huddled deeper under the blanket and tired not to think about it.
She felt a hand reach over and pull the blanket up a bit more and she half opened her eyes in time to see Kayden turning away. He suddenly turned the air con on full.
Nick spoke quietly, “What’s that about?”
“Can’t you feel it?”
“No what?”
“She’s producing that smell again.”
“And it’s still affecting you the same way?”
“Yea, it’s getting unbearable.”
“Kay, it’s only affecting you like that mate. It’s making me hungry, but it’s easier to resist now.”
“How?”
“Dunno, but I think it means she’s chosen you. Look I dunno what happened between you two but I’m not blind.”
“I know Nick, but I can’t be with her…” Kayden paused, whatever he was about to say was being wrung out of him, “I can’t trust myself, I was so close to being out of control.”
“We all get like that once in a while but you obviously stopped yourself.”
“I don’t get that close Nick. That was way too dangerous.”
“I heard rumours that your sire was hot on control. I mean all of ours were, but on bad days, mine used to threaten me with yours… He told me about some insane punishments, I thought at the time he was making them up but…” Nick noticed Kayden shuddered at the memories but he continued, “I’ve not asked before ’cos… well… but they say he would do things like flay your skin off and if you couldn’t maintain control in that state he’d do it again and again until you could.”
“Yea that’s about right.” Kayden’s voice was flat, attempting to cut off the discussion.
“Damn! I was expecting you to deny that one!” Nick shuffled uncomfortably and Elly wondered what else he was thinking about, Kayden obviously was having the same thoughts.
“Enough Nick!”
“Sorry mate. But you heard the letter, I think you two are meant to be and I think you should trust it.”
Kayden took a deep breath and Elly could see him square his shoulders, bracing himself before whispering, “Have you seen what happens?” Nick shook his head, “My sire gave me a woman when I was less than a month old. He let me rip her to pieces so I could see why control was so important.” Kayden passed his hand over his face, “I can still remember her screaming and screaming until I ripped her throat out.”
“Shit!”
“You still think I should give her a chance?” Nick didn’t say anything, “Do you know what it would do to me if it was Elly I left broken and bleeding?” Kayden was snapping the words out but he quieted before saying raggedy, “Do you really think I can take that chance?”
“It’s ok, I get it!”
Elly couldn’t believe what she’d heard, no wonder Kayden had pulled away. But she really believed in her heart that it was meant to be and her father’s letter had only corroborated that belief. She’d known it was a risk and now she knew exactly how much of a risk it was. If she got it wrong, she would literally be ripped to death. She was sure that she wanted to take the risk for herself but did she really have the right to choose for him? 
If she got it wrong he would be devastated, she knew that from the way he’d acted earlier but if she didn’t try she would have to live her life without him in it and she wasn’t sure she could do that. Even in such a short time she’d realised that she didn’t want to say goodbye to him. She was still mulling it over when she dropped off to sleep.

Chapter 5
~ Scotland – Memories~
Kayden was debating whether to wake Elly. They’d made good time and dawn was just breaking when he’d pulled up at the house Donald had booked for them. He’d taken the bags inside and she still hadn’t woken so he reached in and picked her up. She stirred then, moaning softly and pressed into him. He focussed on drawing all emotion from himself, or at least trying to, but thoughts of kissing her still threatened to intrude.
He placed her carefully on the sofa, she was still fast asleep so he allowed himself the luxury of stroking her face. Nick was right, he thought she’d chosen him too but she really didn’t understand what he was. If she knew, she’d surely turn from him but even if she didn’t, he couldn’t risk marring such perfection. He stood up sighing and realised Nick had been watching. Nick didn’t press the point though, he just nodded.
They headed for the kitchen to let Elly sleep. 
“Did Donald find the house?” Nick whispered.
“No he couldn’t get anywhere with the solicitors without giving the game away. He said he'd checked out the company but Marcus’ fingerprints are all over it. You know Donald he’s cautious but he knows what’s at stake. He told me he’d rather not risk it until we have no other choice.”
Nick opened the fridge and found food and bagged blood, “At least he stocked the house.” 
“He always was practical.”
They warmed the blood and drank it slowly, grimacing at the taste, but they needed to be well fed so that they could resist Elly’s scent. Kayden was running over possibilities in his head and he knew Nick was doing the same when they heard a cry from the other room. He’d run in there, his heart in his mouth, before he’d realised what he was doing.
Elly was sitting up on the sofa looking around wildly. He cursed himself when he noticed that her breathing was fast and rapid; part of him was focusing on her breasts and the rest of him wanted to hold her to make her fear go away. But she was already calming and the gold had started to fade from her eyes as soon as she saw him. 
“We’ve arrived in the house Donald rented for us.” Kayden knew he was being brusque but it was the only way he could force himself not to cradle her in his arms.
She held out her hand, he knew she needed his touch to help remove the last traces of her fear. He tried to turn away so that he didn’t weaken or give her false hope, but at the last minute he dropped his hand to her shoulder and squeezed briefly. 
She put her hand over his and he cursed his own weakness. 
She saw Nick come in, he was still sipping his blood. “Well there’s obviously food for you here, did Donald remember me?”
Nick grinned, “There’s stuff in the fridge for you as well.”
“Do I want to know how he got it all here so fast?”
“If you asked Donald he’d probably tell you in great detail,” Nick grimaced, “I learned not to ask a long time ago.”
“True.”
Elly gave his hand another squeeze and that’s when Kayden realised he’d forgotten to move it. He jerked away watching Nick flinch. He was surprised that Elly didn’t react, maybe he’d been mistaken maybe she didn’t care as much as he’d thought. 
He tried very hard to convince himself he was glad. 

Elly had gone for a shower and Nick and Kayden were checking their swords and putting their armour back on. They were both silent, they’d done this too often before. Nick had once hoped they’d never have to do this again, but it seemed that since the war started they could never quite break free of it.
Kayden got up and went outside, he had always liked to get a feel for the country they were working in. Nick sighed, before he was a full day-walker he’d always been left inside waiting for Kay to come back. He thought this time he would go out and join him, being left inside on his own again was bringing back too many memories but Elly came out of the shower before he had a chance to get up and she headed for the kitchen. She’d changed, opting for practical trousers and a warm long sleeved jumper. 
“I’m glad you brought some practical stuff,” she smiled, “though I’m not sure I’m going to have a use for the summer dresses.”
“I’m not very good at packing and I was a bit pushed for time.” Nick replied defensively.
She grinned at him, “Seriously Nick, thanks! I’m glad you thought if it. I haven’t known if I’m on my head or my heels since this started.”
Nick’s sixth sense was warning him there was trouble ahead, she had something on her mind and he guessed it probably had something to do with Kay. He thought about running outside even though he knew that it was cowardly, but before he could put the idea into action she blurted out. “I heard you in the car last night!”
The pieces fell into place, he’d wondered why she’d been so understanding of Kay’s behaviour, now it made sense. All he said though was “I see.”
“I don’t know what to do.”
Nick honestly didn’t know what to say, he could see the problem from both sides, so he temporised “I can’t tell you what to do.”
“I know that, but you know him better than me, what would happen if I get it wrong?”
“He’ll never be the same again.” Nick answered without hesitation, but as he reflected on it, Kay wouldn’t be the same however it worked out. 
“I know, but I believe my dad and it feels right.”
“I still can’t tell you what to do.” Nick said, then he paused before blurting out, “But if it were me, I’d follow my heart.”
Elly laughed, “It’s not going to be easy to get him to change his mind is it?”
Nick laughed too, “You’re already getting to know him too well.”

Kayden came in to see them both laughing, they seemed to be laughing at him but he didn’t have time to worry about it now. “Are we ready?” He asked sharply.
“Let me get some food to take with us, you two may not need to eat all day but I do.”
Elly sat in the front seat this time and Kay drove, Nick had the maps in the back and directed him to anywhere he thought they could see the railway.
Kayden was becoming exasperated, they’d been at it all day and they were no closer to finding the house, Elly was sad and only Nick seemed to have anything resembling optimism left.
“Take the next right!”
“I think we probably need to get Donald to get the address from the solicitors.”
“Give it a bit longer Kay.”
“I’m sorry, I really thought I’d recognise it when I saw it.”
“It’s ok Zuli, Donald will get the address.”
“Left here Kay!” Nick said guiding them onto minor road.
“Go to the end and turn right.” Ellie suddenly got excited. Kay only raised an eyebrow, so Elly pleaded, “I think I know this place, please Kay.”
“But we can’t see the railway from there.” objected Nick.
“Well, it’s the only place Elly has recognised.” Kayden temporised but he drove to the right. The road was surrounded by trees and wound along the side of a hill when suddenly the trees ended and they could see a white Victorian house with a square tower, it was surrounded by a substantial wall and backed onto the hill
“That’s it! That’s it!” Elly was bouncing and craning her neck trying to get the best view of the house.
Kay drove past slowly. 
“Why aren’t you stopping?”
“We need to make sure there aren’t any ‘bad men’ first.”
“Oh!” Elly’s face fell.
Kayden couldn’t help himself, he reached over and squeezed her hand. The way she held it made him feel like she was relying on him for her strength and he wished he was strong enough to be what she wanted him to be.
They rounded the hill and they looked down on a valley with the railway winding through the bottom of it.
“See Nick, I told you there was a viaduct.” She was still bouncing in the seat. 
Nick laughed, “You were right Elly. Now you need to stay here while we do our stuff and make sure it’s safe.”
Kayden pulled into the side of the road out of sight of the house.
Kayden and Nick got out of the car, from force of habit, they checked their swords then they split up to look at both sides of the house. 
Kayden checked everything around the car a second time, he hated leaving Elly alone when everything inside him wanted to stay and protect her but Nick was sweeping round to the front and Elly was still safe in the car so he forced his attention back to the house. He used his enhanced strength to leap up the hill so he could look over the wall and into the back of the property. 
He could see a large garden and a shrubbery with some stone buildings in the distance. What was most worrying was that he could see a human walking across the grass, heading back into the house. 
Out of habit he checked the time, the sun was dipping toward the horizon, so it was definitely a human, though at this distance he couldn’t rule out a thrall. He extended his senses and realised that the one he could see wasn’t the only human there, he could sense at least two more. There were also shuttered rooms upstairs and those rooms held sleeping vampires. Kayden could sense the symbiotes from here so that told him there was either one old vampire there or there were several younger ones and given the current events he thought the latter more likely. If he had to guess he would have said about twenty or thirty young vamps. That worried him, all the towns here were small, there wouldn’t be enough humans to feed so many sustainably. He wanted answers but they would have to wait, it was too close to sunset to risk a confrontation so he headed back to the car.
He wanted to get Elly away as quickly as possible if she produced her scent around so many hungry young vamps he was doubtful whether he and Nick could protect her. He arrived back at the car at the same time as Nick and they got in quickly and quietly. 
“There’s vamps and humans in there.”
“Yup lots too, I saw three humans but I couldn’t tell if they were thralls or not tho.” Nick corroborated as they started to drive off.
“Aren’t we going to get the book?”
“Zuli, there are too many to risk it when it’s getting dark, if you make your scent there may be too many for us to keep you safe.” Kay said gently, “We need to be cautious about this, we’ll come back first thing tomorrow when we know the vamps will be sleeping.”

Elly was tired and disappointed when they got back to the cottage, she’d really wanted to go and see the house. But Kayden was right, she didn’t want a run in with bad men. Even so,  knowing how close they were, she couldn’t help feeling devastated that contact with her father had been snatched from her again. 
She made herself something to eat, Donald had provided something for every occasion, she supposed he had just covered all the bases as he didn’t know much about her. But she made herself a chicken salad and sat on the sofa to eat it. She was half way through when Kayden came back and flopped down on the other sofa.
“It’s not as romantic as the last time is it?” She said waving the fork.
Almost against his will Kayden smiled at her, she could feel her heart lift and she wished she knew how to keep it like that permanently.
“Don’t knock it, at least you can eat it.”
“Do you miss eating?”
“In all honesty Zuli,” Elly suppressed a jump for joy, as long as he used the nickname she could believe she still had a chance, “I spend most of my time with other vamps so it never occurs to me. Then I spend time around people like you and I want to join you.”
“But I saw you drinking wine.”
“Oh I can do it in small amounts, but it doesn’t really agree with my digestion.”
“Ohhh TMI!”
“Definitely too much information if it’s anything like the pain I had to suffer when you made me eat all that pasta in Naples.” Neither of them had noticed Nick coming back.
“I’d forgotten about that!” Kay said smiling at the memory.
“Ahh the good old days, when you used to make me act as the decoy.”
“What can I say, you keep telling me you’re prettier than me. Anyway, the rebels would have recognised me.”
“Yes but Elly, what he’s not telling you is he put me in the clutches of a gang of rebels so we could find their nest – which turned out to be much bigger than he expected!”
“I got you out!”
“Yea by going through the sewers!”
Elly loved their easy camaraderie, they were both smiling at the shared memory. When they were like this Elly wanted nothing more than to be with them. Kayden looked so relaxed and he was smiling across at her but she knew the moment would come when he would realise what he was doing and he would shut himself off again. 
There! She saw him turn away, Nick looked at her and she swore he shrugged his shoulders, but the movement was so slight she couldn’t be sure.
There was no sense in pushing him so she went to the kitchen and grabbed one of the puddings from the fridge.

Nick wished there was something he could do to help them. But much as he would love them to have a romantic happy ending, he remembered how he had felt on the occasions he’d lost control and he couldn’t find it in him to blame Kay.
When Elly came back she was dipping a spoon into a pot of chocolate, her attention almost entirely focussed on the gooey desert. Nick briefly wondered what it tasted like, he and Kay had been turned long before chocolate existed. Kay must have been thinking the same thing as he looked at Nick, “Maybe she’s right and there are some things we’re missing out on?”
Elly flopped on the sofa between them, licking the chocolate off the spoon.
“You’re welcome to try some.”
“I wouldn’t say that if I were you, you’ve not been round Kay’s digestion for long.”
“I’ll trust your judgement on that one.”
“Probably wise,” Kayden responded good humouredly, “but did I tell you about Nick trying to be cool and drinking wine for the first time?”
Nick let Kay tell the story, even if he didn’t tell it quite the way Nick remembered it. 
He watched as Elly relaxed against Kay who was obviously enjoying it. Nick couldn’t help feeling a growing uneasiness, he wished he could talk about it to Kay but he knew Kay had already made up his mind. 
The closeness was cheering Elly up and stopping Kay from brooding, so he encouraged it with a small reminiscence here and a question there to keep the conversation going. That’s how they spent the rest of the evening, until eventually Elly grew quiet and they realised she had fallen asleep leaning on Kayden.
Nick couldn’t help the smile, they both looked so right together, but he got up and fetched a blanket to keep her warm. She’d been producing her scent since it had got dark and he had watched Kay responding to it, letting her get closer and stroking her gently without even being aware that he was doing it. Nick couldn’t help but wonder where it would lead. He put the blanket gently over her and tucked it in, he felt so sorry for her that he brushed a soft kiss on her forehead.
Kay’s growl reverberated around the room.
Nick jumped back as though scalded and immediately assumed a defensive stance. Kay’s eyes were narrowed and he was staring him down, fangs extended. It took all of Nick’s willpower not to respond. He forced himself to stand still and look at Kay, waiting to see what he would do. He still had his arm around Elly, but he was calming and his fangs retracted so Nick felt safe enough to sit down but if this was a sign of things to come, Nick was more worried than ever.
“Sorry Nick.” Kay passed a hand over his face, obviously just as shocked as Nick by what had happened. 
“I understand Kay, but it’s getting worse mate,” Kay nodded, “I understand your choice but I think the longer you leave it the more likely it’s going to be that something does go wrong.”
“I’m too close to the edge Nick, I can’t risk it.” He looked frankly at Nick, “I’ve not felt like this since I got my independence.”
“I wish I could help.”
They nodded in acknowledgement and spent the next several hours sitting and talking quietly about innocuous subjects.

They’d run out of things to say a while ago but Kayden couldn’t stop thinking of how close he’d come to attacking his friend. Nick had a point he knew, but he couldn’t risk anything happening to Elly. If he cared about her less he might have been willing to take the risk.
He heard a noise and frowned over at Nick. It was obvious Nick had heard it too. They both listened intently trying to determine if it was an animal or a threat. They heard something rattle a window and they knew it wasn’t an animal. 
Kay laid Elly carefully on the sofa and stood up. They had their swords drawn to go and investigate but, before they could go outside, Elly started to wake up. They both put their fingers to their lips and Elly’s wide eyed stare coupled with a loud thump from outside indicated she’d understood.
Kay waved his fingers in a sign to Nick that he should go one way while Kay took the other. So they went through the front door and separated. Kay turned to the right and went around the low roofed cottage, scanning for anywhere a vamp could be hiding. As he rounded the corner he could see one trying to break in through a window.
He stopped momentarily to watch it. It seemed mindless, unable to work out the simple movements that would open the window. Kay decided to test his theory and he openly walked up to the vamp. Nothing happened. It was still concentrating on rattling the window fruitlessly. Even when Kayden tapped it on the shoulder it didn’t react. 
Kay sighed and lopped its head off; at least this one vaporised.
He carried on walking around the house and met Nick by the back door.
“I got one,” he whispered, “completely oblivious.”
“Yea me too.”
“I suppose it’s Elly attracting them?”
Kay fought down another growl, the thought of others being attracted to his Elly triggered something primitive within him. He wished he could leave and let Elly live her life safely without him, but they both needed to be here to find the journal. He’d tried thinking of ways they could do this without her but until they found it he knew they needed her to stay with them. If he was honest with himself Kay also didn’t trust other vampires would be able to resist her scent.
They shrugged, there was nothing else they could do so they headed back in through the back door. 
The scream and the lightening flash made Nick jump but Kayden recognised it at once and his heart was in his mouth. He knew that meant a ‘bad man’ had reached Elly. He sprinted forward his only thought her safety and Nick wasn’t far behind him.
The vamp was already running out the front door, Kayden looked at Nick who sprinted off after it.
Kayden rushed to Elly, she was terrified and without thinking he gathered her into his arms. The way she clung to him nearly made him abandon all his resolutions. All he could think of to do was to hold her close and whisper nonsense words. I’m here, it’s ok, it’s all over, I have you. She had calmed by the time Nick came back, though she did flinch at his sudden entrance. Kay settled her back on his lap, no one was going to take her from him and he wanted her to know that.
Nick flopped down on the other sofa, “OK now I see what you mean about the flashy eyes – impressive.”
“Don’t suppose you recognised the vamps?”
“Nope, think we might have to start an official licensing programme.”
“This is a bit too much like old times.”
“Yea, I think we should go old school. You stay with Elly somewhere defensible and I’ll guard the perimeter.”
“Can you check in with Donald as well? We’re technically in his jurisdiction he may know about these vamps, but to be honest I doubt it, they’re too weak.”
“Yea, I’ve not seen anything like this since the war.”
Elly shuffled in his lap and he held her closer, before getting up and heading to the bedroom.
He turned his back while Elly got under the covers, but he couldn’t help noticing that she had stripped completely. He felt his cock twitch in response, but he ruthlessly clamped down his emotions. He propped his sword next to the bed and leant against the pillows. This was going to be a long night.

Elly woke up with his big warm body curled up around her. She remembered that she’d been freezing, it was probably a combination of being so scared and the fact the bed really was cold. She’d just lain there shivering until Kayden stripped off his clothes and came in with her. He hadn’t said anything just wrapped her up in his arms, holding her close until she felt safe and began to warm. He hadn’t relaxed, he’d stayed on guard, watching over her, keeping her safe, but sometime in the night he’d obviously slipped into sleep.
She was still facing away from him but he was enfolding her and she could feel his warm body pressing against every inch of her back. She was sure he was still asleep as his breathing was deeper, more relaxed than she’d ever heard it but there was unmistakeable evidence of his arousal pressing into her.
She wiggled a bit, but he wouldn’t let her go, he just stirred slightly and pulled her close again. It was wonderful waking up like this, knowing how much he cared and, not for the first time, she wished she could convince him they were meant to be together. But now she was imprisoned, not that she was complaining, but she couldn’t do much to take advantage of the situation and she wanted him so very, very much. 
Just feeling his hardness was making her wet and needy and she pressed back against him. She managed to slide his hand so that it was cupping her breast and she tried to rub herself against him. She could feel him waking now, his hand was massaging her breast and he was pushing himself against her, increasing the friction between them.
She tried to adjust the angle, trying to let him enter her slick channel. He seemed to be helping her and she could suddenly feel him hot and hard between her folds. She pushed against him feeling him start to slip inside. She gasped the pleasure was so intense.
“No!” He yelled and pulled away before she could stop him.
By the time she’d turned over he’d slammed and locked the bathroom door. She could hear something that sounded like him thumping the wall before the shower was turned on full blast.
She got out of bed and got dressed automatically. She felt empty and unfulfilled, but more importantly her heart was breaking. She felt like he’d dropped her off a high building and she was still falling. She didn’t know what would happen when she hit the ground. Perhaps that would be when she admitted to herself that they wouldn’t ever be together, but she wasn’t ready to do that just yet.
She trailed miserably out to the kitchen because she had a feeling Kayden would stay in the bathroom until after she’d left, however long that took.
Nick was still in the lounge his sword drawn and resting on his lap. He didn’t say anything as she passed through. But by the time she’d started to make breakfast he was standing behind her. He rested his hand on her shoulder and that was all it took to break down her fragile self control. She turned and buried her face in his neck. She couldn’t help the tears, they were flowing freely and Nick was patting her awkwardly on the back.
“Oh Nick!” Was about all she could manage as an explanation.
He didn’t say anything, he just stood there stiffly but he held her and patted her again. She couldn’t help a weak watery smile at his ineptitude and she pulled back, not wanting him to suffer too much.
As she did so Kayden came in and Nick jumped back to the other side of the kitchen as though she’d electrocuted him. She had never seen him look like that, he was scared of Kayden.
They’d been friends for centuries and now, because of her, Nick was scared of his friend. All she was doing was bringing trouble to them, she’d made the ones in Cardiff kill each other and now Nick and Kayden were fighting. She tried to run out of the room, tears once again overcoming her, but Kayden wouldn’t let her go. His arm shot out and blocked the door. She turned blindly away not wanting him to see her dissolve but he put his arms around her. He was still hard and unyielding but just that little gesture made her realise that somewhere inside he did care.
She sniffed and reached for the kitchen roll and Kay’s arms dropped from around her. She couldn’t be sure, because his face quickly assumed an impassive mask, but she thought that she’d caught a fleeting glimpse of something she could only describe as lost and forlorn. If he hadn’t hidden it so quickly, she wouldn’t have been able to resist hugging it away.
But now he and Nick were acting as though nothing had happened, drinking the bagged blood and making preparations to go and get her father’s diary. She ate quickly and joined them in the car.
Chapter 6
~ Searching for answers ~
Kayden drove, it was much easier now that he knew where he was going so it wasn’t long before he’d pulled up at the same spot as yesterday. “Where is the summerhouse?”
“In the woods, there’s a path from the garden.”
“We’ll have to walk it. Nick can you stay with the car and keep an eye on the humans?”
Nick nodded.
“Elly, we’re going to have to be very quiet and careful, I don’t want to alert the humans. They might try and stop us.”
Elly nodded and let Kayden pick her up. He walked up to the wall and leaped into the garden quickly and quietly, trusting that Elly would hold on. He paused for a moment, hidden behind a large rhododendron and checked the house and grounds. Then he took off running through the garden, trying not to disturb anything, completely focussed on keeping out of sight of the humans he could sense in the house. 
He tried very hard not to think of how good Elly felt in his arms but every time he tried not to think of it, that’s exactly what he thought about. He was being distracted and he needed to focus but he could feel his cock thick and upright in his trousers, even the cold shower he’d taken this morning hadn’t had any effect. His thoughts kept drifting back to waking with her in his arms. She had felt so warm and welcoming around him, but he mustn’t go there! 
He gritted his teeth and followed Elly’s whispered directions getting them out of the garden as quickly as he could.
When they were safely on the woodland path and out of sight of the house he put her down. She kept her hand in his and he didn’t have the heart to make her remove it.
There were a maze of paths in this woodland and Elly couldn’t remember which one they needed so they had to methodically search all of them.
Luckily there was phone signal so he checked in with Nick. “It’s going to take longer than we thought, it’s a maze in here.”
“I’m sorry it doesn’t look like I remember.” Elly apologised hoping Nick would hear too.
“I know Zuli, don’t worry.”
“Aye, stay there Nick as long as you’ve not been spotted.”
“Thanks mate.”
Kay put the phone down and turned to Elly, she looked so small and alone.
“I’m letting you down, I just wish I could remember more.”
Kayden sat down on a convenient rock and pulled Elly with him. “It really is ok. We know that Marcus affected your memory, it’s not your fault Zuli.”
“I don’t want to let you down.”
“You haven’t let us down, I’m proud of you Zuli, I can’t think of anyone else who would have coped with this as well as you.”
Against his better judgement he pulled her into a hug. Although he knew he couldn’t be with her the way she wanted, it broke him up inside to see her so alone and so lost. He pulled back before he got carried away, telling himself that it was because they needed to keep moving.
They tried several more paths to no avail when they rounded a corner and saw a small statue of a fairy hidden amongst the leaves. Elly suddenly got excited and she took off running.
Kay cursed to himself. He didn’t want her running into anything before he’d checked it out but he’d not seen her this happy since… He shut down that line of thought and quickly substituted the night he’d first met her. He knew what was upsetting her but he couldn’t go there now, he needed to keep her safe first.
He ran to keep up with her but even with his enhanced speed he nearly didn’t get to the building before she did. She tore round a corner and there was a small stone building in front of them. It obviously hadn’t been used for years, the paint on the door was peeling and the walls and windows were covered in ivy.
He reached out and held Elly’s hand bringing her to a standstill. She was about to say something, but he put his finger to his lips and she shut her mouth. He could feel his heart swelling, she had clearly realised he needed to make sure it was safe and he was so proud of her. 
He checked for anyone else in the vicinity, when he didn’t find anything he let go of her hand so she could go in at her own pace. She stopped with her hand on the handle. He felt like someone had kicked him, all the air seemed to whoosh out of his chest when she found the door was locked. She looked so crestfallen that he wanted to hold her again.
“It’s ok, I’ve got this.” He said with a light smile. He stepped up and turned the handle pushing hard on the door. With his enhanced strength and added motivation there wasn’t a door in the world that was going to survive. He wasn’t expecting her hug of gratitude and his breath caught. He was annoyed with himself for betraying his true feelings but she’d taken his hand and was pulling him inside.
It was just an empty stone room, stone flagged floor, stone walls and a huge stone fireplace. There was even a bay window on one side with a stone window seat. There wasn’t much decoration everything was plain, even the fireplace. Kayden was at a loss to see where a book could have been hidden. 
Elly was spinning round in a circle in the centre, clearly reliving memories. Kayden watched her, smiling at her silliness. They didn’t have time, but there was no way he was going to spoil this for her. So he waited ready to catch her when she wobbled, dizzy from all the spinning. He nearly kissed her. She looked so gorgeous with her bright happy smile that he wanted this moment to last forever, he could feel his lips curling up in a matching smile and his resolve was crumbling.
Elly pulled away this time and she headed for the window seat. She knelt in front of it and pushed at the corner of one of the stone blocks. It was on a magnetic catch, the whole block popped out and a cupboard was revealed behind it.
On the lower shelf was a large leather bound book while the upper held a stuffed brown and white toy. It didn’t look much like a bear to Kayden but by the way Elly hugged it and burst into tears this must be the teddy bear she’d talked about earlier. It sounded like her heart was breaking. He guessed that the effects of Marcus’ symbiotes were wearing off completely and she was remembering her father’s death.
He went to her and took her and the slightly musty stuffed bear into his arms. She collapsed onto his shoulder crying her heart out but all he could do was whisper what words of comfort he could, soft meaningless sounds to let her know she wasn’t alone. 
She turned her tear stained face up to him and whispered “Thank you…”
He couldn’t resist her, she looked both woebegone and happy at the same time and he was enraptured. His mouth swooped down on hers and she opened her lips for him, her tongue seeking his. The kiss deepened and Kayden threatened to drown in the sensations, his body was completely out of his control. His fangs had descended and Elly was exploring them with her tongue. He couldn’t stop her. He didn’t want to stop her. It was as though his fangs were connected directly to his cock, each time she licked them his cock responded. He pushed it against her belly knowing that he needed to have her warmth and wetness surround him. Only the knowledge that they were in a dangerous situation enabled him to keep his head. He had to pull back this time, not because he wanted to but because they had to get back to safety.
He was as shaken as Elly, they were both breathing heavily and all Kay could do was to rest his forehead against hers while he recovered. It was taking more strength of will each time to break away from her. He was honest enough to admit that if they’d not been in danger he’d never have had the strength to deny her this time, to deny himself.
They needed to get to the cottage but Kayden didn’t want to have to take on humans unless he had to, they left embarrassing evidence and led to dealings with the human authorities. Fortunately, Elly remembered the quickest way back, the path was marked with the little fairy statues and it only took five minutes to reach the garden. 
Kayden stopped while he checked the house and grounds, he was still shaken by the force of his reactions to Elly but he forced himself to concentrate. They were on the other side of the house this time and there was less cover here. He could feel three humans moving about but the vamps were all asleep. He looked at the sun, automatically checking the time, it was still early afternoon so he wouldn’t have to worry about the vamps for a while. He thought the humans were on the far side of the house so Kayden picked Elly up again and sprinted across the grounds toward the road. They heard a shout from the house. Kay cursed and kept running, leaping the far wall and sprinting straight to the car. 

Nick had a really boring day, he didn’t know what had taken them so long, even Kay’s call didn’t do much to relieve the monotony. Nick wasn’t suited to waiting around, his sire had told him off for impatience more times than he could count. 
He had cursed his sire’s harshness so many times over the years but, in light of Kay’s revelations, he realised it could have been much worse. He might just have to phone him up and say something. Luckily, he’d realised it was the boredom talking before he actually did something about it.
It was lunchtime when the first exciting thing happened, a human came. He tried to hold a conversation with Nick finding out where he was from, what he was doing there. It took all of his considerable ingenuity to invent some plausible lies.
Unfortunately, an hour later the same human came back. Nick had followed him the first time and he’d seen him go back into the house so he knew they were under suspicion. He tried to bluff it out – yes I’m waiting for a train to cross the viaduct, It’s going to look really pretty, no I haven’t got my good camera this trip was a bit unexpected, I’m going to have to use my phone, but he was soon running out of things to say about scenery and trains. The man was persistent to say the least and kept trying to make Nick move on, there may well be a better place in the next valley but Nick was happy here, no it’s ok he didn’t mind if the farmer brought the cows through, he was sure he was quite happy and didn’t need to visit a cafe in the next town. 
The man just wasn’t giving up, eventually all Nick could do was to knock him out and hope for the best.
He put the unconscious man out of sight propped up against the wall of the house and hoped he would be okay and that he wouldn’t wake up too soon.
That’s why he was sitting in the driver’s seat ready to go when Kay came running up at full speed carrying Elly. They piled into the back of the car and Nick drove off as fast as he could.
There was only one road out of the valley so when he saw the silver car came up behind them it was obvious where it had come from.
“Belt up back there.”
“Tail?”
“Yea, I’ll try and loose them.”
“It’s got to be one of the humans it’s still too light!”
“Makes no odds we still have to loose them.”
Nick was driving as fast as he dared, using his enhanced reactions to break speed limits and shave bends. He was more cautious than usual, if Kay and he got injured it wouldn’t matter but he didn’t want to risk anything happening to Elly.
Nick drove for hours, back and forward, round in circles, he felt like he had covered most of the west coast of Scotland, but the driver behind was good.
He heard Kay reassuring Elly and then he was on the phone to Donald.
“The house is full of vamps and they’ve got humans.”
“Yea of course we need backup!” Kay was rarely that sharp, something must have happened. He hoped they’d got the book, but he wasn’t going to ask now, getting out of there seemed more important. He wasn’t sure what the brown and white lumpy thing Elly was hugging was either, but he’d ask about that when they got back to the cottage as well.
“I understand, as soon as you can.”
“How you doing Nick?”
“He’s still behind us, for a human he’s good!”
It took another two hours for Nick to be sure he’d lost the tail and it was starting to get dark by the time they got back to the cottage.

Kayden led Elly into the house, she was still feeling awful about her father and he didn’t want to leave her alone. She was cuddling the stuffed toy as though her life depended on it. He couldn’t even imagine how he’d feel if he were in her place. He quickly suppressed a thought which said that his behaviour wasn’t helping. He put the thought to one side as fast as it had arrived, now wasn’t the time to think about it.
“Do you need anything? Food, drink, I’d offer to make it but I’m a bit out of practice.”
That drew an answering smile from her like he’d hoped it might and he realised he liked making her smile. She headed for the kitchen and came back with a cup and a sandwich, she sat down next to him.
He should have moved away but after the day she’d had he couldn’t bring himself to make it any worse. He rationalised it by telling himself that this once wouldn’t hurt.
She tucked the teddy bear to her side and leant against him, he couldn’t help it, he liked it, so he told himself he was doing it because she needed the comfort.
He picked up the journal and started to flip through it. Elly turned in his arms and rested her head on his chest so that she could see the book as well. He didn’t notice that he’d started to stroke her gently and he didn’t notice how much her scent was pervading the house. 
It was only when Nick came up with a cup of blood and he had to suppress the growl that was rising against his will, that he came back to himself. He wouldn’t normally have needed to drink now, especially as they were running low, but Nick probably had a point, her scent was stronger than usual.
Kay put the book down and took a long drink “Thanks.”
“It’s the last until Donald gets here. But it’s strong tonight.”
“Sorry guys.”
Kayden hugged her closer and she nestled against his chest. 
“It’s ok we understand,” Nick reassured her and she give him a grateful glance, “anything in the book Kay?”
“Lots, it’s going to take some serious study, I’ve only flipped through it but there’s some stuff about Marseille during the war and some sort of research, I don’t think Elly is the only one, but I haven’t read enough to work out how many there were or where they went. There’s stuff about running away to let Elly grow up and at the end he says he was found by his master.”
“So it’s as we thought.”
“Hang on didn’t you say the war ended a hundred years ago? My dad wasn’t that old when he died.”
Kay took a deep breath, “We think your father was a thrall, that means a vampire gave him blood regularly, and that kept him alive longer than a normal human lifespan, but it also kept him under the control of the vampire.”
“But I must have been born much later?”
“Truthfully Zuli, we don’t know. We know the vamp gave you blood to keep you in his control and to suppress your memories. That may also have extended your life but we don’t know anything for certain.”
“Oh!” Her voice was so small and frightened, Kayden couldn’t help himself. He held her, needing to comfort her as her world fell apart.
“We may get answers for you when we go through the book more thoroughly, some bits are in a kind of shorthand.”
“I see,” her voice was flat and Kayden wasn’t sure what she was feeling so he looked helplessly at Nick who grinned over.
“Hay this means you could be as old as Kay, it’d be nice to see him have to bow to his elders again. Anyway, I’d rather have you as the boss, you’re much prettier.” As usual, Nick had managed to make her smile. But even he could be serious, he sighed, “We’re going to have to take the nest out aren’t we?”
“Yes.” Kayden voice was flat now, he hated doing this and, like Nick, he’d once thought they could put the war behind them. “Donald’s bringing reinforcements, we can’t risk getting the human authorities involved.”
“Makes sense, when did he say he was coming.”
“As soon as. He was organising it when I was on the phone he should be here any time.”
“So we’re waiting again. I’m getting fed up of this.”
“You were never good at waiting, at least you haven’t gone sightseeing this time.”
“Hay that was only the once!”
Elly giggled, looking eagerly at Nick for an explanation, but before he could reply they heard a vehicle in the drive. Kayden slid out from under Elly and he put his finger to his lips shushing her. He met Nick’s eyes and just jerked his head toward the front door. Nick nodded back and when Nick drew his sword he knew he’d been thinking the same things as he had. 
Donald was coming from Edinburgh with vamps that couldn’t be out in daylight; he’d have brought a light-tight enclosed lorry for them to sleep in, even if he had come by car himself. Two cars wasn’t right.
Kayden drew his sword too and they went cautiously to the front door. He could hear the odd footstep but they were being quiet and careful. That settled it. It definitely wasn’t Donald, he would have rung the doorbell!
He watched Nick take a deep breath readying himself. He was doing the same thing, they nodded at each other and Nick reached for the door handle. He mouthed, three, two, one…
Nick threw the door open and Kayden rushed out.
“AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRR!” 
He and Nick both yelled a wordless battle cry to help disorientate the vampires waiting outside. The house at first sight seemed surrounded. He rushed up to the nearest vamp and surprise was on his side, the vamp had barely got his sword into a defensive posture when Kayden’s heavy old blade slapped it away. Long years of practice enabled Kay to change the angle mid stroke and his blade sliced into the vampires neck, severing it cleanly. The vamp’s sword clattered to the floor but not before Kay had moved onto the next one.
The next few minutes were a blur of whirling swords, Kayden danced, ducked and weaved, his sword an extension of his arm cutting and parrying steadily. The second vampire went down with two blows of his longsword. The next was more prepared and Kayden had to defend himself parrying blows aimed to sever his neck, but Kayden had been using a sword since before he’d been turned and his experience told. He’d soon wounded the vamp’s sword arm and his guard dropped so Kayden’s next blow severed his head.
Kayden whirled as two more came toward him. They were trying to outflank him but again Kayden’s experience came to his aid and he went mechanically through manoeuvres he’d used countless times before. He allowed both vamps to engage him, ducking and twisting to the side and tripping one as he passed so that the vamps actually engaged each other. Then it was a simple matter of beheading one and parrying the other before wounding him and turning in time to parry a blow from a third vamp at his back.
Kay leaped back, glad that vamps didn’t leave bodies for him to fall over. He landed safely and parried a fresh blow, this time the new vamp had left an opening for Kay to reverse direction and take his head.
He had a moments respite, so he took the head off the wounded vamp and turned to check on Nick. He was just finishing up the vamps on his side, his long Japanese blade easily took the head off the one on his left and he swung through and parried the blow from the one on the right. A complicated twist and he had disarmed his assailant, before reversing the blade and swinging down for the final blow.
Kay didn’t get to see the vamp turn to dust because another group of vamps had come running at him from around the side of the house. They were behind him so he dropped and rolled to one side before getting up to face them. Two of them kept running toward Nick but two had stopped to face Kayden.
They paused, neither of them wanting to make the first move. Kayden fainted at one and as the other relaxed he darted at him, his lightning fast blow wounding the vamps sword arm. The vamp’s sword clattered to the ground and Kayden rounded on the other in time to parry a blow that was aimed at his neck with commendable speed. But the scream that came from inside the house made his blade falter for the first time. The flashing light from the house also told him all too clearly that Elly was in trouble. He forced his attention back to the vamp at hand, recovered his wavering guard and he made short work of finishing him off.
Then he ran blindly to the door, Nick was already moving to cover his retreat. Kay was racing heedless of his surroundings, because Elly was still screaming. As he ran through the front door, he felt the dagger enter his back. Neither he or Nick had taken the time to put on their armour so the blade easily penetrated his shirt, but it was only pain, he would heal. 
He elbowed the vamp without even turning. Then he had to step forward and turn around to behead him. The length of his sword was a hindrance in the narrow corridor but the vamp was still doubled over from his blow so it was a simple matter of an overhand swing to turn the vamp to dust. Kayden pulled the dagger from his back wincing at the pain and the blood loss, but if he didn’t remove it he’d be unable to heal.
He carried on into the lounge, there was a vamp in there, mindless and feral after Elly’s eye blast. It was trying to escape but had been unable to find the way out. Once it sensed Kayden it made for him, fangs descended, so he swung his blade with ruthless efficiency decapitating the vamp. He suppressed the treacherous thought that now she had seen him in battle Elly would probably turn away from him and he tried to convince himself it would be a good idea.

Elly was huddled against the wall, her teddy bear held in front of her. She didn’t even know why she was still holding it, it wasn’t as if it was going to help. For the first time she’d seen what her flashy eye thing did to vamps and it had turned this one into a wild animal. She understood now why Kayden had said he’d had to put them down. She cowered in the corner hoping that it didn’t come back toward her because it was so strong she knew that she would never be able to fight it off but, fortunately, her eye thing seemed to repel the vamp and it was still trying to run away. All she could do was stay as far away as she could and hope the repulsion didn’t wear off any time soon.
Then Kay came running in, his sword held out in front of him. She was drawn to his eyes, no longer cool and calculated he looked wild and ferocious. He scanned the room and immediately came to stand between Elly and the vamp.
She’d felt safer knowing Kay was protecting her but he turned and she saw the stain on the back of his shirt. It was hard to tell against the black material but it looked like he might be  bleeding, although whatever it was, it didn’t seem to be slowing him down. He went straight to the vamp and swung his sword. The blade sliced straight through the vampire’s neck and she momentarily saw the head separate from the body and she stifled a gasp but then the vamp was nothing but dust floating in the air.
Kayden turned to her and paused, she wanted to run to him but at that moment a car pulled up in the drive. “I’m okay, go – Nick might need you.”
He nodded but before he went, he hugged her hard and quick before marching back out.
Once he’d left she curled up into a little ball holding her teddy bear as though it were a life belt and she felt as though she were drowning in the unfamiliar sensations.

Kayden checked carefully before going outside, but the car was Donald’s, he’d fought by his side often enough during the war that his sandy balding hair was instantly familiar. He was already engaged with a vamp, his sword moving neatly and precisely. Donald’s sword was shorter and broader than Kayden’s but it suited his style. Kayden saw that since the war he’d lost none of his efficiency and he dispatched the vamp with the fewest possible strokes. Kayden was scanning what could only be called a battlefield, but there were no more vamps left, Donald had dispatched the last one.
Nick came ambling up checking his sword before sheathing it. “That seems to be all of them, I’ve just checked the back. How’s Elly?”
“Fine, one cornered her but she flashed it.”
“I think we should go straight to the house. I don’t think we should give them an opportunity to destroy any evidence.”
Kayden put his own sword away, as he did so he felt blood running down his back and he absently wiped it with his t-shirt.
“Good idea Donald, did you bring the reinforcements?”
“Yes I will tell them of the change in plans if you show me where we’re going.”
“Sure.” Nick got out the map and pointed out the house. Kayden absently wiped at the blood again.
“We should rendezvous out of sight and make a coordinated assault.” Donald was busy making plans and Kayden wiped more blood.
“I’ll go check on Elly, we shouldn’t leave her alone.” Kayden turned to go into the house. Absently he wiped more blood.
“Kay…”
He turned back to Nick and he felt slightly dizzy.
Nick darted forwards and supported him.
“Are you wounded?”
“Yea,” Kayden scowled at his own carelessness, “I got stabbed in the back, didn’t see one hiding behind the door, it missed everything important though.”
Donald lifted Kayden’s shirt.
“Hmm the wound is bleeding and you don’t appear to be healing. Where is the dagger?”
“Behind the door I think. I just dropped it.”
Kayden leant on Nick. He thought he was stabilising, but that may be wishful thinking.
Donald came back sniffing the blade. “I thought so, perchloramite!”
“What?” Kayden and Nick spoke in unison.
“It’s a rare poison, from the Ulaanbaatar region.”
“I know that Donald, but what’s it doing here?” Kay snapped.
“Well I haven’t seen any since the war, and it was rare then, but the rebels used it to even the odds. This dagger looks about two hundred years old, was the vamp old?”
“No young, they all were, about fifty max.”
“Well fortunately for you, the poison also appears to be old. The bleeding is already slowing, so I doubt treatment will be necessary.”
“Come on mate let’s get you back in, Elly must be worried sick.”
“Look bandage me up first so Elly doesn’t worry, then you two go to the house. I’ll be fine and I can stay to look after her.”
They went into the kitchen and while Kay leaned on the worktop Nick quickly washed him off. Luckily the house came equipped with a first aid kit, vamps never usually needed one because their symbiotes took care of most things. Donald was going back to the car when he said, “Remember to feed, the poison will have depleted your symbiotes.”
“Well that’s going to have to wait until you come back, we’re out.”
Donald was about to object but Kay cut him off “I’ll be fine.”

Elly had moved back to the sofa now that the noises had died down outside. She thought she heard Donald in the kitchen with Kay, but that didn’t seem right surely they would come back in here to check on her.
She hugged the teddy closer and tucked her feet up, she needed some way to stop herself running to Kayden, but if there were still bad men out there she had to stay out of the way and let Kay do his stuff. 
All she could think about was making sure that Kayden was alright, but her mind kept replaying what he’d looked like when he came to her rescue. She was sure she’d seen blood. Kay had always given off an air of invincibility but now she was worried about him.
After what seemed like ages he came in, he’d taken his shirt off, which she admitted looked hot, but it also meant she could see the dressing on his back. Nick was hovering protectively and Kayden looked like he was about to explode at him. He sat carefully down on the other end of the sofa and frowned at Nick obviously not wanting him to say whatever was on his mind.
“Go with Donald, I’ll take care of Elly.”
Nick looked like there was a lot he still wanted to say but he nodded and went out, she heard the door shut and a car start up.
“Are you ok?” They both said at the same time.
“I will be,” he said, “tell me what happened in here?”
She swallowed nervously, not sure where to begin, Kayden held out his hand and when she took it he slid her up the sofa to the safety of his arms.
“It’s ok, just take your time.”
Elly was trying to pull away, “You’re hurt, I don’t want to make things worse.”
“Shhhh… I’ll be fine when I’ve eaten, it’s healing already.”
“But I saw all the blood.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to worry you but I didn’t see a vamp behind the door.”
“But don’t you like heal instantly?”
“Donald thinks there was poison on the blade but he says I’ll be fine,” Kay shrugged, “it’s just going to take a bit longer than usual.”
“Is that why you’re not going with them?”
“Yea, that and the fact I’m not going to leave you alone and I’m not going to take you into the middle of a battle either.” Elly nestled against him and he held her closer. “So what happened in here?”
“I heard you yell and then all I could hear was metal banging against metal, it sounded horrible, like a battle. What was happening?”
Kayden smiled, “It wasn’t much of one, there were a few vamps out there, which is why we yelled to disorientate them. Then we rushed out and got them a few at a time. But I heard you scream, what happened?”
“They came in through the back, I saw one run up the corridor to the front door and I thought it was going to ambush you, so I didn’t see the one coming in the lounge. I only noticed him when he reached out to touch me. I remember screaming and running into the corner ’cos I didn’t know anywhere safe to go.”
That’s when the feelings threatened to overwhelm her, she could remember realising that it had been completely mindless and she’d instantly understood why Kay had to put them down. She burst into tears and Kayden held her close against his bare chest, but for once she didn’t care that he was undressed. He was stroking her and muttering things that she was crying too hard to hear, but he made her feel so safe. When he did that she could believe nothing would hurt her ever again so gradually she calmed.
“I’ve never seen what I do to them before, he was a bad man who wanted to hurt me, but… Oh Kay you were right… They really are turned into mindless animals.”
He wouldn’t let her go on and when he held her close stroking her and kissing her hair she knew beyond doubt that she belonged with him. Without him protecting her she knew she’d not have made it this far.
She turned to look up at him, “I knew if he turned his attention to me I’d never be able to fight him off. All I could think of was you… I knew you’d come… But you got hurt…”
“Hay it’s ok, I missed the one who went to the door, by the time I’d realised he was there I’d been stabbed, it was a rookie mistake!”
“It was my fault wasn’t it? If you’d not been rushing to save me it wouldn’t have happened.”
Kayden tipped up her chin and looked her directly in the eyes intending to emphasise his point, but all she could think of was how beautiful his eyes were and how she could get lost in them. 
“Elly it was not your fault! I made the mistake, if it was Nick I’d have been tearing a strip off him, not you. I can’t believe I was that stupid!”
“Kay, you were that stupid cos of me weren’t you?”
He paused, his face an unreadable mask, “No. I was that stupid because of me!”
She wasn’t sure what he meant by that, either he was admitting he cared or he was trying to make her feel better, “I just know it was so good to see you coming to the rescue – again!”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have let it come to that.” He paused, “but now you know why I can’t get too close. That’s who I’ve been for far too long now.”
Elly couldn’t help it she giggled and his sudden frown was adorable. She could see that he thought himself a monster and a killer, but “So you go around being a hero and saving people all the time?” He looked uncomprehending, “That’s how I see you, you know, not a killing machine. I see someone who I can rely on to come to my rescue, someone who’s looking at the bigger picture, someone trying to protect what he cares about. Without that, without you being there, explaining everything, holding me when I’m scared, I'm not sure I could cope with this. But I trust YOU!”
She never did find out what he was going to say to that because there was a loud bang from the back of the house. He pushed her away and stood up drawing his sword. 
If it weren’t for the dressing, which had fresh bloodstains, she would never know he’d been injured. She could only guess how much pain he was masking but he strode from the room strong and confident.
It was a different story when he came back. He looked weak and disorientated, “It was only the back door.” He was trying to appear his old self, but Elly knew he was more injured than he was letting on. So she leaped up to help him, “We need to get you to lie down. Bedroom, now!”
“The sofa’ll be fine!”
“Please. Don’t argue on this one, if you get any worse I won’t be able to move you so help me now. Please.”
He tried to act as though he was alright and he tried not to lean on her but she could feel him growing weaker. It took all her strength to tuck herself under his shoulder and hold him up. If the bed were further than a few steps away she wouldn’t have been able to do it but she managed to get him there before he collapsed.
“Let me look at the dressing.”
“No I’m fine.”
“You are so not fine!” She put her hands on her hips trying to look as stern as she could. “Just let me check.”
He sighed and turned. The dressing was soaked with blood, so Elly got a fresh one from the kitchen and replaced it. All the time she was suppressing her fear for Kayden, focussing on the practicalities and trying to avoid thinking. Seeing him hurt and bleeding threatened to turn her whole world upside down. The one person who always seemed so strong was now so weak.
By the time she’d finished, he was coming back to himself and she could sense his anger at his own weakness. Elly picked up his legs and swung them around to the bed. She took his boots off and covered him with the duvet and she couldn’t help but be touched by the grateful squeeze he gave her hand. 
“There must be something I can do?”
“I’ll be fine once I eat, but we’re out until Donald gets back.”
“You can drink from me if it’ll help?”
“NO!” He tried to sit up but his head was obviously swimming and he leant against the pillows before continuing quietly, “I’m not drinking from you, I would be too out of control. You still haven’t seen the real monster inside.”
Elly slipped onto the other side of the bed and laid his head on his chest. “I know, I heard you in the car, I understand why you won’t drink, but it’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
“But it’s not a risk I’m willing to take. This discussion is closed, I’m not going there and that’s final!”
“Ok but you can’t stop me worrying about you.”
His hand came out of the duvet, it was alarmingly cold but he squeezed her and didn’t let go.
He didn’t say anything else, he just closed his eyes and lay quietly. She guessed he was in pain and he was becoming clammy and sweaty so he was probably bleeding internally too. More than anything, she wanted to help him but if she couldn’t feed him, there was nothing she could do except lie there and worry. She had to respect his decision, but she really didn’t want to.
After an hour or two Kayden had started moaning and shifting about restlessly. All she could do was to be there for him and hope but he only seemed to be getting worse. Elly knew she wasn’t going to get any sleep so she tried to get up to go to the kitchen to get a cup of tea. As soon as she tried to move, Kayden growled and held her clamped to his side making sure she couldn’t go anywhere. 
She couldn’t leave, his primal side seemed to be in charge now and he wouldn’t let her go.
She was shocked by the growl, it said clearly that he was out of control, more out of control than she had ever seen before. However, she was still only worried about his health and she still trusted him. He wasn’t mindless with need… yet! 
He was holding her hand tightly. It was starting to hurt but she couldn’t pull it away and each time she tried he would toss and turn more so she forced herself to relax and be still, moving was too dangerous for him, she needed him to stay as still as possible to help the healing.
She had no idea how much time had passed, it seemed like only a few minutes but it could have been hours and she was getting increasingly worried. Elly wished she could phone Nick and ask his advice but she had no idea where Kay’s phone was and it could be hours before he came back from the vamp nest and she didn’t think Kay could last several more hours.
He was definitely getting worse, he was still holding her hand and he kept bringing her wrist to his lips before pushing it away. Elly realised his fangs had descended, he was desperate for blood but he still managed to hold himself back from drinking hers. 
She felt a shiver of fright, his fangs looked larger than she remembered, but she still hoped he would plunge them into her wrist and heal himself. She wondered if it would hurt very much, she didn’t have a clue, but she still hoped he would do it. 
Elly wanted to push her wrist against his fangs but she couldn’t bring herself to force the issue because she believed she ought to respect his decision. He seemed to be fighting himself, his animal side wanted to drink, but his willpower was still resisting. Nonetheless his struggles were lessening and he was weakening fast. 
Each time he put her wrist to his lips she debated about pushing her wrist against his fangs and hoping he would take what he needed. She didn’t want to go against his wishes, but she didn’t want him to die either. 
She debated over and over with herself until she noticed his movements getting weaker and she decided she couldn’t wait. The next time he pulled her wrist to his lips she had decided she would do it.
Suddenly his grip slackened.
She could move and she pulled free, Kayden still didn’t react. His hand slid off the bed and dangled to the floor. 
Her heart suddenly felt like it had stopped beating. He wasn’t moving at all!
She picked up his hand and it was completely limp, she couldn’t even feel a pulse in his wrist. She stood up and looked down at him and she realised for the first time how pale he had become. Even his lips had a bluish tinge. She subdued her rising panic and frantically hunted for a pulse in his neck, it was there but it was faint and thready. 
She didn’t know how she knew, but she was sure that if Kayden didn’t get some blood soon he wouldn’t survive. She knew what she had to do, but she didn’t know how to do it.
She opened his mouth and his fangs were still descended so she took that as a good sign, somewhere deep down she hoped Kay would be able to help her. She hoped she’d not left it too late and that he could still drink. She knew the risk, she knew Kayden could easily kill her if this went wrong but she had to try.
Her heart was pounding and she hoped that would make it easier for Kayden to find her vein but although she was scared and shaking, she had to go through with it. She trusted Kayden, if he’d chosen to do this himself she knew he would make the process as easy and painless as possible but doing it herself she didn’t know if she could make it work at all and she knew that it wouldn’t be painless. She took her jumper off, if she got this wrong it was going to be very messy.
Even in the short time it had taken her to think about how to do this he’d noticeably deteriorated, so she pulled the duvet back and sat astride him before she could change her mind. His mouth was half open and she could see the tip of his fangs hanging vicious and sharp below his lip. She forced herself to breathe, she was in danger of talking herself out of this, so she acted quickly. She checked where the pulse point on her neck was then she leaned forward taking her weight on her arms before turning her head to one side and pushing it against his fangs.
She felt him lift his lip exposing his fangs a little more but he didn’t seem to have the strength to pierce her skin. His words in the car reverberated in her mind and she knew he hadn’t been lying or exaggerating. If she was wrong about trusting Kay this would be the last thing she ever did, but she resolutely pushed herself onto his fangs.
The pain was so excruciating that she nearly screamed, but she bit her lip and forced his fangs in deeper. She felt him stiffen when his fangs finally nicked the artery but for a few agonising seconds nothing happened and she thought that either she was too late or that Donald had been wrong about Kay only needing to feed. 
Then his lips clamped on her neck and she could feel him sucking. The sensations had switched from agony to ecstasy in an instant and now she was moaning in time with the strong sucks on her neck. 
His hands came up and grabbed her arms, he was holding so tightly that she knew it was going to leave bruises, but she didn’t care, the pain was a counterpoint to the pleasure. The pain was the only thing that was stopping her having an orgasm then and there, especially now that she could feel his sudden arousal pressing against her through their clothes.
His eyes had opened, but they weren’t his usual cool blue, they were swirling and dangerous. He was out of control but she couldn’t run away; she didn’t want to run away. The feelings he had awoken were so powerful and so primal that she wanted whatever he could give her.
He pulled away from her neck but only to rip her clothes off. He didn’t bother with the fastenings, he just pulled her bra over her head and it pinned her arms behind her. She struggled to get free, but he didn’t seem to notice. He dipped his head to her breasts and began to suckle and bite. His fangs were breaking the skin, little bursts of pleasurable pain which left pin pricks of blood that he licked up before sinking his fangs deep into her nipple.
It sent a sudden electric shock throughout her whole body and she arched against him, pressing herself against his erection. An orgasm ripped though her, sudden and unexpected and she cried out, making an animalistic sound of pure pleasure. 
His answering growl reverberated around the room.
She’d finally managed to free her hands but before she could bring them around to touch his back he grabbed them again, transferring her wrists to one of his hands and pushing her flat onto the bed. His weight was pressed down on her and momentarily she felt trapped, but he quickly lifted up to pull down her trousers. She struggled to free her wrists to help him but his only response was a low rumbling growl. She felt like she was struggling against an iron bar, but nothing she could do would move him. 
He’d freed her feet and was working on his own trousers. She was naked and he’d spread her legs so she was exposed before him and he was watching her with a hungry expression. He wouldn’t let her move an inch, each time she tried he growled and held her tighter. She felt a momentary unease realising she was completely at his mercy. 
Every instinct screamed at her to struggle, to try and break free, but before she could move he came back to lie on top of her. This time his heavy erection was resting on her belly and she remembered how good he’d felt inside her and how much she wanted to feel him there again.
She wanted to kiss him, but his hands on her wrists were still pinning her down. All she could do was arch against him and submit to his desires, but it was as though he was in tune with her needs and his mouth came crashing down on hers. She knew she ought to protest, but his mouth obliterated any protest she could make at the same time as she realised she didn’t want to make any. He was already giving her everything she needed. She surrendered to her desires and her tongue danced with his letting him plunder her mouth and claim her for his own.
He entered her then, burying himself to the hilt in one swift movement and she moaned into his mouth unable to hold back the ecstasy. She was already slick and wet for him and he was powering into her so hard and so fast that she would have been sliding up the bed if his hands hadn’t been holding her in place. She was deliciously at his mercy, he could do anything he liked and there was no way she could stop him.
Elly arched and bucked beneath Kayden, his obvious strength and dominance freed her to give into her body’s demands. She was crying out and thrashing because that was all she could do. Her desire was coiling tighter and tighter in her belly but he was denying her release and she felt like he was driving her to madness. She needed to come, she needed him to hit that magic spot inside that would allow her world to disintegrate, but he was in control of her. He was powering inside her, growling in time with each thrust and each thrust only intensified her desire.
She was getting more and more desperate, but all he did was swallow her mewling cries with his kisses. She needed to push him further so she could claim her own release but there was nothing she could do. All she could explore was his mouth, so she ran her tongue ran over his fangs, he cried out and she could feel his cock jerk in response.
Instinctively she knew that was the way to get what she needed and she kept licking. Each lick made him thrust deeper and he soon started to hit the magic spot deep within her and her world started to disintegrate. But she got careless, his fangs nicked her tongue and she jerked away from the sudden pain. The taste of her blood loosed something even more primal within him and he began blindly seeking more. His fangs carried on their strike and he nicked his own mouth. His blood mingled with hers and she could taste it on her tongue.
The world slowed. 
She felt a golden fire start slowly spreading from her head downward and she was frozen in place. She could still feel Kayden thrusting within her but it was as though it were happening at a distance.
Kayden had drawn back, his eyes wide, operating on pure instinct he was craving more of her blood and he plunged his fangs back into her neck. It didn’t hurt this time, his fangs just slid inside as though he belonged there. As he sucked, liquid honey spread throughout her whole body and it felt as though she’d melted around him.
He was still thrusting ferociously inside her when suddenly the golden warmth met the heavy rope of desire still coiled within her. Something broke open and she could feel the glow from her eyes bathing them both then she was convulsing and yelling out her release.
Kayden’s fangs left her neck, his back arched and he buried himself even deeper within her. His roar was primal, more animal than human as he achieved his own release but she loved it and she felt herself clenching around him again and again, absolute bliss consuming her once more.
She didn’t remember him pulling out of her or resting her head on his chest, she just fell into a deep and dreamless sleep wrapped in his arms.
Chapter 7
~ Some answers at last ~
Kayden woke up with an obviously naked Elly wrapped in his arms. He groaned, the last thing he remembered was his body screaming at him that he needed blood but he’d been determined he’d not drink Elly’s. 
He’d known his blood wasn’t clotting properly and that he’d been bleeding internally but he’d thought he could last until Nick came back in the morning. When he realised that he couldn’t he had hoped he’d become unconscious quickly so that he wouldn’t be tempted by Elly. He tried to make sense of his scattered memories, he thought he’d passed out before he gave into the temptation, but obviously he hadn’t. 
He knew he’d have to look at Elly soon, to find out how much he had hurt her. He forced himself to listen for her breathing but he couldn’t breathe himself and his heart was hammering too loudly to hear anything. He was trying to prepare himself to see her battered and broken body. He knew nothing would make it any better but he had to do it. 
He turned to look at her. Her chest was rising and falling smoothly and her skin was as soft and pristine as he remembered. He could feel tears leaking out of his eyes with the sudden relief and the heavy weight of terror dissipated for the first time since he’d woken. 
He slid out carefully from under her and he managed to do it without waking her. He realised he felt better than he had done in years and all the effects of the poison were purged. He must have drunk her blood, but he looked at her lying there and she was unmarked so that couldn’t have been what had happened.
His heart swelled, he had become so used to her in such a short time. He knew it would destroy him if anything happened to her, just watching her lying there stirred something he’d thought long buried.
He could feel his cock responding to her and he quickly turned away. He’d been lucky twice now, he didn’t dare risk a third time. He grabbed his things and covered Elly with the duvet before going to grab a shower. 
He tried to remember what had happened, the water was pounding out of the shower head and he ran his hands over his skin mechanically soaping himself. His skin was intact and perfect, a far cry from the oozing wound he’d had last night.
He could remember Elly helping him to bed, he could remember getting more and more tempted but he was sure he’d pushed her away and passed out. He groaned when he remembered the most mind blowing orgasm of his entire life.
He frowned, he was sure he’d been rough, but Elly looked perfect and unmarked. Maybe he’d been hallucinating? Anything was possible but he had a feeling it had really happened.
He was drying off when he remembered the glow from her eyes, it was more gentle than the other ones he’d remembered and he didn’t feel like a mindless animal, if anything he felt more at peace than he’d been for years. He put the feelings to one side and got dressed, Nick would probably be back soon and he wanted to let Elly sleep.
He nearly changed his mind when he went back through the bedroom, she looked so gorgeous with her hair spread out over the pillow catching the light. He wanted nothing more than to slip back beside her and be there when she awoke. He moved quickly before he could act on the impulse, it was just too tempting, the longer he was around Elly the more he wanted to give in and be with her.
But she woke up before he could leave and she tried pulling him back to bed. He wanted to give in but although he could see she hadn’t been harmed, he didn’t dare risk it again.
“You’re ok again.”
Her relief was obvious, but he ignored it, keeping all emotion out of his voice, it was the only way he could find the strength to save her from herself “Yes, what did you do?”
She sat back on the bed as though he had struck her, “I thought you were dying Kay. So I made you drink from me.”
“Damn! I thought you were safe when I passed out.”
She was hurt but he couldn’t let that influence him either, he needed to protect her. “You were blue and you were barely breathing, what was I supposed to do?” She snapped angrily, “You were holding me so tight I couldn’t even get to your phone to find Nick! So I did the only thing I could think of and I pushed your fangs down on my neck.” She paused, meeting his eyes, “I couldn’t let you die so I made you do it.”
He couldn’t work out if he was glad or angry she’d done it “How did you stop me tearing you apart?”
“I didn’t, you didn’t try.”
“Of course I tried!” He snapped, “I would have tried fucking you to within an inch of your life!” Kayden knew he was being too brutal, but she needed to understand what she’d done.
“Oh you did that!” She smiled at the memories, “That was the best bit!”
“No, if I’d have done that, you’d be bruised, battered or dead, but there’s not a mark on you.”
“Really? I was certain you’d left bruises.” She started looking at her wrists and her arms trying to find marks which weren’t there.
She seemed oblivious to the risks and he was getting angry that he couldn’t make her understand, “What do I have to do to get you to take this seriously? I do not want to kill you!”
“Kay I know that, and I know you won’t.”
“Elly you can’t know that, no one can!” He yelled and he stormed out before he hit something.

Nick arrived in time to see Kay storming into the lounge. He looked furious, but he felt completely different, all he could think of to say was, “Wow! Mate you’re… What happened?”
“What do you mean?”
“You feel like you’ve aged hundreds of years, I haven’t felt anything like that since that one time you took me to see Thalia.”
“Seriously?”
“Yea mate, you’re almost glowing.”
Kayden shook his head in disbelief and sank into one of the chairs before answering, “I honestly don’t know, I thought at first I must have drunk from Elly, but I couldn’t have.” He shook his head trying to make sense of the fragmented memories “I was well out of it, the last thing I remember for certain is passing out.”
Nick slumped and turned to go in search of Elly. He knew what had to have happened, he liked Elly and he wasn’t looking forward to finding her broken and battered body. But before he could force himself to go and look in the bedroom Kay stopped him. “I know. She says I drank from her, but honestly, she’s fine not even a bruise.”
“Oh come on!” Nick’s disbelief was obvious, “I know how bad you were when I left and you say you got worse, well… No one in that state could have fuck-drunk and not left a mark!”
“I don’t understand it either.”
“Do you remember anything else?”
Kay looked embarrassed before he answered, “I can’t be sure. I have a feeling I was fucking her and I remember the gold light from her eyes, but that can’t be right either or you’d be putting me down about now.”
Nick hadn’t got a clue. Either Kay had phenomenal self control or something else had happened. Nick wanted to believe it was something to do with Elly, but truthfully he didn’t know. “Perhaps there’s something special about Elly? Donald has found a lot of paperwork over at the other house and he’s staying over there to go through it. Maybe he’ll come up with some answers? I’ve only come back because we thought you’d be desperate for blood by now.”
“I’m not even hungry. Do you want to fill me in?”
Nick flopped on the sofa choosing, for the moment, to believe Kay and not check on Elly. He tried marshalling his thoughts to give Kay a coherent report, but thoughts of Ely broken and battered kept intruding. “Mostly uneventful” He shrugged, “Donald had one of his big rigs with half a dozen vamps in it so it was just a case of walking up to the house and surrounding it. There were only four vamps left – the rest must have come over here. They captured the humans and we were right they’re all thralls. They haven’t got round to the interrogation proper, Donald’s saving that for tonight when his vamps are awake. He’s found a lot of paperwork and I left him in his element surrounded by heaps of the stuff. There isn’t much on the research projects.” Nick paused, “There were blood banks, but there were also dungeons like we found in Vienna.”
Kay groaned, that was something they’d both hoped never to see again, ranks of missing humans kept in dungeons as slaves for sex and blood, unless of course the vamps lost control and killed them.
“Kay,” Nick’s voice was small, seeking reassurance, “this whole thing is like we were back there isn’t it?”
“All we can do is try to put a stop to it.”
“I know, but I thought we’d done that last time.” Nick shook himself and tried to continue more like his usual self though he knew Kay wasn’t fooled for an instant, “Let’s hope Donald finds something useful in all that paperwork.”
“We can hope, in the meanwhile I’m going to have a look at that book from Elly’s father.”
Kay started going through the book and Nick was left with nothing to do again. He wondered if he should check on Elly but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Kay had barely started leafing through the book when Elly came bouncing in, there really didn’t seem to be a mark on her. Even Nick didn’t believe Kay could have drunk from her.
She came back with breakfast and sat next to Kay eating it. 
Nick watched her closely she wasn’t wincing or anything, she looked completely uninjured. Nick decided his best course of action was his own breakfast. He was eating more than usual, but it was only sensible with Elly’s scent increasing everyone’s hunger. It was probably a good thing vampires don’t get fat easily.
He went back to the lounge with a mug for himself and another for Kay. He put it down next to him, “There you go mate.”
“Hmm-hmm.” Kay was so engrossed in the book he didn’t even lift his head. He just reached out a hand and picked up the cup. He started to drink but before he’d got halfway he threw down the book and ran to the kitchen.
Nick looked at Elly who was just as shocked as he was. They both followed and saw Kay bent over the sink throwing up the blood. Elly looked at him wide eyed, but Nick just shrugged, he’d never seen anything like this before either.
Elly was clearly at a loss but she went up to Kay and rubbed his back, if nothing else it seemed to calm him. Nick left them to it and went back to the lounge to check the blood. Kay came back as he was putting the mug down and raised an eyebrow, “Seems fine to me.”
Kay shrugged, “I dunno then.” It was Nick’s turn to raise an eyebrow, “Look, I’m fine now.”
“Kay something isn’t right.”
“I know, maybe it’s something in Elly’s blood or perhaps it was the flashy thing – I dunno. I’m just hoping the answer is in here.” He said picking up the book again.
“So am I!” Nick shook his head despondently, nothing seemed to be going right at the moment. He wanted to do something to help but the best he could do at the moment was give Kay time to peruse the book.

Elly knew asking Kay to talk wasn’t going to help but she could sense how worried he was, something major had happened. She didn’t know what it was but she knew it wasn’t normal for a vampire to throw up blood. 
Seeing as she couldn’t talk to Kay she decided the next best thing was to talk to the only other vamp around. So when she came out of the kitchen she caught Nick’s eye and jerked her head towards the outside. 
She could see his look of trepidation, but after glancing at Kay, he came anyway. 
They sat down on a bench in the garden and Elly paused, thinking that with all the beautiful scenery about she ought to be appreciating it but instead she was too busy worrying about Kay.
She turned to Nick, “What’s wrong with him?”
Elly watched his face closely because he seemed undecided about what to say. He opened his mouth as if to say one thing and then changed his mind, eventually opting for “I don’t know.”
“Look Nick I’m trying to understand all this and I need your help. What was it you were going to say?”
“I was going to ask what happened last night, but I don’t think I want to know.”
Elly giggled, then fell serious. “I honestly thought he was going to die Nick.” He squeezed her hand and she returned the pressure gratefully, “He was fine when you left and we talked for a bit. Then he heard the back door. I dunno what happened but when he came back he was bleeding again. I thought he was going to pass out so I got him to lie down and he seemed better, but then he got worse, much worse…”
Only the comfort of Nick’s hand was keeping her going, but he saved her dwelling on the worst bits, by saying “He was probably bleeding internally, that wound looked really deep.”
“Yea that’s what I thought, I offered to let him drink but he wouldn’t, then he passed out…”
Nick patted her awkwardly on the shoulder, “Kay is amazing, I dunno how he could have done that, I’d not have been able to stop myself drinking.” Nick frowned thinking about what he’d said, “But I can’t work out if that makes him amazingly good or amazingly stupid.”
Elly giggled weakly, “Yea.”
“How did you get him to change his mind?”
“I didn’t. He was out cold and barely breathing so I pushed his fangs into my neck and hoped for the best.” Then she blurted, “I know he says I didn’t understand the risks, I but I did. I honestly did.”
Nick sighed, “I know you did, though I think if it had been anyone other than Kay, it wouldn’t have worked out so well.” He looked her squarely in the eyes, “I’m not saying this lightly, but I couldn’t have had that much self discipline.”
Elly’s eyes widened, “I didn’t care Nick, I was half expecting to die but I couldn’t see him die when I could do something. It was different tho, something strange happened.”
Nick looked uncomfortable, clearly afraid of hearing too much detail and Elly giggled again, it was her turn to reassure him, “Sorry Nick, but I need help understanding what happened and he’s not talking.” Nick nodded, resigned to his fate, “He bit my tongue accidentally, I could taste the blood, but then I could taste something else and it made everything go gold.”
Nick was suddenly interested, “Do you think it was his blood?”
“It could have been, but it didn’t taste like blood, it didn’t taste like anything I can put a name to.”
“Sort of like honey and flame?”
“Yea.”
Nick looked stunned, “I think I’ve got an idea.”
“What?”
“I’m not sure yet, I need to check things.”
“Please?”
“Well if I’m right, then you’ve been right all along.”
Nick still looked stunned and Elly had a sudden flash of insight, Nick had always assumed Kay had all the knowledge and the answers but for once the tables were turned, “You care about him a lot don’t you? He’s been like a big brother to you hasn’t he?”
Nick looked sheepish, “Yea, I think I learned more from him than anyone, even my own sire.”
“So tell me what you know. We both want to help him.”
“I know but let me check into it, he’s not going to listen until I have the facts anyway.”
“True.”
Nick got up and went inside to get his phone, when he came back he went off in the opposite direction.
Elly had nothing to do until Nick finished whatever it was he was doing, so she wondered back into the house. Kay was still intently studying the book, he didn’t even look up when she came in. So she sat down and got out her sketch pad, it was nice to be doing something that was a part of her old life.
She wasn’t sure how long she spent, but she finally had a passable likeness of Kayden and one of Nick.
“That’s really good, but the ailettes need to be a little larger.”
Elly nearly leaped off the sofa, Kayden had come up behind her so quietly she’d not heard him.
“What’s an ailette?”
Kayden grinned, “The things on my shoulders. How did you know that’s what I looked like before I was turned?”
“I don’t know. I just drew what felt right. I thought I was going to be drawing you in solid metal, but this is what seemed right.”
Kay sat down next to her, “Nah plate was much later, never really got on with it, but it did mean non day walkers could go outside.” He grinned at a memory, he seemed so much like his old self that Elly couldn’t help but be drawn in.
“Did you really go out in armour?”
“No that wasn’t me, it was Deitmar, Donald’s older brother, but it got a bit interesting when he was asked to lift his visor to prove he wasn’t a spy.” At Elly’s questioning look he went on, “Apparently he ran away with about ten guards in pursuit. He had to wait in town for hours until it got dark enough to take his helmet off so that he could prove who he was. He said something about hiding in a pig sty.” He looked momentarily thoughtful, “It was a good idea in principle, but we couldn’t do it after that because helmets were banned.”
She laughed and flipped the page, “What about Nick did I get him right too?”
Kay studied it for a while, she’d drawn Nick with a doublet and a small beard and his hair was shorter than it was these days. Kay looked at it for a long time before saying, “You really are good you’ve captured his eyes perfectly. But in all honestly I don’t know if that’s right or not. It looks about right for the time, but I was in London then and he was in Prague.”
“So when did you meet him?”
“First time, I think it was about 1789, I know it was Vienna, he was trying to seduce Leonora.”
“Oh who’s Leonora?”
Kay looked embarrassed, “She’s my daughter, I met her in Paris about fifteen years earlier. She was still a new vampire so I had to take her with me when I went to meet Nick’s sire Giulliermo. I didn’t see him after that until the war started.”
“You never said you had a daughter.” Elly wasn’t sure how she felt about that, she couldn’t help feeling a little jealous.
“It never came up and anyway I’m kinda used to everyone knowing everyone else.”
“Really?”
“Yea, there aren’t that many of us old vamps and the houses are very political so Switzerland have teams dedicated to finding out what everyone else is up to. Leonora actually heads up our administrative team these days.”
“So what’s Nick’s job now then?”
“Oh he’s The Council’s representative in London, it keeps him away from Zurich.”
Elly was about to ask why when Kayden shook his head, it wasn’t something he was going to tell her about.
She picked up her drink and the glass shattered in her hand. Fruit juice spilled everywhere, but the razor sharp glass sliced through her hand, leaving a long deep cut across her palm and she screamed as the blood ran down her wrist.
Before she could blink Kayden had run around the sofa and was holding her hand trying to staunch the bleeding. It should have taken ages for the bleeding to stop but almost as soon as he touched her the bleeding slowed. 
Kayden’s hands were covered and he absent-mindedly licked the blood. His fangs descended immediately and she could see him fight the urge to drink from her wound, “Go on Kay, you might as well, it’s only going to waste and you missed breakfast.”
He flashed her a smile, but he wiped her hand with a tissue. “What the…?” He dropped her hand in shock.
Elly looked at her hand and couldn’t see what the fuss was about nothing seemed wrong with it.
“I think we need to clean your hand properly, let’s go to the kitchen and wash it off.”
Elly shrugged and ran her hand under the tap. “Kay? How? What? There’s nothing there!”
Kay looked at her hand closely, “That’s what I thought, I could have sworn I saw it heal.”
There was no point in keeping her hand under the water so Elly turned the tap off. It had always been a bit stiff so she gripped it extra hard and the tap came off in her hand. She turned and showed it to Kay who simply shrugged. She threw it into the sink in frustration and nearly collapsed in shock when it left a dent in the stainless steel. It only got worse when she tried to sit down. The bar stools were old and heavy, but this time when she slid one out from the breakfast bar it went sailing across the floor and dented the fridge.

Elly screamed and turned to run blindly, but Kay held her close. It took a surprising amount of his strength to do it, so he started murmuring comfort words until she began to calm. It helped to quell his own rising panic too. This situation was getting out of control. He was only holding himself together because he knew Elly needed him, but whatever was happening had shaken him too. For once in his long life he had absolutely no clue what was happening.
Nick came running in and looked round the devastated kitchen, what Kay wasn’t expecting was for him to burst out laughing. He was doubled over clutching his stomach, he was laughing so hard.
It was so loud it penetrated Elly’s tears and she turned in his arms to look at Nick.
It seemed that everyone was trying to disconcert Kay today because she immediately stopped panicking and burst out with “You expected this didn’t you?” She ran forward and poked Nick. “Tell me! Tell me now!”
“AWW!”
“Nick!”
Kay felt he ought to be adult about this but he was confused to say the least. So he coughed “Would either of you like to tell me what’s going on?”
But the only response was for them both to turn toward him and start laughing. He’d seen Nick like this before so he pushed past them knowing Nick would calm down eventually and tell him what was going on. The one thing he did know was that if Nick was in this sort of mood it wasn’t going to be anything bad.
He squeezed past them and went back to the lounge to clean up the glass. He cut himself a few times and couldn’t help the feeling of relief when his wounds closed instantly again. 
By the time he’d finished, Elly and Nick had come back in so he sat on the sofa and steepled his fingers, hoping he could bring them to some sort of order.
Elly bounced over and sat next to him. He let her, just because he wanted answers.
“Come on then Nick spill.”
Nick grinned and for once Kay wanted to throw something at him. Nick was enjoying this far too much, but he’d realised that Kay’s restraint wouldn’t hold for ever. Even Elly was getting impatient. 
“Yea come on Nick I’ve been waiting ages now.”
“Kay, I take it you didn’t find the answers in the journal?”
“Not exactly, there is good information about the rebels, but it doesn’t look like they knew exactly what Zuleikas did.”
“Well have you heard of the poem 'Světlo ve tmě4?” (4Light in the dark)
“You know I don’t speak Czech.”
“That’s what I thought, so I’ve spent the morning translating it. The rhymes don’t work in English but you should get the gist.”
He handed Kay a sheet of paper and he began reading aloud.
“Now I walk alone and the night surrounds me like a cloud, 
A child of the night but did my heart have the choice?
	Can you see me? Can you feel me calling out to you?
The dreams I had were once of love and being loved, 
	Can you hear me?
But I think it’s too late and I’m alone in the night.
	Can you feel me calling out to you?
Then I saw you and I answered your call.
	So now we stand face to face and our hearts gather pace, 
We’re caught in the bonding, and our reason takes flight, 
	Taste of honey and flame there’s no way to explain, 
But your blood makes the light and my heart gathers flight
	From the dark of the night, our light shines out bright, 
Our cries shake the night and it’s time for our dreams to come true.
	Our sharing complete, two become one and we walk into the light. 
Together for eternity.
	Together for eternity.”
“I never have been good with poetry, but when Elly talked to me this morning this came to mind. My sire made me learn it because he said it was one of the few vampire love poems in existence. It was old when I learned it and that’s the only fragment of it left. It just seemed to match what you n Elly told me.”
“Well the night walker bit is obviously a vamp, and I suppose Elly’s scent does call vamps to her.” Kay re read the poem, “I suppose reason taking flight means sex, but what’s the bit about honey and flame? That makes no sense at all.”
“Yes it does!” Kayden looked surprised when Elly interjected. “I tasted something when we were… Well… You know… Nick thought it might be your blood? But that’s what started the gold light.”
“Oh so I didn’t imagine that bit!”
Elly giggled “Nope!”
“So what’s the two becoming one bit?” Kay said perplexed.
They both shrugged before Nick said, “Well it looks to me like Elly’s getting some of your strength and healing. The question is does it go both ways?”
“What?” Kayden was shocked.
“Well I think the poem says a non day walker becomes a day walker? So it stands to reason that the sharing has to go both ways. I wonder if you can do the flashy eyes now?” Nick paused, “Hay, maybe that’s why you couldn’t drink the blood, maybe you have to eat food or something?” 
“Are you kidding?”
“Well you could try it couldn’t you?” Elly asked.
“Elly, eating really isn’t that easy for us.”
“Yea but you said you could do small amounts anyway so why don’t you try it?”
Kay groaned, “I’m really not going to enjoy this. Just don’t blame me when you see the bathroom.”
“So what do you want to try.”
Nick was quick to jump in, “Anything but pasta!”
“True, just pick something, food’s changed so much since the last time I could eat properly that I wouldn’t know where to start.”
Elly bounced off into the kitchen, but Nick shouted after her, “Don’t forget you’ve got stronger! Try not to break everything!”
Kay heard Elly laugh before an “Oh shit!” drifted out from the kitchen.
Kay vaulted the sofa and was in the kitchen in time to see Elly attempting to fit one of the drawers back on its runners. It took a lot of willpower but he didn’t laugh. He just took the drawer out of her hands and put it back in himself.
Nick had no such restraint, he was leaning in the doorway and tears were running down his face, “I did warn you!”
“It’s all very well for you, you’re used to it! How am I supposed to get the hang of this?” It was as though it was the last straw for Elly, she was close to tears. It was hard enough for new vamps to cope and Kay knew she’d not asked for any of this. How she was coping at all surprised him.
Kay quickly took the spoon from her hand and frowned at Nick. “It’s okay, we all had to go through this. It doesn’t take that long to get your muscle memory acclimatised, I’ll give you some exercises later, but for now why don’t you tell me what you want to do and I’ll help you.”
It didn’t take long before they had made a stir fry with vegetables and chicken from the ample provisions.
To his surprise by the time they had finished his stomach was rumbling. He didn’t mention anything as he wasn’t sure what was happening and it had been so long since he had felt anything like it.

Nick watched Kay as he ate the first piece of chicken extremely gingerly but he was soon tucking in. “What? It tastes really good.”
Nick laughed again, “It looks like things are definitely going both ways.”
Kay shrugged, “What do want me to say, it looks like you’re right!”
Nick preened exaggeratedly, he didn’t want Kay to know much it meant to him, “Now if you can do the flashy thing, that would be really useful.”
“Actually that would be useful. But I have no idea how to test for it.”
“Well I’m not volunteering to be the guinea pig!”
Kay laughed, “I doubt it’ll come to that, Elly needs to be scared to do the flashy eyes and you don’t even scare her. If I have to be scared of you, you’ll really need to work at it!”
“If you’re so bad ass what have you come up with when I was off finding the answers?”
“Well I may not have found those answers in the book, but I did find out parts of what the rebels were up to.”
Nick was impressed “Oh, now that is useful!”
“Yea it’s incomplete and we need to work out it what to do, but it looks like Elly definitely isn’t the only Zuleika out there.”
“How many?”
“Three were mentioned but it’s not clear if the three include Elly or not. They seem to think they can force the Zuleikas to mate with whoever they chose and make themselves equal to us. They seemed to think the only reason they were loosing is because they weren’t day-walkers like us. So they wanted to force the Zuleikas to turn them into day-walkers too. But all the Zuleikas reacted badly to younger vamps trying to force them to do things so they needed to find a way to stop the flashy eyes or find out how you age vamps and replicate it. They also believed they could weaponise the scent and use it to draw us into ambushes. What it doesn’t say is what happened to them when they left Marseilles. After that the journal focuses exclusively on Elly.”
Nick was thinking over the implications when Ely said “Tell me please Kay, I still only have hazy memories.”
“Don’t worry, you can read your father’s words for yourself later, but when Donald raided Marseilles at the end of the war, your dad escaped with you and took you here. He hid you from everyone for years. He kept you in stasis and carried on with the research until he ran out of supplies, then he watched you grow up. That’s when he changed his mind about the research, he didn’t think it was ethical to force you against your will, but that’s also how Marcus found him. I think Marcus threatened him, he says he was worried for your safety, so he agreed to Marcus putting him back under his thrall. It’s not clear how, but they used Marcus’ blood to stop you growing. Then your dad died. I can only assume that meant they couldn’t stop you maturing so they put other plans into place and sent you to school, your dad talked about it as a contingency.”
“So why didn’t Marcus just take me away.”
“He didn’t want to risk your eye flashes so the vamps had to keep away from you.”
“So why didn’t they just use a thrall?”
“It doesn’t say. Maybe they just didn’t have one, it takes years to get someone permanently enthralled.”
Nick was frustrated, they had so much information, but it still wasn’t enough, “So we know there are more out there we just don’t know where they are?”
“Yea Nick, we need to get Donald to focus on finding them. You never know, they may have something in the paperwork or the thralls may know.”
“Aren’t we going over to find out what they’re up to?”
“I don’t want Elly to go in case she starts making the scent, we can have a briefing here tomorrow and I can catch up then.”
Without thinking Nick said, “OK, do you want to check in on them? I can stay with Elly till you come back.”
Elly gave him a filthy look, now that she had some of Kay’s abilities she obviously wanted to make the most of them and convince Kay it was safe for them to be together. Nick hadn’t considered what he'd said and he nearly blushed when he realised what she meant, he’d not felt this gauche since before he’d been turned.
He wasn’t sure whether Kay had seen her look at him or not when he drawled, “I suppose I could go over and see Donald.”
Trying to recover the situation he babbled, “I could go for you Kay, you can see Donald tomorrow.” 
“I ought to show my face though.” Kay’s voice was deadpan and Nick was still not sure if Kay was teasing him or not.
Elly suddenly burst out laughing, “Kay!”
Kay grinned at her, “Oh would you prefer it if Nick went?”
“Stop winding him up!” Elly grinned back, poking Kay’s arm playfully.
“Aww!” Kay rubbed his arm, “OK Nick you go.”
Nick didn’t need any more urging, he was up and out of the door before Kay could finish laughing at him.

Kay felt a tremendous wave of relief, it wasn’t until he’d seen the look Elly gave Nick that he’d realised how worried he’d been. In the back of his mind the suspicion had nagged that he might have left it too late and that Elly wouldn’t be able to forgive him for pushing her away. 
But, now that he knew it was safe, he was forced to confront his feelings for her and they hit him like a ton of bricks. He had the chance of something wonderful and now that he wasn’t afraid of hurting her he realised how much he wanted it.
He wanted to feel his way carefully, but Elly was having none of it. As soon as Nick started the car she pounced on him, pressing him back against the sofa while she straddled his lap. He was suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling that all was right in the world, but he’d nearly screwed this up once and he wasn’t going to do it again.
He wrapped his arms around her, trying to find the words to apologise, but before he could she said, “So was I right or was I right?”
He couldn’t help laughing, “You were right, but Zuli…” He tailed off unsure what to say.
“I know Kay, I understand, I really do.” She faltered, “I tried to respect your choice, I really did. I can imagine how you’d have felt if it hadn’t worked, but I couldn’t let you die…” He tried to stop her, he wanted to tell her he should have listened and trusted her, “Oh Kay, I couldn’t bear it if anything had happened to you… I’m sorry but I can’t do this without you.”
“Zuli, it’s okay. I’m here, you saved me.” He ran his hands over her, pulling her closer encouraging her to relax against him, “I’m not going anywhere again and I can’t imagine being without you either.” He paused, for long enough to run his finger along her jaw tilting her head up so she could look at him. “I’m sorry I pushed you away.” He breathed
She smiled up at him, he knew this wasn’t over yet, but the only thing he wanted at this moment was to make sure she was always safe and by his side. 
She didn’t give him the chance to wallow in self pity, her lips were parting and she was reaching toward him. He gave in to temptation and his lips swooped down on hers, she opened deliciously and his tongue swooped inside.
Yet again he had to exert all of his iron control, his fangs were descending in a counterpoint to his cock which was now standing to attention. If he had given in to his instincts at that moment he would have ripped her clothes off and pounded into her. He was resisting again, but this time it was only because he wanted to prolong her pleasure. 
When the kiss finally ended he took a moment to savour her. Her eyes were heavy and she was reaching for him. He felt her small hand touch his chest and even through his clothes he could feel the heat of her hand like a searing brand. His heart leaped as though it would leave his chest, he knew that she held his heart but he wasn’t prepared for it to happen literally.
For a moment he was uncertain, his feelings overwhelming him, making him suddenly nervous but then his cock throbbed, reminding him of his urgent need to bury himself deep inside Elly.
He started slowly, kissing down her neck, imprinting her smell and her taste into his mind. She moaned and arched against him, pressing against his cock and he groaned into her neck. She tilted her head offering him her pulse point. He was touched by the gesture, but he resisted, if he took her blood now it would be over too soon.
Instead he moved lower, slowly peeling back her shirt and trailing soft kisses down her neck. He managed to turn the tables when he captured her nipple, as he grazed his fangs over the hard peaks he could hear her breathing stop as she arched toward him. He could smell her sudden arousal and he knew that if he could only touch her now he’d find her already wet and welcoming.
But he contented himself with running his hands over her, trailing his hands in soft feather-light strokes over her back. Teasing her nipples and feeling her hips moving involuntarily as she sought his cock.
She was moaning now and the sounds were travelling straight to his cock, each moan was making it throb and thrust toward her. A sudden memory from last night hit him and as his hand slid under her skirt he began experimenting; biting her gently, just enough to leave little pin pricks of blood for him to lick. With each bite her moans became louder and when his fingers slid into her panties she was indeed as warm and wet as he’d imagined. She began riding his fingers pushing herself closer and closer to release. Then Kay sank his fangs deep into her nipple and she was immediately crying out.
He couldn’t help the wide smile that came unbidden when he realised that he had done that yesterday too, he had given into his vampire instincts and she was still unmarked. He watched the wound healing on her breast and as it healed he relaxed, knowing Elly would be safe with him.
She was looking at him her eyes wide and her face flushed. “How do you do that?”
He smiled, flashing his fangs at her, “I have advantages. If you think they feel good there, wait until I try some other places.”
Elly rubbed herself against him causing him to groan with sudden need and he felt his fangs grow even longer, they were as desperate as he was to be inside her. He stood using his full vampire speed and within seconds he was inside the bedroom and Elly was squeaking delightfully as he laid her on the bed. 
She didn’t stay there though, she bounced up and was standing in front of him. Not one to miss an opportunity he grasped her breast in his mouth again, but she was determined, she wouldn’t let him dictate the pace, instead she giggled and started to undress him. 
He groaned when he felt her hand on his bare skin and her frank appraising stare only made him press harder against her softly stroking fingers. When she kissed him and took his hard throbbing member into her mouth he couldn’t help groaning loudly and he could feel her smile around him. When she looked up at him her green eyes shining with happiness he thought his heart would burst with joy. Unable to wait any longer, he lifted her and laid her gently on the bed, opening her legs so that all of her was exposed to him and he returned her frank appraising stare.
Everything about her was perfect and he truly believed she had been made for him but she was starting to get embarrassed by his frank perusal. Although when he smiled he could see her relaxing again. This time he bent his head to lick her soft folds and when his fangs scraped over her hard bud her answering moan was instantaneous. She was pushing herself against him and Kay was suddenly fighting the urge to pierce her delicate flesh with his fangs. Instead he used them to slide her hood back and he sucked and licked until she was thrashing and crying out again.
He reached up to hold her close and kiss her while he waited for her shudders to subside. She could taste herself on his tongue and she worked her way around his mouth licking and cleaning him. Then she licked his fangs and he jerked uncontrollably, again his fangs seemed to have a direct line to his cock and without his conscious control he was sliding inside her. He heard her giggle, and she was licking his fangs again and again. He was thrusting inside her like an animal, his primal side fully awakened. 
If he didn’t know she would heal, he would be worried about damaging her, but as it was he relaxed and enjoyed her answering moans while he powered inside her. She was getting increasingly frantic and she was thrashing underneath him as her pleasure built, she was licking kissing and biting his neck, but her blunt teeth were unable to pierce his skin. 
Even as he neared his own release Kay realised what she needed and he bit his tongue with his fangs and thrust it into her mouth. As her mouth filed with his blood he felt her arch under him and he nearly stopped he was so awed by her primal cries. He felt a throbbing burn when the golden light appeared and he stroked urgently bringing them both much needed relief. All of a sudden his desires caught up with him and he was plunging his fangs into her neck and sucking her blood; it poured over his tongue and his roar joined with her wail as they shuddered to completion.
Kay could barely move, he had never felt so at peace in all of his long life. He stared into Elly’s eyes, lost in the wonder of the moment. Her hand reached up to caress his face and he pressed against it momentarily before softly kissing her.
Kay rolled over carefully, keeping Elly in the circle of his arms and gently covered her with the duvet. She snuggled against him and safe in his arms she dropped off to sleep. He didn’t want this moment to end, all he could think of was how much he loved her and how lucky he was not to have driven her away, but her soft breathing and the feeling of perfect peace soon had him drifting off to sleep too.

Nick opened the door of the cottage with trepidation, Oh he wasn’t worried about finding Elly broken and bleeding this time, he was more worried about finding her naked in the middle of the lounge. Fortunately there were only scattered garments. He picked them up and made theatrically loud noises in the kitchen because Donald wasn’t far behind him.
He couldn’t tell what was going on in the bedroom but Kay and Elly soon emerged, it was no surprise to him that they both looked blissfully happy, but the smile on Kay’s face was enough to have him wiping away a stray tear. 
Nick looked at Elly, she wore her heart on her sleeve and it was obvious she adored Kay and Nick found himself wondering if there would ever be someone out there who would look at him like that.
They came into the kitchen hand in hand, but before he could gather his thoughts Elly dropped Kay’s hand and enveloped him in a hug, Nick returned it awkwardly, looking over at Kay. Nick was half expecting him to growl, but this time he was busying himself making coffee.
Nick wasn’t sure if he could ever get used to seeing Kay eating, but he came over with two cups and slid his arm around Elly before sipping gingerly. 
“Wow!” His eyes lit up with pleasure and he looked over to Nick, “I wish I could explain how good this is.”
“I told you.” Elly was smiling up at him as she sipped her coffee. 
Nick was glad Donald chose that moment to come in, any more of this and he’d be embarrassing himself. As they moved to the lounge he wiped away another surreptitious tear.
They’d all sat down and Nick grinned over at Donald, he couldn’t help but admire his composure when Kay carried on drinking his coffee, but Donald was completely focused on the a papers he’d brought with him.
“So I have been through the papers at the house, there are some which relate to Elly. A complete record of her development.” He paused and looked over at her “If you wish Elly I can arrange for you to have them copied to your email address.” He watched Elly nod and continued, “There are any number of papers in the name of Marcus Isra, he is clearly heavily involved in the Zuleika programme I regret to say it’s unclear if house Nyshrak knows about it…”
Nick tuned out, he was watching Kay who despite stroking Elly and drinking coffee was still managing to pay attention. By the time Nick dragged his attention back, Donald had wrapped up and it was left to Kayden to clarify.
“So we have confirmed its Marcus, we know there are more Zuleikas out there but we don’t yet know where?”
“That’s correct, and we also know they were using the pre war methods to protect them, so we can expect more clusters of ferals around their bases. I’ve spoken to my brother and he also wants to get to the bottom of this, so he would like us to return to Switzerland to make formal depositions.”
Nick groaned, since the war he’d hated returning to Zurich, house Aktar hadn’t been the same since Luca took over. His own sire Giulliermo was supposed to have become the next Nal Aktar but the old Nal had died suddenly in the war without documenting his intentions and Luca had already been in Zurich. He’d moved quickly and by the time news of the old Nal Aktar’s death had reached Giulliermo, Luca was ensconced. Giulliermo had decided not to oppose him as the losses in the war had already been too great, but Luca had never believed that, so each time Nick had to go to Switzerland he incurred the wrath of Luca simply because he was Giulliermo’s son.
“Sorry Nick,” Kay said, “but I think Deitmar is right, we need to do this formally in case anything happens to us, we can’t leave The Council unaware; that’s what happened last time.”
“Ok I admit defeat, Switzerland it is.”
To no one’s surprise Donald said, “I have already arranged a jet from Edinburgh.”
Of course Elly had the final word, bouncing off the sofa she hugged them all in turn, even Donald, whose startled expression was probably going to be worth the trip to Switzerland.
“I think all my dreams are going to come true. I’ve always wanted to travel.”

~End~
Thank you
Thank you for reading about Kayden, if you enjoyed it could you please take a moment to leave a review with your favourite retailer. Reviews are what help others to find my work, so if you would like to help me out a review would be much appreciated.

EJ
Other Work
Shaman
A long time no see – free short story
Dragon Trust – free short story
Kayden – the Zuleikas book 1
Nick – the Zuleikas book 2
Deitmar – the Zuleikas book 3 (coming soon)

About Me
I’m based in the Malverns, though I come form West Wales originally and you’ll find a lot of references to those places in what I write. Its true what they say, its always best and easiest to write about what you know. That’s why you’ll probably find a fair few references to IT as well because that’s where I used to work.
I’m new to the world of publishing, I slipped a disc and was forced to have some serious downtime, there isn’t much to do except read and cuddle the cat when you can barely move. Whilst I found a lot of good authors in that time I realised there were some stories that I wanted to read that I couldn’t find out there. So, having nothing better to do, I thought I’d better write them down and before I knew it I was wrapped up in my own worlds. 
That’s when my friends staged an intervention and convinced me that I really ought to publish them. Since then its been a mad whorl of editors, cover artists and website designers. But now my books are going out into the big wide world and I just hope you like them.
I just hope you like the stories I write, if you do you can head over to my webpage www.ejmarrick.com where you can contact me and find details of the upcoming books and some free works for you to enjoy. 

EJ
Nick – Chapter 1 
~ Switzerland – an introduction to politics~
They’d arrived in Switzerland, but it had been one blur of events after another. Elly wasn’t sure if she was on her head or her heels. They’d driven round for what seemed like ages after the private jet had landed at the airport. 
First they dropped Donald off at House Saktir, then they had to drop Nick off at House Aktar. They had told her that the head of House Aktar was dangerous and unstable and he disliked Nick so they knew that he would try to take advantage of Nick’s arrival, but Nick had no choice, every vampire had to report to their House on arrival in Zurich or they could be outlawed.
Nick had been getting quieter and quieter since they took off in Edinburgh but now, as they neared House Aktar, he couldn’t respond at all and Elly realised he was bracing himself for the inevitable the only way he knew how. 
Elly couldn’t help herself, she hugged him hard. She nearly regretted it when she felt him shudder and she wondered if his self control would slip but he managed to pull himself together. “Don’t ever forget Kay will come for you.” She whispered. 
Nick straightened, and smiled slightly at Elly. The car stopped and he met Kay’s eyes for a brief moment before he got out and marched up the steps of house Aktar. He looked so alone as he walked up the steps and she knew that Kay hated leaving him there, but he had no choice, so she slipped her arms around him hoping to comfort him. She knew she had succeeded when he dropped a soft kiss on her head.
Finally, they could head to House Zurek. 
They parked in a courtyard outside a huge old building in the centre of Zurich. She needed some sleep and she wanted reassurance, but Kay had changed. He’d become cold and formal as he guided her through a huge set of double doors which seemed to open automatically.
They were in an enormous hall with one of those black and white tiled floors that always reminded Elly of a gigantic chess game. If what Kay had told her about the labyrinthine inter-house political system was true then the chess analogy wasn’t far off the mark. 
The hallway was full of people, some were obviously security guards and some looked like important people in the House, they were all arranged at the far end so she felt very exposed as they walked across the huge hallway. How many vampires were there here? Kay had never been specific but there were more people than she’d imagined, there were also rows of what felt like humans occupying both sides of the hall. She squeezed Kay’s hand silently asking him what she should do.
Kay just slid his arm around her and carried on walking up the hall. He was approaching the group of important looking people at the end when a mature woman stepped out from one side. She knelt in front of him and offered him her wrist reciting a formulaic Latin phrase as she did so, “Recipiet Nal Zurek.5” 
“Gratias, domum est bonum, sed iam non bibum.6” 
Key looked around singling out the woman in the centre of the mass of officials “Omne secure me absente?7” 
She stepped forward, unmistakably aristocratic she was so arrogant and elegant she made Elly’s insides quiver. “Nal Zurek, fidem servavi omne Domus.8” She said as she handed a ceremonial key to Kay.
“Gratias Leonora.9” 
The ritual phrases over, Kay turned to address the other people, “Unfortunately I have come here to address a crisis so I have no time for the usual amenities, although I thank you for your care and devotion to House Zurek.”
Kayden guided Elly and Leonora straight to the double doors at the end of the hall.
Once the doors were shut, Kay relaxed becoming more like his usual self. “Hello Leonora, how have you been?”
“Nal Zurek, what is going on? Something’s happened to you and why have you brought a human with you?”
“Leonora, this is Elly, Elly this is Leonora my daughter.” 
They were walking briskly heading through the formal rooms and Elly was glad she’d picked up some of Kay’s abilities otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to keep up. Leonora didn’t seem to be interested in Elly, though she seemed to run around Kay like a small protective dog and Elly had no doubt she would soon start to growl. 
They slowed only when they had finally passed through the formal rooms and into a corridor containing what looked like modern offices.
“Are these rooms secure?”
“Yes we swept for bugs as soon as we knew you were returning.”
“Good, then we can talk. The Council has a problem, we’ve found some rebel activity and we’re trying to work out if it’s one vamp, all the former rebels or if the whole of House Nyshrak is involved.”
“I’ll get our security teams to update our information on House Nyshrak.”
“Good, but this goes no further Leo! Not even within the House.”
“Can I ask why?”
Kay looked undecided, “You can ask Leo, but I’m not sure how much to say until I’ve spoken with Deitmar tomorrow. Let me just say that looking after Elly is going to be one of the most important things we can do for a while.”
“Really?” Leonora looked less than impressed. Elly wasn’t sure if daughter was an honorific, but she had a feeling that Leonora was more than a little jealous. That was going to make things interesting. 
If Kayden noticed, he chose to ignore it, “Oh and what have we got on house Aktar? I’m going to need to get Nick out of there.”
“We must do something about Luca, he’s bringing The Council into disrepute.”
“Put a briefing together, I need to know how bad it’s got and whether there will be support for deposing him.”
“Yes Kayden.”
“We’re going to my rooms, I have a meeting tomorrow.”
“Very well. Does the human need feeding?”
“Yes the human does need feeding!” Elly snapped. She could see that Leonora wasn’t going to miss any opportunity to rub in her inferior status. Kay had been adamant, she wasn’t allowed to say what she was in case the other vamps tried to use her as a bargaining chip.
“Is there a problem Leonora?” Kay snapped.
“No Nal Zurek!”
Kayden put his arm round Elly, and although she felt like a pawn in a game of politics she was grateful for his support.
They went out leaving a politely fuming Leonora behind. Kayden slipped down one of the side corridors to an unmarked lift. 
He waited until they were in the lift before hugging Elly. “That went better than I thought.”
“How bad did you think it was going to be?”
“Leo didn’t ask as many questions as I thought she would at least.”
“I don’t think she likes me tho.”
“It’s nothing personal, she doesn’t like anyone any more.” Kay looked sad and although his tone implied the reason was unimportant to him. Elly thought it was probably more personal than that, so she wisely refrained from comment.
They walked out of the lift and through a door that looked more like it belonged in a safe than in a flat. They’d entered a room that was part office and part lounge, it was all wood panelling and old furniture. Elly realised that there were probably enough antiques in this one room to pay her salary for about ten years. Kay didn’t seem to notice, he was too busy locking the door and unpacking his bag.
Elly felt small and alone in the middle of all the imposing furniture, she ran her hand over the back of a Queen Anne chair, which was next to a Regency desk. It was a mishmash of furniture from all ages, but it served to emphasise just how old Kay was. For a moment she wondered what he could see in her, so much of his life was inaccessible to her.
Suddenly she felt his arms slipping around her waist and his lips on her neck, even though she was completely overwhelmed she couldn’t help but smile.
“I never thought about it, because I try not to spend much time here, but if you want to change the decor…” He tailed off.
Elly wondered how he always seemed to know the right thing to say, “I’m kinda afraid to touch anything, everything is so old.”
He laughed and his chest rumbled delightfully against her back, “Well you don’t seem afraid to touch me and I’m that old.” 
“Yes but if I broke you, you’d heal”
He grinned, “They’re just things.”
He picked her up and carried her through the door at the far end of the room. 
“Are you serious, is that a genuine four poster?”
“Yup, but be glad it’s not all antiques here.” 
He took her through another door to the largest wet room she’d ever seen, the shower area seemed to have jets coming from every possible angle. He must have noticed her wide eyes, “You want to test it?”
Kay picked her up so she could wrap her legs around his waist and carried her toward the shower, she had no idea how he did it but he managed to turn it on whilst still kissing her.
She felt his hands slide under her top and all of a sudden she couldn’t think of anything but the heat between her legs.
When she moaned and pressed against him, Kayden whispered, “maybe old things aren’t so bad?”

Leonora was fuming, it seemed to be a constant state for her these days. She’d agreed to Kayden turning her into a vampire because it sounded like a much more exciting life than marriage and motherhood, and it was. For a while it was. She’d travelled the whole of Europe with Kayden at her side, then the war came. The war had changed everything and with Kay gone so much they’d drifted apart.
With every offensive Kayden had grown colder, more remote form her and she couldn’t find a way to bring him back. It got worse when the old Nal Zurek died and he had to take on the house responsibilities as well. So she had decided to leave him to pursue her own political ambitions. She’d been more than successful, she was second in power to Kayden and as she represented House Zurek on The Council, she could influence vampire policy in the entire world. But dammit it wasn’t enough!
She missed him, she missed his solid presence in her life and she missed his warm body in her bed.
Now he was rubbing it in by bringing that woman here. It was so humiliating, at least he usually had enough tact not to flaunt his latest conquest in front of her. What was worse, this chit seemed to be more in his confidence than Leonora herself and she had no idea why. He was asking for more reports, but they didn’t make sense and everything seemed to be in a hurry today. 
All the time she’d been fuming, her hands had been mechanically collating the reports. She finished just in time to look up and see Kayden enter.
He looked his usual unruffled self, but she knew him well enough to know that there was something bothering him. He didn’t say anything, he just picked up the reports and began flicking through the inter house political ones.
“What have we got on House Aktar?”
“What haven’t we got? We could write a book on how mad Luca is becoming. He seems to be turning into a despot, most of the senior vamps have left Zurich so they don’t have to deal with him.”
“I was afraid of that.”
She looked at him enquiringly.
“Nick was supposed to come here last night.” he said flatly.
“Oh no!” Leonora was horrified, she’d got to know Nick during the war although as she’d not left Zurich since, she’d never had the opportunity to meet him again because Nick didn’t dare set foot anywhere near Luca. “You’re going to have to get him out of there. I’ve been getting reports of torture and murder and those are the good days. Honestly Kayden, if The Council doesn’t do something soon he’ll have killed them all and there won’t be a House Aktar left.”
“Shit!” Kayden slumped, Leonora knew he’d grown to care for Nick, but until that moment she hadn’t realised he also felt responsible for him.
“I wish you hadn’t brought him. It’s supposed to be horrible in there.”
“I didn’t have a choice, I need him for the meeting today and Luca would be within his rights to put a bounty on his head if he’s here and didn’t report in. I’m hoping the meeting will be enough to get him out of there.”
“I doubt it, Luca’s been close to defying The Council before and he doesn’t like you at the best of times.”
“He has always been jealous of Guillermo and thinks I would support him.” Kayden thought for a moment and Leonora could see him making and discarding plans, “Leo, I need your help.”
“What do you need?”
“Put it about that House Zurek would support Guillermo if he challenged Luca and let me know if you hear anything on the grape vine about Elly.”
“Why is she so significant?”
“I can’t tell you yet Leo, the fewer people who know the better. But have you heard any rumours about vampire legends?”
“Oh! Kayden she isn’t the Zuleika is she?”
“What?” She could see his genuine shock, maybe this was what he wasn’t supposed to discuss. 
“Kayden, there’s gossip going round that one’s been found, its not Elly is it?”
“Shit! Shit! Shit!” Kayden thumped the desk his frustration evident. “Aye, it’s her, sorry Leo we were hoping to keep it quiet, you know all the Houses will be after her.”
“Well its house Aktar and house Nyshrak that seem to be the source of the rumours.”
“In that case I bet Nick won’t be at the meeting. If I know anything about Luca, he’ll be torturing him for information on Elly.”
Kayden was pacing up and down, she knew he was thinking that it was more urgent than ever to get Nick out, but preferably without starting a house war.
“No wonder you said we had to guard Elly. I’ll double check everything and put feelers out for gossip, it’s not going to take long for the other houses to work out Elly is the one.”
“No its not, but keep an eye out for who is accessing the information. Do some decoy work to make sure House Zurek looks as ignorant as the rest, but if you really need information about the Zuleikas ask me, Donald, Nick or Deitmar only – is that clear?”
“It’s ok Kayden, I’ve got your back on this.”
Kayden walked around the desk and took her by the arms looking deep into her eyes, “I know you have Leo, you’re the best thing I’ve done in this life I don’t know how I’d manage without you.” he dropped a soft kiss on her forehead before leaving.
She couldn’t help it, even though she knew his emotions were strictly paternal now, the feel of him so close made her hold her breath, fearful of shattering the moment and when she felt his lips on her forehead, it took all her self control not to throw herself on him.
Not for the first time she wondered if leaving him had been the stupidest thing she had ever done, but then again she couldn’t have lived with him being so cold. This was the first time in years she’s seen him anything like his old self and it was that Kayden she missed.

Deitmar braced himself for his first sight of a Zuleika. From the tales he’d read recently he wasn’t sure whether to expect a fire breathing monster or an angel. As Donald had clearly survived his encounters, Deitmar assumed it was going to be safe but he couldn’t help the gnawing tendrils of doubt.
Kayden opened the door and nodded to him scanning the room just in case of a threat. Then he held the door open fully and a small woman with copper red hair entered behind him. The way she looked at Kay with her heart in her eyes took his breath away. How was someone so innocent going to cope in the sordid world of vampire politics? Without realising it, he had already decided to help protect her.
“Elly, this is Deitmar Nal Saktir.”
Deitmar stood and bowed low over her hand, he was completely charmed when she giggled and looked to Kay. “Elly please call me Timo.”
Kay laughed, “You’re still an outrageous flirt I see.”
“Never outrageous surely!”
“Need I remind you of Abensburg?”
“Gentleman,” said Donald, “please let Elly sit before we bore her silly.” Deitmar sighed, Donald may be his brother but he was very staid and boring. If he wasn’t so useful, Deitmar would have thought his sire had gone momentarily insane when he’d turned him. 
“So Elly, I take it I can rule out the tales where you kill every vamp on sight as we still seem to be alive?” His voice was deliberately flat and deadpan gauging her reactions.
Her eyes opened wide and she shrank backward, but Kay whispered something to her, and she broke into a broad grin before replying, “I can still change my mind Timo.”
He laughed aloud, “Oh Kay, you are a lucky man.”
“Timo, you are still a rogue, and yes, I am indeed most fortunate.” 
It was good to see Kay again it made him feel younger than he had in years, but he was focussing on the more serious matters. “So what do we know of the rebels?”
Donald nodded preparing to answer as Kay sat down keeping Elly next to him. He almost regretted inviting his baby brother, he was so meticulous and even after all these years it drove him up the wall. Especially now when he could tell Donald was winding up to one of his famously long winded speeches.
“Well we have yet to discover the full extent of the rebel activities, Timo has given me the papers from Marseilles and I have been working through them.” Donald droned on, “…There were bases in Paris, Copenhagen and Rome but there is no guarantee that’s where the others were taken…” Deitmar looked over at Kayden who raised an eyebrow in acknowledgement of Donald’s prosiness. He noted that Elly also seemed inured to him, they were just holding hands surreptitiously under the table. 
Donald continued, oblivious to anything else. “…We took out those other bases shortly after Marseilles. It is my belief they would have taken the remaining Zuleikas to one of their smaller holdings. If they have managed to keep their development delayed it is unlikely we will ever find them without a major search. So I have also been looking into reports of feral vamps. It would seem there have been a few instances. Aside from the ones in Cardiff, there has been one outbreak in Paris ten years ago but there have also been a few in and around Dublin, some as recently as last year. I would suggest that may be a fruitful avenue to explore.”
“We’ll need Council approval to make this official, and we can hardly call a meeting.” Kay interrupted.
“Well Kay I think it’s safe to say houses Zurek and Saktir are behind us, and we can hardly ask house Nyshrak. Doing anything with house Aktar is impossible so that just leaves houses Odtsetseg and Aynur?”
“Well Gabriel rarely takes an interest in anything so is Thalia in town?”
“I think she’s in her country place it’s up in the mountains near Aesch I believe.”
“Thalia is usually amenable but I’d rather deal direct. So I’ll try for a meeting, if not it’ll have to be her representative, Andrea. He’s probably worked it all out by now anyway as he’ll have been fetching the records.”
“Ja true, it is a subtle position, but it has great power.”
“Thalia was ever subtle.”
Elly plucked at Kay’s sleeve and Deitmar listened in, he assumed she wasn’t yet aware of how sharp their hearing was. “Kay you said Nick should be here to give his formal deposition, I’m worried about him and no one is doing anything.”
“I know Zuli, but we are doing something. We have to give Luca the chance to let Nick get here.”
“Ja, The Enforcer and The Head of the Security Council have already made a formal request to the head of house Aktar for Nick’s presence.” Deitmar supplied, “If Nick does not turn up he will be in contempt, so we can send The Enforcer to investigate without starting a war. If it turns out Nick was prevented from attending then whoever prevented him will be in contempt instead.”
“It’s about time we informed house Aktar that I will be on my way.”
Donald stood, “I’ll go and attend to that, I will also speak to Andrea about visiting Thalia.”
After he left, Deitmar called for refreshments for Elly and as he expected Kay refused the offer of one of his blood bonded, but Elly tucked into the plate of madeleines with gusto. What he wasn’t expecting was what Kayden did and he couldn’t stop himself from yelling out in shock, “Kay!”
“What?” He said his mouth full of cake, “You mean Donald didn’t tell you?”
“But how?”
“I’m no scientist, but I do know it’s the second best bit of the whole thing.” He said kissing Elly theatrically.
She giggled and leant against him, Deitmar was quick to notice the automatic way Kay’s arm slipped around her and how much more relaxed Kay was with her by his side. It was enough to make a grown vamp cry and Deitmar surreptitiously wiped at the corner of his eye. Kay grinned over, he had always been teased by Kay for being overly romantic, but it looked like Kay had the last laugh as usual.
The door opened and one of his young vamps came in. Deitmar noticed the vamps fangs descend when he smelled Elly and he narrowed his eyes and readied himself to intervene. Luckily, the vamp managed to hold it together while he put the message in front of him and hurried out.
Kay was talking quietly to Elly, distracting her, Deitmar could see her breathing had got faster and he raised an eyebrow at Kay. 
“I’m ok now,” she said, “I still can’t get used to ‘bad men’ appearing suddenly.”
Kay filled him in, “She was always told to be wary of fledglings. They’re way too susceptible to her, even now she’s stopped producing her mating scent she’s like human times ten to them. But I don’t want her starting an epidemic of ferals here.”
“Nein!” Deitmar felt chills at the very thought, but he forced himself to focus on reading the message. “Oh scheisse!”
It was Kay’s turn to raise an eyebrow at his outburst, but Deitmar just handed the paper to him. “He will only agree to a meeting if Elly is present?”
“That’s what it says, he wants to see the ‘queen’ of House Zurek.”
“Hmmm, I suspect he’s going to contest my claim to have Elly under my protection.”
“She does not feel as if she is in thrall it’s true.”
“I have an idea, but we’ve not tested it. What if I give Elly blood with a witness?”
“That should cover it, but I sense there is a downside.”
“Yes we’re not sure what effect it will have on the witness, you may have to run for it.” Kay’s voice was good humoured but Deitmar had a feeling there was an undercurrent of seriousness.
Before he could question it, Kay bit his own finger so that a single drop of his blood appeared. Elly opened her mouth and he placed it on her tongue. 
She leant forward to kiss Kay and Deitmar saw the most beautiful sight he had ever seen in all of his long life. A gentle golden halo appeared around them as the kiss deepened and Deitmar felt himself welling up as a feeling of peace like nothing he had ever known descended over him. 
Whatever it cost him he was going to help protect Elly.

Nick needs rescuing, Elly was not the only Zuleika captured during the war and it maybe too late to stop another war. 
To find out how Kayden rescues Nick and what happens when they hunt for the other Zuleikas please look out for Nick  - the Zuleikas book 2 in your favourite retailer.


Translations

Being a long lived species who have lived in various parts of the world the vampires speak many languages with ease. I have included translations for those of us who have not had so much time to study. (click on the hyperlinked numbers to go back to where you were in the story)
EJ

 1I’m Kayden Nal Zurek I want to speak to Deitmar (Latin) 
2No I don’t care if he is in a meeting, I have to speak to him now! (German) 
3Thanks Deitmar, take care (German) 
4Light in the dark (Czech)
5Welcome Nal Zurek (Latin)
6Thank you it is good to be home, but I’m not thirsty. (Latin)
7Has all been secure in my absence? (Latin)
8Nal Zurek, all the House has served faithfully. (Latin)
9Thank you Leonora. (Latin)
