Kayli Unknown


A Kat Johnson Mystery


By William Wresch
Copyright 2021 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


A tiny bar in a tiny Wisconsin town.    Suddenly the front of the bar explodes as a young girl smashes a car through the wall.    Kat rushes to help her as the roof of the bar collapses.  The girl is dead.  Who was she?  Why did she crash her car into the bar?  Why has no one in town ever seen her before?    Why is no one at her memorial service?  Her bracelet says her name is Kayli.  Kayli Who?


Chapter 1
The Girl in the Car

Kat was tending bar when it happened.  Not her job, really, but she had gotten a call at three.  
“The bar isn’t open.”  
Kat recognized the voice.  One of the Kaminski sisters.  Lisa, the regular bartender wasn’t at work again.  Maybe sick, maybe shacked up, maybe screaming into the night as she sometimes did.  Jim, the owner, would be teaching until three thirty, and then have basketball practice.  So who was left to open the bar?  Jim’s girlfriend.  The Kaminski sisters made the call, announced the problem, and hung up.
Kat pulled on her coat and boots and backed her fourteen passenger bus out into the cold.  
January at the northern edge of Wisconsin.  Snow, cold, sunset at four thirty.  Kat drove down empty roads to an empty town.  Maybe twenty homes still occupied.  Only three businesses left.  The three were huddled together with empty lots on each side.  Kat parked across the street – next to the unused train tracks. 
The ancient sisters were pressed against the door of the bar as if they wished to push their way through.  Or maybe they were just feeling some warmth come through the cheap laminated door.  Kat unlocked the door and let them in.  They went to their usual place – a small table and two chairs pressed against the right wall.  The wall farthest from the bar.  Farthest from the other customers.  Kat brought them each a glass of white wine while one sister pulled out a cribbage board and the other shuffled cards.
The bar was a simple place.  Old, shabby.  A huge pool table took up the middle of the room.  A long bar took up what space remained.  Twelve barstools and a large TV.  That was pretty much all there was.  Kat got behind the bar, kicked the half barrels to see how full they might be, put her key in the cash register, and ran a rag over the bar.  She was open for business.
It was nearly four when the first loggers arrived.  Chuck White’s crew.  Six men in their twenties who had been out in the cold all day.  Each wanted a glass of beer and a shot of brandy.  They sat opposite the TV, and glanced at some ESPN talk show, but mostly they talked among themselves and with Kat.  Kat poured a round.  Two of the guys she thought might not be legal age, but she served them anyway.  If they could handle eight hours with a chainsaw, she thought they earned the right to drink with their buddies.
Conversation?  Complaints about the cold.  Complaints about the woodlot.  Too many poplars.  Trees too small.  All singles.  Only two doubles all day.  Kat had just started to ask what a “double” was, and then it happened.  
The side of the bar exploded.  The front corner.  No more than two feet from where the old women played cribbage.  The Kaminski sisters were blown towards the back of the room.  The men at the bar ducked and dropped.  Kat stood and watched.  The car was ancient, and large.  Maybe gray, maybe brown.  Any color long faded and mottled with rust.  The driver was a girl.  A girl.  Young.  Far too young to be driving.  Her face was already pressed up against the windshield from the impact with the wall.  No seatbelt.  No air bags.  She was off the seat, over the steering wheel, face on the glass.  And her expression?  Absolute terror.
And then the car hit the pool table.  Slate top, mahogany sides, brass inlays, it weighed a ton and hadn’t been moved in decades.  It didn’t move now.  The car hit the pool table and disintegrated.  The radiator exploded, the front bumper bent back into the engine compartment, dented fenders blew rust and dirt all over the room.
And the girl.  Kat saw her.  Just before impact she turned her face, looking away, closing her eyes.  It probably would not have mattered, not with that impact, but by turning her head, when the car stopped and the girl’s body didn’t, her head was pinched against her shoulder.  It couldn’t possibly be true, but Kat could swear she heard her neck snap.
The back of the car rose up, almost in protest of the sudden stop, and then it dropped.  When it hit the floor, the driver’s door – what was left of it – popped open.  And Kat watched the girl first drop back against her seat, then slide to her left and fall from the car.  She landed face down, her legs and feet still in the car.
Kat was the first one to the girl.  She crouched over her, shielding the girl with her body as portions of the ceiling fell.  Fiberglass ceiling panels, light panels, insulation, pieces of lumber and metal from the eight or ten remodelings that had occurred during the hundred years the building had served beer.  All rained down.  Kat was hit across her back with things sharp, dull, heavy, and light.  It hurt.  
Her concern was the girl.  Kat had been trained multiple times.  One thing she knew for certain – you did not move someone with a neck injury.  Unless the building was on fire, or the roof was ready to collapse.  Would the roof be coming down?  Maybe.  Kat got hit by something heavy.  She began to worry she might collapse onto the girl.  She braced herself on one elbow, and slowly lifted the hair that covered the girl’s face.  She was pretty sure what she would see, but she had to be sure.  The face was twisted, turned, becoming a darker red as blood rushed down from her legs.  Movement?  None.  Breath?  None that she could feel.  Kat put two fingers on her neck, feeling for a pulse.  She couldn’t find one.
Kat heard screams from the old ladies as one of the rafters squealed, twisted, and then snapped.  There was a thud as a major portion of the roof collapsed just inside the front door.  And more squeals as other rafters took the strain, then twisted and snapped.  Kat kept her fingers on the girl’s neck.  She slid up and down looking for any sign of life in that skinny neck.  She found nothing.
She heard movement behind her.  The loggers.  Out from under the bar or behind their bar stools, they were retreating toward the back of the room.  And they were calling to her.  She heard their warnings.  She also heard the snap of larger boards.  The roof was coming down.  She kept her fingers on that throat, and wondered if the girl could be protected or moved. 
More things dropped on her.  Heavier things.  Sharper things.  Things that hurt.  She shielded the girl as best she could.  The air filled with dirt and fiberglass, and then with snow as a huge portion of the roof dropped and took out the front door and windows.  Kat braced herself to keep debris off the girl’s face.  But she felt more and more weight on her back.  And her fingers felt no life in that skinny neck.  
And then strong hands grabbed her ankles and pulled.  She was buried under a layer of ancient ceiling tiles.  She twisted to one side as she was pulled.  And she had the strangest vision.  The girl’s feet and legs were still in the car.  As Kat twisted, she saw them.  They were bare.  Bare feet, bare legs as her blue cotton dress slid down off her legs.  Kat reached out with one hand to pull the girl’s skirt up towards her feet.  A gesture to modesty?  A silly effort.  The skirt was already sliding back to the floor as Kat was pulled away.
There was a back exit to the bar, a small door that led out to where the trash barrels stood.  Kat was picked up and carried out.  One of the loggers brushed insulation and building materials off her.  Another stood between Kat and the door, blocking the clouds of dust and dirt and pink insulation that blew out the door in waves as section after section of the roof came down.
Kat couldn’t see very well.  She feared she had fiberglass insulation in her right eye.  She kept her hands away from her face and hoped tears would help.  She had plenty of those.  There was general movement away from the garbage barrels and away from the dust continuing to billow from the back door.  As they moved, Kat counted shapes.  Eight.  Two small.  Six larger.  A large shape held each of the small shapes.  Two large shapes held her.
“She’s dead.”  No one had asked, but Kat told them anyway.  “Broken neck.  I checked for a pulse.  She’s dead.”  
The two men holding her mumbled something like, “You did what you could.”  And they kept walking, shuffling through the snow of the empty lot beside the bar.  Even the empty lot was being buried in debris as the wall on that side bent outward, and then collapsed.  Dirt collected over a century exploded in a gray cloud across the snow.  They veered farther from the building, still breaking through the deep snow, headed toward the street.
The front wall was gone, as was half the roof.  The north wall – the side toward the empty lot – had initially collapsed toward the interior of the bar, but later sections had collapsed out and lay across the winter’s snow.  The bathrooms were on that side of the bar.  Pipes and toilets were visible.
The group stood on the street and waited.  And watched.  And listened.  Things were still falling inside the bar.  Things were still breaking.  Clouds of dust rose in the air like smoke.  The old ladies cried.  Two men said they would help them home.  Home was just the next block.  Four shapes left.  One shape came running up.  Ed Schneider from the party store.  No one from the restaurant.  It was only open weekends in the winter.  No one driving by.  It was dark, it was cold, people were in their homes in front of TVs.
Phones came out, and 911 was called.  Ed, the town gossip, wanted to know what had happened.  Kat thanked the two men who had pulled her out, and then stepped away from them.  There was fresh snow across the street.  She got down on her knees and washed her face and hands in the snow.  And then she started vomiting.  She was still vomiting when the ambulance arrived from Wausaukee. 
Eventually the appropriate people arrived and did the usual things.  EMTs washed Kat’s eyes and checked her for concussion.  She got the usual warnings about headaches and dizziness and was told to stay awake.  She nodded her head, accepted the blanket they wrapped around her shoulders, and stared at the bar.  It appeared to have stopped collapsing, but dust, dirt, and pink insulation continued to float out of any opening.   
The volunteer firefighters were next on the scene.  There was no fire – yet.  But two of their people went in through the back door and shut off all systems.  One of them took the time to find Kat’s coat and purse and bring them to her.  There were six or seven other volunteers, all dressed in their fire clothes, but all they could do was stand near the bar and watch it, the same as all the others who gathered.  Mostly they just kept people backed away from the bar, not that there was any real effort to get close.  Rafters were still making squealing noises as they settled.
Dave Kekkonen arrived a few minutes after the firefighters.  He parked his Deputy Sheriff squad where it was visible, but out of the way.  He spent a long time calling back to the office in Marinette, describing the scene.  No doubt other squads would be coming up from the southern reaches of the county.
It took him three conversations before he got to Kat.  She understood.  The fire people would tell him of any ongoing dangers, and the EMTs would tell him about casualties.  She saw one of the loggers talking to Dave and pointing in her direction.  Kat knew she would be next.
“You’re lucky to be alive, Kat.”
“They told you about the girl?”
“Yes.  She’s dead?”
“Broken neck.  I checked.”
“I know you did.”  Dave stared at her.  Clearly he was trying to determine how badly she had been injured, and how heavily he could interrogate her.  “You saw her face?”
“Yes.  Girl.  Young.  Maybe twelve or thirteen.  Far too young to be driving.”
“Did you recognize her?”
“No.”  She was looking past Kekkonen at the bar.  “She was terrified, Dave.  I have had soldiers spook on a patrol.  I have never seen anyone this afraid.  I could see her face as the car came through the wall.  There was this instant before it hit the pool table.  She was out of her seat, her face already on the windshield from the impact with the wall.  She looked at me.  This terrified little girl.”
“They say you shielded her as the ceiling came down.”
“You can’t really hear a neck snap.  But I thought I did as the car hit the pool table.  But she was just this little girl, lying face down on the floor, partly in the car, partly out.  So I went to her.”
“They need to brace up the walls and roof.  Probably be tomorrow, but they will get her out, and the funeral home in Wausaukee will make sure she is handled with respect.”
“She had bare feet, Dave.  Bare feet and bare legs.  Just a blue cotton dress.  In January.”
“Kat, you’re bleeding just above your hair line.  I’m going to send the EMTs back to you.”
Dave sent an EMT back for Kat, and then went off to talk to other witnesses.  The EMT apologized, cut a small circle of hair from Kat’s scalp, and put a series of bandages in place.
“It might be better with stitches.  Sometimes they use staples or even glue.  None of that is simple, and all of it has to come out again.  So I am going with these bandages.  But if the bleeding starts again, you need to drive to Marinette to have it fixed better.”
Kat thanked him.  And then she drove home.  Her fourteen passenger minibus was cold.  She drove the first block slowly, both to avoid people who were now arriving to look at the scene, but also because she felt light headed.  She probably should not have been driving, but she wanted to get home.  Halfway there, her vision clouded up again.  She was crying.  She just stopped her bus in the middle of the road.  Rural Wisconsin.  Back corner of nowhere.  She could do that.  Just stop the bus and cry.  She had visions of that little girl, first her face pressed against the windshield, and then her face down on the concrete floor of the bar.  Kat wrapped her arms around herself.  She cried.  Finally she got the bus moving again, back to her home.  



Chapter 2
Jim

Kat’s home was huge, dark, and empty.  It felt emptier than ever before.  Built to mimic the famous fishing lodges of Canada, it had log walls, a two story great room with stone fireplace and huge windows looking south over the lake.  Above an open stairway were six bedroom suites built for the millionaires who had never come.  Below were the kitchen, a dining room, and Kat’s bedroom.  
Kat was desperate to use her bedroom, but knew the EMT had been right about concussion.  She had been hit multiple times – hard.  She needed to sit, and wait, and check her own health.  She chose a couch before the stone fireplace.  Leather.  All the seating in the great room was leather.  High quality, large, dark – male furniture.  Purchased, designed, and placed to please rich fishermen – who had never chosen to patronize a lodge on a very average lake in the back corner of Wisconsin.  She would sink into the soft leather, monitor her pulse, and wait.
The fireplace was gas.  She turned that on, but left the lights off.  The gas pipes had been cleverly arranged so the fire at least vaguely resembled a real fire.  She had brought the gas in.  The fireplace was huge, and there was an endless supply of wood in the forest surrounding her lodge.  And her customers liked a wood fire.  Nice aromas.  Interesting colors.  But a wood fire demanded constant attention.  It wasn’t just cutting and splitting the wood.  It was managing the fire – getting a good draft going so the smoke would go up the chimney and not into the room.  Adding a log every few minutes.  Poking the logs to move them into the best position as they burned.  Waiting until the last of the fire was out before closing the damper, while cold air came down the chimney and chilled the room.  Constant attention.  She gave it that attention for two years, then had it converted to propane.  Open the damper, flip a switch, fire.  Far easier when her customers were gathered around each weekend, far easier tonight as she sat in the dark and stared into the flames.
Somewhat embarrassing.  She owned ten acres of forest around the lodge.  There was downed wood everywhere.  But she used gas.  Lazy?  Yes.  When you came right down to it, she was getting lazy.  She looked at the flames and felt embarrassed.
She also felt empty.  She had watched a young girl die.  A terrible death.  The girl terrified.  Dead before she hit the floor.  The cold, concrete floor of an ancient bar.  A floor that needed scrubbing and resurfacing.  How could any of that happen?  Twelve?  Thirteen?  What was she doing in a car?  What was she doing in a cotton dress in January?  And now?  Buried under the ancient roofing materials of a tiny bar at the back end of Wisconsin.  Trapped on that dirty floor.  Trapped in the January cold.  No shoes.
Kat started crying again.  She was sick at heart.  She was also in pain.  She felt herself begin to stiffen up.  Her back had been hit hard and often.  She would stiffen as she sat, and be worse in the morning.  Much worse.  An endless sequence of pain.  She wished she had taken a Tylenol.
But she would have a morning.  The girl would not.  Kat pulled her feet up under her, wrapped her arms tightly around herself, and silently cried.  She had left Afghanistan hoping she would never cry again.  But she was.  There it had been sitting on a steel bed in one half of a shipping container turning into post housing, here it was a luxury lodge and soft leather seat, but they were the same tears.  She saw the girl’s face pressed against the glass, and she cried.
Jim came for her about midnight.  People around town thought they were the perfect couple.  Both tall.  Champion basketball players, him on the local high school team, her on the University of Wisconsin team.  Sometimes they were the perfect couple.  Sometimes they weren’t.
He let himself in and settled himself next to her on the couch.  He put an arm around her shoulders.  He pulled her to him.  She grimaced.  He noticed.
“How badly were you hurt?”
“Just cuts and bruises.  I’ll be fine in a day or two.”
“Kekkonen called me.  I came up after practice.  I’ve seen the bar.  You are lucky you weren’t killed.”
“Is she still in there?”  Kat turned to face him.
“Everyone seemed to agree it would be safer to wait until morning and get some heavy equipment in.  They fear the rest of the roof might drop.”
Kat had this vision of the girl’s bare feet.  January.  She would be cold.
“They explained about the crash?”
“Said she had a very old car and came in through the front corner.  The pool table stopped her, or she might have hit the guys sitting at the bar.”
“She was terrified, Jim.  I was facing that end of the building as I stood talking to the guys.  I saw her face.  I have never seen anyone that frightened.”
“Stole the car from her parents, I suppose.  Thought she knew how to drive.  Couldn’t control it.”
“She had bare feet.”
Jim’s turn to stare at Kat.  He was a decent looking man.  Good hair for a man in his early forties.  Solid face.  Not handsome, but good enough.  If you saw him walking down the street you would know he was a solid member of the community.  Maybe a teacher, maybe a guy selling insurance.  That “solid” face was now directed at Kat.
“So, you think maybe a runaway?”
“Bare feet, bare legs, blue cotton dress, no coat.  It’s like she stepped out of a warm living room, got into the car, and drove.”
“Fight with her parents?  Kids do that.  Something we think is nothing.  Late homework assignment.  Special TV show.  They think it’s the end of the world.  They explode.  By now the parents have called 911.  Kekkonen is probably talking to them.  They don’t understand how it all happened.  Parents don’t.  Grownups don’t.”
“She was so scared, Jim.”
“We’ll know why tomorrow.”
Long silence.  They both stared at the fire.  Jim kept his arm around Kat’s shoulder, but touched her carefully.  Just finger tips sliding up and down her arm and shoulder.  Light touches.  Soft strokes.  Kat slowly uncrossed her arms and put a hand on Jim’s knee.
“I like your touch.  But you know you aren’t getting anything tonight.”
Jim just laughed.
“Kat, I don’t want to insult you, but you understand you are covered in a hundred years of bar dust and pink insulation.  Oh, and there’s a bandage where your hair used to be.”
“He told me it was a small bandage.”
“Small, and very attractive, but still, I think we’ll postpone any romance until you are not concussed and bleeding.  Now.  Let me get you to bed.  Alone.”  
Jim stood, and pulled Kat up from the couch.  He kept one arm around her as they walked back to her bedroom.  He pulled her sweater over her head only to release a cloud of dust and dirt.  Her jeans were just as bed.  She tried to unhook her bra, but Jim saw her wince as she moved her arms behind her.  He finished undressing her, and pulled a satin nightgown over her head.
“You look sexy as hell in that nightgown, but I’m putting it on you because it will feel better on your bruises, not because I’m looking for any action.”
“Your time will come, but it may be a few days.”  She sat on the edge of her bed.  “Check my eyes for concussion, and get me a Tylenol, will you?”  
Jim turned on the overhead light and watched her pupils contract.  He got the light off again pretty quickly, and brought her a Tylenol and glass of water.  She was already under the covers.  Jim lay on the other side of her bed, his clothes still on.  She dropped off to sleep pretty fast.  He watched her for a while, checked her breathing, then he slept too.
Jim’s mornings started pretty early, but he got her another Tylenol, and checked her pupils one more time before leaving for school promptly at seven. He also gave her a light kiss on the lips.  Kat smiled, then dropped her head back onto her pillow, and went back to sleep.



Chapter 3
Lisa

Lisa arrived midafternoon.  Kat was tempted to ignore the knock at her door.  The Tylenol had helped – a little.  But when she got up to use the bathroom she had felt dizzy.  And she ached all over.  And when she looked in the bathroom mirror, she knew she looked awful.  It was a good day to just lie in bed.
But.  Her lodge was in the middle of nowhere.  Ten miles outside Amberg, and Amberg was, well, outside anywhere.  So if people were at her door, they had driven a distance, and they had driven with a purpose.  She waited until she heard knocks a second time, then slid out of bed, pulled on a robe, and shuffled to the door.
Lisa.  Jim’s bartender.  The one who hadn’t shown up for work the day before.  Always dressed like a cow girl.  Cow girl boots, jeans skirt, jeans jacket, embroidered blouse.  Dyed hair.  Washed out blonde, short, ribbons around pig tails that would look better on someone thirty years younger.  Makeup.  Bright.  Extensive.  Put on with some care but limited skill.  What saved her was a smile that seemed genuine.  Always a smile.  Always wanting to please.  By reputation, she would please one or two men a month.  And they probably were well pleased.  Mid-thirties, she had good hips, tight waist, C or D cups that pressed against her blouse.  And a ready smile.  No hard words, no harsh good byes.  A smile and a kiss and on to the next guy.
She stood at Kat’s door with a smile and a cardboard box.
“Kat.  I was so sorry to hear what happened.  I heard you were hurt.  I brought some soup.  May I come in?”
It was January, and Kat had left Lisa standing out in the cold, but in truth, she was shocked as hell to see her.  Lisa had been Jim’s main bartender for almost a year now, so they had run into each other several times, but they had probably exchanged less than ten words.  And here she was, at Kat’s door.  With soup.
“Of course.  Thank you for coming.”  Kat finally backed away from the door and let the woman in.  Lisa set down her box, took off her heavy coat, boots, and gloves, and then unbuttoned her jeans jacket.  Her blouse was unbuttoned enough that Kat could decide for herself – D cups.  Definitely D cups.
“Your kitchen?  I should probably reheat the soup.”  Kat led the way through the lodge.  Lisa was a talker.  She had something to say about everything they passed.  The furniture, the carpet, the fireplace, the windows, the antler chandelier.  If she saw it, she commented.  Mostly things were “beautiful,” but they could also be “fabulous, interesting, or exotic.”  The kitchen, of course, was “overwhelming,” but also “very professional.”
She motioned for Kat to take a seat at the large preparation table – which Kat gladly did.  She didn’t like how dizzy she felt.  With a few quick directions from Kat, Lisa found a pan, and had the soup on the stove.  She sliced up some cheese and an apple, and put them on a plate while waiting for the soup to heat.
“They told me you might have a concussion, so I suggest you eat a little of this and a little of that,” she said as she put the cheese plate in front of Kat.  “Not too much of anything.  I’ll have the soup for you in just a minute.  Your bowls?”
Kat pointed to a cabinet, and Lisa finished putting the meal in front of her.  Lisa hovered over Kat for a minute, checking to see if everything was all right, then poured herself a bowl of soup and took the chair next to Kat.
“If you want to talk about last night, I am here to listen, but if you just was some quiet while you eat, that is fine too.  What you need now is food, and rest.”
Kat just nodded and slowly ate her soup.  Chicken soup.  Just an accident, or was Lisa one of those people who saw it as a magic cure?  Either way, it tasted pretty good.  It also warmed her.  She felt her shoulders relax a bit.  Chicken soup – grandmothers’ version of Tylenol?  Kat not only finished that bowl, but took a partial refill.
Lisa used the time to explain how impressed she was with the kitchen, and the lodge, and the lake.  Always a smile.  Always impressed.  Always something to say.
At some point, maybe because she was feeding Kat, she seemed to take on the role of caretaker, or mother.  She decided when Kat was done eating, and she put an arm around Kat as she walked her back to her bedroom.  She hung Kat’s robe, and pulled the covers up to Kat’s chin once she was in bed.
Since Kat barely knew the woman, she wasn’t too comfortable having the woman seem to take over her house, but somehow the soup had made her even more tired, more relaxed, and the woman never stopped talking long enough for Kat to object.  The last words Kat heard as she closed her eyes were, “Sleep is the most important thing for you.  Sleep helps you heal.  I’ll go clean up our things in the kitchen and stay out of your way.”
The sun had set when Lisa woke Kat.  She sat on the edge of the bed and slid a hand along Kat’s cheek.
“That was good, Kat.  Almost four hours.  Obviously you needed the sleep.  Your body always knows the right thing to do.”
Kat looked up at Lisa.  Something was different.  Clothing.  The skirt, jacket, and blouse were gone.  She was wearing a slip.
“I don’t know what plans you have for Jim, but I think you should shower before he gets here.  I’ll help with your hair.  We will need to be careful with your cuts, but I think we can get most of the dirt and insulation out.”
That sounded like a reasonable idea to Kat, but as she slipped out of bed, she felt incredible weakness.  Lisa steadied her, and led her to the shower.  Both women dropped their clothes on the floor and stepped into the water.  
Since the lodge had seven bedrooms plus a huge kitchen, it also had a massive water heater.  They needed it.  For the first few minutes, Kat just stood in the water as dirt and dust washed off her.  She held her face into the stream for a long time, liking the feel.  Then, finally, they started working on her hair.  Her hair extended just past her shoulders, so not incredibly long – fortunately, but still, it felt like every single hair was twisted up inside others.  For the longest time, Lisa worked on get Kat’s hair all hanging in the same general direction.  Then she started looking for cuts.  Kat leaned against a wall, and Lisa stood close behind her, slowly taking the hair to one side or another, stopping whenever she felt Kat flinch.
“You have three cuts.  One they bandaged.  We will have to be careful with that one.  But the other two are almost as big.”  She placed her fingers so Kat could feel where the cuts were located.
“I’m going to run shampoo through your hair at least twice.  It may take a third time.  It is really a mess back here, Kat.”
“Old bar.  Old dirt.”
“I hope you had a tetanus shot.”
“The army kept us up to date.”
“Okay.  Crouch down a bit, and I’ll get to work.”
Lisa leaned against Kat’s back and worked shampoo into Kat’s hair.  Slowly.  Carefully.  She had Kat move under the shower head, and both of them watched a stream of gray water run down Kat’s shoulders and legs.  
In the end, it took four wash rinse cycles to get the last of the dirt and insulation out.  Then there was the conditioner cycle.  Lisa applied it twice.  Funny, while Lisa was doing all the work, Kat felt exhausted by the time she was done.  It was all she could do stand while Lisa toweled her off and then led her back to her bedroom.
“Nightgowns?”  Lisa pointed to Kat’s dresser.  “I think satin again.  It will be soft against your bruises, and of course Jim will like it.”  Kat pointed to a dresser drawer and Lisa picked out a long, white gown.  As soon as she had it on Kat, she pulled on her own slip.  
“Here’s the hard part, Kat.  I am going to have to comb this all out.”  She pointed to a seat by Kat’s dressing table, and Kat settled herself.  The table was an heirloom.  Nothing Kat would have bought for herself.  Old, dark, oval mirror, single shallow drawer, curved legs.  It had belonged to a great aunt.  Kat felt she was storing it for some young bride to come from some branch of the family.  Until then, it mostly took up space.  Until now.
Lisa put her thighs against Kat’s back, raised a heavy comb, and began tentatively pulling through Kat’s hair.  She was patient, and she was careful.  One hand held the hair up by Kat’s scalp, the other slowly pulled the comb down through Kat’s hair.  She took small amounts at a time.  Less likely to get caught in a snarl.  Less likely to pull near one of the cuts.  
But a slow process.  Kat found herself leaning more and more back against Lisa’s thighs.  And watching Lisa in the mirror.  Lisa would look up from time to time and smile into the mirror, but mostly she kept full concentration on the comb, and especially on the hand near Kat’s scalp, the one protecting Kat from pulls.  She combed, and slid her fingers, combed and slid her fingers.  For nearly an hour.  Slow, careful, bracing Kat, and leaning slightly over her, bending so her breasts pushed up from her slip.  Kat saw that too.
Eventually Lisa found a new bandage for the cut at the back of Kat’s hair, then arranged the hair around Kat’s shoulders.  She played with it a bit, putting some over one shoulder, and behind the other, smiling into the mirror as she toyed with the hair.
“You’re a beautiful woman, Kat.  I hope he tells you that often.”
“Thank you for doing this.  It was very kind.”
“I am happy to help.  May I suggest?  Sit in the great room while you wait for him.  I will strip your bed.  It needs it.  Who wants to sleep on pink fiberglass?  I’ll make some dinner for you, and then get out of the way.”
“You don’t have to do all that.”
“Kat, if you hadn’t worked my hours yesterday, it would have been me in that bar.  I owe you.”
Lisa turned at that point and began pulling the sheets from Kat’s bed.  Kat chose not to argue with her.  She had a satin robe.  She decided to pull that on and wait for Jim across from the fireplace.  Lisa was right – he would like her look.
Lisa fussed for the next hour.  She pushed Kat’s bedding into the washer, then came back and made Kat’s bed from the set of sheets in her closet.  She also set up the dining room, lighting candles and opening wine.  Dinner was grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup.  She also rushed out to her car and brought in a small suitcase.  The next time she came out of Kat’s bedroom she was wearing a short yellow dress with a very flared skirt and a very low neckline.  And three inch heels.  As she returned to the kitchen, she paused long enough for Kat to see her, and to smile.
She served dinner in the dining room.  Two chairs close together.  Wall sconces set low, the antler chandelier off, two sets of candelabras.  She took Kat’s hand and walked her to the dining room.  Kat hesitated as she cross the great room.  A look out toward the road.  No Jim.  Lisa noticed, but said nothing.
“It’s a simple meal, Kat, but I think it will be good for you.”  She guided Kat to her seat.  “I’ll sit with you until Jim comes, then I’ll get out of your way.”  She poured them each a glass of wine.  She raised her glass.  “To better days, Kat.”
“To better days.  But actually today wasn’t as bad as I feared.  Thank you for all your help.”
“You are welcome.”
Kat took a good look at Lisa.  She hadn’t just changed her dress.  She had worked on her hair and makeup.  The yellow dress looked good with her coloring.  Her dyed hair almost looked natural.  Of course the candlelight helped.
“Are you going to a party later?”
“No.  It just didn’t feel like an evening for a cow girl.  You have such a beautiful place, I thought I would try to fit in.”
“Well, you fit in very well.”  Kat looked at her a little longer, then went to work on her soup.  She also went through her wine pretty fast.  The shower had relaxed her.  The wine was doing even more.  There were still several places along her left side where pain made particular positions impossible, but all in all, there had not been as much pain and stiffness as she had feared.
“Kat, may I make a suggestion?”
“Sure.”
“I don’t know what time you expect Jim, but if we have time, I learned some massage techniques.  I could try to help your back before I go.”
“I don’t know when Jim will come, or if he will come at all.  It’s a school night.  He has basketball practice.  There might even be a game tonight.  And he always has papers to grade and lessons to plan.  And now he needs to determine what to do about his bar.  Well, actually, his dad’s bar.  But I am sure Jim will have to make some decisions there.”
“Well, how about this?  Two glasses of wine, and we try the massage.  Maybe we’ll have time for it, maybe we won’t.  But we give it a try.”
“Fine.”
It doesn’t take long to eat a grilled cheese sandwich.  And both of them largely ignored the soup.  They had a second glass of wine and then finished the bottle.  They left the dirty dishes and moved pretty quickly to Kat’s bedroom.  Lisa kicked off her shoes, and then turned her back to Kat.
“Do you mind helping with my zipper?”
There are always signals as relationships change.  The zipper signal?  Very loud, and very clear.  Kat recognized it.  And she was comfortable with it.  She stood close, slowly drew Lisa’s zipper down, then slid her dress forward over Lisa’s shoulders.  Once there, she just held her.  She waited to be sure, kissed the top of Lisa’s head and waited again.  Lisa moved Kat’s hands and placed them over her breasts.  Message accepted.  Communication complete.
Kat dropped her robe and lay face down on her bed.  Lisa straddled her, leaned over her, and began massaging Kat’s shoulders.  Her touch was light, her breath on Kat’s neck lighter.  Kat felt her back slowly loosen.  Her one wish at the moment?  That Jim would stay in Wausaukee.



Chapter 4
Deputy Kekkonen

Lisa was still with Kat two days later when Deputy Kekkonen arrived.  The time had gone well.  Kat was sure Lisa had been with a woman before.  It wasn’t so much what she did or didn’t do, it was the confidence with which she did it.  Confidence, and comfort.  Ease.  She’d see Kat across the great room, and there’d be a knowing smile.  They’d pass in the hallway and she’d touch Kat’s cheek, or play a bit with her hair.  She’d continued to cook for Kat, but now she kissed the top of Kat’s head as she put the food before her.
And they talked.  In bed, on the couch by the fireplace, seated close at meals.  Wine helped, but it was not required.  Lisa talked about growing up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan – the UP.  She called herself a Yooper, and laughed about it.  There was school, there were jobs, there were boys.  Small towns shrinking each year.  Old friends moving off to new lives.  Her move south of the state line into the northern fringes of Wisconsin.  “I didn’t get very far, did I?”
Kat talked about her business.  Outdoor experiences for women.  Too cold in January, but she would start her workshops again in February.  Weekend workshops.  Friday arrivals, Sunday departures.  It worked.  Repeat customers.  Most of the twelve slots filled for each workshop.
One evening she almost talked about the bar and the girl.  She got the first couple words out and realized she wasn’t ready yet.  She had a vision of those bare feet and bare legs still up in the car, and her throat closed up.  Too early to talk about that, even to a friend.
They were still in bed when Kekkonen arrived.  Massages had helped Kat’s back, but the bruises had been severe, and she still had pain if she moved much.  So she lay on her back, hands at her side.  Lisa was careful when she touched Kat.  Even after she heard Kat’s breathing change, and she knew her to be awake, she moved slowly and touched lightly.  Her fingers played a bit with the hair falling across Kat’s face, then slid down to her cheek.  She leaned over and kissed her then.  And she let her hand find Kat’s breasts.  By the second morning Lisa knew where Kat wanted her hand, and she went there.
Lisa had raised herself over Kat, and was smiling down into her face, when they heard the squad car.  Frost formed on the asphalt drive each morning.  So they heard a crunch first, then a squeal as the tires turned an arc across the drive and to the front door.  There was a pause, and then they heard a car door open.
Lisa was quick to get out of bed.  She had found a satin robe among Kat’s things, and pulled that on as she went to the door.  Kat lay in bed and listened.  When she heard Kekkonen’s voice, she slowly slid out of bed, carefully straightened her back, and pulled on a robe of her own.  Satin.  Kekkonen was going to get an eye full.  But satin felt best on her back.  And, it was her house.
“Good morning, Dave.”
“Hi.  Kat.”  The deputy was holding a large envelope.  Forms?  Pictures?  Kat hoped there would be no pictures.
“Have you met Lisa Wallace?”  Kat motioned to Lisa.  Lisa had backed well away from the door, and in fact was now partially behind Kat.
“Yes, but it’s been a while.”  He nodded to Lisa.  His expression was “official.”  No smile.  No frown.  No expression at all.  But a long look.  Lisa pulled her robe tighter around herself.
“Would you like some coffee?”
Dave nodded, and Kat led the way back to the kitchen.  Dave had been in the lodge multiple times, for multiple reasons.  Even when the reasons involved Kat as a crime suspect, Kat offered coffee.  It set the stage for more informal conversation.  Kat also did it out of respect for Dave.  She was five eleven.  He was five eight.  When they sat across from each other, they were the same height.  Her years working with him had taught her he was worth the effort.
“I’ll get it for you.  Just give me a chance to get dressed.”  Lisa shouted at their backs, then ran to the bedroom.
Kat decided she would let Lisa make the coffee.  She should be included.  It was her bar too.  While they waited for Lisa, Kat and Dave took their usual places at the huge preparation table in the kitchen – Kat closest to the stove, Kekkonen directly across from her.
“Lisa?”  Kekkonen put the large envelope on the table, but left it sealed.
“She’s been helping me.  A lot of the ceiling dropped on me.  No real injuries, but plenty of bruises and stiff muscles.”  
Kat watched him as she answered.  Kekkonen was a local boy.  Now in his early forties, he was the sole deputy on call for the northern half of the county – the empty half.  Short hair just beginning to show some gray.  Square face and shoulders.  Barely tall enough to make the height restrictions, but if you looked at him on the street, your first thought would be “cop.”  And a decent guy.  He had helped Kat when she needed it.  Now?  The question about Lisa was out of character.  Functioning alone over half the county, he was as much detective as patrol officer.  But Lisa was none of his business.  Dave was being rude.  Kat squared her shoulders and stared at him.  To make sure he understood, she held her gaze until Lisa joined them in the kitchen.
Lisa was a cowgirl again.  Jean skirt, embroidered blouse, jean jacket.  No boots, but tall socks.  She went straight to the coffee maker and started filling cups.
“Do you have news on the girl, Dave?”  Now that Lisa was working on the coffee, Kat felt ready to restart their conversation.
“Yes and no.”  Kat watched his hands as he answered.  So far, no movement to the envelope.  No pictures.  Thank God.  “We think we have a name.  Kayli.  She wore a bracelet.  Looked homemade.  No other identification in the car.  No purse.  But at her age, not all girls carry a purse.”
“Her parents?”
“No contact from anyone.  We have put out information, the girl’s name, description.  Nothing.”
“But you have her car.  Even if she stole it, the registration information would give you a starting location for a search.  She was barefoot.  She couldn’t have gone too far from home.”
“I wish that were true.”  He started opening the envelope.  Kat felt herself backing away from the table.
“Dave, stop.  I don’t want to see any pictures of her.  Really.  Don’t.”
“I won’t.”  He reached across the table, and almost took her hand.  He stopped, but she understood the gesture.
“Thank you.”
“I want you to see the car.”  
He withdrew his hand and pulled several large photos from the envelope.  There wasn’t much left of the car.  Whatever hadn’t been destroyed by collision with the outer wall and the pool table, had been crushed when the roof fell on it.  There were five pictures.  He showed her the first four, laying them out on the table.
“Technically, it isn’t a car, it is a truck.  International Harvester.  They made them for just two years in the late seventies.  Interesting idea.  Farmer comes in for an IH tractor, why not sell him a car at the same time?  And the vehicle was a combination truck and station wagon.  Really the first SUV.”  He let Kat stare at the pictures.  She felt Lisa leaning over her shoulders.
“So, over forty years old.  Maybe that explains why it seemed to explode in a cloud of rust.”
“Yes, I checked with Highway Patrol.  The thing is a piece of junk.  They only have seven still registered in the state.  This one, by the way, is not one of the seven.”
“Still, it was registered at one time.  You can use the VIN to find the last owner.”
“Yes, we found an identification number of the engine block and on what was left of the dash.  We know it was sold by a dealer across the river in Menominee in 1977.  That dealership is long gone, the owner, long dead.  With the help of the Michigan Highway Patrol we can find the first two owners.  Both deceased.  And no, there is no sign of foul play.  The car is just very old, and it was purchased by retired farmers who had it for a decade or so, then died.”
“And then?”
“Like I said, our Highway Patrol says the car is junk.  Twenty year old junk shouldn’t be on the highway.  This one may have gone to a junk yard, or may have just gone to someone’s cabin for quick trips back into the woods.”
“Fair enough, Dave.  Now show me the last picture.”
“We think you can tell us about this.”  He slid the last picture close to Kat.  It showed the left rear wheel of the car.  The frame was bent from the weight of the roof, and part of the rear fender wrapped partially around the wheel.  But there was a round disk attached to the wheel.  She recognized it.
“It’s a belt drive.”  Kat put her finger on the disk.  “I saw a few of these in Afghanistan.  Roads there are terrible.  Cars don’t last long.  Usually they are scrapped out and used to repair other cars.  But sometimes the drivetrain is kept.  They attach something like this to a rear wheel, and use it to drive some equipment in the village.  Maybe a well pump.  Use rope, or hose, or a leather belt, and connect the wheel to the pump.  Start the car, put it in gear, and your pump gives you water.”
“Good use for an old car.”  This from Lisa.  She was leaning over Kat’s shoulders, one hand lightly touching the back of her neck.
“Yes, some local probably had it jacked up and was using it to turn some equipment.  She took it off the jack and drove away.”
“Dave,” Kat pointed to the other pictures.  “The car is nearly fifty years old.  It was junk to start with, and now it is old junk.  How far could it go?  This girl must live on the edge of town.”
“We’ve checked.  Every house in town, every house close by.  Nothing.  No missing kids, no missing cars, never heard of a Kayli.”
“That makes no sense.  Kids don’t just appear out of nowhere.”
“There’s one other problem.”  Dave looked at the two women.  He paused.  “This is not to be shared.”  Both women nodded agreement.  “Kayli was a boy.  She may have looked like a girl, and dressed like a girl, and presented as a girl, but biologically, she was a boy.”
“What’s that got to do with all this?”  Lisa framed her statement as a question, but there was some emphasis to it. 
“Maybe nothing.  And she is entitled to her privacy, even dead.”
“So why tell us?”  Lisa seemed to be getting louder.
Dave didn’t answer.  He just looked at Kat, left picture number five with her, and slid the rest back into his envelope.  
“Thank you for the coffee.”  He was up and out to his squad, both women following him as far as the front door.
“What does he want from you?”  Lisa waited until Kekkonen was back out on to the road and headed back to town.  “Why was he even here?”
“He needs help.”



Chapter 5
Remnants of a Town

Lisa stood looking up at Kat.  Barely five six, she had a long way to look up, but she held her gaze.  She was choosing her words carefully.  She had something to say.  But Kat started first.
“Kekkonen arrived, and you dressed like a cow girl again.”  Kat ran her fingers over Lisa’s jeans jacket.
“It’s comfortable.”
“Every woman in Marinette County wears jeans with a polo shirt in the summer, jeans with a sweater in the winter.  Hair pulled back in a ponytail.”  She kept her hand on the front of Lisa’s jacket.
“Men like women in skirts.  A jeans skirt is warm.”
“And tight.”
Lisa ignored her comment.
“The jacket is warm.”
“And protective.”
Lisa pushed Kat’s hand away.  “Don’t be rude.  Don’t analyze me.  Don’t be a cop.  Be a friend.”
“Nothing to say about him?”
“No.”
“Fair enough.  My turn to make breakfast.”  
Kat turned and walked to the kitchen.  Lisa followed a few steps behind.  Along the way she shed her jeans jacket, and pulled her blouse out of her skirt so it hung loose around her.  Once in the kitchen, the women split the work.  Kat went to the stove, Lisa went through the cabinets finding bowls and spoons, and getting out a container of milk.  
“I didn’t bring many clothes with me.”  Kat was stirring oatmeal on the stove.  Lisa talked to her back.  “I should go back to my apartment and get some clean clothes.”  She presented those words as a statement, but they were really a question.  Would she be staying with Kat much longer?  Did Kat want that?
“Yes, we can go up there later today, if you like.”  Kat faced the stove, so Lisa couldn’t see her face.  She knew her own face showed relief.  She slid up behind Kat and wrapped her arms around Kat’s waist.
“I’ll do your hair and change your bandages before we go.  You are still bleeding on your pillow.  I think it will be a few more days before that cut heals.”
“Thank you.”  Kat stirred oatmeal with one hand, and placed the other on Lisa’s hands.  Message received.
When they sat to eat, Kat took the discussion in a very different direction.
“You were a teen in this region.  Where did kids get their marijuana?”
Lisa looked up from her bowl to see if Kat was serious.
“You want to buy some dope?”
“If I need to.  But first answer my question.  Where do they get dope?”
“Everywhere.  Winter lasts forever, and it’s easier to get dope than beer.”
“Tell me about ‘everywhere.’”
 “Really, everywhere.  I had friends grow it in their basements.  A few did it in their gardens, in between corn rows.  And there were pros.  They grew the best stuff.”
“Tell me about them.”  
“Old hippies.  Back to the land.  That sort of thing.  They bought twenty or forty acres, and just disappeared.”  She stopped.  “People out in the middle of nowhere.  No phone.  No electricity.  You think…”
“Maybe she’s their daughter.  But maybe she is just some runaway crashing there.  She steals the car they use for power.  Off she goes.  Now they hear she has taken out a bar.  It is their car.  Are they responsible for the damage?  If they say anything, will the cops pay them a visit?  What might the cops see?”
“You’re trying to determine why no one has come for the girl.  Maybe they are doing something they don’t want the world to know about.”
“Yes.”  Kat finished her oatmeal and waited for Lisa to name a couple likely places.
“I could help you find three places like that up by Iron River.  But she wouldn’t have come down that far.  It would be someplace closer.”
“Yes.”
“Kat, I stopped smoking about ten years ago.  When I moved down here.  I have no idea who is hidden away in the woods around here.”
“Fair enough.  We’ll drive a few backroads and see if anything looks likely.”  Kat washed her bowl and headed back to her bedroom.  She moved fairly quickly.  Less stiffness in her back and thighs.  That felt good.  Progress.
Lisa caught up with her and sat Kat down in front of her dressing table.  Combing her hair was still a slow process, and Lisa made sure Kat saw how much blood was on her bandage.  But Lisa was careful.  She got Kat’s hair combed out, put a fresh bandage on her largest cut, and then pulled her hair back into a pony tail – official hairdo of the Marinette woman.  She almost laughed when Kat pulled on jeans and a sweater.  She had adopted the local woman’s uniform.
Lisa drove, but Kat directed her to Amberg first.  She wanted to see the bar.
There were others standing and staring.  Lisa parked close, and the two of them joined the line of people standing in front of the bar.  There wasn’t much left.  There was the back wall, and portions of the store room and bathrooms, and even some shelves with liquor bottles.  But everything forward to the street, was gone.  A yellow front end loader rested to one side.  Clearly it had done all the work, the big front bucket used to lift and carry and then dump walls, roof, and ceiling tiles.  Everything that had been the front end of the bar was now a pile of rubble dumped on the vacant lot to the north.  Amberg.  Lots of vacant places to dump old buildings.
The pool table was gone.  Kat wondered how even that huge front end loader had managed to move it.  And of course the car had been hauled away to wherever the Sheriff put cars in such cases.  The concrete floor was bare, but still littered with dirt and tires tracks and a dusting of snow.  Kat knew exactly where Kayli’s body had been.  She was pleased that any blood was hidden by the snow.
There was yellow police tape running from the restaurant next door, to a bent bar stool that had been placed where the corner of the building had once stood, then back to some pipes left from one rest room.  She thought the ladies.  Lots of open space.  One strand of tape.  One back wall that might be sturdy enough to stand.  Not much left of a bar that had stood for a century.
Kat saw some motion to her left.  Lois and Marie.  The ladies who owned the restaurant and catered for Kat’s guests on weekends.  They were both pushing sixty.  That morning they looked older.
“Our place may go next.”  Both women hugged Kat, nodded to Lisa, and then stood with them looking at the mess.  Kat saw that the police tape didn’t just start at the edge of the restaurant, it went across the entire front.
“Damage?”
“Our walls adjoined.  When the roof came down, it pushed the bar wall against our wall.  It bent inward and smashed all the interior surfaces.  Our insurance guy is sending up a contractor to tell us if the building can be saved.”
“Maybe just a new wall?”  Kat offered.
“Doesn’t matter.”  Lois, the older of the two sisters, turned so she could face Kat directly.  She wanted eye contact.  “The town has been dying for half a century.  If the bar closes, we might as well close our restaurant.  No one will come down here.  There’s no reason to.  Amberg will finally be dead.”
Kat struggled for something reassuring to say, but she thought Lois was probably right.  Of the three businesses that remained in town, the one that got the most business was the bar.  People came to the bar – the social center of the town, and maybe they got a burger after a couple beers.  Maybe they stopped at the party store to get a six pack on the way home.  Without the bar, there really wasn’t much reason to drive into town.  Lois’ restaurant was barely making it now.  She would close.  Ed’s party store would follow.
“Maybe Jim will rebuild.”  Kat knew how weak the word “maybe” was.  Jim’s dad, the real owner of the bar, was handicapped from a recent heart attack.  He had been selling off his other businesses.  It made sense for him to close the bar.  Besides, Jim had his teaching job.  They might both want to free themselves of the place.  
“We can only hope.”
Kat found herself hugging Lois.  Lois hugged back – hard.  And it hurt.  One of Lois’ hands was right over a huge bruise on Kat’s back.  But Kat stood and held her.  
Marie changed the conversation.  “No one claimed the girl.  That don’t seem right.”
“No, it doesn’t.”  
Kat gave Marie a quick hug and then got back into Lisa’s car.  As Lisa slowly turned toward the highway, Kat saw a town that already looked dead.  A pile of rubble, a concrete pad, a restaurant taped shut, a small party store, an empty lot, an abandoned post office.  Lois was right.  Amberg was gone.



Chapter 6
Back Roads

Lisa lived about twenty miles north in Niagara.  The town was on the Wisconsin side of the Menominee River.  On the Michigan side were forests and hills.  On the Wisconsin side, the town of five or six hundred followed Highway 141.  A series of tree lined streets filled with older houses branched off to the left of the highway.  The main feature of the town, and its initial reason for existence, was a large paper mill along the river.  Abandoned decades earlier, it also served as the cornerstone for the town business district, which also had been largely abandoned.
“Why here?”  Kat looked out at the river as Lisa drove through town.  The river was about a hundred yards wide and had enough current to prevent more than minor freezing along the shore.
“Cheap rent.”
“Wisconsin is full of places with cheap rent.”
“Just across the river is Iron Mountain.  There are jobs there.  I used to work a couple places.  Besides, when all my old friends would brag about how they had moved out of the UP, I could say I did too.  I lived in Wisconsin.”
“I grew up in Madison.  Most of my old friends brag about moving out to the coast.”
“Your old friends are more ambitious than mine.”
Lisa took a side street about in the middle of town.  Old homes.  A bit bigger than average.  Maybe homes for the mill foremen, back when there had been mill foremen.  She parked on the street and they climbed the walk to the front door.  One door, three doorbells.  The house had been broken into apartments.  Lisa unlocked the front door, then led the way up the stairs to another locked door - her apartment.
Whoever had repurposed the house had made the usual choices.  There had been two bedrooms and a small bathroom upstairs.  The small bathroom and one of the bedrooms were unchanged.  The second bedroom had become a combination kitchenette and sitting area.  Lisa gave a quick tour.  Kat worked hard trying to think of something nice to say.  She found a window with a view of the river and commented on that, and complimented one of the pictures on the wall of the “living room.”  Lisa wasn’t having it.
“Kat, I’m not blind.  I can see the place is horrid.  Beige walls, industrial carpet, dark stained woodwork with a century’s dirt and scratches, kitchen cabinets that must have been recycled from a trailer park.  The place sucks.  But it was close to work, and cheap.  Let’s just pack up a few of my things and get out of here.”
She led the way into her bedroom, and into a very different atmosphere.  Two large windows faced south.  Newer draperies were on each.  Good quality.  Yellow.  Sunshine yellow.  The spread on her bed matched, as did the covers on her pillows.  Large, watercolor landscapes graced two walls.  They appeared to be originals.  The closet doors at one end of the room had been painted with white enamel.  The bed and dresser matched.  The room was bright, fresh, and inviting.
“I take it this is where you spend your time.”
“The living room and kitchenette were so bad, I didn’t think I would ever have the energy and time to make them right.  This room I could fix.  I needed one place in the world where I could go and feel good.  This was it.”
The two women were standing just inside the door, looking across the bed at the windows.
“You did a good job with it, Lisa.”  Kat put an arm around her waist and pulled her close.
“There was a time…”  Lisa paused, then pointed toward the windows.  “Those windows face south.  There was a time I needed that.  I needed sun, and yellow curtains.  Cost me over fifty dollars, but worth ten times that.”
“The room has a good feel.”  They stood together.  Silent.  Lisa slowly turned more toward Kat, an arm now around Kat’s shoulders.  Her face close.
“Do you want…”  The invitation was obvious.
“This is your place, Lisa.  A place for you.”
“I bring men up here.”  She lowered her eyes at that point, talking to Kat’s chin.  “They like it.  Or say they do.”
“You’re an attractive woman.”
Lisa continued as if Kat had not spoken.  “Sometimes they leave early in the morning.  Sometimes they stay a day or two.  One guy stayed four days and even repainted my bathroom.  Before he went back to his wife.”
Kat pulled Lisa tight against her, and said nothing.  Lisa had more to say.
“When we were in junior high, and just starting to think about boys, a ninth grade girl told us, ‘You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.’  We thought that was clever and repeated it to each other a million times.  Now I think we have all gotten used to frogs.  I know I have.  And they’re okay.”
Kat held Lisa, and kissed the top of her head.  She waited to see if Lisa had said all she wanted to say.
“I don’t know what men say.”  Kat finally spoke to the top of Lisa’s head.  “But I suspect they have all kissed princesses without ever knowing it.”  She gave Lisa a hug, or at least as much of a hug as her back bruises would allow.  “Now.  Should we get you packed up?”
Lisa went back into her kitchen and found two garbage bags.  She filled one with underwear and the other with sweaters and pants.  She had three dresses hanging in her closet, one with the price tag still on it.  Kat carried them.  As they gathered everything up to leave, Kat did a quick look around.  There wasn’t much left in the bedroom.  She understood what that implied.  She also noticed that while Lisa cleared virtually every drawer in her dresser, there was one drawer she did not open.  It was the one drawer equipped with a lock.
“Can I ask you to take the long way back to the lodge?”
They had everything down the stairs and into Lisa’s car.  The garbage bags went into the trunk, the dresses across the back seat.
“Sure.  Which way do you want to go?”
“Let’s do Z out of Beecher.”  Beecher was about halfway between Amberg and Niagara.  County Z went east to the Menominee River and across into Michigan.
“You want to search for the girl.”
“Yes.”
“It’s too far from town.”
“Everything is.  But think about it.  It’s six o’clock on a January evening.  Everything between Niagara and Wausaukee is closed.  Yes, there is a restaurant in Beecher, but it closes after lunch.  So the girl somehow gets onto 141.  And drives.  And drives.  No lights.  No open businesses.  She is barefoot and freezing.  She sees a sign for Amberg.  Street lights.  Cars parked.  She drives toward the lights.”
“Kat, you just created a search area twenty miles north to south, and God only knows how many miles east to west.”
“I’ll pay for your gas.”
“All we’re going to see is back roads and trees.”
“One of those back roads has someone who doesn’t want to be found.”
“If you find them, they aren’t going to smile and invite you in for coffee.”
“If we find them.”
Lisa chose not to argue any more.  She drove south down 141, then took the turn onto Z.  From a two lane road with some traffic, to a two lane road with no traffic.  She slowed her speed to forty.  Lots of trees.  One small farm.  A few gravel roads into the woods, now buried under a foot or more of snow.  Finally a town road that had been plowed.  She slowed more and looked to Kat.
“Yes, Please.”  Kat pointed up the town road.  Lisa slowed even more, and followed the road.  Two miles of asphalt in need of repair.  Three driveways.  Two not cleared of snow.  One drive that led into the forest, a small cabin just visible around a curve.
“Now what?”  Lisa stopped the car.  “We drive up and ask them if they are missing a young girl?  Or a young boy?”
“We don’t need to.”  Kat pointed up into the trees.  “We look for wires.”  A post stood by the edge of the road, and a wire extended from there through the trees to the cabin.
“What if they used the car for a more remote part of their land?”
“Then my plan doesn’t work.”  Kat pointed toward the cabin.  “You said it yourself.  Twenty miles north to south, figure forty miles east to west.  Eight hundred square miles.  If we stop at every cabin in the woods…”
“I’ll keep driving, Kat.  But I think you need a better plan.”
Lisa backed around and returned them to Z.  They drove up seven more town roads and parked outside eighteen cabins.  All had electricity.  They stayed on Z across the Menominee River into Michigan and did three more town roads and nine more cabins.  Lisa lost all patience after an hour in Michigan.  Kat had her turn around and drive back to the lodge.  She agreed with Lisa.  She needed a better plan.



Chapter 7
Changing Plans

Jim was waiting for them when they got back to the lodge.  He had let himself in and was sitting in front of the fireplace.  Lisa had seen his truck in the driveway and decided to leave her clothes in her trunk.  She followed Kat into the lodge, but stood just inside the door, not sure what to do.  Kat faced Lisa, her fingers reaching into Lisa’s hair.
“Why don’t you bring your things in while I talk with Jim.”
“Where should I put them?”
“There’s room in my closet.”
“Jim?”  Lisa’s expression was part question, part plea, part misery.  Kat gave her a quick kiss.
“He and I will talk.”  Quick smile, and Kat stepped out of her boots, hung her coat, and went to Jim.
“Lisa?”  Jim stood as Kat approached.  He studied Kat, but also looked past her to Lisa who stood motionless for a moment, then went back outside.
“She arrived right after you left, and has been helping me.”
“How are you doing?”  He held his arms out, then wrapped them around Kat.  He touched her very gently, but his arms pulled her to him.  He leaned forward for a kiss.  She kissed him, but left her arms at her side.
“It hurts me to raise my arms, and my back hurts, but I haven’t run out of Tylenol yet.”
They spent the next several minutes standing face to face, examining each other.  Each had a set of questions they weren’t ready yet to voice.  Her?  Where have you been?  I was injured in your bar, and while you were with me the first night, you just left me.  Him?  What has been going on with Lisa?  Why did you kiss her?  Why is she carrying bags into your bedroom?  
It was Kat who finally said something out loud.
“Mind if we sit by the fire?  My back hurts if I stand too long.”
“Of course.”  Jim was suddenly solicitous.  He put an arm around Kat’s waist and led her to the couch.  He seated her, asked if he could get her an extra cushion, then sat close.
“I saw the bar today.  Not much left.”  Kat leaned into him when he put an arm around her shoulders, but also said, “Not too tight.”
“Insurance is sending up a second adjustor, but they say it is a total loss.  There’s some question about how much a century old building in an empty town is worth, and they claim the building was structurally defective before the accident, but after enough noises and complaints, they will sign over a check.”
“Will you rebuild?”  Kat was watching the fire, but she turned to look at Jim as she asked the question.
“I can’t imagine why.  Dad is selling off other businesses.  Why would he keep this one?  I don’t want to bartend every weekend for the rest of my life.  The place barely turns a profit.  You only bartend as a favor to me, and Lisa, well, she’s like all the others I’ve had.  Some days she works, some days she doesn’t.”
“Most days she works.”
“Yes, most days.  But I am never sure which days.”
There was a tone in both their voices that indicated building stress.  Both noticed.  Both stopped.  They stared into the fire.  Jim ran his fingers up and down Kat’s shoulder.  He leaned close and kissed her cheek.
“I was in her apartment today.”  Kat ignored his kiss, her face fixed on the fire.
“Oh?”  His fingers stopped moving along her shoulder.
“Have you been there?”
“Kat…”
“It’s a reasonable question.  You and I stopped dating for a while.  You fucked the hell out of your last bartender…”
“Jesus, Kat.”
“Well?  You say you can’t trust her to show up for work, but still, you keep her on.”
“She has a reputation, Kat.  She came to the bar, filled out the application.  Guys who saw her had things to say.  I drove up to talk with her.  Privately.”
“What color are the curtains in her bedroom?”
“Why are you doing this, Kat?”
“Where have you been the last two days?”
“I have been busy.”
“I have been injured.  In your bar.”
“Christ, Kat, you were shot twice in Afghanistan.  How bad…”
“I never held a young girl while a roof came down on us.”  Kat was both shouting, and crying.  She began to twist out of Jim’s arms, but it hurt her back.
“I’m sorry.  I’ll cover this.  We’ll pay workman’s comp.”
“You are such an incredible asshole.”  Kat screamed in pain as she twisted and rose.  But she wanted herself up, and Jim out.  The third time she twisted she managed to make it to her feet.  Her back was agony, but she stood and faced him.
“Kat, I’m sorry.”  Jim stood, and raised a hand toward her shoulder.  Kat knocked it away.
“If you’ve forgotten, her curtains are yellow.  The windows face south.  Toward the sun.”
“Her bedspread matches her curtains.  And I didn’t do anything she didn’t want me to do.”  He hurried to the door, Kat right behind him.  He pulled his coat from the coat tree by the door.  His boots took more time.
“She won’t be there for a while.”
“She will surprise the hell out of you.  Just wait.”  He got his feet into his boots, and chose to hurry out without lacing them.
“I’d rather be surprised than disappointed.  Yet again.”  Kat stood in the open door as Jim rushed to his truck.  He stepped on one of his laces and stumbled, catching himself against the truck’s fender.
“Be careful, Kat.”  He leaned back against his truck, and his face changed.  He struggled with his laces, but his eyes were on Kat.  “Be careful,” he repeated.  There was concern in his voice.
Kat stood on her front porch watching him.  And hearing the change in his voice.  She wasn’t done shouting at him, but she stopped herself.  He laced one boot, then the other, leaning against his fender, and watching Kat.  The air was cold.  And silent.
“Where do your students buy their drugs?”
“What?”
“Marijuana.  Who grows it around here?  Who sells it?”
“Kat, I smoked some when I was in Madison.  I never smoked up here.”  He had finished lacing his boots.  He stood leaning back on his truck, staring at her.
“Your students smoke.  At least some.  Where do they get it?”
“I don’t know.”
“Where do they smoke it?”
“Home, I would guess.  In their cars.  I hear kids laugh about Dave’s Falls.”
“Thanks.”
They stood staring at each other across the width of Kat’s driveway.
“Kat, I’m sorry I wasn’t here for you.  No excuses.  I’m sorry.”
“If you don’t rebuild your bar, the town dies.”  Kat didn’t shout, or accuse.  She just stated a fact.  Her words out into the January cold.
“Amberg died half a century ago.  No one noticed.”  His words also stating a fact.  He let the words hang in the icy air, then got into his truck and drove away.
Lisa was standing at the bedroom door when Kat came back inside.
“He’s right.”  She was standing straight, her hands at her sides.  Fingers curled, almost like fists.  Her eyes were wide, staring directly at Kat.  “I have a reputation.”
“I don’t care.”
“You should.”  Kat walked straight to her, pausing long enough to put bother her hands on Lisa’s shoulders.
“If you have something you want to say to me, say it.  But I really need a Tylenol.”  She held Lisa a moment, then walked past her, moving quickly to the bathroom.
“I’ll buy you more tomorrow.”
“Thank you.”  Kat opened the bottle.  Six left.  She took two with a glass of water.
Lisa took her hand and walked her back into the bedroom.
“You need a massage.”  She lifted Kat’s sweater and pulled it up over her head.  She took her jeans next.  Kat lay face down on her bed. Lisa undressed and straddled Kat, her fingers lightly rubbing the back of Kat’s neck.
“We’ll wait a few minutes for the Tylenol to kick in.”  She kept her fingers on Kat’s neck, making slow circles on each side of her spine.  “He’s not an ass hole, by the way.  I needed a job.  He gave me a job.  No one else would give me a job.”
“You fucked him for a job.”
“I fucked him because I wanted to.  I have fucked forty men.  Maybe fifty.  He was good about it.  We fucked, we talked, he took me to dinner.  We went back to my apartment and fucked again.  He’s been good to me.  He puts up with my bullshit when no one else will.”
“Your bullshit?”
“I have days.  And I don’t mean my period.  I mean days.  Bad days.”  
Her fingers were now pressing deeper, and sliding down to the base of Kat’s neck, right where it joined her shoulders.  Kat had big shoulders for a woman.  College ball and army rucksacks.  Lisa felt along the muscles, just touching at first as she felt their outlines, then pushing each muscle forward and slightly down.  Pressure.  Then bringing them back up before pushing them down again.  She worked in pairs – left and right.  The same muscle in the same group with the same movement and same pressure.  The Tylenol kicked in, and Kat felt her shoulders drop.
“I asked him about drugs.”
“I heard.”
“You said we needed a new plan.  We couldn’t just keep driving all over the county.”
“Two counties.  You crossed the river.”
“Fair enough.  I thought maybe some kids would tell us where to look.”
“Why would they do that?”
“I don’t know, but I thought we would ask.”
“Dave’s Falls?”
“He said they laugh about it.”
“When?”
“After dinner?”
There was a long pause as Lisa continued to work on Kat’s shoulders.
“Let me finish the massage.  Then you rest while I make dinner.  When we go, you let me do the talking.  When we get back… Well, we’ll talk about that then.”
Kat mumbled “Okay.”  She was barely awake.  



Chapter 8
Finding Dope

High school kids find places to hang out.  Granted limited initial independence, they borrow a car to meet and “study,” and of course go gather with peers.  Northern Marinette County had endless empty places where kids could gather, but Dave’s Falls had the advantage of being right on 141 (Main Street for Marinette County).  Also, being a county park, it had a plowed parking lot that went unused after dark (and most days).
Kat and Lisa had a leisurely dinner, killing time until about nine, then drove through Amberg to the park.  Apparently it was the right time to arrive.  There were already eight to ten cars gathered, and despite a temperature dropping to near zero, many of the kids were standing in the cold, clustered around one car.  Kat and Lisa joined them, although it might be better to say they stood in the general vicinity of the group.  A woman in her thirties, and a woman in her forties do not “join” a group of high school kids.
Initially there was a fair amount of staring, and some shuffling as beer cans and joints moved out of sight.  So far, no hostility, but no welcome either.  One of the boys finally broke the silence.
“Help you ladies?”
“My dealer moved away.”  Lisa took a step closer, her voice low.  “I’m looking to buy some weed.”
“Narc.”  At least three boys said it.  All standing near the back of the crowd.
“All I want is the name of a dealer.”
“Narc.”  Now two of the girls joined in.  
“Yes.  I’m a narc.”  Kat stepped right up to the group.  She was taller than most of them.  And she stood close.  “Army.  MP.  Twenty years.  If you were on any base of mine, I would haul you all in.  Some of you would lose rank, and some would go out with dishonorables.”  She let that sink in.  “But I retired four years ago.  Now I run a local business.  And I have glaucoma.  If I lived in Colorado, I’d buy weed from a store on main street.  But I live in Wisconsin.  So I need to find a dealer.  Now.  Are you going to help me, or not?”
The response was silence.  She stared at them, they looked at her or studied the snow at their feet.  Finally a car door opened and an older boy got out.
“Hi Lisa, Kat.”  He knew them from the bar.  One of Chuck White’s loggers.  He walked close and hugged each of them.  “Bitch about the bar the other night.”  In the background, Kat heard a couple boys whisper “Lisa.”  She ignored them.
“Jake.  Were you one of the guys who pulled me out?”  
“I grabbed one boot, Mittens grabbed the other.”
“Thanks.  You saved my ass.”
“You were pretty brave going after that girl.  But it was time to go.  You could hear the rafters growling as they bent and then snapped.”
“I saw the bar this morning.  Not much left.”
“Yes, we’ll be drinking in the park for a while.”  He held up a beer can.  That got some laughs from the kids.
“Did you hear what I asked these guys?”
“Sure.  No one will give you a name.  They like to pretend it’s a big secret.  But if you drive up Black Sam Road, you’ll find the place easily enough.  If you go around four, you’ll find half the high school jammed up in the driveway.”  That got some chuckles.
“Thanks, Jake.”  Kat hugged him, and whispered in his ear.  “You’re a brave man.  You probably saved my life.”  She kissed him on the cheek, then turned and walked away.
There were noises as they walked away, some comments about Jake, and a few more whispers about Lisa.
“Well, do we drive up there tonight?”  The women got back in the car and rolled out of the parking lot.
“No.  I want daylight.  I want to see where a really old car might have been parked.”
“I assume you want to go before the high school kids arrive.”
“Let’s get there around lunch time.  Best light of the day.”
Ten minutes later they were back in the lodge.  They stood for a moment, thinking maybe a glass of wine by the fireplace, then chose the bedroom.  Lisa helped Kat with her sweater again, and pulled a long satin night gown over her head.  Kat slid into bed, and waited for Lisa.
Lisa disappeared for a few minutes, then came back wearing a tiny white nightgown, and holding the belt from a bath robe in her hands.  She sat on the edge of the bed, her back to Kat, and wrapped the belt around one of her wrists.
“Kat?”  She had her wrists behind her, close to Kat.
“What?”
“You know what.  Do it please.”
Kat took the belt, and held it.  
“Tie it, Kat.  Then hold me so tight I can’t move.” 
“You do this with men?”
“Yes.”
“They could hurt you.”
“Sometimes they do.  Mostly they don’t.  Men may be frogs, but not all are evil frogs.”
Kat slid her hand up Lisa’s arm.  She reached her shoulder and pulled her down on the bed, her face close.  
“Not what I need, Kat.  Put your weight on me.  Wrap your arms around me.  You own me now.”
Kat held her position.  She kissed Lisa and ran a hand through her hair.  Lisa kept her hands behind her back, and pressed herself against Kat.
“Jim took me like this.  He damn near fucked my brains out.  He nearly crushed me.  He tied me in my bed for two days.”  Lisa rolled onto her back, her hands beneath her.  Kat lay still, one hand still stroking Lisa’s hair.
“Jim didn’t.  He may have fucked you.  But he didn’t restrain you.  He didn’t force you.  Even if you asked him to.”
“Dammit Kat, hold me.  That’s what I want.”
“You said you have a reputation.  This is why?”
“Yes.  Along with my great looks and winning personality.”
“You do have great looks.”  Kat kissed her, and hovered again above her face.  “And you are a good person.  Now.  I’m going to go to sleep.”  Kat slid one arm under Lisa’s neck and pulled her so they were lying face to face. She kissed Lisa again, played a bit with her hair, then settled her head back and went to sleep.



Chapter 9
The Doper on Black Sam Road

Around dawn, Lisa pressed herself against Kat.
“If you aren’t going to hold me down, at least pull me close.  Keep me warm.”
“I’m right here.  Push yourself tight against me.  Show me what you want.  Take a chance.  Lead.”  Lisa did bring herself closer, and Kat held her.  She felt a twinge in her back, as she pulled Lisa to her.  But she pulled her tight.  
“Kat.  I am completely yours.  I am trying to show you that.  That’s why I want you to bind my wrists and hold me.”
“That is something else completely.  Do you want to tell me about it?”  Kat slowly stroked Lisa’s hair.
“No.  I don’t want to talk about it.  I just want you to do it.”
“I’m not doing it, Lisa.  I will hold you, just as you hold me, but I will not bind you.  Now.  I’m going to take a shower.  Do you want to come in with me?”
“Yes.”
They spent a long time in the shower, and Kat held her tight, but she kissed her gently, and washed her with long, slow strokes.  When they dressed, things seemed to be back to normal.  Except the cow girl look was gone.  Both women wore jeans, both wore sweaters, and both wore their hair back in a ponytail.  Lisa replaced Kat’s bandage, and noted all the cuts seemed much smaller.  It was easy to pull Kat’s hair over the smaller bandage.
The morning went fast enough.  Lisa cleaned the kitchen.  Kat spent the morning in her office, checking emails from customers.  Two more weeks and she would have the first of her four February weekends – cross country skiing, snow shoeing, water color paintings, and ice fishing.  The last was a joke.  They just cut holes in the ice and then spent most of the day standing by a bonfire and drinking hot chocolate until it was time to switch to wine.
Two more weeks for Kat to have the time to find Kayli’s home.  Two more weeks to learn why a terrified young girl had driven a car into the side of a bar.
A place on Black Sam Road might have the answers.  After a quick sandwich, they got into Lisa’s car and drove east. Kat didn’t like the road the minute they turned onto it.  Cedars.  A pleasant looking evergreen, but they grew in clumps.  Clusters.  They loved water and the area east of Amberg seemed to collect it in shallow areas.  Not really a swamp, but you didn’t want to walk through it.  Not that you could.  The cedars were so tight together it was virtually impossible to move in them.  They seemed to take both sides of Black Sam Road, growing right to the edge, and leaning over it.  The sun was up, but the road was dark.  The cedar swamp was darker.
The house of the dopers?  Not hard to find.  The third house on the right.  Had to be.  Barely a break in the cedars, and the narrow drive was blocked by a big pipe swung across the entrance.  A “No Trespassing” sign hung large on the pipe.  But it only took a moment’s glance to see a million cars had been up and down that driveway.  Clearly there were times when this home was very open for business.  
“Now what?”  Lisa parked, her car nosed up against the pipe.
“I go in and say ‘Hi.’  You stay by the car.”  
Kat was out of the car and stepped over the pipe.  The snow of the drive had been crushed down by all the cars.  Kat stepped into the ruts they left in the snow, and walked towards the cabin.
One of the gimmicks of the local property tax code was that unfinished houses were barely taxed at all – they were still “under construction”.  The result was that a few “clever” locals built their houses, but wrapped them in tarpaper.  No vinyl siding, so no finished house.  Kat suspected this cabin wouldn’t be taxed more than a dollar ninety eight even if sided.  It stood on stilts (foundations require cement blocks, mortar, and skill), and had only one window.  A wooden porch extended along the front side, but the boards had never been stained or finished.  It was obvious even at a distance that the gray boards were rotting, warping, and fraying.  Put simply, the cabin was a mess.
Somewhat behind and to the left of the cabin were two sheds.  Both were in better shape than the home.  One was open, and held an old truck.  The other was shuttered, with strong doors held by a large padlock.  Kat had no trouble guessing where the marijuana was stored.
Kat was being watched.  She could see a man behind the window.  At one point she heard him rap on the window and motion for her to go back.  She just kept coming, putting one foot in front of the other as she walked up the ruts in the snow.  Finally he opened the door and came out onto his porch, a shotgun hung at his side.
“Can’t read the sign?”
“I can read, but I didn’t want to wait until four when the high school kids get here.”  
Kat stopped at the base of the porch and looked up at the man.  Had to be in his sixties.  Gray hair down his back, gray beard over his chest.  He looked like he belonged on Duck Dynasty.  Maybe the crazy uncle.  Kat saw motion behind him.  A woman closed the door.  It was January.  No time for open doors.
“Don’t know what you are talking about.”
Kat pointed down at the tire tracks in the snow.  They fanned out in front of the cabin.  Lots of overlap.  It had only been a few days since the last snow.  The man had entertained lots of visitors in that time.
“Busy place.”  She paused.  “But, I don’t care.  You and the kids do what you want.  Me?  I’ve got glaucoma.  I want to buy an ounce.  What do you charge?”
“I don’t sell weed, but I hear the people who do, get two fifty an ounce.”
“Maybe in Chicago.  Not here.”
“Local dealers have high costs.  It has to come all the way from Mexico.”
“It has to come from their backyard.”  Kat took several steps to her left, and looked back behind the cabin.  The dealer walked along his front porch, staying parallel to her.  “They would need a little bit of higher ground, some break from the woods to give the plants plenty of sun, but also some shelter from passing cars, and maybe from people who like to help themselves.  Someplace like that ridge there.”  She pointed.
“Two twenty five.  They might go that low for you, given your medical condition.”
“Well,” Kat looked up at the man, and took a step back.  “You don’t have any weed to sell, and I don’t have two twenty five to throw away.  Have a good day.”
Kat had her back to the man, and started following a rut out to the car.  He had a shotgun.  She felt her back stiffen.  Would he do anything stupid?  Lisa stood by the car.  He had to know she would witness anything he did.  So he wouldn’t, would he?  Kat kept an even pace, one foot in front of the other, each step making his shot harder.  Still she felt her breathing ease when she stepped over the pipe in the driveway.
“Is this the place?”  Lisa got the car turned around as soon as Kat got in.
“Look at the wire.”  Kat pointed up.  It ran along the road and then up the drive.  “The cabin is a living resume for the guy – old, cheap, ugly, rotting – but it has electricity, and he has wires run to both his sheds.  He’s not the guy.”
“Sorry.”
“Thanks for driving me out here.”  
There was nothing left to say.  The cedars seemed to crowd the road more.  It was noon, but Lisa turned her headlights on.  Kat crossed her arms and stared out into the woods.  Maybe it was good this wasn’t the place.  She hated the idea of Kayli living with such people in such a place.  She had been someplace better.  Maybe.  Hopefully.
“Where to now?”
“Let’s get a burger at the Beecher Café.”
“We just had lunch.”
“Yes.”



Chapter 10
The Friendly Farmer

The Beecher Café was five or six miles north of Amberg, just off Highway 141 (like every other business in the county).  It did breakfast and lunch, and closed at two.  It was one thirty.  It appeared they would be the last customers of the day.  Lisa parked right outside the door.  Like most businesses in a cold climate, it didn’t just have a front door.  It had an entryway – front door, three foot enclosed area, second door.  Once through the second door, it was counter and three tables to the left, rest rooms and three more tables to the right.  They took a table on the left.
The waitress appeared to be just out of high school.  She wore a yellow uniform dress, with apron, and was at their table instantly.  All smiles.  Kat and Lisa ordered cheeseburgers – no fries – and diet cokes.  Conversation was easy.  No other customers, no distractions.  The girl was happy to talk.  Snow was coming.  It might bring more snowmobilers up from Green Bay.  That would be good for the café, and for the bar around the corner where the she also worked.  All smiles.  Yes, snow was good.
Midway through the snowmobile conversation – and their cheeseburgers – Kat mentioned that bright sun reflecting off the snow gave her headaches.  It was worse now that she had glaucoma.  Pressure in the eye.  The girl nodded.  Her grandmother had that.  There were drugs of course, Kat mentioned, but nothing seemed to work as well as marijuana.  The girl nodded again.  Her grandmother got hers from Joey Steinke.  Old dairy farm, just south of Pembine.  Just look for the “Steinke and Sons” sign.
And that was that.  They finished their burgers, left a good tip, and were out the door ten minutes before closing time.
The Steinke farm?  Right along the highway.  A century earlier much of the county had been farmed by recent immigrants.  Newly logged land was sold under the slogan “If it grows trees, it will grow corn.”  Farmers fought stumps and the cold and the short growing season.  The Depression of the 1930s bankrupted almost all of them.  The thin soil went back into trees – pine plantations in neat rows, and poplar and birch growth in random clumps.  The farms left along 141 could be counted on one hand.
The Steinke farm was a house, a barn, two sheds, and a large corn field.  A hand painted sign said “Deer Corn” was for sale.  Snow had been plowed off a graveled area between the house and the out buildings.  Lisa parked and the two women stood beside the car and waited.
“Hello.”  A middle-aged woman came out of the house, still buttoning her coat as she approached.
“Hi.”  Lisa and Kat waited until she got closer.  They had agreed Kat would make the usual pitch about glaucoma.
“I’m Evelyn.”  She reached out and shook both their hands.  A strong handshake.  Quick motions.  It was clear she was studying both their faces as she took their hands.
“Kat Johnson and Lisa Wallace.”
“Lisa…”  The woman turned toward her.  “Did you and my son…”
“Yes, briefly.”  Lisa glanced at Kat, then returned the woman’s smile.
“He and his father are working in the barn, if you want to see him.”  Evelyn inclined her head towards the barn.  Lisa hesitated, glanced at Kat again, then nodded.
“Sure.  It would be good to see him again.”  She moved toward the barn, but Kat had never seen her walk so slowly.  Kat understood uncertainty over old boyfriends.
“And you, Kat, what can I do for you?”  
Not an easy question for Kat.  She’d already had enough time to look over the small farm.  Electricity went to every building.  There was no depression in the snow banks where an old car had stood on jacks.  No piece of equipment that might have been powered by a belt.  This wasn’t the place Kayli had come from.  And Evelyn was certainly not a woman who would have let Kayli drive off into the night and not make some attempt to go after her.  This wasn’t the place.
“I guess I could use some deer corn.”
Evelyn nodded and led the way to one of the sheds.
“You understand we just call it that.  Corn is corn.  This is the corn we fed our cows, back when we had cows. We sold the herd in August.”  
The door to the shed was a row of boards nailed to a frame.  She pulled it open and used a stick to hold it in place.  One side of the shed was a pile of corn husks.  Just inside the door was a low table.  Several bags of husked corn rested on it.  Evelyn pointed to the bags.
“We were getting five dollars a bag in October.  Hunters like to use it for bait.  I used to think that wasn’t very sporting – giving deer food, just so they will come where you can shoot them.  But deer are thieves.  They go through our fields every night.  So I guess, fewer deer, less crop damage.”
“I have a lodge on Town Corner Lake.  I guess if I put some out near my windows, my guests could watch them eat.”
“I’ve heard about you.  Weekends for women.  Is that working for you?”  Kat sensed the conversation had changed.  Casual back and forth had ended.
“I don’t fill up every weekend, but other than January, I have had pretty good success.  Three years now.  I keep my bills paid.”
“We have talked about using the farm as a BnB.  Do you think that might work?”
“You’re on the highway.  That might help.  It also depends upon how your house is set up.  Bathrooms and such.”
“Yes…”  She was staring back at her house, and obviously thinking about the business possibilities.
“Evelyn…”  Kat drew her attention back.  “We were told by the waitress at the Beecher Café that you also sold another product.”
“My son.”  She seemed flustered.  “Is that what you want?”
“No.  I’m actually looking for something completely different.”  Kat paused.  The two women stood examining each other.  “It’s none of my business, but aren’t you worried?”
“Yes.”  Evelyn had her arms wrapped across her chest.  “I hear if they find drugs on your property, they can take it.  The farm’s bust.  They’ll come get the tractor soon.  But we have no debt on the land or the house.  We think we can keep it, if we can find work.  Ed thinks he can find work at a machine shop in Iron Mountain.  Joey grew some dope behind the corn, and he has been selling it to his friends.  But he has to stop.  He knows that.”
“I’ll take two bags now.”  Kat pulled a ten from her wallet and pushed it into Evelyn’s hand.  “I’ll work out a place to feed deer.  If I can attract a few, I’ll come back for more corn.  Or maybe you can come down for a visit, and we can talk about some business ideas.”  
“Thank you.”  Evelyn pushed the money into a pocket, hugged Kat, and then picked up one of the bags.  Kat took the other, and they walked them back to Lisa’s car.  No Lisa.  They put the bags in the backseat, then stood beside the car.
“Do you recall the girl who was killed when she drove her car into the bar in Amberg?”
“Yes.  They say she was just ten or twelve.”
“I was in the bar at the time.”  Kat paused while the woman stared at her.  “No one has come for her.  That seems wrong to me.  So I have been looking.”
“Here?”  Evelyn took a step back from Kat.
“No.  I was trying to think, why would her people not come for her?  My thought was, maybe they were doing something illegal.  But…”  She hurried on.  “It would also be someplace remote.  The car had been fixed with a belt drive.  Like you might use if you didn’t have electricity and needed to make your own power.  Know what I mean?”
“Sure.  Tractors have those to power the various attachments.  Even lawn tractors have them to power a snow blower attachment.”
Kat had to laugh.  “Evelyn, we aren’t just losing our family farms, we are losing a generation of backyard mechanics.”
Evelyn nodded and raised a hand.  “Proud farm girl.”
“You don’t happen to know anyone who fits my description, do you?”
“Someone deep in the woods?”
“Yes.”
“There seem to be more ‘No Trespassing’ signs every year.  Folks off by themselves.  My belief has been, if they want to be left alone, they probably should be.”
“And that young girl?”  Kat waited.
“Yes, that does make you wonder.”  Evelyn paused.  “And worry.”
The conversation changed after that.  They talked about the house.  Evelyn described the landscaping she had done.  The perennials she had planted.  Kat complimented the general condition of the farm.  Recent painting.  Casual conversation as they waited for Lisa.
Eventually Lisa came out of the barn, Joey right behind her.  They were walking close, but Joey backed away some when he saw his mother.  There was a bit of confusion when they got to the car, but Lisa settled that quickly enough.  She gave Joey a quick kiss, and then got into the car.  Kat and Evelyn smiled at each other, then Kat waved, got in the car, and Lisa drove off.  End of visit.
“Plan to tell me about him?”
“One of the good ones.”
“Good.  Let’s go back to the lodge.”



Chapter 11
The Deputy’s Theory

They split a bottle of wine as they sat in front of the fireplace, but they didn’t split the conversation.  Kat repeated everything Evelyn had told her.  Lisa had nothing to say about her conversation in the barn.  Well, almost.  She did note, “It was over a year ago.  Like I said.  Good guy.  That’s probably the end of it.”
Kat put an arm around her shoulders, happy to be holding her, and happy that she could raise her arm that high and not feel pain.  Her recovery was well along.
“I wish the farm had been the place.  They seemed like nice folks.  Kayli might have had a decent life there.”
“Unlike that guy on Black Sam Road.  Hidden away in a cedar swamp?”  Lisa leaned tighter against Kat.  
“It might be like that.”  Kat took a breath.  She stared into the fire.  “I want to find out where she was from, and why she did what she did.  She deserves that at least.  But I am also afraid of what I might find.”
“We might never find anything, Kat.  There are lots of back roads, and lots of forest.”
Kat tried to think of something more hopeful to say, but was struggling.  Then she heard a car in her drive.  She looked around Lisa’s head and saw a squad car at her front door.  
Kekkonen.  Kat walked to the door and waited for him to come in.  She turned, expecting Lisa to join her, but she was still on the couch.  She had shrunk.  Her arms were wrapped around her chest, and her legs were now pulled up tight under her.  Somehow her head was even lower against her body.  Before Kat could think of what to say, she saw Kekkonen motioning for her to come out.  She pulled on a coat and went to him.  He pointed to the passenger door, and she slid in, gathering up a notebook computer and several file folders in the process.
“Why is Lisa afraid of you?”
“She doesn’t need to be.”  Dave was putting some folders on the dash, others in his glove compartment.  Kat noted he was avoiding eye contact.
“Dave…”
“We have a history.”  He now looked at her directly.  And there was a particular emphasis in his words.  
“You have arrested her.”  Kat saw something in his eyes.  Just a guess, but she gathered their history had not been pleasant.
“I have tried to help her several times, but yes, I have also arrested her several times.  Kid stuff.  Just nuisance crimes.  Graffiti, shoplifting.  Kid stuff.  She hung with the wrong bunch.  Moved to Niagara to get clear of them.  They followed.  I got called.”
“And, what else is she afraid you’re telling me while I am out here?”
“Twice I had to take her to Dickinson Memorial.  Psych ward.”
“And…”
“She has privacy rights, Kat.”
“Yes she does, and you are already well over the line there.  So why not finish it?”
“She had been there before.  She didn’t want to go back.  But she had completely lost it.  She needed help.  It took three of us to get her in the ambulance.”
“How long ago was all this?”
“Ten or twelve years.”
“Lately?”
“Noise complaint from a neighbor.  Loud sex.  Otherwise, nothing.”
“So…”  Kat waited.  She thought she knew Dave, but still, she want to make sure she understood.  “I’m hearing bad years during her teens and early twenties.  Mental health issues.  Currently fine.  So, I understand embarrassment.  Who wants to relive such a time?  She guesses she may not look very good in your eyes.  Perfectly reasonable.  But.  The woman sitting by my fire doesn’t look embarrassed.  She looks scared.”
“I had to taze her to get her in the ambulance.”
“Ten years ago.”
“Long memory.”
“Maybe.”  
Dave Kekkonen was the only deputy for the northern half of the county – the empty half.  He lived just east of Amberg.  Kat had been to his home and talked with his wife and kids.  She knew him.  He was smart.  He was honest.  Whenever Kat had needed his help, he had come through for her.  She trusted him.  But something was off.  She decided – at least for the moment – she would let things slide.
“Why are you here, Dave?”
“The girl.  Kayli.  We are getting nowhere.”
“I can’t help much.  Lisa and I have driven back roads.  We even went after a doper.  My theory was no one came for the girl because they were hiding criminal activity.  If you are interested, by the way, all the Wausaukee High kids get their weed from a guy on Black Sam Road.  Third cabin on the right.”
“Ron Klein.  You’ve seen him with drugs?”
“No.  You will have to bust one of the kids leaving his place to get a warrant.  But he is dirty.  And an ass hole.  Look in the shed that has the big lock and the only doors on the place that are set square.  I’ll bet cheeseburgers for a month he grows on the ridge behind his cabin.”
“His wife’s nice.  Grew up here. I’ll bet she will be glad to have him gone.”
“Good.  Now.  What do we do about Kayli?”
“I have a theory.”  He pulled his computer down off his dash, and scrolled through some maps.  When he got to Amberg, he spread his fingers and enlarged the main street area.
“We have been working on where she came from.  I have knocked on fifty doors.  You’ve covered ground.  I even got detectives up from Marinette for two days.  Lots of backroads.  Lots of cabins. Who knows if we will ever find the right one?  What if we work the other end – not the starting point – but the finish line?”
“The bar?”
“Yes.  Look.”  He pointed to the street.  “We assume she can’t drive.  The docs think she was somewhere between eleven and thirteen.  Just a kid.  Can’t drive.  She loses control coming around a corner and takes out the bar.”  The map showed the four buildings that still existed in town.  He put his finger on the bar.  “Except…”
“Except the bar is not on the corner.  The corner is just a big empty lot.  The bar is in the middle of the block.”  Kat traced the street.
“Exactly.  She only gets to the bar by first getting onto main street.  She has turned the corner, and done just fine.  She may be just a kid, but she knows how to steer, and how to brake.  She has gotten the car onto main street, come down to where the bar is, and then…”
“She intentionally drives into the bar?”
“Here I’m not so sure.  Maybe she wants to smash the bar.  Maybe she just wants to stop at the bar, and her bare foot slipped off the brake and onto the gas.  We may never know.  But I am pretty sure her final destination was the bar.  Not the gas station out on the highway, not the party store or restaurant down the block.  She wanted the bar.”
“What you are really telling me is she wanted someone inside the bar.”
“Yes.  What I need you to do is draw me a picture.  Show me who was there, and where they sat.”  He pulled a notepad from his glove compartment, along with a pencil.
“Now?”
“Yes.”
Kat accepted the pad and pencil.  The first part was easy.  She drew four walls, the front door, the long, curved bar, the pool table.  Next came the small table where the Kaminski sisters sat to play cribbage.
“I don’t know their names.  Not their first names.  Everyone just calls them the Kaminski sisters.”
“So they were still there?”
“Yes.  Just about time for them to leave, but they hadn’t yet.  The car came within two feet of them.  They were lucky they weren’t both killed.”
Dave wrote “Kaminski sisters” on the edge of Kat’s drawing.
“Who else was there?”
“Me.”  Kat drew a stick figure behind the bar.  She tried to estimate as best she could her relation to the pool table and the men sitting opposite her.  She drew a row of circles where the bar stools would have been.  And she put an “X” where each of the loggers were seated.
“There were six loggers at the bar.  They had just come in.  I am pretty sure they were all in Chuck White’s crew.”
“Their names?”
“Jake and Mittens.  They were the ones who pulled me out from under the collapsed ceiling. They sat here and here.”  She pointed to two of the circles.  Dave put their names on the drawing.
“And the others?”
“Downs, Karl, and Eddie were in these seats.”
“And?”
“I can’t remember the last guy’s name.  I only work there from time to time.”
“When Lisa can’t work.”
“Yes.”  She stared at Dave.  Why was he being so annoying?  “I can go in now and ask Lisa who the last guy is.  She knows who is in which crew.”
“No. I’ll get it from Chuck White.” 
“So.”  Kat stared at Dave.  She let the silence build.  “Let me see if I understand the new theory.  Kayli was driving to a destination.  The bar.  She wanted to see someone in the bar.  Unlikely to be the Kaminski sisters.  So, it’s one of the loggers.”
“Yes.”
“Dave, she was twelve years old.  How would she even know one of those men?”
“That’s a damn good question, Kat.  How do you plan to ask it?”



Chapter 12
An Evening at Home

Kat came back in to find Lisa sitting on the floor in front of the fire.  Her knees were drawn up to against her chest, her arms were wrapped around her ankles, and her chin rested on her knees.  And she was staring into the fire as if she were hypnotized.  Kat wasn’t sure she had ever seen anyone bundled so tightly.  But it was the staring into the fire that seemed most disturbing.  As she drew closer, she studied Lisa’s eyes.  She didn’t see them blink.
Kat got down on her knees next to Lisa, and wrapped her arms around her shoulders.  She brought one hand up and gently stroked her hair.  Slowly she felt Lisa’s neck relax, and Kat pulled her head onto her shoulder.  She kept stroking Lisa’s hair.
“You may have the world’s softest hair.”  Her cheek was against Lisa’s, and she kissed it.
“He told you, didn’t he.”
“We talked.”  Kat kept stroking Lisa’s hair.  They spoke in whispers.
“And now?”
“He said you had some rough teen years, but now you were better.”
“I’m not right, Kat.  He told you, and you must see it for yourself.”
“I think you’re doing fine.”  Kat continued long, slow strokes.  Time passed.  Kat could feel the heat from the fire on her back.  She also felt the softness of Lisa’s cheek against hers.
“I like being here with you, Kat.”
“I like having you here.”  She kissed Lisa’s cheek.
“Kat, I’d like to be your girlfriend.”
“I’d like that too.”  Kat’s hand never left her hair.  They stayed together like that for several minutes, then Lisa raised her head and looked up at Kat.
“Kat, would you do something for me?”
“Yes?”
“Ask me out on a date.”  Lisa hesitated for a moment, then rushed on.  “I don’t mean you take me to the Hilton and we dance.  I know we can’t do that.  But could we do a date here?  We dress up, we have dinner by candlelight, and then maybe we dance?  I know that all sounds silly, but I am thirty two years old, and I have never been asked out.  Dozens of men have put me on my back, but none have ever asked me out.  Not really.  Not on anything that approaches a real date.”
Kat backed away from Lisa.  She hesitated a moment, then asked.
“Lisa, would you go out with me?  I’d like to have dinner with you.  Then maybe we could dance.”
“Yes.  I would love to go out with you tonight.”
And that’s what they did.  And thirty two year old Lisa suddenly became eighteen or nineteen year old Lisa.  She was off the floor and practically raced to the bedroom to change.  But she didn’t just change clothes.  She took a place at Kat’s dressing table and put real work into her makeup and hair.  She sat there nearly an hour.  She only had three dresses.  When it came time to dress, she picked the shortest one.  The youngest looking.
Kat used the bathroom mirror for her hair and makeup.  And she also put effort into it, but still she was done well before Lisa.  She went with a longer skirt, but satin.  A date dress.  She even put on heels, sitting on the edge of her bed and watching Lisa get ready.  The woman – in some ways still a girl – was so excited.  Had no boy in Iron River or Iron Mountain or any tiny town in between ever asked her out?  None?  No boy with a car and a smile and a few bucks to spend at the local café?  Looking at her now, with her bright smile and bounce in her step, it didn’t seem possible.  It didn’t seem right.
Kat took a place just outside the door to her bedroom, waited until Lisa was ready, then knocked on her door.
“Can I take you to dinner?”
“I would love that.”  
Lisa leapt into her arms.  They kissed, then Kat took her hand and they crossed to the bar in the great room.
“Would you like glass of wine before dinner?”  
“That would be marvelous.”
Kat pulled a bottle of white from the cooler under the bar, unscrewed the top, and poured them each a glass.
“If you will give me just a minute, I will have our dinner ready.”
It actually took nearly fifteen minutes, but Kat was able to microwave some leftovers, get them to the dining room, and get two sets of candles lit while Lisa sipped her wine.  Kat returned to Lisa, took her hand, and seated her in the dining room.
Romantic?  They had eaten together before, but this did feel a little special.  Kat continued to treat Lisa as her date, complementing her dress, and touching her hair.  Always smiling.  Always close.  The occasional kiss.  It did feel like a date.
Music and dancing was easy.  Back to the great room and a very nice sound system.  Kat picked a CD of romantic songs (so it said on the plastic jacket).  They held each other.  Lisa kept her hands high, on Kat’s shoulders, one hand sliding up into her hair.  Kat’s arms were lower, one across Lisa’s back, the other lower.  That hand held their hips tight together.
They kissed, they fondled, they swayed from side to side, slow turns and quiet words.  Lisa’s head lay against Kat’s neck.  They began to breathe in unison.  Their arms tightened around each other.
And then they heard a car in the drive.  A black pickup.  Kat’s first thought was Jim.  But as the truck pulled into the light outside the front door, she saw rust and dirt.  She managed to take two or three steps towards the door before the door flew open and Ron Klein was inside.
“Narcs.  You bitches are narcs.”  He was shouting, but his words didn’t matter.  What mattered was the shotgun in his hands.  Twelve gauge.  Pump action.  Kat’s analysis was easy enough.  Even if loaded with bird shot, he’d kill them both.  Four shells in the tube, a fifth if he had already loaded one in the chamber.  Maybe ten feet of distance between them.  He would kill them.
Left hand on the wooden pump under the barrel, right hand on the trigger.  He held the shotgun across his chest.  He continued shouting.  Something about the high school kids, something about a deputy.  Kat paid no attention.  She watched his hands.  She watched where the gun was pointed.  He was working himself up, justifying what he was about to do.  
She saw the barrel move toward her, and saw his hand slide back the pump.  No round in the chamber.  But there would be in an instant. 
It took her three steps to get to him.  By then the pump was back, and he was already sliding it forward.  She grabbed that hand with her right hand.  Too late to stop him.  The shell was now chambered.  She just pushed up.  He pulled the trigger.  She knew he would.  The gun fired, birdshot blasting the plastered ceiling.  They were both deafened by the noise, and quickly covered with gypsum dust from the falling plaster. 
Her right hand wrapped around his left hand.  He was old.  He managed a quick jerk to chamber another round, but she held the gun almost straight up, squeezing his hand as she did so.  And she started punching.  Both his arms were up, holding the shotgun.  She got in under his arms, punching his ribs.  Her left hand.  Her left fist.  She had used it before.  She braced her feet, squared her shoulders, and locked her hips.  Her fist rose up from her hips, snapped around as it rose, and landed the first two knuckles against one rib after another.  She could feel them break.  She just kept punching. 
Both his arms dropped, both from the pain, and in a vain effort to protect himself.  Kat tightened her grip on the shotgun, and kept punching.  Rib after rib snapped.
She felt motion to her right.  Lisa.  She started to shout a warning, but Lisa ignored her.  Kat saw something silver in her hand, and then heard the shots.  Six.  Center mass.  Recoil moved the revolver slightly, but all six went to the same area – center mass.  
Klein was backing away.  Falling, really.  Back out the door.  Back onto the front porch.  Both women were pushing him out.  Lisa was pushing him with the barrel of her revolver.  And her bullets.  All six bullets hit the center of his chest.  Lisa pulled the trigger three or four more times, hitting empty chambers.  Kat ripped the shotgun from Klein’s hand.  Klein dropped onto his back, half on the porch, half down the stairs, his head landing on the driveway.
The women stood over him for a moment.  His body jerked several times, but it was obvious he wouldn’t be getting up from that driveway.  Kat left him there.  She backed into her lodge, pulling Lisa with her.   They closed the door and looked out into the cold.  Klein stopped moving.
Kat’s ears were ringing from the shotgun blast.  But she could still hear the music in the great room.  Eric Clapton was singing that his wife looked wonderful tonight.  Kat set the shotgun on the floor and turned off the music.
Lisa hadn’t moved from the door.  Her little revolver was still in her hand, still pointed in Klein’s general direction.  Kat stood to one side, one hand sliding down Lisa’s arm, caressing her forearm, but not yet approaching her hand.  
“Thank you, Lisa.”  She kissed Lisa’s cheek.  It wasn’t clear that Lisa noticed.  She continued to stare out the door.  She was also breathing oddly.  Very shallow breaths, then a sharp gasp, then more shallow breaths.
“Lisa, should we go sit down?”  Kat slid her hand farther down Lisa’s arm, closer to the gun, but not yet taking it.  “Would you like that?”  No reaction.  Kat didn’t push it.  She stood by her side, slid a hand up and down Lisa’s arm, and waited.
Time passed.  Kat stayed close.  After a time she found her phone and called 911.  It just took a second, and then she was back beside Lisa.  She stood closer, talking quietly to Lisa, and softly kissing her cheek.
Kekkonen arrived a half hour after the 911 call.  He took Lisa’s gun.  He asked some questions and took some pictures.  The women stood in the entryway.  And waited.  Both women were covered in blood. Six bullets had blasted Klein open, and blood had exploded in all directions.  Dave took several pictures of them, then told Kat the two of them could clean up if they wished.
It didn’t go well.
Lisa started shaking in the shower.  Not shivering.  Shaking.  Like she was on the verge of a seizure.  Kat wrapped her arms around her, stroked her hair, whispered an endless stream of words meant to be soothing.  No impact.  They stood together under the shower head.  Kat pushed the temperature as high as she could stand it.  She held Lisa’s head against her own.  She held her tight.  
The shaking just went on and on.  It occurred to Kat this might be a serious medical situation.  She asked about an ambulance.  Lisa almost went crazy.  It took all Kat’s strength to hold her.  
“No ambulance.”  Lisa was screaming.
“No.”
“No ambulance.”
“No.”
Kat held her, wrestling with her, repeating over and over there would be no ambulance.
“Promise.”
“I promise.  No ambulance.”
They repeated those two lines easily a dozen times.  Finally Lisa stopped demanding a promise, but her shaking continued.  Kat made sure all traces of Klein’s blood was off them, and then got Lisa out of the shower.  She wrapped a towel around her body, and then wrapped another around her hair.  Then she pushed her into bed, pulling the duvet over her.
The shaking continued.  Kat held her tight.  She tried to study Lisa’s face, to see what might be going on, but not only was the room dark, but Lisa had her face buried in her pillow.  Kat wasn’t even sure how she could breathe with her face pressed so tight.  She sat on the side of the bed and held Lisa, hoping she would sleep.  She knew Kekkonen was still out in the entry area, and he would want to talk with her.  Could she leave Lisa?  She moved one of her arms away, fearful it would cause some violent reaction.  Just the opposite happened.  Lisa pulled herself into an even tighter ball.
Kat stood, then quickly pulled on jeans and a sweater.
“Dave, I know you have questions, but can it wait?”
Dave had a camera out, and had taken pictures of the ceiling, the entryway, and multiple pictures of Klein.
“I can see her state.  Can you give me the two minute version?”
Kat did her best.  It still took her several minutes to describe an event that had probably lasted no more than thirty seconds.  She walked through the encounter.  She explained what he did, what she did, and what Lisa did.  The last description was the hardest.  Six bullets.  Point blank.  And there was the look she had seen on Lisa’s face.  No, she didn’t describe that.  And she didn’t say she had counted the shots.  She said Lisa had fired “multiple times.”  The detectives could do the count, and decide for themselves what they wanted to conclude about that.  
An ambulance finally arrived. The attendants made a passing effort at checking for a pulse, but Klein had been dead when he hit the ground, and an hour out on a January night made his condition even more obvious.  Dave took several more pictures, then let the attendants carry Klein off.
Inside, he presented his own version of the attack.  
“One of the Wausaukee High kids warned him.  I was talking to some other kids when your call came through.  You were my next stop.  I’m sorry.”
“He was going to kill us, Dave.”
“Yes, that’s pretty clear.”  He made an effort to meet her eyes.  “I hope you can forgive me, Kat.  I should have put him down before any of this happened.”
“No, Dave.  This one’s on me.  I saw a lazy old man.  I had forgotten they can bite too.”
“I’m not sure how they will handle this one, Kat.  Should be open and shut.  Expect a call in the morning.  They may want you to come to Marinette.  I can’t stop that, but I will tell them what I saw here.”
“Thanks.”
“And…”  Very long pause.  “Do you want me to call someone about Lisa?  You might need some help.”
Kat stiffened.  “If I need help, I’ll ask.”
Dave nodded and quickly left.
Kat slipped into her bed, and held Lisa as tightly as she had ever held another person.



Chapter 13
Marinette Cops

Kat still had her arms around Lisa when she woke.  Lisa’s head was now out of her pillow, but buried against Kat’s neck.  The shaking had stopped.  Mostly.  Kat still didn’t like Lisa’s breathing.  
 The shooting?  She wasn’t sure what to say to Lisa about that.  Or even what to think about it.  A gun.  From somewhere.  Pressed against his chest.  And fired until every chamber was empty.  And then fired several more times.  Combat situation.  Kill or be killed.  Still.  Six times?  Was that something they could talk about?  Ever?  
And what to do now?  That was easier.  Blood.  She couldn’t have Lisa get out of bed only to walk through a lodge splashed with blood.  Kat could deal with that.  A solvable problem.  Kat kissed Lisa’s forehead, then slipped out of bed.  She quietly gathered up some clothing, and dressed in the great room.  
With the benefit of daylight, Kat could get a clear view of her lodge.  The ceiling was bad, but not as bad as it might have been.  Bird shot, not buck shot.  Forty or fifty pellets the size of BBs.  The lead slugs of buckshot would have pounded a hole in her ceiling and damaged the roof beyond.  The birdshot, if clustered, would also have punched a hole in the ceiling.  But they had hit at an angle, and were spread along an arc that had been created when Kat had grabbed the gun and pushed it up.  A few might have gone clear through, but most seemed to be lodged along a crease they had created in the dry wall.  Lots of plaster had come down as dust and small particles.  The floor was a mess, but the ceiling was still whole.  An afternoon on a ladder with a bucket of spackle, and she would have the damage covered.  Mostly.
Plaster she could deal with.  Blood was a bigger challenge.  Klein had taken about three steps into the lodge, still on the flagstones of the entry area.  That’s where they had fought over the gun.  And where Lisa had shot him.  Blood was splattered all over the entry way.  Kat could mop that.  She couldn’t mop the blood that covered her front porch and pooled at the bottom of her stairs.  January.  Deeply cold nights.  Liquids froze and attached themselves to any surface.  Kat stared out her front doors wondering how she would ever get the blood gone.
When faced with an impossible task, do the part that is possible.  Kat stepped to her broom closet and gathered a broom and dustpan.  Plaster dust first.  It took nearly an hour.  It had spread everywhere.  Not only was it all over the floor, but white dust had settled on every surface in the great room.  Broom first, then a damp rag.  She was sure she would still be finding it on surfaces for days, but she got the obvious areas, and she cleared the floor so she would no longer be walking through it and spreading it throughout the lodge.
Progress.  Of a sort.  She had postponed the real problem – the blood.  First, a bucket of warm water.  More rags.  She did the entryway.  She emptied the bucket three times.  Another job that would have to be repeated each day until she was certain she had gotten it all.  But it was clear for the moment.  
Outside?  She stood in the entryway, looked out her door, and wondered how to handle frozen blood.
A squad car arrived while she was standing there.  Kat quickly emptied the last scrub bucket, closed the door to her bedroom, and then rushed back to the door.  The rush hadn’t been necessary.  The men were still getting out of their squad.
She knew these two.  Wisconsin retires its cops at fifty.  These two were close.  Both had bellies hanging over their belts and moved like men who didn’t move very often – nor did they want to.  Desk-bound detectives.  They took their time getting their bulk out of the car, stood, stretched, pulled up their pants, and put a hand on the pistols on their belts.  They wore cheap wool blazers.  Blazers to show off their rank.  They were past the need to wear a uniform.  They were detectives.  Kat knew they were just old, burned out, punching a time clock for the last few months of an indifferent career.  She knew the type.  Truth was, she had been that type as she had filled the last months of her twenty.
The detectives eventually got around to doing the obvious.  One of them opened their trunk and pulled out a camera bag.  He rummaged around in it and found a camera, debated also taking out a flash, discussed it at length with the other detective, and finally left the flash in the trunk.  Major decision completed, he walked to the front of the lodge and started taking pictures.  The lodge, the front porch, the lake, the snow covered lawn.  Eventually he bent close and took the pictures that mattered.
Kat stood inside her door and watched.  And waited.  An optimist might observe that the men were being thorough.  A realist would note the men were being paid by the hour.  There were two steps from the driveway up onto the porch.  Eventually the two men took them, hefting their weight as if they were ascending Everest.  They stood out of the blood, and took more pictures.  Kat noted what they didn’t do.  No close ups, no shots from different angles to adjust for the light.  They stood, pressed the button several times, lowered the camera, and looked at Kat.  She looked back.
“Katherine Johnson,” one of them shouted through the door.  “We would like to interview you.  May we come in?”
Kat was tempted to say “no,” but she opened the door anyway.  They stepped carefully around the blood on the porch, and stepped into her entryway.  They looked at the floor and were immediately upset.
“You cleaned.  This is a crime scene.”
“You might have called and told me not to clean.”  Kat backed from the door.  She stood out of the way while they tried to determine what to do with their camera.
“You were an MP for twenty years.  You know what to do, and what not to do.”
“Deputy Kekkonen took pictures last night.  If you want, you might take pictures of my ceiling.”  She pointed above her.
That satisfied them for several minutes.  One took pictures.  The other stared.
“One shot?”
“Yes.”
“I can recommend a contractor to plaster for you.”
“I have a ladder and spackle.”
That got her a dirty look.  Kat ignored it and moved back into the great room.  These guys weren’t coming into her kitchen, and there would be no coffee.  She waited while they took ceiling pictures, then pointed to a pair of leather chairs near the middle of the room.
Nothing happened fast.  They found a recorder and positioned it on the coffee table between them and Kat.  They settled into their chairs.  They stared at Kat.  Silence.  Interview Techniques 101 said “start with silence.”  It was supposed to intimidate.  Kat had spent two hours mopping up blood.  Sitting in silence seemed a really good alternative.
Eventually they got around to asking the obvious questions.  There were two – what had happened last night, and how did she know the dead guy?
The first question went well enough.  Kat went through the events step by step.  And slowly.  They were pretending to take notes, and she gave them time for that.  They seemed to like her description of punching the guy, but they really liked the description of Lisa sticking a gun in his chest.  One bad guy down.  Who could not like that?
The second question was trickier.  Why had she and Lisa gone to visit a dealer?  If they were regular customers, maybe the shooting was about drugs.  Not good.  Kat knew better than to lie, or to adjust her story.  It might be a story she would have to tell over and over if this went to trial.  Any variation from one version to another would say all the wrong things about her.  People who couldn’t keep a story straight went to jail.  So, she went through it all – the bar, Kayli, the search, the theory.  She was talking to two detectives whose searches stopped at four thirty and rarely extended beyond their own desks.  They thought she was being silly, but they had already talked with Dave Kekkonen, and the stories matched.  They could check that box and begin planning a long lunch.
The recorder got put away and the men now felt free to say what they wanted.  What did they want?  To gloat.
“We talked with the docs this morning.  You gave that piece of shit what was long overdue.  Doc says you busted five ribs.  Not cracked.  Busted.  Two went into his lungs.  Three were buried in his intestines.  If he had lived, he would have been one sick puppy.  You’re a black belt, right?”
“Third degree.  Taekwondo.”
“Nice.  Of course six in the chest punched his ticket.  Where is she, by the way?”
“She is in shock.  She is sleeping in my bedroom.  Please don’t tell me you need to interview her.”  Kat stood, thinking this would be a good time to end things and get these guys out of the lodge.
“No, but we’ll need her gun while we finish our investigation.”  
“Deputy Kekkonen took it last night.”  
Something they should have known.  But didn’t.  Oops.  Not the best way to end their questioning, but it was time for lunch.  Time to go.  They stood, pulled their pants up again, and followed Kat to the door.  They asked if she was sure about not getting a contractor for the ceiling.  She thanked them for the offer as she moved them out of the lodge and around the blood on the porch.  They took forever getting back in the car.  Kat was sure they had marked themselves as “out” for the day to do their investigation.  They still had a couple of hours to kill before driving back to Marinette.  She wondered which bar would be graced with their presence.



Chapter 14
Recovery

Lisa was still in bed, but she was awake and had heard most of the interview.  Kat sat on the edge of the bed, stroked her cheek, and then played with her hair.
“You have very soft hair.”
Lisa looked up at her.  Her face seemed expressionless.  Blank.  But Kat thought she saw just a hint of determination in her eyes.
“What is it you really want to say to me?”  There was a bit of fire in Lisa’s eyes.
“I am less interested in talking to you, and more interested in just being with you.”  Kat continued to stroke her hair.
“Being with the crazy lady?”  Kat noticed that Lisa’s hands were still buried under the duvet.  She wasn’t reaching out.  Kat wondered if the hands she couldn’t see were bunched into fists.
“I don’t think you are crazy.”
“I am.”  Lisa’s mouth tightened and her eyes narrowed.  “And angry.”
“He…”  Lisa didn’t let Kat finish.
“That wasn’t self-defense last night.  That was anger.  At him.  At them.  At men.  At guns for only having six bullets.  If guns held twenty bullets, I would have shot him twenty times.”
Kat made no effort to respond.  She sat, and slowly stroked Lisa’s hair.  She found a spot where she could slide her hand through Lisa’s hair and along her cheek.  She moved her hand along that spot slowly – and repeatedly.
“He’s not the one I bought the gun for.”
Kat continued to stroke Lisa’s hair.  
“I know about sizes.  You live up here, you know guns.  I know the numbers.  22, 32, 38, 44.  Mine is just a 22.  All I could afford.   But it is a real gun, and I liked having it with me.”
Kat kept her palm on Lisa’s cheek.
“You were outside with the cops.  I didn’t hear what you said.  Are they going to take me?”
“No.”
“I killed him.”
“He was in our house with a weapon.  He used it.  We have a right to defend ourselves.”
“I wasn’t defending myself.  I was killing him.”
“Legally, this time, it amounts to the same thing.”
“And you?”  Lisa moved a hand from under the duvet and held it against the hand on her cheek.
“Whenever you want to talk about why you bought your gun, I will be here to listen.  As for last night, I am fine with what you did.”  
Kat leaned down and kissed Lisa’s forehead.  She hoped that hid her face.  And hid her lie.  She had seen Lisa while she had been killing Klein.  She had seen her face.  That was not a face to be “fine” with.  That was a face to terrify.  Klein had been backing away, his gun largely under Kat’s control, his ribs broken.  He must have seen Lisa.  The gun.  And the face.  Surely he knew he was going to die even before she pulled the trigger.  Six times.  Tight against his chest.  While she stared up at him, her face a mask of rage.
“Did they bring my gun back?”
“They need it for the investigation.  They will bring it back when they are done.”
“They know me.  They will keep it.”
Kat stretched out on the bed and pulled Lisa to her.  She stroked her hair, and kissed her repeatedly.  And she wondered if Lisa could feel the level of unease Kat felt. 
“After action,” Kat paused for a second, recalling what “action” really meant.  “After action, some of my troops would just sleep.  Some would stay busy.  A few would find something to drink, even though it was banned.  Drinking just made things worse, by the way.”
“And you?”
“I was a major.  I had troops to lead and forms to fill out.  After action reports.  I stayed busy.” 
“Did it work?”
“Mostly.”  Somewhat.  Partially.  Briefly.  Good enough most of the time.  Good enough until later.  Kat chose not to explain any of that.  “My plan today is to continue cleaning up.”
“What can I do?”
“Lunch would be good.”  Kat made no effort to get out of bed.  She wasn’t sure Lisa would have let her.  The hands that had been under the duvet where now wrapped tightly around Kat.  There was strength in her hold.  And maybe desperation.  Kat held her, stroked her hair, and waited.  It took some time.  Finally Lisa said, “I’ll make lunch,” and she moved apart from Kat.  Kat got out of bed and started her work. 
It turned out to be a good division of labor.  They were both working, but not facing one another.  Both in the lodge, but at opposite ends.  
Kat filled a bucket with the hottest water she could get from the tap, and used a broom from the garage to brush the frozen blood from the porch.  It took forever.  The water froze almost on contact.  She would wet one area of blood, and then brush as fast as she could before she had a pink sheet of ice.  Every area had to be doused several times, and all the slush she made had to be brushed off the porch and into snow banks.  It was a race.  Sometimes she won, sometimes she lost.  Her shoulders hurt, and several times she almost fell on the ice.  
It took hours.  Lunch wasn’t going to happen.  She poured, she brushed, she slowly cleared her porch.  Gradually, she got the last traces of that man away from her lodge.
While she sweated over her broom, she also achieved some accommodation, not with Lisa, but with her feelings about Lisa.  Her fears about Lisa.  The woman had a past.  She had known that.  The woman had moments where she was unstable.  Lisa had told her that.  Kekkonen had told her that.  Jim had told her that.  What Kat had seen the night before should have been no surprise.  She had been warned.  She had been told.  And, it had happened.  Now?  Now she either helped the woman, and accepted the woman, or she rejected her.  A woman who could hold a gun to another’s chest and fire bullet after bullet.  That woman.  That scared, angry, needy woman.
Kat put away the bucket and the broom and went back inside.
Lisa had changed.  She was wearing a dress.  A red print with flared skirt.  Kat remembered it was the one still bearing a price tag.  A dress bought for an occasion that apparently had never occurred.  And she had worked on her hair and made up her face.  But that wasn’t the real change.  The real change was the way she stood.  The way she looked at Kat.  Thirty two or thirty three, she looked like she was sixteen.  Maybe thirteen.  Tentative.  Unsure.  She stood balanced on the balls of her feet, one foot slightly behind the other, like she might turn and run.  Her expression hopeful.  Her attention centered on Kat, her face following Kat’s every move.  She was a teen again, hoping for love, or at least some attention.  Maybe just a friendly face.
Kat walked right to her and hugged her.
“You look beautiful, Lisa.”
“Thank you.”  It was heartbreaking to see how much relief was reflected in Lisa’s face.  “I made lunch, but it is so late now, should I just make dinner?”
“No.  I haven’t been to the Hilton in a while.  I would like to take you there.”
“But we can’t…”
“We can’t dance, and we probably should not hold hands, but there is no reason two women can’t have dinner together.”
And that’s what they did.  Kat changed into a dress.  Lisa helped with her hair, and the two went out to dinner.
Before they left, Kat pulled out the two-page Amberg phone directory, got Chuck White’s number, and had a short conversation with him.
Dinner at the Hilton went well.  Week night in January.  They nearly had the dining room to themselves.  The only other couple there seemed to be having a silent argument.  Kat ordered wine, they had walleye salads – the house specialty – and on several occasions they held hands.  No nasty looks from across the room, and frequent smiles from their server, a young girl probably still in high school.  
Lisa?  Nervous.  Eyes everywhere.  Her first time in the Hilton.  But the nerves weren’t from the hotel, or the couple across the room.  Her eyes might scan the room, or stare out the windows, or watch the candles flicker, but at some point they always darted back to Kat.  Her hands were never still, and her back might slide into a more comfortable attitude, but then it would jerk up straight.  She wanted – needed – something from Kat.
Kat talked quietly to her, held her hand, smiled, reached across and touched her shoulder.  Had they been alone, Kat might have held her, and stroked her hair.  It occurred to her that the lodge might have been a better choice for dinner.  But at the Hilton?  She talked quietly, about nothing really, she leaned toward Lisa, she kept a hand where Lisa could hold it, she smiled.  The food was good, the wine was good, time passed.  And slowly, Kat saw Lisa’s shoulders slide lower.  Her hands stopped moving.  There was some measure of calm.  Whatever Lisa needed from Kat, it seemed she had at least some measure of it.
“Lisa, I love your smile.”  They were holding hands and finishing the last of their wine.
“Kat,” Lisa leaned closer, her voice nearly a whisper.  “I will try, Kat.”  She held Kat’s hand even tighter.  “I will try.”  She quickly glanced around the room.  “This was so nice.  I loved this.  I will try not to mess this up.”
“I know that.  I need you Lisa.  Together, we are going to find Kayli’s home.”  Lisa’s face changed yet again.  And again Kat was aware this was a complex woman.  But still a woman she wanted to be with.
They left the dining room holding hands.  Kat left a good tip, and they were back in the lodge in plenty of time to dance to every song on the CD.  Most of the time Lisa’s head was on Kat’s shoulder, and Kat’s hand slowly stroked her hair.  Their breathing was slow, their movements in unison, their words were whispers.  It felt a bit as if Lisa had melted against Kat.  She was warm, she was soft, and she smiled when Kat walked her to their bedroom.




Chapter 15
Lunch with Loggers

Morning involved lots of snuggling under the covers, and a long shower with a fair amount of wrestling under the showerhead.  The women combing each other’s hair.  There was progress for Kat - no need for a bandage buried in her hair.
Had Lisa recovered from the shooting?  No.  Too much had happened.  Too little time had passed.  But when she looked at Kat now, her eyes didn’t dart to Kat and then away, afraid of what she might see.  She looked at Kat, touched Kat, stood with Kat, and knew she was accepted, maybe even loved.  When she finished with Kat’s hair, she stayed behind Kat, her thighs pressed against Kat’s back, her fingers deep in Kat’s hair, her lips lowered to kiss the top of Kat’s head.
“Kat, I love you.”
“Lisa…”  Kat turned.  She wrapped her arms around Lisa’s waist and ass, her face pressed against her breasts.
“It’s okay.  I know you will be back with Jim soon.  You are angry with him now, but you won’t stay angry.  You never do.  But I want you to know I love you.”
“You’re my friend, Lisa.”
“I always will be.”
They held each other for a long time, then finished dressing.  The moment passed.  Statement made.  Relationship established.  Again.
They had an agenda for the day, and they began their work on it.  The plan was simple enough - feed White’s loggers, look around at any cabins in the general vicinity, talk to the men and see where conversations might go.  If one of the six men in the bar had been the reason for Kayli’s arrival, something might help Kat and Lisa pick out that man.
Lisa made a quick run to town.  Hamburger buns.  Potato chips.  Lemonade mix.  Kat worked the kitchen, first browning several pounds of ground beef, then heating up the sauce for sloppy Joes.  Simple food.  Hot, easy to manage in what was basically a picnic setting.
They used Kat’s minibus to get where White was logging.  Higher clearance if they were off some old logging road.  The crew was cutting west of Goodman out Highway 8, and then north on H.  Finding them was easy.  They were clear cutting a huge area just off the county highway.  
Kat parked her bus and checked out the site.  Rolling hills, second growth timber, mostly soft woods, a mixture of pine, poplars, some birch.  Most logging was done on forty acre sites.  Some guy’s grandfather had bought the land back when a forty went for ten grand.  Every twenty years they sold the stumpage to get a few extra dollars, and to clear the land for easier hunting.  Generations passed.
This site had to go a hundred and sixty acres easy.  Rich grandfather, or some trust fund.  Corporations were buying land.  They had the patience for investments that only matured decades later.  
Kat now understood why Chuck had expanded his crew.  He also had some additional equipment.  There was the usual flatbed truck parked out amongst the stumps, being loaded by a second truck equipped with an hydraulic claw at the back.  Trees cut into hundred inch “sticks” had been stacked in several piles.  The claw would gather up the piles, place them crosswise on the flatbed, and then move on to the next pile.  Standard operation.  But Chuck had rented, or bought, a second loader and a second flatbed.  They were up another road.  Chuck and one of his guys ran the loaders.  Scattered around were five guys with chainsaws, dropping trees, trimming branches, and cutting the trunks to length.  It was also their job to drag or carry the “sticks” they cut into neat, even piles the loader could get onto a flatbed.  Not a job for the old or weak.
Where to set up for lunch?  There were two fires on the hillside.  Branches were burned, both to get them out of the way, and to generate some warmth.  January at the northern edge of Wisconsin.  It might hit fifteen degrees during the day.  It might not.  Today it was pushing twelve.  Kat saw Chuck wave from his loader and point to the fire nearest to him.  
Getting there would take some effort.  Kat took her bus down the shoulder of the highway and onto a logging road that had been cut – and left largely unworked – years earlier.  Chuck’s heavy trucks had followed the road and crushed the snow that had accumulated.  So there was a path, but it was narrow.  Stumps were left standing on each side of the trail, along with smaller trees.  Come spring, it was the smaller trees that would seed the space Chuck was clearing.  Now it was the smaller trees that scraped the side of Kat’s bus and would make it a real challenge for her when the time came for her to back her bus to the county road.
She got close.  Maybe fifty feet.  She opened the bus door and stepped out into three feet of snow.  She almost tripped and landed on her face.  First thought – they would all have had a good laugh.  Second thought – how do guys work in this?
Kat carried a two gallon crockpot with the meat.  Lisa brought a cardboard box with everything else.  Getting to the fire involved pushing through snow that rose above their knees, while also tripping over branches and rocks and anything else hidden in the snow.  Both women were sweating and breathing hard by the time they got to the fire.
“Thanks for doing this, Kat.”  Chuck White was the first guy to the fire.  Mid-forties, big across the chest, also big around the middle, he and every other guy was dressed in layers, all the layers patched and torn after getting caught up in branches or in thorn bushes.  He pulled on a knit cap on as he walked to the fire.
“These guys saved me from getting trapped under the roof at the bar.”  Kat stood for a moment, then found a stump where she could place her food.  Lisa set her box in the snow next to it.  “This is the least I can do.”
“Well, thanks.”  Chuck hugged her the minute Kat stood up from the pot.  And he held her.
“Chuck…”
“I know.”  He dropped his arms and took two large steps back, a big smile on his face.  He had a reputation for getting his hands where they didn’t belong.  He had tried it once on Kat, and she had explained that would not happen again.  It hadn’t.
The younger guys took a few minutes to get to the fire, and once there, they had to set down their saws, and clear themselves of hard hats, ear plugs, and eye protection.  But they lined up for food fast enough.  Lisa did most of the work.  Each man got a paper plate, a bun, a pile of potato chips, and a glass of lemonade.  Kat spooned the sloppy joe mix onto their buns.
“We have enough buns for every man to have four.”  They needed all of them.  The first man to get his food was back in line right after the last man was served.  It was less a line, and more a circle.  They ate all four sloppy joes standing up.  Only after the fourth did they sit down near their saws.  Lisa brought around more chips, and Kat brought around a tray of brownies.
“You’re coming back again tomorrow, right?”  Jake said it, but all the rest agreed.
“You save my life a second time, I’ll feed you a second time.”  Kat put the empty crockpot on the snow, and sat on the warm stump.  Lisa took a log on the far side of the fire.
“What do you guys do when it gets cold?”  Lisa was holding her hands out toward the fire.  She got the laugh she expected.
“We go to any bar that is still standing.”  Jake moved to Lisa’s log.
“What about it, Kat.”  Chuck was hunched over his third brownie.  “Is Jim going to rebuild?”
“He’s still deciding.”  She didn’t want to tell them he probably wouldn’t.
“And what about that girl?  Have they figured out who she was?”  Mittens was the youngest guy in the crew.  Kat thought it interesting that he should be the guy to ask about her.
“Dave Kekkonen is still checking.  He thinks she may be from some cabin back in the woods.  Maybe no electricity.  Seen anyplace like that while you have been out cutting?”
“You see those places…”  Chuck was talking to Kat, but also to his guys.  “Some place up a narrow road, big gate and a no trespassing sign, you need to stay away.  Those people are backed away for a reason.”
“You mean like Klein?”  Jake said it for a laugh.  
“I heard somebody shot him.”  Eddie looked around the fire, not sure if was true.
“I shot him.”  Everybody looked at Lisa.  Most were smiling, thinking she was joking.  Their faces changed as they saw her staring into the fire.
“He came to the lodge.”  Kat waited.  She wanted them looking at her, not at Lisa.  Once she had their attention, she continued.  “He said we were narcs.  We were.  I told Kekkonen about him selling dope to kids.  He came at us with a shotgun.  I wrestled with him for the gun.  Lisa shot him.  The bastard is dead.”
There was a brief silence followed by mumbled comments along the lines of – “good, no loss, about time.”  Jake reached over and took Lisa’s hand.
“I’m sorry, Kat.  I wouldn’t have told you about him if I thought he was dangerous.”
“He just seemed old and goofy.”  One of the other guys said.
“And his weed was nothing special.”
Kat didn’t want to hear any more about Klein, so she stood and started gathering up her lunch things.
“Sorry that had to happen, Kat.”  Chuck stood up and approached Kat.  She knew where this was going.  He would want to hug her.  The guy never gave up.  She stood and let him.  Jake had his arms around Lisa.  Tragedy.  One more chance for men to get their hands on a woman.  
Kat freed herself from Chuck and then picked up her crockpot.  “It was good to see you guys again.  And one more time, thanks for pulling me out of the bar.”  Lunch was over.  Everybody stood.  Time to go back to work.  Except…
“The bar may be closed, but Kat and I want to invite you over for one more round of beers tonight.  Stop at the lodge after work, and we’ll have a round on the house.”  Kat looked at Lisa.  This was not part of the plan.  But she decided not to object.  She smiled, added “yes, do come over tonight.” And that was that.  She picked up the crockpot, the men picked up their saws, and everyone headed in a different direction.
Kat was back at her bus when Lisa caught up with her.
“Explain.”  Kat couldn’t think of anything else to say.
“Did we learn anything at lunch?”
“No.”
“So we try again.”
“With beer.”
“I’ll drive into town and buy some beer and frozen pizzas.  Entertaining men is as easy as it gets.”
Kat decided she would do the shopping herself.  She stopped at the party store on the way home.  Five frozen pizzas, three cases of beer.  Lisa was right about entertaining men.  It was easy.  Volume was what mattered.
  


Chapter 16
Dinner with Loggers

They didn’t go straight back to the lodge or to the store.  They looked around first.  Up County H and then up and down Highway 8.  There were side roads – unplowed and unused.  Summer cabins, maybe used for deer season.  Not used in January.  They spent an hour cruising any backroad that had been plowed, any road where a twelve year old girl might meet a logger.  Maybe half a dozen houses were occupied.  This part of Wisconsin was emptying faster than the rest.  The houses that were still in use – smoke coming out the chimney, driveway plowed – all had electricity running to the home.  If the girl had met any of the loggers, it wasn’t anywhere around Goodman.
So, no progress so far.  But, it turned out the pizza and beer idea worked well.  Not only did the men relax after the first couple beers, but Kat or Lisa had at least a short – relatively private – conversation with each.  The key was movement.  Lisa was responsible for most of that.  The men had never been to the lodge before (few in Amberg had), so she gave tours.  Pizza slice in one hand, can of beer in the other, she took them around the place.
While the six younger loggers went with Lisa, Chuck White stayed with Kat.  Close.  Both women had changed into dresses – heavier, cotton dresses with long sleeves and longer skirts – but dresses just the same.  They were hostesses after all.  Not that the men were not already paying attention, but, well, somehow their attention level moved up a notch or two.
Chuck followed Kat into the kitchen as she warmed up pizza number three (the first two disappeared almost instantly).  He offered to “help,” but of course what he really wanted was to stand close.  As far as Kat knew, Chuck didn’t really cheat on his wife, he just made all the preliminary moves, and then stopped.  He was making all the moves with her, saying nice things about Kat's looks, and her lodge, and her pizzas, and her kitchen… It was a long list, but he stood close while running through it.  Kat let him, then moved the conversation.
“Chuck, you sounded pretty serious about guys up long roads.  Have you run into any of them while logging this year?”
“This year?  Yeah.  You know the road to the old Kremlin mine?  We were working a forty along there, maybe two miles east of 141, and we had this guy stand at the edge of the forty every day we worked.  Deer rifle in hand.  Yelling at us about staying off his land.  Little guy.  Hadn’t seen a barber this century.  Every day I had to walk over to him, show him the plat map, and repeat we would not cut his trees.  He’d just tell me to stay off his land, and stand watching all day.”
“Did he ever have a girl with him?”
“Him?  He didn’t even have a dog.  You don’t know these guys, Kat.  Well and truly scrambled between the ears.”
“Any others?”
“No.  But there will be.  Want my prediction for the future?”  He puffed himself up a bit, and smiled.  Proud of himself.  He had Kat alone, and he had her listening.
“Sure.”
“Yours will be the only business to survive in Amberg, I will be the last logger working Marinette County, and every backroad up here will get some guy who thinks he’s a survivalist, or a sovereign citizen, or a doomsday prepper.  They will be men, they will be alone, and they will be dangerous as hell.”
“Two miles east of 141?”
“Kat, I know you want to find out where that girl came from, but you need to be careful.”  Since he was giving advice, he thought he had the right to put his hands on Kat’s shoulders.  For the first and only time, she let his hands stay there.
“Nothing around Goodman?”
“Not a soul, and we’ve been there since December.”
“And before that?”
“I spent the summer and early fall clearing fire lanes in Nicolet Forest.  You want to see crazy, you should see what’s living in pup tents deep into the forest there.”
“No girls?”
“Kat, you women don’t always make the best choices, but no female on planet earth would go near guys like that.”
“I hope.”  Kat kissed him on the cheek.  Shocked the hell out him.  She pulled one of the pizzas out of the oven, gave it to Chuck to cut, and put another one in.  He had helped after all.
Lisa, meanwhile, had spent a lot of time on the second floor.  She walked the six guys from guest room to guest room, talked about Kat’s weekend workshops, how the place had changed since the original owner had gone broke, how Kat had redecorated…  She was pretty boring.  But she was pretty in a dress that only approached her knees, and the guys had the usual problem with guys – too many guys and not enough girls.  Eventually several went down for another beer and let Jake be alone with Lisa.  They spent a lot of time in guest room five.  When they came out, Mittens was pacing around the landing at the top of the stairs.  Lisa immediately took his hand and said she needed to show him the room with the best view of the lake – room six.  He followed her in with the biggest grin of his life.
Downstairs, Kat kept the men moving.  The beer was on the bar, the pizza went onto a coffee table in the midst of the great room.  And of course the ruined ceiling by the entryway drew attention.  With three focal areas, all getting serious attention, Kat was able to strike up a conversation with one or two guys at a time.
She started with Downs.  He was looking up at the damaged ceiling, and was alone for a moment while Eddie decided he needed another beer.
“Downs, did you get a good look at that girl as she came through the wall?”
“Kat, I never hit the floor so fast in my life.  I heard the wall explode, glanced over my shoulder to see what was going on, and then I was down.  Thank god for the pool table.  I think it saved all of us.”
“Yes, the top must be one inch slate.”
“I thought you were really brave, by the way, trying to get to that girl.  But I could see the ceiling already coming down.  I grabbed one of the Kaminski sisters and pulled her out the back door.”
“That was brave too.”
“She punched me, and swore at me as I walked her home.  I should have gotten her coat.  And she wanted her cribbage board.  Ceiling tiles were already landing on her card table, and I should have pulled her coat and cribbage board from under all that.”
“Times like that, you can only do what you can do.”
“True that.”
Ski wandered over at that point, and Kat repeated the conversation.  And she got pretty much the same answers.  Hadn’t seen the girl.  Nothing in his answers that hinted at evasion.  He really didn’t know the girl, and didn’t seem all that interested, other than the standard – so sorry.
Six guys.  All in their twenties.  Well, Kat thought Eddie might be a few years older.  But chainsaws put a lot of strain on a back.  Older men take disability or find easier work.  These six?  She hadn’t talked to all of them, but so far, she wasn’t getting even a glimmer of a connection to Kayli.  Twelve year old girl.  Guys in their twenties (or a little older).  Kekkonen seemed to be wrong.  Maybe Lisa was hearing something Kat wasn’t, but if there was connection between the girl and the loggers, Kat wasn’t seeing it. 
The guys stuck around another hour or so.  They went through all five pizzas and all the beer.  Two more paced the upstairs landing waiting for Lisa to show them a “special” room.  Then it was time to go.  Chuck thanked Kat with a hug and a kiss – on the lips.  None of the other guys tried that.  Lisa got their hugs – and smiles.  And that was it.  On went the boots and coats, and off went the men.
Kat filled a garbage bag with empty beer cans, and waited for Lisa to report.  Lisa waited until the last bag was filled, then gave Kat a big smile, flounced her skirt, and settled herself into the couch opposite the fireplace.  She crossed her legs, pulled her skirt well up her thigh, and patted the seat next to her.  No question, she was very pleased with herself.  Kat joined her, still waiting for a report on the second floor visits.
“Mittens.  If she was coming for one of them, he was the one.”  She was making a declaration.  Absolute certainty.
“Okay.  Why?”
“He was so cute up there.  I got him into the room, and we stood looking out the window at the lake, not that we can see a damn thing in the dark, and I know he is desperately looking for something to say.  I just take his hand, and I slowly turn to him.  I say, ‘Beautiful, isn’t it?’ and now I am up against him.  He manages to get out ‘yes,’ without his voice cracking, and I slide up on my toes, my face almost touching his.  He has to make the move.  I always make the man take the first step.  But I stand there, and I slowly take our clasped hands and bring them around my back.  He is holding me without really making a move.  And he kisses me.  Short.  Tentative.  Like maybe he will have to apologize.  And I say, ‘I liked that.’  And now he’s got both arms around me, and he gives me this big, long, serious kiss.”
“Okay, so you seduced him.  If you did more than kissing, I don’t want to hear about it.  If you just stood kissing, I am sure you left him horny as hell.  Happy, I am sure, but on the verge of wetting himself.  And the others?”
“Pretty much the same action, but less interesting.  Quicker moves on their part.  Half an urge to throw me on the bed right then and there.”
“And this tells you?”
“Did you ever watch boy bands as a kid?  By the way, I didn’t pull my skirt up to get cool.”  She took Kat’s hand and put it on her thigh, sliding it a bit to show Kat what she wanted.
“You seem to be taking the lead this evening.”
“I doubt you mind.  Now answer the question.”  While Kat answered, Lisa pulled Kat’s skirt up and slid her hand between Kat’s legs.  No question, this was her night to lead.
“I vaguely recall Back Street Boys.  But explain the connection to Mittens.  By the way, any idea how he got that name?”
“His first day on the job was winter last year.  He lives with his mother and grandmother.  Grandma is worried he is working out in the cold.  So she knits him a pair of mittens.  Makes no sense, really.  They will be shredded within the first hour, and they’ll slide all over his saw.  But he’s a good boy and wears them out to the truck when they come to pick him up.  They can’t stop laughing, and he’s Mittens ever since.  Probably still will be when he has grandkids.”
“Okay, so he’s a good kid.  Now you’re going to tell me he can sing and dance?”
“No.  But he has what the boy bands really sell – safety.  Their fans are all twelve or thirteen.  Girls just starting to think about boys.  They think they should have a boyfriend, but boys in their class are small and rude, bigger boys are big – and scary.  Who knows what they might do?  But the boys on TV are cute.  Small, thin, just a little older, but they sing and dance and say all the right things.  Safe.  Visual boyfriends.”
“And Mittens?”
“I told you how he was with me.  Slow, cute, safe.  He’s out cutting timber, she happens by, he’s got his coat off, thin, a man, but still a boy.  Nice looking.  Good hair.  He’s the one she would pick.”
“And this happens, where?”
“Someplace where Chuck White has been cutting.  I assume you got him to tell you his recent cuts.  Tomorrow we go looking.  Tonight?  Tonight I do a whole lot more for you than I was doing for those guys.”  



Chapter 17
Kayli’s Memorial Service

Dave Kekkonen called first thing in the morning.  There would be a memorial service for Kayli.
“Shouldn’t we wait to find her parents?”  
Kat and Lisa were midway through breakfast.  They had a county map in front of them, and had been planning how to do their search for the day.  Kat was surprised by the thought of the service, and confused.  How did you do a memorial service for someone completely unknown?
“We’re running out of things to try.  I’ve knocked on lots of doors, and I know you have been out looking.  The thinking goes, announce the service and see if that finally draws her family out.  Not a lot of people up here get the newspaper anymore, but we have had it on the radio the last two days.  We’re hoping they’re listening.”
“It still seems early to bury her.”
“It’s been a week, Kat.  The medical examiner has completed his work.  We can’t just store the body forever, and like I said, this might bring people out.”
“Where is it?”
“Kellerman’s Funeral Home in Wausaukee.  We’re guessing she lived somewhere near there.”
“Time?”
“Noon.”
“Lisa and I will be there.”
Lisa was reluctant.
“Maybe you should go without me.  I’ll just sit and cry.”
“I’ll cry too, but we will see who attends.  Dave hopes this will finally bring her family out.  He might be right.”
“This is going to be bad.”
Lisa was right.  It was bad.  The funeral home was like all the others.  Single story – no steps – after all, mourners were likely to be old - lots of wheel chairs and walkers.  Canopy entrance so the hearse could pull up front and be out of the rain or snow.  Circle drive.  Large parking lot to the side.  Big lobby.  Guest book on a stand just inside the door.  Old guy in a suit – presumably Kellerman – standing with his hands clasped over his crotch, waiting to direct mourners down the hall.
Kat and Lisa signed the guest book.  It occurred to Kat the book might later be evidence.  If the family showed up and signed in, Kekkonen would have their names.  No luck so far.  Just Kat and Lisa.  Two lines on an empty page.
They stood for a moment.  Time to go into the room?  Kellerman seemed to read their minds.  He nodded and motioned with his right hand – just this way.  And there it was.  Huge room.  Apparently one size fit all.  Wooden chairs lined up in rows.  Sixty or seventy chairs easy.  Were they expecting a crowd?  Up front was the coffin.  Brown wooden box.  Closed.  It made sense.  Kayli would have been crushed under the roof.  It would have required work – and cost – to make her presentable.  Kat was bothered that the effort had not been made, but also grateful.  Looking again at that girl would have been heartbreaking.
Where to sit?  Family would take the front row – if there was family.  Absolute strangers – reporters, cops – would take the back.  Kat took Lisa’s hand, and they sat near the middle.
For a long time, they sat alone, Lisa periodically looking up at the coffin and crying.  Time passed.  Piped in organ music was painful to hear.  It went on and on.  Soft, slow, probably the same CD used in every funeral home in America.  There was no money for a live organist, and what difference would it make?  Just the same songs played at the same pace and volume.
They had arrived at ten to twelve.  Just ten minutes early, but the ten minutes dragged on.  The two of them in a big room with a brown box and mournful music.  Eventually they heard a noise behind them and turned.  The Kaminski sisters.  They came up the center aisle, stopped well short of the coffin, nodded in the general direction of Kat and Lisa, and then dropped into chairs near the back of the room.  Both had handkerchiefs out and were dabbing their eyes, but it didn’t appear they were actually crying.
Noon.  No one else arrived.  They listened for action in the lobby, maybe the front doors swinging out.  Nothing.  Kellerman walked to the back of the room.  Checking to see if he was needed?  Wondering why he had taken the time to set up so many chairs?  He stood for a moment, and then returned to his place in the lobby.
Ten minutes passed.  Still just the four of them sniffling and looking towards a brown box.  Kat was sniffling, but she was also angry.  Where were the parents?  Where were friends?  Where was anyone who had a connection to Kayli?  How could this child – or any child – be so alone?
Quarter past they heard quick movements behind them, the doors snapping open, heavy footsteps across the lobby and then into the room.  A pastor.  Black suit.  Overcoat that came off as he walked to the front of the room.  The coat went into one of the front chairs – the family chairs.  A Bible fit in his hands.  Kat could see yellow book marks.  The man turned toward the coffin.  Maybe a prayer.  If so, not a long one.  Then he turned back to the mourners.  All four of them.  He waited for their attention.  Older man.  Gary hair, slumped shoulders, dark suit that had lost most of the creases and all of the sheen the material might once have had. He stood.  He waited.  Some clock in his head was set for a period of silence before his words.
When his words came, they came wrapped around two problems.  First, he didn’t know her, so he could make no comments about her life – all the good things she had done, or the friends she enjoyed.  Kat had seen pastors in this situation.  It usually meant they went generic – lots about death being part of life, but then there is life everlasting.  And that’s exactly what this pastor did.
But he had a second problem – her name.  Kat had once seen a pastor mispronounce a complicated name.  Everyone cringed every time he said it.  Military services were better about that.  The name was always pronounced correctly.  The clergy might not know the man, but the name had been drilled and was stated carefully and correctly.  Civilians?  Not always.  Some guy hasn’t been to church in decades…  The family only has a remote connection to the church but wants a church service…  The pastor can be excused for any shortcomings.
This pastor had a different problem with the name.  Kayli.  A name he chose not to use.  The name implied one gender.  The pastor understood there was another gender.  He knew nothing about Kayli, but he knew that.  So the name became “this child.”  Not a he, not a she, not a Kayli.  This child.  This child taken too soon.  This child taken in mysterious circumstances.  This child beloved of God.  This child now in the arms of Jesus.
Kat gave him credit for that.  No blame.  No threat of hell.  But of course, also, no mention of whatever tensions and sorrows Kayli might have been going through as she put on a blue dress that morning, a band on her wrist declaring her name to be “Kayli.”  Her gender defined by her.
Past the point of labels, past the point of blame or accusation, the Pastor gave the standard speech about everlasting life, the forgiveness of Christ, and the bounty of God.  He opened his Bible to his marked passages, passages he no doubt had memorized, but passages that were always read – more power, more authority.  He read them well.  He added a prayer of his own, asking that God take “this child” to his home.
Fifteen minutes.  If that.  Scripture readings, standard reminders of the faith, prayers for the deceased.  He stood silent when he was done, then nodded to the four in attendance, wished them comfort in their grief, then put on his coat and left.  It was over.
Over for him.  Not over for Kat, and definitely not over for Lisa.  Lisa had cried, as had Kat, but Lisa stopped crying during the service.  What didn’t stop was her hand.  She had been holding Kat’s hand since they entered the funeral home, but the nature of the grip changed constantly.  She pulled or pushed Kat’s hand.  It was on the seat between them, then on her lap, then on Kat’s lap, then back on the seat… Then…  It was clear to Kat, Lisa was coming apart.  She was doing her best to hold herself together, but it was a struggle.  
At one point Kat turned and pulled Lisa to her, stroking her hair and kissing her cheek.  Lisa laid her head on Kat’s shoulder, but her hand kept moving.  It was like she was having a seizure.
“This is so awful.”  Lisa whispered that, twisting her head to look at the pastor.  She repeated it several more times while Kat held her.  She repeated it again as the pastor walked away.
She said it again as Kat pulled her out of her chair and moved toward the Kaminski sisters, the four of them standing in the center aisle.  The sisters nodded agreement and said how sorry they were for the girl, but then they turned the conversation to themselves.  They had been scared half to death.  Wherever did she get that car?  What made her drive it into the bar?  She had almost struck their table.
Kat asked about their health, and they assured her they were fine.  They had gone to see their doctor to be sure.  No injuries.  They asked Kat when the bar would be open again.  They missed seeing all their friends.  Kat had no idea which friends she meant, but she told her Jim was looking into it.  
The four of them slowly made their way to the lobby.  The old man in the suit held the door for them, and it was over.  The sisters held each other’s arm and shuffled to an old Buick.  Kat and Lisa headed for Lisa’s car.  Dave Kekkonen was standing beside it.  Lisa jerked her hand away from Kat’s and slapped Dave across the face – hard.
“Stupid man.  Fool.  You do that to a little girl.  Brown box in an empty room.  You did that.”  She reached back to slap him again, but Kat wrapped her arms around her and held her tight.
“Lisa, this way she got a service.  And we might have found her family.”  He stood, hands at his side.  If she was going to strike him again, he wasn’t going to stop her – or arrest her.
“Let me go.”  She twisted away from Kat.  “I need some time.”  She pushed past both of them, got into her car, and raced off.
“It was pretty awful in there, Dave.  Empty.  It felt wrong.  All of it.”
“Kat, they had scheduled the body for cremation this morning.  This way she got some kind words, and maybe we would have found family.”
“What you did was reasonable, Dave.  But sitting in that room was a whole new level of agony.”
“I understand.”  From the look on his face, Kat thought maybe he did understand.  At least partially.
“Give me a ride home?”
“Let’s have lunch first.”  He pointed down the street to the café.



Chapter 18
Lunch and Options

The café was nearly full, but they found a booth in the corner.  Sarah shuffled over with a coffee pot and two cups.  “Cheeseburgers?”  She asked.  “We also have a pot roast special.”  They both went with cheeseburgers.  Sarah poured the coffee, smiled, and shuffled away.  Her ankles looked thicker than usual.  Kat had to wonder how much longer she could run the café.
“How did it go with the loggers?”  Dave was getting straight to business.  Kat understood.  He was uncomfortable.  Best response after an ugly moment is to just move on.
“Chuck gave me a history of where they had been cutting, and warned me about crazies up old roads.”
“We have those.  And he was right to warn you.  Sometimes they just need a couple months in an icy cabin to cool off.  Sometimes they get up there and just keep getting worse.  Maybe they eat a gun.  Maybe they talk to the squirrels.  Either way, give them their space.”
“And if Kayli came from one of those places, might there be other girls there too?”
“Yes.”  Dave said the word quietly, looking straight at Kat.  “We have a lot of emptiness up here.  More all the time as people clear out, looking for work.  What’s left in the emptiness is a few guys who want to try roughing it, and a few guys who think life begins and ends with a fishing rod, and a few guys playing with half a deck, or less.”
“You’re forgetting the dopers.”
“That’s about over.  Wisconsin will never legalize marijuana – the state is run by crabby old men and the Tavern League.  But all the states around us either sell it legally now, or soon will.  Why buy bad weed from a guy like Ron Klein, when you can just drive across the state line and get it in fifty different flavors from a guy who smiles and takes a shower every day?”
“Tavern League?”  Kat had to ask.
“Don’t get me started on our drunk driving laws.”
“I suspect every logger I put on the road last night was over the limit.”  Kat paused.  Sarah was already back with their cheeseburgers.  It was painful to watch her cross the room.  “I’m pretty sure, by the way, that none of them were the reason Kayli hit the bar.  I talked to every one of them, and I saw no sign of evasion.  Not a pupil moved or dilated.  They were just six guys drinking a beer when Kayli crashed the place.”
“I’m running out of places to look, and things to try.  I appreciate your help by the way.”
“I want to find her family, Dave.  I want to know what happened to her.  I saw her face.  I still see her face.  She was terrified.  I want to know why.”
“I’m out of ideas, Kat.  Our detectives did one day of door knocking.  They won’t be back.  They’ll work cases in Marinette.  Cases closer to home.  You’ve driven back roads, I’ve driven back roads, we talked to all the witnesses.  This could be a case that never closes.”
“She was twelve years old, driving a piece of crap.  She didn’t go all that far.  And I agree with your theory that the bar was her destination.  We may not ever know if she wanted to destroy it or not, but I am pretty sure she wanted to get there.  So we know important things.”
“Okay, let me add to that.”  Dave was leaning well over the table as he talked.  Sarah’s cheeseburger were great, but greasy.  Drops fell onto his plate as he held his burger.  “We can be pretty sure her family didn’t go off on a cruise and leave her behind.  Wherever she came from, things aren’t right.  Maybe they are in trouble.  Maybe they are trouble.  But something is going on back there.”
“So?”  Kat had already finished her burger.  Twenty years in the army set eating habits for life.  She was now working her way through her third napkin getting the grease off her fingers.
“We look, we listen, and I guess we keep driving back roads.”  Dave set the remains of his burger down.  Kat guessed he had already eaten a lunch packed for him by Bonnie.  Everyone said they had been childhood sweethearts.  “Kat, I know you have a business to run.  This is my job to do.”
“Dave, I’m not going out because I used to be a military cop.  I am going out because I want to know about this girl.  I think we owe her.  She came to my bar, looking for something.  I want to know what it was.”
In the end, they got out their phones, pulled out the map app, and picked areas of the county.  She got north and west.  He took north and east.  It didn’t amount to much of a plan, but it was something.  
They spent the drive back to Kat’s lodge talking basketball.  Dave’s sons had Dave’s height, but loved the game.  Kat listened while Dave bragged.  The older boy had made the junior high JV team and had scored his first bucket.  Not much playing time yet, but he had one basket and one free throw.  And there was still some season left.



Chapter 19
Empty Nest

Kat went home to an empty lodge.  When Dave brought her home, she thought maybe she would find Lisa’s car in the drive.  No.  Just empty space.  And an empty lodge.  Funny how that felt.  She lived alone.  And while she had guests in the lodge most weekends, she was generally alone during the week.  She hadn’t minded.  Sometimes there was Jim.  Sometimes there was someone else.  But many days she was alone.  Somehow, some way, this day felt more alone, the lodge more empty.
She turned on the gas fireplace, sat on the leather couch with her feet pulled up under her, and stared at the fire.  Lisa.  She had been lucky Dave had not arrested her for assault.  But Dave was a good guy, and he knew Lisa was…  well… fragile.  Taking her to the service had been a mistake.  It had been hard enough on Kat.  Empty room, empty chairs, rote words.  How could any child be so alone?  Her mourners - two bartenders and two old ladies, none of whom knew her full name and anything about her – other than how her life had ended.  A plain brown box in an empty room.  Kat found herself crying again.  She wrapped her skirt around her feet and stared into the fire.
Had her lodge ever been so quiet – and so empty?  Lisa might be back.  Or might not.  She had come to help Kat heal.  Kat was now healed.  So would Lisa just go off to wherever she needed to go to heal?  A fragile lady sitting through fifteen minutes of words and emptiness.  Probably back at her apartment.  Maybe shouting, maybe drinking, maybe pulling a man on top of her.
The bar was gone, so her job was gone.  There were jobs in Iron Mountain.  Maybe she’d find one and never return to Amberg.  And, Kat had to admit, that would simplify her life.  Lisa was complex.  Lisa was fragile.  Lisa was probably ill.  But she was also fun, and warm, and attractive.  She had been kind, and soft, and helpful when Kat had needed her.  It had been good to have her near.  It would be good to have her next to her right now, to hold her, and talk with her, and plan what to do about Kayli.  It would be good to have her.
Kat should not have taken her to the memorial service.  But they had been a team, searching for Kayli’s family.  How could she have left Lisa home?  And how could she have known how dismal the service would be?  Kat thought about that brown box again, and felt Lisa’s hand in hers, the hand expressing all the frustration and confusion and anger and fear Lisa felt.  By then it was too late.  She had taken a fragile woman into a room that would leave nightmares for all.
So now what?  Now Kat sat by the fire, her arms wrapped around her waist, feeling the warmth of the fire, watching the light outside her windows fade, darkness already arriving by four.  She napped.  She listened for a car in the drive.  Eventually she went to her kitchen, made a sandwich, drank some wine, and went to an empty bed.



Chapter 20
Widow Klein

Kat pulled herself out of bed the next morning determined to resume the search.  She had promised Dave she would check some backroads.  She would do it.  Alone.  
She had finished her oatmeal and was getting her boots on when a truck drove in.  Beat up Ford pulling a U-Haul.  A smallish woman got down from the truck and came straight to Kat’s door. 
“Hi.”  The minute Kat opened her door, the woman stuck out her hand.  Late thirties, jeans, military surplus jacket, oval face, determined look.  “I came to apologize.”
“About what?”  It was January in Wisconsin.  You didn’t leave visitors standing out in the cold, but Kat was baffled.
“I’m Becky Klein.  Ron Klein was my husband.”
“Oh.”  Kat opened the door wider and let the woman in.  She hung the woman’s coat on the coat tree by the door, and then retreated into the lodge.  The woman followed, but stopped to look up at the ceiling.
“Did he hurt you?”  She was staring straight up.  Somehow the damage was more obvious in the morning light, the tears and holes more ragged.
“No.”  Kat wasn’t sure what more to say.  The fight had happened right about where they were standing.  His blood had been all over the floor.  Did the woman want to know that?
“This is going to sound bad, but I apologize for everything he did and tried to do, and I thank you for what you did.”
The woman was looking up at Kat.  She couldn’t have been more than five three.  She had brown eyes, eyes with almost the same coloring as her hair.  As a child she had probably been called a “pretty little thing.”  Now there was a touch of gray in her hair, and lines draining the edges of her mouth.  She had arrived at middle-age early.  But Kat saw strength in the eyes.
“Would you like some coffee?”
“Yes.  Thank you.”
Kat led the way back to the kitchen.  She was used to people commenting on the great room, or the stone fireplace.  The woman said nothing.  She was here on business.  Kat pointed to a chair at the huge kitchen work table, and then quickly started a pot of coffee.  She sat opposite the woman while the pot made the usual noises.
“I noticed the U-Haul.”
“I have a sister in Peshtigo.  I’ll be staying with her until I get myself restarted.”
“And your cabin?”
“I was tempted to burn it.  But I’ll put it on the market.  Maybe some guy looking for a deer camp will take it.”
Kat got up and poured two mugs of coffee.  Both took it black.
“I used to be military police, but I wasn’t there to arrest him or get him busted for dope.”
“It was all ending any way.  His big dream.  Marijuana king pin.  He’d be as big as the Mexicans.”
“He was growing it out back?”
“Yes.  Two rows of it.  He was too lazy to plant more.  Ron was just a lazy guy.  Most days he knew that.  He wasn’t completely stupid.  He might talk about being the last free man in America, but he was just one more guy living off disability in the middle of nowhere.  Hurt his back working on truck engines.  So he says.  Said.  He buys ten acres of emptiness and builds his castle – figuring all his old friends will help him build, and then visit.  No friends.  Not much of a castle.  But with dope to sell, he had people coming around, finally, and a little money, and an inflated view of himself.”
“He was selling to high school kids.”  Kat could hear the accusation in her own voice.  
“No one older would buy from him.  They had better sources.  I hear the Hilton guests buy in Illinois – legally – before coming up.  Once Michigan legalizes weed, kids will just drive across the state line.  So much for the drug kingpin.”
Kat wasn’t sure where this conversation was going.  The “apology” seemed more like an explanation.  Small time dealer, small time man.  Was she supposed to sympathize?
“He came in here with a shotgun.”
“I thought he was going to use it on me.”  The confident, straight talking Becky disappeared.  Her eyes seemed to constantly be in motion now.  Darting.  Coffee mug, Kat’s face, table top, coffee mug, back wall, Kat’s chin.  Kat came around the table, sat next to the woman, and took the hand that had been holding the coffee mug.  She waited.
“He would do that sometimes.  Get his gun down, load it, maybe fire a couple rounds out back, and… sometimes he would point it at me.  Didn’t say anything.  Didn’t have to.  He’d point it here, and there, and then it would be aimed at me.  Not long, but no mistake, it was aimed at me.”
“That night?”
“One of the kids drove in.  Said you had been asking around.  Knew about him.  All the kids were sure the cops would be there soon.”
“They were coming.  Dave Kekkonen knew about him.”
“In the movies, all the drug kingpins go down shooting.  He got out his shotgun, and it was like he was acting out one of the movies.  He loaded it, put extra shells in his pocket, waved the gun around, and, he pointed it at me again.”
“And you?”
“We were married for seven years.  For six years and eleven months, I knew I had made a mistake.  He wasn’t bad looking, and he paid attention to me, so I moved in.  Awful place to live, but he kept saying he was getting ready to put on a new addition.  I may be slow, but I figured out pretty soon there would never be an addition.  I thought about leaving.  But I swear the bastard could read my mind.  Sometimes he’d be really sweet with me for a few days.  Sometimes he’d just scare the hell out me.  Maybe I’m lazy too.  At some point I figured I wasn’t going anywhere.  That night he points the gun at me, and I just said, ‘Go ahead.’”
“Becky, I didn’t like that he was selling drugs, but that’s not why I went to the house.”  Kat turned more fully toward the woman.  Becky’s eyes were still all over the room.  Even if she looked in Kat’s direction, it was a glimpse of her chest, or neck, maybe her chin.  Never her eyes.  Kat was tempted to grab her face and hold it still to get her complete attention.
“Becky, I’m looking for a girl.  Actually I’m looking for her family.  The girl’s name is Kayli.  She was killed when her car drove into the bar in Amberg.”
“I heard about that.”
“She was about twelve.  She had no coat and was barefoot, and the car was old.  So we think maybe she lived close.”
“Barefoot?”
“Yes.  Bare feet, bare legs, just a blue cotton dress.”
“Ron did that sometimes.  In his moods.  He had an old army locker.  He put all my shoes and boots in there, and locked them up.  I wasn’t going any place.  Even in the summer, how far can you walk barefoot?  And in the snow?”
“So.”  Kat suddenly had a whole new vision of what had happened to Kayli.  “Maybe she was being held?”
“That’s what Ron was doing to me.  Not all the time.  We would go into town together.  Even had lunch at the Wausaukee Café from time to time.  But there were days.  I’d see locks on that box and know I wasn’t going anywhere.”
“Seven years?”
“I know what you’re thinking.”  She was turned toward Kat now, and occasionally looked into Kat’s eyes, but mostly she was looking at Kat’s shoulder.  Her back had stiffened.  Kat expected her to pull away, maybe even get up and leave.  “Seven years.  Why didn’t I leave?  You hear stories about women.  Usually they have children, so they stay to help or protect them.  Me?  No kids.  No excuses.”
“You had moments of affection.  Moments of fear.  And time passes.”
“I know you’re trying, but you’ll never make it as a social worker.”  And something approaching a smile crossed her face.
“No, I guess not.”  Kat held her hand, and then hugged her.  “But it’s over now.”
They never finished their coffee.  Becky had said what she had come to say.  She stood, and the two slowly moved back to the door.
“Any chance you know of some other drug dealer who has a twelve year old girl?”  
They were back at the front of the lodge, Kat holding Becky’s coat while she stepped into her boots.
“Why a drug dealer?”  Becky took the coat.
“No one has come to claim the girl.  We thought maybe it was someone who had something to hide.”
“If she was a prisoner, they had lots to hide.”
Kat pulled on her own boots and followed Becky out to her truck.  Ron Klein’s old truck.  Dirty, rusty, and black.  Whatever money he had made selling drugs had not gone into the truck.  Fortunately, Becky was only taking it as far as Peshtigo.  They shared a brief hug before Becky climbed up into her seat.  Then she was off, pulling her trailer around Kat’s circle drive and out onto the lake road.  She barely made it.  Snow banks were high and ditches were everywhere.  Driving was never easy up north.  Kat had to wonder again, how had Kayli made it?  How far had she gone?  With bare feet?



Chapter 21
Dave and Bonnie

Kat had Dave Kekkonen’s home number and used it the minute she was back inside.  It was Bonnie who answered.
“Bonnie, it’s Kat Johnson.  Has Dave started his shift yet?”
“Hi, Kat.  He starts at three.”
“Could I come by and talk to you two?  I promise to keep it short.”
Dave and Bonnie lived about five miles east of Amberg.  Standard sized three bedroom ranch, two car attached garage.  Basketball hoop.  Their two sons were out shooting buckets.  January.  Probably wasn’t fifteen above.  But they were out, coats now lying on a snow bank as they sweated. Each trying to drive around the other to make a shot.
Kat stepped in front and stole the ball.
“Show me how you break a half-court trap.”  
She gave the ball to one boy and stood next to the other.  The boy with the ball backed off ten or fifteen feet, dribbled up, and then started faking right and left.  Once he got his brother to move, he then dribbled between him and Kat.  Just to show off, he finished his move by throwing up a lay up.
“Good.  Now you.”
The younger brother couldn’t dribble was well, the ball rising much too high and too slow.  But Kat pretended to be faked off to her right, and the boy shot between her and his brother.  Another lay up.
“How about your inbound plays?”  
Each boy took the ball back a few yards.  Kat pretended to guard them.  Dave’s sons, they were maybe five six, headed to a full growth of maybe five nine.  At five eleven and hands trained from college ball, Kat made all the moves, but happened to be “too slow” to reach down when the ball was bounced under her.
“JV this year?”  Kat asked as she backed away.”
“JV this year, varsity next.”
“Could be, but work more with your left hand.  You will need them both.”
Bonnie was waiting for her at the door.  Kat had visited before, and she always had trouble keeping a straight face.  Once Kat was inside, jacket off, coffee mug in her hand, she took the seat by the windows, and Dave and Bonnie took the couch.  Side by side.  Supposedly they had started sitting together on the school bus.  Some said third grade, some said fourth.  Kat imagined thirty years from now, they would be one of those cute couples you saw sitting outside on a bench as you drove by, holding hands, and waving to neighbors.  They didn’t know any other way to sit.
But Bonnie had to ask.
“Should I be in the room for this?” 
“Actually you may be more help than Dave.”  Kat leaned forward, her hands – and coffee mug – on her knees.  “This is about Kayli.  The girl who drove her car into the Amberg bar.”
Bonnie turned to Dave.  “The memorial service yesterday?”
“Yes.  We were hoping her family might come in for that, and we could learn what was going on with her.”
“We’ve been thinking maybe they haven’t come for the girl because they were doing something illegal.  Probably drugs.  That’s why I went up to Ron Klein’s place.”  Kat had been talking most directly to Bonnie, but now she faced Dave.  “His wife Becky came to see me this morning.”
“Oh?”  Dave seemed to sit a bit straighter on the couch.
“She was pulling a U-Haul with his old truck.  Said she was moving to her sister’s in Peshtigo.  I guess I was the last stop on the way out of town.  She said she had come to apologize.  I think mostly she wanted to explain.”
“I always felt sorry for her when I saw her in town.”  Bonnie’s turn to sit a bit straighter and lean toward Kat.  “She was this pretty little thing with this big old lump.”  Since Bonnie was no more than five five or five six, Kat had trouble not smiling at Bonnie’s appraisal of Becky’s size.  Becky might have been the only woman in town smaller than her.
“I mentioned that Kayli hadn’t been wearing shoes, and Becky said Ron sometimes locked hers up – a way to keep her in the house.”
“Well that bastard.”  Kat had never heard Bonnie swear before.
“So here’s why I interrupted your Saturday.  We have been looking for a girl.  What if we should be looking for a mother?  She might be the one in trouble.”
That brought silence.  Both Dave and Bonnie settled back some, and Kat noticed Bonnie reach over and take Dave’s hand.  Kat let the silence settle.  There were lots of follow up questions that would come in time.  Fine.  But first, they needed a chance to rethink what might be going on.
“We have domestic violence up here.”  Dave led off.  “Long winter nights, tiny older homes, far too much Budweiser.  People get on each other’s nerves.  I’ll get a call every couple weeks.”
“Lisa Hennessey.”  Bonnie had turned toward Dave.  She seemed to be holding his hand tighter.
“Yes.”  Dave turned to Bonnie, and then back to Kat.  “That was almost a homicide.  Just after Christmas.  Hate to say it, but I really hate that holiday.  She ended up in the hospital, and he is awaiting trial.”
“Any twelve year olds in the house?”
“No.  Good thing.  Kids that age make things much worse.  They jump in.  They get hurt, mom gets hurt, things get ugly fast.”
“And the others?”
Dave settled back on the couch.  He needed to think back to the calls he had made.  He also gave some thought to how much he could tell Kat.
“We have four families being visited by Family Services.  We have the usual problems with the county – their offices are in Marinette, we are a one hour drive.  But they make the drive.  They do the checks.  Usually they are able to do some good.  Sometimes they have to take the kids.  I really can’t say more than that, Kat.  But I don’t think any of the kids were Kayli’s age.”
“Anyone you and Family Services might not know about?”  Kat initially directed her question to Dave, but faced Bonnie when she was done.
Bonnie seemed to shrink.  Both Dave and Kat were watching her.  She pressed back on the couch, seemed to draw her legs tighter, and stared off through the front windows.  Kat waited.
“People say things.”  Bonnie paused before continuing.  She glanced at Dave, but most of her attention was on Kat.  “Sometime I tell Dave, sometimes not.  Someone says something like ‘Jane is wearing a lot of makeup today.’  She means Jane might be hiding bruises.  You know.  It happens.  Women yell, men hit.  Not Dave.  Ever.  But you hear about others.”
“Women who might be stuck at home?”
“Women with little kids are always stuck at home.  I used to count the hours until Dave got off shift so I could go ‘shopping.’  Maybe I needed some things, but mostly I needed a change of scenery.  Dave was pretty good about it.”  She smiled at Dave and played a bit with his hand.
“So how do we find out if women are home with little kids, home because it’s too damn cold to go out, or home because that’s where their husband wants them to be?”
“Kat,” Dave was shaking his head.  “Now you are back to knocking on every door.  We’ve already done some of that.”
“Dave, that was you at the door.”  Kat chose her words carefully.  “I am sure you asked the right questions, and in the right way, but you arrive with a squad car and a uniform.  Good guy.  Everyone knows you.  But you are still a cop.  Besides.  We don’t need to stop at every door – just the ones where Bonnie has heard things.”
Dave and Kat turned towards Bonnie.  Her turn.
“I don’t know all those women well, but I do know them well enough to say ‘Hello’.  I suppose I could pay them a visit.”
“No you won’t.  Give me their names, and I will see them.”  Funny how people can grow or shrink right in front of you.  Dave was suddenly about four sizes larger.  But Bonnie was larger too.
“How about this.”  Kat jumped in.  “I go with you, Bonnie.  You tell people I am new in town, and you are just introducing me around.”
“Kat, you’ve lived here five years.”  Dave was shaking his head.
“Four years come May.”  Even as she said it, Kat knew it sounded stupid.  And embarrassing.  She had lived in town almost four years.  She knew men from her nights bartending, and she knew a few people who owned businesses.  Did she know any women?  No.  Had she made any effort to meet them?  No.  
“What if we try this.”  Bonnie paused, looking first at Kat, and then at Dave.  She had grown another couple sizes.  Pretty sure of herself.  “You had some loggers over a couple days ago.”
“Lisa’s idea.”
“They told everyone.  Very proud of themselves.  They had been to the lodge.”  Kat listened, but was becoming even more embarrassed.  Among the many people she had never invited to the lodge – Dave and Bonnie.  “What if we create a women’s night?”
“A wine and whine,” Kat interjected.  “Sorry, that’s what the enlisted wives called it when I was stationed at Fort Meade.”
“Cute name.”  Bonnie seemed to like it.
“I was never sure if I was one of the officers they whined about.”
“They won’t whine about you here.”  Bonnie put on such a reassuring smile, Kat wondered if she would reach across the room and pat her hand.  “Would you mind doing something like that?”
“Sure.  I have another free weekend before my workshops start up again.  We could do it Friday or Saturday night.”
“Late Saturday afternoon.  Husbands are home from work.  Babysitters are available if needed.  No excuses.”
“So if they don’t come…”
And that was the plan.  They would get the word out.  Kat was inviting the local women over to celebrate the end of January.  Bring cookies or snacks.  Kat would provide the wine.  And to make sure they knew about it, Bonnie and Kat would visit eight homes Monday and Tuesday.  Eight ladies who might be in trouble.  If they didn’t attend the event, it might be time to call in Family Services.



Chapter 22
Kat and Bonnie – Welcome Wagon

There would be eight visits.  Bonnie called and made the arrangements.  Could she and Kat Johnson come by to talk about a women’s event at her lodge?  The calls themselves told Bonnie a great deal.  It was Bonnie calling.  Lifelong resident.  Known to all.  Calling about a women’s event.  An event at the Johnson lodge.  What Bonnie should hear on the other end of the line was warmth and enthusiasm.  That’s what she heard six times.  Two times she heard a general welcome, but limited enthusiasm.  The cause might be lots of things.  Maybe Bonnie had offended at some time.  Maybe the “event” was some multi-level marketing come-on to sell essential oils or some new form of indirect robbery.  Bonnie was hearing caution.  She was not hearing “no.”  So she found a time when she would be welcomed, and formed a schedule for herself and Kat.  Three visits Monday afternoon.  Five Tuesday morning.
Kat had a minibus, Bonnie had a car.  Bonnie would drive.  Monday afternoon Kat parked her minibus on Main Street across from the ruins of the bar.  No trouble finding an empty parking space.  No trouble leaving the bus there all day.  There was one car in front of the party store, no cars in front of the restaurant.
Kat got into Bonnie’s waiting car.  Both were silent as they looked down the street.
“Is Jim going to rebuild the bar?”
“He hasn’t said.”  Kat hesitated, then continued.  “We haven’t been seeing much of each other lately.”
“You two need to work that out.  He’s busy.  You’re busy.  I know all the excuses.  I also know nights are long.  They shouldn’t be spent alone.”  Kat didn’t reply.  Bonnie gave a short laugh and then patted Kat’s hand.  “Sorry.”
Bonnie talked background as she drove to each of the homes.  The woman’s name, her maiden name, her parents and her grandparents.  Oddly, often the grandparents were the most interesting.  Kat asked about the kids.  Any between eleven and thirteen?  Bonnie was less sure about kids’ ages.  “They grow so fast.  One day they are in kindergarten, the next day in Little League.”
Homes?  One in Amberg, just down the street from the bar.  One just outside Pembine.  Six scattered along county roads.  People bought five acres or forty acres and put a simple house in the middle of trees.  Inside, all the women had cleaned, and all had made cookies and coffee.
Bonnie was the familiar face.  All the women remembered her from school.  They had been a few years behind her, or a few years ahead of her, but they reached back to those years.  Bonnie had been a cheerleader.  She and Dave had been in the homecoming court.  Bonnie remembered women who had had a part in a school play, or marched in the band.  All those links were reestablished.  Kat was used as the cause.  Both Bonnie and their hostess constantly turned to Kat, beaming as they retold their school days.  “You should have seen Bonnie if Dave scored a bucket.  You have never seen pompons worked so hard.” or “Krista had the best voice.  She always got a solo when the chorus did a concert.”
What Kat also noticed was that all of them had been out of school for at least a decade, yet school was still the main connector.  For these eight, the intervening years had meant brief sightings at a store or a restaurant, maybe attendance at someone’s wedding, but no close encounters.  Kat thought they could be labeled acquaintances, maybe even friends, but not close friends.  For starters, Bonnie had only been to one of their homes before.
So words came, fairly comfortably, and they included updates about kids and husbands, but Kat thought all were happy to have Kat in the room – someone new, something new, a chance at a new connection.  They certainly shifted the conversation to Kat soon enough.  A two minute bio – army officer retired, workshop business, the lodge.  Then they moved on to Saturday afternoon.  A gathering.  A break in January routines.  Local women – maybe twenty, maybe twenty five.  A chance to see Kat’s place.  A chance to meet Kat.  A chance to share a few glasses of wine.
The interest was there.  The right questions.  What to bring, what to wear, when to arrive who else would be coming?  Even the two who had initially been cautious seemed to warm to the idea.  
Visits stretch on.  Bonnie had allowed forty five minutes for each, and was open about her schedule.  She wanted Kat to meet some other people to help get the word out.  So… But there always seemed one more memory to revisit, or one more question to ask.  The reasons were obvious enough.  Nights were long, days were short, homes were empty with the kids at school.  Empty and quiet.  And the woods that surrounded the homes, well, they seemed to go on forever.  So, old friend, new friend, a break in the longest month in the year…  They were still talking as Kat and Bonnie put on coats and backed to the car.
Evaluations as they drove away?  Yes, one woman seemed to be wearing pretty heavy makeup, but there could be lots of reasons for that.  Three of the women had children in Kayli’s age range, but if they said that, then they weren’t hiding anything, were they?  None of the women were wearing shoes – after all, they were indoors, but when Kat and Bonnie had taken their own boots off, they had seen women’s boots sitting on whatever mat had been left by the door for that purpose.  Houses were neat.  The women appeared healthy.
Eight visits, eight invitations, eight women who seemed eager to attend.  If they were hiding anything, they were hiding it well.  Maybe they would hide it less well at the gathering.



Chapter 23
Wine and Whine

It seemed simple in concept.  Twenty or twenty five women over for a couple glasses of wine.  There would be the eight women Bonnie had some concerns about, but another dozen just to round things out.  Kat always kept the lodge clean, but she spent three days going over the whole lodge again.  She also bought five cases of white wine.  Ed at the party store was pleased.  As for invitations, Kat invited Lois and Marie – the two women who ran the Amberg restaurant and did the catering for her workshop weekends, making sure they understood they were invited as guests, not as caterers.  Clean lodge, full wine bar, guests invited, Kat was pretty sure she was ready for company.
Who invited everyone else?  Bonnie had made some calls.  She heard excitement.  She had lengthy conversations with old friends.  It was January – people had time to talk.  Maybe, she thought later, she had not been as clear as she might have been when inviting her friends.  Yes, it was a gathering.  Yes, it would be fun.  No, she did not ever mention that her guests should not tell others.
So.  They never got a final count.  Fifty for sure, maybe eighty.  The event was from three to five.  Women began arriving at two thirty.  Dress was to be casual.  Kat wore jeans and a sweater – a nice sweater, but still, just a sweater.  She was the most informally dressed woman at the event.  Snacks were suggested.  At least twenty women brought Nesco cookers as if they were going to a potluck.  Food was everywhere.
Envisioning a small, informal gathering, they had agreed that Kat would greet at the front door, and Bonnie would handle the wine.  In less than half an hour, it was obvious that wasn’t going to work.  Kat hung the first few coats on the stand by the door, then took the next coats to place on her bed, and then gave up and just pointed women down the hall to her room.  
Boots.  Women wear boots in January, but they don’t wear them indoors.  There were several mats just inside the front doors where visitors normally drop their boots.  The mats filled, then the entryway filled, then boots were dumped all along one wall.
Kat did welcomes, handshakes, and hugs for about the first twenty minutes, and then was needed here and there – more outlets for the hot pots?  Any other place for coats?  Which bathrooms could they use?  Were there more wine glasses somewhere?  Who did the taxidermy on the musky in the dining room?  It was getting too warm – could she turn off the fireplace?  The fireplace was so beautiful, could she turn it back on?
Kat saw Bonnie was just as overwhelmed.  She had given up pouring wine.  She just opened one bottle after another, set them out, and got out of the way.  As for questions, Bonnie had never been to the lodge before, so she pointed vaguely in one direction or another, and hoped for the best.
What saved the afternoon was Lois and Marie.  They had both worked in that kitchen for years.  They set some of the food around the huge kitchen work table, and some of the food around the dining room table, and put out various dishes in the great room.  They found plates.  They found glasses.  They helped women set up their pot luck treasures, and directed traffic.  To the extent that the afternoon had any order at all, they were responsible.
Kat had envisioned a quiet afternoon, women sipping wine, nestled deeply in the leather chairs of the great room.  Conversation.  It would be pleasant to talk about events in town, and who knew, maybe something would be said that would help lead to Kayli.  Did it go that way?  No.
Women were too excited.  They wanted to stand.  They wanted to talk.  To be heard, they had to shout.  They wanted to see the lodge – all of it.  They wandered on their own.  And finally Kat did what they wanted her to do – she gave tours.  She would find herself in conversation with two or three women, offer to show them around, and suddenly there would be a dozen women following her from room to room.  Ten minutes.  She was pretty sure she could introduce each of the rooms, including the second floor, in ten minutes.  But she’d walk into a room, the women would follow, and suddenly there was this mass of women between her and the exit.
And there were questions.  Lots of questions.  Details.  Why were there so few books in the library?  Because it wasn’t really a library, that’s where the men went to play poker.  How many bathrooms were in the lodge?  One for each bedroom.  Who cleaned them?  Kat.  Ten minutes became twenty.  Finally Kat just broke off the tour and returned to the great room.  Obviously a dozen other women now wanted their tour.  Kat did three more tours, then noticed that two of the women, having been on a tour, were now giving their own tours.  Kat was relieved.
Sometime after four, there seemed to be less motion in the lodge.  Women had put their food out, and filled a plate for themselves.  Most had been on a tour, or at least wandered the lodge on their own.  Bonnie had put out an endless stream of wine bottles, and glasses had been refilled – often more than once.  Women began to sit.  The brown leather chairs were soft, and large, and comfortable.
Kat sat as well, a wine glass in her hands.  The minute she took a seat, all the seats around her were full.  She ended up talking to two women from Amberg and three from Wausaukee, all friends from high school.  They wanted to bring her up to date on the high school – she heard pride – the band, the senior play, the basketball team, Legion ball in the summer.  They wanted to know about her.  Kat did the usual two minute bio – high school in Middleton, college at Madison, basketball team, then army.  There were more questions about the army than she expected.  It turned out with so few local jobs, lots of men, and now women, served.  Kat mentioned being deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan but didn’t provide any details.  They mentioned locals who had been to one or both.
Five o’clock came, and no one made any effort to go anywhere.  There was food, there was wine, there were friends.  Outside was January.  Why go there?  Kat didn’t mind.  She got up to get some food, then sat with another group of women.  More talk.  This time about her weekend workshops.  What did she include?  Kat listed a quick eight or ten.  A couple women chuckled about having to “learn” to hunt deer.  They had gone off hunting with their father or mother at ten.  But they liked the general idea of women getting outdoors, all of them wishing they had more time.
At six, Bonnie decided she would take over.
“Ladies.”  Not much happened initially, so she started banging a fork on the side of a wine bottle.  “Ladies.”  Now she got their attention.  “As we end this evening, I suggest we thank our hostess.”  The women applauded, and many added “Thank you” as they clapped.
Kat stood.
“I thank you all for coming.  Winters are pretty cold.  It’s nice to gather with friends, and better yet to make some new ones.  I appreciate your taking the time to drive out here, and I certainly appreciate the food.  We know this town has some great cooks.”  She smiled, they applauded, she sat again.  Bonnie’s turn.
“As you gather up the dishes you brought, please take your plates and glasses back to the kitchen.  Thanks again for coming.  How about one more thank you to Kat for a wonderful evening.”
There was applause, and then general movement.  Bonnie helped take some things into the kitchen, and that started the movement in that direction.  Kat strolled to the front door to await those finally ready to leave.
Leaving was more complicated than arriving – and took longer.  Not only did women have pots and dishes to take with them, but they had to find their coats somewhere in Kat’s bedroom, and their boots somewhere on Kat’s floor.  And they seemed in no hurry.  Those who finally were ready to leave now stood and talked to Kat about this and that, mostly praising the lodge.  Hugs went on forever.  Eventually, a few actually opened the door and left.
Kat had not been at the door when all had arrived, but she stayed at the door now.  And she counted.  She had met eight women on Monday and Tuesday.  Eight women Bonnie was concerned about.  Eight women who had received a personal invitation.  Kat had a mental checklist, and checked off each woman as she left.  There were lots of good reasons to host the local women, something Kat probably should have done years before.  But the primary reason for this night was eight women – women who either were free to leave their homes, or were not.  Those special women got a longer hug, and a check mark.  
Eight times.  All eight women had attended, and all eight women were now leaving with food and smiles and hugs.  Kat made a point of talking with each - holding them in a hug, letting them pass on anything private they might wish to say.  They said the same thing as all the other women – the lodge was beautiful, they had a great time, they though Kat was a marvel for hosting them.  Smiles, hugs, and out the door.
Most of the women were gone by seven.  But several wished to “help.”  Two of them actually washed dishes and glasses, and one of them asked about the vacuum cleaner – she wished to vacuum the great room.  It was almost eight when the last woman was gone.  Lois and Marie did a final check on the kitchen to make sure everything was where it belonged, and they joined the last women out the door.
Kat dropped into a chair.  Bonnie sat next to her.  
“I swear I only called a dozen women.”
“It wasn’t the quiet conversation we might have had, but it worked.  All eight women attended.  I spent a minute with each at the door.  If they were under some pressure, they didn’t tell me about it, and they didn’t appear stressed.”
“You did more than that, Kat.”  Bonnie reached over from her chair, and took Kat’s hand.  “You gave women a break from the darkness of January, you gave them an interesting place to go, and you gave them a chance to talk to women they might not have talked to for years.  You built bridges.  If any of these women are having trouble at home, you made it easier for them to reach out.”
“Thank you.  But we didn’t solve the Kayli problem.”
“No.  We didn’t solve the Kayli problem.  But maybe we eliminated several suspects.  That helps, doesn’t it?”
“Bonnie, I’m scared we’re not going to solve this one.  I see her face in my memory – that terrified little girl face – and I want to solve this.”
“I’ll tell Dave how tonight went.  Maybe he will have some fresh ideas.  And you get some sleep.  Sometimes things are clearer in the morning.  Now.  Stand up.  Let me give you a hug.”
Bonnie barely made it to Kat’s chin.  But she gave good hugs.  They stood together, holding each other tight.  Then Bonnie found her coat and boots and stepped out into the dark.  
Kat watched her drive off, red taillights fading into the night.  And, the huge lodge that had been so crowded was now empty.  And cold despite the best efforts of two furnaces.  January.  No question.  Not the best month for northern Wisconsin.
Kat stood at the door.  Some time in front of the fireplace?  Or to bed?  Initially, she did neither.  She walked the rooms, checking to see if plates or glasses had been left behind.  She walked the rooms.  She glanced around, not really expecting to see forgotten plates.  She was just walking.  Walking through an empty lodge.  She felt good about how the event had gone, and somewhat embarrassed that she hadn’t held such an event years earlier.  It had been the right thing to do, Kayli or no Kayli.  
And now?  Somehow the lodge had never felt so empty, or sounded so quiet.  Or so isolated.  Surrounded by hundreds of acres of woods.  Across from a small lake with no other residents.  Surrounded by January.  Ice cold.  Black.  Night pressed against the huge windows of the lodge.  She stood in the great room.  Great room, small woman.
Enough.  She went to bed.



Chapter 24
Bowling with Jim

Jim called in the morning.  Short call.  Would she like to go bowling that afternoon?  Him, her, his two boys.  She said “yes”, and that pretty much ended the conversation.  She spent the rest of the morning wondering why she had said “yes.”  Their last conversation had been on her driveway as he leaned against his truck and laced his boots – while they argued about Lisa. Such conversations were often the final conversation in a relationship.  And it had certainly been a while since he had made any effort to contact her.  It had certainly felt like they were done.  They had been “done” several times before, but this time it seemed like they were really done.
So why say “yes”? 
First, he had reached out.  The guy was making an effort.  There was much about him that really annoyed Kat, and that fight over Lisa had been well over the line.  But.  He was trying.  That was worth something, wasn’t it?  
Second, he had invited her bowling.  And it mattered.  Not for the bowling.  Not something she cared about.  On a list of ways she would choose to enjoy a Sunday afternoon, bowling might make the list, but probably down on the third or fourth page.  But.  Jim bowled with his boys on Sunday.  She was being invited to join them.  Not a small thing.  Since his divorce five years earlier, Jim had been cautious about the boys.  Their parents might not be together any more, but they would not fight in front of the boys, nor would they bring anyone they were dating near the boys.  No thoughts of – “this is your new mother (or father).”  The boys had one mother.  One father.  Five years.  Kat had spent an occasional afternoon with the boys, but the key word was “occasional.”  An invitation to bowl with Jim – and the boys – was a rare treasure.  This invitation was about more than an afternoon together.  It implied a different relationship.  
Third, he had said he would pick her up.  That meant she would not have to drive her minibus to Wausaukee, the minibus with the heater that produced no heat.  More importantly, it might mean he intended to bring her back and spend the evening with her.  She wanted that.  She had to admit, she wanted that pretty badly.  Sometimes the brain thinks, but hormones make the decisions.
She had the morning to get ready.  Food.  Could she feed him?  She found her refrigerator was filled with leftovers from the gathering.  Nice of the ladies.  Thoughtful.  Wine?  One case had never been opened, and three bottles were left in the other.  So, she could host him.  And her?  Her hair was long overdue for a trip to the Wausaukee Cut and Curl, but with some serious work with a comb, she got it to do mostly what she wanted it to do.  Makeup?  Some, carefully applied.
Bowling meant comfortable jeans, and she had a fairly new pair.  Sweater?  Yes, but she found a nice blouse to wear under it.  Maybe if it got warm in the bowling alley, the sweater could come off.  The blouse flowed to her hips, the material was some synthetic with a bit of sheen, the cut relaxed, but not too relaxed.  It would show him what she wanted him to see.  If he spent the evening, she had even more things he might like.
Kat was ready a full hour before his arrival time.  She ate a quick lunch.  Then she brushed her teeth again, and checked her hair again.  Still time to wait.  It wasn’t like a first date.  But it was the potential restart to their on again, off again relationship.  Bowling with the boys.  That implied many things, all of them important.  She took a chair by the front windows, and watched.
He arrived early.  Good sign.  He was quickly out of his truck and strode to her door.  When she came out, he hugged her – in front of his boys.  Kat could see them staring out the back windows of his crew cab.  
“I missed you.”  He held her.  No quick kiss and a rush through the January air to the truck.  He held her.
“I missed you too, Jim.”  She stood with her arms up on his shoulders, not sure what came next.  
“I’ve got some things I’d like to talk to you about.”
“Okay.”  She didn’t move.  He didn’t move.  She wondered what came next.
“We’ll talk this evening.”  Big smile, and he went back to his truck.  Kat followed. 
She was curious about the “talk,” but once in the truck, she was immediately stressed by the boys.  Alf and Zeke.  One ten, the other twelve.  How were they reacting to her inclusion in their afternoon with their dad?  How were they reacting to his very public display at her door?  What could she day to them?  Bowling.  She decided to keep it simple.  Kat smiled, turned and asked them about their bowling scores.  This was the moment that scared the hell out of Kat.  Were they upset that she was joining them?  Were they upset their father was seeing her?  Did they see her as competition for his attention?  Competition for their mother?  What was going on in those pubescent heads?  Kat held her breath and waited.
They wanted to talk bowling scores.  Some sibling rivalry – Zeke (the younger) had beaten Alf (the older) the Sunday before.  Also some pride in their father.  He had bowled a 260.  Somewhere in all that description of past outings, Kat started to breathe again.
The Wausaukee Bowl was a million years old, but still going strong.  The gravel lot was already filled with pickup trucks when Jim squeezed into a spot next to a huge snow pile.  Inside, he took his usual lane surrounded by people using their usual lanes.  Two o’clock Sunday afternoon.  There had been church, then a big lunch at the Wausaukee Café, then an afternoon with the kids.  Everyone knew everyone.  Kat needed to rent shoes, and find a ball, but everyone else came equipped.
Three games.  Paper score sheets.  Automated scoring had not come to Wausaukee yet.  But there was a flashing light above the pins for every strike.  Alf kept score, with Zeke watching over his shoulder.  Jim was an athlete.  Forward on the only state championship basketball team Wausaukee had ever put on court.  He had been recruited by D-3 schools, but he wanted to attend UW Madison, so he walked on, played some JV for a couple years, and then just played pickup games in the evening.  Not tall enough, or fast enough for D-1, but he was an athlete.  
It showed.  The big red light above the pins announced strike after strike.  He didn’t hit 260 this time, but he was over 200 every game.  The boys?  They weren’t as good, but they had good form.  Their arms swung free, their left foot slid just to the line, they never tried to slam the ball down the alley.  They already had a natural curve to their ball.  They weren’t over 200 yet, but they would be.
Kat?  Kat was an athlete too.  Division 1 women’s basketball.  Years playing on army teams.  Bowling?  Here and there.  First game she barely broke a hundred.  Second game she approached two hundred.  Third game, she and Jim alternated strikes.  Athletes compete.  They competed.  They both took time to celebrate every strike or spare the boys made, but when either Kat or Jim got up to bowl, the two of them looked at each other, staring as if they were watching an opponent at the free throw line.  They each wanted to win.
The boys got into it.  “Daddy’s losing to a girl.”  And friends from adjoining lanes took time to watch.  And it was close.  Kat was getting strike after strike, as was Jim.  In a former time, Kat would have known it was her job to lose.  Let the boy win.  Standard girl advice on any playground.  She looked at Jim and wondered – would it hurt worse to lose to her, or to think she had purposely lost to him?  When she got up for the tenth frame, there was a bit of a staring contest.
“Think you can do it?”  His head was up and his shoulders back.  She thought he must have been deadly at the free throw line.
“I know I can.”
“Then show us.”  And suddenly she saw something else in his face.  He wanted her to do it.  He was her teammate.
She rolled that ball as perfectly as she had ever rolled a bowling ball.  And – she left a 7-10 split.  She turned, expected laughter, or at least some clever comment.  And all she saw was concern.  She waited for her ball to return, an incredibly long wait, then took out the ten pin and sat.  Jim didn’t do much better, but he got a spare and ended up winning by seven pins.
They spent about another hour in the bowling alley.  Jim bought a pizza at the snack bar, and the boys ate almost all of it.  People stopped by to say “hello.”  Most talked to a Jim, but there were a few women who had been at Kat’s gathering the day before.  There were kind words, and thanks.
And then came the highlight of the afternoon.
Kat said, “I thought I might beat you.”
“It was close.  Maybe next time you will.  One thing I know for sure, if there’s ever a couple’s league, you and I will own Wausaukee Bowl.”
They finished the pizza and got the boys loaded back up in the truck.  Kat caught Jim’s eye, communicating as best she could – couple’s league.  Get me back to the lodge – you are definitely getting laid tonight. 



Chapter 25
A Necessary Conversation

Jim left the boys at his ex-wife’s house.  Kat was careful.  Crystal was instantly out the front door to greet the boys – and to watch every move Kat made.  Crystal was jealous of her position with the boys, and Kat didn’t object to that in the least.  Crystal was their mother.  They were her boys.  But where did that leave Kat?  Could she hug the boys as they got out of the truck?  Could she smile and say something nice?  Did she just stand there as they hugged their dad?  In the end, she patted each on the shoulder and told them they were getting to be really good bowlers.  Crystal watched her every move.  Then as the boys walked to the house, Crystal waved to Jim, and smiled – yes, smiled – at Kat.
“She seems friendly.”  Kat wasn’t sure what else to say as they drove away.  One more place where she was careful - commenting on Crystal.
“She has been dating the city manager.  She says it is getting serious.  She didn’t say anything, but I think she expects a proposal.”
“So she is happy.”
“She is also changing the rules.  If she can remarry, I can remarry.  How that impacts the boys is still to be determined.  But I guess she figures it can be worked out.”
“Oh.”  Now Kat had one more place to be careful.  He had proposed to her once, over a year ago, then backed off.  The fact that he might be free to marry her did not mean he would.  She had not even given it any thought – at least not recently.  She liked the idea of being back with him, but her idea of “back with” meant sharing a bed one or two nights a week.  Should she be thinking about more?  She wasn’t sure.  And at the moment, she would leave that conversation alone.  It was his job to ask, her job to decide.
As they drove north to her lodge, she thought there were a couple moments where he was getting ready to ask her, or at least start that conversation, but in the end, he said nothing.  Kat filled the silence with comments about the boys – nice looking, natural athletes, friendly.  It seemed the right thing to say.  Fortunately, it was all true.  And it filled the time to her lodge.
Once home, things just seemed to flow.  They dropped their boots in the entryway, hung their coats on the coat tree by the door, and then they just kept undressing.  It was like a race.  Everything ended up in a pile in her bedroom floor.  She paused long enough to pull on a long satin nightgown, but then they were in bed, going at it.
And it was over.  He climaxed incredibly fast.  Slam, bam, thank you mam.  They were both sweating and out of breath, but still, it was incredibly brief.  The fastest ever.  Frankly, too fast.  Fortunately, he saved the moment by doing nothing.  He stayed on her, resting on his elbows, his face over hers, his cock still in her.  And he looked at her.  He played a bit with her hair, and he kissed her, but mostly he just hovered over her face, and looked at her.  Foreplay, but after.
“I missed you.”  Something he might have said earlier, but at least he was finally saying it.
“I missed you too.”  Kat was running her fingers over his back and down to his ass.  
“You had Lisa.”
Okay.  That came out of left field.  And only after he had fucked her.  Did he think the name “Lisa” might interrupt things?  If so, he was right.  Kat studied his face.  Where was he going with this?  Jealous?  Angry?  No, as she looked up at him, she thought maybe curious, maybe hurt.
“How much should we say about her?”
“Let’s start with the main point.  Will she be back?”
“I don’t know.”  It was an interesting way to have a conversation.  Looking up at him.  It gave him some measure of control.  She didn’t object.  One of the things she had always liked about him was his strength, and his willingness to take charge.  If they were going to work through “Lisa,” maybe it was best this way.
“She went off to wherever she goes when she loses it.  She had plenty of reasons to lose it.  She killed Ron Klein.  She was absolutely out of her mind then.  I saw her face as she did the shooting.  She said later she wanted more bullets in her gun.  I believe it.  It took me a couple days to get her settled, but then I took her to the Kayli service.  That was too much for her.  It was nearly too much for me – the emptiness, the absences, the tired words from a tired man.  She lost it after the service.  Maybe I should have gone after her, but I didn’t.”
“And if she came back?”
Strange question to answer while on your back, as a man’s dick slowly slides out of you.  Kat waited, and watched.  He didn’t move.  He would wait.  In a sense, she admired that.  He was going to pursue this.  And pursue her.  He wanted – and needed – an answer.
“What if she came back to you, Jim?”
“So, you want to know more about that.”
“Yes.”
“She’s attractive, Kat.  She applied for a job, and yes, I used that as an excuse to visit her.”
“Just a visit?”
“Two nights.  Dinner in Iron Mountain.”
“And the bondage?”
This was the first time Kat saw Jim hesitate.  But he stayed over Kat.  He wasn’t going to dodge – or lie.
“She wanted that.  She got into a night gown, gagged herself, and came to me with some rope, her hands already behind her back.  She wanted it.  I did it.”
“She wanted it from me too.  I didn’t.”
“I don’t know that it changed anything.  She got under me, and we had sex.  It really didn’t seem to matter.”
“It mattered to her.”
“Yes.  Just so you know, when we were done, she didn’t want me to untie her.  I think maybe I was supposed to leave her that way.  I untied her when I left the next morning.”
“And you never went back?”
“No.”
“You are such an asshole.”
“What was I supposed to do?”  Kat saw anger in his face, but also confusion.  He really was confused about how he should have responded.
“She was looking for someone.  She needed someone.  You could have stayed with her.”
“I gave her a job.  I spent a year dealing with her moods and her absences.  I was a good boss.  I wasn’t ready to be her lover.  Are you?”
Fair question.  Not a fair time to ask it.  His body was warm, his hands were on her cheeks, his face hovered above hers.  He was a good looking man.  He was amazing in bed.  Not this time, but every other time.  And he was here.  He was hers.  He was waiting.
“Jim, we have been lovers for three years.  You have to know you’re the one I want.”
“Should I propose again?”
“You should tell me you love me, and want me.  Maybe spend more time with me.  That’s what I want.  And maybe more foreplay.”
The next hour consisted of kissing, fondling, wrestling, and a very long shower.  And, he told her many times he loved her.



Chapter 26
Jim has an Idea

Jim dressed quickly after the shower.  Kat sent him off to open a bottle of wine, and wait for her.  She wanted time to dress.  She wanted him to wait and want.  She wanted time to think – and to settle herself.
She sat at her dressing table.  Hair and makeup.  And time.  He was the one.  On again, off again, but always back on again.  He was the one.  Maybe his wife’s situation had changed.  Maybe Kat would be allowed a new relationship with Jim – and with his boys.  Maybe she would just have him around more.  More nights.  More evenings by the fire.  More Jim.  She liked the idea.
She had a dress she’d been saving.  Green print.  Off the shoulder.  Flared skirt just past the knees – on the models.  On her five eleven frame, it barely reached her knees.  She thought Jim would like that.  It was some synthetic material – glossy and light.  It flowed around her.  It moved as she came to him.  Funny, as she crossed the great room, she felt a bit bashful.  Shy.  Her finger tips brushing the skirt.  
He was seated by the fireplace, a bottle of wine open, two glasses poured.  His attention on her.  She watched him as she crossed the room.  And, more importantly, he watched her.  And he said the one word she hoped to hear – “Wow.”
She sat close, sliding her skirts into place, which is to say, sliding her hands over her skirts while he watched.  He quickly had a glass of wine in her hand and an arm around her shoulders.
“Kat, you are one beautiful woman.”
“Thank you.”
She had his undivided attention.  She noticed his wine glass quickly went off to a table so he had another hand to put on her.  This one decided her skirt should slide a bit higher.  Maybe more than a “bit.”
“I’ll make dinner for you in a while.  Lots of women left food last night.  I could microwave leftovers all week.”
“I can wait.  My plan is to get you very drunk, and then have my way with you.”
“My plan is to encourage you.”
A fair amount of fondling went on for a while, and then Kat changed the mood.
“Jim, I’m happy to be your lover.  Am I also going to be your bartender?”
Jim took a long time to answer.  The delay probably communicated more than his words.  Whatever decision he had made – or was making – was not an easy one.
“I grew up in that bar.  Dad had other businesses, but that bar was his biggest business for the early part of his life.  He loved that place.  And he had me up there working for him long before I was legal age.  I cleaned, I stocked, I rolled half barrels into place.  And if he was busy, I got a guy another beer.  No matter that I was twelve.  I worked there all the way through college.  I can tell you stories…  But now?  Dad will never work again.  I am teaching and coaching.  I have boys I see maybe two nights a week, and a lover I never see enough.”
“Those are all good reasons to close the place.”  Kat had put her own wine glass down, and was holding his hand.  “Now for the reasons to rebuild.”
“You know what they are.  The same reasons in fifty crossroad towns in rural Wisconsin.  The local school goes first.  Then the church.  When the local bar goes, it’s all over.”
“You could sell it.”
“Who would buy it?  You know how much money the place made in a day.  No bank would issue the loan.”
That pretty much ended the bar conversation.  Kat rested her head on his shoulder, and the two of them stared into the fire.  Was there a way to resurrect the bar?  Kat couldn’t think of one.  So they sat.  His arm was warm around her shoulders, and his hand was doing nice things with her skirt.  Time passed.  Finally Kat pulled herself away.
“Let me fix something for dinner.”
“I’ll help.”  
And he actually did.  Jim set the table, but also arranged the chairs and adjusted the lighting.  He decided they would eat in the dining room, the wall sconces would be set very low, there would be candlelight, and their chairs would be together at the end of the table.  Kat was very pleased with the job he did.
Meanwhile, Kat sorted through the various containers in her refrigerator.  It was an extra-large refrigerator.  Good thing.  There were over a dozen Tupperware containers left over from the previous night.  Most were cheap, single-use containers that had a little of this and a little of that.  But others were larger and seemed to hold a whole meal.  Mostly casseroles.  Some combination of potatoes and corn and ground beef, or pasta and ground beef, or baked beans and ground beef.  She went with the pasta and ground beef.  Two minutes in her microwave, and she was set.
While it sputtered and turned in her microwave, she noticed the label taped to the side.  Name, address, phone number.  She stepped back to the refrigerator and looked at the other containers.  More labels.  Not all.  But she could quickly spot six or eight with names and phone numbers.  So.  They were to be returned.  Phone calls, conversations, likely return visits as women offered to come for their Tupperware.  Clever.  They would have one more time in the lodge, and one more conversation.  Kat thought about it, and decided she didn’t mind.  If the point of the gathering was to meet people, well, she was going to meet them again.  
Kat found a serving dish and brought the pasta meal to the dining room.  Jim seated her, she served his food.  Very formal.  He had refilled their wine glasses, and they even toasted.  The pasta?  A little salty.  A bit overcooked.  But edible.  And unimportant.  What mattered, Kat decided, was the candlelight flickering across her bare shoulders, and how often Jim looked in her direction. And looked down the front of her dress.  She sat with her chin up, her shoulders back, and the top half of her chest glowing in the candlelight.  And she smiled when he looked at her.  She knew she looked pretty good.  She was pretty sure where the conversation would go.  Except it didn’t.
“How many women did you have here last night?”
“We didn’t count.  More than fifty.  Less than eighty.”
“It was nice of you to do that.”
“We were plotting.”
“What?”
“It was about Kayli.”  Kat put down her fork.  She had thought he might ask her something else, but, okay, if the conversation was going to be about Kayli, she would give him the whole story.
“We are making no progress finding Kayli’s family.  None.  I thought maybe they were in hiding – doing something illegal.  No luck there.  Almost got killed.  Then Becky Klein said Ron used to lock up her shoes, so she couldn’t escape him.”
“What?”
“That’s what she said.  So I talked to Bonnie Kekkonen – and Dave of course – and we started thinking maybe Kayli’s mother was being held – like Becky had been.  So we visited some women Bonnie had some worries about, and we invited a couple dozen women here, the idea being, any woman who didn’t come might be held by her husband.”
“Who didn’t come?”
“They all came.  We learned nothing.”
“Well, at least you tried.”
His smile was warm, but Kat’s mood had changed.  Somewhere out there Kayli might have a sister or a mother being held.  And she hadn’t made any progress helping them.
“How can a twelve year old child be invisible?  She’s driving a forty year old piece of garbage.  She’s twelve – and driving.  How far could she have come?  Two blocks?  Two miles?  Somewhere close.  Yet no one knows her.  No one misses her.  Why isn’t she in your biology class with the rest of the kids her age?”
“Home schooling.  We have a lot of that in the county.  There is a Baptist congregation in Pembine.  They all home school.  Schools have drugs, and gangs, and people who teach evolution.”  He was obviously unhappy about that group.  But Kat shook her head.
“The church would have noticed.  Maybe she studied at home, but if they have a church, families gather.  A missing child would be noticed.”
“But this child was transgender.”
“What?  Who told you that?  I thought they wanted to keep that confidential.”
“Kat.”  Jim took her hand and lowered his voice.  “Nothing is private in a small town.”
“That should be.  And it changes nothing.”
“Think about it Kat.  It might change everything.   How would that have gone over in a conservative church?  What if they know she is gone, and aren’t unhappy about it?”
“That’s…  That would be awful.”
“Sorry.”
They finished their food in silence, Kat staring down at her plate.  She knew nothing about that church.  They had come to her door one day, but she explained she worked Sundays.  They explained they also met Wednesday nights.  She thanked them and closed her door.  They hadn’t been back.  Could they be the ones?  But really, it could be anyone who home schooled.  A child with gender identify issues.  School might be tough.  Home schooling might seem the answer.
“Can you give me a list of everyone who homeschools?”
“No.”  Jim took her hand again.  “Don’t even think about it, Kat.  Privacy.  They report directly to the state.  Often they home school in the first place because they hate the government.  If the state ever gave up their names, they would have every lawyer in the world going after some poor clerk in Madison.”
“And you wouldn’t know…”
“No, Kat, I really don’t.”
Kat nodded, then stood and took their plates back to the kitchen.  Jim followed with the serving dish and the utensils.
“Kat,” Jim put his things in the sink and wrapped his arms around Kat.  “I admire the way you are working on this.  You are a good person.”
“Thank you.  By the way, you are still getting laid tonight.  I just need to think through this home schooling idea.”
“Glad to hear I’m getting laid.  How about we dance while you think.”  He took her hand and led her in the great room.  He powered up the sound system, put in the “romance” CD, and held her close.
“You just say you want to home school, and that’s it?”  Kat asked his shoulder.  He had four inches on her.  Not many men did.  She always took advantage of his shoulder, since it was so rare that she could.
“Pretty much.  There are companies that provide teaching materials.  Some is on-line, and some comes through the mail.”   Jim had one hand around Kat’s shoulders.  The other alternated between stroking Kat’s hair, and stoking her ass.  Based on sounds she was making, Jim thought Kat appreciated both.
“So…”
“So if you monitored their mailboxes…”
“Okay, I get it.  Finding them will be hard.”
“It might not be too hard.  You could start going to church, or you could stream their church services.”
“What?”  Kat lifted her head.
“Kat, all churches stream their services.  Start with YouTube.  Or just Google search Pembine Baptists.  Maybe they show the congregation.  Maybe she was in church last month.”
“What?”  She stopped and stared at Jim.  And.  For just a moment, she was tempted to run into her office and start doing such a search.  But.  He was still holding her.  And he pulled her tighter.
“Kat…”
“Okay.  Tomorrow.  And thanks.”  She kissed him and whispered how she wanted to thank him.  She took his hand, and led him back to her bedroom.



Chapter 27
Baptists On-Line

The night went really well.  They were good to each other.  They rocked pretty well.  And held each other all night.  It might have been cold outside, but they had no trouble keeping each other warm.  Kat snuggled in his arms.  Jim said all the right things, and touched all the right places.  No question, a very good night.
Then came morning.  Six a.m.  He had to be at school by seven thirty.  It was a half hour drive down from her lodge.  He didn’t have time for more than a quick kiss, and then he was out of bed and into the shower.  Kat followed her breakfast-with-Jim routine.  He showered and dressed, she made his breakfast and packed a lunch.  He had to be out the door by seven.  
But.  This morning Kat wanted to have a particular conversation.  Things had changed the day before, had they not?  He had said Crystal was dating.  That changed things.  Didn’t it?  What might it change?  At dinner they had talked about many things, but not that.  Was now the time for that conversation?  Kat thought it was. 
It was a conversation she prepared for.  It was not unusual for her to wear her nightgown while making his breakfast.  Satin.  Lace.  Elastic in the right places.  She wanted him to see her.  She wanted, well, as always, she wanted to make it clear, yes she had been a military cop, yes she was somewhat large for a woman, and yes too, she was forty six.  Not a sweet young thing.  But still plenty sexy.  That needed to be established.  If they were going to have this conversation.  So this morning, not only did she wear her very short nightgown into the kitchen, but her “robe” was just a matching cover, something over her shoulders and upper arms, but short, satin, and black, just like her night gown.  Her ass was barely covered, and her breasts were only partially hidden by lace.  She was putting on a show.  Here I am, still worth a look.
Here, but also cold.  Half frozen, really.  Bare legs, bare feet.  She stood close to the stove making their oatmeal, stirring the pot and gaining some warmth from the gas burner.  But the lodge was a huge old place, and never really warm.  Certainly not warm for what she was wearing.  Her feet were like ice.  But, this morning they would have their conversation.
And her man?  He had a staff meeting.  Needed to go in early.  He just had time for a cup of coffee.  He said she looked good, slid his hand over her ass, and asked about coffee.  Kat stepped away from the warmth of the stove and got her Kuerig going.  Okay, not as much time as she would have liked, but still some time for her to begin the conversation she wanted.
“You know you are always welcome to use my office.  I know you have work to do in the evenings – paper grading and such, but you could do it here.”
“Thanks.”  He smiled, looked at Kat, and then watched the Kuerig fill his cup.  If he understood the intent of her comment, he showed no sign of it.  Kat kept going.
“It’s not that much farther to drive in the morning, is it?”
“It’s about twenty five …”  At this point Jim finally understood what the conversation was about.  “Living up here would be great, Kat, but I need an apartment for when my boys stay with me.”
“I have six rooms upstairs.”
“But all their stuff, and all your guests…  It would be complicated.”
“Yes it would.”  Kat handed him his coffee mug, facing him as she had faced suspects.  She was going to say some things, and he would say some things, and there would be no nonsense.
“Kat…  Ah…”  Not being completely stupid, Jim set his coffee cup down, and put his hands on Kat’s shoulders.  “I’m booked tonight and tomorrow night.  Basketball practices and another meeting.  But I agree we should talk about next steps.  Wednesday night?”
“Yes.”  She was staring up at him, letting him hold her, but waiting.  Anything else he wanted to say?  Now would be a really good time.  She was wearing next to nothing.  She was in his arms.  Anything special come to mind?  Apparently not. 
He gave her a quick kiss, wrapped his hand around his coffee mug, and he was gone.  Didn’t even wait for Kat to make his lunch.  A kiss, a smile, a hand in her hair, and he was out the door.
Kat made her own coffee and stood by the stove to get warm.  Kat knew he was right.  It was ‘complicated.”  He was busy, she was busy, the boys were busy, their mother had rights.  Not a simple matter.  But not impossible.  Things could be worked out.  They might not ever be perfect, but they could be managed somehow.  Or.  Or things continued as they had for three years.  Two consenting adults who got together one night a week to fuck.  No complaints about the quality of the fucking.  She enjoyed it.  He seemed to enjoy it too.  Maybe that was enough.  Maybe that was all there would ever be.  He would be her part-time man.  Temporary, part-time, partial lover.  Until he found another.  Someone younger.  Someone prettier.  Someone else.
Kat turned off the stove.  She did her controlled breathing – two counts in, three counts out.  She walked to her room, threw her satin sex appeal in the laundry and took a very hot shower.
An hour later – still just barely seven thirty in the morning - she made a fresh pot of oat meal, now standing in wool socks, insulated jeans, and a heavy sweater.  Time for a solid breakfast and some planning.  She didn’t need to plan for Wednesday night.  Unfortunately, she was pretty sure she knew how that would go.  No.  She needed to plan ahead for the weekend.  Back to workshops.  Cross country skiing.  The first workshop for February.  Ten women were signed up.  By Friday she had to cut a pretty good trail up one of the logging roads behind her lodge.  Two day’s work for sure.
So that left maybe three days, maybe just parts of two more to find Kayli’s family.  Yes, she might have time in future weeks, but there would be less time each week as her workshops took over her life.  Three days to accomplish what she hadn’t done in the past weeks.  Starting today.  Starting with a church.
Kat took her oatmeal bowl and coffee into her office.  Her desktop computer had a large screen.  If she was going to look at church services, she wanted a big screen.  And apparently there were plenty of church services to see.  Google got her the website of Pembine Baptist Church and basic information – pastor, service times, current activities.  YouTube gave her services.  They recorded them all.  She could see every service for the last year.  A year.  She thought that might mean fifty two hours of services.  No.  There was both a Sunday service and a Wednesday service, and neither stopped after just an hour.  How many hours might Kat have to review?  YouTube gave her the length of each video.  She didn’t do the math, but it was clear she was faced with over two hundred hours of services.  Ouch.
A plan.  A process.  Kat needed some way to approach the videos.  And, she recognized, she might be staring at hundreds of hours of videos which had no connection at all to Kayli.  She’d call it a long shot, but this was no “shot.”  It was days of work, days that would keep her from any other approach.  But.  Did she have another approach?  Any other way to find Kayli’s family?  No.  So, she refilled her coffee, settled into her office chair, and started looking.
She took the first service slowly.  Yesterday’s service.  They already had it uploaded.  Whoever handled their media presence did good work.  One hour and forty five minutes, already posted to YouTube.  Kat started at the beginning and watched.  Sound muted.  She wanted to see.  How was the service arranged, where was the camera pointed, who got on camera?  She took notes.  An outline.  Pastor, choir, organist, congregation.  Lots of the pastor.  Younger man than she had expected.  Lots of fire.  And some laughter.  Changes in mood, changes in posture, changes in position.  Kat thought he did a pretty good job getting and holding attention.  But.  She wasn’t looking for him, she was looking for the congregation.  And they were on camera.  Reaction shots.  Excitement when the pastor said one thing or another.  Heads nodding, voices raised, people sometime standing and shouting.
So, there was a second camera.  One on the pastor, one on the people.  Operated remotely?  Spliced together later, or controlled at some station in the rear?  Videography.  Someone with some training and talent was managing the video, creating the feed that would go out.  Interesting.  Part of her admired the level of sophistication.  Part of her cursed it.  Since there was a flow back and forth, she couldn’t just search forward for a single moment of people video.  It was interspersed.  She would have to monitor the entire service.  Every service.  Every service for weeks.
YouTube gave her some control.  She could slide ahead.  She would search forward to a view of the congregation, spend a minute searching those faces, then scan ahead again.  The videographer showed some wide angle shots of the whole congregation, and some focused shots of people particularly moved by the words of the pastor or the music of the choir.  Kat scanned forward to the wide angle shots.  Were there kids?  Yes.  Kids the right age?  Yes.  Obviously Kayli would not be there this week, but Kat made herself a diagram of where kids sat in the room.  She froze the video frame and counted heads.  Sixty two congregants.  Four girls roughly the right age.  She marked where each girl sat.
How long did it take her to make notes on that one service?  Almost an hour.  One service.  Almost an hour.  Would the others be quicker?  Yes.  But still, this search process was going to take forever.  Kat paused, gave some thought to quitting, and then loaded the next service.  She would work her way back in time.  Next up – the previous Wednesday night service.  She watched it carefully.  Any major changes from Sunday?  She thought maybe more music.  More work for the choir.  Kat scanned them carefully.  Any young girls in the choir?  No.  Good.  One less place to look for Kayli.  And the congregation?  Bigger.  Seventy three congregants.  Five girls in the approximate age group.  
Kat stopped.  What about boys?  Could Kayli have gone to church as a boy?  Hair pulled back, tie around her neck.  Could she pass as a boy?  Kat drew another seating chart.  Five girls.  Three boys.  She marked where they sat.  The four girls from Sunday sat close to where they had Sunday.  She drew them in.  Maybe she would get lucky.  Maybe families would keep the same seats.
Another cup of coffee, and other service.  Back one Sunday.  Quick look at the choir.  Still no teens.  Good.  The congregation?  Same people.  Same places.  Four girls.  Four boys.  She marked her seating chart.  Kat still had weeks of services to view, but she began to feel a little hopeful.  Kayli had died early in the month.  If her family attended church regularly, it should not take too long to find her.  If they brought her to church with them.  If there was any connection to this church at all.  If.  If Kat wasn’t wasting time.
Back a Wednesday, then back a Sunday.  One more boy on Sunday, one less girl on Wednesday.  She marked her seating chart, then loaded another service.  She was getting closer to the services Kayli might have attended.
Back another week.  Wednesday and Sunday.  One family seemed to sit in a different set of chairs, but the people were the same.  Same boys.  Same girls.  One week closer to the crash.
Back another week.  The week Kayli had died.  Same families.  Same boys.  Same girls.  Kat froze the image and looked carefully.  Any emotions?  Any hidden tears?  Any sense something tragic had happened?  Not that she could see.
Back yet another week.  Kayli would still have been alive.  Same families.  Same boys.  Same girls.  Shit.  Kat froze the video frame and looked everywhere.  Some corner she might have missed?  No.  Some child who sat slouched?  No.  Some face that might have been hidden by a coat or a collar or a scarf?  No.  Kat increased the size of the image and scanned inch by inch.  No Kayli.
Now what?  Lunch.  Kat needed food, she needed to stretch, she needed a reason to continue.  She reheated another Tupperware casserole.  Macaroni noodles, ground beef, and cheese.  Mac and cheese plus?  Some family recipe.  She nuked it and ate it.  One more container with an owner she would have to call.  Later.
Okay.  Time for a pep talk.  Self.  Did you think she would just be sitting in row three, smiling, waiting for you to find her?  The week before she would drive a car into a building, she would be doing normal things?  Sitting with a happy family?  No.  Of course not.  She had run off – bare feet in a stolen car.  Things had been going on.  Things that scared her.  Things that didn’t just happen that week.  Things that went back a ways.  So.  Kat would need to go back a ways.  Kat would need to look at more video.  
Having re-established her motivation, Kat carried another cup of coffee to her office.  She would keep scanning.



Chapter 28
A Blue Dress

Kat never found Kayli, but she found a blue dress.  It was after midnight.  Kat had scanned back months.  She was moving faster.  She knew the families now, where they sat, where each girl sat, where each boy sat.  Her chart showed few variations from week to week.  These people were serious about attending church.  They never missed.
Kat began to feel she could name the kids.  The girls she called Betty and Ann, and Carrie and Francine.  Something about their appearance.  Something about the way they sat or responded to the pastor.  She began to feel she could walk up to each of them on the street and start a conversation.  And to each she wanted to ask, what happened to Kayli?  Why isn’t she here, smiling, looking pretty, being looked at by that boy in the fourth row?
Kat went back week after week.  Same people in the same seats.  Week after week, month after month.  She counted back.  December, November, October, September.  Same people.  Fewer coats.  Then she saw it.  The blue dress.  It was on Betty.  But it was Kayli’s dress.  Blue.   Kayli’s blue.  Half sleeves, buttons up the front, a fairly wide collar that came together with wide and decorative lapels.  A modest dress.  Gathered at the waist, but loose through the bodice.  No tailoring to provide a hint at her figure.  Skirt below her knees.  A church dress for a girl just starting, well, just starting so much new in her life.
Kat had seen Kayli for how long?  A fraction of a second as the car dashed into the pool table and Kayli was tossed into the windshield, then again for a few seconds as she fell out of the car, her head smashed on the concrete.  But that was long enough to hold an image of her.  Kat could recreate every detail.  Her shoulders as Kayli’s head snapped to one side.  Her chest bouncing off the steering wheel.  Her neck loose as she slipped to the side and landed face first on the floor.  And that dress.  The round blue button holding the lapels at her chest.  The blue skirt sliding up her leg.  The collar with an ornamental flare to it, just a bit of an ornamental arc turning quickly white from the ceiling plaster.  Betty was wearing that dress.
Kat magnified the image.  She studied the girl.  She studied the dress.  It was a match.  She was certain.  It was Kayli’s dress.  The same design.  The same color.  Maybe even the same size.
Which meant what?  Two dresses.  Maybe the same store?  Maybe a store in Pembine?  Maybe a clerk who would remember a pretty twelve year old – and her mother.  Yes, it was a stretch, but after weeks of looking, it felt like Kat had at least made some link.  It wasn’t the strongest link, but it was a link.  It was too late in the day for Kat to dance around her office, but it definitely felt like a time to celebrate.
But work first.  Who was Betty?  Kat highlighted Betty and the people sitting close to her.  Presumably her family.  She did a screen capture.  One copy to her printer, one copy to her phone.  It was well past midnight, but Kat was past the point of being courteous.  She texted the image to Dave Kekkonen.  “The dress is identical to Kayli’s.  Who is this girl?”
Dave’s shift ended at midnight, but apparently he hadn’t gone to bed yet.  He phoned Kat immediately.
“Are you sure about the dress?”
“Yes.”
“That’s a church service, right?”
“Yes.”
“The girl is the daughter of Erin and Bryan McKisson.   I don’t know the girl’s name.  He works for the highway department.  She has some sort of home business.  Something on-line.”
“Where do they live?”
“Why?”
“I want to talk to her about where she bought that dress.”
“Maybe I should do that.”
“It’s your case, Dave.  But maybe a woman talking to a woman will get us some information a deputy won’t get.”
“About a dress.”
“Yes.  I just want to know where she bought the dress.  Then I ask the store clerk how many other blue dresses she sold to twelve year olds.”
“They live just west of Pembine on County OO.”
“Thanks, Dave, I’ll tell you what I learn.”
Fifteen minutes before, Kat had been exhausted, her vision blurred from staring at church services.  Now she was too excited to sleep.  Progress.  Maybe.  At least another approach to try.  She stared at her computer.  Betty looked happy.  Sitting with her family.  A pretty girl in a blue dress.  Kat studied her, and the dress, and finally went to bed.  It had been a long day, but a good day.



Chapter 29
The Home of Blue Dresses

Kat woke up with her mind already racing.  Kat had a name and a location.  Erin McKisson.  Did she call, or drive over?  And what did she say?  Hi, I’d like to know where you buy your daughter’s clothes?  How would that go over?  Probably not too well.  Kat worked her way through one approach after another, and in none of them could she imagine a successful answer.  The question was just too odd.
Stumped, Kat decided to work on something else for a while.  Courtesy.  She had eaten the third Tupperware casserole for dinner.  Another woman who had left her name and number.  Courtesy demanded that Kat at least offer to return the empty dish.  In a perfect world, all three would have told her not to bother.  Unfortunately, Kat did not live in a perfect world.  All three cheerily offered to come over to pick up the dish.  In fact, they would be over yet this morning.
So, now Kat would spend the morning saddled with company.  She ran the vacuum over the carpet in the great room, and put on a pot of coffee.  Then she paced.  Erin McKisson.  What did Kat say to her?  How did the conversation go on the phone or on her doorstep?  Nothing came to mind.
Tupperware container number one went to a woman named Joanne.  Thirties, thin, big smile.  Kat had no memory of her at the gathering.  But the woman was an endless fountain of gratitude.  It had been such a great night, so welcoming, so much fun.  She was grateful for all the work Kat had put into the event.  But concerned.  The place was so large.  How could Kat possibly clean a place so large?  Didn’t she need help?  It was fairly clear, fairly soon, that the woman was looking for a job.  She talked about places where she had cleaned – all much smaller than “this beautiful lodge.”  Surely a place this large…  Kat thanked her for the offer, and explained that her workshops only ran weekends, so she had the rest of the week to clean.  But she would keep Joanne in mind should she decide to hire someone.  The woman was halfway out the door before she remembered her Tupperware container, but all in all, there seemed to be no hard feelings.
 Tupperware number two (Britany) was a bigger problem.  Mid-thirties, hair dyed nearly white, she was out of her coat and shoes within minutes of entering the lodge.  Kat hurried to her kitchen to get the container, only to find the woman had already curled up on the couch by the fireplace.  It was barely ten thirty in the morning, and the woman was wearing a little black dress, this one especially little, and getting littler by the moment as the skirt slid up her thigh.  She braced an elbow on the top of the couch, playing with her hair, her feet pulled up under her.
Kat sat on the couch, placing the Tupperware between them.  The woman moved the plastic container out of her way, and slid closer to Kat.  The hand that had been playing with her hair was now caressing Kat’s shoulder.  For the second time that morning, Kat was at a loss for words.  No problem.  The woman came equipped with a large supply.
“I had heard you were an attractive woman.  But you are so much more.  I saw you Saturday night and knew I wanted to spend time with you again.  It was so nice of you to call and arrange for this more private time.”
“I enjoyed your casserole.”
“I’m pleased.”  Now her other hand reached out and took one of Kat’s hands.  She pulled it onto her lap.  “I’m hoping we can become much better friends.  I think we have a great deal in common.  For instance, we both have had a wider range of experiences.”
“You fought in Afghanistan?”
“I meant bedroom experiences.”  Britany hesitated just a moment, then returned to the speech she had prepared.  “We like men.  They certainly have their place.  But there is a special pleasure in the company of women, don’t you think?”
“Britany, I just called to return your Tupperware.”
“And that was kind of you.  I certainly want to thank you for that.”  At that point the hand that had been caressing Kat’s shoulder slid up behind her head and pulled the two of them together.  She kissed Kat, and while holding their heads together, slowly slid backwards, pulling Kat on top of her.  When she was completely on her back, she looked up at Kat and smiled.  “I think we will be good together, Kat.”
“Britany, thank you for the casserole.”  Kat sat up, then stood up.  Britany stayed where she was for a moment, playing with her skirt and watching for a reaction from Kat.  When she didn’t get it, she stood as well.  Kat picked up the Tupperware container and handed it to her.  Britany pushed it back.
“The winters are long, Kat.  Keep this.  One of these long nights, call the number on the side.  Like I said, I think we could be very good friends.”
Kat led the way to the door.  Shoes on, coat unbuttoned, Britany gave Kat a final kiss.  Halfway to her car, she turned to see if Kat was watching her.  Kat wasn’t.
Tupperware number three, Carole, arrived about an hour later.  A gray haired lady in her early fifties, she pulled up in front of the lodge, left her engine running, and just stepped to the door to get her dish and leave.  Kat invited her in, and led her to the kitchen for a cup of coffee.  She had seen the woman’s address – Pembine.
There was a few minutes back and forth about the gathering – lots of fun, beautiful location, nice thing to do in January – and some compliments on Carole’s casserole.  Then Kat got to the point.
“Would you happen to know the McKissons?”
“Not well, but I see them out and about from time to time.”  They were sitting across from each other at the huge work table.  Kat refilled Carole’s coffee.
“I walked into a discussion Saturday, you know how that is, and I just heard part of what was being said.  They have a daughter who did something special?”
“Olivia.  She is about twelve I guess, maybe thirteen.  They grow so fast.  The family homeschools, so I don’t think Olivia got any sports or extra-curricular awards.  But Olivia is working part-time in her mother’s business.  Maybe she did something special there.”
“What’s her business?”
“She designs and sews clothes.  Women’s wear.”  
Kat worried her eyes had just bugged out.  Women’s fashions.  Girls’ dresses?
“That must have been it.  Can you imagine how interesting that would been for a young girl?  She could make her own clothes, and maybe clothes for her friends.”
That led to another ten minutes of talk about teens and first jobs and women’s fashions.  And Kat enjoyed the conversation.  She liked Carole.  She was using Carole, trying to learn more about the McKissons, and she felt badly about that, but still, it felt good to sit in her kitchen and talk with the lady.  When they finally walked out to her car, Kat invited Carole to come back any time, and she meant it.
Ten minutes after Carole was gone, Kat was in her minibus headed north.  She thought she had a reasonable way to start a conversation with Erin McKisson.  And maybe with Olivia.
The McKisson house was easy enough to find.  It was less than a mile out of Pembine, and besides “McKisson” on the mailbox, there was a sign rising just above the snow banks announcing “McKisson Tailoring and Fashions.”  The house was up a narrow drive.  Every house built in Marinette County over the recent past seemed to use the same set of blueprints, and this house was no exception.  Kat was pretty sure she could guess the dimensions.  Ranch.  Twenty four feet deep.  Probably forty feet long.  Four/twelve pitch on the roof.  Attached two car garage.  Kitchen to the left, bedrooms to the right.  Small porch out front.  
Kat parked near the door and climbed the steps.  Erin McKisson was already at the door as Kat crossed the small porch.
“Hello.  May I help you?”  McKisson was in full sales mode.  Pleasant smile.  Ready to help.  And she looked like she could.  Medium height, medium build, solid.  Something about her posture said she knew what she was doing.  Hair done reasonably well, face open and inquisitive.
“My cousin’s daughter is about to turn twelve.  I would like to buy her a dress.”
“Please, come in.”
The front room was used as an office/work room/show room.  There was a rack of dresses that extended across one wall for eight or ten feet.  Adjacent was a large cutting table, material spread across it, a stack of patterns on one corner.  Two sewing machines were along the front windows.  Olivia sat at one of them, looking up at her mother and Kat.
“This is my daughter Olivia.  She is learning to sew, and even does a bit of designing.”  Kat remembered her from all the pictures she had seen of her in church.  Easy smile, blue eyes, sandy hair pulled back from her face by two barrettes.  No idea a boy sitting two rows behind her never took his eyes off her.  She waved to Kat, then turned back to what she was sewing.
“I wish I had learned to sew as a girl.”
“Yes, you are so tall, I bet you have to custom tailor all your outfits.”
“Mostly I am just in jeans and sweaters.”  Somehow Kat could feel a sales pitch coming on.
“You are what – five eleven?”
“Exactly.”  Kat was impressed.  She was exactly right.
“For nicer occasions, you really should consider something tailored for you.  Oddly enough, that is what we do here.”  Big smile, a sales pitch, but limited pressure.
“I may have to talk to you about that.  But for the moment, my cousin’s daughter.”
“Yes.  Have a seat.”  She pointed to a pair of chairs in a corner.  Dainty lattice back, round, teal fabric seat, chairs for women.  “Did you have a particular style in mind?”
“Yes.  She’s going to be twelve.  Not sixteen, not eighteen.  Twelve.  Just seventh grade.  I understand you have some designs that work for that age.  Not the froufrou things we put on six year olds, and not the spandex things we put on girls for prom.  I want a dress she would not be embarrassed to wear to church.”
Erin nodded through Kat’s description.  She also glanced over and smiled at her daughter.  Her daughter looked up, nodded, and went back to her sewing.
“I feel as you do, and I have several designs I am very proud of.  We are Christians in this house, and believe women should be respected, not drooled over.  Here.  Let me show you.”  She rose and took two dresses from her rack.
“Olivia, do you mind?”
Olivia took the dresses from her mother and stood holding them against herself.  It was obvious she had held such dresses many times.  One hand held the top of the dress near her neck, the other arm pulled the dress against her waist.  She held one in front, then the other.  The designs were essentially the same.  Button front, elastic at the waist, one collar shaped a bit differently than the other, but both collars led down to large lapels closed by a cloth covered button.  One was forest green.  One was pale blue.  One was Kayli’s dress.  A perfect match.
“They are both exactly what I had in mind.  I’m not sure which one to pick.”
“Well, you can always take them both.”  Big smile.  Erin was in full sales mode.  She stood to one side and looked at her daughter, obviously proud of the girl and of the dresses.
“Do you mind my asking…”  Kat made every effort to sound casual.  “There can’t be much retail business here in Pembine.  And your designs are so good.  Do you have other sales outlets?”
“Etsy.  Thank the Lord for Etsy.  They have us cataloged under ‘church dresses.’  I have five designs there.  Etsy takes the order, Olivia and I sew to size and ship within two days.  Our sales are almost entirely on-line.” 
“So national distribution, and no store costs.”  Kat nodded her head as if she was happy with what she was hearing, but the pit of her stomach was dropping.  On-line sales.  Could be anyone, anywhere.  This was a dead end.
“We also display at a consignment store in Menominee, but Etsy is our larger outlet.”
“Menominee?”
“Second Chance Boutique.  In the old mall along the river.  Mostly second hand clothing.  But they do some sales for us.”  Erin took the dresses from her daughter, holding one in each hand.  It was clear she expected Kat to make a choice.
“I think she will love the blue one.  The size?”
Erin held the blue dress in front of Olivia.  “Larger or smaller than Olivia?”
“About the same I think.”  
“Then should I wrap this one up?”  Tilt of the head and a bigger smile.  She had her sale.
“The cost?”
“Forty nine ninety five.”  Her smile changed when she saw the look on Kat’s face.  She immediately had the dress in Kat’s hands, the hem rolled up.  “Feel the fabric.  Look at the stitching.  This is a dress she can wear for years.  None of that fast fashion from TJMaxx where the zipper pulls out the third time you wear it.  She’ll see right away that this is quality.”
Kat ran her fingers over the material, and played a bit with the buttons, pulling on one to show she was testing it.  Truth was, she needed the dress.  She wanted to get it home and give it a careful look.  So she smiled and got out her wallet.
Ten minutes later she was at the door, the dress neatly folded into a white garment box.  The woman had even wrapped some red ribbon around the box – all ready to give to the nonexistent cousin’s daughter.  Smiles, thanks, and a final question.
“I know it shouldn’t matter, but is my cousin’s daughter likely to run into other girls wearing the same dress?”
“Where does she live?”
“Wausaukee.”
“We have sold a few of these dresses locally, but green.  Always green.  Must be all the trees around here- or maybe the Packers.”  Another big smile.  “And remember what I said about your clothing.  Anything you see in a catalog I can make for you, and if I make it, the seams will stay in and the bodice will make it all the way to your very long waist.”
Final smile and Kat was back out to the minibus and snowy roads.
Kat drove south with a very unfashionable blue dress and a heavy load of frustration.  Was Kayli wearing a dress made by the McKissons?  Almost certainly.  Did that knowledge help find her family?  Almost certainly not.  She didn’t get it in Pembine.  Only green.  Etsy?  But if locals only bought green, wouldn’t that apply to local Etsy orders too?  If there were any local Etsy orders.  The consignment store in Menominee?  That was an hour away.  The chance that a local girl would go to Menominee, to that one store, and buy that one dress…  The odds were so low.  Even thinking about it showed how desperate Kat was getting.
Back at the lodge, Kat cut the ribbon and took the dress out of the box.  She spread it across her bed.  A simple blue dress.  Buttons up the front.  A young girl would like that?  The silly collar.  Why even have a collar?  A simple scoop neck would be more usual.  A collar that flowed into wide and sculpted lapels.  Curved fabric on the collar.  An arc as it began the descent to the lapels.  Extra fabric, extra cutting and sewing.  Why?  Why draw attention to the collar?  To the collar, to the neck, to the face.  Up.  Up from the chest.
Twelve year old girls.  Up from the chest.  Up from breasts that might be growing, or might not yet.  Fat girls had such an advantage at that age.  They always “matured” first.  Chests.  Junior high jokes – “pirate’s dream – sunken chest.”  And if there was a chest – the looks.  Boys noticing.  Girls noticing and comparing.  Every day a competition.  Books gathered up in arms pulled up against chests.  Pulled up against breasts.  Always a show.  Always on display.  Always the looks.  Seventh grade was such a horror.  Eighth grade was no better.  Junior high an endurance event.
So the collar.  The arc.  The curve.  The wide lapels.  Something Erin remembered from her girlhood?  Or a suggestion from Olivia?  A partial reprieve from the looks below the collar.  A reframing.  The face as focus.  Please look up here.  It is still the same me.  The same smile.  The same face.  Look at me.  Up here.
Olivia wore it to church.  Kayla wore it in her dash to town.  A plain blue dress with a special collar.
Kat unbuttoned the dress and opened it.  Anything special to see?  Seams double stitched.  Even threads.  Quality work.  Proudly made.  A label.  White.  “McKisson Fabrics.  Pembine, Wisc.”
Kat gritted her teeth.  A label.  Everyone so desperate to know who the girl was, did it occur to no one to look at the label on her dress?  Sure, TJMaxx would tell them nothing.  But McKisson?  Pembine?  It had taken her weeks to track back the dress, and the detectives in Marinette could have done it the first day.
She was on her phone in an instant.
“Dave?  Meaning no offense, but you work with morons.”
“Hello, Kat.  How are you?”  Everything in his voice told her he was gently scolding her for her language.  Every cop was trained in the same process – de-escalate.  Get the crazy lady to calm down.  This time she was the crazy lady.
“Sorry, Dave, but really.  I tracked down the McKissons.  She makes dresses.  She made the dress Kayla was wearing.  I am sure of it.  All it would have taken was someone to look at her dress and see the McKisson label.  The investigation would have moved along so much faster.”
“Fair point.  I will call the office and have them check.  In the meantime, do we know who bought the dress for Kayla?”
“No.”
“No?”
“No.”  Kat thought about how to sum up what she had learned.  Mostly she had learned nothing.  So, she had yelled at him for not leading her more quickly to a dead end.  Shit.  “Sorry, Dave.  I think I am losing it.  I have a match for her dress.  I know who made her dress.  But I don’t know who bought it.  Mostly McKisson sells on-line.  There is a store in Menominee.  I guess I will check there next.  But, no, bottom line, I still don’t know who bought the dress.  I still don’t know where her family is.  I don’t know a damn thing.”
“I understand, Kat.  For what it is worth, Bonnie is cussing more these days.  But, we’re not done yet, right?”
“You are such a cheerful guy.  Really.  You amaze me.  But you are right.  I am going to drive to Menominee tomorrow.  And you will check on that dress label.  So.  No.  We are not done yet.  We still have things to check.”
“Kat, you are doing good work.  I think we are going to solve this one.”
“Thanks, Dave.”
Frustrated, and embarrassed, Kat hung up the phone.  A bottle of wine in front of the fire would have gone really well.  But it felt a little, well, easy.  Frustrated, angry, embarrassed.  She chose to burn off some anger.  She still had that cross country ski trail to cut.



Chapter 30
A Night

Cross country skiing is either something you love or hate.  It takes skill and patience.  And it can be exhausting.  Kat was hoping for exhaustion.  It would be a significant improvement over frustration.  It also required a certain amount of discipline – care when dressing (lots of attention to socks) and attention to detail when waxing the skis (temperature of the air and of the snow).  So she needed to pay attention.  And attention to skiing left little attention for all the other things that had been racing around her head.
She had about an hour of daylight by the time she had her skis ready.  She thought she would cut two trails, one fairly short, the other longer.  Short trail?  Around the lake.  Not much of a lake.  One of the reasons the original owner of her lodge had gone bankrupt.  Rich people weren’t going to pay big bucks to fly to a tiny town and fish a tiny lake.  But it worked for Kat.  Not much to look at – a fairly shallow oval surrounded by forests.  The road that went around the lake was about a mile long.  
Kat crossed the road, set her skis, and started rounding the lake, making a trail through some trees and across some open areas.  Mostly it was flat.  Easy skiing.  Not much to look at really.  The lake itself was just an open field of white.  She tried to weave a bit through some birch groves to lend a little beauty to the trail, but there was a limit to what she could do.  There was a reason people skied the Rockies and fished Montana.
The snow was deep, over a foot, but it was powder.  No crust to have to break through.  If there was a virtue to the cold of January, it was that no thaw had tried to melt the snow and leave a crust on top.  That would come in March, along with the heavier snows.  Now she just had fourteen or sixteen inches of powder, enough to bury her boots.  It also hid fallen branches and some rocks, which she had to stop and clear – or detour around – but for long stretches she could hit a good stride and stretch out.
It was best when she could hit a rhythm.  She found a pace.  So close to double time – the pace of her military service.  Her mind drifted off now as it had then.  One foot in front of the other, breath coming naturally, arms swinging with ease.  Double time.  Cadence of a soldier.  She stretched, she slid, she heard the whistling of her skis through the snow, the cool wind on a warm face, a sea of white in every direction.  Her shoulders dropped as her body relaxed and slipped into the rhythm she knew so well. 
Time around the lake?  Less than an hour.  Now that she had the course set and the obstacles removed, she would ski it again in a day or two.  Packed down well, she thought she and her guests could do it under twenty minutes.  A good warm up, or maybe an end of day trail leading back to a bonfire she would make on her beach.  Either would work.  Both would be fun.
The sun had set by the time she finished circling the lake.  But she wasn’t tired, and it wasn’t really dark.  Snow reflects.  A half moon was up.  She could see.  And she wanted to try the logging road.  So she followed the lake road for maybe a quarter mile, then reset her skis and headed up a logging road she knew well.  Trucks rolled up the road maybe once or twice a summer.  If some section was being logged, trucks would venture deep into the forests to pull out second growth poplar, birch, and pine for pulp mills.  Trees turning to paper.  Less of that lately as people turned from paper to pixels.  But still enough logging to keep these old roads open.
Like any farm road, this was basically two ruts with a mound between.  She picked the left rut and started moving.  Sometimes there was brush leaning out over the road, and she stopped to break off branches that might scratch any guest.  But she didn’t have to stop very often.  She was able to set her pace again.  Her stretches and slides gaining length.  Into the forest.  Into the night.  The moon giving her enough light to see the road, but leaving the rest of the woods hidden.  She had never taken a group out at night.  She wondered if they would like it.  She did.  Up the road, over low hills, around gentle curves.  She had to herringbone one hill, but the rest was easy strides.  
She thought five miles.  That had been the right length for most of her guests.  Five miles out, a stop for sandwiches and hot chocolate.  Half an hour for pictures and talk, and then a return to a warm lodge or a warm bonfire.  Good for her guests.  Kat wanted more.  Her wax was perfect on the snow, the road was interesting, the night was cold, but windless.  This was where she wanted to be.  This was what she wanted to do.  Her long legs stretched, and her long arms swung.  And her world became her breath, her skis, and the road ahead.
Two hours out, she stopped.  She listened.  She felt her breath in her chest.  She looked into the forest.  Paper birches were nearby.  She could see them white and ragged in the moonlight.  Everything else was black, and silent.  She stood.  She breathed.  She felt the sweat on her face begin to chill.
And, she felt she had gone far enough.  Whatever had pushed her out into the night had faded away.  She felt peace.  She lifted her head, felt the cold on her cheeks, and slowly turned around.  She set a pace going back.  Double time.  Over hills, around curves, a steady, even pace she could follow all day or all night.  A pace she had followed for twenty years.  She slipped back into the pace and was back at the lake road before she even noticed her proximity.
She popped off her skis, laid them across her shoulder, and walked back to the lodge head high and shoulders back.  



 Chapter 31
Menominee

The next morning she drove to Menominee hopeful, but aware the odds were against her.  But she would try.  Menominee, Michigan was the twin city to Marinette, Wisconsin.  They sat opposite each other at the point where the Menominee River entered Green Bay.  Kat could drive down to Wausaukee and then follow the river to Marinette, or cross the river near her home and drive down through Michigan.  She drove through Michigan.  Snow, trees, farm fields, little towns and little traffic.  The Michigan side of the river was emptying as quickly as the Wisconsin side.
The Menominee Mall was built along the river.  Lots of parking.  Lots of empty stores.  Marinette also had a mall.  That’s where people shopped.  Kat had no trouble finding the Second Chance Boutique.  She parked her minibus right up front.  Normally she would have some concern about her long bus taking up too much space.  Here she felt like she was helping reduce the emptiness.
Prom dresses filled the large windows facing the parking lot.  A sign said she could also find bride’s maid dresses inside.  She found those, and rack after rack of women’s clothing in all sizes and colors.  The store was crowded – and empty.  The racks were arranged so there was no center aisle.  She would have to wander left and right around clothing racks, presumably so she would impulse buy some item she discovered as she wandered.  If the strategy worked, it didn’t seem to reduce the huge racks and piles of ruffles and spandex.  
Kat worked her way to the back of the store, there to find a middle aged woman with a big smile.
“There is so much to choose from, don’t you think?”  Enthusiasm.  The woman stood amidst mountains of unsold inventory yet somehow was enthusiastic.  Kat was impressed.
“I take it you are the owner?”
“Almost all these clothes are owned by the women who placed them with me, but I help the clothing find new homes.  I suspect with your height, you have some challenges finding clothing to fit.  But I am sure we have several things you would like.”
“I’m interested in a church dress for my cousin’s daughter.  About twelve.  I understand you carry some from a company in Pembine.”
It was interesting watching the woman’s face rotate through a series of expressions.  Wider smile at the word “interested,” a studied look at the phrase “church dress” and a flicker of concern at “Pembine.”  But the final expression was a smile – her base look.  Whatever else was going on behind her eyes, what customers got was a very pleasant – and eager – smile.  
“I think I have exactly what you are interested in.”  
She led the way deeper into the store, back to a corner, and to a pile of clothing on a discount table.  50% off.  Items were stacked so high the woman had to be careful picking through the clothing.  As it was, Kat had to stand at one end of the table and stabilize a stack that started leaning over the edge.  The woman pawed through one of the middle piles, and carefully removed four folded dresses.  Kat recognized them immediately – three blue, one green.
“These are all hand sewn by the company in Pembine.  Very good quality.  Every seam is double stitched, and they only use quality material.  And I think the design is original to them.  Very modest.  If I had a young daughter, this is the dress I would want her to wear to church.”
“May I see one of the blue ones?”
The woman immediately struggled to place the other three dresses on one of the piles, all of which seemed to teeter on the edge of falling.  Kat helped straighten the piles, restacking two so they leaned a bit back from the edge.  She thought maybe this would be a good engineering problem.  How high could any stack of cloth go before it had to fall?  These stacks were three feet high, clearly at the limit she and the store manager could achieve without braces of some kind.
Once some measure of stability was established, the woman unfolded the dress.  It had been folded in fourths.  Creases showed it had been folded for most of its life.  The manager shook it a bit to get the dress in reasonable shape.  Thick material, once it took a shape, it held it.  But creases or not, it was obviously a match for the dress Kayli had worn.  
“How much is it?”
“It was originally 29.95, but as you can see, we are showing it as half off.”
Kat ran her fingers over the material, and opened the buttons.  Inside she found the McKisson label.  There was no reason to buy the dress, but she was uncomfortable asking the poor woman to somehow jam the dress back into one of the stacks.  And she found the price interesting.  39.95 in Pembine, 29.95 in Menominee.  Now half off.  Obviously not flying off the shelves.
“I’ll take it, but I have to ask.  Do you sell many of these?”
There was just a moment when it was clear the woman was debating whether or not to lie.  Maybe because it was a “church” dress, she decided to tell the truth.  There was a moment’s hesitation while she put the best shading on the truth.
“Your niece will not have to worry about others matching her dress.  In the last year we have sold two of the green, none of the blue.”
Kat followed the woman to a cash register in the middle of the store.  With tax, the visit would cost her sixteen dollars.  As the woman took her cash and bagged the dress, she pointed to a rack of bride’s maid dresses.
“Something nice for you?  Maybe for a Valentine’s Day dinner?”
Kat was well aware of the myth that brides purposely picked ugly dresses for their maids, the point to ensure the bride was the loveliest woman in the church.  Kat looked at colors she would never wear and ruffles that bulged out in every direction.  Maybe the myth was true.
“Thank you, just this for now.”  
Kat took the bag and left.  She had no trouble backing her minibus – this end of the lot was still empty.
Kat had now spent fifty five dollars on dresses she would give away – somewhere, to someone.  She also crossed two sales points off her list – Kayli’s dress had not been bought in Pembine or Menominee.  On-line.  Made sense.  No one had seen the girl.  She didn’t get out to shop.  Shopping came to her.  Retail moved to the cloud, and people who wanted privacy had it in spades.
Solution?  Kat couldn’t think of one.  Maybe a court order forcing McKisson to give up her shipping list.  Maybe Kat could explain the situation and ask nicely.  She would talk with Dave first.  It would be helpful to have a court order as backup if she needed it.  You never knew how people would react when you asked for things.
In the meantime?  It was Wednesday.  A day to work on the ski trails, eat the last of the left overs, call the last of the Tupperware ladies, and…  make a late dinner for Jim.  He would have something to say.  He had promised as much.  And, she had to decide what she wanted to hear, what she would accept, and, well, how much more of this she would deal with.  This wasn’t all about Jim.  It was also about her.  What did Kat Johnson want?  Damn good question.  She had an hour on empty roads to come up with an answer.  Did she?  No.



Chapter 32
Tupperware, Skis, and Jim

Back at the lodge, Kat finished the last Tupperware for lunch.  None of them had been bad, and none had been especially good.  All of them required a phone call to return the container.  It was just good manners.  Kat made the calls, determining as she did so, that if there was ever another gathering, she would have it catered.  No more Tupperware.
Three calls.  One just laughed, thanked Kat for the call, but told her to keep it.  Another asked if she could come by the next morning.  Kat agreed.  It was the third call that was interesting.  The woman was grateful for the call and the return of the plastic container, but was unable to retrieve it.  Her husband had the truck.
Kat’s antennas rose.  Woman stuck at home.  Tupperware left behind.  As a message?  Kat and Bonnie had been looking for women (and kids) who might be trapped by an abusive husband.  Kat wasn’t sure what she was hearing in the woman’s voice.  A call for help?  Kat asked for directions and said she would come over with the Tupperware.
As it turned out, Kat was halfway to the woman’s home before she remembered the container.  She had to turn that long minibus around, and nearly got stuck in a snow bank in the process.  But, she got back to the lodge, and two quart plastic container in hand, finally made it to the woman’s home.
The place?  Up a town road, then up a long drive.  Long driveways are not the norm in Wisconsin.  Long driveways are hell to keep clear of snow.  People in the south might look at a long drive and think – what a beautiful drive through the forest.  Anyone who has done a winter in Wisconsin thinks – I’ll need a plow on the front of my truck and probably burn out my clutch.  Kat’s reaction was that minibuses don’t belong on long driveways.  She took it slow, hoping there would be a place by the house where she could turn around.  Backing down to the road would be a real test of her driving skills.
The house?  Standard Marinette county ranch.  Somewhat larger front windows.  Somewhat larger front porch.  Bird feeders from every tree Kat could see in the yard.  Cat and two small children lined up in the front window, the woman – Michelle – already at the front door.
“Thank you for coming.”  Big smile from a happy lady.  Early thirties.  Taller than average.  Kat remembered her from the gathering.  There was a moment when the two of them had looked at each other from across the room, the two of them able to look over all the heads in between.  Nice smile then, nice smile now.  
The woman got Kat seated, then brought over coffee.  The two kids came over for hugs, each proudly tell her their age in words, the correct number of fingers raised to emphasize their pride in having become three and four, the four year old off to kindergarten in the fall.  Michelle seemed proud of her house, as well she should be, the large front windows admitting bright sunshine and warmth.  
Conversation began with comments about the gathering, but quickly moved on to the kids.  She pointed out the window to a snowman they had built.  Kat told the kids they had done a great job, then commented on all the bird feeders.  That got Michelle started on all the species that arrived at various times of the year.  There was a pair of binoculars near her chair, testimony to her interest.
Kat mentioned the house seemed a bit remote.  If the woman was being held against her will, this was the time for her to at least hint at her situation.  But no, she explained her parents lived a bit farther up the road, as did her sister.  They had cut paths through the woods so the kids could quickly visit family and play with the other kids.  So, no, there was no distress here.  It was a simple situation – the husband had the truck.  That’s all it was.  So, Kat drank her coffee and had two cookies while the children told her how Sunshine (the cat) liked to take naps by the front windows.
About half an hour after arriving, Kat found a place to get her bus backed around, and she slowly took the long drive back out to the road.  She did stop and look down the road.  Two houses were visible, smoke coming from both chimneys.  Michelle was safe, and happy.  
It occurred to Kat as she drove back to the lodge, most local women were probably safe and happy.  They didn’t need rescuing.  They had good lives.  Not a bad thing to remember even as she struggled to find the home that had somehow failed Kayli.
The sun set so damn early in winter, it was already touching the trees to the southwest as Kat got back to the lodge.  But there was time for at least some skiing.  She chose the lake trail she had made.  She changed boots, put on a lighter coat, and evened up the wax on her skis.  Then she was off.  Would her guests like the trail she had cut for them?  She thought so.  A good warm up trail.  Almost totally flat, a few curves in and out of birch clumps, a bit of a hill rising above the lake.  She stopped there.  Would they like looking out at the lake?  Maybe.  
Her lodge was visible across the way.  Might be a good place to stop for pictures.  They could show where they had spent the weekend.  She wondered if she might put the scene on her website.  The place did look pretty good.  Eat your heart out, Montana.  We have log lodges too.  Kat got her phone out and took a couple quick pictures while the sun still cast some yellow over the snow.  Her logs seemed to glow.  Nice place.  Her place.
Back to skiing.  She had forgotten to time herself, but she thought it had taken about half an hour to get around the lake.  Her guests might take longer.  They would certainly want to take pictures along the way.  Good.  The more pictures they shared, the more interest women had in her weekend workshops.
Back at the lodge, quick shower, and thoughts of Jim.  Dressing for Jim?  It was too damn cold for bare shoulders, but she went with a skirt.  She could handle bare legs.  Her hair took a while.  Dry air, knit cap, not a great time for long hair.  But she managed.  Dinner was a bigger challenge.  She stood in front of her refrigerator staring, and not feeling inspired.  There was a reason takeout meals were popular.  It took forever for her to pick an old reliable – salmon steaks.
She need not have bothered.
A little after nine his F150 raced across her driveway and almost skidded into her porch.  He was at her front door and inside before she could even cross the great room.
“60 to 32.  We beat the bastards 60 to 32.  Not even close.  We had them in the first quarter and just kept pouring it on.”
Jim grabbed her as he crossed the room, essentially carrying her to their usual spot by the fireplace.  He got in a quick kiss and an ass grab, but he was too excited to even slow down for a real kiss.  After all, they had “beat the bastards.”  They always sat by the fire, so he moved in that general direction, and did eventually sit, and did take a glass of wine from Kat.  He even drank some of it, although he was probably not aware of doing it.  He was too busy talking.  High school basketball games have eight minute quarters.  So he had thirty two minutes of basketball to describe.  She would hear every minute of that.
Interspersed were insults.  “Arrogant fools.”  And “he thinks because he coached in Green Bay, he can just come up here and take over the conference.”  And “Crivitz has always been like that.”
He left out why they were playing a game on Wednesday night rather than the usual Friday.  Kat guessed it was something to do with snow days.  What he included was a play by play accompanied with his own color commentary.  “Delgoff was perfect on every out of bounds play.  They never covered him.  They just went with a full court press.  Every in-bounds.  A full court press.  Against our guards.  One poor bastard was left to protect the hoop, but two passes later we went in for layup after layup.  It looked like a pregame exercise.  And they never changed.  Four quarters of being out of position.  Four quarters of trying a half-court trap.  It’s like their coach had a two page play book.  We passed over, around, and through them.  60 to 32.”
Jim sat for most of his replay, but he rose several times to demonstrate particular moves.  Even when he sat, he wasn’t really sitting.  He was on the edge of the couch, his muscles tensed, his posture alert, as if he were on the court like he had been twenty years earlier.  And his face.  No kid at Christmas was as excited.  Santa had given him a victory over Crivitz, their main rival in the conference, the team that had been a rival back when Jim had played forward on the Wausaukee team that had finally broken through Crivitz and made it to state.  Santa had been really good this year.
Kat sat and listened.  And shared the moment.  She knew exactly what he was feeling.  And she knew exactly where all of this was leading.  Michigan.  When she had played for Wisconsin, it was this way when they played Michigan.  Her senior year she had made four three-pointers from the corner in a furious run at the end.  She was ten feet tall, every muscle bulged, every leap took her over any hand in her face.  She nailed four in a row.  She knew they were going in before they ever left her hand.  She knew this was their year to beat Michigan.  And they did.
And she knew what came after.  Every woman on that team went looking to get laid.  Celebration sex.  Kat had found some silly frat boy and gave him the best sex of his life.  And now?  In front of the fire?  She listened, and waited, herself on the edge of her seat, herself poised, herself positioned.
He took her when the final kid hit the final layup at the buzzer.  One final “60 to 32” and he took her.  One arm under her knees, one hand taking her arm, he had her up and over his shoulder, off to her bed like he had just conquered her city and she was his.  Millennia of practice went into his moves.  Up, over, down the hall, on the bed.  It got a bit complicated for a moment.  She needed to undress while lying on her bed, and he had to get out of his clothes, and both of them needed to get under the covers, but then it was back to basics.  
He was at her, on her, in her, and away they went.  She had put a layer of foam rubber behind her headboard to limit the damage from past nights, but she knew there would be dents in the plaster in the morning.  Fine with her.  They rocked.  The victor and his woman.  He was hot, every muscle solid.  She grabbed his shoulders, and held tight.  Celebration sex.  He knew how to celebrate.  So did she.  The headboard and plaster both got a workout.
When he came, he froze in position above her, a statue.  She wrapped her legs around him, and then tightened her arms.
“60 to 32.  All sports is foreplay.  Record another victory, Jim.”
“Shit.”  Jim looked down at Kat.  “Do you think those kids are getting laid tonight?”
“The smart ones are.”  Kat held him tighter.  Rather than slide out from her him, Kat pulled his head down and kissed him.  “The smart ones are.”



Chapter 33
A Ghost Town

If there had been something for them to talk about – besides beating Crivitz – it got lost in Jim’s rush out the door.  They both overslept.  He took the world’s quickest shower and was dressed before she even got out of bed.  He sat on the side of the bed for a millisecond or two, gave Kat a pretty good kiss, and ruffled her hair.
“I enjoyed the celebration last night.”
“Me too.”
Great time to think of something special to say.  Some romantic something.  But “me too” pretty much did it for Kat.  It was true.  She had enjoyed the night, left over salmon notwithstanding.  And now?  He kissed her again, and was gone.  Whatever conversation they might have had about their future, well, it would wait.  It wasn’t every day you beat Crivitz 60 to 32.
In the meantime, she had preparations to make.  She had done her last workshop in mid-December (birch log decorations).  No workshops in the weeks right around Christmas.  People were too busy.  And January?  Her first two years she had attempted workshops, but had cancelled for lack of interest.  January at the northern edge of Wisconsin was cold.  Too cold.
So now, the first weekend in February, she was essentially restarting her business.  Back to the weekly routine.  In that weekly routine, Thursday had specific chores – last minute cleaning, and final shopping.
Cleaning went fine.  Other than the gathering, the lodge had been mostly empty.  Beds were made, floors clean, laundry all done.  She did a final walk through, but the place looked pretty good.
Shopping got more complicated.  It started simply enough - a quick drive to Amberg and Ed’s Party Store for a couple cases of white wine.  Beverages were included in the guest charges, and wine was popular.  Ed knew her workshop schedule, knew what to order, and always had her wine ready.  Not that morning.  He was closed.  So was Lois and Marie’s restaurant.  Kat parked her minibus on Main Street, and started calling.
While she waited, Kat got out of her bus and stood in the middle of the street.  She was looking at a ghost town.  No cars were parked within sight.  No traffic troubled her as she stood and looked at the remains of her town.  No lights were on at the party store and the restaurant.  Each had a “closed” sign on their front door.  No schedule of hours – no sense that they might be open at ten, or four, or some day this week.  They were closed.  
The bar?  It had been salvaged.  Maybe some worker had found a few bottles of Jack Daniels that hadn’t frozen and cracked.  Maybe one of the coolers had been worth carrying off for reuse.  Whatever had remained of the back end of the bar had been removed, recycled, reduced.  All that remained of the place was the concrete floor, now covered in several inches of snow.  The pile of building materials that had filled the adjoining lot had been now been carted off to some landfill.  Century old boards now filled some hole designated by the county.
Kat was drawn to the abandoned post office building at the other end of the street.  Windows boarded up, a “For Sale” sign fading to near invisibility, it looked like the ghost of Christmas Future for Amberg.  The town had reached its expiration date.  Maybe it had died when the school closed in the sixties, maybe when the Presbyterian Church closed in the eighties.  Maybe.  With the bar closed, “maybe” became “certainty.”
Kat stood with her hands in her pockets and waited.
Ed Schneider arrived first.  Big smile, lots of apologies.
“I have your wine all ready for you.  Just give me a minute to open up.”  He disappeared inside and lights started coming on.  Kat’s wine was just inside the front door.  He had ordered it, they had delivered it, he hadn’t bothered to move it into storage.  It was in the way of any customers, but if there were no customers, what difference did it make?  He picked up one case, Kat carried the other.  They slid them into the back of her bus.
“I’ve been opening later.  Four to nine now.  But all day Saturday.  Ice fishermen.”  Ed was in his sixties, and just carrying one case of wine to Kat’s bus left him winded.
“Yes, seems pretty quiet around here.”
“We need to advertise somehow.  People hear the bar is closed, and they think everything is closed.  I hear that all the time.  People stop in for a six pack and say ‘Oh, I thought you were closed.’  We’re not.  Well, I think the restaurant is, but I am still open.  At least part of the week.”
They had walked back into his store.  His cash register was by the front door.  He sat behind his little counter and drew up a receipt.  Kat got out her checkbook.  She noticed the store was cold.  Heating costs.  Temperatures taken down at night.  Maybe fifty.  Just warm enough to keep the pipes – and the beer – from freezing.
“Two hundred even, Kat.  I’ll cover the sales tax, same as always.”  Smile meant to please.  Kat knew she could buy the same wine in Wausaukee or Crivitz for six bucks a bottle, but she thanked him for the “discount” and handed him the check.
Normally this would be when Ed would begin some endless conversation about this or that.  He was the town gossip.  He had all day to stand and talk.  But not today.  Maybe the store was too cold, or maybe he had already found some daytime TV show he had become interested in.  He put her check in his pocket, came around his counter, and followed Kat out the door.  His work day was over – at least until four.  He was back in his car and gone while Kat stood out on the street.
Kat had wondered if it would be Lois or Marie who would come to see her.  It was both, arriving almost at the same time.  Two women in their early sixties.  Average height, maybe somewhat above average weight.
“We were wondering if you would still be operating.”  Lois, the older sister, gave Kat a hug and got her keys out.
“You were wondering.”  Marie waited her turn to give Kat a much longer hug.  “Just because the bar closed, doesn’t mean every business closes.  Kat’s not even in town, not really.”  She shook her head and smiled at Kat while Lois fussed with the door.  She had to push it past a small pile of mail on the floor.
“I closed for January, like I always do.  Too cold for workshops.  And I think women are tired after the Holidays.”
“I told you that.”  Marie gave Lois a look she had probably been giving her since before they started grade school.  Lois gathered up the mail, and they all moved to a table.
“Well, as you can see,” Lois took over the conversation.  “We also closed for January.  And I think we will be closed for February, March, and April.  Trout fishing opens in May.  We might try weekends then.”
“Quiet winter?”  Kat wasn’t sure what else to say.
“It makes no sense.”  Lois was obviously unhappy.  “We got a little business from the bar on weekends.  Maybe they’d stop for a beer, and then have a burger with us.  But breakfast and lunch?  No one has a plate of eggs here, then goes to the bar for a few beers.  Never happens.  But now, suddenly, the bar is closed, so Amberg is closed.  They go up to Beecher for breakfast.  Beecher.”  She obviously didn’t like saying the word.
“But we’re still here for you, Kat.”  Marie actually reached over and took Kat’s hand.  Reassuring.  “You can count on us.  How many do you have for this weekend?”
“Ten.”
“Ten!”  She said it as if Kat had just announced a major victory.  “You have always done so well there.  Six years that place was one mistake after another, and then you arrived.”  If it had been anyone else, Kat might have thought she was getting a sales pitch.  But Marie was sincere.  Kat was sure of it.
“I think I have eight for next weekend.  I will keep you updated.  Should we talk about menus?”
They spent the next hour going over menus for this week and several future weeks.  It was essentially the same menu they used every weekend.  The discussion could have taken fifteen minutes.  It took an hour because the women wanted it to take an hour.  Their chance to engage in something approaching “normal.”  Catering was a small part of their business, but it had been a part of their business for four years now, and at least at the moment, it was all that was left of their business.  So, they talked.  They talked food, and delivery, and presentation, and candles in the dining room.  Talk.  Talk that mostly said – we are still together.  While other things are ending, this business connection – this personal connection – still endures. 
The meeting ended in hugs, all three women getting back into vehicles and leaving – leaving an empty Amberg behind.
Kat had one more stop.  Snacks from the Wausaukee IGA.  The same snacks she always used – three different cheeses, two kinds of crackers, grapes, and apples.  Snacks for Friday and Saturday night.  Just for fun, she also got a bag of marshmallows for roasting on a bonfire, weather permitting.  Done.
But since she was in town, why not a cheeseburger?  That turned out to be a big mistake.  She got the cheeseburger, even though most people were still eating a late breakfast.  Sarah put in her order without even asking.  Nice lady, good food.  But.  The Kaminski sisters were there.  Kat thought she saw a couple other Ambergers in the café.  So.  Lois had been right.  The exodus had begun.  Maybe it was to Beecher, maybe it was to Wausaukee, but Amberg was emptying out.  People might still have their homes two blocks from Amberg’s Main Street, but socially, they had already moved out.  The café might be a place you ate, but it was also a place where you met people, where you were seen.  Want to know if you are in a small town?  Look what happens when a restaurant door opens.  In a small town, every head will look up, because in a small town, they may know the people coming in, and they will expect a greeting.  In Beecher and Wausaukee, people now looked up, expecting to see people from Amberg.
Kat finished her cheeseburger, spent a minute a saying “Hello” to the Kaminskis, nodded to another couple from Amberg, and left.  Back to Amberg.  Back to a ghost town.



Chapter 34
The Last Tupperware Lady

Kat arrived back at her lodge to find the last Tupperware lady – Amy something - waiting for her.  She had completely forgotten about her.  But there she was, her truck parked at the front door, and her standing just off the porch.  Kat quickly put her bus in the garage and went out to meet the woman.
“I am so sorry.  I completely forgot about our meeting.  Have you been waiting long?”
“No, no.  Just a few minutes, and it gave me some time to look the place over.  It really is special, isn’t it?”  
The women gave each other a quick hug, then stood together looking at the lodge.  The Tupperware lady was mid-thirties, average height, boots, jeans, blaze orange coat.  If ever there was a sign that said “local,” it was a blaze orange coat worn out of deer season.  Blond hair pulled back in a ponytail, a face that showed some rough spots.  She had spent time in the sun and in the cold.  She stood with her feet braced, and her head up.  She was fascinated by the place.
“I understand it is modeled on the grander fishing lodges of Canada.”  That was how Kat began all her descriptions of the lodge.
“Yes, as I understand it, he even brought pictures of such places to the bank.  He had served as a guide for several of them, and had brochures with him when he went in for the loan.”
“Oh, so you know about him?”  Kat had never met anyone who had actually worked with the original owner.  
“Second hand.  I’m town treasurer for Banat Township.”
“Banat?”
“Just a crossroads on the other side of the river.  You probably drive through it without even knowing you are going through a town.”  She paused and turned toward Kat.  “By the way, since I just told you I’m from across the river, I should admit I crashed your party.  Beth Hecht told me about it, and I decided I had to finally see the place.  I apologize for coming uninvited.”
“Not a problem.  It was just an informal get-together.  I hoped you enjoyed the evening.”
“I did.  Thank you.”
“And the lodge?”
“Stop me if I am telling you things you already know.”  She paused and waited for Kat to nod.  “He got people pretty excited.  A million dollar lodge on a hundred thousand dollars of lake frontage.  The town board was already dreaming of the property tax income.  And, since several of them also sat on the bank’s board, the loan was approved and the place was built.”
“And then he defaulted.”  Kat added.
“He did more than that.  He crashed their dreams.  The bank paid for the building, and the town put a road around the lake.  The lodge was going to put the lake – and Amberg – on the map, and all the acreage around the lake was going to sell, so there would be more people and more tax income and more bank income.  And maybe more important…” the woman paused for emphasis, “people would come to Amberg.  Poor, fading, nearly empty Amberg would be a vacation destination.”
“And now it’s even more empty.”
“You’re here.”  Interesting how she said that.  She punctuated it.  Emphasis on “you.”  And she was staring directly at Kat when she said it.  Eye to eye.  Statement of fact.  
“I just have a weekend business.”
“A weekend business that has lasted four years, and brings women up here from around the state.”  Another pause.  “You bring people to Amberg.”
Kat wasn’t sure how to respond.  Praise is hard to accept, especially coming from a complete stranger.  In the end, she just nodded and said “Thank you.”  Still uncomfortable, Kat moved the conversation along.
“Would you like to come in for a few minutes?  I have some wine I need to get out of my bus before it freezes, but then I can give you another look at the place.”
“Let me help.”
Kat led the way back to her bus, and they each carried a case of wine into the lodge.  Kat went back for her snacks while Amy opened the cases.  The next hour flew past.  They put away the wine, and the snacks.  Kat talked about the huge kitchen and praised Lois and Marie for the help they provided each weekend.  She gave Amy a complete tour of the lodge and described how her guests responded to each room, including all the jokes about the musky hanging in the dining room. 
And for a while, they just sat by the fire and talked.  
“Being town treasurer is the best part-time job in the world.  One town meeting a month, and two afternoons a week.  We use the old one-room school as the town hall.  Impossible to heat, but we aren’t in it that long.”
“Husband?  Kids?”
“Lou.  Wannabe hippie.  Real back-to-the-earth type.  No kids.  We do some babysitting, but no kids of our own.”  Amy looked away while answering that question.  Never an easy one.
“You sound like you’ve been up here a long time.”
“Lifers.  Both of us.  Met at the branch UW campus in Marinette.  Everyone else does a year or two and transfers to Madison.  We did two years and went home.”
“To Banat.”
“Not a bad place.  Quiet.  Like here.”
They’d run through the usual conversation starters, but neither seemed in a hurry to say more or to leave.  They stared at the fire, comfortable together.  Funny how that happens.  Two people meet, and sometimes they just mesh.  Friends.  It was Amy who finally ended the visit.
“This was lovely.  But I know you have a big weekend ahead of you.  I’ll get out of your way.”
“Cross country skiing.  I have a couple trails I should probably beat down again.  But I am glad you stopped by.”  They were up and walking toward the door.  “Let me get your container.”  Kat turned toward her kitchen.
“That’s okay.  I have a million.  It was nice of you to call, and it gave me another excuse to visit.  The place has fascinated me for years.”
“Well, I hope you come back again some time.”  And Kat meant it.  The two slipped into boots and coats and walked out to Amy’s truck.  “I may be the only person up here not driving an F150.”
“Lou keeps a plow on the front all winter.”  Amy pointed to the front of the truck.  “We have a pretty long drive.”
They hugged, and then Amy drove off.  Kat stood and watched her go.  Town clerk.  It sounded like they talked to each other.  And knew what was going on.  Kat thought she might visit the Amberg town clerk on Monday.  Maybe the clerk would know about some girl up a long drive. 



Chapter 35
The Ski Weekend

Snow had killed some of Kat’s weekends, but it had also made some of them near perfect.  If it snowed Friday, guests often canceled for fear of driving to the middle of nowhere and getting stuck along the way.  If it appeared it might snow on Sunday, they would also cancel, for fear of getting left at the wrong end of Wisconsin.  But if it snowed Saturday, and if it was the right kind of snow, it could be magical.
This weekend, Kat got her magical snow.  She also got a pretty good group of women.  One seemed to want to show off – perfect skis, perfect outfit, perfect hair.  But she settled in fast enough.  Friday evening they did the lake trail, and then stood around a bonfire Kat had built on her beach.  Easy skiing, warm fire, a couple glasses of water followed by unlimited wine.  Kat had sticks for the marshmallows, and everyone had a great time going for the perfect shade of brown.
Marie fed them well, and the dining room had the usual impact – candles, good food, jokes about the musky on the wall.  Kat had wine and chocolates in the great room after dinner.  Guests wandered up to their rooms between ten and eleven.
Saturday.  Saturday started good, and just kept getting better.  Marie fed them blueberry pancakes, and got the usual response – just one, well, maybe just one more.  There was sun as they did the lake trail one more time, mostly so women could get pictures, and then, as if she had scheduled it, snow began as they took the trail up the logging road.  Kat had worked that trail later on Thursday, and again Friday morning.  She had the brush out of the way, and tracks around any major rocks.  So the trail let them glide with almost every step.
Kat set an easy pace.  All the women were able to maintain good strides, and within a hundred yards the skis just did what skis do.  And the women, freed from concerns about their skiing, could lift their eyes from the tracks in front of them, and feel the woods around them.
And the snow.  Gentle.  Powder.  Drifting down through the trees and across the trail.  Snow in their faces.  Snow on their eye lashes.  Snow shading and coloring the forest around them.
Kat had established several places for them to stop.  She had stepped sideways over an area, flattening the snow so it would be easier for the women to move about in their long, thin skis.  These would be good places to rest.  Except the women were all pretty good skiers.  They didn’t need rest.  They used the places to stop, look, take some pictures, talk, and look up at the falling snow.  The women were all in their mid-thirties to mid-forties – old enough so the kids could be left home, and established enough so they could afford the five hundred dollar fee.  But at each of the stops, they looked more like grade school kids, tongues out to taste the falling snow.  Smiles, quiet conversations, long looks up into the sky or off into the woods.
Kat never pushed groups too far.  Tired guests didn’t have fun.  She had guessed how far they might get in about ninety minutes.  It turned out they made so many stops and took so many pictures, it was almost two hours before they got there, but the place always worked for Kat.  Marinette County is pretty flat, but she had found a section of logging road that gradually curved up to a ridge overlooking a wide valley.  Some of the valley had been logged a decade or so before, so second growth was still small enough that guests could see a fairly long way down to a distant pond.  It wasn’t Yosemite Valley, but it was a pretty good view.  As soon as the skiers had made it up the hill and caught their breath, they had their cameras out.
Kat had hung most of their lunch the day before.  Bears and most everything else was hibernating, but you never knew who might be out and hungry, so she hung her food high between two trees.  It took her a few minutes to set things up on a tarp, but she lowered down baguettes, cheese, fruit, a dozen water bottles, and a dozen family-size chocolate bars. She also had tarps for women to sit on, but she noticed several took stumps.
Lunch.  As always, she estimated what women would normally have for lunch, and doubled it.  And, as always, every bit of it was eaten.
Conversation?  Kat reviewed the history of logging in the area.  The big white pines of the lumber days.  Now the second growth pulp wood.  The failure of farming and the reversion of farm land to forest.  Now the decline of logging as the paper industry shrank.  Not a happy story, but Kat also brought up the animals that were coming back.  Wolves and turkeys back from near extinction.  It felt good to sit and talk on their hilltop.
Caution?  Chills.  Kat had reminded all of them about layering, and she had seen them shed a layer or two as their skied, but even as they pulled those layers back on now, all of them had sweated, and all of them would start to chill if they sat too long.  So, within half an hour, Kat got them moving again, this time gliding down their little hill.  A good way to restart a day on the trails.
They didn’t quite race back to the lodge, but they moved pretty fast.  There were a couple spills, followed by laughter.  Mostly though, it was just step, glide, reach, step, glide, reach, hear the whisper of the ski on the snow, feel the cool air, smile at the snowflakes collecting on cheeks.  It felt like the entire trail was downhill.
They were back at the lodge by the middle of the afternoon.  Their skis required a bit of attention, then the skis were left in the garage, and the women went up to their rooms.  Everyone wanted a change of clothes and probably a shower.  Kat was sure a few would settle in for a nap.  Had she been alone, she certainly would have taken one.  But she was the host, so she changed, ran a comb through her hair, and settled herself in the great room, ready to welcome her guests when they came down.
Kat prepared for a quiet period.  She would bring out snack trays and white wine, the women would share pictures, and they would talk about the trail, but then move on to anything and everything.  It was the talk they had come for.  The skiing was nice, but in truth, cross country skiing was essentially free on trails all over Wisconsin.  And the rooms were nice, as was the food, but the women had paid five hundred dollars for a change of scene and a chance to gather with other women and talk.  What would they talk about?  Who knew?  But they would reach out, share, and enjoy a weekend of conversations.
And that’s how it started.  All the furniture in the great room had been designed for men – dark, leather, huge.  But it worked so well for women.  They came down from their rooms, one or two at a time, picked a chair or couch near the middle of the room, and just sank down into the soft cushions.  Feet pulled up under them, lounging against one chair arm or another, glass of wine or an apple slice in hand, talk came easy.
The initial conversation?  Skiing of course.  But then it took a very different direction.  A woman happened to look up at the ceiling over the entry way and asked a reasonable question.
“Are you having trouble with your roof?”
Kat froze.  A lie would be simplest.  Yes, there was a small leak, but she had contractors coming soon.  End of conversation.  She had that on the tip of her tongue, and then, out of nowhere, came the truth.
“That was done by a shotgun.”
As is usually the case in larger groups, there had been a main conversation and a couple side conversations ongoing.  With the word “shotgun,” suddenly there was only one conversation.  Kat hesitated.  Did she wait for questions, or supply some explanation?  She decided to explain.
“He was a drug dealer.  He thought I was going to turn him in to the police.  There was a struggle.  A woman was here with me.  She shot him.  He died out on the driveway.”
The response was absolute silence.  Ten women staring at Kat.  Kat had been lounging like the other women.  Now she put her feet back on the floor, and leaned her forearms on her knees.  She also set her wine glass on a coffee table.  And she waited.  She wasn’t sure what more to say, and obviously her guests hadn’t yet thought of comments or questions.  The silence lasted a very long time.  Finally one woman repeated a phrase.
“Drug dealer?”
“He sold marijuana to high school kids in Wausaukee.  I went to see him in the morning, and I told the local deputy about him that afternoon.  That evening he came for me.”
“You wanted him to stop dealing?”
“The deputy was going to take care of that.  I wanted to know if a girl had come from his place.”
More silence.  A hesitation, then all ten women began asking questions.  And they were reasonable questions.  What girl?  What happened to her?  And the questions continued as Kat took them through the whole story.  Some portions she had to repeat.
“She was twelve and she was driving a car?”
“She looked about that age to me.  We don’t know for sure.  Maybe she was thirteen or fourteen, but she certainly was no older than that.”
“The building collapsed on you?”
“The bar was ancient.  It had been rewired, replumbed, reroofed who knows how many times.  A good wind would probably have taken it down.  With the corner gone, the roof shifted, pushed the north wall out, and everything came down.  Two of the guys in the bar pulled me out from under a mass of ceiling tiles.”
“And her?”
“I saw her hit the windshield.  It looked to me like her neck snapped.  She fell out of the car.  I got to her before the whole roof came down, but she was dead.”
“And no one knows who she was?”
“She was wearing a bracelet with the name ‘Kayli.’  That and her general description was put out on the radio.  No one came for her.  No one attended her memorial service.”
“And you thought the drug dealer…”
“The local sheriff’s deputy is pretty good.  I have been trying to help.  Our theory was that Kayli was local, but part of a family doing something illegal, so they didn’t come forward.  After we checked dealers, we wondered if maybe she and her mother were being held against their will.  You know, some sort of spousal abuse.  We’ve checked with nearly every woman in the northern half of the county.  No problems we can find.”
“What if the mother was the problem?”  Suddenly half a dozen women had a theory.
“Right.  We assume men are monsters, but this might be an abusive mother.”
“Or just a mother and daughter having a fight that got out of hand.”
“My mother and I used to scream at each other so loud and often, I’m surprised no one called the cops.  But we went at each other for two or three years.  Fine now, but when I was twelve…”
“Yes, it’s the age.  Hormones of a woman, brain of a child.  Who knows what set the girl off?  It might have been nothing to her mother, and everything to her.”  
Kat sat back and listened.  Suddenly there were ten detectives in the room.  And in truth, there was much to what they were saying.  Kat had never thought about the mother.  And if she had missed that, what else had she missed?  She listened, and as she listened, she felt less and less capable of finding Kayli’s home.
Eventually Marie brought them all in to dinner.  The food was hot, tasted good, and there was plenty of it.  But Kat could not have told you what had been served, and it appeared few of her guests could either – they were too busy presenting theories.  Kat listened, then finally pressed them.
“Whether it was the mother, or the father, or someone else.  Why has no one come forward?  No grandmother, no aunt, no neighbor?  No one is aware that a twelve year old child has been killed?”
That raised a whole new set of theories.
“Mom wasn’t from here.  She came to some family cabin, and she is telling folks back home she is still on vacation.”
“She came here in January?”
“She is from here, but I like the vacation idea.  The family is telling everyone they are in Florida.”
“Arizona.  No one goes to Florida anymore.”
The theories got wilder as the meal went on.  Marie was listening at the door to most of it, and she took things in a different direction when she brought in their dessert.
“That accident killed the bar, and has killed the town.  We need to know who did this.”
Now the conversation moved from Kayli to the town.  Several women said they had stopped in Amberg on the way in, looking for something at the grocery store, but found it closed.  Somehow that fractured the main conversation thread.  There were now at least three conversations running – business in Amberg, why the mother was on vacation, and why young girls are so stressed out.
Kat listened.  The dining room table was long, but she could hear all of the conversations.  She found herself paying most attention to the talk about twelve year olds.  Seventh grade.  Kat had been tall.  Taller than any of the boys.  And flat chested.  There was one school dance for seventh graders.  She hadn’t been invited.  Other girls had been, and that was the only thing they talked about for the week before the dance.  What they would wear, and who they were going with.  And, they made sure Kat heard every word.  Bitches.  In retrospect, she couldn’t decide who had been more pathetic – them, or her.  It had all been stupid.  But not if you were a twelve year old girl. 
What had set Kayli off?  Kat had been thinking of abusive parents.  But what if it had all been about some movie they wouldn’t let her see?  Some party they wouldn’t let her attend?
No.  Kat had seen her face.  You didn’t drive a car though a wall, that look on your face, just over a movie.  Even if you were twelve.  Something big had happened.  Something monstrous.  Something the adults in Kayli’s life were hiding.  But the women at the table were right.  It might not be a dad, it might be a mom.  And that meant, every strategy Kat had been using might have been a complete waste.
Kat needed some air.
“How do you feel about a bonfire tonight?  I still have some marshmallows, and we can take some wine out with us.”
That got general approval, so Kat asked for a fifteen minute head start to get a good fire going.  Not a problem.  Marie seemed to have limitless supplies of a cherry dessert, so no one was in a hurry to leave the table.
Outside was cold, and there was a light snowfall, but there was no wind.  A silent night.  A still night.  Kat had a mound of split logs nearby, and had a good fire going before the first women came out.  They arrived with wine glasses.  Marie brought the marshmallows, and even stayed to join the group – something she rarely did.
As often happened in these evening bonfires, someone started singing.  “Sweet Caroline.”  It instantly caught on, complete with “Bum, bum bum,” and “so good, so good.”  “YMCA” was next, complete with arms raised to act out the letters.  It resulted in some spilled wine, but it was fun.
Kat didn’t see who said it, but she heard one woman ask, “Okay, ladies.  You’re back in seventh grade.  You’re together with your besties.  What did you sing?”  That started a whole new round of songs.  The women were a range of ages, so you would have expected ten different songs from ten different rock groups, and there were some differences, but somehow the Beatles were most popular, even though they had broken up long before any of these women had been twelve.  The big hit of the night?  “I want to hold your hand.”  There’s only about four lines in the song, but the women sang the lines over and over, and quickly made a scene, spilling wine while grabbing each other’s hands.
It was fun, but even beside the fire, it was cold.  After about forty five minutes the women headed back inside and straight up to bed.  Kat helped Marie with the cleanup, then went to bed herself.  She was asleep pretty fast.  Her final thought?  “Bestie.”  Did Kayli not have a single friend to miss her?  How could any girl be this alone?
Sunday?  Sundays always went well.  The women knew each other, had plenty to talk about, and felt good about what they had done.  And Marie fed them blueberry pancakes and bacon.  As always, guests opted for “just one” pancake, but always took more, and the bacon always disappeared.  They lingered over their coffee and relaxed.
Kat never scheduled Sunday activities.  By now women were familiar with the place, so she left it to them to decide what to do.  This Sunday they chose the lake trail.  It was a good day for it.  The sun was out, and there was little wind.  Two women decided they would just spend the morning lounging in the great room, but the others went out, Kat with them.  Everyone did at least one circuit of the lake, and several did two or three.  Kat saw them stopping to take pictures.  She got a few of her own to fill her various social media sites.  The sunshine and fresh snow seemed to be advertising the lodge for her.
Discussions?  Still Kayli.  Clearly every woman had been chewing on the problem.  Whenever Kat stopped, she would be approached by a guest asking, “Have you thought of…” or “What about…” or “Maybe it was…”  Lots of theories, and some reasonable suggestions.  What Kat didn’t tell them was that the more suggestions they made, the less confidence she had that an answer would ever be found.  There were just too many places to look, and too many possibilities.  Even back in her time in the Army, with all the resources she had, there were crimes she had never solved.  Here, working with just one deputy, facing so many possibilities and so many unanswered questions, she feared Kayli would never have a last name.  Kayli Unknown.
Lunch was soup and sandwiches served in the dining room.  And then women left.  As always, “leaving” took at least an hour, often two.  This weekend there were skis that needed to be cared for, but the real time came with hugs and pictures.  Everyone texted everyone.  They all promised to share additional pictures once they got home.  And most would.  In the meantime, they stood by their car and had yet another conversation.
Kat stood in the parking area with them.  Hugs, pictures, questions about future weekends.  There would be repeat business from some of these women.  Kat would be glad to see them again.  She did as much hugging as any of them.  And she stood and waved as each car drove off.  Two hours in the parking area meant two hours in the cold, and she was chilled by the time she waved to the last tail lights, but, like other Sundays, she was happy with how things had gone, and proud she had been successful.
Inside, she helped Marie with the last of the cleanup in the kitchen.  But Marie had things pretty much under control.  It occurred to Kat that Marie probably knew her kitchen better than she did.  Kat did a little of this and a little of that, and helped Marie carry some empty containers out to her van.  One more vehicle to wave at, and Kat was on her own.
Jim hadn’t said anything about coming over, but he knew she was free Sunday evenings, so Kat gave herself an hour to rest in front of the fire before getting ready for him.  The hour was nearly up when he called.  Wanted to come over, but there was a big family meeting, he might have time to see her Wednesday night.
Kat pressed the red circle on her phone and wondered – yet again – what she was doing with Jim.  How could a man be so clueless?  It probably never occurred to him that not only was he not spending the evening with her, he had just announced that she was not part of the family.  Three years of dating.  “Family” was other people – still not her.
Now what?  She settled back into the huge leather couch – furniture made for men really was the best – gave herself an extra hour in front of the fire, and then got an early start on the week’s laundry.



Chapter 36
BFF

Dave Kekkonen drove up early Monday morning.  Kat had stripped all ten beds, plus her own, and was deep into weekly laundry.  She invited him in, and they sat in a very noisy kitchen drinking their coffee.  He had something to show her.
“You asked about the label in Kayli’s dress.  The detectives took pictures.  Here’s what they found.”
He pushed a sheet of paper across the table to Kat.  Even before it reached her, she could see it didn’t say “McKisson.”  She set it beside her coffee mug.  “BFF”
“I should apologize to your detectives.  I was sure it would say McKisson.”
“You were wrong about the name, but right to check the label.  The detectives paid no attention to it at all.  Just one more dress label to them.”
“And BFF?  Have you checked?  Some store brand?”
“Bonnie and I have both checked.  We can’t find it on any website.  Bonnie thought a competitor to ETSY.  Maybe some Chinese or Bangladeshi outfit.  None that we can find.  Any ideas?”  Dave sipped his coffee and waited.  He was a patient man.
“I’ll check, probably surf the same websites you did.  It’s not a brand I know.  But then, I’m not twelve.  Probably some influencer adults have never heard of.”
“Probably.”
Dave waited, sipped his coffee, then finally left.  Kat walked him to her door, promising to get back to him if she thought of anything.
She was lying.  Did he know that?  Or did he trust her to tell him when she was ready?
Kat folded some sheets as they came out of the drier.  She ran through her options as she stacked the sheets.  They all began the same way.  She would drive to Pembine and have a conversation.  What happened after that conversation?  Well, many things could happen.  She would wait to see.  First, she needed to talk to a girl in Pembine.  A BFF.  This BFF would put the pieces together for her.
Kat finished the sheets, rehearsed the questions she would ask, and then backed out her bus.  Ten minutes later, Kat was parking outside McKisson Tailoring.  And Fashions.  Mom was right at the door.
“Did you come back for some tailoring?”  Saleslady smile.  Confident she already knew the answer.  Kat walked past her, and carried one of the customer chairs over to where Olivia sat.
“I came to talk with Olivia about Kayli.”
Mom was instantly at Kat’s shoulder, none too happy.  Olivia looked briefly at Kat, then at her mother, then at the floor.  She wrapped her arms around her chest and started crying.  With every tear she seemed to shrink.  Kat was tempted to reach out and comfort her, but her mother pulled her out of her chair and took her into another part of the house.
Kat waited.  She had finally established a connection between Kayli and one other person in the world.  If need be, Dave and the detectives could take the next steps, but Kat was hoping Olivia would talk to her.  It would be faster, and easier.  And maybe simple.  The connection was clear.  A dress no one was buying.  A unique design.  A girl who sewed.  Olivia had made the dress for Kayli – her BFF.  All Kat wanted now was a last name for the BFF.
Mom came back alone.  Angry.  Upset.  She might not know what was going on, but she knew her daughter was crying.  She stared at Kat.  And she seemed to grow a bit.  If needed, she would fight for her daughter.
“She doesn’t need to talk to you.”  Mom might be confused, but she knew her rights.
“No, she doesn’t.”  Kat stayed in the chair by the sewing machine.  She sat still, relaxed, her body language saying she was not a threat.  She kept her voice calm.  “I am hoping she will tell me about a friend of hers.  Your daughter has committed no crime.  I am just trying to find the home of a girl your daughter knows.”
“I don’t want her talking to you.”  She was standing at the end of the room near a hallway.  No doubt the hall led to the home’s bedrooms.  Down there was Olivia.  Here was Kat.  A threat.  Mom stood between the threat and her daughter.  Kat had to admire that.  But.  She needed answers.
“Like I said, your daughter has committed no crime.  And she is in no danger.  All I am asking is a chance to learn more about Olivia’s friend.  I hope she will tell me about her.  If you don’t allow that, the next people at the door will be from the Sheriff’s office, and they will arrive with a warrant.  They will park multiple squads in your drive.  They may be here for hours.  Your friends, neighbors, and customers will see those squads in your drive.  Is that something you want?”
“What do you want to know?”
“I want to know whatever your daughter will tell me about her friend.”
The woman waited, but Kat knew the decision she had made.  If she wasn’t going to cooperate, she would have already chased Kat from her house.  No one liked the sight of squad cars at their door.  The woman stood looking at Kat for another minute, then walked back down the hallway.
Olivia came back into the room still crying.
“I didn’t mean to hurt him.”
“I know that.”  
Kat pointed to her chair.  The girl hesitated, then sat.  Her mother brought over the other teal customer chair, and the three of them made a triangle.  No equal sides.  Olivia and her mother sat close.  Kat backed away.  Close enough to talk quietly, far enough away to not be threatening.
“Can you tell me how you knew Kayli?”
“We were in the same study group.”
Mom interjected.  “The company that provides home school materials does some things on-line.  They form study groups for the kids.  Those who hate home schooling say the kids miss so much.  But they don’t.  We have all the social interaction kids need at church.  And group projects.  They say that is so important.  Well, that can be done on-line.  The materials publisher sets it all up.”
Kat listened and nodded.  Good.  Mom was talking to Kat.  Olivia would relax and talk too.  Maybe.  At least they were off to a good start.
“So you did some report together?  I had to do that a lot in college, and in the Army.  Sometimes it’s extra work, but it can also be a good way to meet people.”
“We were doing the history of Wisconsin.  We divided the work up.  For one section we each did an historical period, and for another we each did an industry.”  Olivia sat will her arms wrapped around her chest, but she no longer looked at the floor.  She mostly talked to her mother, but she also glanced at Kat as she told her story.
“What part did Kayli do?”’
“She did farming.  She seemed to know a lot about that.”
“And I suppose, besides talking about the project, you sometimes talked about other things.”
“Yes.  Kayli usually started it.  She would send these silly pictures.  It would be her holding her history book upside down and looking confused.  That sort of thing.  That got all of us sending silly pictures.  I did one of me talking to a manikin.”  Olivia was smiling, much more relaxed.  Her hands were now in her lap, not wrapped around her chest.
“And you made her a dress.”
“Yes, once she saw I made dresses, she started describing some that she made.  They looked pretty simple.  But we exchanged pictures, like we were both models, showing off our designs.  She loved the church dress mom designed.  So I made her one.”
“Did you send it to her?”
Kat was hoping for an address.  Instead, she saw Olivia shrink up again.  Her arms went back around her chest.
“I gave it to her.”  She was staring at the floor.
“At her house?”
“No.  We talked about shopping a lot.  I mentioned we often go to the Christian book store in Iron Mountain.  She said she knew the place and would meet me there sometime.  Just talking.  You know, favorite stores, that sort of thing.  That’s when I got the idea for the dress.  I thought it would be a fun surprise.  I would make the dress she liked, and give it to her for an early Christmas present.”
“And you met her.”
“Yes.”
“When was this?”  Mom wanted to know.
“In November.  Every year you do the same thing.  You take me to the bookstore while you go off and buy our Christmas presents.  They have a reading room in the back.  I sit there for a couple hours and you shop.”
Her mother nodded and turned to Kat.  “She’s always finding books she likes, and I can buy some secret presents.”
“And you met Kayli there?”
“I told her when I would be there, and she was already there when I arrived.  She was so excited.  We sat close and talked… and talked too loud.  A clerk told us to be quiet.  So we just whispered, but that got us laughing.  It was fun.”  If it had been fun, “fun” was not mirrored on Olivia’s face.  There was an earnestness in her description, a hint of persuasiveness. 
“And you gave her the present.”
“She was so excited.  She took it from me and ran off to the restroom to change.  She came back doing a model walk, all fancy, and really funny.  We were loud again.  And that made it even more funny – you know, how when you try not to laugh you just laugh more?  But she loved that dress.  She sat next to me and we straightened her collar, and she played with her skirt.  She loved it.  I could see that.  She loved my present.”
There was pride in her description, but also pain.  Kat could almost hear her – “She loved my present, BUT.”  Kat waited for the “but.”  Olivia was staring at the floor again, sometimes – for just an instant – flicking her eyes up toward her mother.  Kat waited.  So did her mother.
“I said something stupid.”  More waiting.  Neither woman rushed her.  “We were sitting close, and I noticed a couple hairs above her lip.  We had been laughing, and having fun, and I wanted to joke, so I said ‘You’re going to have a mustache.  Maybe a beard.”  A joke.  I pointed at the two hairs, and laughed.  I thought I was being funny.  But for her, everything changed.  I hadn’t even finished my joke, and she totally changed.  She sat up straight, backing away from me, and said…”  Olivia paused and looked at her mother before she continued.
“’That can be taken care of.  It can all be taken care of.  And it will be.  I’m a girl.  I have always been a girl.  I will always be a girl.’  And she’s looking at me, well, she’s angry, I can see that.  But she’s also hurt.  And I didn’t understand.  I didn’t know what I had said that was so wrong.  So I started crying, and saying I was sorry, but I didn’t understand anything.  Somehow I had hurt my friend.  And that’s the last time I saw her.  She ran out of the store, and two days later she quit the study group.”
Olivia was crying at the memory.  Her mother wrapped her arms around her and slowly rocked her.  Kat waited for the girl to calm down.  She had another question to ask, but it could wait.  It was Olivia who asked he next question.  She lifted her head from her mother’s arms and stared at Kat.
“Was she a boy?”
“Kayli chose to be a girl.”  Kat could see the mother was about to say something, and it didn’t look to be pleasant.  Whatever it was, Kat had her own question to ask.
“When you contacted her, what address did you use?”
“We all had gmail accounts in addition to the school accounts.  She was Kaywalla@gmail.”
Kat wrote the address on a sheet of paper to make sure she had the spelling correct.  She thanked Olivia, told her she had been a big help, then quickly left.  “Kaywalla.”  Kat now knew who the mother was, and she cursed herself for not figuring it out earlier.  



Chapter 37
A Dresser Drawer in Niagara

Kat was pretty confident there was no one within a thousand miles of Amberg with the last name of “Walla.”  But add “ce” to that eight letter minimum log-in, and everything pointed to Lisa.  Kat would find out fast enough.  It was just a ten minute drive to Niagara.  It took two minutes more to get through the unlocked front door and the ancient lock at the top of the stairs.  One lock to go – the dresser drawer.  Kat’s pocket knife got her inside that.
Ropes and gags – some cloth, some leather.  The drawer was full.  But under that was a photo album.  Kat pulled that out and moved to Lisa’s kitchen table.
“K” was the inscription on the front of the album.  Inside the front cover was a copy of a birth certificate.  Menominee Hospital, Menominee, Michigan.  July 2, 2007.  Kevin Louis Wallace.  Mother – Lisa Elaine Wallace.  Father – blank. Baby pictures filled the next four pages.  Cute baby.  Lots of smiles.  Sometimes asleep in bed, but mostly in his mother’s arms.  Lisa looked happy, and proud.
Toddler pictures took the next several pages.  Bulging diapers as the baby crawled from the camera, a fist full of food sitting in a high chair, a wide look of surprise as the child stared at a single candle on a birthday cake.  Then the child walking, arms upraised as she struggles for balance.  Shorts and a shirt in several pictures, a bright yellow dress in another.
Dave Kekkonen walked through the door.
“Downstairs neighbor called in a B&E.”
“I didn’t break, but I did enter.  I found Kayli’s photo album.”  Kat motioned to a seat at the table, and turned the album so Dave could see.
“So Lisa’s the mother?”
“Yes, but there’s no sign Kayli ever lived here.”  Kat gestured around the room.  There was little sign that Lisa lived in the apartment, much less a child.
“Lisa was from Iron River.  Maybe that’s where she kept her.”  Dave turned back the pages to read the birth certificate, then paged through the baby pictures.
“Maybe.”
“It explains the bar.”  Dave paused there.  He was thinking as he talked.  “Kayli didn’t go there to meet a logger.  She was looking for her mother.”
“Yes.  Makes sense.”  Kat was impressed by how quickly Dave had made that connection.  She immediately agreed.  “She knows where her mother works.  She somehow doesn’t know her mother was not working that night.”  
“I’m assuming you don’t know where Lisa is now?”  Dave had stopped looking at the album, and was looking at Kat.  This was now an interview.
“I haven’t seen her since the memorial service.”
“Well, now we know there was a family member at the service.”
“Dave, I don’t know that Lisa committed a crime.  Granted, she could have told us she was Kayli’s mother. So maybe, she is guilty of impeding an investigation.  But, should we chase her down over that?”
“I’d like to know why Kayli was running to her mother, but no, I don’t want to arrest Lisa.  Given her mental condition, it was probably best she put the child in foster care or with some relative.  I’ll call a friend in the Iron River PD to see if they are missing a twelve year old girl – or boy – but I’ll leave Lisa alone.”
“I think girl.”  Kat quickly paged through the next pages.  Kayli was dressed as a girl in all of them.  “She seems pretty committed to that identity.”
“Agreed.”  Dave stood and took a step back from the table.  “There’s a bar fight in Wausaukee I hope will be over by the time I get there.  I assume you will put everything back when you are done here.”
“Will do.”
Dave left.  She could hear his heavy boots on the stairs, and then a short conversation with one of the tenants below.  Kat went back to the photo album.
Kayli was a pretty girl.  Always in dresses.  Even if wearing pants, she wore a dress over the top.  And long hair.  It tended to a golden brown – the color many kids achieved from hours in the sun.  Grade school age seemed a good age for her.  Big smiles.  Books on her lap.  Her sitting on Lisa’s lap reading to her.  Sitting on other laps, but the pictures showed no heads.  Careful photography.  Mystery laps.  One appeared female, one male.  Foster parents?
A happy child.  A happy home.  Where was the home?  Did it matter?  Kat knew almost everything about Kayli now.  Except one thing.  The girl who came through the wall of the bar was looking for her mother.  Fine.  Except.  That girl was terrified.  Why?  What had happened to that happy girl in the pictures?
Kat went back through the pictures.  Outdoor shots.  She wanted something that might give her a location.  Where had this girl been living?  Any place she might recognize?
Fishing.  She was probably nine or ten.  She had caught a pan fish.  Maybe eight inches.  Big enough to keep.  Big enough to yield a couple fillets.  Big enough for the big smile on Kayli’s face.  It was still on the end of her line, her hand holding the line several inches above the hook.  The standard – look what I caught – photo.  She was standing on the shore, the water behind her.
Where?  Eight thousand lakes in Wisconsin.  More in the UP of Michigan.  It could be any of them.  But it wasn’t.  It wasn’t a lake.  There was an obvious current, and a straight line of trees on the far shore.  It was a river – a river eighty to a hundred yards wide.  There was only one of those in the area – the Menominee.
Kat moved the album to Lisa’s bedroom and the big south-facing windows.  Lots more light.  She stood with the album in both arms, leaning on the window, angling the album to get the most light.  She needed detail.  Something that would tell her where they were along the river.
The upper left corner.  A bit of a road.  Perpendicular to the river.  So, if it was going away from the river, it must have just crossed over.  That meant a bridge.  Kayli was standing on a river bank just south of a bridge.  A park?  Kat knew one.  Close.  County road K crossed the Menominee just south of Chalk Hills Dam.  There was a small park.  Room for maybe a dozen cars.  A few fire pits.  Fishing was good just south of the dam.  There were always a few cars there when Kat drove by.
Any other sign that’s where she was?  No.  Just trees and water, and a hint of a road.  The chance that this was County K crossing the Menominee was, well, just a chance.  But it was a reasonable chance.  That crossing was just ten miles east of Amberg.  If she lived near enough to fish there, then she lived near enough to drive to town.  
In her bare feet, at age twelve, in an ancient wreck of a car.  Kat immediately had second thoughts.  Ten miles on snow covered roads.  And who knew how close she lived to the river?  Suddenly this all seemed like a reach.  Even if she was right about where Kayli was fishing, and there was a good chance she was wrong, what did that really tell her?  Kat kept looking through the pictures, hoping to find something better.
Kayli in a farm field.  Apparently wearing her outdoor outfit – blue jeans under a cotton dress.  She was holding up something small.  Part of the crop?  Kat had been raised in the city.  All she saw was a field of low bushes.  Beans?  Peas?  An acre or two of whatever the crop was.  But.  That told her something.  She was not living deep in the woods.  What had Olivia said?  She seemed to know about farming.  So, farm, not forest.  But there were still dozens of farms that had survived the Great Depression and all the recessions and draughts since.
What else?  Two more pictures of Kayli in fields.  One picture of her in a tire swing.  One picture of her with Lisa sitting on the stairs of a front porch.  They were wearing matching yellow sun dresses.  Lisa had her arm around Kayli.  Both had huge smiles.  Near the end of the album.  Kayli was eleven or twelve.  Near the end of her life.  Happy, pretty, sitting by her mother.
Kat studied the picture.  It would have been so helpful if it had been a wide angle shot that showed the house.  It didn’t.  It was focused on mother and daughter, with just edges of things around them -- the stairs, part of the porch, the bottom half of the front door.  The basic design could have been any newer house in Marinette County – one story ranch with a small porch out front.  Except.  The porch seemed somewhat deeper than usual.  Maybe twelve feet deep instead of the usual eight.  And she could tell from the shade, that it probably had a roof over the entire porch.  And, there was a railing around the porch.  White.  A bit unique - it had two rails, top and bottom, but she could also see the end of an X.  One by fours angled between the top and bottom rails.  A bit of decoration.  A bit of flare.  Not exactly rare, but not common either.  So, maybe it would be a porch she would recognize.  She also counted stairs.  Four.  A bit of a slope.  The house was sitting on a hill, probably near the top.
If she had been back at Fort Meade, Kat would have brought Google Earth up on her computer and searched aerial and street views of any town in Maryland.  She could have done multiple square miles in minutes.  Amberg?  Google had yet to discover the existence of Marinette County, at least not this end of it.
So.  Kat had a picture of a fish, a field, and a porch.  She put them in her pocket, put the album back in the dresser, and locked the apartment up again.  She would be taking yet another drive.



Chapter 38
Of course it was Banat

County Road K goes east out of Amberg.  Hills, curves, snowbanks, rough spots in the road.  Kat kept her speed down.  Forests for the first six or seven miles.  She passed Dave Kekkonen’s place along the way.  The farming area was closer to the river.  Now mostly hay fields for the few farms that remained.  A one-room school stood on one of the side roads, a reminder that once a dozen or so families had farmed there.  Now there were just a few homes.  Kat cruised up every side road that had been plowed, most of which circled back to K.  She slowed at each driveway, looking at porches.  None had an X design, and none looked like white paint had been near them in years.
She spent about half an hour searching the area.  Next?  Across the river into Michigan.  She stopped on the Wisconsin side of the river and looked at the small parking area where she guessed Kayli had gone fishing.  Now it was just a field of snow.  It wasn’t plowed in the winter.  Did she have it right?  Was that where a happy Kayli had raised a pan fish over her head?  Kat looked east across the bridge.  Maybe.  Everything looked different in the winter.  Maybe the road crossed into the woods as it had appeared in the picture.  Maybe.  She put the bus in gear and crossed the bridge.
Woods for the first mile or so, then farms.  At the first intersection she stopped and checked her GPS.  A numbered road went left and right along the river.  Straight ahead what had been called County K in Wisconsin was now called Chalk Hills Road.  If she stayed on that road she got to Banat.  Banat.  She knew a woman in Banat.  What were the odds that…
She chose to go straight.  Towards Banat.  Through rolling hills.  And farms.  Kat slowed at every drive.  She had the road to herself.  No need to hurry.  She stopped at the bottom of each drive, looked toward the house, checked the porch.  The fourth driveway was long, rose up a hill, passed through farm fields, and led to a house with a large porch and X railings.  Parked by a large garage was a black pickup truck with a snow plow in front.  Kat drove up the driveway and parked by the truck.
Amy came out onto the porch.
“Hi Kat.  I was just fixing lunch.  Would you like some?”
Kat stood at the bottom of the steps.  There was so much to say.  In the end, she just said, “Yes, I would like that.”  
She climbed the steps where Kayli and Lisa had sat, crossed the deep porch, and followed Amy into the house.  Ranch style, like every other newer house.  This end of the house was open concept – the living room and kitchen were combined into one large room that extended from the front to the back of the house.  Kat followed Amy across the living room and into a dining area in the kitchen.  Amy pointed to a chair at a small table.  Kat took off her coat and sat.  Amy went to the stove and stirred a pot.  Kat wasn’t sure which of them would start a conversation.  It turned out to be Amy.
“I enjoyed visiting you.  Lisa had told me you were good people.  She was right.”
“Maybe.  But you still didn’t trust me.”
“I decided it was Lisa’s secret to share.  When she was ready.”
“Any idea where she went?”
“She never tells me – not this time, not ever.  I always guessed it was someplace near Iron River.  She still has people there.”  Amy was mostly talking to her stove, although she did glance at Kat as she spoke.  Nervous.  The confident woman Kat had seen in the lodge was not the woman she was seeing in this kitchen.
“And she had you.”
“Yes.”  A single word.  Kat listened carefully to it, but wasn’t sure what she was hearing.  Regret?
Amy brought over two bowls of soup.  She set one in front of Kat, one opposite her.  Kat guessed that was not her normal seat.  Kitchen tables have patterns, routines.  This one was square.  Wooden.  Maybe homemade.  It had been pushed against the wall.  So it sat three people, not four.  The side against the wall was cluttered.  Salt and pepper and sugar, but also a small calendar, a note pad, blank envelopes, old letters, a roll of stamps.  The table was her desk.  She was right handed, so she sat with the wall to her left.  Papers to her left.  Salt to her left.  Easier to reach with her right hand.  So she normally sat in the chair Kat had taken.  Husband where?  Opposite.  In the chair Amy now used.  Kayli?  Between them.
Kat pointed to the empty chair.  “She trusted you with Kayli.”
“We go way back.”
“Iron River?”
“Eighth grade English.”  Amy put her spoon in her soup bowl, stared at Kat, and just started talking.
“We had done grammar exercises for years.  And spelling.  You know, their, they’re and there.  All that.  Then we hit eighth grade, and we had this woman who wanted us to write essays about stuff we were reading.  Lisa sat next to me.  We didn’t talk.  She was weird.  We all knew it.  She’d talk to herself, and stare at the floor when she walked.  Kids laughed at her.  I guess I did too.  Then we started writing, and most of what we wrote was just drivel.  Lisa wrote crazy stuff.  If she read any of it in class, we would just listen and wonder what the hell?  But it was so much better than anything we wrote.  Even when it made no sense at all, it was better than our stuff.”
“Her family?”
“Mom committed suicide.  Dad was a drunk.  In and out of jail.  She was in foster care.  She wrote about her mother’s funeral, and her ghost coming out of the casket and screaming at everyone, and the teacher had to stop her.  We were scared to death, and I think the teacher was too.”
“She had you for a friend.”
“Yes.  I think it was part adolescent rebellion.  Pick the weirdest girl in town for a friend.  But she actually was a pretty good friend.  Never lied to me.  Never told things about me.  Of course after high school we both moved out of Iron River.  Not that we got very far.  She took a job with the mill in Niagara.  Just her luck, the place shut down two months after she started.  It’s been odd jobs ever since.  I did a little college, and then started this farm with Lou.  He found some book – ‘self-sufficient on ten acres’.  We’re not, but at least our food is fresh.  To cover the bills, I work for the town, and he drives truck.”
“And you raised Kayli.”
Amy ate some of her soup, but mostly she just stared at the bowl.  Kat didn’t push her.  She would talk when she was ready.  But that took a while.  Kat guessed she was deciding what to tell, and what not to tell.
“I stayed in touch with Lisa.  Niagara isn’t that far.  We’d see each other once a month or so.  She would have good months and bad months.  She was seeing some shrink and taking some meds, and mostly that helped, but still, she would have these spells where she totally lost it.  She’d walk down the street naked, or stand in some store screaming at people, or she would just curl up in a ball for days on end.  Cops would run her up to the psych ward at Iron Mountain Memorial.
“The last time she was there, she was raped by one of the orderlies.  Put her in restraints, gagged her, and raped the hell out of her three nights straight.  She came out of there crazier than she went in.  I brought her down here.  Nine months later – Kayli.”
Kat said nothing.  Sympathy?  Outrage?  Just words after all this time.  She let Amy’s words settle.
“I’ve seen Lisa’s photo album.  Kayli looked like a pretty child.”  Kat paused again.  “Always a girl?”
“Lisa was desperate not to have a son – to have him grow up and maybe look like his father.  And Kayli?  She liked being a girl.  I could see it.  Yes, mom dressed her up, but I think there was girl in him all along.  So, her name was Kayli, and she was a little girl.”
“Who you home schooled.”
“It solved so many problems.  Legally, she was Lisa’s child, but lived with us.  Who is the legal guardian?  And at school, she goes as a girl, but when might something happen in some bathroom?  So we home schooled.  And it worked fine.”
Kat didn’t want this to feel like an inquisition, so she waited with her next question.  She complimented the soup, pointed out a few plants that seemed to be doing well in various windows, asked about crops and about Banat.  It felt like intermission.  Like, let’s all relax a few minutes before getting back for the second act.  Kat wasn’t sure what she would hear in the second act.  Maybe nothing.  But she chose not to rush things.
They had their soup bowls at the sink, Amy washing, Kat drying, when Kat began again.
“I talked to Olivia McKisson.  She thought Kayli was pretty upset when they met at the bookstore.”
“I never understood what happened.  Kayli would not say a word.  But it really hurt her.  That study group was really her first peers.  Even here in the middle of nowhere, we get enough bars that the kids can send each other video files.  So they see each other, and talk, and of course text twenty times a day.  And then she was going to see Olivia.  She really liked her.  They talked clothes forever.  And I thought – this is it, and just in time.  She’ll have another girl she can talk with.  A bestie as she hits puberty.  This will be such a great help.  Puberty is crazy anyway, and for Kayli… Well, friends would make a difference.”
“For what it’s worth, Olivia just told a joke.  She saw a couple hairs on Kayli’s lip, and joked about a mustache and beard.  She just wanted to be funny.”
“Oh.”  Amy turned away from Kat, and stared down at her sink.  Kat found herself putting a hand on her shoulder, and then giving her a hug.  “We had worked on that.  We were doing things.”
“She wasn’t being mean.  She thought she was being funny.”
“I’m sure.  And Kayli loved that dress.  The label said ‘BFF.’  It would have been so good if that had been true.”
Kat had one question left.  She held Amy a little longer before asking it.
“Kayli has that problem in Iron Mountain.  Six or seven weeks later she drives into Amberg.  Any connection?”
“I don’t know.”  Amy stood differently.  Straighter.  She backed away from Kat.  “We have asked a million times – why?  Did we do something?  Say something?  Did someone else?  We checked her email and her texts.  Nothing.  We were both at work.  All we know is she was gone when we got home.  Gone in that stupid Harvester.  We called Lisa.  The next day … Well, you can imagine.”
Kat had no more questions.  She extended her sympathies, said the things people usually say.  That went on for a few minutes, then she put on her coat and left.  Amy stood on the porch watching as Kat backed around and drove down the long drive.  It had been a difficult conversation, one that drained her.  Kat had learned a lot.  But not nearly enough.



Chapter 39
Lisa Returns

Dave Kekkonen lived on K.  Kat spotted him as she drove home.  He was in the driveway playing basketball with his boys.  Decent shot.  Probably could hit three pointers from above the arc.  At five eight, he would never have an inside game.  Kat parked her bus along the road and joined the game.  The younger brother joined her, and now the basic game was for the two boys to dribble past each other and then pass to their dad or Kat.  Kat let Dave past her for two layups, then scored two herself.  Dave ended the game then.
“Find what you wanted?”  Dave led Kat into the house.  Bonnie was right there to take her coat.
“Mostly.”  Kat took the chair across from the couch.  Dave and Bonnie sat on the couch as they always did.  A small room, Kat’s knees almost touched theirs.  “A high school friend of Lisa’s has been raising her child.  Amy and Lou Smollet.”  She paused and then spelled the last name for Dave.  “Chalk Hills Road.  Really, just across the river.  About halfway to Banat.”
“That’s just seven or eight miles east of here.”  Bonnie looked equal parts surprised and frustrated.
“We would have never found them.  It’s just over the river, but a different state.  We were thinking up some road in the forest.  They are in a farming area, top of a hill.”
“But you found them.”  Bonnie had her smile back.
“I used some pictures from that album.”  She directed that comment at Dave.  “Backgrounds.  Where Kayla fished.  The porch where she sat.  I guessed the Chalk Hills area and just looked at porch railings.”
“You are so clever.”  Bonnie reached across from her couch and patted Kat’s hand.
“Anything I need to know about them?”  Dave was sitting straighter.  This was not a casual question.
“Not sure.  I didn’t meet him.  She says he’s a truck driver.  She works part-time for Banat.  Took care of Lisa’s child all these years.  Seemed to care about the child and about Lisa.”
“But.”  Dave wanted more.
“There’s always a ‘but’, isn’t there?  Nice house, little farm, good place to grow up.  But.  One night Kayli gets in an ancient car and drives like hell for Mama.”
“And…”
“I asked.  She said it was all a mystery to them.  They were both at work.  Came home, and she was gone.”  
“I know a deputy the other side of the river.  I’ll ask what he knows.  Maybe ask him to visit them.”
Kat nodded agreement.
“Kat,” It looked like Bonnie wanted to reach across the little room again and pat Kat’s hand.  “In the army.  Is this what you did?  Investigate things?”
Kat couldn’t help but laugh.  “During twenty years, I was a traffic cop, a prison guard, an inventory checker and a perimeter walker.  And I was a major.  So mostly I sat a desk.  I went to meetings, I wrote reports, I read reports, and I went to more meetings.”
“In Iraq and Afghanistan?”
“Fewer meetings, more walking, but I had no trouble telling who the bad guys were.”
That pretty much ended the conversation.  Bonnie offered coffee, but Kat still had chores to do back at the lodge.  She hugged Bonnie, waved to the boys, and drove home.
Lisa was waiting for her.  She had just taken a load of sheets out of the drier and was folding one.  She was wearing her cowgirl outfit again.  She stood looking at Kat, a pleasant smile on her face, but she couldn’t hide her nerves.  It was obvious from the way she was holding the folded sheet in front of her, almost as a barrier.
“My neighbor said a tall woman in a bus broke into my apartment.”
“I did.  And I went through your picture album.”
“So you know Kayli was mine.”  She turned her head slightly away from Kat.  The sheet was now held closer and higher.  Her smile was gone.  Kat was careful about what she said next.
“I went to see the farm.  It looked nice.  And I had lunch with Amy.”
“Amy.”  Her voice was nearly a whisper.  She folded the sheet into a smaller rectangle and held it nearly to her chin.  One hand held it, the other pressed it to her chest and smoothed it.  It was like she was petting the sheet.  But also holding it as a shield.  Her eyes wandered all over the room.  Even when she was looking in Kat’s general direction, her eyes never looked above Kat’s chin. 
“I liked the album you made for Kayli.”  Kat wrapped her arms around Lisa and pulled her tight.  “They are happy pictures.  I liked the way you looked at each other.  There was love.  And happiness.  You were good together.  She had a good life.”
“She came for me, Kat.  She expected to find me at the bar.  And I wasn’t there.”  Lisa laid her head on Kat’s shoulder.  Tears came, and shudders as she struggled to breathe.  She forced her face into Kat’s neck, as if she wanted to bury her head.
“It wouldn’t have changed anything.  She was dead when her head hit the windshield.”
“I would have been with her.  I should have been with her.  I…”  She ran out of words.  Kat held her while she cried.  She kissed the top of Lisa’s head, held her close with one arm, and stroked her hair with the other.
“Do you still love me, Kat?”  Lisa was talking to the collar on Kat’s sweater.
“Yes, I still love you.”  Kat kissed the top of her head again, her hand slowly stroking her hair.
“There’s more Kat.”  Her face never left Kat’s shoulder.  “There’s more.”
“Tell me what you want to tell me, when you want to tell me.  But I will still love you.  I saw those pictures, Lisa.  Your daughter loved you, and I love the woman she loved.”
Nothing happened for a long time.  Kat kept her arms around her, and stroked her hair.  Slowly the crying stopped, and Lisa’s breathing returned to normal.  When at last she was ready, Lisa kissed Kat’s neck and raised her head.
“I finished the sheets.  We should make the beds.”  She picked up an armload of sheets.  Kat picked up the rest and they went upstairs to the guest rooms.
They worked well together, each taking one side of the bed.  They worked in unison.  Bottom sheet, top, duvet cover, pillowcases.  Lisa watched Kat, and folded corners as she did.  They fluffed pillows together.  They pulled the wrinkles out of the duvets.  They moved at the same pace from one bed to the next.  Their movements echoes of each other, their movements a kind of connection.  A link.  A relationship.  As they moved from one room to the next they touched hands.  Lisa seemed to hold her head higher, her tears wiped away, and her hair pulled back into some order.  By the last bed, her tears were forgotten.
“Will you dance with me tonight?”  They were standing on the landing outside the rooms, looking down into the great room.  Lisa was standing close, and had taken Kat’s hand.  She pressed herself against Kat.  She was asking about more than dancing.
“Yes, I would like that.”  Kat put an arm around Lisa’s shoulders.
“I’ll make dinner while you change.”  Kat was wearing jeans and a sweater – as always.  She looked down at herself.
“I guess I can find something nicer.”  She looked at Lisa’s outfit but didn’t say anything.  Lisa was also wearing her usual – her cowgirl outfit - jean skirt, embroidered shirt, jean jacket.
“I’ll change too.  Let me get dinner started first.”
They split up – Kat down the stairs and to the left, Lisa down and to the right.  Lisa moved pretty quickly.  She rummaged through the weekend’s leftovers until she found what she wanted.  She started with reheated mashed potatoes, added a bit of water, milk, and butter.  She stirred once, then pulled out two pills, crushed them, and stirred them in.  After a brief hesitation she crushed a third pill and added that.  It all stirred together well.  
She found peas and a large piece of salmon and reheated both.  There had been a glaze for the salmon and she spread that on too, as the steak warmed.  Quick detour to the dining room to light candles, then out to the great room to open a bottle of wine and start the sound system.  The romantic CD of course.  Back to the kitchen to stir the potatoes.
Kat arrived wearing her green cotton dress.  Long sleeves, high neckline, but a flared skirt that moved as she walked.  Lisa smiled, gave Kat the spatula, and raced off to change.   Five minutes later she was back, now wearing an ice blue sheath.  Simple.  Sleeveless, low across the chest, skirt that stopped halfway down her thighs.  It was the wrong color for her.  Wrong for her hair color, and her skin tone.  It matched nothing.  But it shimmered as she moved.  And she saw she had Kat’s complete attention as she crossed the room.
They filled their own plates, and carried them to the dining room.  They sat close.  They poured the wine and toasted each other.  They talked.  They ate.  Lisa ignored her potatoes.  It was Kat who asked the first important question.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were Kayli’s mother?”
“I was embarrassed.”  She refilled Kat’s wine glass, then her own.  “You were almost killed, and it wasn’t your day to work.  It should have been me at the bar, and under that falling roof.  When I got here and saw how badly hurt you were, well, I didn’t have the courage to tell you.”
“And then we did all that searching.”  Kat mispronounced “searching.”  It came out “sursing.”  She appeared confused.
“I loved those days.  And I loved you.  You cared.  You really wanted to solve the mystery of Kayli, and maybe help others in her family.  It felt so good to be with you on those days.”  She looked and saw Kat had finished her potatoes. 
“Kat, would you dance with me now?  We’ll come back for our dirty dishes later.”  Lisa stood and took Kat’s arm, raising it and helping steady her.
“Too much wine.”  
Kat stood, leaned a bit on Lisa, and walked with her to the great room.  The music was already playing.  They leaned against each other.  Lisa wrapped her arms tightly around Kat’s waist to support her.  Kat had her hands on Lisa’s shoulders, leaning against her.  They swayed a bit from side to side, but neither moved their feet.
“Kat, do you love me?”
“Yes.”  She leaned forward to kiss Lisa.  The kiss was different.  Her lips didn’t move as normal.  
“I need to tell you my secrets.”  She held Kat harder.  She could feel her balance going.
“I will love you anyway.  I told you.”  Kat was looking at Lisa, but her eyes were just slits.
“I hope so.”
Moving Kat to the bedroom was a struggle.  Lisa feared she would collapse or fall over.  She moved her slowly, backing to the bedroom while holding her tightly around the waist.  She took small steps.  Kat’s head rested on Lisa, her hands now dropped to her sides.  Lisa moved her, but also talked to her.  She didn’t want Kat to sleep.  She cursed herself for adding the third pill.
“I want to make love to you, Kat.  I want to hold you. I want to be with you.”
By the time she got to the bedroom, Kat had stopped moving her feet.  Lisa had to drag her.  She kept Kat tight to her chest, fearing that if she ever fell, she would not have the strength to get her back off the floor.  Backing and holding took all her strength, but finally she got Kat to the bed and laid her on it face down.
Undressing Kat was a chore.  Lisa got her dress unzipped, and the material over her shoulders, but pulling her arms out of the long sleeves took several efforts.  Kat would follow simple commands to lift an arm or bend it, but she couldn’t lift it very high or very long.  Lisa struggled and finally got her out of her dress.  She had thought she would undress her completely, and put her in a night gown, but she didn’t think she’d have the strength or the patience.  So she left her in her slip and underwear.
Lisa caught her breath and changed her own clothes.  Out of the dress, into a nightgown not much different from the dress.  Now for the real decision.  Do it?  Yes.  She would follow the plan.  She reached into her bag and pulled out the ropes and gag.  Kat was lying face down, so it was fairly simple.  Hands behind her back.  A bit of movement out of Kat, but nothing to stop Lisa from binding her wrists.  Ankles crossed, bound, and then the rope tied to the boards at the bottom of her bed.  Kat moved slightly, but didn’t fight.  Almost done.  Lisa rolled her over, pushed the leather gag into her mouth, and tied it behind her neck.  Done.
It took a minute of fussing with the duvet, but finally Lisa was exactly where she wanted to be.  It had worked out exactly as she had imagined.  She now lay on top of Kat. Her face just above Kat’s, her elbows aside her shoulders, her fingers laced in Kat’s hair.
“Kat, are you awake?”
Kat slowly nodded.
“Some of this can wait until morning, but I want to talk some tonight.  I want you to know what I am doing, and why.”
She saw Kat’s mouth move around the gag.  She hoped she hadn’t tied it too tight, but she didn’t want to change it now.
“I’m going to tell you my secrets.  All of them.  I want you to listen to them.  But I also want you to feel them.  I think you can feel them now.”
She waited, and moved her fingers through Kat’s hair.  She kissed Kat’s cheek.
“You are beautiful, Kat.  I hear women say maybe your shoulders are too broad, and I know you should go to the Cut and Curl to work on these gray streaks, but somehow, the gray just adds to your beauty.  It’s like the imperfection that signals the perfection that is always there, ready when you need or want it.  You have beauty you can be casual about.”
Kat’s eyes were now open a bit wider.  She was at least partially awake.
“My first secret.  Pills.  I think these are the best.  Calming.  Yes, they make you sleepy, but for me sleep is a good thing.  I have longed for sleep.  Especially one time when I was bound as you are.  I prayed to sleep through it.  So, sleep is good.  And you will sleep well tonight.  But that’s not my secret.”
She kissed Kat’s cheek, and played a bit with her hair.  She smiled and kissed her again.
“I have wanted to hold you like this so long.  But that’s not my secret either.  I’m guessing you already knew that one.  My secret is the pills.  Everyone thinks I started when my mother committed suicide.  Reasonable assumption.  Fifth grade girl comes home from school and finds her mother dead.  There are consequences.  Dark room.  Mama sitting as she often did, leaning back in her chair, curtains drawn and lights out.  I climbed up on her lap, same as so many other days.  She wasn’t cold yet.  At least she did that for me.  She wasn’t cold yet.”
She lay her cheek along Kat’s, her eyes closed.  Time passed.  Finally she lifted her head and looked into Kat’s eyes.
“I didn’t start on the pills then.  I can’t blame anything on my mother.  I was already on pills in third grade.  I have no idea how many dozens of different pills I have been on, but there has always been some pill since I was eight.  I was goofy in class.  Everyone said I was goofy in class.  And I am sure I was goofy at home too.  So they put me on pills.  Different year, different pills, but always pills.  My mother would mix them in my food to make sure I took them.  I put yours in the mashed potatoes.  Three.  Maybe two would have been better.  But you are so big.  They did calm you though, didn’t they?  Even now, after I have bound you tight.”
She kissed Kat on the cheek, then slid her fingers over Kat’s face.
“Your skin is a bit rough.  Afghanistan?  Iraq?  What do you soldiers call it – ‘sandland’?  Too much sand, and too much sun.  I have some moisturizer I would like you to try.  But I bet you won’t.  You think you don’t need it.  And you are right.  Your face tells a story.  A very different story than mine.”
She kissed Kat again.
“Do you feel a bit of me?  From the pills?  A calm.  A bit of confusion.  Things going a bit too slow.  And weakness.  Men take me when I am like this.  And I let them.  At the bar I find a man I might like.  We drive to my apartment.  I always take another one of these pills while we have a glass of wine.  And I unlock my dresser drawer and give him the ropes.”
She pulled the straps down past Kat’s shoulders, her slip and bra now down near her waist.  And she put her mouth on Kat’s breasts.  She used her tongue, and her lips, and her mouth, sucking on one, and then the other.  Kat’s breathing changed.  And her back arched.  Lisa kept her mouth on Kat’s breasts while she moved her hand down between her legs. She did what she did with her hand, and her mouth, and she heard Kat gasp.



Chapter 40
The Final Secret

Lisa held Kat all night, her arms around her shoulders, her face pressed against her cheek.  Her weight was on Kat all night – her hips, her chest.  She held Kat tight, and rode her chest as Kat breathed.  She kissed Kat’s cheek a million times and fought sleep so she could enjoy every moment of their night together.  But in the end, she slept.
She woke to Kat moving under her.  She knew what Kat was doing – testing the bindings on her wrists and ankles.  She waited until Kat was done.  She wanted Kat to know she was not free.
“I have a secret, Kat.  I want you to hear it.  I want you to feel it.  I think you feel some of it now.”  Kat moved her mouth around the gag, but didn’t attempt to say anything.
“You’ll have to wait a bit for the secret.  While you wait, you can feel what I want you to feel, right?  I have you.  And I will do what I want with you.  Oddly, the first thing I want to do is tell you how much I love you.  Your wrists and ankles might be telling you differently, but trust me.  I do love you.  And, given your situation, you do need to trust me.  Now. For some things I want to tell you.
“Yesterday you asked why I didn’t tell you about Kayli.  I told you some things.  Let me add to that, and tell you about you.”  She held her face just above Kat’s, looking at her eyes.  They were fully open.  The effects of the drug were largely over.  Good.  Kat would hear and remember.
“I have always been Loony Lisa.  I was Loony Lisa in third grade.  I was Loony Lisa in high school.  Everyone knew I was on all kinds of drugs.  I had a couple idiots try to buy pills from me.  After high school I joined the mass of people leaving Iron River.  The mine was closed.  Why stay?  In my case, a new town meant a new start.  But of course I fucked that up the first time I had one of my fits.”
She looked down at Kat.  “With me?”  Kat nodded, then moved her head.
“No, the gag stays in.  It matters.  You are learning my secrets.  You are feeling my secrets.  The me you are feeling doesn’t get to talk when she wants, or move when she wants.  She waits, and does what others want her to do.  And she hopes – she hopes – they don’t want to hurt her.”
She held Kat’s gaze for a minute, emphasizing her words, then continued.
“When was I not Loony Lisa?  With my daughter.  My beautiful daughter.  My daughter with the long hair I could brush.  My daughter with the nails I could polish.  My daughter who sometimes wore a dress matching my own. I loved that girl with all my heart.  You know I did.”
She looked down and saw Kat nod.
“Then in the last year, Jim hired me.  To work the bar.  On my own.  Loony Lisa trusted to run a bar six or eight hours a day, just like a normal person.  Of course he wanted to fuck me, and he did.  Often.  Sorry.  I assume you knew that.  If you and he weren’t getting it on, he would be all over me.  Sometimes he tied me, sometimes he didn’t.  Either way, he fucked my brains out.  I have no idea why you have not gotten him to the altar.  Until you do, he’s welcome in my bed.”
She stopped and looked at Kat.
“Sorry.  That was not the point of the story.  What I started to explain was why I didn’t tell you about Kayli.  In additional to the other reasons, there was the obvious one.  I got to be with you.  And we were out in public together.  Loony Lisa and Major Kat – the most successful woman in Marinette County.  Probably Florence County too.  People saw me with you.  People saw you listening to me, taking me seriously.  Me.  As we searched the county.  And we took on a druggie.  Me.  With you.  I know I was being selfish, but I didn’t want that to end.”
She looked down at Kat.  “Do you understand?”  Kat nodded, even moved her face around the gag.  A smile?
“Thank you.”  She ran her fingers over Kat’s cheek.  “It matters more than you can imagine.”
There was a long pause as Lisa prepared her next words.  She ran her fingers through Kat’s hair, smiled at her, kissed her several times.  And waited.
“There was a hospital they took me to when the drugs weren’t enough.  I never knew why certain things would set me off.  I still don’t.  But every five or six months, the drugs just didn’t work.  And the cops would take me to the psych ward.  Three or four days usually.  They’d calm me down, hit me with a new prescription, and talk with me.  I got to know the docs and trust them.  They seemed like friends.
“This one time – the last time - I don’t know what happened.  Maybe everyone was on vacation, and who knows, maybe they were tired of me.  All I know is I got a shot of something and was locked in a room.  Night comes, and this orderly puts me in bed.  He’s a young guy.  Like maybe so new he gets stuck on the night shift.  Big guy.  He puts me in full restraints.  He does the rest of the ward, makes his rounds, and then he is back.  He puts a gag on me, and I protest, but it’s not like I can stop him.  Then he gets undressed.  And I know what’s coming.  And there isn’t a damn thing I can do about it.  Like you.  Right now.  I can’t move.  I can’t scream.  I just have to lay there and take it.  But once isn’t enough.  He fucks me over and over.  If he could have gotten a hundred erections, he would have fucked me a hundred times.  He’s heavy, and he hurts, but I can’t stop him.  He is at me all night.  And I can’t do anything about it.”
Lisa moved on Kat, simulating her rape.  She pressed her hips, and put her hands on Kat’s throat.  When Kat tried to move, Lisa looked down at her.
“Helpless.  Right?  Nothing you can do.”  She moved her hands from Kat’s throat to her cheeks and held her face.
“The next morning I think this is done.  I have made it through the night.  My doctor will come for me.  But she doesn’t.  I am still locked in my room all day.  I get pills and a little food.  I tell the nurse I am afraid of the night orderly.  She just stares at me.  She make a note on some chart.  Says not a word to me.
“Night comes, and he is back.  Gag again, restraints again, rape again.  He smiles at me, like maybe we are friends, and I am enjoying this.  I am screaming through the gag, and he just laughs.  All night.  He goes out, does his rounds, I can hear him in the hall, and I can hear him come back.  And he takes me again.  And I can’t do a thing.
“Next morning I am begging the nurse to let me out.  Or at least let me talk to my shrink.  She gives me pills and makes a note in my file.  I start screaming at her.  She has orderlies come and restrain me, and she gives me another pill.  And, that night the orderly is back again.  Gag, restraints, rape.  I am screaming, crying, trying to tear free, and nothing helps.  He does what he wants to do.  And I have to take it.”
Kat was crying as she listened.  Lisa brushed the tears from her cheeks and kissed her.
“Sympathy.  Good.  But can you really feel it Kat?  I have been thinking of a way to help you understand.  I’m thinking I will leave you here – like this – and I will call Jim from my apartment.  I’ll invite him up this evening.  He’ll come.  He always does.  But I’ll also use your phone to send him some texts.  You met a woman last weekend and have gone to her place in Madison.  You think she is the one.  You are tired of him.  You want her.  Good bye, Jim.  And while I send those texts and fuck your man, you will do nothing.  I will take him, and you can’t stop me.”
Kat shook her head.
“Don’t want me to do that?”
Kat shook her head and made some sound around her gag.
“Do you want to beg me, Kat?”  Lisa reached behind Kat’s neck and untied the gag.  “Go ahead, Kat.  Beg me.  I begged for three days and it did me no good.”
“I don’t need to beg you.  You won’t do any of that.  That’s not who you are.  I am so sorry for what happened to you.  But you are my friend.  You won’t hurt me.”
Lisa put the gag back in Kat’s mouth and retied it.
“Maybe you are right.  Maybe I won’t do that.  But I could.”  She held her face just above Kat’s, her hands on Kat’s cheeks.  “But you are my friend.  And you are brave.  You will never feel what I felt those nights.  With him on and in me, calling me by my name, and telling me I was his girlfriend.  We would have a great time after I was released.  I would have his baby.  He smiled, slid his hand over my breast and told me I would be his baby mama.
“And that solved the problem.  That was it.  Everything clicked.  I smiled back, and mumbled something.  He needed to take my gag off to understand me.  And I asked where he lived, and if he had a girlfriend, and if he really wanted me to have his baby.  And that loser spent the rest of the shift telling me how he would take care of me.  He made eleven twenty an hour and had an apartment of his own.  He would treat me well.  And be a good father to our son.”
Kat was crying again.  Lisa stopped, and wiped the tears from Kat’s face.  She kissed her cheeks and smiled down at her.
“You don’t get it, Kat.  And that’s my big secret.  I was already pregnant.  At least I was pretty sure.  Lou was at my apartment half the time he told Amy he was out on a run.  We had been going at it for months.  I was scared to death I was pregnant, and if I was, how was I going to tell Amy?  She and I had been lovers since the tenth grade.  Now suddenly we are both being shagged by Lou.  That wasn’t going to go over well.  But now, I could blame it all on this orderly.  I would tell all about it to Amy, and we would decide whether to press charges or not, but either way, now I had a guy to blame for the baby.
“The next morning, my head was on straight, I smiled at everyone, looked calm – because I was calm – and they released me.  Amy asked me to file a complaint.  I did, and the guy was fired.  He left town, and my baby daddy was gone.”
Lisa looked down at Kat.  She played a bit with Kat’s hair, and kissed her cheeks.
“That’s my story.  Now you know who Kayli’s father really is.  You can’t tell Amy or Lou.  Agreed?”
Kat nodded.
“And now I should untie you, but I like this.  Sometimes when you hold me, you don’t hold me long enough.  And sometimes I can feel you are thinking about something other than me.  Now, at least for a little longer, I will hold you as long as I want.  And there is nothing in your world but me.  And I feel good, right?”
Kat nodded.
“Then let’s do this a little longer.”



Chapter 41
“Is it safe?”

An hour later they were in the shower, washing each other, but mostly holding each other.
“In the future, no drugs, no ropes.”
“You didn’t like it?”
“Lisa, I liked the way you held me.  I liked the feel of you on my hips and chest all night.  You are sexy as hell.  And I liked that you talk to me.  You trust me.  But in the future, if you think I am not holding you long enough, just tell me that.  We are friends, and lovers.  We can talk to each other about that.”
“Still friends?”
“Still friends.  And lovers.”  Kat kissed Lisa, and pressed her back against the shower wall.  Their hands were pretty much everywhere for a while.  Then Lisa put both hands on Kat’s cheeks to hold her head.
“Kat, I can’t go back to Amy.”
“You can stay here.”  Kat pushed some of the hair away from Lisa’s face and took a good look at her.  Something else was going on.  This wasn’t about where Lisa might spend the night.  Kat straightened up.  “What haven’t you told me?”
“Amy killed Lou, and if I go back to her, she will kill me.”
Kat shut off the shower.  This was not a time for distractions.  No water, no noise.  She stood with Lisa while the water drained off their bodies, then she pulled two towels off a nearby shelf.  She took her time.  She waited while they both dried themselves and dressed.  Kat went with jeans and a sweater.  Lisa wore her ice blue shift again.  
Kat took her hand and led the way into the kitchen.  She stirred up a pot of oatmeal while Lisa made coffee and set the table.  They would eat in the kitchen.
“Tell me when you are ready.”  They sat at a corner of the table, their knees touching, but their bodies turned so they could study each other’s face.  Kat needed to watch Lisa tell the story, and Lisa needed to watch Kat react to it.  Before she started, Lisa took Kat's hand.  Her grip was strong, but Kat could also feel the hand shake.
“Lou came for me.  The day Kayli was killed.”  Lisa paused, and then rushed on.  “This didn’t happen all the time.  Really, Kat.  There was that time before Kayli was born, and there were maybe two more times in all the years after that.  I didn’t want him, and he knew it.  So mostly he stayed away.”  Her grip on Kat’s hand tightened.  She stopped, and waited.  She needed Kat to say something.
“Okay.  I understand that.  You loved Amy, and you were loyal to her.”
“Yes.”  Lisa sat a bit straighter and smiled.  “I did love her, and I was loyal.  And Amy and I were together many nights while Lou was driving cross country.  She was my lover.  Not him.”  Kat nodded general understanding, and waited for Lisa to continue.
“That afternoon, I was getting ready to go to work, and Lou was at my door.  I let him in, and he just took me.  He was hot, he wanted to fuck, and he did.  I was on my back thirty seconds after he got inside my apartment.”  As she talked, Lisa was monitoring Kat’s reaction.  Her whole body was turned toward Kat, her eyes staring into Kat’s.  Kat could see she wanted a reaction.  Kat nodded.  Did that mean she approved?  Understood?  Agreed?  Kat wasn’t sure how her movements were being interpreted, but she wanted Lisa to know she was listening.
“We went at it for hours.  And it wasn’t rape.  Even when he tied me up and gagged me, I have to be honest.  I liked most of it.  He was rough, but not too rough.  Okay?  He did me, he took me, he did what he wanted, but it wasn’t rape.”  She waited for another reaction from Kat.  Kat wasn’t sure what to do.  Did she nod to this too?  She was certain she should not interrupt.  And she should not argue about what was rape.  Maybe later.  Now was the time to listen.  So, after a pause, she nodded.  Lisa continued.
“Any way you can have sex, we had sex.  Every position, all afternoon.  And he took pictures.  He used my phone.  It was always in his hand or nearby.  He took pictures of everything.  He said ‘souvenirs for you.’  Fifty shots, maybe sixty.  Every angle.  Sometimes I was bound and gagged, sometimes it was me and him lying next to each other smiling up at the camera.  He took so many pictures he wore down the battery on my phone.  So he tied me to the bed, gagged me, and went out to get a few beers while my phone recharged.”  
There was a longer pause after that description.  Lis looked down at her oatmeal, picked up a spoon, then put it down and stared off into the distance.  Kat held her hand.  And waited.
“He was drunk when he came back.  But really pleased with himself.  He took off his clothes and laid down on top of me.  I thought he might crush me.  I could barely breathe.  But he had this big smile on his face.  He had my phone in his hand, and he held it close where I could see.  He was going through the pictures, and I thought he wanted me to see them.  Souvenirs of our day together.”  Another pause.  Another look at Kat.  Her face was a question mark, but Kat wasn’t sure what she was asking.  Did she want Kat to stop her story?  Kat didn’t, so Lisa continued.
“He started texting the pictures.  To Amy.  From my phone.  Like I wanted her to see them.  Once I saw what he was doing, I started yelling for him to stop, but of course I was bound and gagged, so I was just making silly noises.  He said something like, ‘It’s time you two broke it off.  It’s you and me from now on.’  And then he started adding text to the pictures.  Stuff like, ‘I plan to treat him better than you,’ and ‘He always loved me more.’  Some of it was a lot rougher than that.  Things you say, and once they are said, there is no way back.  There can be no forgiveness.”  She started pulling her hand from Kat’s, but Kat held tight.
“Keep going, Lisa.  You’re being very brave.”
“I wasn’t brave that night.  I was just a piece of meat he was fucking.”
“When did it end?”
“It must have been midnight by the time he had sent her all the pictures and all the ugly words.  My battery was dead again.  So he put down my phone and stayed on me the rest of the night.  He fucked me again in the morning, then untied me so I could make him breakfast.  Oh, and while I made him breakfast, he kept me gagged.  He told me it was my job to listen.  And I did.  He told me how he was leaving Amy.  He was going back home to get his clothes, and then he was moving in with me.”
She stopped and looked directly at Kat.
“It gets worse.  Not only do I not take off my gag and scream at him, I just stand here when he leaves.  And, after he is gone, I go to my bedroom and look in my closet.  I look at what I have hanging on that rod, and I slide my things to one side to make room for him.”
Kat slid her chair around the corner of the table, and pulled Lisa to her.  Lisa rested her head on Kat’s shoulder.  The two sat together.  Then Lisa whispered the end of the story.
“About an hour later I heard my phone.  A text.  I opened it.  Lou was on his back on his driveway.  It looked like a chunk of his neck was missing.  There was blood on his face, and a pool of blood like a halo around the side of his head.  No message.  Just that image.”
Lisa kept her face against Kat’s cheek.  Her arms were tight around Kat’s neck.  Kat slowly stroked her hair, then pulled her up.
“I guess neither of us is going to eat this oatmeal.  Let’s go somewhere more comfortable.”  She led Lisa to the couch in front of the fireplace, and pressed the switch for a fire.  They sat side by side, still in each other’s arms.
“Lisa, what do you think?  Leave the fireplace gas, or convert it back to wood burning?”
“I like the smell of a wood fire, but if it were wood, you would be up every two minutes adding logs of pushing wood around.  This is better.”
“I agree.”
“Kat, you know I’m not right.  I have never been right.”
“You have been mostly right.  If you were rich, people would just say you have a few quirks.”  They watched the fire for a while, their heads together, their feet pulled up under them, their thighs pressed against each other.
“She killed Lou, Kat.”
“You didn’t tell the police.”
“I still love her, Kat.”
“You’ve been together a long time.”
“But I am afraid of her now.”
“I’m going to go see her this morning.  Do you want to go with me?”
“No.  And you shouldn’t go either.  She’s dangerous.”  Lisa had grabbed Kat’s face and was turning it towards her.
“I spoke with Dave Kekkonen.  The deputies will come for her today or tomorrow.  I want to talk to her first – about Kayli.”
“She won’t talk to you.”
“Maybe.  But I want to ask.  Kayli left that home for a reason.  She was just a girl, no shoes, no license, and a sorry excuse for a car.  She wanted to see you.  Why?  What couldn’t wait?”
It was obvious Lisa didn’t want Kat to go.  She held her tight, kissed her, and pressed against her in that ice blue sheath.  But in the end, she let Kat pull herself away.  Kat made one last stop before she left the lodge.  She Googled Banat Town Hall.  Office hours.  Tuesday and Thursday morning - 9 to noon.  Morning.  Nine to noon.  Morning.  Kat put on a heavy coat and backed her bus back out into the cold.  In her pocket was a nine millimeter Smith and Wesson.



Chapter 42
Root Cellar

Amy was waiting for her.  Not that Kat’s minibus would ever sneak up on anyone.  Big, loud, it had to climb a long hill.  By the time Kat was parked, Amy was already out on her porch, right hand behind her back.  Kat took out her pistol, chambered a round, checked the safety, then put the gun back in her coat pocket.  Kat took two steps toward the house while Amy descended the stairs.  The two women stopped and stared at each other.
“What happens next, Amy?”  Kat wasn’t quite shouting, but there was good stretch of driveway between them, and Kat wanted to be heard.
“We could have a gun fight, or we could talk.”  She brought her shotgun around and rested the barrel in the crook of her left arm.  Her right hand held the trigger assembly.  The barrel was directed at the garage, not at Kat, but it wouldn’t take much to change where it pointed.
“Have you used that shotgun, Amy?”
“Yes, I’m afraid I have.”
Kat remained motionless.  She slowed her breathing.  She spoke just loud enough to be heard.  And she spoke slowly.
“Did Lou deserve it?”
“If anyone deserved it, he did.”
“Do you plan to confess when they come for you?”
“Did you tell them about me?”
“I told a deputy Kayli had lived here.  They’ll figure out the rest.”
“I told you.  We were at work when she left.”
“Lou was in Niagara with Lisa.  But you were here.  You lied about working afternoons.  You work mornings.  You were here when Kayli left.  You were here when something happened to Kayli.”
Amy stared at Kat.  Kat watched the barrel of her shotgun.  Neither woman said anything.
“You need to know some things.  You need to hear some things.  In there.”  She motioned with the shotgun toward the garage.
“Amy, I am armed.  If I ever see the barrel of that gun pointed at me, I will shoot you.”
“I appreciate the warning.  Shall we?”  She motioned again toward the garage.
The garage was long and deep, intended to be a combination garage and barn.  Bags of fertilizer were stacked at the far end.  A small tractor took up the next section.  One of the bays was empty.  Kat guessed the Harvester had parked there.  The door to that bay was up.  Kat walked in and stood waiting and watching as Amy followed her in.  Kat pointed to the empty space.
“How did you keep that old thing running?”
“Lou had big plans for that piece of junk.  He fixed up one of the wheels so it would drive a saw.  He actually cut some lumber up in that woods behind the house.  He used it for a weekend, ended up with maybe twenty boards and a headache from all the noise.  That was it.  Then it was just a field car.  He let Kayli drive it around the farm.”
Amy pointed with her shotgun again.  This time towards a stack of hay bales against a wall.
“The last bale on the right, Kat.  Just slide it out of the way.”
Kat slowly moved to the hay, never turning her back on Amy.  She pulled the one bale into an area between her and Amy.  If she needed it, she now had some protection from shotgun pellets.
“There’s a light switch to your right, and a door at your feet.”  Kat turned on the light and carefully lifted the door.  She saw a ladder leading down to a room.
“I’m not going down there, Amy.”
“Very sensible.  An obvious trap.  You go down, I close the door and pull over some hay bales.  But that is not what this is about.  Move to where you think you are safe, and I’ll go down first.”
Kat backed away from the door, her hand in her coat pocket.  Amy walked past her.  Shotgun in her right hand, she steadied herself on the ladder with her left hand.  She was quickly down into the room and out of sight.
“Your turn, Kat.”
Kat stood above the ladder.  The obvious move was to stay right where she was, and call the Menominee County Sheriff’s office.  She would be completely vulnerable as she descended the ladder.  She would have reprimanded any soldier in her command for doing something so stupid.
But she went anyway.  She took the pistol out of her pocket, took off the safety, and held it in her right hand as she took one step, then dropped to the floor, her pistol pointed toward the direction she had seen Amy move.
The room was about twelve by twenty.  Most of it was occupied by fifty pound bags of potatoes.  Amy sat on one of the bags.  Her shotgun was several feet away, resting on a rolled up blue tarp.
“Pretty dramatic, Kat.  And brave.  I hope you didn’t hurt yourself dropping down here like that.”
Kat straightened herself.  She had landed on the balls of her feet, knees bent.  No damage.
“I was curious what you grew here.”
“We were supposed to be self-sufficient on ten acres.  As you can see, at least we will never run out of potatoes.  Grab a seat.”  Amy pointed to one of the bags across from her.
Kat sat on a bag of potatoes.  Not the most comfortable seat.  She positioned herself so she was close to the shotgun and to Amy.  She was also close enough to get a good look at the rolled up tarp.  
“Lou?”
“I thought this was a good enough place to put him until the ground thawed out.”
“They’ll find him before then.”
“Maybe.  But I sure as hell didn’t want him in the house.”
“So now you tell me why you did it?”  Kat had listened to confessions.  Sometimes killers bragged.  Sometimes they cried.  Generally they said far more than their attorneys would like.  What she saw in Amy was a woman with a plan.  Determined to tell her story.  Determined to get to the end of it.
“I’ll tell you what happened.  First tell me about Lisa.  I heard she is living with you.  That time I came to see you, I was hoping to see her, to know if she was okay.”
“She was with me for a while.  Then she left.  Yesterday she came back.”
“Will you let her stay?”
“We are lovers, Amy.  I hope she will stay.”
“She needs someone like you.”
“She said you two became lovers in tenth grade.”
Amy smiled for the first time.  “We didn’t have any idea what we were doing.  I just invited her for a sleep over.  And, we did more than sleep.  We had more sleep overs, and I guess my mother finally figured out what was going on.  She didn’t stop me, although she did push me towards Lou.”
”And after Lou?”  Kat adjusted herself on the potato sack.  She safetied her weapon and put it in her pocket.  Settling in.  For reasons of her own, Amy had decided this was where she would tell her story.  Kat would be patient and listen.
“She was over here plenty.  Lou did cross country hauling for a while.  There was plenty of time for Lisa and me.”
“And you took her baby.”
Amy had been sitting fairly erect on her potatoes, looking comfortable, like she greeted all her guests in her root cellar.  Just a normal place for a normal conversation.  Now, for the first time, she looked uncomfortable.  Her eyes darted down, and her head dropped.
“She told you her secret?”  Amy’s head was still down.  She lifted her eyes to look at Kat, pulling a lock of hair out of her face as she watched for Kat’s response.
“You mean the hospital orderly?”
“No, I mean the real secret.”  She waited, and watched.  She studied Kat’s face.  “I can see she did.  But you want to keep her secret.  Good.  Now I want you to keep another secret.  I knew all along it was Lou’s baby.  I can count weeks.  I may not be a doctor, but I can count.  But you are not to tell her I know.”
“I won’t.”
“I don’t know why she did it with him.  She probably doesn’t know.  But they went at it for about a month.  In the end, I think it may have been what sent her over the edge and put her in that psych ward.”
“It must have been hard for you.  She brings you the baby, and you know it is his.”
“It was a baby.  A beautiful baby.”  Amy smiled and lifted her head, looking straight at Kat.  “Somehow I wasn’t getting pregnant, and now I had a baby.  Lisa was over all the time, and it was like we shared it.  Kayli brought us closer together.  I was scared Lisa was going to take the baby to her place in Niagara, but she was working some minimum wage job, and taking some serious medications.  And, I think she wanted the baby to be with me, just as much as I wanted it.”
“A boy baby.”  Kat watched Amy, but saw no special reaction.  No unease.
“A boy.  And then a girl.  I don’t know why Lisa put dresses on him at first.  But they were cute.  Baby girls with those big dresses hanging over their diapers.  She did it once or twice, and then she started doing it all the time.  And she decided the baby’s name was Kayli.”
“And you let her.”
“I was selfish.  I know that.  But I was thinking, if she really was a girl, it would save lots of problems down the road.  Not having someone say ‘your son looks more and more like Lou every day.’”
“And Kayli was okay with that?”
“Kayli grew into the girliest girl ever.  As soon as she was old enough to dress herself, she always put on a dress.  She liked having barrettes in her hair.  She was wearing nail polish at five.  She was happy being a girl.  And I was relieved.”
“Amy, she drove a car into a building.  Something wasn’t right.”  Kat was leaning forward on her elbows, closing the space between her and Amy.  Also closing the space to the shotgun.
“I thought maybe I had screwed up her hormones.  She hit puberty.  Time for hormones.  You can get anything you need on the Internet.  And I was in a mother’s chat group about what to do and how to help with the transition.  But December came and she was, well, she was like a cat in heat.  I thought hormones, and then you told me about that girl at the bookstore.”  She looked at Kat, waiting for a reaction.  Kat sat motionless.  Amy paused, then went back to her description.
“She thinks that girl is questioning whether she is really a girl, so she tries to prove it.  If she had been in high school, I am sure she would have been in some boy’s back seat.  But she wasn’t in high school.  And the only male around was Lou.  And she was all over him.  She hadn’t come into our room since she was six, but now, if we didn’t get out of bed fast enough, she would crawl in with us, and she’d be wearing a satin nightgown I never should have let her order out of Amazon.  Or he’d be lying on the couch watching TV, and she would push her way on to the couch, her back to him, her ass pressed against him.  She was teasing the hell out of him.”
Amy paused for emphasis, watching Kat for any reaction.  Kat nodded her head slightly.  She was listening.  But she said nothing.
“I told her to stop.  But she’s thirteen, almost fourteen, and in her mind she is almost eighteen.  She pays no attention to me.  She’s walking around the house in a slip.  She insists on a goodnight kiss – a long one.  Anytime he says anything, she is staring at him like he is Moses delivering the Ten Commandments.  And, he is looking back.  He knows exactly what is going on, and he doesn’t stop it.  I tried with him.  I figure if she won’t listen, at least I can pound some sense into him.  She’s thirteen.  He shouldn’t be anywhere near her.  We had a shouting match down here one time.  He just pushed me away.”
Another pause.  She is breathing hard.  Getting louder.  
“And he doesn’t know it, but she is his daughter.  I came so close to telling him.  So close.”  Another pause, and she lowered her voice to nearly a whisper.  “Maybe if I had.   But then we would have had a huge fight over Lisa.  I just didn’t want to go there.  I should have.”
She was staring at the floor again, her hair falling forward and shielding much of her face.  As she finished her story she sometimes glanced up at Kat, but mostly talked to the floor.
“The day she died, I had been in the kitchen doing one thing or another.  I thought I heard whispering, so I went to check.  They were in her bedroom.  The door was open.  They wanted me to see.  She was on her knees, opening his pants.  He had a hand on the back of her head.  When they heard me at the door, they both looked at me.  Both looked proud of themselves, her looking like – see, I’m a woman now.  I can do what grown women do.  He’s almost sneering at me, looking like – you don’t like to do this, but you’re not the only woman in the house.
“I lost it completely.  I just flew at him.  I threw some punches, but he had sixty pounds on me.  He blocked my punches and then beat the hell out of me.  I thought he was going to kill me.  It just went on and on while he shouted at me, and Kayli screamed at me.  Finally he just knocked me onto her bed, and left.”
Amy continued talking to the floor.
“It got worse.  I hurt everywhere.  But as I lay there, trying to wipe the blood off my face, Kayli screamed at me.  He was her man now.  I wasn’t treating him right.  She would.  He was going to divorce me.  He would take her off someplace, and as soon as she turned eighteen, they would get married.”
Amy hesitated for a long time, finally looking up at Kat is if she were pleading.
“I couldn’t help myself.  I hurt so badly I thought I was going to throw up, and Kayli just wouldn’t stop.  She went on and on.  I needed to get out of there, but it hurt to move.  Finally I was able to stand.  And I went to the door.  And I said what I never should have said.  I said, ‘you can’t marry him.  He’s your father.’  She started screaming about the hospital and the rape, and I said, ‘Ask your mother.’”
“I locked her in her room, washed some of the blood off my face, and collapsed on my bed.  When I woke up, she was gone.  She had snuck out one of her windows and gone for her car.”
The room was cold, and quiet.  Kat reached across the space between them, her hand out far enough that Amy could take it if she wished.
“Amy, you shouldn’t blame yourself for…”
That’s as far as she got before Amy interrupted.
“Kat, I didn’t bring you down here to ask for your sympathy.  I have two promises I need you to make.”  She was leaning forward, not to take Kat’s hand, but to emphasize her demands.  She pulled her hair back out of her face, and hooked it behind her ears.  She wanted Kat to see her face, and its intensity.  “Two promises.”
“About Kayli?”
“About Lisa.”
“What do you want of me?”
“A story.  A version of the truth.  The deputies will come for me.  You’re right about that.  Maybe today, maybe tomorrow.  Things don’t move very fast up here.  But you talked to your deputy, and he’ll talk to one of ours, and someone will come up to check on us.  They’ll see his truck in the drive and want to know where he is.  I won’t lie.”
“When did you kill him?”
“The next morning.  After Kayli was gone, I started driving up to Niagara.  I thought she might be there.  And I started getting texts from Lisa.  And pictures.  Endless pictures of her and Lou.  He’d been there for hours.  Had her tied up and gagged.  Yet somehow she is sending me texts?  How stupid am I supposed to be?  So I went home to wait for him.  He gets here the next morning, crossing the drive like he is the cock of the walk.  Said if he wanted a woman, he could always have Lisa – or her daughter.  Laughed at me.  He didn’t laugh much when I pulled out the twelve gauge.  I shot him as he crossed the drive.  One in his legs to knock him down, and then one in the throat so I would never have to listen to him again.”
She motioned over toward the blue tarp.  “He deserved it.”
“And what do you want from me?”
“A story.  I took pictures of my bruises.  That will be my story.  He beat me, I shot him.  Nothing about what he was doing with Kayli.  Nothing about him and Lisa.  Kayli was frightened by the beating, by Lou, and ran to her mother.  Apparently she couldn’t control that old car.  That’s my story.  And it’s the story you will tell Lisa.  She doesn’t need to know about her daughter.  You and I talked, I told you about the beating, Kayli was frightened and left.  That’s your story.”
“She thinks you’re angry at her for having sex with Lou.”
“Tell her I still love her.  I’m just glad he didn’t beat her like he beat me.”
“Okay.  I can do that.”
“Promise.”
“I promise.”  Kat reached out her hand.  Amy shook it.
Amy stood and wiped dirt and dust off the back of her jeans.
“Being below ground like this is supposed to preserve vegetables.  Mostly it does, but it is hell hoisting them back up that ladder.  Besides, it’s cold down here.  Let’s get out of here.”
She led the way up the ladder.  Kat stood at the bottom and thought again, all it would take would be a quick closure of the door and a couple bales of hay, and she would be trapped.  Odd thought to have, but then Amy had already put one body down in that hole, and her life might be much simpler if Lou – and Kat – just disappeared.  When the way was clear, Kat scrambled up the ladder pretty quickly.
They had just stepped out of the garage when they saw the squad coming down the road.  It was a ways off, but still, they had just a minute or two before it would be parked in front of them.
“I thought at least we would have time for a cup of coffee before they arrived.”  Amy didn’t seem too upset.  She stood and watched the car.
“Time for the second promise.”  She took a step closer to Kat, faced her eye to eye.  “Even with a couple dozen pictures of bruises and a good story to match, you can’t just kill people.  I’m going to be gone for a while.  And there’s Lisa.”
“Don’t worry.  I’ll take care of her.”
“Not good enough.”  She pushed a finger into Kat’s chest.  “She’s not a ward.  Not some charity case you adopt.  She’s a very beautiful, very complex woman.  Do you love her?”
“Yes.”
“So you say.  I want to hear that when you hold her you never want to let her go.  You ache to feel her arms around your neck.  You wake and instantly slide your hands across her body.  I want you to tell me you want her, you love her, and your deepest fear is that she might someday leave you.”
“I held her in the shower this morning and pressed the water from her hair.  I watched those drops slide down her back and across her perfect ass.  All I want from today is to finish this so I can get back to her.”
“Promise me you will always love her.”
“I promise.”
Amy kissed Kat’s cheek and held her hand as the deputy drove up the hill.  The two women stood very still.  Both calm as the car stopped in front of them.



Chapter 43
Lisa

The young deputy was professional, but confused.  He had been told by dispatch to do a welfare check on the couple living at the top of the hill.  Amy explained that she was fine, but her husband was lying dead in their root cellar.  She had shot him.  He asked her to get into the back seat of his cruiser while he called his commander.
Kat stood waiting.  She kept her hands in plain sight, even though it was cold, and her pockets would have been much warmer.  But her pocket also contained a pistol the deputy had not checked for.  The deputy sat in his car, talking to Amy, and waiting for backup.  Menominee County is like Marinette County.  All the population lives down by the bay.  So that is where all the county offices are.  Kat stood in the cold forty minutes before she saw another cruiser coming up the road, lights flashing
A third cruiser followed close behind.  A supervisor.  Now, with three officers on site, Kat was interviewed.  She produced identification, and suggested they call Deputy Kekkonen.  Two more conversations, and three phone calls later, she was allowed to leave.  She waved to Amy, and drove off.
The easy part of her morning was over.  Now she had to talk to Lisa.
Lisa was waiting at the door, wearing her ice blue shimmer and a face that alternated between hope and terror.  Kat held her in her arms and decided what to say first.  She started with Amy.
“Amy is not mad at you.  She was worried about you.  Lou beat her up pretty badly, and she was afraid he might do the same to you.”
“So I can see her?”
“Not for a while.  She is under arrest.  They came for her this morning.”
“Because of Lou.”
“Like I said, he beat her pretty badly.  She was afraid he might beat you, or even Kayli.  So she shot him.”
“So that’s why…”
“Yes, that’s why Kayli came to the bar.  She was afraid of Lou.”
At that point the conversation stopped.  Kat was still holding Lisa, but she could sense she was drifting away.  It was a lot of information to process.  Lisa’ arms were around Kat, and her head was pressed into her shoulder.  Kat held her gently and stroked her hair.  And then she felt Lisa start shaking.  She thought at first she might be crying, but when she looked at her face, all she saw was Lisa staring out the door.  She was talking, but so quietly Kat had to lower her head to understand.
“They’ll keep Amy.  They’ll put her in a little room.  She’ll be gone.  She’ll be gone.”  Her voice got quieter, but her lips were still moving as she repeated that Amy would be gone.  And her eyes never moved.  She was staring out over the expanse of snow, while her body began shaking more and more violently.
Kat was losing her.  She had never seen one of Lisa’s fits before, but it was obvious she was starting one now.  She had lost a daughter, and now she was losing Amy.  She couldn’t deal with it.  Kat held her tighter, kissed the top of her head, stroked her hair.  No response.  Finally she put her hand on the back of Lisa’s head, turned her face up, and lowered her own so they were almost nose to nose.
“Lisa, I need your help.  I’m scared.  I was there when the deputies came.  Lisa, help me.”  She repeated the phrases several times, pulling Lisa tightly against her as she said them.  “Help me.”
Lisa’s eyes moved.  She looked up at Kat.  Her eyelids fluttered and then she focused.
“Help?”  
“There were deputies.  Three cars.  They made me stand in the cold.  I was so frightened.  I just stood there shaking.”
“Yes.”  Her eyes stayed on Kat.
“Hold me, Lisa.  Hold me tight.  Please.”
Lisa tightened her arms around Kat.  And she reached up to kiss her.
“Thank you, Lisa.  It feels so good when you hold me.  And I love you in this dress.  You look so beautiful.”
“How long will Amy be gone?  Will they keep her?”
“She was defending herself, and Kayli, and you.  They may keep her for a while, but you will get her back.”
“And you?”  She stared up at Kat, her eyes were now questioning.
“I need you to hold me, and talk to me, and be with me.  Please.”
“I made you lunch.”  Kat noticed she was no longer shaking.  The expression on her face was questioning.  Tentative.  But she was talking loud enough for Kat to hear, and looking at her as she spoke.
“I would like that.  Would you like me to change?”
“Your belt buckle hurts me when I hold you close.  And your sweater is rough on my face.”
“I’ll take them off.”  Kat stepped out of her jeans, and pulled her sweater over her head.  “Now, will you show me what you want me to wear?”
Lisa led Kat into her bedroom, and pointed to a yellow cocktail dress.  Bare shoulders, short skirts.  Kat would be cold.  But she wore it.
The afternoon went well.  Lisa had made a vegetable soup.  They went through that pretty quickly and then gathered on the couch before the fireplace.  They sat close.  Kat pulled her bare legs under her, and held Lisa against her shoulders.  
Lisa told stories about Amy.  Things they had done in high school.  Silly things that had happened in classes.  Lots about Amy.  Amy had been on the prom court.  Amy’s wedding had been so beautiful.  Then Lisa talked about Kayli.  The early days.  Her first steps.  Driving into Menominee so she could trick or treat in a Disney princess dress, both Amy and Lisa there to watch and take a million pictures.  Hour after hour of Amy stories, and Kayli stories.
They left the music playing on the sound system, and sometimes they would sing along.  Sometimes they would get up and slow dance.  They held each other tight.  They kissed after every dance.
Kat had some concerns about the conversation.  Always the past.  In some ways it reminded her of things people say at a wake.  So and so did this funny thing, or said that clever thing.  A way of making the passing easier.  But somewhere in there, Kat assumed Lisa was also thinking of her future.  A future without her friend for life.
After one of the dances, Kat took her there.  The future.  They had settled on the couch again, Kat’s arm around Lisa’s shoulders.
“I have another workshop this weekend.  Do you think you could help me?”
“Do you need a bartender?”  Lisa had been resting her head on Kat’s shoulder.  Now she twisted so she could look up at Kat.  Kat tried to read her expression.  Interest?  And maybe some concern.  What was being asked of her?  And how serious was the offer?
“I just serve white wine, and juice for those who don’t drink.  What I really need is someone who is just good with people.  That is what you really do as a bartender, right?  Yes, you pour beer, but mostly you talk.”
“So, you want me one or two nights to help?”
“No, I want you here all the time.  Weekends to help entertain the guests.  Weekdays to help clean and get ready for the next workshop.  I want you here, Lisa.  With me.”
Lisa didn’t answer.  She pressed her face into Kat’s neck and held her tight.  She didn’t answer that afternoon, or at dinner, when they sat eating by candlelight.  But she smiled more.  And she looked at Kat every chance she got.  And she touched her.  Maybe a hand as they walked to the dining room, or as they sat at dinner, or both hands on the back of Kat’s neck as they slow danced after dinner.  She touched, she looked, she smiled.



Chapter 44
Jim

Jim arrived around eight.  He hadn’t called.  He just arrived.  Kat and Lisa were sitting on the couch by the fireplace when they heard his truck on the driveway.  Lisa was instantly up on the edge of the couch, her eyes wide, her mouth partially open as she fought for the words she wanted to say before Jim got to the door.
“Kat, I lied about Jim.  I made it sound like he was all over me, but it wasn’t like that.  We were only together twice.  Once at my place, once at his.  And he treated me right.  But I don’t want him.  I know I said I did, but I don’t.”  Once she had that much out, Lisa paused, reset her face, and began again.
“But he’s not right for you either.  He left you.  The day after Kayli was killed.  He left you.”
“He stayed with me over night to make sure I didn’t have a concussion.”
“Kat, you are big and strong, but you were hurt.  There was blood seeping from your bandage, and two other cuts they hadn’t found.  There were particles of insulation all through your hair, and streaks of dirt on your face.  And you were in pain.  He left you.  He went off to his school and his basketball team.  And he left you here alone.”
Lisa leaned toward Kat, her lips parted like she had more to say.  But she heard Jim at the door.  She gave a quick look in that direction, then whispered her final comment.  “He left you here alone, Kat.  He left you here alone.”  She slid off the couch and hurried across the room, her dress flashing like a disco ball as she ran up the stairs to the guest rooms in her bare feet. 
Kat watched her go, then crossed the room to the bar.  She poured two glasses of red wine while Jim took off his coat and boots.  He moved toward Kat, but his eyes were on Lisa as she ran past.  He watched her climb the stairs and then disappear into one of the rooms.
“I see Lisa is back.”  There was disapproval in his voice.  He stood close to Kat, put a hand on her shoulder and leaned in for a kiss.  “I like what you’re wearing.”
Kat handed him his glass of wine and led back to the couch by the fire.  She sat at one end of the couch, her feet pulled up under her, her knees angled across the cushions.  Jim sat as close as he could to her knees.  He had long arms.  One slid across the top of the couch and began playing with Kat’s hair. 
“Did your team win today?”
“We don’t play again until Friday.  Coleman.  I think we can take them.”  He had no interest in his wine.  He set the glass on an end table behind him.  He put that hand on Kat’s knees.  “I came with good news.”  He gave her his best smile, his hand now stroking her hair, the other sliding a thumb across her leg.
“Oh?”  Kat held her wine glass in both hands, resting it on her lap.  She held her head erect, not responding to the fingers moving through her hair.
“That family meeting.”  He paused in case she had forgotten about the meeting she hadn’t been invited to.  She nodded.  “My mother pretty much ran the meeting.  She had decided this, and she has decided that.  My father sat there with the oxygen feed strapped to his face, and nodded as she talked.  Apparently it was all agreed in advance.  The upshot is this – he is not to sell all his businesses.  She wants him to keep one, and to at least work part-time.  Good policy, if you think about it.  It will keep him active.  It will be good for his health.  She said it will also give her some peace and quiet part of the day.”  Big smile from Jim.  A joke he had come to tell her.
He waited for a reaction.  Kat nodded.
“Here’s the best part.  He decided the business he would keep would be the bar in Amberg.  It was his first business.  It is the business he wants to work in now.  So he will use the insurance money to rebuild the place.  This time the wiring and plumbing will be up to code, and he even plans to put some finish on the floor.  No more bare concrete.  And he will work three to six most days.  The rest of the time he’s got you and me and Lisa.”
“It will be good for the town.  Amberg was dying without that bar.”  There was approval in her eyes.  In his enthusiasm, he didn’t seem to notice the absence of any other emotion.
“So you’ll help with the bar?”
“You can probably count on me one night a week.  But I am not sure about Lisa.  I have asked her to come work for me.”  
Jim lost his smile, and moved back from Kat.  His hand was still in her hair, but he was no longer sliding his palm along her cheek.
“Lisa?”
“Yes.  Lisa.”  Kat held his gaze.  She watched his expression move through several shifts.  Her expression never moved.  
“Here?”
“Here.  In my lodge.  And in my bed.”  Kat’s face was frozen in place.  She had spent twenty years presenting information.  This was just one more report to pass along.
“Kat, she’s…”
“Quirky.  Maybe more than that, but I think quirky is a pretty good label.”
“And you…”
“Jesus, Jim, how precisely do I have to spell it out for you?”
“I thought you wanted more from me, Kat.  So I talked to my folks.  My mother is inviting you to dinner on Sunday.”  He leaned closer and moved his hand around to the back of Kat’s neck.  He might have pulled her toward him for a kiss, but her knees and the position of her wine glass got in the way.
“Please thank her for me, Jim.  But I decline.”
“I know you have guests this weekend.  She knows you might be late.  We can wait.”
“Jim.”  She paused, ran a finger up the stem of her wine glass, then continued.  “We have been dating for three years.  Doesn’t it seem odd to you that this is the first time I am being invited to meet your mother?”
“Well, I was concerned about Chrystal, and the boys, and…”
“Jim, three years.”
“I’m sorry, but…”
“Don’t be sorry.  Just think it through.  If we had been right for each other, you would have moved out of that barren apartment the first month.  We would have been fucking each other’s brains out on the beach, in the woods, in the back of my stupid bus.  But the attraction was never really there.  It wasn’t the fault of your ex-wife, or the boys, or our jobs.  We just didn’t want it enough to make it happen.”
“So we’re done?”  He had pulled his hand back from Kat, and was now waving that hand in the air.
“Jim, how many times have we broken up?  You should be used to it by now.  But, this time it’s final.”
“I was hoping you and Lisa would help with the bar.  You know, be part of the family business.”
“When the bar actually exists, give us a call.”
Kat stood and placed her wine glass on an end table.  Jim was instantly pressed against her, one hand on her ass, pulling her to him, the other holding the back of her neck as he kissed her.  He held her tight.  
“Are you sure?”  He slid his hand across her ass.
“Jim, there won’t be a farewell fuck.”  She stood motionless, her hands at her sides.
“Okay, Kat.  You win.  Please marry me.”
“You’re proposing again?”  Kat was genuinely surprised.
“Yes.  And this time, I will even set a date.  The first Saturday in May.”
“That’s the opening of trout season.  Not that it matters.”  She placed both hands on his shoulders.  “Last year I said ‘yes’, but even then, it was too late.  There was a reason we never set a date.  We just weren’t interested enough to make it happen.  A real couple would have married the first year, and we would have spent the last two years spending every evening in front of this fire.  We would have spent every day together.  There’s a reason that never happened.”
“I’ll make the time.”
“This isn’t about promises, it’s about desire.  There just isn’t enough.”
“But…”
“Jim, you get new teachers every year.  Pick one.  Move in with her.  Go a little crazy.”
Jim stood motionless.  Finally he moved his hands off Kat.  A gentleman.  He took longer than usual to lace his boots and button his coat, but in the end, he smiled, said “good bye” and left.
Kat climbed to the guest rooms.  She found Lisa sitting on the bed in the last room, her shoulders hunched, her arms wrapped around her middle.  She seemed shrunken by at least half.  Kat sat next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
“I peeked.  I saw the two of you sitting by the fire, each of you with a glass of wine.  You looked so good together.  So natural.  Like that was where you belonged, and where you could spend the rest of your lives.  And then I thought, this is going to get worse.  They will talk for a while, and then they will go into Kat’s bedroom.  And I will hear them.  Sitting up here all alone.  Again.”
“I sent him home.”
“You didn’t need to do that.  I would have slept up here, and tomorrow I would have driven back to Niagara.”
“I sent him home because I don’t want him.  I want you.”  Kat put a hand on the side of Lisa’s face and turned her head.  She saw tears in Lisa’s eyes.  She wiped them away with her thumb.
“I dated him for three years.  It occurred to me, never in three years did he look at me the way you look at me.”  Kat leaned closer.  “And, to be fair, I never looked at him the way that I look at you.  I asked you before if you will work for me.  I hope you understand, I want more than that.  I want you to stay with me.  I want you to let me love you.  Will you?”
Lisa leaped against Kat.  “Yes, Kat.  I will stay with you, and I will love you.”
“Good.  Now let’s go back downstairs.  We can sit in front of the fire, and you can tell me more stories about Kayli.”
