

Kindred

Erica Stevens



Copyright 2012 Erica Stevens
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy.
Ebook Formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


Also from the author
Books written under the penname Erica Stevens

The Captive Series
Captured (Book 1)
Renegade (Book 2)
Refugee (Book 3)
Salvation (Book 4)
Redemption (Book 5)
Broken (The Captive Series Prequel) 
Vengeance (Book 6) 
Unbound (Book 7)

The Coven Series
Nightmares (Book 1)
The Maze (Book 2)
Dream Walker (Book 3)

The Fire & Ice Series
Frost Burn (Book 1)
Arctic Fire (Book 2)
Scorched Ice (Book 3)

The Kindred Series
Kindred (Book 1)
Ashes (Book 2)
Kindled (Book 3)
Inferno (Book 4)
Phoenix Rising (Book 5)

The Ravening Series
Ravenous (Book 1)
Taken Over (Book 2)
Reclamation (Book 3)

The Survivor Chronicles
Book 1: The Upheaval
Book 2: The Divide
Book 3: The Forsaken
Book 4: The Risen 


Books written under the penname Brenda K. Davies

The Alliance Series
Eternally Bound (Book 1)
Bound by Vengeance (Book 2)
Bound by Darkness (Book 3)
Bound by Passion (Book 4)
Bound by Torment (Book 5) Coming 3/27/20

Hell on Earth Series
Hell on Earth (Book 1)
Into the Abyss (Book 2)
Kiss of Death (Book 3)
The Edge of the Darkness (Book 4) Coming 2020

The Road to Hell Series
Good Intentions (Book 1)
Carved (Book 2)
The Road (Book 3)
Into Hell (Book 4)

The Vampire Awakenings Series
Awakened (Book 1)
Destined (Book 2)
Untamed (Book 3)
Enraptured (Book 4)
Undone (Book 5) 
Fractured (Book 6)
Ravaged (Book 7)
Consumed (Book 8)
Unforeseen (Book 9)
Forsaken (Book 10)
Relentless (Book 11) Coming 2020

Historical Romance
A Stolen Heart

.
Special thanks to my husband for his endless patience and support,
my parents for raising some amazing children,
my siblings for being those children,
and Leslie Mitchell at G2 Freelance Editing for all her hard work and encouragement.


Table of Contents
Also by the author
Special Thanks
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Where to find the author
About the author


PROLOGUE
16 years earlier
"Take them! Mary take them! You have to go!"
Mary stared at the two blond headed children who had just been thrust into her arms. Her son stared at her with sapphire eyes that were startlingly wise and more than a little unnerving for a one year old. His small hands curled around his blanket as he watched his mother. The other baby was just as quiet, her eyes a startling violet blue that also appeared excessively knowing for her age. Though Mary had never said anything, the age within the children's eyes had always slightly unnerved her.
Now it terrified her.
"Mary!" She blinked in startled surprise at the man before her, the man who had just handed her the children, John. He was her husband, but she now realized she didn't know him at all. She had never known him. The thought sent a fresh wave of cold dread down her spine. Goose pimples broke out on her flesh; she could barely breathe through the anxiety clutching at her chest.
"Mary, you must get them to safety."
She began to shake as she clung to the children who had yet to make a sound. "Take them! Take them where?" She had to battle against the tears filling her eyes and clogging her throat.
Jessie, the girl's mother, nudged John out of the way as she stepped forward. Her dark blue, almost violet eyes were turbulent, and her unruly golden hair tumbled around her face. "To my mother in Florida, she'll know what to do. She'll keep you safe."
"Safe from what?" Mary hated the hysterical note in her voice, but her body hummed with panic.
"She'll fill you in when you get there," Derek, Jessie's husband, informed her. "You must go Mary." Unlike Jessie and John, Derek was relatively calm. Exceptionally calm considering he was telling her to take his daughter and flee to Florida. Flee from what, Mary didn't know, but they seemed adamant that she go. "If you stay, you will die. They will die. Now go!"
Mary gaped at him as her heart hammered. "I don't understand," she cried. "I don't understand any of this!"
"I'm sorry honey, but you must listen to us. You must get yourself, and the children, to safety," John insisted.
"What about you? Why don't you come with me?" she demanded. She wanted to grab hold of his arm and shake some answers out of him, but the children within her grasp stopped her from doing so.
"We can't, they'll only follow us. We'll meet you later," Jessie informed her, though Mary realized with heart wrenching certainty that Jessie was lying. They would not be meeting her later. Mary was beginning to realize she would never see any of them again.
"The police, we must go to the police," she whispered.
"They're useless," Brent said harshly. Mary's gaze shot to the man who had been mute until now. Mary didn't know Brent well and he had never seemed to approve of her much for some reason. However, he’d been friends with Jessie, Derek, and John for years even though he was a good twenty years older than them. Mary had never understood their strange relationship, but they were extremely close, and often kept her in the dark as they whispered with each other. She had always resented their relationship, and her exclusion from it, but she had kept her bitterness hidden, unwilling to upset or annoy her husband. "If you involve them, you will only get them hurt and yourself killed."
"They're coming." John's body tensed as his lip curled into a sneer. "Go!" He dropped a kiss quickly on her head before shoving her toward the door. "Go now, before it's too late!"
Mary stumbled as he shoved her out the back door to the waiting car. A car that she hadn't started, but was already idling at the ready, and appeared to have bags shoved into the back. "Wait!" Mary froze as Jessie snagged hold of her arm; tears shimmered in her eyes. "Take care of my daughter. Please Mary, I am begging you to keep Cassie alive!"
Mary stared back at the frantic woman she had considered her best friend. She'd never been more wrong about someone; Jessie was alien to her now. Mary managed a small nod but her mouth was dry and her throat clogged. "I will," she vowed.
Jessie released her and took a step back as tears rolled down her cheeks. Mary had no idea what was happening, but their distress spurred her into action. Fleeing down the back stairs, she hastily strapped the children into their car seats and jumped behind the wheel. Her hands were shaking as she shifted the car into reverse and pulled out of the drive as calmly as her thumping heart would allow.
She glanced back at the home she had shared with her husband and his friends. People she now realized she knew nothing about. Nor, she realized with bone shaking certainty, did she know her own son. She glanced at the eerily soundless children in the rearview mirror. The girl was usually fussy in the car seat; she was immobile now and didn't fight against the straps. Her son was usually fast asleep the minute he hit the car, but he was staring at her. With their blond hair and wide, unblinking eyes, Mary was suddenly reminded of the Children of The Corn. A chill ran down her back as she choked on the tears burning her eyes.
Shrill screams pierced the night. Mary jumped in surprise, her eyes flew back to the house as the sound of splintering wood shattered the air. For a moment she couldn't move as more shouts, and the sounds of an ensuing battle, rent the silent night.
Then, her survival instincts kicked into gear. Shifting into drive, she stomped on the gas. The tires spun on the asphalt and squealed loudly before finally grabbing hold. The smell of burning rubber followed her as she sped down the road toward Florida. It was almost a ten hour drive, but she had a feeling she would make it there in record time.
She never looked back; she knew nothing but death followed behind her. She was certain that whatever had killed them would be coming for her next. The realization she’d lost her loved ones wasn't nearly as unnerving as the fact that though she squealed through turns, raced through red lights, and people blared their horns at her, the children remained hushed, and knowing.
***
Twelve years later
Sorting through the change in her hand, Cassie hastily picked out the nickels and dimes, and absently shoved aside the pennies. She glanced at the unattainable soda machine before digging into the pocket of her cutoffs once more. All she wanted was a cold drink, was that too much to ask? Apparently it was, as all she pulled out were a few pieces of lint, a gum wrapper, and dirt.
Cassie fought the urge to kick the machine in frustration; it wasn't its fault the price of soda had gone up fifteen cents. It was the stupid, greedy, owner of the store. Glancing past the machine, she peered into the dingy windows of the Five and Dime. Mr. Lester was watching to make sure she didn't do exactly that. She fought the urge to stick her tongue out at the man, but then she would be banned from the store, and he did have the best selection of baseball cards, candy, and comic books in town.
Glancing regretfully back at the bright red machine, Cassie shoved her change back into her pocket and turned away. She would just have to drink from the water fountain during baseball practice. She scrunched her nose, already dreading the taste of the metallic water fountain.
Grabbing her mitt from the store windowsill, she turned back to the main thoroughfare. She didn't make it one step before she was brought to an abrupt halt by a tall, thin man, with a hawkish nose, and pale, gray eyes that studied her. Cassie's hand clenched on her glove as she took a small, instinctive step back. She was not some five year-old who would wander away with a stranger, but she didn't know what the odd man's intentions were.
Glancing briefly over her shoulder she was relieved to find Mr. Lester still watching. Though he liked to squeeze as much money as possible out of the kids, he wouldn't allow anything bad to happen to her. She turned back to the strange man. His eyes were still fixed upon her, but she saw no ill will in his steady gaze. Instead, there was an odd sense of relief in his eyes.
A slender girl stepped beside him and slipped her hand into his. Cassie's tension eased at the sight of the black haired girl who was so trusting of the strange man. The girl studied Cassie from exotically slanted eyes the color of a gleaming onyx. Those eyes pierced Cassie, pinning her to the spot as they seemed to see straight into Cassie's soul.
A little unnerved by the girl's intense gaze and scrutiny, Cassie turned her attention back to the man. Though he seemed to be in his late thirties, maybe forties, and was old enough to be the girl's father, they looked nothing alike. His hair was a light brown that was going gray at the temples. His eyes were far from dark in color, and unlike the girl’s smooth olive complexion, he was very fair.
"Are you Cassandra Fairmont?" he inquired, the faint hint of an accent in his tone.
Cassie didn't understand how this man knew who she was, let alone her full name. Her stance shifted as she prepared to bolt into the Five and Dime. "Do I know you?" She was proud her voice didn't waver when she spoke.
"No, but I may have known your parents."
Cassie's heart leapt into her throat, her arm dropped limply to her side. Her fingers eased their grip on her glove to the point she nearly dropped it. Other than her grandmother, and Chris's mother, Cassie knew no one who had ever met her parents. Though Cassie often asked questions about her parents, her grandmother rarely spoke of them. Once in a while, she would share stories of Cassie's mother when she was a little girl, and her father, as her grandmother had also known him as a child.
However, Chris's mother never spoke of them; she hated any mention of Cassie's parents, or Chris's father. She used the mere mention of them as an excuse to retreat deeper into her drunken stupor, or to hit the bars in search of a new conquest. It used to bother Chris, but lately he’d taken to ignoring his mother as easily as she ignored him.
Now, this strange man was standing before her telling her he may have known her parents, and quite possibly, Chris's father. It was a lifeline, a level of hope she’d never experienced before. This man, this stranger, could be their one chance to get to know their parents better.
"My parents?" she managed to choke out.
The man's eyes were gentle as he nodded. "Yes, if they were Derek and Jessie Fairmont?"
The man blurred as Cassie's eyes filled with tears. She rarely heard their names spoken, rarely had the chance to acknowledge they’d ever even lived. It was as if everything about them had ceased to exist when they were killed in the car accident. Not just their bodies, but their memories, history, their entire lives had been buried forever.
Now, they were being openly acknowledged, openly conversed about, and it was by someone she didn't know. Cassie glanced at the slender girl, surprised by the wealth of caring and understanding in her warm onyx eyes. Swallowing heavily, Cassie rapidly blinked back her tears as she tried not to completely fall apart in front of the strange pair.
Taking a deep breath to steady her pounding heart, and raw nerves, she turned back to the man. "Yes," she answered. "They were my parents."
Relief filled him; his shoulders slumped as he broke into a brilliant grin. The girl squeezed his hand as she did an odd little jump step and beamed happily. "I told you," she said excitedly.
The man shook his head at her, but there was no censure in the gesture as he continued to smile. He thrust his hand out to Cassie. "My name is Luther Long; I've been looking for you for a long time Cassandra."
Cassie stared at his extended hand as confusion swirled through her. Though she sensed no ill will from them, they still scared her a little. Then again, the strange man did claim to know her parents, and best of all, he actually spoke about them. The temptation was more than she could stand.
Thrusting her hand out, she grasped hold of Luther's warm, well calloused one. His grin broadened as he shook her hand briskly.
In that moment, when their hands joined, her life was irrevocably changed. The course of her destiny forever altered. Over the following years, Cassie often wondered if she would have run screaming from him, and the changes he would bring to her life if she had known.
Eventually she came to realize there was no outrunning destiny. It was very much like the Reaper in that way, and like The Reaper, destiny could be cruel and indiscriminate. Though these were things Cassie later learned, she was still ill prepared for her life to be forever changed, her innocence to be shattered that day.
Nor was she prepared for the day when he walked into her life four years later, forever altering it, and her, once again.


CHAPTER 1
Cassie ducked low and spun as she threw a rapid roundhouse kick. Her foot connected solidly with the twisted creature, catching it beneath its chin and knocking it back a good five feet. The creature's startled grunt of surprise and pain was music to her ears. The man/monster got caught up on a headstone and flipped backward over top of it. The monster sprawled out on its back in the thick grass with its legs momentarily caught up over top of the headstone. Cassie sprang gracefully to her feet and slipped the stake easily from her belt loop. The creature's eyes turned crimson as his face twisted into an animalistic snarl of fury.
The rage blasting from him pounded against her but didn't slow Cassie down. She had grown accustomed to the hatred over the past few years. However, she didn't know if she would ever become accustomed to the bloodlust that poured from the monsters in nearly suffocating waves. It was daunting to know something yearned to rip out her throat and drain the blood and life from her.
Though the thought was a little overwhelming, it didn't make her hesitate. There was no room for hesitation here. The smallest distraction could get her, and her friends, killed. No, her entire focus had to be on destroying the creature. She couldn't allow human emotions to slip in here. Here, there could only be the fight, and the imminent death of someone or something, preferably not her.
Though she had the creature down, she wasn’t fooled into thinking she had him beat. Bracing herself, she leaned back on her left foot as he threw his hands behind his head and thrust himself elegantly to his feet. Cassie eyed him with amusement; he was so predictable.
With a ferocious growl, he raced across the ground with the grace inherent to his kind. Cassie didn't kick out at him again or throw another punch. She simply ducked low and spun around as he raced past her. Thrusting the stake out, his forward momentum was enough to drive it deep into his chest cavity and pierce his deadened heart. His face contorted as she twisted and pushed the stake deeper.
He fell back, his body convulsing as he clawed at the stake. Though he tried to rip it free, it was more than obvious the damage had already been done. There was no reversing this death. Cassie waited until he stopped struggling, and his eyes clouded over, before she ripped the stake free. In life, he had only been a year or two older than her, barely a man yet. Though Cassie felt a twinge of regret about killing him, she quickly buried it.
There could be no regret in her life. It would only eat her alive, and she hadn't been the one to originally end his life. She couldn't question the where's and why's of her life. It was simply her duty, her birthright. Though she didn't always enjoy it, and often resented it, she was good at killing, and she helped to keep people safe and protected by doing it. Even if people didn't know she was helping them.
She turned her attention back to Chris and Melissa. Chris was struggling back to his feet after he had been knocked flat. The vampire they were fighting rushed past Chris, focusing on what he apparently (and wrongly) thought was the weaker female. Melissa grinned back at the creature in amusement, her stance widened as she braced herself for his attack. Her dark eyes twinkled merrily in the moonlight.
In their lives it was just another night in paradise, Cassie thought.
Shaking her head, Cassie moved toward them. Unlike herself, Chris and Melissa relished in the fight, the hunt, and the kill. They both loved what they were, and eagerly embraced their heritage. Then again, Melissa had been raised with the knowledge of what she was, and Chris was a teenage boy; anything he could beat up, punch, kick, and maim was fun for him. However, Cassie had been oblivious to what she was until Luther and Melissa had walked into her life at the age of thirteen. She had never learned to relish in the fighting or the killing.
Well, that was not entirely true. There were times when she loved the thrill of the fight; times when she loved she was making the world safer one murderous vampire at a time. She did not like that this life had been forced upon her by birth, or that her life expectancy had been drastically lowered by a flip of the cosmic switch. She chafed against the bonds confining her to a life she'd never imagined could exist.
However, she had no choice. She couldn't turn her back on what she was. Innocent people would die if she did. She may hate her role in life, but she couldn't live with herself if people were killed because she wasn't there to protect them. She couldn't live with it if Chris or Melissa were injured, or killed, because she was too selfish and scared to accept her birth right, her destiny. Destiny had left her vulnerable to the more brutal side of life, and it would likely destroy her before she ever saw her twenty-fifth birthday.
A loud grunt shifted her attention back to the battle Melissa was still waging. Chris had regained his feet, but Melissa was wearing the trademark grin she displayed when she already knew the outcome of a fight. Cassie wiped her hands on her jeans as she joined Chris.
"I don't see how it can be any fun when you already know what's going to happen," he complained.
"Just think about how much fun it will be if she ever foresees a battle she loses," Cassie retorted dryly.
Chris shrugged, shoved a strand of sandy blond hair off his forehead, and shoved his hands in his pockets. "Yeah, that would suck."
Melissa lunged suddenly and shoved the stake forward in a killing blow. With a satisfied grin she ripped her stake free, flipped it in the air, and caught it easily before shoving it into her belt. "I'm never going to lose!" she announced proudly.
Cassie bit back her retort. There was no reason to remind them every Hunter had probably believed the same thing, until the Grim Reaper had called for them far too early.
Cassie wrapped her arms around herself, not understanding the strange melancholy sticking to her like a second skin lately. She couldn't seem to shake the ominous feelings, and she knew her funk wasn't a good place to be; becoming worn down by her life would only get her killed sooner.
"Of course not," Chris agreed.
"Yeah," Cassie mumbled absently.
Melissa's onyx eyes focused on Cassie, her pretty face scrunched as she studied her. Cassie prickled under the scrutiny, but she had grown accustomed to Melissa's fixed stares. It was a look Melissa often wore when she was trying to decipher the future paths a person might take. Cassie never asked about her future, she didn't want to know, but she was certain Melissa had already glimpsed some of it. Melissa never let onto whether it was good or bad, and that was the way Cassie liked it.
Cassie became a little unnerved, as Melissa's gaze lasted longer than normal, and broke the stare first. "Let's dispose of these guys."
Between the three of them it didn't take much time to drag the bodies into the woods and hide them within the shadowed interior. Cassie didn't worry about the bodies being discovered. Once dawn broke the bodies would burn away, all evidence of their existence would disappear into a pile of ash. The animals wouldn't come for these bodies either, there was nothing but evil for them here.
"I'm hungry," Melissa announced as she wiped the dirt from her hands.
"Yeah, me too," Chris agreed as he rubbed his flat stomach.
"What else is new?" Cassie inquired.
His handsome face lit up as he threw his arms casually around both their shoulders. "B's and S's," he suggested.
"Ugh, you're going to become a giant puddle of grease if you keep eating there," Melissa groaned.
Chris shrugged as they began to make their way through the darkened cemetery. "What can I say? I love my grease." He smiled as he pulled them against his side. "I'm a growing boy."
"You're arteries are growing closed!" Melissa retorted.
Chris rolled his eyes and leaned closer to Cassie. "Please rescue me from the vegetarian Nazi."
Cassie chuckled and shook her head at him. "You're on your own with this one."
Cassie tried to keep her gaze focused straight ahead, but despite her intention not to, she glanced back to the edge of the dark cemetery and thick woods. Though the forest was calm now, it was from there that the two vampires had emerged tonight. She didn't know why, but for some reason vampires were attracted to the cemetery. She thought it might be because they had never had a proper burial of their own, but she had no way to know what the monsters thought, or why they acted like they did.
She spent far too many of her nights with Chris and Melissa staking out the cemetery, and waiting to see what might pop out of the woods. She also spent far too many nights hanging out around restaurants, and busy places, trying to keep people safe from the monsters lurking in the night. By reading the papers, and keeping an eye on the news, they were usually able to discern when a vampire was hunting in the area.
When reports of strange disappearances, or wild animal attacks started to surface, they all knew they were going to be in for long nights and weeks, until the things causing all the problems were caught and destroyed. "Wild animal" was often the term used to describe anything the authorities couldn't fully explain, or understand, in the area. To the three of them, it usually meant vampire, as there were few dangerous feral animals on Cape Cod. Cassie didn't know what the authorities told themselves in order to sleep at night after these attacks, nor did she particularly care.
She sometimes envied them their blissful, deep rooted denial though. She would never experience it again.
A momentary flash of guilt shot through her, shaking her with its ferocity. She was not the one who had killed these monsters first, she reminded herself forcefully. That had been some other monster, not her. The lives of the vampires they hunted had been forfeit long before she and her two partners ever put an actual end to them. If the monsters they had killed tonight hadn't been stopped, they would have caused more death and destruction. More innocent lives would have been lost; they had done the right thing here. Though she kept telling herself that, it didn't ease the knot of guilt.
Cassie's gaze flitted over the darkened headstones. The night was undisturbed, but she couldn't stop the chill creeping down her spine. No matter how much time she spent in this cemetery, she never grew accustomed to the coldness enveloping it. Loss and anguish permeated the air as though they were lingering remnants from the living left behind to mourn their lost loved ones.
Making their way out of the wrought iron gate, Cassie allowed them to lead her down the street toward B's and S's. The sidewalk was dark; streetlights hadn't been placed this far from the center of town. Cassie glanced toward the woods surrounding them, her eyes narrowed as she studied its darkened recesses. The leaves of the trees were a dazzling green against the dark night. Nothing stirred, not even a field mouse emerged. It seemed the animals sensed the gloom in the air.
Arriving at the end of the road, they made a right toward the large rotary marking the center of town. From the giant rotary five roads branched off, leading toward backstreets and residential areas. The first fifty to a hundred feet of each road was packed with stores, restaurants, and bars.
They finally reached the streetlights lighting the sidewalks and roads. A few cars were driving around the rotary, their headlights bounced across the pavement, and music filtered from their open windows. People strolled along the streets, enjoying the places still open at this time of night.
Though it was almost nine, there was still a large crowd gathered around B's and S's. The front of the burger place was vivid against the dark night. An old wooden sign hung from the side of the building, the name Burger's and Shake's was spelled out in bright red lettering. Burger's and Shake's wasn't a very original name, but it was the two things the restaurant did best. It was also the two things most people stuck to, as the rest of the menu was a little iffy at times. That was the main reason why B's and S's had been designated the teen hang out for the past twenty years, as people over the age of twenty-one rarely ate there again.
"What do you guys want?" Chris removed his arms from their shoulders as he eagerly eyed the open order window.
"Strawberry shake and fries," Cassie answered.
"Garden salad, but make sure it’s freshly washed, and no dressing," Melissa told him.
Chris was shaking his head as he wound his way through the crowd gathered around the outdoor picnic tables. It wouldn't be long before the tables were taken in and the outdoor area was closed for the winter. Until then, everyone was enjoying the last bit of good weather September offered.
Cassie and Melissa made their way to one of the few empty tables in the back. Eager greetings followed their every step as people turned toward them. They returned them politely, but neither of them stopped to talk. Cassie barely got her butt on the seat before Marcy Hodgins, the class president, was standing beside her.
"Hey Cassie, I was wondering if you had started planning for the homecoming dance?"
Cassie fought the urge to groan and roll her eyes. She had been on the dance committee since freshman year, but every year it became increasingly difficult to find the time to dedicate to planning the dances. This year she simply didn't feel like doing it at all. She hadn't planned on running for the dance committee again, but earlier this year she had been automatically voted in and appointed the head.
"Homecoming isn't for another two months Marcy," she gently reminded the girl.
Marcy's hands clasped and unclasped before her as Cassie's answer obviously irked her. "Yes, but it will require a theme, decorations, fliers."
Cassie sighed heavily. "Maybe you should just find someone else this year…"
"But you're the best!" Marcy interrupted loudly. "You did a great job last year, and now that we're seniors don't you think we deserve the best memories possible!"
Cassie shot Melissa, 'a just shoot me now,' look. Melissa smiled sweetly in return. "Of course I do Marcy, but I'm really busy this year…"
"I'll get you more help!"
Cassie didn't know if she wanted to scream in frustration, rip her hair out, or throttle the obtuse girl. Instead, she shoved all of her irritation aside, and forced a smile. "I'll work on it Marcy."
"Let me know if you need anything, anything at all."
"I will."
"Also, I do have a few ideas for themes I’d love to run by you. Maybe we can get together after school tomorrow to discuss them."
Cassie's hands clenched as she tried to keep a hold on her patience. Marcy meant well, but sometimes her OCD was enough to drive a saint to murder, and she was far from a saint. She glanced at Melissa again, silently pleading for some sort of reprieve, but it came in the form of Chris as he dumped their food on the table.
"Hey Marcy," he muttered absently, his mind on the food he was rapidly doling out.
Marcy's pretty face flooded with color as she ducked her head shyly. Cassie lifted an eyebrow as she turned to Melissa who winked back at her. "I uh… I have to go, but I'll talk to you tomorrow, ok Cass?" Marcy stammered out.
"Of course," Cassie replied happily, glad to be free of the girl and amused by her obvious crush on Chris.
Marcy made a hasty retreat back to the table of girls she had been sitting with. Cassie eagerly turned back to Chris who looked as if he was trying to solve the problems of the world as his eyebrows knitted together in concentration. His attention was focused on the shakes as he lifted the lid on one before plopping it down in front of her.
"I think someone has a crush on you," she teased.
"Huh, what?" He glanced up, a handful of fries, her fries, already halfway to his mouth. Before he could eat them all, Cassie surreptitiously slid her plate away while he scanned the dwindling crowd. "Who?"
"Marcy." Chris's frown deepened as he looked toward the girl who was determinedly not looking their way again. "Short, brunette, just speaking to me," Cassie reminded him.
Chris broke out of his food trance as he grinned down at her. "No way, Marcy's too prim and proper, likes the more refined guys."
"You are definitely not refined, but she does have a crush on you," Melissa insisted.
"Why, did you see something in my future?" he asked eagerly.
Melissa rolled her eyes as she shook her head. "I'm not your crystal ball Chris."
Striking a pose, he propped his leg on the bench and rested his arm on his knee as he gazed at Marcy. "Very sexy with the mouthful of fries," Cassie teased.
"You know it." He flashed a striking grin as he popped more fries in his mouth and sucked noisily on his shake.
"Don't you think she's a little much?"
His blue eyes twinkled merrily as he shook back his disheveled hair. "I'm a teenage boy Cassandra, there is no such thing as a little much to me. All girls are acceptable."
"Ugh!" Melissa groaned and Cassie threw a fry at him.
He dodged it easily, catching it before it hit the ground and popping it into his mouth. "You're gross," she told him with a laugh.
"But you love me."
She couldn't argue with that. Turning away from him, she focused her attention on her greasy fries, and delicious shake. Cassie glanced across the table; Melissa had a distant look on her face as she poked absently at a cucumber. To any passersby it simply appeared as if Melissa wasn't hungry, but Cassie knew Melissa's concentration was actually fixed upon something that no one else could see.
This was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either, but one of the premonitions that took Melissa over, and held her hostage until it was done. A chill ran down Cassie's spine, she hated these moments. They always left Melissa drained, and with an old, knowing look in her eyes far beyond her seventeen years.
Chris's handful of french-fries was forgotten as he worriedly studied Melissa. Melissa shook her head as she broke free of the claws the premonition hooked into her. Her onyx eyes snapped into focus again. She didn't seem as beat down by this vision as she was by many of the others, but a secretive look remained in her dark eyes.
"Did you see my death?" Chris always asked this when one of these premonitions seized hold of Melissa in his presence.
She smiled at him, and shook back her black hair as she popped a cucumber in her mouth. "Not this time."
Chris shrugged as he ran a hand through his shaggy hair. "Just remember, if you ever do see it, you had better tell me."
"You wouldn't want to know," Cassie and Melissa replied simultaneously.
They grinned at each other across the table. "You owe me a soda," Melissa quipped.
"You don't drink soda."
"You owe me something then."
Melissa chewed on her cucumber before grabbing a tomato. Cassie studied her questioningly, wondering what it was Melissa had seen. The thought of knowing scared her though. Besides, Melissa wouldn't tell them, not unless their lives were on the line. Even then, Cassie wouldn't like to know what Melissa saw, not unless there was a way to stop it.
And most of the time, there wasn't.
It was very rare Melissa ever saw anything she wanted to, but she had no choice as her "gift" overtook her whenever it wanted.
Although, to be fair, Cassie had to admit she was a little disappointed she hadn't inherited a "gift" like Chris and Melissa had. Apparently, most all members of The Hunter line were gifted in one way or another, but for some reason Cassie had come up short. She definitely wouldn't like the ability to see the future, like Melissa, she wasn't sure she could handle bearing that cross. She wouldn't have minded Chris's talent of being able to read people though, to know what they were feeling, and to know who and what they were, good or bad, upon meeting them. And unlike Melissa, Chris was able to control his ability and keep people blocked out.
However, she supposed any ability would have been better than the nothing she had been given. Well, unless she counted her ability to fight as a gift. She excelled at fighting, was better than Chris and Melissa, but to her that wasn't a true gift. She didn't care if the people she killed weren't human. It bothered her to kill at all, and it bothered her more she was so good at it.
It wore at her every day and gradually ate at her spirit. She sometimes thought that was where the growing hole inside of her had come from, and it was the reason she’d been feeling less and less like herself lately. Maybe all of the death and murder had started to take away bits of her soul. Whatever was missing, or off in her, she desperately needed to find it, and fix it.
She couldn't keep living like this. She couldn't keep going on without knowing why she was so lost, and why she couldn't shake her gloom. She'd been living with the emptiness for the last few months, but over the past two weeks it had gotten worse. The hole had become a chasm within her soul, ripping her open, leaving her raw and exposed.
She was greatly afraid if she didn't mend it soon, it would swallow her whole.
Cassie shoved aside her morose thoughts, sick of them. Sick of herself even. Wallowing in her misery and loneliness wasn't going to ease it.
"Are you going to tell us what you saw?" Chris inquired.
Melissa shook her head as she sat back in her seat and shoved the remains of her salad aside. "Nope, it doesn't involve you so there's no reason for you to know about it."
Chris groaned in disappointment, but his frustration didn't affect his appetite as he took a big bite of his bacon cheeseburger. Grease dropped onto his paper plate but he paid it little mind as his attention focused on Marcy again. "She is cute."
Cassie glanced over at Marcy and tilted her head as she studied the petite brunette. Despite her over exuberance, she was a pretty girl. "Does it matter?"
Chris grinned down at her as he shook back his mop of blond hair. "Not at all."
Cassie couldn't help but laugh at him. She loved the sparkle in his sapphire eyes, and the cocky grin that flashed across his handsome face. She leaned against his leg, relishing in the easy comfort, strength, and reassurance he gave her. He'd been her best friend, her rock, since she was born. Though many people thought they were a couple, or soon would be, there had never been anything other than sibling-like feelings between them.
Chris touched her shoulder briefly before turning his attention back to his cheeseburger, and Marcy. The hair on the back of Cassie's neck suddenly stood up, and a tingle swept down her spine that was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. With sudden certainty she knew someone was staring at her, watching her. Straightening away from Chris, she frowned as she rapidly scanned the forest, but she saw nothing, and no one, within its dark recesses.
Turning slowly, Cassie was surprised to realize her throat had gone dry, and her heart was trip hammering with excitement. She didn't know what was causing the strange reaction inside her body, but she couldn't stop it either. She was certain there was something out there, and it was waiting for her.
She froze as her gaze latched onto a man standing at the edge of the building closest to the road. He was illuminated by the splash of light pouring out of B's and S's, his features were indiscernible in the shadows playing over him. He stood completely still, his hands shoved into the pockets of his leather jacket. Even though the shadows kept him half hidden, she could see the startling, brilliant, emerald green of his eyes. They seemed to glow in the dark surrounding him.
To Cassie's utter amazement, the world around her suddenly ground to an abrupt halt. Everything around her fell away, the crowd disappeared; Chris and Melissa no longer existed as he became the central point of her world. He was inside of her, flowing through her veins, burning into her extremities, filling her. Though it made no sense to her, and she certainly couldn't explain it, he somehow helped to heal everything that had been hurting, and broken, and wrong within her.
Unknowingly, tears sprang to her eyes. She would be ok; everything would be ok now that he was here. The thought blazed into her mind, seared through her heart, and though it seemed crazy she knew it was completely right. She didn't understand how he made everything right, but he did. She needed him, the realization slammed into her with the force of a sledge hammer. It was a terrifying thought, confusing and unsettling. However, she knew it was completely true. 
"It's about time," Melissa muttered.
With those three words the world lurched back into frightening focus. The force of it left Cassie stunned and breathless. Her hand trembled as she wiped away the single tear that had unknowingly slid down her cheek. She was completely shaken by the bizarre encounter, unnerved, and yet exhilarated. She tried, but she couldn't break eye contact with the stranger.
Though she had no special gifts, no abilities like Chris and Melissa, she knew her life would never be the same again. She knew the presence of this strange man marked a significant change in her life.
Acute panic tore through her.


CHAPTER 2
"Bout time for what?" Chris sucked at his chocolate shake as he lifted a dark blond eyebrow quizzically at Melissa.
"Oh, uh, it's about time to go," Melissa answered absently. She neatly wiped her hands before tossing her napkin aside.
Cassie spun in her seat. She had to get as far away from here, and him, as possible. "Yes, it is," she eagerly agreed.
Leaping to her feet, she ignored the surprised looks Melissa and Chris shot her. She hastily grabbed her tray and tossed the plates haphazardly onto it. "Hey!" Chris cried as she grabbed his few remaining fries and threw them onto the heap.
"It's late, we have to go." Her voice trembled and to her utter surprise, and horror, so did her hands.
What was the matter with her? She didn't know this man; she didn't know that he meant anything to her. She simply knew he affected her on a physical level, so why was she acting like a loon? Why was she so certain he was going to drastically change her life?
She had no way of knowing for sure, but something inside of her, something instinctual and primal was screaming at her he would, and that was something she wasn't about to allow to happen.
Her life had already been turned upside down once; she couldn't go through it again, she didn't think she was strong enough to survive it a second time. Just four short years ago she had been a perfectly happy thirteen year old girl. Now she was a Hunter, spending far too much time in cemeteries, and killing vampires. Vampires for crying out loud! They were something she had once thought of as a myth, something made up for movies and books in order to entertain people, or scare them.
No, she absolutely did not want her life to change again. She had just gotten it straightened out, just gotten it to the point where she could accept her heritage, even if she didn't like it. She had craved a change, something different, but not this, not this big, and not him.
"Cassie…"
"I'm tired," she interrupted Melissa sharply. "I want to go home."
Melissa's questioning onyx eyes gleamed, but she bit into her lower lip as she refrained from saying anything more. Cassie's heart beat a staccato as she hurried to the trashcan. "My fries," Chris mourned morosely.
"I'll buy you two orders next time!" she shouted, immediately feeling guilty for her cross retort. Chris's eyes widened but he didn't say anything more. Apparently he'd decided sacrificing his fries was far better than arguing with her further. 
Though Cassie tried to ignore it, she could feel the stranger's eyes burning into her with every step she took. Her hands were shaking; her heart pounded loudly in her ears, and her throat was so dry she could barely swallow.
She couldn't deal with this, not right now. The strange sensations pounding through her were causing her composure to unravel. Something was going to happen, and he was going to be the cause of it. She didn't know if that something was going to be good or bad though, she couldn't sort through her thoughts, not with all these different emotions rioting through her.
"What put you in a pissy mood all of a sudden?" Chris mumbled.
Cassie shot him a dark look as she started to push him in the opposite direction of the man. She didn't trust herself to look back and see if he was still standing there or not. She was fearful she would freeze like a deer in the headlights if she looked at him again. "I just want to go home."
"Well, you're going in the wrong direction!" Chris protested as he tried to twist away from her shoving hands.
Cassie looked helplessly at Melissa, hoping for some assistance, but Melissa wasn't looking at her. Her attention was riveted upon the spot where Cassie had last seen the man. Melissa glanced back at Cassie, her eyes narrowed as she took in Cassie's frantic expression.
Chris was shaking his head in disgust when he pulled away from her. "Women," he muttered. "I'll never understand them."
Cassie helplessly stared after him as he stalked a few feet away, heading in the direction of the man still half hidden in the shadows of the building. Chris turned back to them and tapped his foot impatiently as he folded his arms over his broad chest. "Are you coming or not?" he demanded irritably, obviously still aggravated with her for being so snippy and throwing away his fries.
Cassie glanced pleadingly at Melissa but her attention was still focused on the strange man. Cassie wanted to hide behind her, but she found herself unable to move. She could still feel his heavy gaze, pinning her to the spot where she stood, burning into her soul. Melissa turned back to her; a half smile curved her full mouth.
"Come on Cassie, it's getting late," she said, her voice irritatingly cheerful.
Cassie stared helplessly at her. She desperately wished she could go back in time and insist they'd never come to B's and S's tonight. She wished for many, many things, but none of them were going to come true within the next minute. Even if they did come true, she had the unsettling feeling he still would have found her. 
That realization did nothing to ease the knot of anxiety crushing her chest.
No matter how much she didn't care to, she had to face this. Whatever this was. She had never run from anything before, and she wasn't about to start now. No, she was not a coward, but she was shaking like a leaf.
Taking a deep breath, she straightened her shoulders, and faked a bravery she didn't feel as she fell into step beside Melissa. Melissa's gaze was steady upon her, but she didn't ask any questions. Chris moved beside them, a dark look in his eyes as he continued to shoot Cassie disgruntled looks. For someone so good at reading people, he was being frustratingly insensitive to her emotions right now. Clenching her hands into fists, her nails dug into her palms as they moved toward the corner of the building.
Though she tried to fight it, her gaze was drawn to him like a magnet to metal. He reminded her of a black panther, hiding in the shadows, stalking her as his prey. Like a black hole, she couldn't help but be pulled into his stare, trapped by his gaze. Slowly, just as before, she could feel the hollowness inside her begin to fill and become whole again.
Suddenly she couldn't remember why she'd fought so hard against this unbelievable need to be near him. For some strange reason she was certain he wouldn't deny her, that he would eagerly accept her into his arms.
There was just enough light coming from the restaurant to silhouette his striking features. He was magnificent, his face all hard lines and sharp angles. His strong jaw and firm mouth were clenched together, a muscle twitched in his cheek as his emerald eyes blazed into hers. His wavy black hair was wind tossed and disheveled as it fell around his chiseled face. The boyishness of his tussled hair added an almost vulnerable air to him. His muscles flexed beneath his jacket and the body hugging t-shirt he wore.
"Hey," Chris greeted the outsider with a nod, his head slightly tilting to the side as he studied the man curiously, apparently trying to get a read on him.
The man nodded back at Chris, but his gaze never left hers. Cassie had to force herself not to reach out and touch him or run her fingers through his thick hair. Her body was alive with electricity; the urge to touch this man was almost overwhelming.
For a moment she thought he was going to touch her as he shifted again and moved his body within centimeters of hers. Though the two of them didn't make physical contact, she could still feel the warmth of his skin against hers. Instinctively, she knew that to touch him would be the most exquisite thing she would ever experience.
She’d never imagined she would ever feel like this about someone. She’d never thought it possible to be this lost, and found, all at once. He had found her, and he wasn't going to let her go. The certainties of her thoughts were frightening.
"Cassie! Cassie!"
The call of her name was like a bucket of ice water thrown onto her as the strange spell shattered around her. Snapping her head around, her gaze focused on Marcy. For the first time, Cassie was actually thankful for Marcy's obsessive, overeager ways. She needed a reprieve from the stranger in order to gather her wits again, and calm the turbulent beat of her heart.
Marcy thrust a piece of paper at her as she came to an abrupt halt in front of Cassie. Her leaf green eyes were enthusiastic as she grinned, her pretty face aglow in the light coming from the restaurant. "My cell number, call me later so we can go over some ideas."
Cassie stared at the paper, unable to fully form a coherent response. She managed a brief nod as she shoved it into her pocket. "Hey Marcy," Chris greeted.
Marcy turned five shades of red, a bashful smile spread across her lips as she ducked her head. Chris's grin grew as he folded his arms over his chest and rocked back on his heels. Melissa rolled her eyes as she lightly shoved him sideways. "You can flirt some other time," she muttered so that Marcy couldn't hear.
"Tomorrow," Marcy said before hurrying away.
Cassie glanced briefly back at the man, not surprised to find his gaze still focused on her. She thought she should be unnerved, or a little frightened by his intense scrutiny, but she wasn't. She found herself unable to move for a moment, but Chris tugged her forward, his displeasure with her still apparent. The man quirked a dark eyebrow at her, but other than that he remained completely still.
She allowed herself to be pulled away, not because she wished to leave, or flee from this outsider anymore. No, she allowed herself to be pulled forward simply because she didn't know what else to do. She couldn't stand there gaping at the man like a complete idiot all night.
She shot a quick glance back at him, not surprised to find he had turned to watch them leave. The hungry gleam in his emerald eyes sent a shiver down her spine. He looked like he would like to devour her, and she would willingly be his next meal.
That just confused and flustered her more. She shouldn't yearn for this, but she did.
***
Cassie slid the window open and leaned on the sill as she met Chris's twinkling gaze. "Why don't you just use the door?"
He shrugged as he heaved himself through the window. As big and muscular as he was, he was surprisingly agile and graceful. It was why he was the star of the football team. Well that, and his enhanced speed and strength gave him an advantage. "The window's more fun."
Cassie shook her head as she closed the window again, leaving it cracked to let the cool September air flow through. Chris moved across the room, plopped down on her bed, and crossed his long legs before him. Resting his elbow on his knee, he snatched the remote up and turned on the TV. Though he flipped idly through the channels, his easy demeanor was belied by the tension she sensed running through him.
She walked over to sit beside him. She didn't have to ask what was wrong; she knew it was his mother again. If he decided to talk about it, he would. If not, they would sit quietly until he was ready to go to sleep on the air mattress tucked under the bed just for him.
"Is your grandma home?" he inquired.
His gaze was focused on the TV, but most of his attention was on her. "No, she went to the church social tonight. There's left over lasagna in the fridge for you if you would like some."
He shrugged and set the remote down when he found the Red Sox game. "Someone took my fries," he muttered.
Cassie couldn't help but grin as she shoved playfully at his arm. "There were only a few left."
"The last ones are always the best."
Laughing, she pushed him again. "Do you want me to heat some lasagna for you?" Though she knew that was exactly what he was trying to guilt her into doing.
"I think you owe me."
Cassie climbed to her feet and shook her head at him. "You're lucky I love you."
He flashed his cocky grin with the easy charm most girls couldn't resist. "You'd better!"
Cassie was still shaking her head as she made her way downstairs. She may have been born an only child, but she still had an annoying, two week older brother. Finding her way easily through the darkened halls she entered the kitchen. She didn't bother with the switch, she could see almost as well with the lights off as she could with them on. She pulled the door of the fridge open and removed the hefty piece of lasagna her grandmother had set aside for Chris. Un-wrapping it, she tossed it into the microwave and hit the buttons.
Leaning against the sink, she stared out at the dark night, her mind not on the street before her, but on the strange man from earlier. She had done nothing but think about him since arriving home. He preoccupied her every thought and she couldn't rid her skin of the strange electricity he had created in her.
Instinctively she knew if she could just see him again, just touch him, then things would be better. The thought filled her with excitement, but also with a level of apprehension she couldn't shake. It made no sense to feel this intense of a connection with someone she didn't know.
She hated to see Chris so lost and angry with his mother, but she was secretly grateful for the distraction his company offered her from her strange thoughts and emotions. Now that she was alone again though, the stranger was back on her mind. She was truly afraid she’d never feel normal again until she touched him.
If she saw him again. The thought of never seeing him again sent her heart racing in fear.
Cassie shook her head as she tried to rid herself of her irrational thoughts. She was acting crazy; she was feeling crazy. Maybe everything that had happened to her over the past four years had finally caused her to lose her mind. How many people could actually know of the existence of vampires, fight them, and not go a little crazy? She wondered absently.
Not many.
Movement in the shadows outside the kitchen windows caught her attention, drawing her gaze back to the street. The shadows shifted again before settling down once more. Cassie turned her attention to the copse of trees at the edge of the yard. The sudden beep of the microwave caused her to jump and spun her toward the machine. She shook her head, aggravated with herself for allowing someone to affect her this much. She didn't know him, what she felt for him couldn't be real, and he shouldn't be affecting her this way. Hell, she didn't even know his name.
Grabbing the lasagna from the microwave, she cast another glance out the window. Nothing moved amongst the shadows, but Chris's mom had come onto her porch. She held a beer bottle in one hand, a cigarette in the other, as she stared into space. A man emerged behind her and wrapped his arm around her waist. Cassie had never seen him before, but then, she rarely saw any of Mary's men twice in a row.
The man's presence explained why Chris was here tonight.
Shaking her head, she hurried back upstairs, eager to get the food to Chris. She swung into her room, not at all surprised to find the air mattress already set up. "Thanks," he muttered as he took the plate from her.
Cassie nodded and plopped herself onto the bed beside him. This was going to be one of the nights when Chris didn't like to speak; one of the nights when he had no words to convey his unhappiness. That was just fine by her, she wasn't much in the mood for talking either, but there was one thing she had to know.
"Chris?"
"Hmm," he murmured around a mouthful of lasagna.
Swallowing nervously, Cassie's hands knotted in her lap. "Do you remember that man from earlier?" When he shot her a confused look, she elaborated. "The one standing next to B's and S's?"
He nodded as he took another large bite of lasagna. "What about him?" he inquired when he swallowed.
"Did you um, well did you feel anything from him?" she hedged.
Chris's eyes narrowed on her. She never asked questions about what he or Melissa knew, but this time she couldn't stop herself from asking. She had to know why she couldn't get the strange guy out of her thoughts, and Chris might be able to help her with that. "No, not really," he answered haltingly. "Why?"
She turned her attention back to the game, hoping that Chris wouldn't notice or pick up on the anxiety and excitement wracking her. "I was just wondering, haven't seen him around before."
It was not a lie, she tried to reassure herself, but she didn't think Chris bought it. Fortunately, he knew her well enough to know not to push her. Without Chris in her life, she had no idea what would have become of her. He kept her sane in a world of madness and confusion.
She dropped her head comfortingly on his shoulder. For the first time all night, she finally began to feel normal again.


CHAPTER 3
Cassie slid her sunglasses onto the top of her head; she surveyed the crowded school parking lot as she stepped away from Chris's beat up Mustang. The car looked like junk now, but Chris planned to restore it to its former nineteen sixty-four glory. Cassie had no doubt he could do it, the only thing she doubted was that he would ever have the time to devote to it. Just as he hadn't had time for his real job once school started again. Not with hunting vampires, thrown in with school work and football practice.
Melissa slid out of the car beside her; her black hair was pulled into a sleek French braid that hung almost to her waist. "Freaking death trap," she muttered.
"I heard you!" Chris shouted from inside the car as he fiddled with his updated stereo system. Disturbed blasted loudly from the large speakers stuffed in the trunk moments before Chris popped his head above the roof. "I'll have you know this car is a classic."
"More like an antique," Melissa informed him.
He dropped his hands on the roof as he leaned forward. "And one day it's going to be awesome."
"Well, until that day, it is a death trap," Melissa retorted.
Chris made a face at her before ducking back inside the car and turning the music up louder. Cassie grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder. Cars were lined up and down the senior parking lot, music blaring from most of them as the students each tried to outdo the stereo of the others around them.
Students milled about everywhere, calling greetings to their friends as they moved through the cramped spaces. Some juniors had strolled over from the lot below, but most stayed by their own cars. Cassie usually enjoyed the noise and confusion of the mornings, it helped to wake her up, but today she found herself wishing everyone would keep their music at a normal level, and their voices pitched below screaming. She'd gotten little sleep, and the dull throbbing in her temples was a constant reminder.
"I'm going in," she muttered to Melissa.
Melissa frowned at her. "Are you ok?"
Cassie frowned as she nodded and pulled her glasses back over her tired, aching eyes. "I didn't sleep well, and the sun is awfully bright."
"It tends to be."
Cassie didn't have the energy to come up with a witty reply as she tightened her grip on the straps of her bag and made her way into the crowd. People called out greetings to her that she returned with a forced smile and a cheery demeanor she didn't really feel. Her skin was still oddly electrified to the point she wanted to rip it off, her mind remained focused upon one ever present thought. Him.
Swiftly climbing the steps, she was grateful when she stepped into the cool interior of the dimly lit foyer. The shade was a relief to her skin and eyes after the hot sun. On days when she was run down, the sun was oddly draining to her. It stung her eyes more, and made her skin itch. It was easier to just avoid sunlight when she was overtired.
A sophomore boy held the door open for her, and made a grand, sweeping gesture that brought the first true smile to her lips. With few students in the halls, it was far easier to move as she gathered her things from her locker and strolled to homeroom.
***
Devon stood within the shadows, leaning against the cool wall as he watched her move down the hall. Her head was bent forward; her golden hair cascaded in thick waves to the small of her back. Though he couldn't see her face, the utter perfection of her beautiful, delicate features had been burned into his memory last night. Cassie, he recalled the small girl from last night calling her.
He stepped away from the wall as she disappeared into one of the near empty classrooms. He didn't know what he was doing here, he had never stepped foot into a high school before, nor had he ever planned to do so, until today. For some reason though, he found himself standing amongst the stark, foreign halls.
Well, he knew the reason, and it was her.
Ever since he had first laid eyes on her, first smelled her, he had been inexplicably drawn to her. He'd just been passing through town, heading for the woods in search of food, when he'd caught her scent. The blood flowing through her veins was strong, its fragrance deliciously alluring. It had reeled him in like a fish on a hook, snagging hold of him and refusing to let go.
Though he hadn't fed off a human in over a hundred years, he'd been unable to resist her interesting appeal. He was so intrigued by her that he hadn't been able to roam far from her since he'd first seen her. Somehow, strangely, she was a shining light against the darkness residing in him, and he had to get closer to her. Though he hadn't intended to follow her to school, he had to see her again in order to try and figure out this strange hold she had over him.
There was a wealth of sadness in her, an aura of innocence and integrity that called out to him. It touched something in him, sparked to life something he'd thought cold and dead centuries ago. She touched something he hadn't known he’d possessed anymore. It had taken him awhile to name the strange emotion building inside him. It shook him when he finally recognized it as hope.
He hadn't felt like this since Annabelle. Had not felt this pull and… obsession? Yes, it was definitely obsession he felt for this girl, but it was different from what he'd felt for Annabelle. This felt good, it felt right. This girl affected him in such a different way than Annabelle had. At one time, long ago, he simply had to have Annabelle, had to possess her, had to break her, but this girl…
For reasons he couldn't explain, he felt the need to protect Cassie. Seeing her made him feel alive again, almost like a normal human being. He didn't understand her hold over him, but he couldn't fight the sensations pulling at him. No, this girl was completely different from Annabelle. With Annabelle it had been a game, one that had changed him forever.
Last night, when this girl had turned to look at him, his heart had leapt in his chest, or at least it had felt like it for a moment. He hadn't thought of his beating heart or the lack thereof in centuries. However, he swore he could hear it beating now, could almost feel it pulsing blood through his deadened veins once more.
This girl was beautiful, spectacular, perfect, but it wasn't her looks holding him captivate. It was the splendor of her wounded but still vibrant spirit. Though she radiated loss and loneliness, he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her. He knew with absolute certainty she could ease the aching loneliness that had eaten at his soul for centuries and nearly destroyed him time and time again. After all of his time on earth, he’d never expected to be shocked or thrown off balance again.
He'd been wrong.
He was completely thrown off balance now. He was unsettled and enchanted by this girl, a teenage girl no less.
He watched as the halls began to fill up, and the chatter and laughter grew louder as students milled about. Lockers opened and slammed as they prepared for the day. He found himself oddly enthralled by the simplicity of their lives, amazed by the easy flow of their days. It was something he'd never witnessed as he tended to stay away from humans, and the allure of their warm blood, and pumping hearts.
Though he had control over his baser, more murderous instincts, he felt it best to avoid temptation as much as possible. Even after all of these years, he could still clearly recall the taste of their warm blood, the thrill of the hunt, and the surge of power their deaths had brought him. However, no matter how much of a temptation their blood was, he'd been drawn here by her, and he was loath to leave her now.
Slipping from the shadows, he ignored the startled looks his sudden emergence caused the students closest to him. He sensed the surprise, curiosity, and lust following his movements. He was focused upon his goal as he made his way toward the offices he'd seen at the front of the building.
If he was going to stay close to her, and get to know her better, then there was only one thing he could do. He struggled to tune out the fluttering beat of the hearts surrounding him as he took in the people he would be spending the rest of the day with.


CHAPTER 4
Cassie idly played with the pages of her notebook as the principal droned on with the daily announcements. She honestly didn't know if she was going to make it through this day. She was wound tight as a spring about ready to break. Closing her eyes, she folded her arms and dropped her head on the desk as she stifled a yawn. Chris shot her a questioning look, but she ignored it as she allowed her eyes to drift shut.
The morning announcements finally came to an end and attendance began. Cassie shot her hand up, not bothering to lift her head when her name was called. Chatter started up the minute attendance ended. Homework was discussed; plans for the weekend were made in the few minutes left before the day started.
"You ok?"
Cassie opened her eyes, her lids felt like lead as she met Chris's worried gaze. "Just a little tired," she assured him.
The class suddenly became still as a strange hush settled over everyone. Cassie frowned at the startled look that came over Chris's face. He froze where he was, his hand upon her desk and his eyes riveted on something at the front of the class.
A feeling of foreboding stole through her. The strange tingling sensation once again raced down her spine. Her already frayed nerve endings leapt to blazing life, as they seemed to sizzle and crack with electricity. She remained frozen, unable to lift her head to see what had everyone so riveted; she was certain she already knew, she just wasn't certain how she was going to deal with it.
Swallowing heavily, she fought to rid herself of the gigantic lump in her throat. Taking a deep breath, she gathered all of her courage, and whatever strength she had left and slowly lifted her head, her eyes immediately making contact with his. Her heart fluttered like a bird trapped in a cage, his powerful body seemed so out of place in the classroom.
Her classroom!
It took her a moment to truly comprehend he was really there, that she hadn't fallen asleep and started dreaming about him. She had to be awake though, for she could never dream anything so amazing or so frightening. She also never would have dreamed he was a high school student. He seemed far older than her, or any of her other classmates. He exuded a raw power and confidence none of them possessed. Yet he was standing there as if he truly belonged; standing there as if he didn't look as out of place as a platypus would.
Even Mrs. Mann looked slightly flabbergasted as he spoke quietly with her, then handed her a slip of paper allowing him to join the class. Cassie stared at the slip of paper as she wrestled to get her mind focused on something other than her crazy physical reaction to his presence, in her otherwise calm and normal day.
He turned away from Mrs. Mann, and his intense emerald eyes instantly latched onto hers. Cassie inhaled sharply, tears once again flooded her eyes as a sense of peace and rightness stole through her. His gaze never left hers as Mrs. Mann cleared her throat to get everyone's attention. Everyone's interest was already focused upon the outsider in their midst though. Few new students ever moved to their small town, let alone one as fascinating and magnificent as he was. He would be the center of attention for the rest of the year.
"Class, I would like to introduce you to Devon Knight."
Something flickered in his eyes; a small smile curved his full mouth as he finally turned his gaze to the rest of the students. With the connection broken, a crushing sense of being trapped descended upon her. She couldn't be stuck here with him; she couldn't be forced into a destiny she didn't want. Not again.
And she did not want this, whatever this was, she told herself fiercely. However, she secretly suspected she did.
"You are lucky Devon; we have plenty of people in this class who would be more than happy to show you around." Cassie slid further down in her desk as Mrs. Mann's gaze scanned the classroom. "Melissa, would you be willing to show Devon around?"
Relief and disappointment crashed through Cassie in turbulent waves that left her shaken and unsettled. Melissa stiffened in front of Cassie. "Of course," she replied pleasantly.
The bell rang, but nobody leapt to their feet as they all remained focused on the new guy. "Have a good day everyone," Mrs. Mann announced loudly.
The trance seemed to shatter as everyone moved into action. Melissa turned to Cassie, a strange gleam in her onyx eyes. "Would you like to join us?"
Cassie opened her mouth to answer, but no words would come out. She shook her head, and knocked back her chair as she lurched to her feet. Both Chris and Melissa studied her in surprise as she scooped up her bag, and flung it over her shoulder. "Cassie…"
"I have to go, I'll see you later," she interrupted abruptly.
Her gaze darted back to the front of the class, where he was standing patiently, his eyes still focused on her. Cassie bent her head, scared to look at him in case she got sucked in by him again. If she did, she knew she would never escape. Keeping her head down, she joined the crush of students pushing into the crowded hallway.
She barely acknowledged the greetings she received as she hurried down the hall. Pushing her way into the bathroom she ignored the girls huddled by the window smoking cigarettes. They didn't acknowledge her presence either. Turning the faucet on, Cassie eagerly splashed her face with cold water.
She would not cry, she could not cry. If she did, she knew she would never stop. Turning the water off, she placed her hands on the edge of the sink and gasped in air as she struggled to keep control of her wildly swaying emotions. She wanted to sob over the events that kept throwing her life into a tailspin and for the joy and electricity still sizzling through her. She wanted it to end and for him to go away so she could feel normal again.
"Are you ok?"
She glanced up at one of the girls who'd been smoking, but was now hovering by her elbow. Worry marred the girl's delicate forehead, her hazel eyes were flecked with streaks of gold as well as concern for someone she didn't know. "I'm fine," Cassie answered shakily.
The girl gave her a worried frown as she handed her a wad of paper towels. "Are you sure?"
Cassie's hands shook as she took the towels and voiced her thanks. She was ashamed to realize she didn't know her name. "Yes. I'm Cassie."
"I know." The girl's short brown hair, streaked with shades of green, bobbed around her shoulders as she smiled. "Danielle, but my friends call me Dani."
Smiling tremulously, Cassie's hands clenched briefly around the crumpled towels. "Pleasure to meet you Dani, thank you."
A small smile flitted across the girl's pretty face before she retreated back to her hazy corner. Drying her face, Cassie glanced only briefly at her reflection. She already knew she was a mess, but her frantic, bloodshot eyes were a bit of a surprise. She looked half crazed, and it was not a good look on her. There was nothing she could do about her eyes though, she had no eye drops, and she didn’t think they would help right now. At this point, she didn't think anything could help.
Taking a deep breath, she retrieved the backpack she had hastily dumped on the floor. The hall was almost deserted when she poked her head out of the bathroom. She was still shaky and distraught, but at least she didn't feel like she was on the brink of a meltdown anymore. Making her way down the hall, she slipped into her history class. People shot her questioning looks as she made her way to her desk, but thankfully no one stopped her.
Sitting at her desk, Cassie dropped her head in her hands. She forced herself to remain seated and not get up and leave class, and school. Though it was a tempting thought, she knew she couldn't run forever, apparently he was going to be in her life from now on or at least in her school. She would have to find another way to deal with the situation other than running.
She felt avoidance would be best.
***
Devon searched the cafeteria as he made his way through the thick crowd with Melissa leading the way. "No matter what, bring your own lunch on Thursdays, the spaghetti is awful," she told him in between the vast amount of "hello's" she received, and returned.
He turned his attention back to her as she stopped before him and her dark eyes searched his face. She was a nice enough girl, but the intense way she studied him was more than a little unsettling. He had the strange feeling she saw more of him than he would like her to. Her head tilted, her exotically slanted eyes narrowed as a small smile flitted over her full mouth.
"Thanks for the warning."
She grinned as she shrugged a dainty shoulder, and made her way back through the crowd. "The seniors sit in the back of the cafeteria when it's too crappy to sit outside."
Devon barely paid attention to her as his eyes returned to the mob of students. He could sense her somewhere amongst the crowd; he could smell her marvelous aroma. He hadn't seen Cassie since this morning, when she had fled the classroom in an obvious panic. It wasn't the reaction he'd hoped for from her, but at least he knew she felt something too. He just wasn't sure what.
The crowd suddenly opened to reveal her. She was sitting at a table, an apple held casually in her hand as she stared up at the boy standing at her side. The boy was tall and muscular, his brown hair curled at the collar of his shirt, he leaned forward to rest his hands on the table. She shook her head at him and placed the apple down. Devon didn't like the aggravation he sensed from her; it was more than apparent she was annoyed by the boy.
"Who is that with your friend?" Devon inquired, trying to sound as casual as possible.
Melissa glanced toward the table. "Mark Young. He's been chasing Cassie since middle school; unfortunately he doesn't take a hint."
Devon folded his arms over his chest as Cassie shook her head at Mark. He already had enough competition in the form of Cassie's boyfriend for her attention; he didn't require anymore. "And her boyfriend doesn't do anything about it?" Though he tried, he was unable to keep the aggravation from his voice.
Melissa frowned at him as her dark eyebrows drew together over her petite nose. "Cassie doesn't have a boyfriend."
Devon's gaze returned to the table as the tall blond he'd seen her with last night appeared. He nodded briefly to Mark before sliding into the seat next to Cassie. Leaning toward her, he grabbed a handful of fries from her plate. Devon would have sworn the two of them were together. Hell, the boy had crawled through her bedroom window last night, and he hadn't come back out.
A surprising jolt of anger and jealousy twisted his gut. He’d never experienced jealousy before. It was an emotion that until now, had been utterly foreign to him. For most of his existence he'd always taken whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it. He didn't like the feeling of helplessness filling him, and anger was an emotion he couldn't allow himself to experience. Anger made him unstable, and for him, instability could be lethal for those around him.
Devon took a deep breath as he tried to steady the pendulum of emotions swinging through him. He was beginning to realize this was a giant mistake. He never should have come here; he shouldn't have placed himself in closer proximity to her. She helped to fill the void in his soul, but she also served to unhinge all of the grueling work he'd done to keep himself under firm restraint.
He couldn't allow that to happen, he couldn't risk losing control of himself and hurting someone, possibly even her. He would rather destroy himself than see her harmed in anyway, least of all by his own hand.
Though he knew he should leave, he couldn't bring himself to move. He was entranced by her as a cheeky grin spread over her full lips and she shoved playfully against the blond sitting beside her. Their ease and obvious affection for each other made it difficult to believe they weren't together.
"Then who is that boy beside her?" His voice was tense as he grated the words through clenched teeth.
Melissa glanced toward the table; a lively smile lit her exotic face. "Oh, that's just Chris." He glanced at her in confusion. "They've been friends since they were born, more like siblings actually."
A startling sense of relief flooded him as he glanced back at the table. Their blond heads were bent close together as they talked. Mark, completely forgotten, shook his head and turned away. "Come on, let's get you some lunch."
He glanced back at Melissa, not surprised to see her shrewd eyes on him. He shook his head, not at all interested in the mounds of human food. There was only thing he hungered to taste in this cafeteria. "I'm not hungry."
She nodded and led him over to the table. Chris looked up at him first, his sapphire colored eyes widened as he stopped speaking. Cassie's shoulders stiffened, her back straightened as she seemed to brace herself. Very deliberately, she turned toward him and her eyes clashed with his.
The full force of her gaze rattled him, shaking him to the very marrow of his bones as he once again felt an odd little skip in the deadened area of his heart. She had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen. They were a pristine azure blue with flecks of pure, deep purple speckled throughout. In all of his many years, he'd never seen eyes like hers.
"Cassie, Chris, this is Devon."
"We were in homeroom too Melissa," Chris reminded her. "Nice to meet you."
Devon had to force himself to tear his gaze away from Cassie as Chris thrust his hand out. He took hold of it, noting the thick calluses on Chris's palm as they shook firmly. Chris's eyes darkened subtly, his hand tightened around Devon's as his gaze became piercing. His face hardened and the smile slipped away. Melissa took a small step forward as she grasped Chris's shoulder.
Chris shook his head; his eyes flitted away from Devon to Melissa. Pulling his hand away from Devon's, Chris turned toward Cassie with a slight crease between his brows. Devon stared at them in bewildered confusion, unable to understand what had just happened. For a second, he could have sworn Chris had looked inside him, seen something there, and apparently didn't like what he saw.
Chris slid back in his seat, still frowning as he stared at his tray of food. Devon shook his crazy thoughts off, he didn't care what Chris thought of him. She was the only one who mattered. Cassie was still staring at him, her head tilted to the side as she watched him with wary eyes. She didn't extend a hand, didn't move as he slid into the seat across from her.
Well, he thought wryly, at least she wasn't bolting like a rabbit again. Melissa dropped her lunch on the table; she dug into her cotton bag as she hummed cheerfully to herself. She seemed happily oblivious to the tension thrumming through them all.
"Are you going to eat that?"
Cassie blinked in surprise, looking away from Devon as Chris leaned over her to point at her brownie. She shook her head, her gaze focused on the table as she pushed her tray toward him. Devon watched her for a few moments more, oddly fascinated by the way the light played over her delicate features.
She was stunningly beautiful, but it was not lust drawing him to her like a moth to a flame. He wanted even more to be near her, and make sure she was safe. These protective, tender emotions were new to him, and a little disconcerting, but he found he enjoyed them just the same.
More students rambled over to them and dropped their trays down. "Man did you see the Sox game last night?" one of the newer arrivals asked Chris.
"Yeah," Chris mumbled. "Jason, this is Devon."
Jason was well built; his letterman's jacket was stretched taut over his broad shoulders. Hazel eyes glanced inquisitively at Devon as he gave a brief nod. "Hey," he greeted absently.
"Hi."
"And this is Kara, Susan, Billy, and David," Melissa continued, pointing out the four other new people who had joined them.
The boys nodded to him, the girls stared with open admiration. He could hear the increase of the girl's heartbeats; sense their excitement as their blood pulsed more rapidly through their veins. His hunger perked, but drawing on his rigid self-control, he buried it once more. He wasn't sure how much longer he would be able to keep doing that. Eventually the thirst would take over, and it would be necessary for him to feed. He hoped he would be able to make it through the rest of this strenuous day first.
"Where are you from?" Susan crossed her hands before her as she leaned forward.
Devon lifted an eyebrow as he fought a smile. He was from everywhere, but he was sure they wouldn't appreciate that answer. "New York," he lied easily.
"Oh really, you don't have an accent. You must hate having to move to this small, nowhere town after such a big place!"
Melissa and Cassie both sighed heavily, briefly drawing his attention back to them. Cassie's gaze was still focused on her tray, but he could sense her disquiet. "I'm from upstate New York, a town smaller than this one, so it's actually an improvement."
"Why did you move here?"
Devon shrugged, he didn't like to lie, but most of his existence was based on one giant lie. "Change of scenery."
"I hope you're not a Yankee's fan," Jason muttered.
"I don't really follow sports."
Cassie's eyes twinkled with amusement as she glanced up at him. "That's great. Maybe I could show you around tonight or something. You know, show you where all the hotspots are," Susan continued eagerly.
"What hotspots?" Billy retorted irritably.
Susan glared at him. "There are a few."
"B's and S's?"
"The Lookout and Standish beach," she retorted impatiently.
"Whoopee."
Susan glared at Billy briefly before focusing her attention back on Devon. "Anyway, if you would like, I'll take you around and show you everything."
Billy and David shook their heads in disgust; they turned their attention away from Susan as they started talking about football. "Thank you, but I think I'm all set."
Susan's pretty face fell in disappointment. "Well, if you change your mind let me know."
He gave her a brisk nod before focusing on Cassie once more. She was watching him silently, her eyes steady and calm as he met her gaze. His heart seemed to lurch again, for a moment he felt it beating forcefully in his chest, and then it was dead once more. Whatever the strange connection between him and this girl was, he didn't think he would ever understand it, much less get used to it.
He couldn't take his eyes away from her as she lowered her gaze, once again focusing on the table as she dropped her half eaten apple on the tray. The loud ringing of the bell caused everyone to lurch to their feet like Pavlov's dogs. Devon raised an eyebrow at the sign of automatic obedience, but he found himself following suit.
Her eyes met his again, her hands clenching her tray. There was a sad acceptance in her gaze he didn't understand, a look of resignation that touched something deep inside him. He longed to ease the aching loneliness he sensed in her.
Melissa was before him again, amusement radiating from her as she glanced knowingly at Cassie. "What's your next class?" He tore his attention away from Cassie, slipping the well worn schedule from his pocket as he handed it to Melissa. "Oh good, Cassie and I have American history now too."
Cassie paled visibly as her eyes shot away from them. For a moment it seemed she was going to bolt from the room again. Then, her focus came back to him and a steely resolve descended over her as she nodded briskly. Turning abruptly, she hurried to the nearest trash can and dumped her mostly untouched lunch.


CHAPTER 5
Cassie shifted uncomfortably, her entire body felt like a giant walking bruise. She had taken quite the pounding in training today, pushing herself extra hard in the hope the exertion would help to bury all thoughts of Devon. It hadn't worked.
Cassie rolled her shoulders, trying to work out the lingering tension. The hot water of her shower had helped her to relax some, but not completely. While she dressed then brushed out the tangles in her hair, she listened to the sound of the TV coming from her room.
Limping a little, she pulled the door open. Chris was sitting Indian style on her bed, his hands folded before him as he leaned toward the TV. The Red Sox were in the race for the playoffs and he was riveted. Cassie shook her head as he groaned loudly and pounded his fist onto the bed. "These guys are killing me!"
Cassie chuckled as she settled onto the bed beside him. "Is it over?"
"Might as well be," he muttered.
Cassie pat his knee reassuringly. "Are you going to stay here tonight?"
Chris shook his head before rising to his feet. "No, it's pretty peaceful over there, and I suppose I should go home once in a while."
"I guess," she muttered.
"Are you going to miss me?" he asked teasingly.
"Always." Though it was true, Cassie didn't tell him that she didn't want to be alone tonight. If she was alone then she would think, and if she thought, she knew her thoughts would be centered on him.
Cassie shuddered and wrapped her arms around herself. She didn't want to think about Devon, she wanted to forget his existence entirely, but she knew it would be impossible, especially if Chris went home. Unfortunately she couldn't bring herself to ask Chris to stay. He would know something was wrong if she did.
Swallowing her anxiety, she drew on her pride as Chris swung a leg out her window to take his normal exit from her house. "I'll see you in the morning."
Cassie nodded as he leapt onto the tree branch and hung for a brief moment before scurrying down the limb hand over hand. His legs wrapped around the trunk as he used the other branches to climb to the ground. She watched as he loped across the street and disappeared through his front door.
Cassie closed the window most of the way. Hitting the switch, she slipped into bed, knowing that she wouldn't be able to sleep. Staring blankly at the flickering TV she tried to shut her mind down and not think of Devon, but the harder she tried the more she found herself fixated on him.
Tossing and turning, Cassie finally managed to slip into a restless sleep at almost two in the morning. She dreamed of him.
***
Cassie squinted against the daylight and longed for stronger sunglasses. Her eyes were killing her; she was exhausted, twitchy, and extremely agitated. Her skin felt two sizes too small, and the sun was making it prickle like she'd just brushed against a stinging nettle.
It was going to be a miserable day and she hadn't even made it into the school yet. Rubbing the back of her neck, she eased further into the shadows of the giant oak overhanging Chris's Mustang. "Are you ok?" She glanced over at Melissa and nodded as she hugged her books to her chest. "Cassie…"
Melissa's voice trailed off as a hush settled over the student body. The tingling sensation of her skin increased tenfold, the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. She turned and her eyes instantly latched onto the sleek black Challenger driving past. Her heart turned over and her mouth went dry. She knew instantly who was behind the wheel, though the tinted windows were too dark to get a glimpse of the driver.
"Wow." Chris's eyes were so large Cassie was certain they were about to pop out of his head.
Cassie pressed her back against the oak tree, trying to make herself invisible. Memories of her dreams from last night suddenly assaulted her, flooding her body with heat. Though the dreams had just been bits and pieces of him standing by B's and S's watching her, they had left her aching for more.
She watched breathlessly, her heart hammering loudly in her chest as the car slid into a parking spot and Devon climbed out. Though he wore dark sunglasses, she knew the moment when his gaze locked onto hers. Her legs went weak and her body turned to rubber, as she felt his gaze burning into her. Cassie was unable to move as she stared back at him. She felt like a fool for being caught staring, no gaping at him, but she couldn't bring herself to care.
His gaze was torn from her as Marcy and Susan eagerly hurried over to him. Cassie slumped against the tree as she fought to catch her breath and ease the pounding of her heart. She was shaking, trembling like a leaf as the effects of his gaze took its toll. Chris was staring at her questioningly, an eyebrow lifted in surprise.
"What's wrong with you?"
Cassie shook her head as she tried not to completely fall apart. "Nothing."
He continued to stare at her, but thankfully Jason and Kara picked then to arrive and distract him from her present state. The game was discussed, plans were made, but Cassie barely heard any of it. Unwillingly, her gaze returned to Devon. He was still standing by the car, but he now had a large group of female admirers surrounding him.
Cassie's heart lurched as jealousy filled her. There was some strange connection between them (or at least she believed so), but it was more than apparent he could have his choice of any of the girls, and none of them were avoiding him as much as she was. Her annoyance mounted as Marcy touched his arm, grinning cheerfully as her hand lingered far longer than Cassie liked. All she craved was to know what he felt like, and now Marcy did.
"He is wicked hot," Kara gushed from beside her.
Cassie started in surprise; she’d been so focused on Devon she hadn't realized Kara had moved to stand beside her. "Who?" she managed to croak out, knowing full well who Kara was talking about.
Kara grinned at her. "The new guy, the one you're staring at."
Cassie shifted uncomfortably. She didn’t know she’d been so overt in her ogling. "Um yeah, he's ok," she hedged.
Kara laughed as she flung her backpack higher on her shoulder, and Melissa moved over to join them. "Would you like to go over there with me?" Kara inquired.
Cassie fervently shook her head. "No."
Kara shrugged. "Suit yourself."
Kara slipped away to join the growing group of eager girls throwing themselves at Devon. "You ok?" Melissa asked softly.
Cassie nodded, though she knew it was a lie. "I'm going to head inside."
"I'll go with you."
Cassie moved away from the tree and winced as she stepped into the harsh rays of the sun. She could almost feel her skin burning, her eyes watered as she squinted against the bright light. She gave Devon a wide berth, but she could feel his eyes following her as she hurried toward the shelter of the school.
It was going to be another tiresome day and she wasn't at all prepared for it.


CHAPTER 6
Though he sat at her lunch table again, Cassie didn't return to it. In fact, she didn't come into the cafeteria, for three days in a row. He was growing impatient and aggravated with her. While every other girl in the school was throwing themselves at him, she was doing her best to avoid him at every turn.
Now, finally, she was back in the cafeteria. He watched as she walked through the crowd with an ease and grace. She was unable to move fast as it seemed like everyone wanted her attention. Though she spoke with everyone, and smiled kindly, he could sense her impatience. He was just as impatient as she was. He wanted her over here, with him, where he could finally try and talk to her again.
He slid into the chair that had become his, and tapped his finger impatiently on the table as he waited for Cassie to reappear. People slid in around him, and though they talked to him, he barely acknowledged them as his gaze remained focused on the wall she had disappeared behind. He still didn't understand why he was so enthralled with this girl, but he was. He dreamed of her every night, haunting dreams that left him shaken and unfulfilled in the morning. He longed to know what she would really feel like in his arms, not just what her ghostly dream image felt like.
"Hello," he glanced over at Marcy, giving her a brief nod as she slid into the seat next to him and leaned in annoyingly close.
Devon knew he had a large group of admirers now; there was nothing he could do about it, but Marcy was by far the most persistent and overt. She moved closer to him, and her small hand dropped onto his arm. Cocking an eyebrow pointedly at her hand, he grappled not to lose his patience with the clingy girl.
She chose to completely ignore the impatience rolling off of him in waves. "Are you going to come to B's and S's tonight?"
Devon glanced back at where Cassie had disappeared. He hadn't been back to the restaurant since he'd first seen her. She hadn't returned there either in the past three nights, choosing instead to go to Melissa's house with Chris. He found himself more than a little pathetic for knowing that, but he had to make sure she stayed safe.
He tried to convince himself that his behavior was reasonable, but he knew he was bordering on becoming an obsessive stalker. He barely recognized himself anymore and it was a brutal realization to know one girl could make him become something he never thought he could be. Then again, it had been another girl who had completely changed him in a way he'd never expected.
However Cassie was an exceptional girl, she was a unicorn, he realized with a start as she reemerged from the lunch line. She was a rare, never imagined find. Her smile was easy and cheerful as she conversed with the girls by her side. He'd only known her for a few days, but he'd come to realize she was never alone. There was always someone by her side, demanding her attention. It was annoying, especially when she was so giving of her time with them, while she ignored and avoided the hell out of him.
Mark honed in on her like a missile on its target. Devon's senses went on high alert as he felt an undercurrent of annoyed impatience running through the boy. Mark arrived at Cassie's side and touched her elbow to gain her attention.
She took a small step back as she turned toward him. Anger rolled through Devon as Mark moved closer to her. Using his height as an intimidation factor, he bent over her. Cassie's eyes narrowed sternly, her shoulders straightened as she tilted her chin up proudly. Devon was impressed by her show of strength and defiance, but he wished she would simply back away. The instability he sensed within Mark worried him, he knew the boy would crack if pushed, and Cassie seemed determined to push him away.
Devon rose to his feet, with every intention of intervening. Her safety was his number one concern, and around Mark, he knew she wasn’t safe.
Chris appeared at her side suddenly and used his shoulder to push past Mark. Chris smiled at Mark, but there was coiled tension in his solid frame, and no sparkle in his sapphire eyes. He spoke briefly to Mark while nudging Cassie further back. Cassie didn't look pleased to be pushed out of the way as she glared at Chris's back.
Chris finally managed to disentangle the two of them from Mark, though Mark stared after them as Chris continued to steer Cassie toward the glass doors at the back of the cafeteria. Devon suddenly recalled Melissa's words on his first day. The seniors sat outside when the weather permitted. Until now, he hadn't noticed that a fair amount of seniors was missing as his table was packed with girls, who wouldn't leave his side if he remained inside.
If he moved outside now, they would only follow. The last thing he needed was a gaggle of giggling teens following him around while he tried to talk with Cassie. He watched her as she moved woodenly toward the doors, her tray clenched in her hands, her head held immobile, and her neck straight.
He felt the breaking point when she lost the battle and her head turned toward him. The impact of her gaze was like a lightning bolt as it struck him. It sizzled through his dried veins and caused his deadened heart to vibrate with pulsing electricity.
She hesitated briefly, her eyes warmed as a wave of heat flooded her porcelain cheeks. Her thick dark lashes swept down to shadow her eyes as she bowed her head. Her golden hair fell forward, hiding her face as she hurried on. She dropped her sunglasses back into place before following Chris outside.
Disappointment filled him as he turned away from her, his irritation mounted as he spotted Mark. He was still staring after Cassie with a thunderous expression on his face. Mark hesitated for a moment longer before turning and slinking over to a table packed with boys just as large and muscular as he was. They were all wearing black and gold jackets with a white horse on the back.
Devon had no idea why they were all wearing the same coats, but they seemed to think they were special as none of the boys were taking them off, even though it was hot in the cafeteria. Devon shook his head; he didn't understand human customs at all, least of all teenage ones. Staying here for much longer was going to drive him crazy, but he wasn't leaving here without finding out exactly why he was so drawn to Cassie.
And that meant finally getting closer to her.
He turned back to Marcy, deciding to use her clinginess to his advantage for a change. "What do you know about Cassie?"
Marcy was taken aback as she leaned away from him. He should have taken a different approach, he realized belatedly. "Why?"
Devon shrugged negligently. Leaning closer to Marcy, he placed his hand briefly upon her arm as he sought to soothe her. "I'm simply curious; Mark seems to truly like her."
She relaxed, but her eyes still radiated distrust. "He's liked her for awhile, but she just strings him along like she strings Chris, and everyone else along."
Devon quirked an eyebrow, he wondered if it had been Mark, or Chris, that Marcy liked before he had walked into this school and she'd become fixated on him. "I thought she and Chris were just friends."
Marcy shrugged, her eyes darkened as her nose scrunched. "That's what they say, but I doubt it. There is something strange about that relationship, neither one of them really date anyone else." Her bitter tone confirmed it had been Chris she liked.
"Come on Marcy, you know they're just friends," Kara interjected as she leaned forward and rested her chin on her hands.
"He sleeps in her room Kara," Marcy retorted. "You can't tell me nothing has ever happened between them!"
Kara shook her head as she rolled her eyes. She turned toward Devon, her pretty face softening from irritation to kindness. "They've been friends since they were little. Cassie's parents, and Chris's dad, were killed in the same car accident when they were only a year old." Devon kept his surprise over this revelation hidden as Kara turned toward Marcy. "So yes, I believe nothing has happened between them."
Marcy rolled her eyes but tried to keep her irritation hidden from Devon. She failed miserably. "Cassie's parents are dead?"
Kara nodded as sadness crept over her delicate features. "Yes, and so are Melissa's."
Devon started in surprise. It was a strange coincidence, but it also explained the strong bond they appeared to share. Though they were all popular, and always surrounded by people, they still remained aloof and mostly separated from everyone but each other. When they were together they were like one unit. A unit that was able to communicate without saying a word.
He'd been amazed, impressed, and a little confused by the closeness of their bond. The fact they’d all experienced the loss of a parent definitely explained the bond they shared. Unwillingly his gaze went to the windows, but he couldn't see Cassie amongst the crush of students who had finished eating and moved outside. A whiffle ball and bat had been brought out and a pickup game was starting.
"That's awful," he muttered.
Though he couldn't understand, or relate to her sorrow, he was beginning to get a better understanding of her life and what made her tick. She was so proud and strong but at the same time, lonely and hurt. He found himself more determined than before to get close enough to ease her unsettled mind.
He rose suddenly, ignoring the startled looks Marcy and Kara shot him. "Excuse me," he mumbled before swiftly moving through the crowd toward the glass double doors.
The excited sound of laughter and chatter suffused him as he stepped outside. He scanned the crowd, but didn't spot Cassie amongst the mass. He did spot Melissa though. Winding his way through the students, he steadily made his way toward her. Melissa turned toward him, a dark eyebrow lifted as her mouth quirked in a small smile.
"Hey stranger," she greeted warmly. He hesitated, briefly puzzled by the startling amount of knowledge within the dark eyes studying him. He was certain she knew exactly why he was here, and she was happy about it. "How is everything going?"
"Fine." His gaze darted over the crowd as he searched for Cassie, but he didn't see her, nor could he smell her delicious scent.
"You seem to be making a lot of friends."
"I suppose."
Her smile widened, her smooth dark olive complexion shone in the sun. She knew why he was here, and she was enjoying the torment she was handing to him. He didn't know if that pissed him off, or if he wanted to join in with her obvious amusement.
"Not interested in friends?"
Only one, he almost told her, but he bit back the words. "Of course." Though Melissa was enjoying this conversation, he was tired of being toyed with. "Where is your friend Cassie?"
Melissa quirked her head to the side, her exotic eyes slanted as her hair fell forward. "Having most of the female population chasing you around isn't enough for you?"
He knew she was trying to be playful, but his patience was at a snapping point. Melissa sensed this as her smile slipped away and a strange sadness crept over her. That dark look passed over her eyes again as they seemed to pierce straight into his soul.
"No," he said simply.
She snorted in surprise as her eyes sparked with amusement once more. "Good," she said flatly. "Cassie went home."
He frowned in surprise as he shoved his hands into his pockets. "Why?"
"Not feeling well."
"She ok?" he demanded, surprised by the wealth of worry and concern filling him.
"She's fine, just hasn't been sleeping well."
Devon frowned as he recalled the strange dreams plaguing him that Cassie was always a part of, and that haunted him throughout the day. Dreams he didn't want to have, but looked forward to every night just the same.
He hated what Cassie was doing to him. He should leave this town, but he couldn't leave without knowing her, not yet anyway.
***
"Cassie come on! Pay attention!"
Cassie tossed aside the stake she'd been holding and stormed over to the bench. Grabbing a water bottle she squirted it into her parched mouth. She was exhausted, she could barely function and had been completely blowing off her training for the past week. She was doing awful, and Luther wasn't about to let her forget it.
"You are so very lucky that things have been quiet this past week!" he barked at her. "You wouldn't survive five seconds in the field!" Cassie was struggling to control her temper, he was right after all, but she was just as frustrated as he was with her inability to do anything right. "What is wrong with you?"
Cassie shuddered as she thought of the many things wrong with her lately, and they were all centered on one very disturbing, frightening man. "I'm tired." Although it was the truth, it was also a very poor excuse.
"Tired! Tired?" he demanded harshly.
Cassie hung her head and peeked up at him from under lowered lashes. She deserved whatever she got, but it was still killing her to keep from defending herself. Luther pulled off his Lennon style glasses and cleaned them briskly on his shirt. He was relatively calmer when he slipped them back on.
"All right." He tugged on his graying brown hair as he paced briefly away before turning sharply on his heel and coming back. "Maybe I am being too tough on you. Maybe you should have a break, you all should. We'll take the rest of tonight off."
Taking time off wouldn't help her. She knew that. Just as she knew that none of them could afford to lose time practicing their fighting skills. "Luther…"
"No, no." His muddled English/Egyptian accent became slightly heavier the more discombobulated he became. "A night off will do us all some good, you'll come back refreshed and recharged. You are the best fighter we have; if you don't get your act together we're all at risk."
Cassie bit on her bottom lip as she struggled to keep hold of the resentment and shame threatening to consume her. She had to get her act together, and she had to do it soon. She was overtired right now, that was her whole problem. She just needed some sleep.
Fighting to keep hold of her uncontrollably swaying emotions, she glanced around the converted garage. It was packed full of weapons, punching bags, and exercise equipment. Luther had added onto the two car garage a couple years ago, making it twice as big as its original size. She'd spent a lot of time in this room, poured a lot of sweat, and shed more than a few tears and blood.
She hated everything this room represented and the change it had brought to her life. Turning away from the metal swords and crossbows strapped to the wall, she focused her attention on Luther, Melissa, and Chris. "It's time to go home," she said.
"Yes, yes," Luther agreed. "Rest for the next night, and then we'll hit it hard again tomorrow."
Cassie nodded, though the last thing she wanted was to come back here. However, she didn't have an option. She would come back over and over again until they left town, or she died. Both options sucked.
"Will you be ok after tonight?" She nodded in response to Luther's question. His aggravation had been replaced with a deep concern that rattled her. He was the closest thing to a father she had, and right now he looked completely worried about her. She didn't like it one bit. "Are you sure?"
"Cassie." She turned toward Melissa, hating the knowledge in her onyx eyes. Though Cassie hadn't mentioned her dreams to anyone, or her bizarre attraction to Devon, Melissa saw far more than most people. She always did. "Maybe a sleeping pill would help you."
Cassie hid her surprise, and nodded briskly as she turned toward Chris. He offered her a wan smile as he held his arm out to her. Though she loved them both dearly, there were times when she wished they didn't know her so well, or possess such probing gifts. Hiding her irritation, she slipped her arm into Chris's and squeezed it briefly as she leaned against his side.
She'd always hated taking any medicine, but maybe she should take a pill tonight, she was so damn tired she could barely see straight anymore. And if she didn't get some sleep soon, she was scared she would break completely.


CHAPTER 7
"Is this a dream?"
Cassie's golden hair tumbled in a riotous mass about her bared, creamy shoulders as she stood across from him in the clearing. The white dress she wore billowed gently about her bare feet. She was astonishing, breathtaking, and he knew if his heart could still beat it would have stopped at the sight of her. The breeze pushed strands of hair around her delicate features. She reached up and pulled it back as it drifted across one of her eyes.
Her eyes drifted away, a small smile played over her mouth as she stared at the pristine lake in the middle of the field. Her toes curled into the thick grass beneath her bare feet as her smile became wistful. "Beautiful," she breathed.
He completely agreed, but his gaze didn't stray from her. She turned back to him, her head tilted to the side as she studied him questioningly. "You're everywhere," she whispered.
"Am I?" He started as his hands fisted at his sides. His entire body ached to touch her, to hold her, to pull her close to him. His own bare feet curled into the springy grass he stood upon. The blades tickled a little, but he ignored them as he took a step toward her.
"Yes." Though she looked like she was going to bolt, she didn't move. "You're in my school and my thoughts, and you haunt my dreams. But this one is so very real." The words were a bare whisper as she turned back to the lake. "So real. It must be the pill I took."
He stopped moving for a moment. "Pill?" he inquired.
She turned back to him, her eyes somber and distant. "Yes. I had to sleep before I dropped." The fierce shake of her head caused her hair to cascade around her. "But you make it so very difficult for me to function at all, never mind sleep. I hate taking medication though, and apparently these pills cause some intense dreams. I can feel the grass, actually feel it beneath my feet. It’s so odd!"
"Yes," he agreed, because he could find no other words for her. He made it difficult for her to function! If she only knew what she did to him on a daily, hourly, second by second basis. Yet he couldn't stop the elation filling him, this may only be a dream, but there was also something different about it, something very real and solid. Something that made him believe she actually stood there with him and had expressed her true emotions.
"Cassie," he breathed. He suddenly had to touch her with a desperation that bordered on insanity.
Though he half expected her to flee, she didn't move as he stepped closer to her. Instead, resignation seemed to settle over her as desire blazed to life. "I don't want to fight my dreams anymore," she murmured.
A tear trickled down her cheek as he stopped before her. He could almost feel the beat of his pulse pounding through his veins as he wiped the single, shimmering tear from her face. Her eyes were filled with awe as she watched him. Her cheek was silken beneath his thumb as he caressed her.
This was the strangest dream he'd ever had, but he didn't give a damn. It was also the best one he'd ever had. "Cassie," he whispered again as he leaned closer to her. All he wanted to know was what her mouth would feel like, what her luscious lips would be like against his and how she would taste.
"Devon." Her hand, delicate and small, came up to his. Her fingers wrapped around his, her breath caught in her throat as her eyelids drifted down to shadow her eyes. "I've wanted this for so long," she breathed. "I think I wanted this before I even met you. I think I knew you were out there somehow. It makes no sense." She shook her head in confusion. "I'm so glad this is only a dream. I sound like an idiot."
"Never," he whispered fervently, relishing in every one of her baffled thoughts. He was extremely glad to hear she felt as confused and desperate as he did. "I understand exactly what you mean." Though the feelings made no sense, and he didn't understand how they could be so strong when he barely knew her, they were real.
Her eyes sparkled with amusement; the amethyst flecks in them sparkled in the midmorning sun. She was the most achingly innocent, beautiful woman he had ever met, and she was far too good for him. He should stay away from her; he should flee while he still could. It would be far safer for her if he walked out of her life, he would only bring her heartache and unhappiness.
However, he couldn't bring himself to move. This was only a dream, but he suspected that whatever happened within this world would change their waking world also. He longed for their waking world to change. He craved to be able to touch her, and feel her, and speak with her for real. His hand trembled on her cheek for a moment.
"Tell me no," he whispered.
"I don't want to."
His deadened heart seemed to kick start again at her words. He smoothly pulled her toward him and tilted her head up. Her eyes drifted closed, her lips parted on a sigh. Her sweet breath washed over him as he brought his mouth to hers.
Electricity surged through him, for the first time in so many centuries he felt alive again, and so completely whole. She eased the aching loneliness inside of him, made him forget his entire, awful existence. She was everything good and right in the world, everything he’d been searching for, and she was completely his.
His other hand wrapped around her waist and pulled her firmly against him. He could feel the riotous beat of her heart as her chest pressed against his. Her pulse pounded through her veins, but thirst for her blood didn't seize hold of him. With her, he had complete control of himself and the bloodlust didn't take over. Maybe, because this was a dream he could keep control of himself, but he believed even awake he would be able to do anything for her. Including control the monster lurking just beneath the surface of his existence.
A gasp of pleasure escaped her as her hands encircled his shoulders, and her fingers dug into him. A groan escaped him as her mouth parted beneath his demanding quest. His hands drifted over her bare shoulders; the feel of her silken skin left him shaken as he moved closer to the collar of the dress she wore. He caught hold of her as her knees went limp and she slumped against him.
His composure rapidly unraveling, he seized hold of her dress with the intent of ripping it free of her. This was his dream after all, and he could do whatever he desired in it, and he desired her.
The scent of her tears stopped his rushing, heedless movements. He pulled back from her, horrified he’d frightened her in his urgency. It was only a dream but he couldn't bring himself to upset her in anyway. He didn't know the extent of her experience with men, but he sensed there hadn't been much. There was no way she’d ever been pawed and molested by a nearly crazed vampire before.
It made no sense though, if this was his dream she shouldn't be crying, she should be throwing herself at him with reckless abandon. If this was his dream, he shouldn't be feeling like he was actually experiencing her emotions. Something niggled at the back of his mind, but he wasn't in the mood to deal with his doubts and questions right now.
"Cassie what's wrong? Did I hurt you? Please," he whispered. "Please tell me I didn't hurt you."
She shook her head forcefully. He smoothly pushed back the strands of hair falling across her damp cheeks. Cupping her chin, he lifted her face to his. Tears slid down her cheeks, her eyes were bright and alive with sparkling moisture. He'd been frightened he'd hurt her but happiness and joy radiated from her.
"Cassie?"
"I'm fine," she breathed as she cupped his hand in hers and leaned into his touch. "I'm just so happy here. This is the most fantastic thing I've ever experienced. I can say that here because it isn't real." Her eyes flitted away from his. "But out there…"
She shook her head, closing her eyes as she nestled closer. "Out there what?" he prodded, knowing she was speaking about the world that existed outside of this dream.
"Out there everything is difficult. Out there, this cannot be."
Confusion filled him as he studied her. She kept her gaze focused on the lake as more tears filled her eyes. He sensed these were tears of grief and loss, not of joy. He didn't understand what she was talking about, but it was apparent she was greatly upset about something.
"Cassie, look at me." She slowly turned her eyes to his, her forehead furrowed. "Why is it difficult? Why can't this be?"
Though she smiled wanly, the depth of her sorrow was nearly palpable. "Even if I could tell you, you wouldn't believe me anyway."
"I would believe anything you told me."
Her eyes warmed and melted. "I've never felt like this with anyone before, never knew it could be possible to feel like this. It may be a dream but I feel like you would be like this in the real world, that you would make me feel this good."
"I would," he promised, surprised by the strange turn of events this dream was taking. It was his dream after all, she should still be happy and in his arms. She should not look lost and wounded or talking in riddles he couldn't unravel. She should tell him what was bothering her, not keep it hidden from him.
What kind of crazy dream was this?
Though she kept her face pressed into the palm of his hand she turned her attention back to the lake. "I used to love coming here," she whispered.
Devon started in surprise as he turned toward the pristine lake. The field surrounding it was covered with blue, yellow, and white wild flowers that flowed toward the edge of a thick forest. The blades of grass and wild flowers swayed beneath the flowing breeze trickling over them. A dock stretched toward the middle of the lake and a single tree was off to the side with a rope swing tied to a branch over the water. He could almost hear children laughing as they swung out over the water and released the rope.
Though it could have been one of a hundred lakes in the world, it wasn’t one he'd seen before. "You know this place?" he inquired.
She turned back to him, the unhappiness momentarily slipping from her as she grinned. "Very well, it's Lake Waldorph. Chris and I used to spend three weeks here every summer at the camp just beyond those woods. They were fun, carefree summers."
Devon focused on the lake again; horror filled him as he turned from its smooth surface back to her. This was not only his dream, he realized with a start, but also hers. He was the one who had brought her into the dream, but her mind had created the setting. It was why she wasn't telling him the things he wanted to hear from her, and why her distress and reluctance were real. It was why things weren't going the way he wanted them to.
His body began to go numb with shock and disbelief. He knew how their minds had connected, knew he had been the one to do it, but he'd never planned to let such a thing happen. While asleep, his subconscious must have sought out hers. It had taken hold of her mind, and drawn it in.
Devon bit back a curse, unwilling to frighten or upset her more. There was no reason for her to know what had happened, how this had occurred, or the reason it felt so real was because both their minds were creating it. It was better for her to continue to consider this just a strange, oddly real, dream. She could never know what he was, what he was capable of, what he could do to her. She would run screaming if she knew the truth, and he wouldn't blame her in the least.
The only problem was that no matter what she said, or what she wanted, he was afraid this dream might mean she wouldn't have an option, and neither did he. They barely knew each other, but his ability had somehow taken them both over, and brought them both here. He'd never had such a thing happen before, had never lost control in such a way. Even when he’d been a novice, floundering and uncertain of his powers, he'd never lost control of them.
He had a bad feeling he finally knew what all of this meant. He just wasn't willing to recognize the truth of it. He still didn't have a place to stay in town, and hadn't intended to stay. Now he was fearful he may not have a choice about staying, or going.
Wrapping his fingers through hers, he shut his thoughts off. He didn't intend to deal with them right now. He knew it would only result in a tangled mess of confusion that he wasn't in the mood to sort through. For now, all he wanted was to hold her, talk to her, and make both of their dreams come true.
"Would you like to sit by the lake?"
Her face lit with pleasure, her eyes sparked merrily. Right then, he knew he would do everything he could to make her smile like that as often as possible. "I would love to."
He leisurely led her down to the water and stopped at the edge of the lake. The water lapped gently against his feet. "Just as warm as I remember," Cassie whispered.
"Why did you stop coming here?"
She shrugged as a tremor of tension raced through her. "There wasn't any time for camp once Luther and Melissa arrived."
His eyebrows knitted together as he thought over her strange words. "Who is Luther?"
"Melissa's father, adoptive father," she amended.
Devon shook his head in confusion. "I don't understand. What does he have to do with the reason why you no longer went to camp?"
She held her hair back as the breeze briefly picked up again. Grief briefly enveloped her and that lost look filled her eyes again. Then her gaze cleared, and she smiled cheerfully at him. She squeezed his hand before standing on tiptoe to kiss him briefly. Devon started in surprise, but he enjoyed her sudden, playful demeanor. He was certain it wasn't an attitude she had very often.
"This is a dreary topic for such an amazing dream, and one I don't want to think about right now. I think about it too often during the day."
Devon was once again confused as to what she was talking about. What did Melissa's adopted father have to do with anything major in her life, other than taking care of her friend, and maybe driving them to the movies or dances once in a while? Those things certainly weren’t something that would occupy her thoughts often during the day, at least not as often as she had just suggested.
Before he could question her further, she tilted her head to the side and gave him an impish grin. "I would much rather go swimming."
With that she released his hand and plunged into the water. Her beautiful laughter trailed off as she dove beneath the surface. Devon stood for an astonished moment before shrugging negligently. It had been a long time since he'd gone swimming, and he couldn't think of anyone he would rather do it with.
Cassie burst back to the surface and inhaled deeply. Her skin glimmered in the sun, her dress pressed against her and drops of water clung to her as she smiled beckoningly at him. Excitement spurted through him. She was tantalizing, irresistible, and completely delicious looking. He couldn't refuse her as he began to wade into the warm water.
He was only feet from her when her head tilted to the side and annoyance flitted over her delicate features. "What is that noise?" she mumbled.
"What noise?"
He could hear nothing except for the subtle lapping of the waves against their skin. "Alarm," she whispered.
Then she was gone. Dismay filled Devon as he frantically looked around for her. It took him a few seconds to realize she’d simply awakened. She hadn't disappeared for good, but he couldn't stifle the suffocating disappointment he felt.
Retreating from the lake, he returned to the shore; he ignored the feel of the grass now. It didn't matter as much without her here to enjoy it with him. He slid to the ground and draped his arms over his knees as he stared at the serene lake Cassie had placed here. He wanted to know more about her days at camp, her childhood and life experiences both happy and sad. He would like to know everything there was to know about her, and he was tired of being dodged all the time.
He didn't care about his own feelings of confusion and doubt, didn't care about their strange conversation, or that he’d lost control of his ability. There was only one thing he cared about now. It didn't matter if Cassie fought him every step of the way, he was going to get closer to her in real life. He was going to make their dream come true.


CHAPTER 8
Cassie was humming cheerfully under her breath as she breezed into the kitchen and grabbed an apple from a bowl on the center island. Her grandmother froze in the act of beating some scrambled eggs. Her delicate eyebrows drew together as her azure eyes tracked Cassie's every movement. Reaching over, her grandma turned down the country song drifting from the radio.
"You seem much happier today," her grandmother said.
Cassie stopped to drop a kiss on her grandmother's smooth cheek. Though she was in her late fifties, she barely looked a day over thirty. Only soft laugh lines marred the corners of her eyes and mouth. Her shoulder length, strawberry blond hair, was pulled into a loose ponytail that bounced against her neck.
"A little," Cassie agreed.
"Did you finally get some sleep?"
Cassie nodded, a sly smile flitted over her mouth as she recalled the night of sleep she'd had. Last night had only been a dream, and could only ever be a dream, but it had still left her feeling warm, alive and strangely loved this morning. Her gaze shot to the window where she could see Chris just walking out of his house.
"Yes," Cassie answered absently.
She’d woken up strangely revived and optimistic, the sight of Chris's slumped shoulders reminded her their life wasn't some oddly realistic dream. This was her life, and in her life, there was no room for hope and optimism. There was no room to have feelings for someone, because in the end she would have to give them up. She reminded herself of these things, but she couldn't stop the excitement filling her at the thought of seeing Devon today. She was playing with fire, and bound to get burned, but at this moment she couldn't put the matches down.
"Luther is working you all too hard," her grandmother muttered before returning to her eggs.
"We're fine, grandma."
She glanced sharply back up at Cassie. "You haven't been fine for the past week."
Cassie shrugged as she shoved the apple into her bag. She couldn't meet her grandmother's eyes; she knew how observant she was. "I was just a little stressed over school."
"Hmm," she grunted. "You're too young for such responsibilities."
Cassie heaved her backpack onto her shoulder. Chris was already parked on the street, waiting for her. He usually came inside in the morning, either to say hi to her grandma, or to steal some food. The fact he wasn't coming in led Cassie to believe he'd had a rough night.
"You were younger than me when you learned what you were," Cassie reminded her. "And you had the same responsibilities."
Her grandmother turned toward her. "I always knew what I was Cassie. It wasn't staggering to me, and at the time we never could have imagined such a thing as The Slaughter would occur. You shouldn't have had to know either."
"Grandma…"
She waved her hand impatiently. "I know Luther had to find you. It was part of your destiny after all. It just would have been nice to have been able to keep you sheltered from it."
Cassie hurried to her side and hugged her tenderly. "I know grandma, but there are things in life we can't predict or avoid."
Cassie thought over her words and was startled to realize they could apply to her situation with Devon. She couldn't have predicted his arrival, and she was beginning to feel it would be easier to stop a locomotive than to continue to fight her strong attraction to him. She trembled with anticipation at the same time her mouth went dry with dread. If she did this, there would be no turning back, and she found she almost welcomed the change.
"When did you get so smart dear?"
Cassie blinked as she was brought back to the present. "A wise person raised me."
Her grandmother's face lit up with her smile. "And don't you forget it. Now hurry up, get going, Chris had a rough night."
"Yeah, he did."
Cassie kissed her cheek again, squeezed her hand, and hurried out of the house. The day was bright and warm, the chill of fall hadn't settled in completely, but the leaves were beginning to change. Cassie glanced up at the clear sky and eagerly inhaled the fresh air as she tried to steady her tingling nerves and pounding heart. She was convinced there would be no turning back after today.
***
Cassie's shoulders throbbed from the ramrod position she was maintaining. It was impossible to relax though, not with him only mere feet away. She was pretty sure she would never relax again when he was near, not after that dream. Unwillingly, she pressed her fingers to her mouth. She could still recall the heat of his lips against hers, the unyielding stroke of his tongue, and the press of his solid arms encircling her. He'd made her feel so safe, protected, and whole. It had been the strangest most realistic dream ever, and she was desperate to know what the real life experience would be like.
She had to force herself not to look at him, not to cast surreptitious glances his way and relive every moment of pleasure he'd given to her last night. It was impossible. She clenched her hands. Her nails dug into her palms, her knuckles ached from the force of it. Her pen was clasped so tight she feared it would crack. Her pulse pounded in her ears, as her heart beat rapidly.
She hadn't heard a word Mr. Maddox had said since class started. Unwillingly, her gaze drifted over to Devon. He was sitting casually in his desk, his legs stretched before him as he stared straight ahead. Those hands that had touched her so reverently last night were splayed before him; the long fingers were flat upon the desk. His posture was relaxed, but she sensed a current of tension and power just beneath his smooth surface. The power running through him seemed completely out of place for a normal teenage boy in history class.
Seeming to sense her focus, he slowly turned toward her. She knew she should look away, she should be embarrassed to have been caught staring, but she couldn't. It took everything she had not to stretch across the space between them as her fingers twitched with the urge to touch him.
He didn't look away from her as he leaned forward and shifted with an easy grace. His emerald eyes burned with intensity and a passion that left her breathless. The ripple of his muscles made her mouth go dry as her body erupted with tingles of electricity. She felt like a volcano bubbling beneath the surface, ready to explode in a torrent of molten lava that would certainly destroy her. She was certain she’d enjoy being buried beneath the heat.
Somehow, she didn't know how, but her pen was no longer in her hand, her hand wasn't clenched, and it wasn't on her desk. Her hand was now in the middle of the aisle, reaching toward him.
She blinked, snapping out of the brief trance. Her face flamed red, heat burned down the back of her neck as the realization of what she had been doing crashed over her. He didn't look at all appalled by her strange behavior as he leaned closer.
She was tempted to reach toward him again, but she couldn't bring herself to make such a forward gesture once more. She couldn't believe she'd done it in the first place. It wasn't within her to make the first move, especially not with someone she didn't know, and who now probably thought she was crazy. The few boys she had dated had always approached her first.
The loud ringing of the bell caused her to jump in surprise, and she knocked her forgotten pen to the ground. Cassie groaned, disgusted with herself and the entire situation. She had to get her act together before she completely lost it. She couldn't continue to let some guy wreak havoc on her life in such a way.
She shoved her book into her bag and bent over to retrieve her lost pen. But it wasn't where it had fallen on the ground. Instead, it was held in a long fingered, strong hand that she recognized instantly. Her gaze traveled deliberately from the hand, to the man now kneeling before her. His clear eyes clashed with hers and caused her toes to curl. There would be no going back after this. 
A small smile curved the corner of his firm mouth as his eyes seemed to taunt her. Annoyance filled her in the face of his unspoken challenge, he was daring her to take the pen back. She had never backed down from someone before. Taking a deep breath, Cassie steeled herself. She was probably overreacting anyway, nothing was going to happen.
Though she knew she was lying to herself, she also knew she couldn't simply leave this room, and him, without her pen.
Her heart hammered as her fingers curled around the top of the pen, mere centimeters from where his fingers stopped. Though they were not touching, a current shot through her and left her breathless and shaken. Vivid images of the dream sizzled through her. He didn't move as the smile slipped from his face and his eyes burned with the consuming need she had seen in him before.
Then he moved.
His fingers slid up the pen to breach the small gap between them. Cassie inhaled loudly, something inside of her locked into place, it froze her muscles and kept her immobile. The world disappeared as everything in it became him, became them. They were joining, their molecules blending and twining together in a sensuous dance that was soothing and beautiful. Everything suddenly made sense; everything became right as his touch became the balm that soothed her soul.
The dream last night had been very realistic, but the true reality was far better than anything she could have imagined. She knew she’d found her home in him. This was where she belonged, where she would always belong. Her life would never be the same, but she wasn't frightened by the realization anymore, but rather, exhilarated by it. Everything would be ok now, he was a part of her.
His eyes darkened as a tremor shook his powerful frame, a tremor that melted her heart, and made her ache to touch his cheek. It didn't make her feel better that he seemed just as mystified as she was by all of this. No, it only made her yearn to get closer to him, to ease the torment she sensed deep inside him.
She didn't know where his torment came from, but she suspected it ran even deeper than her own. Somehow she knew she could help him with his pain, just as he helped with hers. She could feel the strength running through him, the control he exerted over himself.
His sudden release left her feeling lost once more, but the feelings of hurt and confusion weren't as consuming or as unbearable as before. He had healed something inside her; somehow his touch had put back some pieces of her broken soul.
He rose with a breathtaking grace. Staring down at her, he stretched out his hand with a hopeful expression on his face that tugged at her heart. She took note of the perfection of his fine boned, strong fingers. Heaving her bag onto her shoulder, she took a deep breath as she decided to throw her life over to fate. There was no stopping it after all. Sliding her hand into his, she clasped hold of it, surprised to note his slightly cooler skin.
Devon would keep her safe, keep her protected from the darkness of the world; she knew that with every fiber of her being. However, given that she wasn't entirely human, she was probably stronger and far more capable of protecting him. Though, with him, she felt entirely human and completely feminine. It was such a welcome change from all the confusion her life brought with it.
"Where to?" His deep voice sent a shiver of delight down her spine and caused goose bumps to break out on her suddenly oversensitive skin.
The last thing she wanted to do was go to another class, but she couldn't just walk out of school with him. Noise finally broke through her turbulent and uncertain thoughts. She was surprised to find the next class already filtering into the classroom. Students glanced questioningly at the two of them as they took their seats. It was past time for them to get to their next classes. "I have Anatomy and Physiology now."
"Lead the way."
Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to start moving. "What class do you have now?"
He frowned as he dug into the pocket of his jeans and pulled out his rumpled schedule. Though he'd been in school for nearly a week, he apparently hadn't learned it yet. "Study hall."
He almost looked confused as his forehead creased and he frowned at the paper. It appeared as if he didn't know what study hall was, but that was impossible, every student knew what study hall was. Didn't they? "It's probably in the library, but some are held in classrooms," she told him.
"Library."
"Would you like me to take you there?" she asked, certain his confused expression was because he didn't know where to go.
The cute smile curving his full mouth melted her heart. He appeared so much younger and more approachable when he smiled like that. She'd thought he was gorgeous before, but when he smiled, he was magnificent. It took all she had not to stroke his face, not to bury herself against him, hold him close and shut out the rest of the world.
"Trying to get rid of me already?" he teased.
Cassie couldn't stop herself from grinning back at him. "No," she answered honestly. "I just don't want you to get lost."
He shoved the schedule back in his pocket. "I've found you, how could I be lost?"
Cassie blinked in surprise. If anyone else had said that to her, she probably would have laughed in their face and blown them off as corny. Coming from him, it was the sweetest thing she'd ever heard, and though it sounded like a pickup line, his tone rang with sincerity. She realized if she had been the one to say it to him, she would have meant it too. His presence alone had helped to fill the holes inside her, and his physical touch was like aloe on sunburn. She had never believed in love at first sight, never believed in soul mates, but maybe, somehow, her body and her spirit had known he was out there and had been waiting for him.
He was staring down at her, his emerald eyes stormy and intense. He was waiting for her to say something, waiting for her reaction. Cassie couldn't find the right words though; she could only manage a reassuring smile.
The tension eased from him. His eyes crinkled with the smile lighting his striking features. Cassie couldn't stop herself from grinning back at him. "I'll be fine; the library was one of the first things Melissa showed me the other day." He easily replied, as if what he had just said to her hadn't left her as shaken as a baby's rattle.
Swallowing heavily, Cassie tried to calm the turmoil racing through her. If it had been just a pick up line, she didn't want him to know he'd just caught her hook, line, and sinker. "Of course it was."
They arrived at her class much faster than she would have liked. "I'll see you soon." He seemed to try and memorize every detail of her as he scanned her face.
Cassie didn't fully trust herself to speak. Part of her felt like crying, which was completely crazy, she would see him again soon. She hoped. He took a step closer, and for a second she was certain he would kiss her. She held her breath in anticipation, her entire body clamored for the feel of his lips against hers.
Instead, he squeezed her hand briefly and released it quickly. Cassie felt the loss of his touch as acutely as a knife to her heart. She couldn't move as he slipped away and disappeared into the crowd.


CHAPTER 9
Devon folded his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall as he waited impatiently for the bell to ring. He'd tried to sit through the whole study hall thing, but he didn't understand what he was supposed to be doing, or why he had the class. Then again, he didn't understand any of this high school stuff. They were like rats in a maze, going through the same thing day after day.
He supposed education was a good thing; he simply had no use for it. Maybe if he was a human in this day and age he might find it useful, but he wasn't. When he'd been human, he'd had schooling because he'd been a member of the aristocracy, and it was expected of him. Even before he died, he'd seen no reason to continue with his education as he'd discovered better ways to spend his time with gambling and women. What he didn't have he simply took with no regard for the person he took it from. Death hadn't lessened that trait but only made it far worse. It wasn’t something he was proud of, it was just something he had to live with, and try to atone for every day of his lonely existence.
Just as he'd already suspected, his dreams had been nothing compared to the reality of her. Her skin was softer and warmer; her hand more delicate and supple. Though he knew where his intense urge to possess her might be coming from, he was still unwilling to explore that possibility, yet. Her safety was number one as far as he was concerned, and she could never be truly safe with him in her life. It was essential he be able to walk away, but if what he suspected was true, there was a good possibility he may not be able to.
He'd meant what he'd said to her earlier, he was not lost when she was near. When he was around her, he didn't feel adrift in a world where he wasn't welcome among humans or vampires. If staying here, and torturing himself in high school was the only way to be close to her, then he was going to suffer through the classes like everyone else.
He shifted as the discomfort in his veins increased. He should have fed before he came here today, but he hadn't realized how arduous it would be to keep control around her outside of their dream. The burning in his veins had kicked into hyper drive the minute his skin brushed against hers. The sweet scent of her blood had slammed into him, causing his mouth to water and his body to burn with hunger. It had taken every bit of self restraint he had not to pull her against him, sink his teeth into her delicate white throat, and drain the delicious blood flowing through her veins.
He hadn't touched a drop of human blood in a hundred and thirty-seven years, and until then he'd never felt the craving so acutely. He'd never had his control nearly shattered, never nearly cracked and drained a person simply from touching them. However, as much as she rattled his firm restraint, she also had an odd calming effect on him. His baser instincts were held at bay when her delicate fingers curled around his. Touching her had locked the demon inside him back in its cage; it had calmed his raging urge to drain the blood from her more than it had enticed it. Whatever spell she had cast over him had him completely ensnared.
The annoying bell rang suddenly, its sound was exceptionally piercing to his sensitive ears, but it was a welcome distraction from his disconcerting thoughts. Stepping away from the wall, his arms fell back to his sides as he eagerly waited for her to emerge from the class. Doors were flung open around him, chatter spilled into the halls as students emerged. He was barely aware of the humans as they filtered around him, the boys instinctively left a larger gap than they would with anyone else. The girls drifted closer, "accidentally" bumping into him, and giggling flirtatiously.
He ignored them as his attention fixed on the people filing out of Cassie's class. He could smell her and feel the beat of her delicate heart. She appeared in the doorway, her mouth parted, and her step faltered as she spotted him. The small redhead who had been speaking to her broke off abruptly and her brown eyes widened in surprise.
He didn't think about what he was doing when he instinctively held out his hand; relief filled him as her fine boned fingers slid into his. The beast inside of him stilled instantly. The burning in his veins lessened as her presence calmed his edgy instincts. He couldn't separate from her again. If he did, he wouldn't make it through the rest of this day.
"Um yeah, I'll talk to you later Cass."
Cassie glanced at the redhead and gave her a brief nod before turning her full attention back to him. "You got here quick."
He shrugged. "I don't really see the point of study hall."
The sound of her laugh was beautiful and sweet, like the gentle ring of wind chimes. He would do everything in his power to make her laugh as often as possible. Her eyes twinkled merrily as her laughter broke off, but she continued to smile at him as they made their way down the hall.
"Most people look forward to study hall; it's their favorite time of day, other than lunch of course," she informed him.
"I don't see why, there's nothing to do."
"That's exactly why."
Devon shook his head as he realized he’d never understand teenage humans. There was no pleasure in doing nothing, it drove him crazy. "I see," he said, even though he didn't.
Her smile slid away as she looked at him questioningly. "Didn't they have study hall at your old school?"
"Of course," he lied smoothly, sensing that to do anything else would seem odd. "I didn't see the point of it then either."
She smiled again, and shook back a strand of golden hair that slid into one of her eyes. Without thinking, he brushed the hair aside. She froze, her breath caught in her chest, as his fingers lingered on her skin. He found he couldn't take his hand away as he caressed the delicate contours of her face. He recalled touching her like this last night but it was nothing, nothing compared to this. She didn't move, didn't breathe as she watched him in fascinated awe. In her gaze he could see her own recollection of the dream. Her heartbeat kicked up, her pulse pounded loudly through her veins.
"Cassie!"
His hand fell away as Chris's prickly voice broke the odd spell holding them both hostage. He took a step closer to her, a wave of possessiveness tore through him as Chris appeared at her side. Chris's blue eyes narrowed as he met Devon's gaze and his shoulders stiffened. "Hi Chris," she greeted.
"Did you do the homework?"
Cassie rolled her eyes. "Yes, but there's not enough time for you to copy it."
"I was just checking to make sure you had done it."
Cassie's forehead furrowed in confusion as she frowned at Chris. Devon was nowhere near as confused as Chris shot him a dark look. Though Melissa felt they were more like siblings, Devon was beginning to believe Chris's feelings weren’t so platonic, and Chris didn't like the competition Devon threw into the mix.
Devon didn't particularly care what Chris thought. Cassie was going to be his no matter what. His shoulder brushed against hers as he took another step closer. "Are you going to English now?" he asked harshly.
"Of course, I'll see you there." Though it had been a clear dismissal, Chris hung around for a few seconds more. He glanced briefly at Cassie before turning on his heel and disappearing into the thick throng of students. She turned back to Devon, confusion still evident in her features. "Ready for class?"
He fought back a groan, he wasn't ready at all. He wanted to stay here, with her, but he was in her world now, and unfortunately he had to obey the rules that came with it. Even if the rules sucked. The only good thing was they had the same class now.
He followed her down the hall, taking note of the people surrounding him for the first time, or at least taking note of the boys. Many of them didn't acknowledge his presence as they watched her go by. His temper bristled at the obvious lust behind their stares. They didn't care about his presence, every one of them would easily ignore him if they thought they had a chance to talk to her. He would remedy that very shortly. 
Following her into a classroom, he reluctantly released her hand when he slid into the desk next to her. He'd been assigned a seat a few desks away from her, but he wasn't going to sit there today. Though he couldn't touch her, he wasn't moving any further away from her than this.
Chris and Melissa entered the room with their heads bent close together as they talked quietly. Chris grew quiet as his eyes darted toward him and Cassie. Melissa quirked a dark eyebrow, a smile flitted across her mouth. She gave Devon a brief nod before sliding into the seat in front of Cassie. Chris sat next to Melissa. The boy who had been assigned Devon's seat hesitated for a moment, and looked as if he was going to argue with the new arrangement. Instead, he wisely closed his mouth and resigned himself to Devon's abandoned seat.
Cassie ducked her head and chuckled faintly. Unable to resist her anymore, he leaned across the aisle and took her hand. Her breath hitched, she watched him in wide eyed wonder. She clung to him with a desperation he recognized instantly, as it resided inside of him also.
The teacher breezed into the classroom, dropped her books on her desk, and turned toward the chalkboard. Though she hadn't noticed them yet, it was only a matter of time before she did. He reluctantly released Cassie's hand.
Though they were separated, he kept his hearing attuned to every beat of Cassie's heart. He was well aware of the delicious scent wafting from her skin and hair. His mouth started to water as the burning in his veins intensified. For a moment it took all he had not to grab hold of her and taste her. The temptation was almost more than he could handle. Clenching his teeth, and fists, he forced himself to stay calm.
He was beside her again the moment the bell rang. Her touch relieved the aching tension coiled within him as her smile warmed him. "Would you like to show me all of the town hotspots tonight?" he teased, unable to stop himself from grinning at her like a fool as they made their way outside.
Her laugh was enchanting. "You've already seen the number one spot, B's and S's."
"Yes, and it was amazing."
"Their shakes definitely are. I'd be happy to show you around town though."
"Sounds great."
Her long lashes lowered shyly over her eyes, a dull flush stained her cheeks. "Great, I'll uh… oh crap." The smile slid from her face as her forehead creased. "I forgot, I can't tonight. There's something I have to do."
He tried to contain his disappointment as she stopped walking and turned to face him. Students milled past them, eager to get to their cars and escape the crowded parking lot. "Tomorrow night then?"
Her smile returned, but her eyes remained oddly troubled and distant. "I would like that."
Though she said yes, he sensed something behind the words, disappointment maybe? Anguish?
"Cassie come on, let's go!"
She glanced over her shoulder to where Chris was leaning out of his car with his arm resting on the driver's door. Melissa was by the passenger door, her dark eyes narrowed as she studied them. "I have to go."
"I'll see you tomorrow then," he said though he knew he would see her before then.
He didn't understand what was going on with her, but she seemed to be releasing him for good. He was not going to let her go. Not now, not after he'd finally broken through some of her barriers.
"Yes, you will."
She gave him a wan smile before turning and hurrying away. Briefly glancing back she hesitated for a moment, seemingly torn, before joining her friends and slipping into the beat up Mustang. Melissa and Chris watched him for a moment more, their eyes intense and a little unnerving. There was something strange about those two, something he couldn't quite put his finger on.
He wracked his brain for what it was about Chris and Melissa that plagued him as they pulled out of the parking lot. Deciding to put it aside for now, he headed to where he had parked his car. A group of students had gathered around it, most of them were female. He nodded and briefly returned their greetings, but barely paid them any attention as he hit the unlock button on his remote. The car beeped in response and the locks popped open.
"Devon! Devon!"
He turned as Marcy hurried up to him, smiling cheerfully as she adjusted her books in her arms. "Marcy," he greeted tonelessly.
She chose to ignore his cool greeting as she touched his arm lightly. He moved away from her grasp. "I was hoping you would give me a ride home."
He frowned at her, his eyes shot back toward the Mustang stuck in traffic at the entranceway of the school. He knew Marcy was angling to be seen pulling out of this parking lot with him. Though he was new to high school, he had quickly learned how fast rumors spread through the small social network. He wasn't going to have those rumors circulating about him. Not now that Cassie was finally acknowledging his existence.
"What's the matter with your car?"
She frowned at him as her eyes darkened. It was apparent she hadn't expected any kind of hesitance on his part. "I usually ride with Kara, but her car isn't starting."
Devon moved further away from her. He knew his affect on women, but there were some who were drawn to him more than others. Marcy appeared to be one of those girls. It wouldn't end well if he let her pursuit of him continue.
"I'm sorry Marcy, but there's something I must do. I'm sure one of your other friends could give you a ride." It wasn't a lie; he still had to find a place to stay. He was tired of hotel rooms and floating about. He hadn't had any intention of remaining when he first arrived in this town, now he had no intention of leaving.
Marcy turned briefly, and glanced at the Mustang now at the front of the line. "I saw you speaking with Cassie."
Devon's hand slid away from the door handle. Even if he'd been human, he never could have missed the hostility in her tone, or her gaze. "So?"
She chose to ignore the warning in his tone as her gaze slid back to him. "It would probably be best if you stayed away from her."
"And why is that?" he grated through clenched teeth.
Marcy shrugged as she plastered a falsely sweet smile on her face. "You could do better."
"Like you?"
"Well, you never know." She lowered her eyelashes flirtatiously. "If you play your cards right."
Devon stepped closer to her and bent down to make sure his words weren't overheard by the group surrounding them. "That is never going to happen Marcy. I'm sorry, but I have no interest in you."
She gazed up at him, her eyes wide with surprise before they sparked with fury. He decided that was his cue to leave, before she lost her composure completely. Swinging his car door open, he swiftly slipped inside and cranked the engine to leave.


CHAPTER 10
Cassie's feet dragged across the sidewalk as she walked beside Chris. It used to be after a night of training she’d feel invigorated and pumped. Tonight, she felt bone weary and beaten. Though the night off had been helpful, she was still unable to concentrate on any moves, couldn’t throw a stake, or defend the blows Chris and Melissa swung at her. She'd been the best of the three of them in training and fighting, but now she looked like a floundering newbie. She was just grateful it hadn't been a real fight, or she would be dead right now.
Luther was still frustrated with her lack of concentration and ability, but his irritation was nothing compared to hers. Her entire body ached, but not from the beating she had taken tonight. She ached for Devon. It was a physical pain that had gone deeper than her skin; it had imbedded itself into the marrow of her bones and taken hold of her soul.
She was certain she would never be free of him again.
Confusion and fear tore through her at the thought. Since the day she met Luther and her life changed forever, she'd tried to focus on four simple things: family, school, training, and hunting. It was her focus on those things that kept her sane and didn't give her time to dwell on things that would never be. She had no dreams of college, and she had stopped daydreaming years ago of anything remotely resembling marriage or a family.
Now she couldn't stop thinking about the future she would never have. Before Devon, she'd never given much thought to tomorrow. She simply lived day to day, moment to moment; she never knew when any given moment might be her last. He'd made her forget all of that, and it had shaken her entire world. Hope could be dangerous, it only led to disappointment and hurt. She was so tired of being hurt; it was much easier to build walls and mentally hide herself from the rest of the world.
Somehow he’d managed to tear those walls down, and she knew she couldn't keep him out. She couldn't allow herself to look too far into the future, not past tomorrow at least. It would be too painful when she lost him, and she would lose him, just as she had lost so many things that mattered to her.
There were already plans for them to leave after graduation. Though Cape Cod received its fair share of vampires, thanks to the tourist season, there were other places with a much higher concentration. On average they only killed ten vampires a year, mostly in the summer months. Though last year it had been fifteen, and this year they were on track to beat that record.
Luther believed that after graduation they would be trained well enough to go where they were needed more, to offer their help and protection somewhere else. Cassie didn't think much about it, she would like to graduate, but she didn't plan for it. Neither did she panic at the thought of leaving the only town she'd spent most of her time in and had come to think of as home. She would worry about it when the day came, not a minute sooner.
Shuddering deeper into her windbreaker, she wrapped her arms around herself. Though it wasn't a cold night, there was a chill deep in her bones. The clicking of the tree branches and the low rustle of the leaves did nothing to help relieve her melancholy mood. "Are you ok?" Chris asked.
Cassie glanced up at him, surprised by the apprehension she saw in his eyes. "I'm fine, why?"
He shook his hair back. "You've been out of it for awhile Cass, ungraceful, ill coordinated…"
"Thanks for the vote of confidence," she muttered.
"I'm just saying." He shrugged his shoulders and shoved his hands into his pockets. "You've been off, which is very unusual."
"I've got a lot on my mind."
"Hmm." They briefly stepped into the spill of streetlights as they crossed the street. The rustle of a coyote in the woods caught Cassie's attention. It slunk through the shadows, staying low to the ground as it hunted a small rabbit. Cassie shuddered, an ominous feeling descended upon her. She knew how the rabbit felt because she also felt trapped with no way out. "Is this because of Devon?"
Cassie jerked herself out of her own thoughts as she turned her head and met Chris's shrewd gaze. She should have known he would notice her strange reaction to Devon. Even if he wasn't using his ability, he didn't miss much. Guilt tugged at her, she'd never kept anything from Chris before, but she didn't want to talk about this now. These feelings were new to her, private and fragile, and confusing.
Shrugging absently, Cassie brushed back a straggling piece of hair. "I do have other things on my mind, besides a boy."
"Usually yes, lately no. You really like him?"
Cassie was silent, her eyes focused on her sneakers as they moved along. She wasn't sure how to answer that question just yet. Yes, she really liked Devon, but it was more than just like. She had never felt this drawn to someone before. It was something almost instinctive. She couldn't say it was love because she hardly knew him, but he touched something deep within her that she’d never known existed until he came along.
"Yes," she finally admitted. "I suppose you could say I like him."
Chris was thoughtful for a few moments before he heaved a sigh. "I can sense that he likes you too."
Cassie perked up. "Really?"
He nudged her shoulder with his. "Of course, who wouldn't?" he teased.
"Chris," she groaned.
His kidding demeanor vanished. "He definitely feels something for you."
"Do you sense something wrong with him?" she asked tremulously.
He glanced at her in surprise. "Are you actually asking about what I sense from someone, again?"
A dull blush stained her cheeks as she glanced away quickly. She wouldn't want other people knowing about her life if they had access to two such gifted people, she felt they deserved the same right. If Chris sensed any menace in a person he would share it with them.
Her shoulders drooped as she shook her head. She couldn't invade Devon's privacy in such a way. Chris casually draped an arm around her shoulders. "I didn't sense anything bad in him, just something different."
Cassie's curiosity was peaked as she glanced up at him. "Different how?"
"I don't know." He frowned as he thought carefully before answering. "There's a strange sort of darkness inside him."
Cassie's hands clenched on her arms, she pondered Chris's odd choice of words. "What kind of darkness?"
"I don't know, not an evil one, maybe its loneliness or grief. There's no ill will in him toward you."
Cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip. "But toward others?"
"No, I don't think so. Why don't you ask Melissa if she has seen anything?" Cassie shook her head. Inquiring into what Melissa may know was a perilous path to tread. "You never ask her about anything she sees. Why is that?" She shrugged, unwilling to get into it with him. "Is it because you don't believe you have a future?"
Cassie shot him a sharp glance. "Did you read me?" she demanded.
Chris recoiled as he shook his head. "Of course not Cass, I wouldn't do that to you. Besides, you know it doesn't work like that. I can't tell what people are thinking, just what they feel, and who they are. I don't have to read you to know you've shut down since we found out what we are."
"I have not, I…"
Chris held up a silencing hand. "You go through the motions of living, but you don't truly live anymore. We've always been together Cass, I know the girl you used to be, and you locked that girl away the day Luther and Melissa walked into our lives."
Cassie looked over the shadowed streets. She saw nothing out there; no distraction from Chris's probing questions and keen insight. She thought she'd hidden herself well behind her wall. Apparently she hadn't. "Do you think you have a future?" she inquired.
He looked sad and lost as he studied her face. "It may not be as long as I'd once hoped, but yes, I think I have a future. I often think about marriage and kids, and maybe one day I might retire and spend my days fishing."
Cassie huffed as she smiled at him. "You hate fishing."
"Not the point."
"I know," she relented.
"But you don't think of those things, do you?"
"No," she admitted reluctantly. "I don't."
"You should. Look at your grandmother, she's a Hunter and she's still alive."
"She's the only one who has lived past fifty. Most of us don't make it to twenty, and those who do usually die before they're thirty. I know some of our history too Chris, my grandmother is an oddity."
"There's the optimistic Cassie I love," he teased. She was a little wounded by his comment, but she knew he was right. She was far too pessimistic most of the time. "But seriously, Luther thinks you're one of the best Hunters ever. I'm sure that will extend your lifespan."
"Yeah, you're probably right," she agreed just to get him to stop talking about it, but she was not fooled into thinking he believed her.
His arm remained around her shoulders as they walked on. "Just be careful ok." At her questioning glance he expanded further. "I don't want you to get hurt by him."
She bristled over his words. "I won't get hurt."
Chris shook back his shaggy hair. "You don't have much experience with guys so just take it slow."
She shot him a haughty look. "I have dated before Chris."
He annoyingly grinned down at her, his arm slid forward to drop around her neck as he hugged her against his chest for a brief moment. "Yeah, but you've never really noticed guys before…"
"Of course I have," she interrupted.
"Not like this. You've paid attention to them before, the same attention you would give a puppy, but you've never really noticed them."
Cassie's nose wrinkled at his analogy. She didn't treat boys like puppies, and of course she had noticed them before, she just hadn't felt anything for them. Not like she felt for Devon, nothing even close to that.
"Not like you notice him," Chris continued.
Cassie was pulled back as Chris stopped walking. His arm fell from around her as his intense sapphire eyes burned into hers. Cassie shifted uncomfortably, she and Chris shared everything, but this was a topic that had never come up before, and she'd never seen him this concerned. "Chris…"
He held up a hand to fend off her words. "I have to pull the older brother caring bit, even if I'm not your brother." Though he smiled, it didn't reach his eyes. "I would expect you to do the same."
She playfully punched him in the shoulder. "But you notice all the girls," she reminded him.
Chuckling softly, he draped his arm back around her shoulders and pulled her forward. "That I do, that I do. You are going to have to pay more attention in training, and especially in the field."
"I will. I won't ever let anything happen to you or Melissa."
He grinned at her. "Of course you won't, but you better not let anything happen to you either."
"I won't," she told him, knowing it was a promise she couldn't keep. Anything could happen to them.
They walked the rest of the way without speaking. Music drifted from Chris's house, the sound was muffled by the loud laughter coming from inside. Chris groaned in disgust as his arm fell away from her shoulders. "I'll have grandma make you a plate," Cassie told him.
He gave her a tired nod before making his way toward his front door. Cassie was dismayed by the sad, weary slump of his shoulders. No matter what life threw at him, Chris retained hope. She wished she could be the same way, and had the inner strength Chris and Melissa possessed. She may be the strongest fighter, but she was by far the emotionally weakest of the three of them.
Shrill yells rang from Chris's house as his mother started screaming at him for some unknown offense. Cassie winced as the shouts propelled her faster toward her house. She wanted to get his plate ready, the mattress out, and the baseball game on before he arrived. It would be another wordless night, but she felt they both needed one after today.
Running up her steps, she froze at the edge of the stoop as the hairs on the nape of her neck stood up. Her hand on the knob, Cassie turned to survey the darkened night. She could see a hawk in its nest, and a fox at the edge of the woods, but she saw nothing abnormal amongst the tree cover. Yet she couldn't shake the unsettling feeling that something or someone was watching her. It was the exact same feeling she had the other night.
Though she sensed no hostility from the presence out there, she still hurried into the house. She was eager to escape the eyes she couldn't see, but knew were there.
***
Cassie's pulse rate picked up as she watched the Challenger drive by. She waited breathlessly, her hands on the hood of Chris's mustang as the Challenger pulled into a spot three cars away.
The door opened and Devon gracefully slid from behind the wheel. Though his eyes were covered by dark sunglasses, she knew the second they locked with hers. The constriction in her lungs eased and she was finally able to draw her first easy breath since they had parted ways yesterday. Closing the car door, he ignored the curious glances of the other students as he began to make his way toward her.
She was almost overwhelmed with the strange urge to cry tears of joy and relief. Everything was better now; the hope was back, the world was finally right again. There was no hesitancy as he took hold of her hand and covered it with both of his. His smile revealed his perfect white teeth, and two small dimples she hadn't noticed before. Her heart lurched as she took an instinctive step closer to him. Chris studied them with a worried frown; his eyes were focused on Devon. Melissa stood beside him, a small, knowing smile on her face.
That smile caused Cassie's heart to plummet. The sudden, awful realization that Melissa had received a premonition about Devon sent a chill racing through her blood. She didn't want to be the object of Melissa's prophecies, nor did she want Devon to be a part of them.
The last thing she wanted was for him to be injured because he had become a part of her life. Her selfishness not only put the three of them at risk, but could also get him killed. Her life was hazardous; no ordinary human could survive it. The chill inside her grew; her body became hollow as the hope inside her curdled like three month old milk. She couldn't risk dragging him into this world with her, it wasn't fair to him.
Melissa turned toward her with a curious look. Though she didn't possess Chris's ability, Melissa's insight into a person was uncanny and she didn't miss a thing. Cassie hadn't realized she'd been holding her breath and inhaled loudly as she drew air into her denied, burning lungs. Her clenched fingers began to throb, and she realized she was holding Devon's hand so firmly that her nails had dug into his palm.
She eased her grip, but she wasn't ready to let go of him. She could feel his curious gaze upon her, but she couldn't look him in the eyes. She was scared she would start to cry and never stop if she did.
Feeling like a wooden marionette, she followed as they filtered into the school.


CHAPTER 11
Cassie escaped from the school the first chance she got. Bursting free of the large brick building, she sprinted across the baseball field and into the woods. Her lungs began to burn, but she kept going, leaping over fallen logs, dodging branches, and other hazards with the easy grace those of her kind possessed.
Her kind, she thought bitterly. Being one of her kind had been anything but kind to her. It had robbed her and Melissa of their parents, taken Chris's father from him and destroyed his mother.
When Luther had found them, the revelation of how their parents had died had been a shattering blow to both her and Chris. It was disheartening to learn it hadn't been an accident that had taken their families from them, but a calculated mission to destroy their loved ones. A slew of vampires had banded together to seek out the Hunter line and viciously slaughter as many of them as they could find.
What was she thinking to expose Devon to such a life? Though it had been a while, they were all still fearful the vampires would discover them and finish what they started sixteen years ago with The Slaughter. She had no right to risk Devon's life; no right to inadvertently put him in danger. Though she barely knew him, she knew it would destroy her to lose him because of her selfishness.
Cassie dashed past some briar patches, not noticing when she scratched her arm and began to bleed. Though it was impossible, she continued to try and outrun everything she was, and everything she’d become. She didn't recognize the person she was now, as it was far different than the hopeful, innocent girl she'd been just four short years ago. That girl had dreamed big and loved every moment of her easy going, fun filled life. The person she was now wore her skin, but it wasn't her.
Pushing herself harder, she attempted to outrun the twisting sorrow wrenching at her heart, and shredding her insides. Stumbling out of the woods, her feet hit sand as she arrived at the beach. Her lungs burned and her legs were beginning to tremble, but she kept going, too frightened to stop. If she stopped she would have to think, and if she thought, she didn't know if she could survive it.
Her feet slipped out from under her. With a low cry, her knees hit the sand, her fingers slipped into its grainy depths and dug beneath the surface. It was cool to the touch, wet from the incoming tide as it lapped against the shore. Her shoulders trembled as she labored for air. Tears finally slipped free and spilled onto the beach as sobs shook her body and soul.
She couldn't move, she could barely breathe as agony twisted through her gut. She sobbed for all of the unfairness in the world, and all the loss and pain she'd experienced. She sobbed for the parents she couldn't remember and had never cried for before. She sobbed for Devon, who had come to mean so much to her in such a short amount of time, and whom she feared she would have to let go of. Once her tears began to flow, she couldn't stop.
Memories rolled forth, old wounds were sliced open. She recalled her early years, years spent on the run and moving constantly. Though she and Chris had been too young to understand the reason behind the constant moving, it had been stressful and lonely for them. Chris's mother had fled with them to Cassie's grandmother in Florida, and from there they had moved to Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma, Vermont, Pennsylvania, New York, Maine, and had finally settled on the Cape after six years of constant moving.
She and Chris had never known they were moving to avoid being hunted by the same monsters that had murdered their parents, until Luther arrived. Up until then, they'd had six blessed years of peace, and had actually been able to make friends outside of each other. She hated the fate Luther had handed them, but she did take some joy in avenging her parent's deaths by ridding the world of the monsters walking on it.
Cassie rested her hands on her knees as her tears gradually subsided and the ebb and flow of the sea drew her attention. A soothing calm settled over her and the ocean breeze dried her tears. It surprised her how much better she felt after allowing herself a good cry. She resented the path fate had laid out for her, but there were many people who had it far worse than she did.
She had been given the ability to destroy some of the evil in the world, given the ability to help people; she should start to consider it a gift, not a punishment. Though she'd lost a lot because of what she was, to continue to fight against her destiny would only destroy her. She had to make a choice, either accept her fate, or continue to live in misery for whatever short time she had left.
Staring mutely at the ocean, the strength within her began to grow. It slipped out to her limbs and dried the remaining tears on her face. Her parents had died to keep her safe, had died to protect her, and the world. She couldn't continue to fight against the legacy they had left her. It was a disgrace to everything they had tried to accomplish.
For the first time in four years there was serenity inside her, a sense of true tranquility. By finally beginning to accept what she was, her path seemed to swiftly unfold and wasn't as broken and fractured as she'd previously believed.
A car door slammed, Chris and Melissa appeared at the top of a sand dune. Chris's face was strained and pale; Melissa appeared aggravated as she placed her hands on her hips. Cassie turned her attention back to the deep blue sea. Dark clouds loomed on the horizon, but it would be awhile before the storm hit.
"What are you doing?" Melissa demanded as her black flip flops appeared next to Cassie.
Cassie didn't look up at her as she pat the sand at her side for Melissa to sit. "Thinking."
"Thinking will get you in trouble," Chris remarked, trying to sound cheerful, but the tension in his voice betrayed him.
"Are you ok?" Melissa inquired.
Cassie glanced at Melissa as she settled beside her and pulled her legs up Indian style. "Yes, better actually."
"You've been crying."
"I have."
"I've never seen you cry." Chris knelt beside her, his eyes troubled as he scanned her face. "Never."
Cassie gave him a reassuring smile and gently squeezed his hand. "Once I started I couldn't stop," she admitted. "But I feel better now, different somehow, stronger and more at peace. It's weird, but it's ok."
He nodded, but his eyes were still troubled as he searched her face. "Tears can be soothing." Melissa rested her hand on Cassie's arm. "You sure you're all right?"
"Yes. You've had a premonition about Devon?" It was a question but came out more as a statement.
Melissa blinked in surprise, the pupils of her dark eyes dilated subtly. "Do you really want to know?" When Cassie nodded, she continued on. "Yes, I had a vision about him arriving here; I knew he would touch something within you. I just didn't know when, or how deeply, he would touch you."
Cassie focused on the ocean as the tide rolled steadily in. Her mind clicked along, recalling the night when she'd first seen Devon at B's and S's. "When you said it was "about time" the first night he arrived, you weren't talking about time to leave were you?"
Melissa gave her a small smile as she shook her head. "I've been waiting over a year for him to arrive."
Cassie and Chris both frowned at her. "Why were you waiting for him to arrive?" Cassie demanded.
"To wake you up of course." She grinned at Cassie as she leaned against her side. "I knew he would shake you up and make you come alive again."
Cassie stared at her in surprise as confusion flowed through her. "Well, that he did," Cassie whispered. "I think I have to give him up."
"Cassie…"
She shook her head sternly. "It's too risky for all of us, for him. I can't bring him into this life, can't put him, or us, into that situation. I've been distracted but luckily it has only been in training. If I'm distracted in the field I could get us all killed. This is our fate, our heritage; he can't be a part of it."
"There was a reason I saw him coming Cassie, and I think it was more than just to wake you up," Melissa said.
Cassie turned toward her as she fought back the tears threatening to fall again. "What then?" she whispered.
Melissa's black eyebrows drew together. "Unfortunately I only catch glimpses of the future, not the whole plan Cass. I don't know why it's important for him to be here, but it is. I believe it is very important for him to be in your life."
Cassie squelched the hope that had momentarily bloomed in her chest. "So you think I shouldn't push him away?"
Melissa's face was composed in thought. "He's only been in your life for a week and already you're happier than I've seen you in years. You need that, we want that for you. We'll find a way to keep him safe Cass. The three of us can do anything together. Give it some time; you don't have to have all the answers right now. You should just focus on being happy."
"And if something does happen to him?"
"We won't let it," Chris vowed.
Cassie fought back the tears of gratitude and love filling her eyes. She was so lucky to have the two of them in her life. "Should I tell him what we are? Shouldn't I give him the choice to walk away?" she whispered.
Chris stiffened as her question touched a very sore spot in him. His mother had never known about his father. She'd been human, and Chris's father had thought it best not to tell her what he was, and the threat he faced every day. Mary had simply thought Chris's father was working a second job at night in order to support his wife and young son.
The harsh truth hadn't been revealed to Mary until the night she'd fled with Chris and Cassie. Over the years, whether because she'd lost her husband and worried about losing her son, or because she couldn't handle the reality of everything she knew, Mary had retreated further and further into an alcohol induced stupor. She'd also retreated further and further away from Chris.
"You know my feelings on that," Chris told her.
Yes, she knew Chris would never keep such a secret from someone he loved. Chris believed Mary's resentment at being lied to, and cheated of the dreams she'd possessed, were what had made her the cruel drunk she was now. He was probably right, but Cassie wasn't in love, she couldn't be in such a short amount of time.
"I think you should tell him one day, but maybe you should get to know him a little better first." Melissa released her grip on Cassie's arm to clamp back her hair that was beginning to whip in the wind.
"But I do know him," Cassie murmured. "I know it sounds crazy, and if it were one of you telling me this, I would be suspicious too. I know him in a way I never thought I could know anyone. It's so strange, so different…"
Cassie broke off, unable to put into words exactly what it was she felt for him. It was impossible to explain it to them, when she couldn't even explain it to herself. "I understand that Cass, but I think it's too soon. I think you should wait a little bit."
"Or until you find out how the hell he can afford such a kick ass car," Chris muttered.
Cassie rolled her eyes, but she had to admit she had wondered the same thing. As much as she felt she knew Devon, there was still a lot she didn't know. Nodding agreement, she took hold of both of their hands. "When you guys are ready for me to tell him, I will."
Their tension eased as their hands relaxed in hers. She understood their concerns about telling Devon, they didn't know him, or how deeply she felt about him. It was their secret, and their lives too, and it would also have to be their choice.
Cassie turned back to the ocean, her questions and doubts still twisted in her stomach, but she doubted all of the answers would come to her now. They sat together wordlessly until the tide washed in on their feet, and the sky started to rumble. Cassie was too comfortable to move as she found solace in their presence.
"It's going to pour," Chris said. "We should go."
Cassie didn't relish the idea of moving, but she knew they had to. The sky was about ready to split open and release a torrent of rain on them. She climbed to her feet and wiped the sand off her legs and butt. She followed behind as they made their way over the dunes to the parking lot.
"How did you know I was here?" she asked.
"I had a glimpse," Melissa answered.
'Of course she did,' Cassie thought as she tried not to roll her eyes. She may have discovered a new inner strength and tranquility, but she still didn't like the idea of Melissa knowing her future, or her whereabouts.
Cassie arrived at the car as the wind picked up. She tried to keep her hair out of her face as she grasped the handle on the passenger side door. The hair suddenly stood up on the nape of her neck, the blood in her veins turned to ice as a chill swept down her spine.
Lifting her gaze, she scanned the empty parking lot. Sand and scraps of garbage blew across the numerous parking spaces. Past the parking lot, scraggly trees, Rosa rugosa, beach grass, and sand dunes spotted with scraggly bayberry rolled forth. There were few places to hide, but she knew there was someone out there, something watching them. However, this feeling of being watched wasn't like the one she'd had last night. This feeling was something evil, something wrong.
Cassie glanced at Chris and Melissa. They were both frozen with their gazes locked on the area she had been searching. "You feel that?" She had to pitch her voice above the rising crescendo of the wind.
They both nodded. "There is something out there," Melissa answered as her nostrils flared.
"And it's not good," Chris agreed.
"Should we go look?" Cassie inquired.
They briefly glanced at her. Thunder shook the sky and rumbled the earth. Lightning blazed across the dark sky as it sizzled to the ground with a loud pop that caused goose bumps to break out on her skin. The air was heavy with the scent of ozone as the sky split open and a deluge of rain fell upon them.
Cassie ducked into the car, already soaked as she slid into the backseat. Her gaze remained riveted to the scraggly woods, but nothing fled from the rain as it pounded loudly on the roof of the car. Chris and Melissa slammed their doors shut, but Chris didn't start the engine. They sat in silence, waiting for whatever it was to reveal itself.
It didn't.
***
The ringing of the doorbell was diminished by the unrelenting rain hitting the windows. Cassie frowned at Chris and Melissa as she uncurled herself from her bed. Chris didn't look up from the rerun of The Deadliest Catch he was engrossed by. "Awesome," he muttered.
Cassie shook her head at him as Melissa rolled her eyes. "Be right back."
Cassie was curious as to who could be at the door as she hurried from her room. Though she was popular at school, it had been a few years since she'd invited anyone over. Plus the school day was still in progress, even if the three of them had opted not to return. Flinging the door open, she froze; her mouth went dry as her heart fluttered in her chest. Devon stood on her doorstep, his wet hair tussled and windblown. He looked heartbreakingly beautiful as drops of rain trailed over the contours of his face. His emerald eyes met hers and a cute smile curved his full mouth.
"Devon." She was surprised her voice actually worked.
His smile spread enough to reveal his perfect teeth. "Melissa said you went home sick, I thought I'd see how you were feeling."
She swallowed heavily as she tried to regain control of herself, but failed miserably. "I feel a lot better now." It wasn't entirely a lie; she did feel better than she had this morning. "Thank you."
He rested his hand on the doorjamb as he leaned forward. His delicious smell made her weak. "You look well."
Her face blazed with heat as he perused her with a look that caused her toes to curl. "Who is it?" Melissa called as she pounded down the steps. She froze at the bottom of the stairs. "Devon, how are you?" She inquired as she walked over to stand beside Cassie.
"Fine. I just came to make sure Cassie was feeling better."
"Oh, how nice of you. Why don't you come in out of the rain?"
Cassie cast a quick, panicked look at Melissa that she chose to ignore. "Cassie?"
She turned back to Devon, knowing her distress was written all over her face, but she was unable to keep her expression neutral. He was staring at her expectantly. She knew she looked like an idiot, and a cold hearted jerk for not inviting him in, but she couldn't form a coherent sentence in her shaken brain.
"Yes, of course, come in," she managed in a choked voice as she somehow made her feet move out of his way.
Her heart hammered as he moved with an easy grace into the house, his shoulder brushed hers as he moved past. Her body thrummed like the strings on a plucked guitar. His powerful frame seemed to take up the entire foyer, and her entire world. Fascination seized her as he ran a hand through his damp hair and shook the rain from it. Melissa nudged her, and nodded toward the kitchen in an attempt to make Cassie at least act somewhat normal.
"Would you like something to eat or drink?" Cassie asked quickly, a little too quickly as she realized she sounded like a complete moron. His close proximity was rattling her to the core.
"No, thank you."
Her gaze flitted to Melissa. She didn't know what to say or do. "Hey, grab me a drink!" Chris shouted down the steps.
"Please!" Melissa yelled back.
"Please!"
"I'll get it." Melissa headed for the kitchen, leaving the two of them alone.
Cassie shifted uncomfortably and nervously fidgeted with the edge of her shirt. "You won't get in trouble for leaving school will you?"
He shrugged absently. "It's worth it to make sure you're ok."
Cassie hated the heat flooding her face. "We were uh… just watching TV and hanging out," she managed to stammer out. "Do you want to join us?"
His dimples flashed as his head cocked to the side. "Sure."
His gaze roamed over the house as she led him up the stairs. Her heart pounded loudly in her ears, her throat was dry as excitement and anticipation tore through her in equal waves.
Chris didn't look up as she pushed the door open, his attention was still riveted to the TV. "Who was it?" he muttered as he shoved a handful of chips into his mouth.
Cassie shook her head at him in disbelief. He was like a zombie when TV and food were involved. "It's Devon."
He turned slowly toward them with a potato chip frozen halfway to his mouth. "Hey," he greeted dully.
Devon nodded to him as his gaze ran over Cassie's room. She glanced at her mahogany dresser with its assortment of jewelry boxes, knickknacks, and hair care products. The only thing decorating her cream colored walls was a picture of her parents. It hung above an overstuffed armchair next to the window Chris often climbed through. On the other side of the window were two large bookcases stuffed full of books neatly organized alphabetically. The nightstand, beside her queen sized sleigh bed, held only an alarm clock.
For the first time she noticed how sparse it was, how much it didn't look like a normal teen's room with all the clutter, posters, and chaos that were usually present. Then again, she was anything but a normal teen. She looked back at him, not at all surprised to find his steady gaze focused on her once more. She couldn't stop the blush burning into the roots of her hair.
"Here you go." Melissa breezed into the room and tossed a can of soda to Chris, who was still staring at Devon in disbelief.
Melissa plopped onto the bed and drew her legs up beneath her. "Do you want to sit?" Cassie asked Devon.
Melissa scooted over on the bed, making room for him as he sat on the edge of it. Cassie's heart fluttered, a strange sensation took over. She'd never had a boy in her room before, unless she counted Chris, which she didn't. Devon was most certainly not a boy, or at least he wasn't like any boy she'd ever known.
"You like this show?" Chris asked Devon.
Devon turned away from her, his forehead furrowed as he watched the ship battling the ferocious weather and sea. "Never seen it."
"Oh man, this show is the best!" Chris said eagerly and thrust the bag of chips at Devon, which he politely waved away. Apparently watching TV was Chris's favorite way to bond.
"Looks interesting," Devon replied. "Are you going to sit?"
She glanced at Melissa, but she was watching the TV with an annoyingly bright smile on her face. Moving stiffly, she perched gingerly on the corner of the bed beside him. She was unable to fully relax with him only a few tantalizing inches from her.
Her hands clenched on her legs, her fingers dug into her jeans. She could feel the strength of his aura. Unknowingly she leaned closer to him, a current shot through her as they briefly touched. His fingers intertwined with hers as he pulled her hand into his lap. Her mouth parted as she found his emerald eyes on her. She knew she should slow her involvement with him, but she couldn't bring herself to put any distance between them again. She was mesmerized by him, enchanted like a cobra under the snake charmer's spell.
Resting her head on his shoulder, she fully resigned herself to the realization she wasn't going to be able to stay away from him. She couldn't stand to part with him for more than a few hours, never mind the rest of her short life. She would just have to make sure she kept him safe. She didn't kid herself into thinking it would be easy.
CHAPTER 12
Cassie sucked on the end of her straw and pulled the thick shake through it as she studied the group gathered around the picnic tables. The crowded area was loud as kids shouted, laughed, and threw things at one another. The football team had won their game tonight and it seemed the entire school had turned out to celebrate.
Chris shifted uncomfortably; his large body was crammed into the tiny corner they had managed to snag. "Freaking mad house," he muttered.
"It's because you guys are so great; you should be happy," Melissa told him.
He tried to appear nonchalant, but his eyes gleamed with pride. Though he tried to play it off like it was no big deal, he loved being the star of the team. Cassie scanned the crowd as she waited impatiently for Devon to arrive. He hadn't been able to make it to the football game, but he'd said he would be here.
It was amazing how attached she'd become to him over this past week. He'd inserted himself into her life, creating chaos where there had been none. It was a chaos she relished though. She would be completely lost without his strong presence, and the hope he’d brought into her life.
Her phone went off; the faint beep was barely audible above the din surrounding her. Digging it out of her pocket, she was relieved to see the text from Devon saying he was on his way. She was unable to stop the smile that flitted across her mouth as she slipped the phone back into her pocket.
"Devon on his way?" Chris inquired.
"Yeah."
He nodded as he scanned the crowd. Though he still wasn't completely relaxed around Devon, they seemed to have forged a strange friendship. They watched TV together every night when Devon came over to see her. They commented on this and that, laughing or groaning depending on what was on. They were both obsessed with The Deadliest Catch and Cassie found it highly amusing to watch and listen to them. She'd grown accustomed to Devon's visits after school, looked forward to the time they spent together before she had to go back to the grind of her nightlife.
A loud shout drew her attention to Jack Wells. The quarterback was standing on one of the picnic tables, throwing French fries at anyone unfortunate enough to be close to him. Cassie rolled her eyes as Melissa heaved a large sigh. "What an idiot," Chris muttered.
"Boys will be boys," Cassie said.
"Shoot me if I ever act like that."
"Oh, it's a guarantee, and don't forget I know how to use a crossbow."
He grinned at her. "Yeah you do."
Cassie scanned the crowd; she was impatient to see Devon. Since she'd made the decision not to fight her feelings, things had leveled out inside her and become more peaceful. She could concentrate on her training again; she was more settled and more alive than she had been in years. She was still a tumult of feelings and sensations when it came to him, and she was beginning to believe it would never change.
There was a ripple in the crowd, a subtle shifting amongst the students. She knew Devon had arrived as his presence always caused a stir. The boys were still wary of him, and the girl's eagerly followed his every move. The girl's had also started to give her angry, hate filled looks she wasn't used to receiving, and was perplexed by. She'd done nothing to them and until now had considered most of them friends. She knew it was jealousy over her relationship with Devon that fueled their anger, but that didn't make the resentment from them any easier to accept.
He gracefully walked through the crowd, not acknowledging the strange or lustful stares following him. Jack stopped tossing french-fries as Devon moved past, not even he was crazy enough to throw a fry at Devon. Though, Cassie thought it might be entertaining to see. Devon didn't acknowledge the winning quarterback's presence. Until Devon had arrived, Jack had been the most sought after boy in school. Now Jack's All American good looks couldn't hold a candle to Devon's dark splendor.
Cassie bristled as Marcy stepped in front of Devon, halting his progress. It wasn't jealousy that broke through her; Cassie knew she was often the only woman he saw. He conveyed that to her with every one of his searing looks and tender touches. No, this wasn't jealousy, she was aggravated that Marcy had stopped him from coming straight to her.
He spoke with Marcy for a few moments, but his gaze remained firmly on her, his eyes warm and caring. Some of the anxiety eased from her, a smile curved her mouth as she watched him. The bond between them was virulent, and they still hadn't even kissed yet. They’d done nothing more than hold hands and sit with each other over the week. She didn't know what would happen when he finally did kiss her. His touch was enough to drive her crazy; she couldn't imagine what his kiss would do to her.
Yet, she didn't rush it, didn't try and make the first move. She knew it would happen eventually, and for now it was simply enough to be with him every day.
He nodded to Marcy before casually stepping around her. Excitement tingled through Cassie; her body instinctively leaning closer to him as his hand slid into hers. Devon's chest pressed against her shoulder as he stood beside her. The hand not holding hers wrapped around her waist, and possessively rested on her hip. His scent reminded her of fresh air with a hint of rich spices.
His hand stroked her hip, his fingers set up a firestorm within her that only he could start, and put out. "You look beautiful tonight."
His soft words blew against her hair, ruffling it slightly. She shivered as his lips brushed over her skin and briefly stroked the nape of her neck. Cassie thought her knees might buckle as her legs began to tremble.
He chuckled as his hand tightened on her waist. Pulling her closer against him, he supported her weight on her shaky legs. "Oh!" A loud shout reverberated beneath the metal overhang of B's and S's.
Cassie looked up as Jack did a back flip off the table and landed perfectly on his feet. "What an idiot." Chris rolled his eyes as he tossed his empty shake into the trashcan.
"He throws you the ball," Melissa reminded him.
"Yeah, but that doesn't mean he has any brain cells. The guy relishes in being the stereotypical jock, one of these days I'm going to punch him."
Cassie grinned as she shook her head. "You'd be kicked off the team."
"Would be worth it."
Chants began as Mike Daniels jumped onto the table and prepared to do his own dismount. "This isn't going to end well," Cassie muttered.
Melissa was already grinning, and there was a knowing twinkle in her dark eyes. Mike jumped off the table and flipped head over heels through the air. His feet hit the ground, the left one skidded out from under him as he slipped on one of Jack's discarded fries. Landing hard on his butt, a loud whoomph issued from him as his breath rushed out.
Laughter filled the air; Cassie nearly choked on her shake as a satisfied gleam lit Melissa's eyes. Then Melissa glanced past Cassie and her forehead furrowed. Cassie turned to follow Melissa's gaze and surprise riveted her to the spot.
Luther stood on the other side of B's and S's, his lip curled disdainfully as he watched Jason climb onto the table. His glasses slid down to the edge of his nose to perch precariously upon the tip. The loose fitting jacket he wore hung off of his slender shoulders, making him appear thinner than he was.
"What is he doing here?" Chris asked.
"I'll go find out." Melissa slipped past them, skirting the group gathered around the picnic tables.
"Who is that?" Devon inquired.
Cassie shifted uncomfortably, not at all sure how to answer that question. "It's Melissa's dad," Chris told him.
"I thought Melissa's parents were dead," Devon said.
"Adopted father," Chris amended. "But he's raised her since she was a baby, so it's her dad."
"I see." Devon studied Luther for a moment more before turning his attention back to Cassie.
Cassie swallowed heavily, it wasn't entirely a lie. She shouldn't feel bad, but she did. Tearing her gaze away from his, she struggled to keep her breathing, and heart rate, under control. "Were Melissa's parents with yours in the car accident?"
Cassie's mind fumbled with an answer. She knew what she was supposed to say, what they had been told to say, but her tongue couldn't get the lies out. "No, Melissa's family was in Egypt at the time. Her mother died in childbirth, and her father was killed in the line of duty." Again, it wasn't entirely a lie, but it was Chris who answered the question for her.
"Line of duty?"
"Yeah." Chris's gaze was steady and unflinching as he focused on Devon. "He was in the British armed forces, stationed in Egypt, that's where he met Melissa's mom. Luther and he were good friends, so Luther adopted Melissa when she was orphaned, as there was no other family."
"I see. How sad for all of you to have lost your parents."
"My mother is still alive," Chris was unable to keep the bitterness from his voice.
"Chris…"
Cassie broke off as Chris's anguished eyes swung toward her. She knew Chris loved his mother, but there was so much between them that she feared their relationship could never be repaired. Though he was grateful his mother had been spared from the massacre of that awful night, she knew he would give anything to be free of her. He was eager to leave town as soon as they graduated.
A breeze tickled the hairs at the nape of her neck and blew strands of it across her face. Devon's hand stilled on her waist as he turned toward the woods behind them. Nostrils flaring, his eyes narrowed as he studied the shadowed forest. His jaw clenched, a muscle jumped in his cheek. The hand upon her waist constricted as he moved protectively closer to her. His eyes had turned a dark green color, and the clench of his jaw looked almost painful. Confusion swirled through Cassie as she turned to search the darkened interior of the woods for some hint of what had caught his attention.
Cassie's attention was torn from him as Melissa came back toward them. A frown marred her pretty features as she gracefully weaved through the crowd. Melissa's dark eyes briefly met hers, and a chill of foreboding traveled down Cassie's spine. "Is everything ok?" Chris asked.
Melissa shook her head, her attention briefly turned to Devon. He'd turned away from the woods, but he was still wound tight like a guitar string. "No, Luther just received some bad news. I have to go."
Cassie caressed Devon's back in the hopes of easing some of his rigidity, but he didn't relax. He was so tense he wasn't even breathing, she realized with a start. "Do you need us to come with you?" Chris asked.
"Yeah, that would be nice of you." Melissa glanced at Devon. "You know he considers you to be family."
Cassie's blood turned to ice in her veins. Swallowing heavily, she managed a small nod. "Of course." She fought to keep her face impassive as she met Devon's darkened gaze. "I have to go."
He nodded, but she could tell his thoughts were elsewhere, and he was still unsettled. Though he'd started to breathe again, he remained as solid and unbending as a rock. His hand moved over her back and lightly clenched against her. "I will see you later."
Cassie blinked in surprise; the words had come out almost as a growl. The fierceness in his gaze, and the intensity of his words caused goose bumps to break out on her skin. She didn't know what was going on tonight with Luther, or with Devon, but her sense of foreboding kicked up another notch.
"Yes." She agreed simply because she didn't know what else to say. For a moment he seemed to have no intention of letting her go, and then his hands slid away.
"Be safe."
She frowned in confusion, puzzled as to why he would say that. "Of course."
The intensity of his gaze didn't lessen as she took a small step away. She thought he was going to grab her again as he made a slight motion toward her, but then he stopped. The quiet desperation in him kept her riveted. "Come on Cassie, we have to go," Chris urged.
She swallowed heavily as she turned away from Devon. She could feel his gaze boring into her back as they moved through the crowd. Another breeze wafted over them, but this one carried the strange sense of wrongness that had been present at the beach the other day. Cassie turned as evil washed over her, and rooted her feet in place.
Melissa and Chris stopped beside her, their gazes fixed on the woods behind Devon. Nothing stirred amongst the darkness, but she knew something was out there.
"We have to go." Melissa's normally strong voice wavered.
Cassie tore her attention from the woods as her gaze instinctively fell upon Devon again. His attention was riveted on the woods, his body taut once more. Shock tore through Cassie as she realized that somehow, he felt the evil too.


CHAPTER 13
"I believe an Elder is here."
Cassie's legs ceased their swinging motion on the kitchen island she was sitting on as Luther slapped the paper down in front of them. The large headline blazed up at her in ominous big black lettering. ANOTHER WOMAN KILLED BY WILD ANIMAL. Though she tried, she couldn't tear her gaze away from those words. The paper had been on her counter this morning, but she'd thought nothing of it as she breezed by to grab a box of cereal. Then again, she hadn't thought about much other than Devon since he had entered her life.
At Luther's declaration her body broke out in a cold sweat and her temples pulsed with the beats of her heart. "An Elder?" Chris asked in a choked voice.
Luther nodded vigorously and shoved his glasses back up with his index finger. "Yes, murders are up, and animal attacks have doubled over the past couple of weeks. You know what that means. Now, it could be a young vampire, but I don't believe so."
"But you don't know for sure?" Cassie asked her voice higher pitched than she would have liked.
His gray eyes were grave as they met hers. "I'm fairly positive Cass. This thing has been stalking people for a little while now. It's covering its tracks well, something younger vampires aren’t so discreet about, and tend not to do. I never would have noticed the trend if I didn't follow the newspapers so carefully. I firmly believe this thing is older, more powerful, and it is hunting here."
The knot in her stomach clenched further as it seemed to twist her intestines. An Elder. They'd never dealt with an Elder before, never even been close to one. And she had never wanted to be.
It had been The Elders who had grouped together to destroy The Hunter line, determined to take them all out in one fell swoop. Though they hadn't completely succeeded, they had managed to slaughter hundreds of men, women, and children, including their parents. The Hunter line had been left straggling, broken, and scattered across the globe. The survivors moved about continuously in order to stay hidden and alive.
Before the carnage there had been almost six hundred Hunters. After, there were only thirty-two known ones left. That number included Cassie, Melissa, and Chris who hadn't been old enough to walk, let alone fight for their lives when The Slaughter occurred.
Chris had been telling the truth when he'd said Luther knew Melissa's parents. Luther had been their Guardian; one of the people entrusted to train and protect The Hunter line. His duties as a Guardian consisted of schooling them in the old ways, navigating them through vampire and Hunter lore, and teaching them how to fight. When The Slaughter occurred Luther had fled with Melissa to Germany, then Japan, and finally to the U.S. where they'd bounced around in search of survivors. During the carnage, Guardian's had also been slaughtered and there were only twenty-one accounted for now. Her parent's own Guardian, Brent, had been murdered with them when The Slaughter occurred.
All the Guardians had known where The Hunters were located before The Slaughter, but in the aftermath, many had been lost, probably forever. Luther continued to search for more survivors, but his journeys always came up empty handed.
With the small number of survivors, it was possible The Hunter line would eventually die out. Cassie certainly didn't plan on having children. There was no way she would leave them orphaned and alone after saddling them to this life. If the others didn't survive to have children, or if some of the survivors didn't know their heritage, it was only a matter of time before there was no one left. It was Luther's biggest fear; after their deaths, of course.
Cassie tried to swallow the lump imbedded in her throat, but it was choking her, cutting off her air as it remained lodged in her windpipe. Tears burned the backs of her eyes, it seemed their time had come, much sooner than she'd expected.
She was infuriated with fate, and this monster that had come into their lives. It wasn't fair, she'd finally found something good in her life, and now she was going to lose it. She glanced around the room, her heart breaking for the only family she'd ever known. Chris looked shell shocked, Melissa's gaze was distant and unfocused; Luther was pacing restlessly.
"What do we do?" Chris asked.
The normally soft lines in Luther's face were starkly visible. "We run."
There was a moment of stunned, breathless silence, before Cassie and Chris exploded at the same time. "What?"
Luther clasped his hands behind his back as he paced the confines of his kitchen. "None of you are ready to face an Elder. You haven't had enough training; you don't know the full scope of this creature's abilities. No one fully knows what an Elder is capable of. You cannot go up against that."
"The three of us…"
"Are not enough," he interrupted Chris harshly. "Your powers and abilities are nothing compared to what this creature may be able to do."
The room lurched sickeningly, she was half surprised she hadn't slid off the kitchen island and become a limp pool of body parts on the floor. "How can you be so sure this is an Elder?" Chris inquired.
Luther threw up his hands as he continued his relentless pacing. "I can't. The biggest clue I have is the lack of evidence the police have. This monster is killing for the pleasure and power of it. He isn't turning them; he's leaving their bodies behind with no blood, when he leaves them behind, but he also leaves no hint of his mark upon them, which is something new vamps tend not to do. The lack of blood at the crime scene is stumping police, but they aren't digging into it too deeply. Also, most new vampires don't survive their first month."
"What? Why not?" Cassie gasped as she was rattled out of her paralysis.
Luther rolled his eyes as he shook his head. "You never listen to me," he muttered. "Most new vampires are killed in their first month."
"Why? How?" Chris demanded.
Luther shot him a stern, disapproving look. "Either by Hunters, especially when there were more of you, or by other vampires." Cassie stared at him in bewilderment as her mind spun from the revelation. Luther shoved his glasses back up on his nose and returned to pacing. "Older vampires don't care to have a lot of newbie's around. They don't want the human population to know vampires are real, and young vampires tend to be careless about the conditions they leave their victims in, and the amount of bodies they leave behind. Also, hunting and killing another vampire shows more power than hunting a human, it's more thrilling for them. I imagine they thoroughly enjoy it."
Cassie found the brutal picture he was painting extremely disturbing. They fought amongst themselves in search of a more thrilling kill, and more power? She knew they were monsters, awful, horrendous, and despicable, but this was far beyond her scope of disgust and hatred for them. Nausea twisted in her already sour stomach.
"How come we didn't hear about this fact before now?" Chris demanded.
Luther folded his arms firmly over his chest as he glared at him. "Because you and Cassie didn't want to learn about the lore, and the behavior of vampires."
Cassie had the grace to look embarrassed, Chris did not. Having grown up in this life, and been taught everything as a child, Melissa remained mute. She firmly believed if she was going to know the future, then she had to have a firm grip on the past. However, Cassie had resented her heritage as it was, and she didn't feel like learning more about it. And Chris, well if it didn't involve food, girls and action, then he wanted nothing to do with it.
"It's all boring crap," Chris muttered defensively.
"Well, you just learned something new, and important, from that boring crap!" Luther snapped. Chris finally had the grace to look discomfited as he ducked his head. "So that is why I believe we’re dealing with an Elder now."
"The thing in the woods." Cassie looked crazily at Melissa and Chris as realization lit up like a light bulb inside her. "That's what was out there tonight, and at the beach the other day."
"How could it have been at the beach? It was daylight," Chris argued.
Cassie hopped off the counter and began to pace rapidly. "It was overcast though, probably cloudy enough for them to come out at that point of the day."
"What are you talking about?" Luther demanded. Melissa quickly filled him in on what had happened the other day, and the strange feeling they'd all experienced again tonight. Luther's face was grave and thoughtful as he studied the far wall. "We may never know exactly what an Elder is capable of. The scope of their powers may be far beyond anything we can even imagine."
Cassie's stomach rolled over again, she was worried she was going to throw up her strawberry shake before this night was over. "If it's watching you, then it's likely this creature knows what you truly are. It's also likely the three of you may have drawn it here. It may have sensed your powers, and abilities, and it also may have noticed the deaths of its brethren due to you. That's why we must leave. It will hunt you until it destroys you."
Cassie nearly tripped over her own feet as she abruptly stopped pacing and turned to stare at him in disbelief. Melissa slid off the island; she rested her hand against it as her legs buckled. Chris took a step forward, his eyes turbulent, yet blazing with a fiery determination.
"No." Cassie swallowed heavily as she tried to wet her parched throat. "No, I am not leaving," she managed more firmly.
Luther blinked rapidly as he stared at her in surprise from behind his Lennon style glasses. "What do you mean no? You don't understand Cassie…"
"I understand you think this thing will kill us, and you may be right. I also understand we may have led this thing here; I will not abandon the town, and the people I have known since childhood, to this monster. It may kill us, but we are also the only defense they have against it. I won't leave them to be slaughtered because of us."
"Neither will I," Chris said firmly.
Melissa straightened her slender shoulders. "We can't Luther. Cassie's right, this thing may be far more powerful than us, but we're the only defense here. We can't abandon them; it would be like leading the lambs to the slaughter."
Luther stood for a moment as disbelief, and something akin to grief, churned in his eyes. "I understand your inclination to stay, and I commend it, but I cannot allow it to happen. There aren't enough Hunter's left to risk your lives. I must keep you safe. You cannot stay here."
"I will not allow innocent people to die because of us!" Cassie retorted.
"They die every day. Your lives are more valuable, you do far more good alive than you do dead." Cassie felt as if she'd been slapped as she gaped at him. She couldn't believe he'd just said that. "I'm sorry to sound cruel, but it's true. If you're killed, then more innocent people will die, you must weigh everything before coming to this decision. Sometimes we have to do things we don't want to in life."
Cassie's hands fisted as she took a step toward him. "I'm already doing something I don't want to do every single day! I didn't ask for this, but I will not run from it, not now! I'm staying, if you intend to run, go ahead, but I won't!"
Luther's gray eyes burn as hot as coals. "It is the best for you! My only charge in life is to see that you are prepared to fight, and to keep you safe."
Cassie's anger melted in the face of his distress. "You can't keep us safe forever, it's not possible. You’ve done your best to train us Luther; you have to have faith in that."
He glanced at their determined faces. His eyes were troubled behind his glasses as his set shoulders slumped in defeat. "Fine, but you cannot go hunting alone anymore. The three of you must stick together, and you will wait for me to go with you. No more running off on your own and I want to know every time you have the same feeling you had tonight." His turbulent gaze swung to Melissa. "Have you had any premonitions about this?"
Her dark eyes were sad and distant as she shook her head. "No."
"Have you had any premonitions at all lately?"
She shook her head. "Nothing to do with vampires. I knew we would win the game tonight, and I know tomorrow, at lunch, Marcy is going to announce the nominee's for homecoming queen. Congratulations by the way," she added with a wary smile at Cassie.
Cassie lifted a shoulder, but refrained from commenting. The last thing she cared about was homecoming, or being queen. Maybe at one time she would have, but not anymore. Her entire life had become focused on her friends, her survival, and Devon. Her heart gave a mighty thump as her attention returned to him once more. They had left him at the side of the woods, within close proximity of that thing!
She whipped out her cell phone and frantically dialed his number. She turned her back on them, rapidly walking away as she listened to the endless ringing. It clicked over to his voicemail, but she didn't leave a message. Taking a deep breath she tried to calm herself as she quickly texted him, asking him to call her as soon as possible.
She knew she was unable to keep the horror from her face as she looked back at her friends. "What is it?" Melissa asked.
"We left Devon standing there, and he's not answering his phone," she answered tremulously.
Apprehension flitted over their faces as they quickly exchanged looks. "He's fine," Melissa assured her. "I'm sure of it."
"How can you be so sure?" Cassie demanded. She was finding it difficult to breathe through the constriction in her chest as she strained to remain somewhat calm. "If that thing is stalking us, wouldn't it go after Devon if it saw us together?"
"It's ok, Cassie." Chris grasped her arm but his touch only slightly soothed her tumultuous emotions.
She turned from him, feeling like a caged animal as she paced back and forth with her fingers still clenched around her phone. She'd left him there, she'd involved him in this, and she'd left him there. She'd been too selfish to set him free, and now she may have cost him his life.
She didn't think she could survive without him. In such a short time he'd become a part of her, she needed him more than she needed her own extremities. She would hunt that thing down and destroy it if it harmed him, even if it meant destroying herself in the process.
The ringing of her phone caused her to jump in surprise. Relief flowed through her at the sight of his name and number. Opening her phone, she quickly walked away from them. "Is everything ok?" he demanded immediately.
Cassie took a deep breath as she fought the tears burning her eyes. "Yes, yes I… uh I just thought I'd say hi," she lied badly, feeling like a complete idiot as her face flamed red.
He didn't speak for a moment, and she could hear the wind rushing past his car as he drove. "Are you sure?" The tension in his voice was unmistakable.
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Are you still with Melissa and her father?"
"Yes."
"How are you getting home?"
"Chris will take me."
"I could pick you up."
Cassie glanced at the others, but they were engrossed in conversation. She wanted to see him again, to make sure he was safe, but this was going to be a long night, and it would be better if he went home where he would be safe.
"No, that's ok; we're going to be here awhile," she told him.
There was another stretch of silence. "Ok, let me know when you get home safely."
She frowned at the command, surprised to hear him so worried about her again. She recalled his strange reaction earlier, the tension in his body as he'd turned toward the woods. He'd still been watching the forest after they'd walked away. Then she recalled her earlier realization that he'd sensed whatever evil presence was lurking about town too.
Her hand clenched around the phone. She knew there were humans with their own special gifts. There were those with ESP, telekinesis, telepathy, and many other strange abilities that manifested within them. She suspected perhaps Devon was somehow gifted. She didn't know exactly what his ability was, but it seemed to resemble Chris's talent.
What surprised her most was that Chris hadn't picked up on it. She thought he would have recognized it immediately, especially if Devon's gift was similar to his own. Instead, he'd felt nothing except for a strange darkness. Maybe that darkness was Devon's gift. Maybe because their abilities were so similar Devon's acted as a block against Chris's own power.
Cassie closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. This was one more thing she simply couldn't deal with at the moment. There was already too much on her plate to attempt to put the pieces of this puzzle together right now.
Pushing aside all questions and doubts, she focused upon their conversation again. "I will," she promised.
He was quiet for a moment more, and she could almost feel the tension radiating from him through the phone. "Good night Cassandra."
She shivered in delight and closed her eyes as she savored in the sound of his voice. "Goodnight Devon."
She reluctantly hung up, hating the loss of connection between them. Slipping her phone into her pocket, she turned back to the others. She wasn't going to tell them what she'd just discovered about Devon. They had more than enough to deal with right now. Besides, she wasn't one hundred percent certain she was right, and she didn't intend to divulge something about him he might prefer to keep private. Maybe he wasn't even sure he had such a gift.
"He's fine."
"Good," Chris said briskly. "Now, do you think we should tell your grandma and my mother about this?"
Cassie sighed heavily as she was drug back into the harsh reality of her world.


CHAPTER 14
Devon stepped around the back of the tree and folded his arms over his chest as he watched Cassie safely disappear inside her house. The door closed behind her, the click of the lock drifted to him even at his distance of two hundred feet. Crossing his legs, he leaned against the tree, prepared to stay there for the entire night.
He wasn't going to leave her unprotected until he knew who it was that had been in the woods tonight. He knew what it was, as he had recognized one of his kind immediately. He also knew they were hungry, powerful, and bloodthirsty. He'd felt the intense desire the creature had directed at Cassie which led him to believe it was a male.
Anger bristled through him as he shifted uncomfortably. He didn't care for anyone else looking at her, or desiring her in such a way, let alone someone who wanted to destroy her. As soon as he found who was out there, he was going to destroy them. They couldn't be allowed to roam free, not in this town, and not with Cassie present. They would go for her, and he could not have that. No one was going to touch her, and absolutely no one was going to taste her blood, or turn her.
She was his, and as long as he was alive he would keep her safe from any harm, including himself.
His canines pricked, they felt heavy and razor-sharp as his thoughts turned to feeding. He'd had no time to hunt tonight, not food anyway, as he'd been too busy trying to find the creature stalking the town. Now, with thoughts of Cassie on his mind, the hunger sparked to life with a vengeance. He ran his tongue over his teeth, surprised to find they had lengthened on their own. He usually had control over such a thing, unless he was extremely hungry, or primed for the kill.
He ran his hand absently through his hair and tugged at the ends of it. It was going to be a tiring night, as he didn't intend to leave in order to satiate his thirst. The light in her room flicked on. Anticipation clutched at him as she moved in front of the window, and her lithe body was outlined by the curtains. She leaned into the open window and rested her arms on the window as she peered outside. He knew she couldn't see him but he slid into the shadows behind the large oak once more.
When he came back around, she'd disappeared from view. He leaned against the tree, trying not to think about what he was doing at the moment. In all his seven hundred and fifty-two years, he'd never thought he would be standing outside of a girl's room, watching her, keeping her safe. Humans were only good to feed off of, to hunt, to stalk, and he hadn't done that in over a hundred years so he'd simply taken to avoiding temptation.
His gaze drifted back to the window. She wasn't in view anymore, but the knowledge she was there was enough. His thoughts wandered to Luther as he tried to find a comfortable position. It was the first time he'd seen the strange man Cassie had spoken of in her dream. Confusion twisted through him as he recalled the peculiar, thin man, standing in the shadows of the restaurant. Why did Luther have such influence over her, such an effect on her, on all of them?
Devon's hands clenched on his arms as he recalled the confusion and disquiet that had eclipsed her in their dream, recalled her hesitance when she'd spoken of Melissa's father. Tonight, the minute the man had appeared they'd all followed him back to his house. A house they spent a fair amount of time at, a strange amount of time at.
What the hell was going on with them?
He dropped his head into his hand and rubbed the bridge of his nose as he thought over all of the odd things circling around the three, no four, of them. A strange niggling began to take hold of him. It was all irritatingly confusing. Frustration filled him; he was so close to putting a finger on it, yet the answer continued to elude him.
Lifting his head, he frowned as the light in her room went out, though the flicker of the TV could still be seen. Glancing over at Chris's house, he was surprised to find he appeared to be staying home tonight. After a few minutes the light in his room went out also.
Devon shoved aside all his doubts and questions as he slid from the shadows of the trees and moved amongst the shadows across her open yard. Not fully understanding what drove him, and unwilling to think about how she would react, he grasped hold of the tree he'd watched Chris climb before. He made his way quickly up the branches with the agility and grace that only one of his kind could possess. He paused outside her window, unsure of what he'd been thinking, or what to do. He just knew he had to see her again.
There was something out there thirsting for her. Something that desired to take her away from him, and he couldn't have that. That knowledge spurred him into action; he couldn't be separated from her any longer. Not pausing to think about it, he rapped on the window.
His breath caught when she appeared before him, a golden angel silhouetted against the dark night. Her hair tumbled around her shoulders in thick waves that framed her exquisite face. The blue t-shirt she wore fell to mid thigh, and bared the creamy skin of her legs. His baser instincts leapt to life, his mouth watered as his hands clenched the tree branch. This was quite possibly the biggest mistake he'd ever made, but he couldn't bring himself to care. Not when he got to look at her like this.
Her astonishing eyes widened on him, her rosebud mouth parted as she stared at him. Then she was unlocking the window and sliding it up as she leaned toward him. Her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him, the beat of her heart pounded in his ears, instantly arousing his ever present hunger whenever she was near.
"Devon." Her husky voice caused a small shiver to run down his spine.
He'd felt her desire for him before, but it was stronger tonight, deeper and more urgent. He didn't know where it had come from, what had caused it, but he wasn't sure he could resist it. His hand clenched around the branch, he had to stop himself from tearing it from the tree as he fought the urge to seize hold of her and ease the burning hunger raging through him.
This had been a mistake; he never should have come here, not as tumultuous and unsettled as he was. He could hurt her; he would hurt her if he lost control. He knew he should go but he didn't move. He couldn't leave her.
She took a small step back and turned to allow him access to her room. He hesitated, knowing that if he went through the window there would be no turning back. If he entered her room, he knew he would never be able to separate from her again. And he didn't care. He didn't care about anything but being with her.
He moved swiftly through the window and rose slowly to his full height before her. The glow from the television played over her perfect features, robbing him of all reason as he simply gazed at her, unable to move. He sensed a strange vulnerability about her tonight, a wealth of sadness he'd never felt before. He didn't know what had happened with Luther, but it had troubled her greatly.
"What are you doing here?" she asked, slightly breathless.
He didn't know what he was doing here; he just knew this was where he was supposed to be. Where he was always supposed to be. "I had to see you," he said honestly.
He smoothly wrapped his hand around the back of her head. The feel of her instantly pacified the raging beast clamoring loudly inside him. Relief filled him as he pulled her against him and her body melded against his, fitting perfectly, completing him.
Relief filled him as his fingers slid through her silken hair and he caressed the back of her head. He had to remember to be careful around her, remember to pretend to breathe, and to keep her away from his nonexistent heartbeat. He had to remember to be gentle, to keep his strength restrained so as not to harm her. But he found it difficult to concentrate on such things whenever he was around her.
"Cassie." He dropped his head into her hair and nuzzled her.
A fiery ache for her spread through his whole body. His grip on her tightened as his body hardened against hers. Her arms wrapped around him, clinging to him as her fingers dug into his back. He didn't know how long he held her, simply taking pleasure in the feel of her. The rightness of her body against his robbed him of all sense and reason. Time had no meaning in heaven, and he knew this was as close to heaven as he was ever going to get in his world of death and destruction.
The flow of the moonbeam made him realize it was getting late. He didn't wish to leave her, but he couldn't keep her up all night. She needed her rest, needed her sleep. She was far more fragile than he was. She was a breakable, mortal human. The thought seized hold of him and sent a bolt of bloodlust surging through him.
His fangs sprang free. Shaking, unnerved, he struggled to keep the demon inside of him caged. It was bursting to sink its teeth into her, to drain the sweet blood pounding deliciously through her veins. It clamored to deplete her, to make her immortal and strong, his forever.
A tremor wracked through him. "Devon," she murmured.
He realized his hold upon her had become painful. She didn't strain against him though, and didn't complain. He fought to regain control and not to think about the appealing blood he could hear pumping through her veins. He knew she would be astonishing, a powerful rush unlike any he'd ever known.
The temptation was so overwhelming he dropped his head to the side of her neck. The enchanting smell of her blood assailed him. The bloodlust shook him, the beast screamed to be appeased by her. His lips pulled back. His teeth were throbbing with their compulsion to pierce her.
"Devon?"
A tremor tore through him again, shaking him. He could not be denied, he would not be denied, and then she caressed him. Her delicate fingers stroked over his back as they calmed the beast inside of him. He shuddered and buried his head in the side of her neck as he grappled to regain control of himself. Reason began to return as her soothing touch gradually returned the monster to its cage.
What had he been thinking? He'd been about to condemn her to his world. He'd been about to take the radiance from her, rob her of her purity and goodness. He had to get away from her and stay away from her. She rocked his self restraint, his control, and in his world those were two things he had to keep under wraps, or he would kill someone.
Shuddering, he slid his fingers through her hair once more. He would watch over her until the threat was gone, but he couldn't be near her anymore, couldn't hold her again. The thought tore through him with a burning rage that seared the inside of him and left ashes in its wake. He felt the loss acutely, even though he still held her against him.
She tilted her head up, her beautiful face shook him completely and left him lost to her forever. He knew he could leave her, he could go to the opposite side of the world, but she would be with him for eternity. She would remain burned into his heart, his thoughts, and every fiber of his being.
"I should go." His voice was strained, but he'd regained most of his control.
The longing in her eyes was almost more than he could stand. "Don't."
He blinked in surprise, not sure what to say or do. Her dark lashes lowered over her eyes as heat flared through her creamy cheeks. A low groan issued from him. Her eyes were hesitant and shy as they came back to his. Her sweet simplicity was heart wrenching. She was far too good for him and everything he was.
When he didn't speak, her face flushed redder, and fire climbed high into her cheekbones. "I uh… I didn't mean…"
Her voice trailed off, she ducked her face, hiding it from him. Brushing back her silken hair, he felt the heat of her skin against his palms as he cupped her face tenderly. Her eyes flitted up to his. "I know," he said, hoping to ease some of her embarrassment. "I know what you meant."
He traced his thumb over her lip, relishing in the supple fullness of it. He could stay with her, lie beside her, and keep her safe as he held her through the night. He could control himself for that. He could give himself this, and then he would leave tomorrow. Even as he thought it, he knew he was lying to himself.
He was not going to leave her. It would never happen. His feelings for her were too strong, too powerful, and he was acutely aware he knew what they meant. That he knew what she was to him now, what she would always be, and how this would all end. He just didn't like to think about it, because the ending was something he didn't want for her. The ending was something she wouldn't want for herself, and he hated he may end up forcing his life on her. For now, he simply needed to hold her and protect her and keep her safe.
He would just have to learn to control himself around her, and he would have to make sure he was well sated whenever she was near. But he couldn't leave her; he didn't think he could survive if he was unable to touch her, to know she was safe and with him.
"Beautiful," he whispered. Her lashes swept the delicate curve of her cheek as she ducked her face once more. He nudged her chin up again. When her eyes met his, he bent slowly in order to give her time to come to her senses and flee while she still could.
She didn't move, didn't breathe as his lips brushed over hers in a butterfly caress that nearly shattered him. The touch of her lips healed every broken bit of him. It soothed the loneliness of his life and helped him to forget the ruin his existence had created. Though she didn't make right the many deaths that stained his soul, she greatly eased the suffering residing permanently inside him.
He deepened the kiss, needing more of her as warmth suffused him. Whiteness embraced his essence, pushing out the black as his tongue explored the heady recesses of her mouth. He was trying not to rush, trying not to scare her, but he hungered for more. He hungered for all of her.
Pulling away, he fought to regain control as he met her bewildered gaze. She lifted her fingers to her mouth and touched them to her lips in awe. "Are you ok?" he asked worriedly, frightened he’d gone to fast and scared her.
She smiled tremulously. "Yes."
He clutched her to him again as he struggled to maintain restraint. "It's late, you should lie down," he ground out. She gave a small nod, but didn't look at him again. "Come on."
He led her over to the bed. The blankets were pulled back from where she had lain before he arrived. He fought the urge to crawl into the bed beside her and hold her close. Sliding her legs onto the bed, the t-shirt she wore pulled back to reveal a mouth watering view of her creamy thigh. Devon stiffened as more than just bloodlust tore through him. Then she looked at him again, her face was beet red, and her innocence was almost intolerable.
Lifting her hand to him, she moved over. "Lie with me for a little bit."
For a moment he could almost feel his heart trip hammering, almost feel it turning over in his chest with a violent slam that shook the place where it had once beat. She was testing the very limits of his control, nearly destroying the small thread he still had upon his self restraint. Then her gaze darted to the window, and her forehead creased as she gazed at the dark night.
He searched for any hint of a threat with his far superior eyes, and with every ounce of his vast power. He knew the monster was still out there, but he couldn't sense it now. It was either far away, or it was strong enough to mask itself at a distance. His stomach turned. Though he was more powerful than most vampires in existence, Cassie was not. The idea of something that strong out there pursuing her, made the decision for him.
Turning from the window, he kicked his sneakers off. She slipped further over as he climbed onto the bed beside her. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her down. She curled up like a sweet kitten against his side, nuzzling him as her hand rested upon his chest. He grasped hold of her hand, keeping it away from the empty hollowness of where his heart should beat and pressed it against his abdomen.
Devon was unable to relax due to the fire burning through him. He stared unseeingly at the pictures flickering across the TV, soon her breathing evened out, and her hand relaxed against his. Her trust in him was absolute as she gave herself over to him in her most vulnerable stage. He didn't deserve her trust, if she knew what she was curled up beside she would probably run screaming into the night.
It was something he would have to make sure never happened. He couldn't lose her, nor could he shatter her innocence by being the one to tell her the world was truly cold, heartless, and filled with real monsters.
Maybe he could just tell her…
He instantly squashed the thought. How could he shatter her innocence? He couldn't, and even if he did, what guarantee did he have she would stay with him? He was a monster. Why would anyone stay with a beast?
He wasn't strong enough to leave her, and he was too much of a coward to risk losing her. He had done many awful things in his life, but this was by far the worst.


CHAPTER 15
Cassie was still groggy from the deep, dreamless sleep that had claimed her as she gradually woke the next morning. Memories of the night assailed her when she realized Devon was still beside her, his arm draped over her waist, and his body melded against her back. Her toes curled against his jeans as she took pleasure in the feel of his body pressed so close to hers.
His kiss had been everything she'd known it would be. It had filled her entire being, warming and melting places she'd thought frozen and dead. He was everything she needed, and she would willingly die to keep him safe from the evil within their town. His hand clenched upon her waist as she nestled closer to him. "Don't move."
The words were groaned through his teeth against her ear. She held her breath as he became rigid against her. She didn't know what was wrong with him, but it had almost sounded as if he were in pain. He moved so suddenly, and quickly, she didn't have time to blink before he'd rolled away from her, and was on his feet.
Cassie pulled the blankets against her chest as she sat up. He was standing by the window, his gaze focused on the rising sun. His hands were clenched at his sides, the muscles of his forearms bulged with the tension coursing through him.
"Are you ok?" she asked.
He turned his head toward her; his emerald eyes were dark in the early morning light. His hair was tussled from sleep, giving him a boyish appeal that melted her heart. "Fine."
Some of the stress seemed to be easing out of him as he offered her a small smile. Music suddenly blasted into the room, Cassie jumped in surprise, and her heart leapt in her chest. It took her a few seconds to pinpoint the source of the racket. Turning over, she hit the off button on her alarm clock. Dismay filled her as she realized the world was intruding upon the blissful peace she'd found in his arms throughout the night.
"I have to go." She turned back to him. His stance wasn't as rigid and his hands had unclenched at his sides. "I'll see you at school."
She nodded, not knowing what to say. He took a deep breath, seeming to brace himself before striding back over to her. Bending down, he dropped a tender kiss upon the tip of her nose that caused her to smile. The corded muscles of his arm flexed beneath her hand. She marveled at the feel of his skin and the dark hair sprinkled over it. She could have stayed in bed, touching and feeling him all day.
He hesitated for a moment, and then pulled quickly away. Slipping his sneakers back on, he moved with startling grace and speed to the window. Casting a quick glance over his shoulder, he smiled at her before disappearing outside. Cassie gaped for a moment before tossing her blankets aside and springing to her feet. She hurried to the window, surprised to find he’d already disappeared from view.
Frowning, Cassie became aware she hadn't heard his car start. Had he walked over here last night? The sudden realization hit her that she didn't even know where he lived. It was more than a little disturbing. She was falling helplessly in love with him, seemingly bound to him in a way she'd never wanted to be bound to anyone, and had never thought possible. Yet, she knew nothing about him. Leaning her head against the window, Cassie took a deep breath in order to try and calm the disquieting thoughts racing through her.
Sliding the window shut, she threw the lock and hurried to the bathroom to get ready for the day. She tried not to dwell on her upsetting realization about Devon as she went through her morning ritual. But try as she might, she couldn't keep the endless questions from running through her mind.
Hurrying downstairs, she braced herself for the conversation she was going to have to have now. Her grandmother was already at the stove, humming as she danced around the kitchen to Toby Keith singing about America. Her strawberry blonde hair had been pulled into a ponytail that bounced against her shoulders. She was a small woman, barely five feet, but she was slender with an athletic, fluid grace Cassie associated with a ballet dancer.
She turned to Cassie, her beautiful face lit up as her sky blue eyes landed on her. The lines around her eyes crinkled merrily as she slid a bowl of oatmeal to Cassie. "Brown sugar and cream, the way you like it."
"Thanks Grandma." Cassie took the bowl, but couldn't bring herself to start eating. This was a conversation she was certain would turn into a battle, but it was inevitable. Her grandmother returned to her humming as Montgomery Gentry came over the radio. "Grandma, we have to talk."
The merry smile slipped from her face as she turned back to Cassie. Her eyebrows drew together over the bridge of her delicate nose. Her eyes darkened, going from sky blue to deep brown in an instant. Cassie wasn't unnerved by the sudden change. Though some people thought it was a genetic flaw, it was actually what happened when her grandmother began to commune with her spirit friends.
Cassie plopped onto the stool. Sometimes her grandma would talk to the spirits for extended periods of time, regardless if others were present or not. The three spirits who visited her grandma had become her grandma's friends over the years, but she hadn't known them in life. Sometimes through her three "friends", her grandma was able to communicate with other people's loved ones, but never her own.
Cassie found it a cruel twist of fate for her grandmother to have her husband, and her daughter ripped away from her, but never be able to speak with them again using her special gift. Grandma didn’t agree with Cassie's opinion on that particular matter. She'd once told Cassie it would have been far more painful for her if she'd been able to speak with her loved ones after they'd passed on.
"Something evil has come to town," she said.
Cassie dropped her spoon as she focused on her grandma's once more blue eyes. This time however there was no humor in them, but rather a grave sadness. Though she spoke often with her "friends" they were never able to tell her anything specific that might impact the course of her or Cassie's fate. Telling her grandmother something had come to town was their roundabout way of trying to warn her of the very real danger now lurking nearby.
"Yes." Cassie slid off her stool and rested her hand on the countertop. "Luther believes there's an Elder here."
Terror flashed across her grandmother's delicate features. She took a small step forward before leaning back against the counter. Cassie grabbed for her, afraid she was going to collapse. Then, she straightened her delicate shoulders and stepped away from the counter. "Does it know you’re here?"
"We don't know anything for certain, but it looks that way," Cassie answered honestly.
"You cannot stay here. You must leave. All three of you have to get somewhere safe."
Cassie had been dreading this, but she hadn't changed her mind. After last night, she was more convinced than ever she couldn't run. She wouldn't leave the town unprotected, and she could never leave Devon to fend for himself. Taking a deep breath, Cassie braced herself for battle.
"No Grandma, we aren't going anywhere."
Her grandmother's mouth dropped open. "What do you mean you aren't going anywhere?" she demanded.
"We can't abandon this town, we can't leave everyone to face this thing alone and unprotected. The Hunter's exist to protect innocent people; it's what we were created for. We can't run because this may be a difficult time."
"May be difficult? May be difficult?" Cassie winced at the raw panic in her grandmother's voice. "Cassie, if this thing finds you, if it figures out what you are, it will kill you!"
"Grandma…"
"Don't you Grandma me. You get up those stairs and get your bags packed, now! I have lost my husband, my daughter, and my son-in-law to these monsters! I will not lose my granddaughter!"
Cassie's heart ached for her and the losses she'd experienced, but she couldn't back down. "You wouldn't leave if it were you Grandma. Think of all of the innocent people who will lose their lives if we do."
Her grandmother's eyes flashed brown for a brief moment before she focused her full attention on Cassie again. "I left with you. I left innocents behind then."
A knife twisted in Cassie's chest. She couldn't argue with that. She had given up everything for Cassie, and now, when her grandmother desperately wanted her to, Cassie wouldn't return the favor.
"I'm only telling you about this so you're aware of the danger, and you can stay safe."
"Cassandra…"
Before she could finish the sentence, Cassie stepped forward and embraced her. Tears slid down her face as she clung to her grandmother's slender frame. "I'm sorry Grandma, you know I would do anything for you, but I can't do this. You know this is the right thing to do; you know we can't just leave them. I know you're scared for me, I'm scared for myself, but we have to stay."
Her grandmother shuddered as her head dropped to Cassie's shoulder. "You will be more aware out there."
"Always," Cassie vowed.
Her grandmother squeezed her then pulled away. Her vivid eyes shimmered with tears as she met Cassie's gaze again. "My brave girl, just like your mom."
A cold chill slid down her spine. She'd been told she was just like her mother her entire life. She looked like her mother, she moved like her mother, and she acted like her mother. The only difference was Cassie wasn't gifted and her mother had possessed the powerful ability to move objects with her mind. She didn't mind the comparisons, but she didn't want to die young like her mother had.
Yet her life seemed to be traveling the same path. Only she would be seven years younger than her mother's twenty-four years when she died.
Cassie fought the bone wracking shudder tearing though her, she desperately craved those seven years. They may not seem like much, but they would be precious, and she had a bad feeling she was going to be cheated of them. "There are times I wish Luther had never found you."
Cassie tried to push aside the cold dread firmly embedded in her belly. "There are times I wish that too," she admitted.
Chris's mother, and her grandmother, had decided to keep the truth hidden from them and raise them as normally as possible. Until Luther arrived, Chris's power had been passed off as a psychic ability some normal people may have possessed. At the time, Cassie's grandmother believed they were the last of The Hunter line, and no one would come looking for them.
She'd been wrong.
"You will be safe, right?" Cassie asked worriedly.
Her grandmother smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. "Don't fret about me dear, don't you ever fret about me. You don't get to be my ripe old age without knowing how to take care of yourself."
Cassie nodded, but she wasn't completely convinced. She knew her grandmother; she wasn't one to sit idly by, especially if she thought she would be keeping Cassie safe. She could only hope she didn't do something crazy.
"Eat your breakfast dear, Chris is on his way over."
Cassie glanced back at her bowl of oatmeal, but she had no appetite anymore. "I'll see you tonight Grandma, I love you."
She dropped a quick kiss on her cheek as she grabbed hold of her bag and slung it over her shoulder. "Love you too dear. Have a good day."
Cassie glanced back at her, but she was still staring out the window with a distant look on her pretty features. A chill of apprehension slid down Cassie's spine.


CHAPTER 16
Cassie played with the applesauce on her plate, absentmindedly swirling it with the end of her spoon. She couldn't get the lonely image of her grandmother out of her head, or shake her overwhelming sense of foreboding. Devon took hold of her hand, his touch soothing some of her tension.
Looking up at him, she managed a wan smile as she met his troubled gaze. "What's wrong?"
She frowned as she ran her finger over his skin, savoring the feel of him. His circulation had to be poor for him to be this chilled. Shrugging it off, she managed a quick smile for him. "Nothing, just not hungry."
He didn't seem to buy it as he stared at her. "Are you sure?"
"Yes." She studied him carefully for a moment as the questions from earlier returned to her. "Where do you live?"
Quirking an eyebrow, a small smile flitted across his full lips. "Is that what has you so distracted?"
Cassie shrugged absently. "I just realized I don't know much about you."
Something flickered in his eyes. She couldn't be sure what it had been, but for a moment she thought it was fear. But why would her question cause him fear? "Well, we will have to remedy that," he told her. "My place is in Oyster Hills."
Cassie blinked in surprise; she didn't know much about Oyster Hills, except that it was highly upscale. "Wow. What do your parents do?"
His jaw clenched as a muscle jumped in his cheek. "They're dead."
Cassie gasped with dismay. "I'm so sorry; I know how awful that is."
He shrugged absently as his finger stroked her hand. "It was a long time ago."
"But the hole never heals," she whispered.
His distant gaze was tender as it came back to hers. "I suppose not."
"Do you mind me asking what happened?" she inquired.
He hesitated for a moment before shrugging. "They were killed."
Though she was curious, she decided against pressing further. She knew how much it could upset someone; how the wound never completely healed. No matter how much time passed. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry."
He smiled as he kissed her hand. "Anything you want to know, just ask."
Leaning closer to him, she was surprised to realize she'd completely forgotten about the noise and confusion of the cafeteria. He had a way about him that made it easy to shut out the rest of the world. He made it impossible to focus on anything, except him. She rested her head on his shoulder and inhaled his scent.
Closing her eyes, she allowed herself to drift into him. "Would you like to see my place today?"
She glanced up at him, grinning cheerfully as she nodded. "I would."
His eyes twinkled merrily as he dropped a chaste kiss upon her forehead. The memory of the passionate kiss they'd shared last night came rushing back. What would happen if they went to his place alone? Though the thought did cause some fear, she couldn't stop her pulse from racing with excitement.
A commotion drew her eyes to the center of the cafeteria. Marcy had grabbed a chair and was pulling it into the middle of the room. Mrs. Kindel shook her head, but didn't stop her as Marcy brought forth a microphone from somewhere and climbed onto the chair.
"Hello, testing." Everyone in the room winced as the microphone squealed loudly. "Ok, I have some announcements to make," Marcy continued when the noise died down.
Cassie glanced at Melissa, who smiled back at her with a superior grin and a quick wink. Groaning inwardly, she slid down in her chair in the hope she could somehow be overlooked. Devon studied Marcy like she was some sort of strange bug.
"What's this about?" he asked.
"Homecoming nominations."
Uncertainty swirled in his eyes. Cassie stared questioningly at him, but he didn't say anything more. For a second, she could have sworn he hadn't known what she was talking about. But that couldn't be possible, no matter how small a school he had come from, they would still have homecoming, wouldn't they?
He leaned back as a mask of indifference slipped over his face. Cassie's heartbeat picked up as their eyes locked forcefully. All of her doubts vanished as his thumb stroking over her skin caused her body to heat everywhere. She could not wait to be alone with him later.
"Now, when I call your name please come up here. Thanks. Nominees for homecoming king are Mark Young, Hector Rodriguez, Jack Wells, Chris Tempen…."
Cassie clapped loudly as Marcy called off Chris's name. Chris's fair skin turned red as he stood to a raucous chorus of cheers and whistles. He bowed and waved as if he were royalty as he made his way to the other guys. Marcy frowned disapprovingly and her voice broke off as the cheers continued.
"Ok, settle down!" Marcy called into the microphone. She waited impatiently, her foot tapping, and her arms folded across her chest as the applause died down. Marcy rolled her eyes, but as she glanced down at the piece of paper in her hand, a sly smile played across her lips. "The final nominee is Devon Knight."
Cassie's mouth dropped as mostly female cries of delight, and loud clapping, sounded throughout the room. Devon remained in his chair, a blank expression on his face, but a hard gleam in his eyes. This was not his thing, not at all, and it was more than obvious he didn't like it. She wasn't entirely sure he even knew what it meant.
Then he pushed the chair back, slid elegantly from it and rose gracefully. He glanced down at Cassie, warmth momentarily melting the ice in his eyes. The cheers grew louder, the higher pitch of the girl's voices reverberated in the large cafeteria as he moved to join Chris and the others. Though some of the boys clapped, including Chris, most didn't.
This time, Marcy didn't urge everyone to settle down as she smiled brilliantly. Resentment filled Cassie as she took note of all the girls ravenously staring at Devon. Marcy was the worst offender, as her crush on Chris had switched to Devon. She knew Devon didn't desire any of them, but she still didn't like that they all wanted him. Not one of them gave a damn he was already with her.
"It's ok," Melissa said as she leaned forward to be heard over the commotion.
"I know."
"Then why are you glaring at every girl in this room like you're going to hit them?" she inquired.
"Maybe not every girl."
"Just Marcy?" Cassie couldn't stop the laugh that escaped her as she shook her head at Melissa's teasing.
She tried to catch Devon's eye, but he didn't look at her again as he studied the other boys. Jack and Hector were playfully pushing each other; Mark was wearing a goofy grin and flexing his muscles. Chris was standing quietly, his arms folded over his chest, but he was beaming from ear to ear as he winked at the girls closest to him. Devon looked only seventeen or eighteen but he seemed vastly older and out of place amongst them.
"Now the nominees for homecoming queen," Marcy continued when the noise finally died down. "They are Amanda Jenkins, Sharon Crosby, Kelly Standish, Cassandra Fairmont…" Loud cheers and whistles erupted around the room as she rose, but unlike Devon, her appreciative audience was mostly male.
Cassie's cheeks erupted with a hot flush as she slipped from the table. She tried to keep her shoulders straight as she hurried to stand beside Kelly. The dark, angry looks from most of the girls, and the leering stares from the boys, followed her across the room. She could feel the mixed emotions coming from the kids around her and it made her skin crawl. Trying to keep as collected as she could, she kept her face expressionless, but inwardly she was a seething mass of turmoil.
Marcy tapped impatiently at the microphone to get everyone's attention as the caterwauling died down to only a few whistles and shouts. Devon's jaw clenched as he briefly met Cassie's gaze. "And finally," Marcy continued. "Myself."
There was more applause, but it was not as enthusiastic, and Marcy was unable to hide her annoyance. "Here are your nominees for king and queen, voting will begin in two weeks. Everyone, consider your candidates carefully, and vote on the people you think deserve it most. Thank you all."
Marcy dismounted from her chair, eagerly accepting the congratulations she received as she made her way through the crowd. Cassie wished she could be as thrilled as Marcy, but she'd never wanted popularity and the attention that came with it. Unfortunately she'd been launched into the role during her freshman year, when puberty set in.
It had taken her awhile to learn how to deal with the sudden influx of interest. Over the years she'd gotten better with it, but she still didn't like being in the spotlight. She most certainly didn't want to be swamped by a bunch of people trying to congratulate her. She wasn't surprised most of them were boys.
Devon was also surrounded by a group of people, most of them girls, but a few of the guys shook his hand. He looked highly uncomfortable as Ariel Drake grasped hold of his hand and nearly fell over him as she leaned close. Cassie fought back a smile of amusement as he gave Ariel a wan smile while discreetly trying to free his hand from her death grip. He finally succeeded, but Janet and Jenna Howe immediately pounced on him. Cassie would have to rescue him if he was ever going to get free from the swarm of girls. By the look on his face, he was in desperate need of rescuing.
Mark Johnson stepped in front of her and blocked her attempt at getting to Devon. Fighting back the urge to groan and roll her eyes, Cassie met his dark, stormy gaze. "Hello Cassandra, I've been trying to get you alone for the past few days, but you're always busy."
Cassie glanced back at Devon, but now he was encircled by Linda Drake, Helen Potts, and Marcy, who had reappeared. "I'm sorry Mark…"
She tried to move around him, but he sidestepped to block her path. She frowned up at him, aggravated by the interruption. "I just wanted to congratulate you Cassandra." Mark always called her by her full name; she suspected it was because he thought it would separate him from everyone else in her life. It didn't. His eyes sparked as his gaze ran over her appreciatively. Unable to stop herself, she took an involuntary step back. She hated the way his leering always made her feel as if he could see right through her clothes. "Maybe you'll be my queen."
As much as the idea made her stomach turn, Cassie managed a brief nod. "Maybe."
She tried to sidestep him again, but once more he blocked her path. Aggravation level quickly rising, Cassie folded her arms firmly over her chest as she glared at him. "I was thinking maybe we could go to B's and S's tonight." Cassie was already shaking her head, but he continued on. "Maybe catch a movie."
"No Mark, I'm sorry."
He continued to block her path when she tried to escape him. This time however, there was no amusement, or appreciation for her, in his eyes. Cassie was stunned by the hostility she saw looking back at her. "Is this because you've become the new guy's toy?"
"I'm nobody's toy, Mark!" she retorted.
"Slut then?"
Cassie recoiled as if she'd been slapped. She'd never been verbally attacked like this before, nor had she ever been called that horrible word. She took a step back, but he followed her. His eyes burned as he bore down on her, his mouth pursed, and his large shoulders set rigidly. She wasn't worried about her physical safety, she didn't think he would do anything here and she was stronger than he was. If she could fight off a vampire, she could fight off an incensed teenage boy, but it was the last thing she wanted to do in a crowded cafeteria.
"You know what you are Cassandra, you're just a tease. You're a twisted bitch who loves to play with people's emotions and wrap them around your little finger."
Cassie's mind searched for the words now failing her. Swallowing heavily, she tried to think of something that would somehow ease the tension of the situation. "I have never led you on Mark."
"You strut around here like you're better than all of us!" he barked.
Bile rose in Cassie's throat, her stomach turned and knotted. The words stung like a whip, but it was his cold fury that made her nauseous. She didn't know what was wrong with Mark, but she sensed he was rapidly losing control. She searched for some kind of help, but everyone was busy congratulating the nominees, or escaping for their next class. She couldn't see Devon anymore, Mark completely blocked him out.
She was on her own.
"Mark, I'm sorry, I…"
"You're a whore!"
Cassie's jaw dropped, her arms encircled her stomach as she worked to keep her lunch down. "Mark…"
"A no good whore," he growled. Cassie just barely dodged his beefy hand as he reached out to grab her. He was completely enraged; she had never seen someone get so angry so quickly and for the first time she was actually afraid of him. "Whore! Giving it away to everyone…"
Mark's feet came off the floor as he was yanked back and away from her. For a confounding moment she didn't know what had happened, and then she saw Devon as he shoved Mark against the wall and wrapped his hand around Mark's throat. His green eyes were dark and dangerous, his lithe body taut with anger.
"Don't you ever talk to her like that again!" he snarled. Mark coughed as his eyes bulged and he began to thrash in Devon's grasp. "Do you understand me?"
Mark nodded enthusiastically, coughing again as he labored to breathe. His fingers clawed at the hold Devon had on him, but Devon's grip didn't lessen. Devon was a little shorter than and not as broad as Mark, but it was obvious he would be capable of beating Mark in a fight. 
"If you ever even talk to her again," Devon's voice was pitched so low Cassie had to strain to hear him. "I will make you pay for it, and this will look like it was a good time."
A chill swept down her spine at the threat, a threat she was certain he would make good on. Mark managed another brief nod, his eyes rolled as he glanced at Cassie. Devon shoved him back again and released him at the same time. Slumping forward, Mark rested his hands on his knees as he gasped for air. Devon took a step toward her, effectively putting his body between the two of them.
Cassie peered around Devon's back, too flabbergasted to fully comprehend everything that had just occurred. Mark's face was beet red from lack of oxygen. His shoulders were rigid, but he didn't look at either of them as he stormed into the crowd. Cassie's heart sunk as she took in the students still present to witness what had just happened. Though the cafeteria had emptied a lot, there were at least twenty of them still gathered about. It would only be a matter of time before this incident was all over the school. Oh well, she thought, she wouldn't have had the time to campaign for homecoming queen anyway.
Devon turned toward her, his eyes intense and dark as his jaw clenched. "Are you ok?" Cassie blinked at him in surprise, unable to get her malfunctioning brain to work correctly as she tried to focus her full attention on him. "Cassie, are you ok?"
He reached for her and pulled her a step closer to him. The touch she'd always found so soothing, now only served to confuse her further. What she had just seen, it couldn't have been possible, could it? She studied him as her mind spun. Could a human be that strong?
But what else could he be, but human?
"Who are you?" The words popped out in a choked whisper before she could stop them.
The hands on her arms tightened as his body stiffened. A look of resignation filled his eyes, Cassie had the sinking feeling she'd somehow managed to push him away from her with her question. "Did he hurt you?" he demanded.
Cassie shook her head as she tried to clear her foggy mind. "No," she managed to whisper.
His cold and distant gaze ran over her. "Let's get you to class."
This was not the Devon she knew. He was not the man who gazed at her warmly, and touched her reverently. This Devon was cold and distant, and she had caused this change in him. He'd been trying to protect her, and in her confusion she'd pushed him away. She may not know as much about him as she would like, but part of the fun in a relationship was supposed to be getting to know the other person. Wasn't it?
She glanced at where he'd pinned Mark against the wall and lifted him as if he weighed no more than a feather. The strength it had taken was amazing, startling. It was a strength she'd never seen in a human being before. She turned back to study him as her doubts began to snowball into full fledged panic.
Who was he? What was he?
He gently took hold of her arm, but she could feel the cold detachment in his touch. She turned to Melissa and Chris for help. Melissa's head was tilted curiously to the side. Chris gave Devon a brief nod of approval, one that Cassie instantly recognized as a "guy" thing. Chris didn't see anything wrong with what had just happened.
Cassie rolled her eyes at Chris. She would never understand men, and their vast amounts of testosterone. "Come on Cassie," Devon urged, though his tone was soothing she could still hear the tension in it.
She followed him out of the cafeteria, so lost in her own thoughts that at first she didn't notice the whispers and glances coming from those around them. Gradually, they penetrated her haze. Pride reared up to shove aside her confusion as she straightened her shoulders and tried to ignore the rapidly spreading gossip.


CHAPTER 17
Cassie played idly with a blade of grass she pulled from the ground. She was tired, achy, and more than a little chilled. The sudden drop in temperature had started earlier in the week, had made the night far cooler than she was prepared for with her flimsy windbreaker. She huddled deeper into her jacket; she knew it wasn't only the night that chilled her, but also the events of the day.
She'd seen Devon only briefly at the end of the school day. He'd still seemed detached, and not completely himself. He hadn't mentioned going over to his place again and she hadn't brought it up either. She'd needed to get away from him for a little bit, to clear her mind, but it wasn't working out as well as she'd hoped.
She tried not to think about his seeming detachment or the doubts continuously plaguing her mind. She tried to keep herself focused on the here and now, but her mind wouldn't cooperate. She shuddered as she flipped her collar up.
"It's not that cold out," Chris muttered as he scanned the cemetery.
Cassie shrugged absently before she returned to picking at the grass. She just wanted to go home as soon as possible; she hoped Devon would come to her room again tonight. Her heart lurched in her chest and her pulse pounded in her ears. It was unreasonable, unnatural the way she felt. Her concerns about him should slow her down, should make her more wary of him, but they didn't. She cared more about seeing him than she did about the possibility there might be something truly off about him.
Melissa threw aside the English essay she had been working on. Cassie thought something was about to happen, that a fight was finally about to ensue, and she was spoiling for a fight. Then, Melissa pinned her with her intense, steady gaze. "Ok, what's up?"
"Nothing," she answered automatically.
Melissa gave her the 'I'm not an idiot look,' and lifted her dark eyebrows almost to her hairline. "Come on Cassie, we know you better than that. Something's on your mind and it has you pretty upset. Now spill."
Chris and Luther gazed at her inquisitively. Cassie tossed away the blades of grass and climbed to her feet. She felt as if she might be betraying Devon by talking with them, but she knew Melissa and Chris were the two people who would have the most insight into him.
She paced back and forth, not sure how to begin. Finally, she just decided to jump in. "What exactly have you seen about Devon?"
Melissa's dark eyes becoming turbulent and distant before she shook back her black braid and focused on Cassie once more. "Aside from his arrival, I've seen nothing else about him."
"What did you see about his arrival?" Cassie demanded.
Melissa tilted her head curiously. "Not much Cass, I just saw him coming, and I saw brief glimpses of the two of you together. I knew he was coming for you."
Those last three words caused a chill to run down Cassie's spine. Coming for her, he was coming for her. But why? Cassie felt like a turtle as she tried to pull all of her exposed skin into her jacket. "You saw nothing wrong with him though?" she asked.
The three of them exchanged surprised, wary looks, before focusing their attention on her once more. "No Cassie, not at all. I would have warned you if I had. Why are you asking this?"
Cassie chose to ignore the question as she turned to Chris. "And what did you feel from him?"
Chris looked briefly confused before shaking his head. "Not much," he admitted. "I told you I can't really read him."
"Why is that?" The chill in her became an ice storm.
"I don't know Cassie, I really don't. For the most part there is an impenetrable wall around him that I can't break through, and believe me I've tried. That guy is a challenge I would love to master, but I can't."
She swallowed heavily, trying to huddle deeper into her jacket, but there was nowhere for her to go. There was nowhere for her to hide anymore. How did a human keep Chris at bay? Unless, of course, he really did possess the same ability as Chris, and somehow that kept Chris blocked out.
Then, she caught something he'd said. "For the most part?"
He folded his arms over his chest as he leaned back against a white oak tree. "There is one thing he can't keep blocked out."
"What's that?" Melissa asked eagerly when Chris didn't continue.
Chris's gaze pierced Cassie. "His feelings for you. He can't keep those hidden, they radiate from him like a lighthouse beacon calling home the ships. It's why I kinda like the guy."
She felt warm and giddy all the way to her frozen toes. "Really?" she croaked.
"Yes."
Tears burned the backs of her eyes, but she wouldn't let herself shed them. Not here, not in front of them. "Why are you asking this Cassie?" Luther inquired.
"I was just wondering," she tried to bluff.
"You never just wonder, now what is going on?"
She restlessly paced back and forth, unsure of how much she should say. "Didn't you find the incident in the cafeteria today odd?"
Chris's face darkened like thunderclouds, Melissa nodded eagerly. "I can't believe Mark said those things to you! I was going to punch that guy myself, if Devon hadn't got there first!" Chris spat.
"He was wicked quick to defend you," Melissa added.
Cassie sighed as Melissa's eyes took on a dreamy look; apparently she'd decided to jump on the "I love Devon" bandwagon also. Was she the only one who had noticed something off about what had happened today? And just how quick had Devon been to get there? The last time Cassie had seen Devon, he'd been across the cafeteria, and then suddenly he was tossing Mark around like a rag doll.
"Another reason I like the guy," Chris muttered.
Luther studied them all carefully before piercing her once again with his intense gray eyes. "There's more, isn't there?"
"Yes." Taking a deep breath, Cassie decided to just plunge in. She had to unload some of her confusion and doubts on someone. "I've come to care for him, a lot." That was the understatement of the year, but she intended to keep some things to herself. "And I realize I know nothing about him."
"Well, he's new," Melissa defended. "It takes time to get to know someone."
"I know that, I understand that. What I don't understand is how he sensed the evil presence the other day…"
"What?" Melissa interrupted brusquely.
"He knew it was there, before we did. I felt the tension in him."
"There are humans with special abilities," Chris interjected.
"Yes, I know, but this was different Chris. I don't know how to explain it, but it was. Then today, in the cafeteria, the strength he displayed. What human could do that?"
They exchanged quick glances. "Some humans are very strong."
"That strong Melissa?" Cassie demanded harshly. "He lifted Mark with one hand, and Mark isn't exactly a lightweight. One hand!" Cassie realized her voice had taken on a slightly hysterical pitch, but she couldn't help it.
"What are you trying to say Cassie?" Luther prodded. "Do you think he might be a Hunter also?"
"I don't know. That's why I'm talking to you guys about this. Wouldn't you know if he was?"
Luther frowned as he absently shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. I would like to think so, but things are so different now. I can look for Hunters, but there is no guarantee I'll know them when I find them. Melissa had a premonition about yours and Chris's location. You were easy enough to find as I'd met your mother once, and you look a lot like her. I don't know if I would recognize him if he is one."
Cassie slowly digested this, she supposed that would make sense, but it still didn't ease her anxiety. "He said his parents had been killed, but he didn't say how, maybe they were actually killed during The Slaughter. But if he does have Chris's ability, wouldn't he be able to sense us? Wouldn't he come to us instead of being on his own?"
"He may not know what we are," Melissa said. "If he is keeping Chris blocked, then Chris may be doing the same thing to him."
"Maybe," Cassie muttered, still not completely convinced.
"I don't understand where you're going with this," Melissa told her. "What do you think he is?"
Cassie threw her hands up impatiently as she resumed pacing. "I don't know!"
"You don't think there is something wrong with him, do you?"
Cassie frowned as she bit her bottom lip. "I… no… I don't know," she finished lamely.
They inhaled loudly as their foreheads furrowed with doubt and confusion. "No Cassie, I would have seen that," Melissa said, though her voice was hesitant and not quite as confident as normal.
"And the way he feels about you." Chris shook his head as he stepped away from the tree. "No. No one can feel that strongly about someone if there's something wrong with them. What he feels is very pure and it's… well I have never felt anything like it before. I know I've never felt that way about anyone. It's amazing Cassie, and it's the only thing that gets through."
Tears burned her eyes again. "Really?" she breathed.
He gave her a lopsided grin as his shaggy hair fell into one of his sapphire eyes. "Would I lie to you?"
She managed a wan smile. Though they'd managed to ease some of her concerns, she couldn't quite shake all of her doubts. There were just so many things she didn't know. She desperately hoped he would come to her room again tonight. Maybe if she talked to him she would feel better about this whole situation.
A flash of movement amongst the trees caught her attention. Her head shot to the left as she searched the shadowed woods. Though Luther hadn't thought it was a good idea to come out here tonight, they'd insisted upon it. Some of the stories in the paper had led Luther to believe there was also a young vampire on the Cape again. Two bodies had been found, mauled with little or no blood left in their system. It had taken a lot of persuasion, but Luther had finally conceded to let them come to the cemetery in the hopes it would roam this way.
"It's out there," she whispered.
"Is it The Elder?" Luther demanded.
Cassie shook her head as Chris answered him. "No."
Another flash turned Cassie to the left. She braced her legs and set her shoulders as she prepared for the imminent attack. It didn't matter they outnumbered the creature; it would still come for them thinking they were a buffet of easy targets.
Leaves from the wood line exploded outward and scattered across the grass of the cemetery. The creature rushed them in a blur of motion that would have been imperceptible to the human eye, but Cassie picked up on it instantly. She braced herself, twisting her stake within her grasp as she bounced on her heels in preparation.
Though her thoughts had been focused on Devon during training, years of training took over as adrenaline and anticipation coursed through her veins. The monster ran in a heedless charge for Chris first. Chris turned and dodged the creature at the last second. Swinging out, Chris caught hold of him as he slammed a fist into the creature's shoulder. The young vampire, a man, grunted loudly as he staggered forward beneath the force of Chris's blow. Though he was off balance and caught by surprise, he was still hungry and volatile.
His reddened eyes latched on Cassie, his lips pulled back in a sneer as he caught scent of what he thought would be the easier prey. Cassie grinned invitingly and waved her fingers at him. She welcomed the fight, she needed to rid herself of her pent up, frustrated energy. The creature snarled as it lunged at her with its hands curled into claws as it aimed for her neck. A small chuckle escaped her; the young vamp was stupid that was for sure. It didn't stop to think it might be outnumbered and a retreat should be considered. Instead, all it could think about was blood and feeding, and destroying life.
It launched itself at her with its hands outstretched as it looked to devour her. Thrusting her hand up, she used the palm of her hand to smash upward. His head cracked back, his blood red eyes rolled back in his head as his teeth bit into his chin. Blood spilled down his chin, but it didn't slow him down. Seizing hold of her, his hands painfully dug into her upper arms as he dragged her forward.
She didn't panic, didn't even feel a spurt of apprehension as his lips pulled back. His fetid breath washed over her, causing her gag reflex to react instantly. Lifting her leg, she slammed her knee into his groin. He howled as he bent over and grabbed the now offended center of his manhood. Fisting her hands, she drove them into his back knocking him to his knees.
The attack was so fast Chris, Melissa, and Luther hadn't had a chance to react. Now they moved swiftly, converging on the creature trying to get up. He stumbled to his feet, but Chris got to him first. Driving the stake deep into its back, the creature grunted in surprise as Chris twisted it in.
Cassie tried to turn off her guilt as the creature mewled. It's now brown eyes pleaded for mercy as they met hers, but it was already too late, and no mercy could be given in this situation. Remorse filled her as the young man released another low moan before collapsing before them. She shouldn't feel sorry; he would have killed her if he'd had the chance. It was survival of the fittest after all, and luckily this time they'd been the fittest.
But as they moved the body into the woods she couldn't stop herself from thinking that before he'd become a monster, he'd been someone's son, possibly someone's brother or husband. She couldn't stand to think about the suffering his family had gone through. Couldn't stand to think about what the man had probably suffered before he'd been killed the first time.
Cassie inhaled a shaky breath as she tried to rid herself of the lingering thoughts of his pleading gaze. She could never allow herself to glimpse the man behind the monster again. She couldn't do this anymore if she was unable to separate the two. She needed to see Devon, even if he couldn't know about this aspect of her life he could help to ease the choking loneliness and guilt she constantly dealt with.
A chill shot down her spine, the hair on the nape of her neck and arms stood on end. Alarm and disbelief crossed Chris and Melissa's faces as they turned toward the area where the evil suddenly seeped from. "It's out there," Chris whispered.
"Yes," Luther agreed as he stepped closer to them. "Let's go. We have to get you out of here. Now!" he barked, when none of them moved right away.
"Why doesn't it just come after us?" Cassie pondered.
"I don't know, but let's not tempt it. Come on, we have to leave now," Luther urged as he nudged Chris and Melissa forward.
Cassie studied the shadowy interior of the woods. She could make out the different elms, oaks, tupelos, and locusts, but she couldn't see anything else amongst the trees. No animals stirred, apparently even they had been scared away by the evil in their midst. "Do you see anything?" Chris inquired.
Cassie shook her head as she fisted her hands. "We have to go!" Luther hissed.
Though Cassie didn't want to turn tail and run from the monster in the woods, she found herself hurrying toward Luther's Toyota Camry. She slid into the backseat, and her gaze instantly turned back to the window. She half expected to see it standing at the window, its face twisted into a hideous scowl, ready and eager to slaughter them all.
But there was nothing there.
"It's playing with us," Chris said quietly.
Cassie was taken aback by how pale and hollow his features had suddenly become. "Chris?" she inquired worriedly.
His hand trembled as he lifted it toward her. He desperately needed to touch her, to connect with something other than the evil overwhelming his ability. He was shaking when he clasped hold of her hand and his fingers dug into hers. He looked sickly in the glow of the dashboard as he inhaled a harsh breath.
"Chris, what's wrong?" she demanded.
"Drive," he ordered in a gruff voice.
Luther jolted a little, shifted the car into drive, and slammed on the gas. Cassie was thrown against the seat, but she didn't lose her grip on Chris's quivering hand. Luther peeled down the road, kicking up a spray of dirt and rocks that rattled off the undercarriage of the car as they fishtailed. Cassie had a glimpse of headstones only inches from the car before the back wheels finally caught on the road once more.
Luther sped down the loosely graveled road at speeds far beyond what was safe, but nowhere near fast enough for Cassie. He barely hesitated before he shot onto the main road. Chris shuddered again, but his eyes cleared, and his face regained some color.
"Are you ok?" she asked.
He nodded, inhaled a shaky breath and nodded again. "Yes, yes, I'm fine."
He sounded as if he were trying to reassure himself as much as her. "What happened?"
Another tremor wracked through him and his hand tightened on hers. "It let me inside for a moment, I think, on purpose. I wasn't trying to probe it when suddenly I found myself sucked in. The pure evil…"
He broke off as his gaze flew toward the window. "It was just awful. Whatever that thing is, it's enjoying toying with us, playing with us, batting us around until it's ready to pounce." He shuddered again. "We can't abandon anyone," he whispered.
"And we're not going to," Cassie assured him as she tried to ignore the pain his grip was causing her.
"It's playing with us for now, but when it's ready, it is going to kill us. Before then though, it's going to wreak a lot of havoc on this town." He turned toward her, his eyes bright in the dim interior of the car. "It is going to destroy us."
Cassie couldn't get words past the lump in her throat, but she knew Chris was right.


CHAPTER 18
"Looks like you have company."
Cassie's mouth parted at the spectacle of the sleek Challenger sitting in her driveway. Sighing in relief, she realized she'd truly feared she wouldn't see Devon tonight. But there was his car, sitting in her driveway, and he was inside doing God only knew what with her grandma. "Well, I'll be," she murmured.
Chris managed to give her a shaky smile, but it was nowhere near the normal, self-assured, cocky grin she loved. His eyes looked older, more worn and tired than she'd ever seen them. His confident aura had been replaced by a beaten one. For the first time Cassie was truly grateful she hadn't received any of the "gifts" that had been bestowed upon Chris and Melissa. "Chris…"
"I had better get going," he interrupted as he turned away from her and shut off the car.
"Are you going to come over tonight?"
He sat for a moment before shaking his head. "No, I had better stay with my mom. She may need my protection."
Cassie glanced at his house. All the lights were on, music and loud laughter poured from the open windows. There were five cars in the drive that Cassie didn't recognize. These were the nights Chris always fled to her room.
"Did you tell her what was going on?"
He shrugged absently. "Yes, but you know her, there isn't anything she can't drink away."
"Chris…"
"Go on Cassie, I'll be fine. You have company."
"After he leaves…"
The haunted look in his eyes robbed her of her breath. "I'll be ok."
Before she could say anything more, he flung the door open and climbed from the car. Cassie waited for a moment before she threw her door open and joined him in the brisk fall night. She inhaled greedy gulps of air. She couldn't rid herself of the worry that she was losing Chris.
"Chris…"
"I'll see you in the morning."
He didn't look at her as he shoved his hands in his pockets and hurried forward. Her heart broke for him as she watched him disappear into the house. Tears slid down her cheeks as she made her way to her door. She paused before going in to wipe away her tears as she valiantly tried to regain control of herself. It took her a few minutes, but eventually the tears dried up and she felt stable enough to enter.
The warm aura of the room seemed out of place with her dark mood. The wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air and Cassie's eager stomach rumbled. She was far more ravenous to see him than she was for food though. Moving through the kitchen, she eagerly followed the drifting voices coming from the dining room.
Stepping across the threshold, she was surprised to find her grandmother and Devon sitting at the dining room table. A plate of banana bread, and a deck of cards, sat between them. A lively smile lit her grandmother's pretty face as her eyes gleamed with amusement.
"Cassandra, you're home!" The vast relief in her voice caused Cassie a twinge of guilt. "Your friend stopped by."
Cassie braced herself before turning her full attention to Devon. Her heart knocked against her ribs, and her breath froze as his emerald eyes seared into her. He was sitting casually in the chair with his cards held loosely in his fine boned hand and his legs stretched before him. Though his posture was one of relaxation she could still feel the tension between them.
"Cassie." She loved the sound of his voice, the melodic flow of it. It didn't wipe away the awful events of the night, but it helped to alleviate some of the raw guilt that had taken up residence in her soul.
"I told you she'd be home before ten, that's when the library closes." Her grandma threw a card onto the table and moved some pegs on the cribbage board. "Your dinner is still warming in the oven dear, why don't you grab it while I finish beating your friend in cribbage."
He was playing her grandma in cribbage? She stared at him in disbelief as he grinned back at her. "She thinks she's going to beat me, but she's wrong."
"Oh, but I will."
Cassie shook her head and turned away. The whole night had been surreal, but this part of it seemed absolutely ludicrous. The object of her obsession was sitting at her dining room table playing cribbage with her grandmother for crying out loud! She wondered if she'd fallen asleep in the cemetery, she felt that would make more sense than this.
Though she wasn't hungry anymore, she robotically gathered the warm plate of chicken from the oven. The extra plate still sitting there, waiting for Chris, tugged at her heart. Her gaze slid to the window, but nothing had changed across the street. Turning away, she gathered silverware and napkins. She was stretching for a glass when she felt him against her. She started slightly, he'd been as soundless as a ghost, but the feel of him was instantly soothing to her raw nerves. His chest pressed against her shoulder as he stretched around her to grab two glasses from the cabinet.
Cassie instinctively melted against him as she sought his strength to wash away the ragged memories of the night. Seeming to sense her need, he brushed her hair back. His fingers caressed her neck as he kissed her temple. "How did studying go?"
She'd been so lost in his touch that the question took her by surprise. "Huh? Oh ah, fine, it was fine."
"That's good. Your grandmother would like a ginger ale."
Cassie took the glasses from him. Turning she met his heated gaze. It took all she had not to throw her arms around him, bury herself in his embrace and forget all the worries of the world. But she couldn't do it. Not with her grandmother in the next room, not with Chris across the street wounded and broken, and not with some monster hunting the innocent people of their town.
"Ok." She reluctantly moved away from him. Opening the fridge she removed the ginger ale and root beer. "Have you been here awhile?"
"Not long. I wanted to check on you after today, maybe take you for a walk."
Cassie shuddered at the thought of being outside again, exposed to that evil, vulnerable to it. "That would have been nice, little late now," she mumbled in response.
"Hm." He was studying her intently when she turned back around. Before she knew what he was doing, he plucked a blade of grass from the arm of the jacket she'd forgotten to take off and held it up before her.
"Gym," she lied poorly.
She had the feeling he didn't believe her for a second. "Didn't realize it was so cold out today," he remarked.
"I chill easily."
His smile widened as he took the glasses from her. "I'll have to keep you warm then." Cassie's mouth went dry, her toes curled at the promise in his husky words. "Come watch me whip your grandmother in cribbage."
Cassie swallowed heavily and managed a small nod. Settling down at the dining room table, her nose involuntarily wrinkled at the sight of the board. Try as she might, she'd never caught onto cribbage. Her grandma found it disappointing, as she loved the game. "Thank you Devon, very kind of you."
There was a suggestive tilt to her grandmother's eyebrows as she took her glass from him. Cassie fought against the blush creeping up her cheeks. Focusing on her plate, she picked absently at the pieces of chicken and mashed potatoes. She watched as they continued the game, trading quips and laughing as their pieces progressed around the board. Cassie didn't have the foggiest idea who was winning, but from the smile on her grandma's face she assumed it was her.
With a cry of joy, her grandma moved her peg again and leaned victoriously back in her chair. "I believe that is game."
Devon grinned back at her grandmother, Cassie's fingers itched to brush back the hair falling boyishly across his forehead. "And a very good one, I wouldn't mind a rematch some time."
"My cribbage team only plays every two weeks, and I wouldn't mind a few practice games in between myself."
Devon turned his charming grin on Cassie. "Don't you play?"
Cassie shook her head as she pushed her plate away. "Cassie has never liked cribbage," her grandma explained.
"Truly? It is a very interesting game, when played right."
Cassie wondered over his words, they sounded so grown up, so outdated. Who said truly anymore? Her fingers clenched around her glass as she tried to think of something other than the nagging suspicions lurking in her mind.
"I never really grasped it," she admitted as she searched his gaze for the answers she sought.
"Then I'll have to teach you one day. You'll enjoy it once you learn."
"I've tried, but it's not my game."
"But if you want a rousing hand of rummy, poker, or spades, Cassie is your girl," her grandma chimed in, apparently unaware of the sudden tension in the room.
"Interesting." Devon's gaze never left Cassie's. "Spades and Faro are two of my favorite games."
Her grandma perked up. "You know how to play Faro?"
Devon finally broke the stare. Cassie hadn't realized she'd stopped breathing until her lungs greedily gulped down air. "Yes, my grandfather taught me."
"How fascinating, I love Faro! Though, I know almost no one who can play it."
"I have the same problem, it's a lost game."
Cassie couldn't stop herself from speculating just how lost it was. She'd never even heard of the game before. Her gaze darted to her grandma, fear turned her stomach as she realized she may have also put her grandma's life in peril by allowing this stranger into their lives.
The thought was absolutely ludicrous, he'd never harmed her before, and he'd had plenty of opportunities to do so. He'd put himself in between her and Mark's crazed advance's today. He'd risked his own safety in order to keep her protected.
"But a very interesting, entertaining game!" her grandma said happily. "We must play sometime, I'm sure Cassie would love it. She enjoys all of the gambling games, and she's very good at them."
"I would like that. A card shark huh?" His intense, penetrating gaze swung back to Cassie. "Wonders never cease."
"Just lucky," she mumbled.
"Exceptionally lucky. If she ever hits Vegas, she'll break the place."
"Let's test that luck." Devon shuffled so swiftly through the deck Cassie barely saw the cards flashing by. "What would you like to play? Three hand spades? Seven card? Dealer's choice?"
"Dealer's choice," her grandma piped up. "I'll get the pennies."
Her grandma leapt to her feet and headed into the kitchen where she kept the jar of pennies they used when they played cards. There had been many nights when Chris would join them, and almost as many, when Luther and Melissa would come over. Those nights had become less and less over the past year, something Cassie hadn't realized until now.
A stab of guilt hit her as she realized just how distant she'd grown from her grandma. She turned toward Devon, thankful for giving her this opportunity to spend time with her grandmother again, especially now, with the circumstances being what they were. There may not be many of these nights left to share with each other.
She met his gaze, her doubts slipping away as she found herself charmed by the smile he gave her. "Are you feeling lucky tonight?" he taunted.
Her toes curled and her face flamed. She hadn't been feeling lucky at all, not until now. "Maybe," she responded with a teasing grin.
His eyes twinkled merrily. "I hope so."
Her mouth went dry, her fingers clenched at the innuendo beneath his smooth tone. "Here we are."
Her grandma happily slapped the jar of pennies down in front of Cassie. "Count them out dear, a dollar each." Cassie dove at the pennies, grateful for the distraction they offered from the man sitting beside her. "Maybe Chris would like to play with us."
Cassie shook her head; she paused counting at twenty-three to look at her grandma. "He's staying home tonight, he's tired."
A knowing, sad gleam came into her grandmother's eyes as she leaned back in her chair. "I see."
Cassie couldn't stop herself from glancing back at Devon. He was smiling at her, a promising gleam in his eyes as he leaned forward. "Get those pennies counted."
Her heart hammered with the knowledge he would return to her room tonight. She thought her head would explode from the blood rapidly pounding through it. Anticipation caused her fingers to shake as she returned to counting the copper mound before her. She had to recount them three times as she kept losing her concentration, but she was finally able to get one dollar together.
Devon took mercy on her and counted out the remaining two dollars. When he was done, he leaned back in his chair and dealt the cards out to them. "Five card stud, penny ante."
Cassie took hold of her cards, but her thoughts were not on the suits before her. She didn't think she would ever be able to concentrate on anything when he was near. After a little while Cassie found herself relaxing as she laughed and joked with them both. The horrifying events from the night weren't forgotten, but they didn't weigh as heavily on her as they had earlier in the evening. She hadn't realized how badly she needed a relaxing, easy night, until now.
They played for almost two hours, until somehow Cassie managed to win all of the pennies. Tossing in the last hand, Devon leaned forward as Cassie happily scooped up her winnings, which would be returned to the jar. "I guess you are lucky," he remarked with an impish smile.
Cassie grinned back at him. "I suppose so."
"Well kids, it is getting late, don't forget you have school tomorrow," her grandma said pointedly.
Cassie shook her head. "Subtle Grandma."
"I try dear," she replied cheerfully. "Devon it was a pleasure to meet you." She extended her hand to him and grasped hold of his. "You must come by more often. We will get everyone together to play next time. Perhaps we'll teach them Faro, maybe it will be the one game Cassie can't win."
"I doubt it." He flashed the beautiful smile Cassie was sure had melted many female hearts before, and her grandmother appeared to be no exception. "But it will be fun to see if we could beat her."
"Yes, yes it would. Goodnight kids."
Her grandma kissed her on the cheek before slipping from the room. "I suppose I should be leaving."
Cassie nodded as she licked her lips nervously. "Ok."
She followed him to the back door and anxiously stood by as he opened it. Bending low, he wrapped his hand tenderly around her neck and pressed his lips to her ear. "It will be easier if you just leave your window open for me tonight."
Cassie froze, trapped like a dear in the headlights as his words seared into her. There was no describing the feeling of longing slamming through her. She realized no matter how many doubts she had about him, her feelings for him would always win out.
She could only manage a small nod as his fingers stroked over her cheek. "See you soon." He brushed a kiss on the bridge of her nose.
He reluctantly pulled away and headed out the door. She watched him until she was sure he’d made it safely to his car. She wished she could go with him to make sure he arrived safely at home, or wherever he was going until he came back, but she wouldn't be able to follow him in his car. Her heart pounded, and it took all she had not to flee to her room to eagerly await his return.
Her grandmother was leaning against the doorway of the dining room with a knowing smile when Cassie came back through. "He seems like a very charming and pleasant young man."
Cassie tried to keep her face as impassive as possible while her heart pounded like a jack hammer. "Yes, he is."
There was a knowing gleam in her grandmother's bright eyes. "You seem to like him very much."
"I do," Cassie admitted.
She stepped away from the doorway, moving with brisk agility as she came forward to clasp hold of Cassie's hands. "I'm glad for you dear, but you must be careful."
"I know grandma, I am being careful, I promise."
"I'm not talking about out there dear." She nodded toward the windows. Slipping her hands free she pointed to Cassie's chest. "I'm talking about in here."
Cassie swallowed heavily, knowing that it was already too late to be careful with her heart. It was no longer hers to be careful with. "I will," she said hesitatingly.
Dropping a kiss on her grandmother's cheek, she forced herself not to run as she quickly left the room. Her heart pounded with every step. Arriving at her doorway, she froze, and her legs locked in place. Devon was already standing by her window, with his arms folded over his chest as he casually leaned against the sill. He studied her with a predatory gleam in his eyes that caused her throat to go dry and butterflies to flutter through her stomach.
She didn't know how he'd gotten there so fast, nor did she care. She was just glad he was there. His muscles rippled mouthwateringly as he dropped his arms and stepped away from the window. Her heart pounded as she closed the door and made her way to him.
His arms enveloped her as he pulled her against him. She clung to him as hands entwined in her hair and he cradled her head against his shoulder. "Cassandra." He sounded like a starving man who had just been given a meal. She was more than willing to be that meal.


CHAPTER 19
Devon was standing by the window when she woke early the next morning. The sky was still dark, but the stars had blinked out and the moon had disappeared. Though she didn't make a sound upon waking, he turned toward her. A smile played over his full mouth, but his eyes remained distant.
Frowning, Cassie tossed back her blankets and climbed to her feet. She was surprised to realize she'd fallen asleep with her clothes on. The hardwood was cool against her bare feet as she silently padded over to him. His arm wrapped around her waist, as he pulled her against his side.
"Anything out there?" She tried to sound carefree but failed miserably.
"Just a few early birds." He briefly nuzzled her hair before kissing her temple and straightened from her.
Cassie studied the early morning as it lightened to pink, and a few birds began to chirp. She could see nothing wrong with the morning or sense any evil out there. His muscles rippled beneath her touch as her fingers entangled in the soft cotton of his shirt.
They watched as the sun rose over the horizon and the sky flamed with a brilliant array of colors. It was one of the most serene moments of her life. The glow played over his magnificent face, highlighting the rugged planes of it and illuminating his stunning eyes.
His lips brushed briefly over hers. A firestorm of emotion crashed over her like waves on the sand before he pulled away. "I'll see you at school."
Cassie managed a quick nod, as he briefly kissed her again and reluctantly released her. With startling grace he grasped hold of the tree limb and rapidly swung himself down. Cassie watched in awe as he leapt from the tree, still ten feet from the ground, and landed on the ground effortlessly.
***
Devon put his car into park, and studied the students gathered by what had become his parking spot. They were mostly female, but there were a few boys who had followed the girls. Devon ignored them as he threw the door open and climbed out. He found Cassie instantly among the crowd; her aura was like a homing beacon he couldn't ignore. She radiated a life force that lit her from the inside out, caused her fair skin to glow and her exquisite eyes to gleam in the morning sun.
The tightness constricting his chest since he'd left her, relaxed. In all of his many years, he'd never felt this way about someone before. He understood Annabelle's unwavering devotion better now, understood he never could have been what she'd desired. Understood what it was to need someone as badly as Annabelle had needed Liam and it terrified him.
"Devon, I'm so glad you're here! I wanted to talk to you about your nomination." Marcy's pretty face lit with an eager smile as she stepped in front of him. Though she was as annoying as a gnat, he managed to offer her a smile in return. "I think you're going to win, and since there's a good possibility I’ll be queen, I think we should coordinate our outfits, or maybe go together."
He wasn't at all surprised by her brazenness, or that she wouldn't accept his refusal of her. He'd come across more than a few women like her in his long lifetime. "I don't think so Marcy." He moved to walk around her, but she sidestepped quickly.
"Well why not?" She planted her hands on her hips as her delicate brow furrowed angrily.
"Because I will be taking Cassie to the dance."
"After what happened yesterday?"
His brows knit together as he frowned at her. "What happened yesterday?"
"With Mark Young," she reminded him impatiently. "It was awful. I can't believe she led him on so badly. I always liked Cassandra, but I never realized what an awful person she is. I mean…"
"Enough!" he cut in harshly as he looked toward Cassie. Though she was well out of hearing range, she was frowning and her forehead was creased. He turned his attention back to Marcy as he struggled to control his annoyance at the girl. "Yesterday was not her fault, and I don't want to hear one bad word you have to say about her. Ever!"
He quickly moved around her. Cassie watched him warily as he approached, her smile had vanished. "What was that about?" Melissa nodded toward where Marcy still stood with her mouth agape.
"Nothing."
The last thing he wanted was for Cassie to know anything Marcy had said. Though Melissa didn't look appeased, she didn't press him farther. There was a bruised look in Cassie's eyes as she gazed at him. He glanced back at where Marcy stood, about fifty feet away. A group of girls had gathered around to console her. He could hear what they were saying, and didn't like it, there was no way Cassie could hear them above the noise of the other students or the radios. No human could.
She must have assumed they were talking about her. That had to be it, he decided. Otherwise, if she could hear them, then that would make her something… Well, it would make her something other than human.
Devon studied her carefully, trying to decipher the mystery she suddenly offered. She was most certainly not a vampire, he would have known that instantly, and she wouldn't be here. Not in broad daylight, and not with a bunch of high school students. He was the exception to the rule, on both counts, for the most part. He also would have smelled it on her, would have sensed it in her blood.
No, she was definitely not one of his kind. But then, what was she? She couldn't be a Hunter, he'd heard they'd all been killed off, and he suspected he would have sensed that in her too. But if she'd heard his conversation…
The thought trailed off in the face of her distress. He pulled her close in an attempt to ease her sorrow. She had to be human, that was all she could be. He was making far more of it then he should.
Glancing around the car, he was surprised to realize it was only Chris and Melissa standing with her. Usually there was a crowd gathered around, mostly males, causing a raucous as they humiliated themselves while vying for her attention. Today, there was an exaggerated berth around them as glances and whispers were cast Cassie's way. Even with him over here, the girls didn't approach.
"I have become a pariah," she said as she gave him a wan smile.
He glanced back at the crowds gathered together; he tried hard, but was unable to ignore the whispers directed her way. Somehow, what happened in the cafeteria yesterday had been twisted, and turned against her. He didn't know how it had happened, he wasn't entirely sure how the minds of teenagers worked, but somehow they had cast her into the role of villain, and they were keeping her there. He thought it was partly due to jealousy on behalf of the girls, and resentment on behalf of the boys, but he also knew he played a large role in it.
Due to what he was, he was like a Venus flytrap enticing its prey, moments before snagging it and draining the life from it. Though he didn't kill anymore, the powerful lure was unable to be turned off. His inherent magnetism had pulled in a good amount of the female population in town and caused resentment toward Cassie to fester.
The boys didn't like that she'd rebuked them all, disdaining their advances over and over, and then accepting his. Their pride had been bruised, their ego's bashed, and they were not happy about it. Though many of them had never liked him, they'd also turned on her now. He didn't care what they thought of him, but she didn't deserve their disdain and spite.
He fought the urge to take her from here and shelter her from the inane cruelty of the foolish human race, but he knew he couldn't do that. His life wasn't tied up in these people, and this school, but hers was. She had to live out this part of her life, had to fulfill her dreams and her hopes, and her future.
"Ridiculous," Chris muttered.
Devon glanced over at Chris as he pulled Cassie a step closer to his side. Chris's eyes seemed far older than they had yesterday as he met Devon's gaze over the top of the car. He didn't know what had happened to Chris between yesterday and today to cause such a change, but it had to be something worse than what was going on with the student body surrounding them now.
Cassie shrugged, her fingers curled into his back. "It's alright. Let them believe what they will."
Melissa bent into the car to grab her backpack. "They're a bunch of jealous idiots Cass."
Cassie bit into her bottom lip as she managed a brief nod. "Well, I didn't aspire to be homecoming queen anyway."
"We know."
Cassie and Melissa exchanged a small smile before Cassie turned to look up at him, with a teasing gleam in her eyes. "I won't make you coordinate, but you probably will win king."
Devon started in surprise and his hands tightened around her. He glanced back to where Marcy still stood and tuned his ears in order to hear what they were saying. He had to sort through all of the background noise before pinpointing the exact conversation. It took him only a second to do this, but no human ever could.
She could not have heard that conversation, it was impossible; it was only a coincidence she'd mocked Marcy's statement.
"Marcy always did want it though," Melissa said.
"Yeah," Chris agreed.
"Now she has it. Good for her, she'll do better with it than I would." Cassie uncurled her hand from his waistband as the bell echoed throughout the parking lot. "Time for school."
He gathered her books from the roof of the car and tucked them under his arm as he led her into the large brick building. Students stopped to watch and whisper as they passed. Melissa's shoulders were thrown back proudly as her dark eyes raked over the worst offenders. Many of them shrank from her scathing glare.
Cassie kept her chin thrust forward in defiance. She stared straight ahead, not bothering to look at anyone else. If it weren't for her death grip on his hand, he would have thought none of this affected her at all. But her constricting hold, and the small tremor he felt, told him she was upset by the cold hostility of her classmates.
It took all he had not to destroy every one of them.
***
Cassie walked woodenly through the cafeteria. She tried to ignore the whispers and comments following her, but most people weren't discreet. She knew every one of them intended for her to hear what they had to say, and none of it was good.
She'd been called every name in the book today, a few of which she'd never even heard of before. Titters and whispers preceded, and followed, everywhere she went. Though she tried to play it off as if it didn't bother her, inside she was a mass of raw nerve endings. She'd never been hated before and had never expected to be hated. Disliked, maybe, but not hated.
And she was hated. It beat against her in waves that made her stomach turn, and her body ache. She hadn't thought people could turn against someone so quickly. She didn't know what she'd done wrong, Mark had attacked her. She'd done nothing to merit this treatment, and because of that she was swinging between turbulent bouts of anger, and trying not to cry as she worked hard to keep up a nonchalant appearance.
Her hands trembled, and she had to take a calming breath in order to steady her tray. She was greatly relieved Chris was already at their table, which not surprisingly, was empty. Dropping her tray on the table, she slid into the seat beside him. His tray was loaded with mounds of food he hadn't touched yet, which was highly unusual for him.
"You look exhausted," he remarked.
"Rough day," she muttered as she shoved the tray away from her. She wasn't in the least bit hungry; other than habit she didn't know why she'd bothered to stand in line.
"And these are the people you want to stay and protect."
Her eyes widened at the cynicism in his voice. "Chris." The bleak look in his eyes was almost more than she could bear. "They need us," she finished lamely.
"And they're showing you that now."
"Chris, you wanted to stay too."
"That was before."
"Before what?"
"Before I saw into what is out there, before I saw into a soul of pure malice and deviance. Before all these people turned against you like a pack of hungry hyenas."
She was stunned breathless for a moment, and she found herself unable to move. "You think we should leave?" she managed to choke out.
His relentless gaze scanned the cafeteria one more time. Finally, his shoulders slumped as he shook his head. "No. I don't understand what is going on with everyone, but we have to protect them. I know, I'm just aggravated with these idiots." He turned back to her and clasped her hand. His action caused the buzz in the cafeteria to increase to a dull roar. "I also caught a glimpse of what that monster is out there Cass, and all it wants is to play with us, torture us, and then kill us. There is no stopping that kind of determination."
She could feel the fear running through him. What he'd seen last night had permeated his bones and seeped into his soul. She held his hand firmly as she tried to give him strength to ease the anguish he radiated.
"We can," she said more firmly than she actually felt. "Together, we can do anything Chris. We've survived so much, we can, we will, survive this."
"When did you become the optimistic one?" His smile was weak, but she saw an easing in his eyes that relaxed her.
"How many men is she going to have?"
Cassie turned at the nasty hiss and her gaze locked with Marcy's. Deliberately, defiantly, she lifted Chris's hand and squeezed it harder. She tried to control the anger humming through her body as she focused on Chris again.
"Sure you want to stick around?" Chris's eyebrows were raised inquisitively, and a teasing gleam reappeared in his sapphire eyes. No matter how awful this day had been for her, the gleam in his eyes made it all worth it.
"I'm sure," Cassie replied.
"Jerks," Melissa muttered as she slammed her tray on the table. "Bunch of idiotic, useless, jerks!"
Cassie and Chris grinned at each other before turning toward Melissa. Her jaw was clenched and her eyes spit black fire as she glared around the cafeteria. "Tell us how you really feel," Chris said and issued the first laugh Cassie had heard from him all day.
Cassie chuckled along with him and squeezed his hand. He was going to be all right, she believed that now. Whatever he'd experienced last night had rattled him greatly, but his spirit was too strong to be beaten down for long. Devon appeared behind her and rested his hands on her shoulders. She turned toward him as he bent over her and brushed a quick kiss against her cheek.
His eyes darted to the hand entwined with Chris's on top of the table. Cassie wasn't sure how Devon would handle her connection with Chris. He knew they were friends, but he probably didn't realize just how good of friends they were, or how strong the bond between them was. It was something he would have to get used to though, if he was going to be a part of her life.
"Trying to steal my girl?" His tone was far more jovial than Cassie had expected from him.
Chris grinned back at him as he shook back his shaggy blond hair. "No worries there, she's too much of a pain in the ass for my liking."
Cassie shot him a look as he released her hand. He grinned back at her before eagerly pulling his tray over to attack his tuna fish sandwich. Devon chuckled as he slid into the seat beside her and turned sideways to face her. A dull flush of excitement crept through her as he leaned toward her and his closeness caused her body to heat.
"How are you doing?" he asked as he massaged the back of her neck.
It took her a few moments to answer as the thump of her heart made speaking difficult. "Fine," she murmured.
She was surprised to realize that with Chris's smile, Melissa's unwavering loyalty, and his solid presence, she was fine. Nothing else mattered, not the cruel whispers, not the hatred, not even the monster lurking within their town. As long as she had these three standing beside her, she could survive anything.
She hoped.


CHAPTER 20
Cassie's stomach curdled as if she'd eaten something rotten. A ball of nausea had wedged itself into her throat and was now choking her. She leaned over the counter, breathing heavily, as her gaze remained riveted upon the large headline before her.
THIRTEENTH PERSON REPORTED MISSING FROM HYANNIS.
Her blood pumped heavily in her veins as she read the article. The woman had gone missing from a bar on Main Street; no one had seen her since. And they probably wouldn't again, Cassie realized with a sinking sensation in her stomach.
It was smart, whatever was out there and it was definitely covering its tracks. And it was their fault it was still out there killing, destroying innocent people, and their families. It was her, Chris, and Melissa's responsibility as Hunter's to protect the innocent, and they were failing. Thirteen was far too many people, and these were only the ones who had been reported, dead or alive. There were probably many others who had gone unreported, who had no one out there to love and miss them.
Her hands shook as she closed the paper and stared out the window. The sunlight was completely out of place with the emotions rolling through her. It should be dark out, cold, foreboding. It should match the hollow chill she felt from head to toe.
Taking a step away from the counter, she started to leave the room when something about the article clicked into her mind. Slowly turning back, her throat went dry and her heart seemed to stop beating as her legs suddenly became weak. She grasped hold of the counter before she fell to the ground.
She inhaled great, heaping gulps of air in an attempt to ease the shaking wracking her bones. She was trembling so hard her teeth rattled in her head. Taking another deep breath, she used the counter to support her as she sluggishly moved back to the island where she'd left the paper.
Releasing the counter, she stumbled to the island. She was nearly hyperventilating as she grasped hold of the paper and pulled it close. She was shaking so badly she could barely get the pages open. Her gaze rested on the date of the first disappearance. September fifteenth, Megan Keller, twenty-two, had vanished from a park in Sandwich.
Cassie slid to the floor with the paper pressed to her chest. The wrinkled pages crinkled loudly as her fingers curled into it. Devon had arrived on the thirteenth. He had strolled into her life two days before the disappearances started.
Her mind began tripping over everything she'd been trying to deny. Little pieces of the puzzle she'd always had, but hadn't been willing to assemble, began to rapidly fall into place. Devon's speed and agility, the strength he exhibited when he lifted Mark easily, effortlessly, off the ground. She thought over the way he spoke, it was so old and elegant, so outdated. He knew the card game faro, a game no one knew anymore.
Though the puzzle horrified her, once the pieces began slipping together, she couldn't stop them from assembling the picture. Melissa had seen nothing about Devon, other than his arrival, and Chris couldn't read him. Both of which could be explained by the power that radiated from him, far more power than a human would possess. She was beginning to believe it was more power than she possessed.
Closing her eyes she tried to stop the images tumbling together, but they were relentless. He was always somewhat colder than normal, that could be explained by the weather, or bad circulation, but neither of those explanations seemed right to her now.
She had been irresistibly attracted to him, pulled to him like a magnet to metal from the very beginning. All of the girls were drawn to him, so much so they'd turned against her in the hopes they would get him. She'd known all along that her attraction to him was something most people didn't experience, but she'd chosen to ignore that fact in order to be with him.
As the last pieces of the puzzle slid into place, Cassie's breath locked in her chest. Every single one of those pieces, every single one of those oddities, was traits of a vampire. Now that the puzzle was in place, she fully realized it was a jigsaw straight from hell.
He'd sensed the evil in the woods, but what if he was that evil? What if he'd let his guard down and allowed the evil inside him to slip free and permeate the air? 'It's playing with us,' Chris had said. 'Playing games with us, before killing us.' What better way to play games with her than to make her fall in love with him, before he tried to kill her?
Tears streamed down Cassie's face as she tried to inhale heaping gulps of air. She focused on the window and the daylight beyond. Her forehead furrowed in confusion as she considered one piece of the puzzle that didn't quite fit. Devon walked about in the day, unaffected by the sun. She'd never known a vampire to do that before, it was impossible.
The day was for humans, their time to be safe, and not to have to worry about the monsters lurking in the shadows.
Hope briefly ballooned inside her, and then promptly deflated as she recalled Luther's words. 'We do not know what an Elder could be capable of. The powers that they might possess.'
One of those powers could actually be the ability to stroll about in broad daylight, a monster among humans. If Devon was an Elder, then he was more than just a normal vampire, he was one of the most powerful creatures on Earth. He also would have been one of the ones to help mastermind the destruction of her parents, one of the ones who had helped to eradicate her race.
Her heart was shattering into a million pieces as her world crumbled around her. He breathed, she thought desperately. She had felt him breathe, but what if he only pretended to breathe in her presence? She tried to recall if she had felt the beat of his heart, but try as she might she couldn't remember ever feeling the reassuring beat of life within his chest.
She tried to convince herself she was wrong, but though she tried to hide behind a wall of denial, she couldn't, not anymore. Her mind, her soul, knew she was right.
He wasn’t a Hunter. He wasn’t a human with special abilities.
He was the monster. He was the one hunting them, stalking them, playing and toying with them, and he'd been very good at it. She'd allowed him into her soul, and the entire time he'd been playing with her, plotting her death, and the murder of the ones she loved.
The past two nights, when he'd held her tenderly and made her feel safe had all been a part of his game. He was good at it, excellent even; she had to give him that much, as he'd succeeded in crushing her. She was an empty shell of the person she'd been before he came along.
And yet, she was somehow stronger. She wouldn't let him win. He may have broken her heart, but he wouldn't harm anyone else. He would not take her loved ones from her.
Wiping the tears from her eyes, Cassie placed her hands on the floor and shoved herself up. She couldn't sit here and cry. She didn't have time for that. She stood for a moment feeling numb as she tried to get her bearings. Then, like a phoenix rising from the ashes blazing fury burned away the last of the devastating hurt. He may have destroyed her, but she was also going to destroy him.
She forcefully strode from the kitchen and pounded up the stairs to gather her weapons. She was tired of running, tired of hiding, and very tired of being frightened. It was time to take a stand. It was time to do some hunting, instead of being the hunted for a change.
***
Devon was completely motionless on the tree branch as he tuned all of his senses to the night. It was the exact same thing he'd been doing every night for the past week while Cassie was occupied with studying, or at Melissa's. Probing with his mind, he sorted through the few brain waves close enough for him to pick up in the area. It was one of his talents, the ability to sift through people's minds in order to pinpoint the one he sought. He could then latch onto them and track them down.
He could pick up Cassie's mind from miles away; it was as brilliant and as welcoming as the sun to him. Whenever he came out here, he had to shut his mind off of Cassie; otherwise he would be distracted from his pursuit.
Tuning his senses to the night, he strained to feel anything out there, to find anything out there. Then, for the first time, he picked up on a small flicker of distant power in the night. A power he recognized as belonging to the one he sought.
Slipping from the tree, he moved through the woods far faster than any cheetah would have. Leaping over fallen logs, and effortlessly dodging branches, he whizzed through the trees as he hunted his adversary.
Devon broke out of the woods, and into the cemetery. He jumped stones and tombs with smooth, easy leaps. Whatever he was pursuing wasn't as fast as he was, not as fleet in its retreat. He poured on the speed, becoming nearly a blur as he reentered the woods in pursuit of his prey. Excitement and bloodlust pounded through him. It had been so long since he'd pursued any real challenge or kill. Animals didn't amount to the same thrill as a human, or another vampire.
A girl's scream pierced the night and echoed loudly through the tress. Devon realized too late that the creature hadn't been fleeing from him, but had been hunting its own prey.
***
Cassie had just stepped out of Luther's car when the terrified scream reverberated off of the headstones. Chris and Melissa froze in mid-step as their mouths parted in surprise. "It's out there," Chris said as the scream faded away.
"Let's go."
Cassie took a step forward, but Luther halted her by grabbing hold of her arm. "Wait."
Her hands fisted as she spun on him. "We have to stop him!"
Luther's eyes narrowed on her. "Him?"
She instantly realized her mistake, they had always referred to the monster as it. Cassie glared at him fiercely, she didn't have time to explain her newfound knowledge, and she didn't want them to try and dissuade her from what she knew. She was right, she had no doubt Devon was in those woods. Just as she had no doubt she would be the one to take him out. She would do anything to keep the people surrounding her safe.
Cassie ripped her arm away from Luther as she spun toward the woods. Her blood was boiling from the fury pulsating through her; she knew she was reckless right now, but she couldn't bring herself to care. Her gaze rapidly scanned the forest as she tried to pinpoint where the scream had come from. Another bloodcurdling scream shot through the air. Her heart leapt wildly in her chest; she'd never heard anyone make a sound like that before.
And it was entirely her fault.
Her love for Devon had completely blinded her to the knowledge he was a monster. Her stupidity and ignorance had allowed him to continue to kill. "Come on," she said briskly.
"Wait!" Luther commanded as he seized her once more. "Melissa."
Melissa had gone completely still, her eyes were distant and her face had gone slack and pale. Cassie sighed impatiently; it was a hell of a time to receive a premonition, especially one of the ones that took her over completely. Melissa suddenly gasped, she grasped hold of her stomach as she bent over. Chris seized Melissa's heaving shoulders as she choked and panted for air.
Another scream echoed throughout, but this one was far weaker than before. Whoever was out there was dying, and Cassie wasn't about to let that happen. Tearing her arm away from Luther again, she spun on her heel and sprinted forward. It didn't matter Chris and Melissa weren't with her, she would put a stop to this on her own.
Cassie's long legs rapidly carried her across the ground. She didn't bother dodging the headstones but vaulted over them. Reaching the woods, she used her hands to deflect the branches and twigs slapping at her as she raced forward.
"Cassie, noooo!" Melissa's shrill scream followed her into the forest, but didn't slow her down.


CHAPTER 21
Devon burst into the clearing. His heightened senses, and the adrenaline pounding through him, allowed him to take in all of the details at once. The first thing he recognized was the young woman in the arms of the monster.
The second was the monster itself.
Dirt and leaves kicked up beneath him as he skidded to a halt. Shock slammed into him as he gazed into the familiar red eyes of his prey, but shock quickly gave way to intense anger. This was a fight he was more than prepared for, and one that was well over a hundred years in the making. "Let her go!" he snarled.
Julian had lifted his head from Marcy's neck when Devon appeared, but he hadn't released her. A merciless smile curved his blood stained lips as a dark eyebrow quirked with amusement. "Well, if it isn't the prodigal sire," he purred. "I was hoping we would finally run into each other again."
Tension thrummed through him as he took a step closer. "I didn't create you Julian," he growled.
"You may not have created me, but you helped to mold me into the best vampire I could possibly be. You taught me the thrill of the hunt, the pleasure of the kill."
Devon's teeth ground together as he glared at the man across from him. Julian was a monster who wreaked havoc upon unsuspecting innocents with the same joy and pleasure Devon had once taken in it. Though the two of them had been good friends, and nearly inseparable for over three hundred years, Julian was now one of his greatest enemies. "What are you doing here Julian?" Devon spat.
Julian leisurely licked the blood from his lips; a low groan of pleasure escaped him as he savored the taste of it. Devon's eyes latched onto the blood, and for a moment he could clearly recall how fulfilling and thrilling human blood was. He could almost taste it upon his lips, almost feel it sliding down his throat, and the ecstatic rush of its power as it filled his cells.
He struggled to retain control of his thirst; the blood was a distraction that would get him killed. Devon would be a fine trophy to add to Julian's collection of victims. Not to mention most of the vampire race considered Devon a traitor, and would far prefer him dead.
Julian's eyes gradually turned back to their original shade of ice blue. Around the black pupils of his eyes was a strange band of vivid, almost white blue color. "Same thing as you I assume, I was drawn by the power. Except, unlike you, I will make use of that power, take advantage of it; savor it."
Devon scowled at him as they began to circle one another. Marcy was still held loosely in Julian's arms as he negligently dragged her body along with him. Devon could just barely make out the faint beat of her fluttering heart. "There is no power here."
Julian's fangs gleamed in the dim radiance of the moon as he grinned at him. "Oh you silly silly fool. Are you really that blind?"
Devon didn't like being toyed with, especially not by Julian. He was the one who had taught Julian, the one who had molded him; he wasn't going to be taunted by him. "Don't mess with me Julian," he snarled.
Julian quirked a black eyebrow. "I would never," he replied, his voice cheerful and lilting as they continued to circle. "I am simply pointing out what you have missed."
"And what would that be?"
Julian's eyes momentarily flashed red. "Three little treats just so plump and ripe for the taking. Especially the blond, that sweet, delicious blond you've been cozying up to at night. I give you credit, to be so close to such a temptation and not taste it. I could never be so restrained."
For a brief moment a red haze clouded his vision, as his protective urges drowned out the rest of Julian's words. He didn't understand what the hell Julian was talking about, but he didn't want him anywhere near Cassie, or remotely thinking about her.
"You stay away from her, or I'll rip your damn throat out!" His fangs elongated at the mere thought of Julian getting close to her.
Julian's white blond hair fell into one of his ice cold eyes as he tilted his head. "Temper, temper," he taunted. "We've shared before, we can share again."
"I'll kill you first!"
Julian's lip curled in a contemptuous sneer as his ice eyes raked over Devon. "You truly have changed Devon; you're such a disappointment, turning against your nature, your own kind!"
Devon was trying hard to keep himself under control. He couldn't let Julian bait him into losing his temper. "You will die before you ever touch her."
"And if she kills you first?" Devon blinked in surprise, unsure what Julian meant by his statement. "You truly don't get it, you stupid fool! Could it be that Devon, the master of death, destruction, and torture has been blinded by love?"
"I haven't been any of those things in a very long time Julian!" Devon hissed. "It's time for you to leave, you're not welcome here."
Julian laughed coldly and shook back his tussled hair. "I'm not leaving until I get a taste of that treat Devon," he purred. "Maybe I'll keep her for myself, she is a beauty."
The very thought of anyone touching Cassie, of turning her, of taking her for themselves was enough to bring the bloodlust back to life. Julian tossed Marcy aside as Devon sprang forward. They collided with the force of two Mac trucks. The sound of their attack rumbled through the forest and their growls echoed through the air. Devon slammed his fist into the underside of Julian's jaw, and snapped his head back forcefully. Julian spat with fury as his claws raked across Devon's chest. He didn't feel the pain as Julian flayed his shirt and skin open. Seizing hold of Julian's shoulders, Devon picked him easily off the ground. Spinning around, he used his full strength to heave Julian into the air.
Julian flew backward, his face mutated and furious as he sailed across the clearing. Slamming into the top of an ancient oak, the force of his impact shattered the top of the tree. Julian fell over the back of the tree and disappeared into the darkness of the woods. Satisfaction spurted through Devon as he braced himself for Julian to renew his attack.
His satisfaction was quickly doused as a cold chill crept down his back and his eyes landed upon Cassie. She was standing at the edge of the clearing, her hands fisted at her sides, and her shoulders thrust back proudly. Her hair was a golden beacon against the dark night as it cascaded around her.
Confusion tore through him as he met her ferocious gaze. He knew what he looked like now, knew he was ugly and twisted into something she would barely recognize. At the sight of the monster inside him she should have been fleeing like any sane person would do. Instead, she stood there unflinchingly.
His gaze darted to her fisted hands and the stake clenched in her right hand. He stood for a moment, trying to deny what was before him, trying not to recognize the truth that was slapping him in the face, but it was impossible. He was rocked with the awful realization of what Julian had been taunting him about, and what had drawn Julian here. What had more than likely drawn him here, though he'd been too blinded by his feelings for her to realize the truth.
Now everything made sense. Now he knew why her and her friends had seemed so odd and different to him. He knew exactly who and what she was now.
His enemy.
***
Cassie ducked and covered her head as shards of bark and branches rained down around her. It seemed like forever, but was probably only moments before the debris stopped falling. She slowly uncurled and rose to her full height. Betrayal twisted through her as her gaze found Devon across the clearing. His teeth were so long and sharp they cut into his full bottom lip. The same lip that had kissed her so reverently now had blood seeping from it. The magnificent face she'd come to love so dearly was now twisted into that of a monster. Twisted into the face of the one thing she hated most and had been born to destroy.
Though she had already expected this betrayal, had already known what she would find here, to see it so closely was like a knife to the chest. The red in his eyes vanished as the beautiful green of them blazed to life once more. She saw the confusion in his gaze, but also the realization, the dawning comprehension of what she'd come here to do.
"Cassie."
He breathed her name. He sounded so surprised; he looked so surprised. If he'd known who she was all along, and had been toying with them, then shouldn't he be expecting her to show up to stop him eventually? She was completely confused, for a moment she was disarmed by the speculation in his eyes.
Then her gaze flickered to the body just feet away from him. Marcy lay curled on her side, her coffee colored hair gleamed in the moonlight. Her eyes flew back to his. "You bastard!" she spat. "You murdering bastard!"
She took a step toward him, determined to ignore the guilt and agony slithering through her like a poisonous snake. It was a snake that would only hinder her movements if she acknowledged it for too long. The negligent look he gave Marcy only served to infuriate her more.
"I can explain this. Look out!" he shouted at her.
The terror in his voice rattled and unsettled her. She caught a brief glimpse of Devon lurching forward as she swung toward where he was looking. Her heart lurched as someone, no something, swiftly moved from behind the splintered tree. She'd been so upset and infuriated with Devon, she hadn't taken the time to think about what had caused the shattering of the giant oak. It was now coming at her like a bat out of hell. She had only a brief glimpse of ice cold eyes and white blond hair before it was upon her.
"Delectable."
The word was hissed at her, the malevolence behind it caused nausea to twist in her stomach. She was overcome by the same evil she'd felt at the beach, B's and S's, and then the cemetery. With an awful, crushing sensation descending upon her, she realized only too late she'd been completely wrong. Devon may be a vampire, but this was the real monster.
This was the creature who was determined to destroy her and her loved ones.
Instinct took over, all of her training blazed to life as his face twisted into a vicious snarl. His teeth tore into his bottom lip as they lengthened to deadly, sharp points. She turned at the last second and ducked as he lashed out at her. A shrill cry escaped as his fingers snagged hold of her hair and he pulled her back. Cassie flung herself at him and forcefully threw her head back. She was rewarded with the satisfying crunch of his nose from the force of being hit by her skull.
Stars momentarily swam before her eyes, and her vision blurred, but his grip loosened. Relief filled her as she fell away from him and tumbled toward the ground in what felt like slow motion. She had a brief glimpse of Devon, charging across the clearing with a look of fury on his face that caused her blood to run cold.
It seemed as if she were tumbling into a bottomless abyss. She was just inches from the ground, inches from safety, when she felt it.
Horror boiled through her as her heart skipped a beat. Her entire body stiffened against the agony exploding through her. The monster had grabbed for her again, but this time he missed her hair and his fingers swung further down. His nails tore into her, spilling her blood as they sliced deep into her neck.
She landed painfully upon her hip as she rolled away. Disbelief and panic filled her as she fumbled at the vicious gash in her throat. Blood pooled over her fingers, coursed down her arm, and dripped soundlessly to the ground. Devon skidded to a halt near her; astonishment filled his eyes as they met hers.
And then the beautiful emerald of his eyes became a violent shade of red as his hunger began to cloud his sanity.


CHAPTER 22
Devon froze as Cassie fell to the ground in a tumbled heap. Her hand shot up in a vain attempt to staunch the flow of blood pouring freely from the horrendous wound in her neck. It was a mortal cut, he knew that at once.
Then, the scent of her blood hit him with the force of a wrecking ball. It pushed aside his ability to reason, shoved aside all concern for her safety. The scent of her blood in the open air was the most enticing thing he'd ever encountered. He could almost taste the power oozing from her as her blood spilled uselessly onto the forest floor.
Saliva rushed into his mouth, his fangs grew heavier as the driving urge to drain all of that potent blood seized hold of him. The bloodlust became a clamoring frenzy inside him as he took a step toward her. He knew exactly what she was now, knew the pleasure her blood would give him, knew the strength she would give to him. There was nothing more delectable than a Hunter.
He didn't pause to think about the fact that the Hunter line was supposed to be extinct. Nor did he pause to speculate how he hadn't picked up on what she was before. All he could think about was easing the firestorm of thirst burning through his veins.
Her eyes widened and she recoiled as he took another step toward her. He could feel the weakening of her body overtaking her; feel the life force draining from her. There was no way he could allow such a waste of power to occur.
"Devon," she moaned as anguish and a sad acceptance filled her gaze. She closed her eyes, her hand pressed tighter to the gash as she desperately tried to stop the mortality pouring from her open vein.
"Scrumptious," Julian whispered.
Devon turned as Julian rushed past Devon, the frenzying scent of her blood had taken control of him. Reality crashed back over him. This was Cassie, his Cassie. He'd sworn to protect her from this evil, sworn to keep her safe no matter what the cost, and he'd been about to rip her life away from her.
Bursting back into motion, he grasped hold of Julian's shirt and ripped him backward. Julian's bellow reverberated through the trees as he was flung across the clearing. The thick canopy of a tree shook as Julian bounced off of it. He rebounded quickly as he launched back to his feet with a ferocious snarl.
Julian tore back across the clearing, heedless of the fact he would have to go through Devon to get at her. Julian crashed into him and threw them both back a good ten feet. The small pine they hit broke in half, the jagged piece of it scraped down Devon's back and ripped into his skin.
Julian beat and tore at him until Devon seized hold of his throat. He held Julian away from him as he squeezed. Julian was lost to the throes of bloodlust, animalistic, feral and savage. His eyes were as red as laser beams as his face twisted into a murderous scowl. It was a state a seasoned vampire rarely let take them over, as it meant giving up all control. The human population was more likely to become aware of the demons lurking amongst them when control was lost.
A vampire could lose themselves to the bloodlust for good if they weren't strong enough to pull out of it. At one point in time such a vampire would have been destroyed by The Elder's, but except for Devon and Julian, The Elder's had little to do with the rest of the world now, choosing to remain locked away. But the powerful allure of Cassie's blood had been too much for Julian to handle. Hell, it had almost been too much for him to handle.
They rolled over the ground, pummeling each other as Julian tried to get back to Cassie. Devon was determined to keep her safe, determined she would survive this night. With every cell in his body he knew he wouldn't survive her death, just as he knew he would destroy everything, and everyone who ever tried to harm her.
Julian drew his legs up under him and somehow managed to wedge them between their bodies. Using all of his vast strength, he shoved Devon into the center of the clearing. Cassie's frightened cry echoed in his over sensitized ears as he bounced across the ground.
Ignoring all his pains, he launched himself back to his feet as Julian reached her. Cassie swung at him, but Devon could sense the life draining from her. Terror and rage tore through him as Julian seized hold of her arm and ripped her toward him.
Devon seized hold of Julian and pulled him away from her seconds before his teeth sank into her delicate neck. Turning in midair, he twisted their bodies away from her as he tried to keep her safe from the impact of their weight. They bounced across the ground mere inches from her. Julian wrapped his hand around Devon's neck. Using the palm of his hand, Devon slammed it into the bottom of Julian's already broken nose. Fresh blood spilled forth as Julian howled and fell back.
Devon grabbed Julian by the shirt and lifting him like a rag doll he shook him viciously. "Stay away from her!" he roared.
Julian's fist connected with his cheek and staggered him back a few feet. Determined to destroy the monster he'd helped to create, Devon slammed his fist into Julian's cheek. The sickening crunch of his cheekbone echoed loudly in the clearing. Julian's half collapsed face twisted with fury and agony as his eyes burned with red fire.
He lashed out, his panic and suffering made him reckless and volatile. His claws connected with Devon's chin, the force of the blow staggered him as blood spilled free. Grabbing hold of Julian, he picked him up and heaved him across the clearing once more. The large maple Julian collided with shook from the force of the blow and a large crack lanced up its thick trunk.
Julian landed head first on the ground with his legs above his head against the tree. He lay for a moment before falling away from the trunk. Staggering to his feet, he shook his head in disorientation. Shifting his stance, Devon kept his body protectively in front of Cassie as he waited for another charge.
Battered and beaten, Julian took another step forward. He focused on Cassie, hunger burned within the ruby depths of his eyes, but he didn't come any closer. Though Julian still thirsted for her, the beating seemed to have shaken him free of the bloodlust.
Weighing the odds, Julian stood for a moment as his gaze flitted between them. This fight would go to the death, and Julian wouldn't win. They both knew that. Julian wanted Cassie fiercely, but he wanted to live more. His own life and his love of himself were his two biggest motivators. Devon was relieved to see that some things hadn't changed.
"Until next time."
Julian became a blur as he disappeared within the shadows of the trees. Not trusting Julian to stay away, Devon kept all of his senses honed for Julian's presence as he turned back to Cassie. Taking a deep breath, Devon braced himself to withstand the tantalizing lure of her blood. He approached her cautiously as he fought to control the hungry monster inside of him. She was scared enough without seeing him turn back into the demon he was.
Her eyes were filled with trepidation, but to his surprise she didn't shrink from him. She didn't try to scramble away as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run. She simply stared up at him with a sad acceptance in her mesmerizing eyes.
Blood stuck to her fingers, coated her arm, and clung to her shirt and jeans. A puddle had formed beneath her and the beat of her heart had become sluggish. Forgetting his decision to be cautious, he hurried to her side as he dropped beside her. It was astonishing to realize his concern for her life momentarily outweighed his lust for her blood. He didn't know how long that would last, but for now all that mattered was her safety.
Gently, he eased her slender body into his arms. She moaned softly, her head dropped against his chest as he lifted her. She felt as wispy as a feather in his arms, and just as weak.
The fragileness of her life hit him forcefully as he held her against him. He'd forgotten how weak and frightening it was to be human, how vulnerable and tenuous. Even if she wasn't entirely human, she still faced the harsh reality of death. Her life consisted of more death than most humans, and was normally far shorter.
The bloodlust had been crushed beneath his fear, but he felt a different kind of urge overtaking him now, one he’d never experienced before. He was swamped with the desire to keep her safe from her own mortality and the fragility of her life.
He had changed people before, but he'd never been consumed with the need to do so. Never felt the ardent craving to make sure she never had to face her own death again. He closed his eyes as he began to shake with the urge to change her. He could take her away from here, keep her safe, sheltered, and loved. She would never have to worry about the brutality of her life again, and he knew her life was brutal. He had known some Hunter's during his long lifetime, seen what they'd gone through, and even killed a few of them.
"Devon." He shook his head as he tried to clear his urges. The knowledge of death within her stare rattled him completely. The spark of life radiating from her was already beginning to flicker. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I… I…"
"Shh Cassie, it'll be ok. Don't leave me, just hold on. Don't you leave me," he pleaded fervently.
Tears slid down her face. Resting his hand over top of hers, he pushed against the gash in an attempt to help stem the life pouring from her. There was one way he knew he could stop the bleeding. He was just afraid it would take more self-control than he possessed.
Her heart fluttered slightly. It was a flutter he knew well, he had caused it in many heartbeats moments before he'd taken someone's life from them. It was the sound of that flutter that drove him into action. Bending over her, he pressed her close to him and nuzzled her as he inhaled her wonderfully delicious scent. She didn't stiffen against him, didn't try to push him away. She didn't flinch as her warm breath caressed his cheek.
He wished he could believe it was because she longed for him to change her, but he knew she simply didn't possess the strength to turn away from him. She wouldn't want to belong to the darkness that was part of his world, and he was crazy for even thinking about condemning her to such a life. She deserved far better than anything he had to offer her.
Bracing himself, he pulled her hand away from the large wound. Blood pulsed out of the jagged cuts with every beat of her heart. His chest clenched at the sight of her blood, his teeth elongated instantly. It took a few seconds to gather himself enough not to sink deep into her throat and taste the delicious blood pouring from her.
When he was in control enough, he bent his mouth to her neck. Her heartbeat picked up, but he sensed no apprehension in her, only an excitement that confused him. Fighting against every one of his murderous instincts, he deliberately licked the three brutal gashes in her delicate neck, sealing them with the healing agent in his saliva.
The taste of her blood slammed into him. It was the sweetest nectar he'd ever tasted, so full of strength and vigor. His teeth throbbed for the ultimate pleasure her blood would bring him. Never had he tasted anything so tempting and delicious. Never had he experienced so much power within one person. He'd tasted his fair share of Hunters before, but their blood had been as powerful as a goldfish's compared to this. Her blood was ambrosia and he craved more than just a little taste.
Then, her hand stroked over his face, the touch as delicate as a butterflies wings as it helped to soothe the thirsty beast trapped inside of him. Using every ounce of self restraint and control he had, he pulled back; his eyes clashed with her curious ones. She smoothed her hand over his cheek and cradled him in her grasp. Devon couldn't move; he was pinned within her gaze, as guilt and horror tore through him.
She was comforting him, and he was thinking about draining every last drop of life from her. Struggling to regain control, he unfolded himself from above her. Though the cuts were sealed, she was still a long way from safe. A fair amount of her precious life had been spilled.
"Hold on Cassie," he pleaded fervently. "Don't leave me."
Her tears left a trail in the dirt and blood marring her delicate features. He longed to brush them away and kiss away her pain, but he was frightened to get that close to her again. He didn't know how much torture and temptation he could take before breaking.
He quaked with the reserve it took not to finish it, not to turn her. He couldn't take her youth, her innocence, and her life from her. She deserved far better than that. Far better than him. Gradually, he was able to regain enough control to think straight once more. If he didn't get her help, human help, she was going to die.
A branch cracked loudly. Devon curled her protectively against him as he spun to face the new threat. He shouldn't have let his guard down, shouldn't have let his attention stray from Julian, but she had that affect upon him. He lost all sanity, and all sense of reason, when she was around.
Now, Julian was back. Devon should have known Julian wouldn't quit, not when he had smelled her blood also. Devon used all of his powers and senses to hunt him down, but he couldn't find him within the woods. He did, however, pick up on three new minds within the forest.
He tensed in preparation as Chris, Melissa, and Luther burst out of the woods and skidded to a halt on the other side of the clearing. Their jaws dropped as they took in the limp, bloody form of Cassie in his arms. He knew what the three of them were, but he had no concern for his own safety around them. They were no threat to his survival.
"Cassie!" Melissa cried as she rushed toward them.
Luther lurched forward and grabbed hold of her arm. He pulled her back as an involuntary snarl tore from Devon. He didn't know what had possessed him, he knew they wouldn't harm her, but the idea of them touching her made him want to destroy them all.
"No!" Melissa's hand flew to her mouth; revulsion filled her black eyes as she took in Devon's twisted features, and deadly teeth.
Devon turned away from the condemnation he saw in their eyes. He didn't know them well, but he'd grown to like them over the past few weeks, and he hated the revulsion in their eyes. Holding Cassie protectively against him, he turned away from their disgust and disappeared into the woods in a blur of motion. Feeling outrageously unstable again, he plunged into the forest, uncertain of where he was going.
Moving faster than he'd ever moved in his long existence, Devon kept Cassie shielded from the branches and limbs as he raced through the woods. He knew concern for her life was a big motivator for his faster than average speed, but it was also more than that.
The few drops of blood he'd tasted had already begun to change him. They'd already made him stronger, far more powerful and faster. He didn't know how it was possible she possessed so much power and he hadn't picked up on it. He didn't know how she could possess so much power. The amount of it was far from normal, even for a Hunter.
He didn't know the answers to any of the questions swirling through his mind, and he didn't really care. The only thing he cared about right now was saving her life.
He could only hope she didn't hate him for what he was. He couldn't stop to think about that, if he did he would lose it. Cassie curled against him, her head rested trustingly in the hollow curve of his neck. He didn't understand her trust in him, not after everything she'd discovered tonight, but it was a trust he was going to try and live up to. He could only hope he didn't shatter it by snapping and changing her before he finally reached his destination.

The End

Book 2, Ashes, is now available.
Grab your copy of Ashes today! https://ericastevensauthor.com/project/ashes/
Stay in touch on updates and new releases from the author by joining the mailing list!
Mailing list for Erica Stevens & Brenda K. Davies Updates: ericastevensauthor.com/ESBKDNews

Where to find the author
Erica Stevens/Brenda K. Davies Mailing List: ericastevensauthor.com/ESBKDNews
Facebook page: ericastevensauthor.com/ESfb
Erica Stevens/Brenda K. Davies Book Club: ericastevensauthor.com/ESBKDBookClub
Instagram: ericastevensauthor.com/ESinsta
Twitter: ericastevensauthor.com/EStw
Website: ericastevensauthor.com
Blog: ericastevensauthor.com/ESblog
BookBub: ericastevensauthor.com/ESbkbb


About the author
Erica Stevens is the author of the Captive Series, Kindred Series, Fire & Ice Series, Ravening Series, and the Survivor Chronicles. She enjoys writing young adult, new adult, romance, horror, and science fiction. She also writes adult paranormal romance and historical romance under the pen name, Brenda K. Davies. When not out with friends and family, she is at home with her husband, son, dog, cat, and horse. 
