
KISS ON THE BRIDGE

Mark Stewart


Copyright © 2011 Kiss On The Bridge Mark Stewart. All rights reserved.
No part of this story may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the author. This story is fictitious and a product of the author’s imagination. Resemblance to any actual person living or dead is purely coincidental.
Kiss on the Bridge ISBN: 978-0-9807773-7-6
Smashwords edition license notes.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover design. Joe Hart


Other books by Mark Stewart

Don’t tell my secret
201 May Street
The girl from emerald hill
Ladies’ Club
Book of secrets
Mistress

Kiss on the bridge
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

Legendary Blue Diamond
Legendary blue Diamond two
Legendary Blue Diamond three

The perfect gift

The blood red rose
Blood Red Rose two
Blood red rose three

Fire Games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Children’s books

Luke’s cubby house
A Troglian knows.

Planet X91 the beginning (sci-fi Series)
Planet X91the new home
Planet X91The Underwater cave
Planet X91The storm
Planet X91The drought
Planet X91The fire
Planet X91The plaque
Planet X91The doorway to time
Planet X91 the new earth
Planet X91 alien amongst us
Planet X91 wayward asteroid
Planet X91Unwelcome visitor
(plus, many more)

All reviews gratefully accepted.

Revised edition: Rosemary Cantala.


In this series

Kiss on the bridge
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three



KISS ON THE BRIDGE



CHAPTER ONE



11:59 pm 31st December 1973.
Three hundred and fifty-nine days before Cyclone Tracy destroys Darwin.


“MELBOURNE’S WEATHER is nice tonight,” commented the tall smartly dressed man.
He had strolled along the bridge overlooking the Yarra River, stopping at arm’s length to a young lady.
“Is it?” questioned the brunette.
“Yes. I must add, your beauty compliments the stars.”
The young lady he spoke to seemed to have misunderstood the meaning. Instead of looking at the man she kept up her gaze of Port Phillip Bay. After a long sigh she turned her head and looked directly at the man’s eyes.
“My name is Wade, you are?”
“I’m Anneli,” she answered.
“Nice name. It suits you,” said Wade. A natural smile escalated his handsome features.
“Thank you for the admiring comment.”
“May I request your last name? Before you answer, let me guess, you never disclose the name to a stranger standing in the middle of a bridge on new-year’s-eve.”
“It’s a tradition,” teased Anneli.
“I again ask my first question.”
“Are you always this insistent on hearing answers to your questions?”
Wade let a friendly chuckle slip. “I have to apologize. I never meant to sound rude or invasive.”
“To comment on your opening line, it could be a nice night. I’m hiding from my father and my brothers so that I can watch the fireworks, alone.”
The young lady focused her attention back on the bay to a point on the horizon. Wade had seen the look too many times before. At any time, he could have easily slipped into the faraway daydream too. The tone of the young lady’s voice signaled she did want to be left alone. Wade began to weigh up the pros and cons of walking back the way he came when Anneli spoke.
“I’m waiting for my hero to save me from my life,” whispered Anneli, shifting her attention to where she stood.
Wade’s quick sidestep closed the gap between them by half. “Good luck. Before I leave you to your thoughts, this is new-years-eve. It’s an Australian tradition everyone must receive a kiss to see in the New Year. May I?”
Anneli displayed a natural attractive smile. “I wouldn’t want to break tradition.”
Wade squared himself to Anneli. His blue eyes were inviting. His handsome looks melted the heart of every woman he came into contact.
Anneli shifted her weight from one foot to the other. Her shorts flared out at the sides revealing slender olive-colored thighs. Her white button up shirt crinkled slightly at her shoulders when she raised her hand to halt Wade’s advances. To him the warm summer breeze blowing across the bay that was moving the tips of Anneli’s long hair, made her look more desirable.
“I never kiss a man I don’t know the last name of.”
“What if the couple happened to be standing alone on a bridge overlooking a river at midnight?”
To disguise the noise of her giggle, Anneli bit her top lip. “There are always exceptions to any rule.”
Wade slipped his hands onto her hips. For a time, their gaze mixed. Although her amazing shiny brown eyes were full of life, glistening in the light of the fireworks exploding over Melbourne to welcome in 1974 her spirit revealed a deeply troubled girl.
‘The young lady standing in front of me is indeed an interesting young lady,’ thought Wade. ‘He wondered if their meeting might be no more than accidental, just a moment in time; a kiss on the bridge and nothing more. Could it ever be anything other than a coincidence?’
When Anneli brought her lips closer, Wade leaned forward. He could feel her heels lift off the ground so their lips could come together.
Wade stood an even six feet. Anneli, wearing her black two-inch heels almost matched his height. She lifted her hands to hold onto Wade’s shoulders, signaling she didn’t want the scene to end. He felt it in her strength. He patted himself on the back knowing how to summarize people by the way they looked, talked, sat, stared or gripped their fingers. He’d succeeded in becoming a good lawyer. His bank balance proved it.
Wade and Anneli’s lips lightly touched. He felt her breath quicken when she exhaled and inhaled rapidly. He so wanted time to stand still. Slipping his arm further across Anneli’s back, he started to dip her. She didn’t resist. The light touching of their lips teased him. Their lips touched and retouched. Every muscle in his back flexed, anchoring the young lady safely in his arms.
The young lady reeled him in closer, welding their lips.
Not only did Wade kiss her long, gentle, using maximum passion, she also kissed him back. Emotions flowed unrestricted between them. The intensity of the kiss didn’t fade. It grew stronger. The kiss had a meaning, a magnetism of its own. Wade felt positive he’d never been kissed so passionately in his life. He wondered if the young lady in his arms felt the same. He’d ponder the thought later. He didn’t want to skip a single second. He opened his eyes and looked at her closed eyelids. For the first time in his successful career, he could only guess what she might be thinking.
Anneli’s eyelids fluttered open. She too appeared to be devouring the moment. Time seemed to have stopped for the kiss on the bridge.
The fireworks continued to rage behind them in the night sky. The bright lights heightened the kiss. Maneuvering her arms for a firmer grip, Anneli wanted to portray to this tall, handsome stranger the kiss happened to be the most enjoyable time she had ever felt in twenty years of being alive. She didn’t want anything to interrupt the kiss on the bridge.
As if the young lady was a delicate red rose in full bloom, Wade’s arms never flinched while holding Anneli. The kiss lasted longer than he planned. How could he attempt to end it? He secretly hoped Anneli might be the one to finalize the kiss. Slowly he brought Anneli back to a vertical position, but the kiss continued.
The only part of the fireworks that remained was the smoke hovering over the bay in a large grey cloud.
Anneli and Wade slowly pulled away at the same time. Both took a backward step. Wade nodded politely. Anneli mirrored his move. Both simultaneously walked off the bridge in opposite directions.
Wade hesitated before stepping off the East end of the bridge. He turned to have a last look at the young lady. He saw her stop under a streetlight, looking over her shoulder at him. Her long black hair cascading over her shoulders trapped the light causing each strand to glisten. Her incredible luring brown eyes made his heart skip. The way Anneli looked burned the image in Wade’s mind. Heat rose up from his feet to his head. He broke out into a sweat. Water trickled down the valley to his lower back. Again, the few minutes seemed to last for hours.
Wade wondered if the look Anneli threw his way could have been deliberate or completely accidental. The corners of his mouth curled upwards. He felt a stirring in his soul, compelling him to taste her one more time. He took a step towards her.
Anneli did the same.
Both blocked out the ruckus developing behind her, too intent on reliving their kiss.
“There you are.”
An older man of average height, wearing a three-piece electric blue suit used his baritone voice to get Anneli’s attention. When she faced the older man, he reached out, grabbing her on the shoulder. His facial expression quickly changed from relief to stone murderous cold.
Wade set himself to run when another four men surrounded her. He hesitated only just long enough to view the scene in its entirety.
“Daughter, get back to my ship. I will not tolerate your drunken behavior. We will have words after we set sail to Darwin. Now go.” The man wearing the three-piece electric blue suit faced the other four men of various ages, snarling. “Sons, see to it your sister gets back onboard my ship.”
“Yes father,” echoed each one in turn.
In seconds, they started to escort Anneli off the bridge, slipping away into the night.
Wade felt as though his heart had been ripped out of his chest and thrown into the bay.



CHAPTER TWO



“CAN I have the music stopped? I need everyone’s attention for only a few minutes.”
The tone of voice the man wearing the three-piece electric blue suit used sounded authoritative as it erupted from the dual speakers over the dying last note of the music. The man pushed his fingers through his immaculate jet-black hair. He appeared to be slightly taller than Wade, only not as fit. Two scantily dressed women, one on each side of the man, were hanging off an arm. He guided both women to vacant chairs before stepping in front of the band. A hush descended over the crowd. Two hundred party goers had stopped moving to the dance beat and focused their attention on where he stood.
“I do apologize for being late. Now I’m back onboard, I want to say; happy new year to everyone here tonight. I trust you’re enjoying the festivities on my brand new twenty-million-dollar ship. In case you don’t know me, I’m Darryl Vandenberg. I own Vanden enterprises. Shifting goods throughout the world is a growing business. Each year I’m doubling my profits. I alone have built my successful corporation from the ground up. In only ten short years I have gone from an idea to a multi-million-dollar accomplishment.”
Darryl swept his gaze over his guests soaking in the applause exploding from the dance floor. He loved every minute of the attention. What excited him most were the stares he received from the men who were wearing an expensive black dinner suit. To gain entry to his ship, the invitation strictly stated the men must escort a lovely lady onboard. The long ballroom dress every lady wore sparkled in the light of the mirror ball suspended from the ceiling. Each young lady held the hand of their male partner. In the other, they clutched a full glass of champagne. Every guest held a glass of the expensive bubbly handed to them by the many waitresses walking around the deck carrying a silver tray.
“I’d like to propose a toast to the coming year. I feel it in my bones 1974 will be a great one,” yelled Darryl.
“Here, here,” chorused the guests.
“Enough about me, I have an important announcement to make. Anneli and Meredith, please join me on the stage.”
A tall, attractive young lady wearing a long red dress, a fascinator buried in her hair made her way forward. Someone had sprayed glitter into her long dark hair. A second young woman wearing a cream-colored evening gown also quickly made her way to the front.
“In case, some of you don’t recognize my stepdaughters, this young woman on my left is Meredith. On my right is my second daughter, Anneli. Dirk, please come forward. I want you to stand next to Meredith.”
A medium framed young man cat leapt onto the stage and stood next to Meredith. His fashionable haircut and stylish attire proved he felt proud of his achievements. He didn’t try to conceal his coy expression as he looked down on the mingling crowd.
“This young man has a great future in my company. Not only has he worked tirelessly to prove he’s a suitable candidate for the top job; Dirk is also heavily involved in real estate, shares, and the buying and selling of struggling companies. Only last week he purchased a million-dollar yacht similar to this one, just a lot smaller. Not bad for a twenty-five-year-old.”
Darryl waited for the whispered laughs to subside before continuing. “The exciting news is; Dirk and Meredith will soon be tying the knot.”
Applause from the onlookers reverberated throughout the entire ship. Their nods and excited chatter quickly escalated.
“I want everyone to raise their glass for the second time to toast the young engaged couple,” ordered Darryl.
Another cheer filled the air. A constant clang of wine glasses swamped the entire area. Darryl signaled the band to play music immediately.
When Anneli stepped down from the stage a waitress walking towards the upper deck handed Anneli a glass of champagne.
“Meredith, sweetheart, I want you to wait for me in the study. I don’t want you to be enticed away from me by a handsome stranger,” taunted Dirk. “I have business to conduct. I’m sure it won’t take more than twenty minutes.”
Meredith scrunched her nose, glaring at her fiancé.
“Good girl. After you have done what I’ve ordered, we’ll go mingle.”
Anneli, standing at the side, beckoned her sister to follow. They walked to the other end of the deck, climbed the stairs, pushing their way through over forty guests who decided to move from the lower to the upper deck so they could enjoy the warm summer night.
The large ship rolled lazily on the low swells three hundred metres from the channel as a cargo ship slipped through the heads on its way to the Port of Melbourne. A couple of the crewmen waved at several women party goers standing at the nose of the ship. Unseen by their male partners they blew back kisses.
At the stern of the ship, Anneli and Meredith stared at the dark water flowing past the hull. Not more than twenty feet from the ship a dolphin surfaced. The girls watched the exact place long after it had disappeared.
“Are you okay?”
Meredith focused on her sister. Looking at her brown eyes, she started to sob. “Anneli, I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I’m your younger sister. I’m concerned.”
“I know you are.”
“Talk to me. Tell me what’s on your mind?”
“The subject I think you’re referring to can never be brought up.”
“I want you to call off the charade of a wedding,” growled Anneli, thrusting her hands on to her hips.
“What a blunt statement. You know it’s not possible.”
“Do it before it’s too late.”
“Father will disapprove,” whispered Meredith on a sigh. She quickly glanced around the deck hoping no one decided to listen in on their conversation.
“He’ll get over it. Besides, the sooner you let him know how you feel, the more time he’ll have to understand why we are correct,” hissed Anneli.
“I don’t want to lose any inheritance coming my way.”
“Meredith, if you accept any part of his ridiculous plan, no offence Sis, you are out of your mind. Personally, I’d never want to end up married to a man who orders me around. Dirk is not the right one for you. Somewhere there is a man of your dreams. Forget the money. Go find him.”
“You’re drunk!” shrieked Meredith.
“Yep, I know I am. Take my advice; break it up before it’s too late.”
“I’m looking forward to my wedded life and all of Dirk’s money.”
“What about love?” Anneli questioned.
“What about it?”
“You should love the man you’re going to see each morning at breakfast. Not have father dictate to you who you should marry.”
“I think in time I’ll learn to love Dirk. Besides, all the money he has will more than compensate for the diminutive lack in other areas.”
“Don’t short change yourself on what could be a great future with a man who wants to love you. A pre-birth agreement should never have been allowed,” yelled Anneli.
“Five million dollars in Dirk’s bank account will see me having an extremely happy life.”
“I’d rather marry a poor man than a man who is up himself.”
“Anneli, enjoy your last single year. You know father has set your wedding date. Before you celebrate the coming in of 1975, you’ll be married.
Anneli glared at her sister. “Don’t remind me.”
“Keep focused on the money coming your way. I promise you’ll be happier than me,” whispered Meredith.
“If you won’t listen to my warning, help me finish off this champagne, and please, help me find a pen and paper.”
“Why?”
“I want to write a letter, place it in the bottle, kiss the cork to seal it then I’m going to throw it overboard into the sea. I’m going to order the bottle to find my hero,” stated Anneli, slurring her words.
“Fairytales, Sis, you have to stop believing in fantasies, it won’t happen.”
“The only thing you have to do is believe.”
“I believe in the money. It’s going to keep me happy,” hinted Meredith, confidently.
“Will the millions of dollars keep you warm at night when your husband, instead of being home making love to you, he’ll be somewhere else making love to another woman?”
Meredith glared at her sister through water filled eyes. She set herself to walk off.
Anneli grabbed her sister’s arm. “Please help me.”
Both girls swayed where they stood. Meredith reluctantly nodded. Arm in arm, they walked off snaking their way through the sea of strangers who were bobbing to the rhythm of the music. They walked down a long narrow corridor and stood at the threshold to the galley, watching the closest cook. The man looked up from decorating ten trays of small desserts.
“I don’t suppose you have a pen and paper?” asked Anneli.
The man displayed an expression of a cyclone. He viciously shook his head, marched across the room, rudely shoving the girls out through the open door. Slamming the door shut, he went back to work.
“That cook is a strange man,” chuckled Meredith.
Anneli choked on her half drunken snigger.
The girls ventured into the room adjacent to the kitchen. The room resembled an office. The small portable TV was mounted inside a narrow wood grain unit and books had been crammed into what space remained. An antique mahogany desk filled a third of the room. The small chair covered in dull red leather was against the desk. The only other piece of furniture was a flimsy white plastic chair in one corner.
Anneli sat on the leather chair, opened the desk’s top drawer, lifting out a gold-plated pen and a pad of yellow paper. Glancing at Meredith pushing her ear against the door, she slapped the pad on the desktop and commenced to write her letter.
“Sis, hurry up, I hear footsteps.”
Anneli replaced the pen, folded the note five times and hid it in the palm of her hand. The girls were almost at the door when it opened.
The man who took up the entire doorway looked down his nose. “What are you two up to?” he growled in his baritone voice.
“Father, we wanted five minutes of peace. We both have a headache,” whispered Anneli.
“Meredith, when you have found your fiancé, I want you to escort him back to the upper deck. On your way grab something from the medicine cabinet in the kitchen for your headache. Anneli, I want to have a word.”
The moment Meredith walked out of the room, Anneli shut the door. Turning to face her father, she said innocently. “Yes.”
“Pull up the chair.”
Anneli dragged the white plastic chair across the room and sat at the desk.
The man looked over the top of his glasses. “There’s been a slight delay in your marriage. At next year’s new-years-eve party your-husband-to-be will be introduced to you. Three weeks after your introduction there will be an engagement party. Four weeks further on you’ll be standing at the altar saying I do.”
Anneli folded her arms, glaring at her father. “Your idea is way off the mark on what I’m thinking.”
“I don’t care what you think,” he growled. His tight fist hammered the desktop. “From the day, I married your mother, the deal regarding the man you will marry was unbreakable.”
Anneli stood and folded her arms. “You are not my natural father.”
“Sit down.”
“I prefer to stand.”
Darryl stood, puffing out his chest. “Let me start by saying a lot of water has flowed under the bridge since your real father died at sea in a storm. If I remember correctly a cyclone took his life; Tragic tale. Two years I waited in the wings for your mother to put the loss behind her. When she finally married me, I could tell she never felt happier.”
“My mother married you for your money, nothing more.”
“I beg to differ.”
“My mother whispered to me on her death bed whatever happens never marry someone for his money. Above everything, love must come first. On her last breath, she made it clear to me I should always follow my heart.”
“She didn’t mention it to me,” admitted Darryl.
“In case you’ve forgotten, my mother’s name was Evelyn. She died of cancer three days after my seventh birthday.” Anneli walked to the door. Instead of rushing outside, she turned to face her stepfather. “Has this idea of yours ever been written down on paper?”
“My word is my bond. I expect others to mirror my example,” Darryl yelled.
“What if they don’t?”
“You mock me. I don’t expect any resistance to my ideas.”
“Has it ever dawned on you I might want to find a husband on my own?” questioned Anneli.
“What do you know about finding the perfect man? The one who will keep you well fed and warm on cold nights.”
Anneli shrugged. “Not a thing. Has it ever occurred to you it is part of the love process?”
“Why, say such a preposterous thing?”
“I believe everyone should have a choice on which person they want for a lifetime partner.”
Darryl marched across the grey carpet to the door. With his arms folded he continued his aggressive and argumentative onslaught.
“You are too young to know when the right choice is staring at you in the face. For a carefree future, I believe it is my duty to choose the correct path you will follow.”
“Whatever happened to free choice?”
“I forbid it.”
“For once, why don’t you trust me to make the right decision? I won’t make a bad choice.”
“Financially you have to be looked after. I’ll judge myself worse than a failure if you didn’t marry a rich man.”
“Is it such a bad thing?”
“Yes. I will not have you go through life in poverty.”
“Is this marriage contract the only reason why you entertain the radical idea?”
“Yes.”
“You expect to match me to someone of your choosing, providing he’s rich?” Anneli folded her arms in a defying gesture.
“You make it sound worse than it is.”
“If this farce germinates it’ll be the beginning of my nightmare. I should love the man before I give him something I can never take back. Once I have given myself the first time there is no going back or changing my mind. I have always wanted my first time to be precious. The act will be of my choosing, not yours or anyone else’s. It’s my choice and my choice alone,” yelled Anneli.
“You’re Grandparents chose my first wife. After she died, they insisted I marry her sister; your mother.”
Tears fell from Anneli’s eyes. Her cheeks were red. She looked hot under the collar. “You make out you were buying a prized head of cattle.”
“Your mother and her sister were both beautiful women. Granted, it took me time to realize I loved them both equally. When I did, I could not have been happier.”
“Tell me, when you were twenty, did you or did you not want to decide for yourself the girl who you considered could be the perfect wife, someone who might grow to love you and not be ordered to love you?”
“Stop talking rubbish,” yelled Darryl.
“This is the beginning of 1974. Can’t you understand why your youngest stepdaughter wants to be married to someone of her choosing?” asked Anneli.
“You will marry the man you are contracted to. If you insist on going against my wishes, you will not receive a single Australian dollar from the family. You will be on your own. When you choose to see things my way, the money will again start flowing. Be warned; if you don’t do things my way, you will be ruined financially for the remainder of your life. Take hold of what your eldest sister has done. The relationship between her and Dirk is going great.”
Anneli stared at her father. “Is it? Be honest. Have you ever sat Meredith down to ask her?”
Anneli and her father stared at each other for a long time. The tension in the room continued to thicken. Eventually Anneli knew it was time to leave. She reached out for the door handle.
“This discussion is over,” she yelled and yanked the office door open.
Darryl grunted and looked away. “The subject is indeed closed.”
“Father, this subject is far from closed.”
Anneli pulled the door shut behind her. She marched back along the corridor to the deck of the ship. Spying a bottle of expensive bubbly on the counter at the bar, she sprinted over, swiped it, and a corkscrew then searched for a quiet corner. She intended to get completely drunk the minute she popped the cork.
Meredith stood loitering next to the bar. Her gaze remained fixed on the antics of her sister. As if signaling a secret code, Meredith followed. They pushed their way through the partygoers as they marched towards the stern.
At the rear of the small ship, they discovered a three-foot square platform half an inch under the surface of the water. Anneli grabbed two wooden chairs from the closest table, placing them on the platform. She took hold of her sister’s hand to help her over the railing. They sat dangling their feet in the water, drinking the bottle of bubbly and staring out across the bay. The low swells died away leaving Port Phillip Bay glass flat. There were no clouds to hide the stars. In the background, the lights of Melbourne shone brighter than a million torches.
“Nice night to drown one’s sorrows,” whispered Meredith, eventually.
“It sure is,” growled Anneli, staring at a fictitious object on the horizon. “There’s no way I’m going to consent to our father’s stupid plans.”
“Sis, I heard the argument. Hell, everyone on this ship heard.”
“Good. I meant every word.” Anneli lifted the bottle to her mouth, swallowing a third of the contents. She then tossed the corkscrew into the sea.
“You know you’ve opened a can of worms,” mentioned Meredith.
“I don’t care. The man who calls himself our father has to realize these are modern times. It’s my choice whom I intend to marry, not his.”
“Good for you.” Meredith grabbed the bottle out of Anneli’s hand, swallowing a mouthful of champagne.
“You should’ve done the same,” said Anneli, looking directly at her sister.
“For a few days, I did contemplate the idea. The fact that Dirk has promised me a bottomless bucket of money to spend is too tempting an offer. Besides, my fiancé treats me well.”
“It’s not too late to pull the plug,” said Anneli.
Meredith leaned towards her sister, whispering. “Do yourself a favor. Obey what father says. It’ll save everyone a lot of trouble.”
Anneli stood, hovering over her sister. “I thought you’d back me up on this?”
“Trust me; it’s easier to surrender.”
“I’ll never agree to an arranged marriage. If I die of starvation; so be it.”
Meredith pursed her lips. Reaching up, she grabbed Anneli on the arm. “It’s too late for me. Whatever you decide, I’ll back you one hundred percent.”
Anneli patted her sister on the shoulder and flopped back onto the seat. “I’m happy knowing I have at least one person on my side. You do realize, out there, your Mr. Right is waiting?”
“He’ll be waiting for a long time. I have no plans to leave my fiancé. Besides, if I did, I think I’d be fish food. Running out on a contracted marriage or future marriage has never happened in our ancestry line,” stated Meredith.
“Exactly why I’m going to marry who I please,” snarled Anneli.
“You’re hooked on the bloke you kissed on the bridge.”
Anneli nodded. “The kiss felt wonderful.”
“Get over it.”
“There’s no way I could ever get over something so enjoyable. There’s more to it than just a passing kiss.”
“Your emotions were ignited by the idea you’d never see him again.”
“Maybe you’re right. What are the odds our paths will cross again?”
“Take it from me, they’re not in your favor,” Meredith slurred. She lifted the bottle of bubbly to her lips, swallowing the remaining liquid in one long continuous gulp.
Anneli pulled the sheet of folded paper from her cleavage and handed it over.
Meredith unfolded the note and read the words out loud. “To my hero, when will you save me from my stinking horrible life? Please hurry, signed Anneli.”
“Meredith, follow my lead. Place both hands on the bottle and repeat after me. God, if you think I need saving from my life, you’ll see to it that my soul mate will find this bottle. If you think Wade is the one for me, you have my permission to send him my way. The kiss we shared happened to be out of this world.”
Meredith stared at her sister. In a blunt monotone voice, she answered. “I agree.”
Anneli tipped the few remaining drops of champagne into the water, pushed the note into the bottle and managed to replace a third of the cork. She kissed the bottle and gently placed it into the sea. Both girls watched the bottle bobbing in the water until the darkness had swallowed it.
“What now?” Meredith asked.
“I’m going ashore.”
“You can’t; father won’t allow it.”
“Have you forgotten already where he found me? Escort me to the bridge. I want to see my hero coming.”
“The bloke would be long gone,” advised Meredith.
Anneli fell silent. She stared out across the surface of the water, lost in a daydream of her and Wade cuddling on the bridge, re-living their kiss.



CHAPTER THREE


Four weeks until Cyclone Tracy hits landfall in Darwin.



AFTER PLACING the control knob into neutral, Wade ran his fingers through his sandy colored hair as the engine revs fell to idle. The forty-foot yacht’s speed dropped to zero. He walked across the deck and looked at the water. A natural smile highlighted his cheek bones. Without looking he pushed a button on the side of the boat. He felt the vibration of a motor starting up under his feet. The aluminum dive ladder slid silently into the water up to the second rung.
Wade threw his white button up shirt over the back of a deck chair and dropped a dark brown towel over his shirt. The sweat on his chest glistened in the hot sun. The few clouds in the sky were bleached white. Only a hint of a sea breeze brushed his face as he prepared to dive into the cool glass flat ocean.
Wade dived away from the sparkling new yacht, surfacing twenty-five feet off to port. He heard the screeching of his CB radio. To help ignore the noise, he dived for the second time. He loved being underwater in the quiet; away from the noise of the anti-room of the supreme-court. There seemed to be a ruckus brewing every few minutes. He swam straight down to a depth of twenty feet. He took in the view by staring through the crystal-clear water.
A large school of small tuna swimming towards him split into two, darting around him and vanished as quick as they had arrived. A large stingray glided effortlessly above Wade’s head. It didn’t stop or try to avoid the two-metre shape ascending slowly to the surface.
At a depth of four feet, Wade spied the reason why he dived into the water. It bobbed lazily on the surface. His lungs were starting to ache when saw a shark swimming directly at him. He watched the young grey nurse come closer. Wade avoided confrontation by changing direction. In a heartbeat, he decided it might be time to retrieve what he found and climb back on board his yacht.
In one swift movement, Wade’s fingers wrapped about the object. In seconds, he climbed the aluminum dive ladder. When he stepped on to the white deck of the sailboat, he pressed a button. Almost instantly the ladder began to close. He snatched up the brown towel he’d slung over the back of the deck chair, throwing it over his left shoulder. Holding the newly discovered booty in his hand, he walked towards the wheelhouse.
The CB radio screeched for the tenth time.
Wade stepped into the wheelhouse, swiping the receiver from its cradle. “Speak,” he said.
“Wade, I’m Grant Mustard’s secretary, the jury has reached a decision. Do you want to be in court to listen to the verdict?”
“I’ve already quit. Didn’t you find my official letter of resignation on your desk?”
“I filed it hoping you might change your mind.”
“No.”
“Mr. Mustard has personally asked me to plead for you to reconsider.”
“You can inform Grant my answer is still no.”
“You are the best lawyer in Australia he will not accept your resignation.”
“Sheryl, please, tell him no.”
“You have to understand he will not take ‘no’ for an answer.”
“I’ve other plans,” Wade advised.
“Let me guess; you are planning to chase the young lady you kissed on the bridge almost twelve months ago.”
“My plans are private.”
“So, the rumors spreading throughout the building over you and the mystery woman are correct?”
“I refuse to discuss it.”
“Wade, think about it, what if you cannot find her?”
“What if I do?”
“It is a lot of ‘IF’S.”
Wade used the towel to dry his legs. He suddenly stopped to look across the sea at the Melbourne skyline.
“Sheryl, tell me what you’d do?” he asked confidently into the CB radio.
“It’s none of my concern.”
“Exactly,” said Wade.
“Why are you chasing a pipe dream?”
“Explain this. What are the chances of standing alone at midnight on a bridge when out of the blue someone asked to kiss you?”
“I’d have to say the odds are enormous.”
“If what you say is true, clarify this. I’ve been on that particular bridge at midnight several times over the years, not once has there ever been anyone else on it. Sheryl, she kissed me back.”
“You sound obsessed.”
“Call it what you will, I don’t care.”
“Wade, you are making too much of the entire kiss on the bridge thing.”
“Call it fate. I can’t change the fact it happened.”
“Wade, see the logic behind the event.”
“Sheryl, I thought you of all people would understand where I’m coming from?”
“I do understand. I just do not see the point or the effort it takes to accomplish something that is not possible.”
“Inform Grant what I’ve decided.”
“Explain it to him yourself.”
“Has he been listening in to our conversation the entire time?” questioned Wade.
“No.”
“Sheryl, you were never a good liar. Put him on.”
After a short pause, the CB radio crackled. The gruff voice belonged to a man who didn’t sound happy.
“Wade, you were correct. I heard the entire conversation. You have to reconsider.”
“Why? I don’t have to do anything. On top of my decision, I loathe the well-to-do lingo everyone puts on. I also hate the way the firm runs the affairs of every one of her clients.”
“You have a bright future in our company, do not blow it.”
“I had a future in the law sector. I’ll do what I want.”
“What will you do? Your mind is too sharp for anything other than full steam ahead.”
“My personal life is my business,” replied Wade.
“This past year I have held my tongue. I believe the young lady you’ve been chasing has made you drag your feet. What if I promise to find the woman?”
The tone in Grant Mustard’s voice told Wade he could be swept off the path all too easily.
“You work for me. You have to choose, me or nothing.”
“I’ve already chosen to quit.”
“Wade, you celebrated your twenty-fourth birthday three months ago, and already you have earned more money than all of us put together. Your reputation has surpassed my wildest expectations. Name your price; ten, twenty million a year?”
Wade turned off the CB radio, placed the receiver back in its cradle and stepped through the narrow doorway. Walking down the two steps to the second level, he glanced at the barometer. Sidestepping into the galley, he placed the empty bottle of champagne he plucked from the ocean onto the bench. Looking through the bottle’s glass wall, he spied a tightly folded piece of yellow paper. Wade pulled the cork. He used a pair of tweezers to snatch out the note.
After pouring a strong mug of coffee and a glass of white wine, Wade held the note and the mug in his left hand, the glass of white wine in his right. He walked to a comfortable black leather chair at the small table. Wade sat heavy in the seat, carefully unraveled the note and read the handwritten words. His eyes bulged at the name on the bottom of the note.
‘Anneli.’
Wade sat staring at the wall for over a minute, lost in a fantasy of the night on the bridge when he met and kissed Anneli.
“Could this note have been written by the very girl I am looking for?” he mumbled. “Anything is possible, besides, how many young ladies live in Melbourne with the same name?”
Wade climbed the stairs to the wheelhouse. He felt his confidence building. He pushed the throttle to its stop, navigating the yacht back to the Port of Melbourne more determined to find the young woman he kissed on the bridge. Through endless hours of questions over the phone, he came to one single possible conclusion. Beyond reasonable doubt, Anneli was heading for Darwin.
“At sunrise, tomorrow; I’m sailing for Darwin,” Wade announced to one of the workers at the marina.
“You’ll be a wantin’ extra diesel in the tank.”
Wade slapped the old unshaven man on the shoulder. “Add the cost of the diesel to my account. I’ll pay you when I return.”
In three hours, Wade’s shopping list was complete. While walking towards the tram-stop in the Melbourne CBD his thoughts zeroed in on a woman who seemed to be shadowing his every move. To confirm his suspicions, he saw a security guard standing on the courthouse steps. He stopped, striking up a short conversation. In a couple of minutes, he said goodbye, deliberately marching across the road. He stood next to the doorway to a small café, watching the reflections of people in the glass window, waiting to see if his suspicions were confirmed. It didn’t take long for the image of a tall woman came into view. Dark sunglasses and a large latte colored hat pulled down over her face helped to mask her facial features. Her black shiny two-inch stilettos were the only things protruding from the mystery woman’s ankle-length coat.
After Wade entered the café, he walked to the main counter and ordered two cappuccinos. He told the waitress the second coffee belonged to the woman in the long coat watching him from across the street. He paid for the hot brew and joined the stream of shoppers. The woman re-commenced her quest to follow. Wade noted she’d dropped back slightly to avoid possible detection.
Wade entered the park across the road. To make it easier for the woman to approach him, he sat on the nearest seat. The forty-foot Elm trees lining the pea stone path still smelt damp from the rain the previous night. A woman pushing her young eighteen-month-old daughter in a pram slowly strolled past Wade. She raised her eyebrows, looking Wade up and down then marched off displaying a grin.
A school-boy riding a pushbike entered the park. Wade watched him ride directly at him. When the lad stopped at the seat, Wade leaned forward.
“This is for you,” announced the lad, handing over a scrap piece of paper.
“Who gave you the message?” asked Wade. A quick study of the paper revealed someone had taken the time to fold it five times.
“A woman wearing a long coat. She was standing at the entrance to the park,” he answered.
“Can you tell me a description of what she looked like?”
The lad shrugged. “She must be rich; she gave me one hundred dollars to give you the note.” The young teenager gestured a wave as he pedaled his pushbike towards the entrance to the park.
Wade sprinted along the path to the street. He made it in time to see the mystery woman step onto a tram. Before she sat, the tram took off towards Melbourne CBD.
Five men dressed in black suits squatted behind three large trees waiting for Wade’s return. They watched him return to the park seat, too intent on reading the note to see what was happening around him.
The five men marched up behind Wade. One tall athletic built man growled in a low baritone voice.
“Only a fool would turn around.”
Wade froze in his tracks. He scrunched the note the boy gave him, slipping it deep into the pocket of his pants. “I’m no fool.”
“Good. The five of us don’t want to see you in an accident.”
“What is it you want?”
“We don’t want anything except a few minutes of your time.”
Every cell in Wade’s lawyer trained body screamed for him to turn around. Recommencing his walk, he pushed the warning out of his mind. “I’m listening.”
“The five of us want you to walk towards the small lake at the bottom of the slope.”
Walking towards water sounded warning bells. Wade’s mind slipped back to a conversation between him and his gangster friend. Wade quickly remembered his number one rule. ‘To stay alive never be anywhere near water.’
“Why can’t we talk here, face to face?” Wade questioned.
“My boys and I have the power over you. We expect you’ll do exactly what I order. I alone decide your fate.”
“Do you have a name?” asked Wade, trying to get information from a two-bit conversation.
“My little inquisitive friend, you will never know. Turn down the next narrow dirt track. It leads straight to the lake.”
A ten-foot wire fence separated the traffic and the stagnant water which looked no larger than a normal house block. Wade knew the minute he stood at the shallow lake there were no other exits except via the path.
At the halfway point, Wade decided the men needed to know their next alleged victim won’t be taking what they were about to dish out lying down. In his mind, he went through his attack scenario. He’d punch the tallest man first then so on until only the smallest remained standing. The move happened to be the number two rule his gangster friend taught him. They became familiar acquaintances after Wade proved to the court of the man’s innocence. Six months of walking the streets, talking to men no one wanted to know, saw the real culprit in court. After a two-month trial, the real murderer was in jail for life.
At the same time, Wade curled his fingers into white-knuckled fists, he spun on the balls of his feet. Without any hesitation he lunged at the two men left of center. Using a right hook to their jaw, he dropped them both. The two bringing up the rear were next. They crumbled to the ground nursing their cracked ribs. Wade spun around eyeballing the one remaining person.
The man stood tall, acting ice cool. He pulled a small handgun from his coat pocket and pointed it directly at Wade’s heart. The third rule he learnt; if the attacker is holding a gun; never argue.
“Don’t move. We only wanted to talk,” stated the man.
“Tell me why you’re here?” Wade kept one eye focused on the gun, the other on the antagonist.
“Did you know there’s been a woman following you?”
“No.”
“You must have known. We’ve been watching the woman’s every move for at least three hours.”
“If she was following me, I surmise the woman didn’t want me to see her or I’d have talked to her.”
“Have a good think. Your future depends on it,” insisted the man.
Wade enjoyed rule number four the most. He never waited for the finale when the end might be too late to react. He didn’t give the man holding the gun a chance to decide whether to pull the trigger or not. Surprise always resided on the side of the JUST. Wade quickly side stepped. Using a tight fist, he jabbed the aggressor in the ribs. He heard a crack. The man yelled in excruciating pain. He crumbled to the ground, spilling the gun from his hand. Wade hovered over the man at the same time the other four staggered to their feet.
“For future reference, you don’t have to use a fist or a gun to ask me a question. If you do, you might be nursing another cracked rib.” Wade glared at the other men. “Take him and leave.”
The men took hold of the injured man and hobbled back up the dirt path towards the city traffic.
Wade pocketed the gun. He waited five minutes then started his return trip to his yacht via the long way. The first building he passed happened to be the courthouse. A slight shuffling noise erupting from the lane next to the courthouse steps forced him to stare down the lane. A second scraping noise came from behind the large four-foot cubed industrial garbage bin.
“Why have you been following me?” called Wade, trying to ignore the stench of rotting rubbish in the lane.
Eventually, a muffled voice spoke. “Listen closely to what I’m about to tell you. I will say my message only once.”
“Okay, you have my undivided attention.”
“The woman you seek, what is her name?”
“I’m not sure if it’s any of your concern,” called Wade, stepping into the lane.
“Trust me, it is.”
“Anneli,” said Wade.
“Do you know her last name?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Tell me what you know?”
Wade stepped closer to the bin. “I’m not in the habit of talking to a person hiding behind objects.”
“Stay where you are,” urged the voice.
Wade replayed his number four rule by sprinting for the bin. He needed to stop the messenger before the person escaped into the mainstream of shoppers. In a panic, the foe sprinted down the lane away from the courthouse.
The person behind the voice seemed to be more agile than a cat. Wade slowly narrowed the gap to his escaping foe. He lunged for the latte-colored hat the stranger wore. It fell off in his hand. The figure stopped and started brushing her long blonde hair from her face, staring wide-eyed at the man standing at arm’s length.
“You’re a woman,” muttered Wade.
“I’m happy you can tell the difference.”
The woman started to walk backwards. Wade grabbed her forearm.
“Let me go,” she yelled, struggling to break free.
“Not until you explain the note?”
“You are hurting me.”
Wade loosened his grip and displayed a natural smile.
“Thank you.”
The woman held out her hand for the hat. Wade willingly handed it over. He watched her place her hair in a bun and tuck it under her hat.
“What are you scared of?”
“If they catch me here, I’ll be wearing cement shoes and thrown into Port Phillip Bay.”
“Who’d do such a horrendous act?”
“The identity of the person is not important,” hissed the woman.
“Do you have a name?” asked Wade.
“It is safer if I refuse to disclose my name.”
“Why?”
“Cement shoes.”
Wade could tell the woman felt petrified someone might discover her in the lane. The cement shoe story she spun to hide her identity could be a real prospect. “Can I buy you a coffee?”
The woman darted a frightened stare at the end of the lane. “I have to cut our chat short. We weren’t supposed to meet.”
“The coffee shop is not far. You’ll be safe there.”
“I don’t have the time. You’ve also forgotten what I’ve just told you,” insisted the woman.
“I didn’t forget. The cement shoe idea has you frightened.”
“You won’t stop me from leaving?” questioned the woman.
Wade shook his head. “No. Before you go, tell me something; did you write the note?”
“Yes. I’m here to make sure you understood it.”
“I have yet to read it,” hinted Wade, stretching the truth. “Five blokes insisted we have a chat down by the lake.”
“What men?”
“I have a feeling you know the answer. I’m going out on a limb here. Could you be related to Anneli?”
“Be careful of your accusations, the limb you’re standing on might break.”
When Wade heard heavy footsteps near the entrance to the lane, he took hold of the woman’s arm, forcing her to step into a doorway further along. “Tell me what you wrote on the yellow paper?” he whispered.
“The note handed to you by the lad on the bike has Anneli’s last name on it. She will be in Darwin on Christmas eve 1974. If you want to make 1975 extraordinary, take my advice, find her before new-years-day. Her father’s plans have been sped up. At five o’clock in the afternoon on the 1st of January 1975, she will be standing at the altar getting married.”
“Why have you told me this? Who are you?”
“Who I am is not important. There’s a rumor buzzing around in certain circles a man is searching for Anneli. There’s also a report her fiancé, the one she has never met is not happy.”
“Not met yet?” Wade’s voice sounded vague. He felt shocked and angry. He couldn’t understand how someone could agree to marry without getting to know the other person first. What about love?
“The other bloke has put a price on your head,” whispered the woman. She spied a group of men entering the lane. “I’ve outstayed my time. To sum up our chat, Anneli will meet the man she has been ordered to marry the day after Christmas day. The wedding will take place in Darwin on the date I’ve told you.”
“Is there anything else you need to tell me?” asked Wade.
The woman looked directly at Wade. “Don’t be late.”
The mysterious woman’s last words were still clear in Wade’s ears when she stepped away from the doorway. He watched her run off in the opposite direction to the Courthouse.
Wade decided he didn’t want a rematch to the fight and sprinted up the lane to a side entrance to the courthouse. He started up a conversation with the first cop he saw. The men ambled past, glaring. At the far end of the lane, they got into a dark blue sedan and drove off. Wade handed the gun he took from one of his attackers to the cop, told a watered-down summary of what happened then said goodbye.



CHAPTER FOUR



Darwin 24th  December 1974. A tad less than eleven hours until Cyclone Tracy’s arrival time. The barometer needle started dropping towards nine-hundred and thirty hectopascals. When the black needle arrived at the destructive point, Cyclone, Tracy would strike.


WADE JUMPED onto the wharf, tied the bow and stern line of his one million-dollar forty-foot white colored yacht to the wooden posts. A quick look up and back down the wharf and Wade bounded back down the steps and into the belly of the yacht. On the bottom step he looked at the inner workings, of the yacht. He felt pleased with the design the minute he was given the guided tour.
Off to one side was the galley and a small bar. The miniature lounge on his right consisted of a wall mounted mini-TV. Two comfortable bean bags were stacked neatly on the dull red carpet. The small table and two chairs were in one corner. A leather chair looked at home in the other. The door at the front of the yacht opened up to the bedroom. A Queen size bed filled half the room while a door next to the bed led to the shower.
Wade looked out of the porthole at the orange sunset. Darwin’s temperature hit the monthly average of 32 degrees again, failing to drop a degree the entire day. He shaved, showered and dressed in comfortable, smart casual attire. Wade studied his appearance in the full-length mirror glued to the inside of the wardrobe door.
He hoped for the perfect night. A night when he would at last meet Anneli Vandenberg. She was the only reason he was in Darwin.
Wade nodded at his reflection. Included in the eleven months of hard digging and endless phone calls to unearth Anneli’s last name, the mystery woman’s timely message helped him to be in Darwin to stop the so-called farce of a wedding. The mystery woman had plagued heavy on Wade’s mind from the minute they met in the lane back in Melbourne and then to receive the identical message left for him in Sydney and again in Queensland when he stopped to restock his provisions. Both handwritten messages contained a photo. Wade felt convinced the messages were from the same mystery woman. She had taken more than a casual interest in his voyage to Darwin.
Wade walked up the steps to the deck. “I wonder if the mystery woman is Anneli’s sister?” he said louder than he should have.
“What did you say, young fella?”
Wade looked up at the old fisherman. His clothes reeked of fish. He swung a red bucket while shuffling along the wharf to the end. “Good luck in your fishing tonight.”
The man stopped and looked at Wade. “She’ll be right. Me and me Mrs will have fish for breakfast. If I don’t catch anything, there’s always room at the café. While I have your attention, is your name Wade?”
“Yes.”
The old man shuffled over. He displayed a toothless grin as he handed over a note.
“Who gave you this?”
“Some dame back at the start of the wharf; she must be rich; gave me one hundred bucks to deliver a piece of paper.”
“Anneli will be at a disco,” said Wade reading the note out loud. Looking towards the start of the wharf and the beach, he saw no one loitering around the area.
“Have a good night Sonny.”
“You too,” echoed Wade. He waved casually at the man and slipped the note deep inside his pants pocket.
Marching off the wharf towards the main street, Wade heard music coming from the closest disco nightclub, noting a small group of late teenagers emerging from the main entrance. The girls giggled, and the boys scoffed at the throng of people queuing at the entrance to the night club.
Wade walked to the rear of the queue. He reached out tapping the two young ladies standing in front of him on the shoulder. Both mid-teen girls wore a skimpy sequined mini skirt which sparkled from the light of the streetlight behind him. They turned and looked at Wade at the same time. One leaned closer fluttering her eyelids.
Wade flashed a friendly smile. “I apologize for intruding in on your conversation. Have you seen the young lady in this picture? Her name is Anneli.” He thrust the photo under their nose and waited patiently for a response.
The two girls shook their head.
One of the girls whispered seductively. “You don’t need her. You and I can dance all night. After plenty of Tango, we can watch the sunrise.”
Wade raised his hand into the air. “Thanks for the offer. I respectfully refuse your request.”
The bouncer watched Wade stepping closer as the stocky man ushered the next six couples into the nightclub. Shuffling forward, the girls turned away from Wade and gossiped in low whispers. Wade felt content in the fact the girls didn’t insist on chatting him up. It was then Wade turned his attention to a few others now standing in the queue behind him. After shaking their head at the photo, they quickly brushed him aside.
Eventually, the bouncer tapped Wade on the shoulder. “If you fail to enter the building in four seconds you will be at the rear of the queue.”
Wade faked a grin, paid the entrance fee and stepped into the building. Walking around the carpeted area close to the dance floor, searching for Anneli, he could feel the reverberating thump of the upbeat through the floor. Wade stopped numerous times to flash Anneli’s photo. Everyone he talked to shook their head.
Disappointed, Wade moved on to the next disco directly across the street then onwards to the next. By midnight, he was loitering near the ladies’ powder room, searching the sea of faces on the dance floor in a disco situated up a side lane. Twin mirror balls hovered high above three hundred young people moving to the beat of the song.
Two young ladies walked past in a rush to get back to the dance floor. They didn’t notice Wade had focused on them. One of the young ladies giggled at what the other said. The tone in the voice of one of the girls forced Wade to zero in on her walk. She wore a white blouse, a black mini skirt which clung to her tiny waist and black stilettos on her feet. Her left hand clutched a small shiny black bag. Wade watched the young lady and her friend step onto the dance floor. Both girls looked stunning. Wade focused more on the dark brunette more than her blonde-haired friend. Two burly security guards grabbed him by the shoulders. Wade jumped, instantly losing sight of the girls.
“You not here to cause trouble?” spat the first bloke.
Obviously, the guard used his broken English to make his voice sound more threatening. The guard spun Wade in a half circle. The two men glared at each other almost nose to nose.
The two security guards were the size and shape of a gorilla and they looked to have the strength to match. Wade glanced over the shoulder of the first man. He saw the second guard brandishing a two-foot-long metal rod.
“I’m here only to have a good time,” explained Wade, confidently, hoping decorum might help defuse the scene.
“I’ve been watching you closely from the minute you stepped into this homely establishment,” spat the first bouncer.
“I wholeheartedly agree. This place does make you feel at home,” said Wade.
“So far I’m not impressed by what I’ve seen.”
“I mean no disrespect. This is my first time in here. So far, the scenery is amazing,” stated Wade.
“I think it might be wise if you exit this place. At the other end of main street, you’ll come across a three storey building. Take my advice, enter it. I’m positive you’ll find a nice lady to talk to.”
“I’m only here for a good time,” explained Wade repeating himself. He took a punt, gambling the two gorilla-sized men wouldn’t remember he had said the same sentence twice.
“Have a good time somewhere else.”
Wade certainly didn’t want to be tossed out into the street and continued his elucidation. “Please, I’m looking for a woman to pick up. If you’d be kind enough to allow me thirty minutes and if I don’t have any luck, I’ll leave.” Wade looked at his watch. “It’s now exactly eleven-thirty-five.”
“We’ll give you fifteen minutes,” growled the second guard, stepping forward. Using his left hand, he squeezed Wade’s right shoulder.
The vice like grip wasn’t a flippant gesture. The act signaled, ‘if the receiver caused any trouble, he would be taken outside through a side exit. A few broken bones may accompany the receiver’s body into the closest ‘dump bin.’ Wade’s inmate friend cautioned him to be extra careful if it ever happened.
The bouncer let go of Wade’s shoulder. He flashed him a snappy grin as he stepped back.
“To make life easy for the three of us, what do you say to a trade-off? Can we agree on midnight as the kick out time; it’s a nice even number. It’ll help to overcome any confusion on my part,” stated Wade.
Both guards chuckled and walked off. They stood at the door, watching the clock.
For a few seconds, Wade observed their military stance then refocused his attention on the dancers. He scoured the faces and the variety of colored heads of the multitude of young ladies bopping to the rhythm of the newest song playing. In the middle of the floor, under the large mirror ball suspended from the ceiling, he spied two ladies. Both were dressed to impress. He knew any man at the disco would be more than happy to escort either of them home.
Wade stepped onto the polished wooden floor. The young lady he walked towards appeared to have long slender legs which were partially covered with a black mini skirt. Her long black hair glistened under the mirror ball. He boldly marched towards her. The closer he got the weaker his knees felt. His nerves were trying to get the better of him. Sweat broke out between his shoulder blades. A trickle of water worked its way down to the nook of his back.
The young lady he’d focused on glanced up at him. Almost instantly she stopped swaying to the beat of the music; a smile not only swept her cheeks, her widening grin never waned. She tapped her female dance partner on the shoulder, raising her eyebrows to signal; ‘I’ll see you later.’
“Bonjour Anneli Vandenberg,” announced Wade, stepping up. “At long last, I’ve tracked you down.”
Anneli shook her head in disbelief, looking directly at Wade’s blue eyes. “You don’t strike me as a person who knows the French language.”
“It’s the only word I can say.” Wade displayed his usual friendly luring expression.
The young lady dancing next to Anneli slipped away to the other side of the dance floor. She found a seat at the bar, appearing to be content in watching the scene.
Anneli grabbed Wade by the hand and led the way off the dance floor to a dark corner. She never once looked back to where her dance partner went.
The DJ cranked the music up at the beginning of the next song. Wade had to yell in Anneli’s ear so that she could hear what he was saying. Finally, he raised his hand to signal a halt to the attempted conversation. Ushering Anneli towards the main entrance, Wade casually waved at the two security guards who were gathering their jaw up off the floor. They waited for Anneli to retrieve a pair of black runners and a light jacket from the cloakroom then politely escorted the two outside. Both guards wished Wade and Anneli a good night. They winked at each other and stepped back inside the disco.
“I finally found you,” Wade started, praying Anneli still wanted to know him.
“You picked a strange time to show yourself. It has been almost a year.”
Wade could feel tension building between them. His high emotions were plummeting fast. If he didn’t change the direction of their meeting, he knew the night would end in a disaster. He had wiped the word, ‘failed,’ out of his vocabulary years earlier. He needed to work harder if he ever wanted to win Anneli’s heart.
Making sure his voice flowed like a seductive Rumba dance, Wade continued where he left off. “I’ve been working hard to find you. I only knew your first name.”
Anneli displayed a sheepish expression. “I happened to be drunk up to my eyeballs the night we met on the bridge. I couldn’t remember if I told you my full name or not. For nearly a year I’ve been hoping I did. I apologize. I’m deeply sorry.”
“It’s okay. The only thing I’m concentrating on right now is you. Please accept my invitation for a walk?”
“The idea sounds nice.”
Anneli slipped her feet into her runners and placed her dance shoes into a small bag. Grabbing hold of Wade’s hand, her eyes sparkled at thinking what the remainder of the night might bring.



CHAPTER FIVE


Ten hours until cyclone Tracy hits.


WADE AND Anneli walked past few people on their lazy stroll along the main street in the Darwin CBD.
“Everyone must be at a disco,” said Wade, breaking the ice.
Anneli looked sideways at the man walking next to her. She knew it was an awkward time. The first few minutes of any new relationship happened to be the hardest. Only the right questions should be asked and answered. The chemistry between the couple must be brewing. Both needed to be open, but being too vulnerable could be dangerous. If one revealed too many personal secrets, the other might be scared off which in turn could make the night end in a, ‘thank you for the evening and a goodbye forever handshake.’
Although they hadn’t seen each other for almost a year, to Anneli, the chemistry, she felt when Wade kissed her on the bridge seemed to be more intense. In fact, her feelings for the man seemed to be growing stronger. Could he be the one to save her from the pathetic miserable future life? The last of her questions before any relationship could even begin needed to include facts on finance. She made up her mind at the time of writing the note and sealing it in the bottle with a kiss no matter what, poor or rich; it didn’t matter. Now the man she dreamt about nearly every night since they met was walking next to her. She definitely saw deep holes in her ideas of financial security.
“A dollar for your thoughts?” whispered Wade.
Anneli looked directly at his eyes. “I don’t mean to be rude, where do you live?”
“You’ve asked an off the cuff question. I thought you might be thinking how much money I earned.”
Anneli’s face flushed bright red. She focused on what shops loomed ahead.
“If you must know, I’ve been enjoying the evening walk.”
Wade looked ahead, whispering gently. “I did expect our reunion to progress a lot smoother than it has.”
“Meeting each other after such a long time is awkward,” hinted Anneli.
“I’d have to agree. I actually live in Melbourne.”
“If I were to guess I’d say Melbourne is at least two thousand miles from here.”
“It’s well over four thousand miles.”
“I’m impressed at the dedication you used to find me,” blurted Anneli, stopping outside a general goods store.
“Every second I spent on the search was worth it. Tell me, what’s the Goss on the wedding plans?”
Anneli looked shocked at hearing the words of her plight spoken out loud. She wanted to hide. She certainly didn’t want to discuss her predicament in any great detail.
“How did you know about the plans?” she asked.
“I have friends in high places.”
“You have been misinformed. It’s supposed to be an engagement.”
Wade boasted his natural smile. “I’ll have to reprimand my informant.”
“For the record, I detest the idea. My father has organized for me to meet my future husband.”
“Sounds barbaric,” said Wade.
The pair heard footsteps approaching and quickly restarted their walk towards the sea.
An old man wearing dark blue coveralls, a tattered wide brimmed hat pushed firmly on his head, stopped running when he came close enough for Wade and Anneli to hear his shouts. Pointing at the sky, his long grey beard twitched.
“You two love birds should take shelter. There’s a cyclone forming. Where ever you’re headin’ get there sooner than later. There’s not much time. Not much time at all.”
The old man hurried off into the darkness. Wade and Anneli could hear his voice some distance away warning others of the imminent danger.
Wade’s mind flashed back to the falling barometer needle. So far, the only hint of a cyclone came from the slight cooling of the temperature.
“I feel a little uncomfortable at what the old man implied. Maybe we should be looking for safer ground just in case,” suggested Anneli.
“I know a place where we can go. If he’s wrong, we’ll see a beautiful sunrise,” said Wade.
“What happens if he’s correct?”
“There’s no need to worry; we’ll be safer than a church full of people. My home isn’t far. I’m positive you’re going to love meeting Charlotte. Now tell me your story?”
“Who’s Charlotte?”
“Surely you’re not jealous?” Wade skipped ahead a few steps. He swiveled on his toes, waiting for Anneli to walk into his arms.
“What a slick move,” she giggled.
Wade swept Anneli off her feet. Focusing on her eyes, he gradually lowered her to the ground. Placing one hand behind her head, he pulled her towards him.
“I’ve waited almost an entire year for this. I can’t wait any longer.”
“You have yet to divulge who Charlotte is?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
Wade and Anneli stood in the middle of the street outside a pharmacy window locked in a loving kiss. They were determined to re-ignite the kiss on the bridge.
Wade eventually pulled back.
Anneli felt devastated at the interruption. Her emotions were falling fast. She wanted to shrink away and be swallowed up by the darkness. Convinced beyond doubt prematurely ending the kiss meant the night was over, she started to believe Wade’s story of trying to find her had been an illusion. How could he have dashed her hope? He might as well have opened her chest and yanked out her heart.
Wade quickly attempted to smooth over the scene. “Believe me; I didn’t want to interrupt the kiss. If you look skywards, it’s a gorgeous night. The beauty of the stars is dull compared to the radiant features of your face.”
Still aching inside, Anneli reluctantly viewed the stars. Her breathing momentarily stopped. “The breeze has dropped,” she managed to whisper.
“Although the moment has been interrupted, the sky has enriched our reunion.” Wade knew he was clutching at straws, trying to help the young lady feel relaxed.
Anneli wrapped her arms tighter around Wade. The words he spoke were beginning to melt her anguish. She wanted desperately for her heart to dominate what she thought. “My ideas of late have been way off.”
Wade copied Anneli’s move, cementing their cuddle. “Where have you been hiding my entire life?”
“I’ve been waiting for my hero to sweep me off my feet.”
“You’re looking for a romantic lifestyle?”
“Yes, I am.”
Anneli took hold of Wade’s hand. Walking along the street, they watched their reflection in the glass shop windows. When the shops were gone, they both looked at nothing in particular.
Anneli contemplated the idea of how Wade might react to the news of her appointed contract deed her father made.
Although they touched on the subject earlier, they didn’t discuss it at length. If she were to listen to what her heart suggested, she needed to be certain. Anneli looked sideways at Wade. ‘Is he the type of man to click his tongue and walk?’ She knew of only one way to find out.
“You’ve gone quiet,” commented Wade.
“I’ve been thinking.”
“I hope it’s nothing I’ve done?”
“Far from it,” said Anneli.
“I know you’ll tell me what’s on your mind when the time is right.”
“You’re a hard man to predict.”
“I blame it on my career.”
“Are you in the army?”
Wade let a chuckle slip. “No, I’m a lawyer, or at least I used to be.” He heard Anneli sigh before looking away. “Please, tell me what’s on your mind.”
“I suppose I do owe you an explanation.” For several moments, Anneli studied the ground at her feet. “When I was born, my father received a photo of a baby in the mail. A few weeks later a contract was drawn up and signed. I am expected to marry a man I have never met.”
The truth behind the story the messenger spun took Wade totally by surprise. He didn’t know how to react. One thing he knew he needed to keep his emotions in check.
“Stand up against the contract.”
“I’m expected to accept it. No exceptions. Years ago, I was informed the man’s family is rich.”
“Money’s not everything.”
“Exactly what I told my sister.”
“Simply tell your father no.”
“I’ve tried. The closer the meeting gets, the more I feel it’s easier just to give in.”
Wade lifted Anneli’s head, so they were looking at each other square in the face. “Although I don’t know you yet, you strike me to be an extremely strong, courageous young lady. I feel it in my spirit you can say no. You should stick to your ideas come what may. I’m positive when you relay to your father how you feel he will change his mind.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“What about if I talk to your father explaining how much this idea is stressing you?”
“No. I have to solve this problem on my own. My father and I have discussed the stupid idea a few times. I also told him how I felt about the entire mess.”
“What did he say?”
Anneli squeezed Wade’s hand. Tears rolled unhindered over her cheeks. “My father threatened to drop my name from his will if I didn’t marry the bloke. Adding to the list, he warned he will never see me again. I don’t want to back down on the idea I have the right to choose my husband. The trouble is, it’s getting harder every day.”
“You should never back off from what you want,” stated Wade.
“Again, I thank you for being on my side. It’s nice to know someone agrees.”
“What your father has proposed is illegal.”
“I know. Believe me; it’s easy to say.”
“Yes, it is. In an Australian court, you’d win hands down.”
“It’s good to know the law is also on my side.”
Wade restarted walking along the street; gently tugging Anneli’s arm.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
Wade winked. “I’m positive the place I’m thinking of will help to cheer you up. I promise every one of your ideas will turn out.”
“You’ve said a large commitment.”
“I sure did,” answered Wade.
Anneli fell silent, allowing the man, holding her hand to take her on a journey. Deep down she felt excited by not knowing where they might end up. She decided to entertain the feeling of suspense.
The two walked down the road for a few more minutes. They rounded the last bend. Tall masts from the many yachts tied up at the marina could be seen towering over the trees.
Anneli didn’t know what to make of it. She hadn’t known Wade for a great length of time. She started to count the hours since they met in her head. Summing up what she knew, she decided he lived next to the marina in a little one room seaside shack. It could even have a small wooden table amongst a miniature garden and a narrow window in which to view the sunset. Anneli loved her idea so much she posted it from her daydream to her consciousness. She started to relax, deciding she had easily discovered the secret of Wade’s little shanty.
Stepping onto the wharf, Wade firmly held Anneli’s hand. He noticed her expression slowly change from confident to complete bewilderment the further they walked along the wooden slats towards the end. At the halfway point, they heard the water gently lapping the pylons. Wade began to doubt if the young lady would approve of Charlotte.
“Wade, where are you taking me?” Anneli tugged at his arm in an attempt to signal she wanted to return to the road.
“We’re almost there. Soon you’ll meet Charlotte. I know when you meet her, you’ll understand.”
Anneli stopped walking and stared at Wade. “Tell me who Charlotte is? If you don’t, I refuse to take another step.”
Wade smiled his natural luring expression again hoping the act might calm her.
Anneli didn’t fall for it. She folded her arms, looking determined to have her say. “I’m not into guessing games. Tell me, or I’ll turn away from you and march back to the road.”
Wade gently took her hand. “We’re here. Take a look.”
Anneli looked sideways, staring at a brand-new yacht.
Wade stepped behind Anneli, slipping his arms around her waist. He swiveled her slightly. “You’re looking directly at Charlotte.”
“You named a yacht, Charlotte?”
“Yes and no.”
“Which is it?”
“The bloke who built the yacht christened her Charlotte after his wife. He told me it is bad luck to change names. I’m the first one to agree on what you are thinking; what a strange name for a yacht. I believe the name suits her.”
“I thought Charlotte might be your girlfriend or your wife or a daughter,” Anneli said.
Wade looked horrified. He gathered Anneli in closer. If nothing else he hoped the gesture would alleviate any suspicions she might have felt.
Anneli giggled at the misunderstanding. Wade chuckled.
“You’re correct. After the initial shock the name does grow on you.”
“Care to come onboard for the five-cent tour?”
“Yes, I’d love to,” chirped Anneli.
Wade stepped onboard and helped Anneli. Almost immediately she ran her hand along the main boom and looked up at the pulley bolted to the top of the mast.
“The mainsail appears to be rolled up and stowed perfectly,” she remarked.
“Of course,” said Wade.
Anneli stepped into the wheelhouse and stood behind the wheel, rubbing her hands around the outside of the highly-polished wood.
“You appear to be quite at home on a yacht,” stated Wade.
“I’ve been on a few.”
“Come, I’ll show you downstairs.”
The young lady followed Wade into the belly of the yacht. At the bottom step, he faced Anneli. “You’re the first visitor I’ve had.”
“This is indeed a momentous occasion.”
Wade palmed an open hand allowing Anneli to step into the small lounge. She nodded her approval at the inner sanctum.
Wade showed off the galley, the dining room, and the bedroom.
“I wondered when this room might come into the equation.”
Red-faced, Wade quickly closed the door. “Care for a drink?”
“What are you offering?”
“You can have either a white or a red wine.”
“White sounds nice,” answered Anneli.
She sat at the small round table watching Wade snatch a bottle of white wine from under the bench. She saw him fan out water crackers on a plate and coat the surface in a salmon topping.
Just as Wade finished the last biscuit, he suddenly looked up. “You do enjoy eating fish?”
Anneli deduced he looked a little nervous. Maybe after all the trouble he’d gone through to find her, he questioned the idea that she mightn’t eat seafood.
“Salmon is palatable,” she whispered on a sigh.
Wade walked to the table carrying a plate of biscuits and two glasses of wine.
“Do you live permanently onboard?” asked Anneli.
“No, this place is only temporary,” admitted Wade sitting opposite Anneli.
“Where in Melbourne do you live? Do you have a house or do you share it?”
“I live in a house on the coast overlooking the water.”
Wade felt a little uncomfortable at the personal questions. To hide the fact, he gulped half a glass of wine.
“You don’t answer my questions too easily do you?” mentioned Anneli.
“I’m a private person. I take a while to warm up.”
‘It’s not a good trait,’ thought Anneli, looking at the floor. “I thought we were trying to get to know one another.”
“I apologize. I’ve worked so hard trying to find you I don’t want to lose you by coming on too strong.”
“Honesty doesn’t seem to be your weakest point. I like it. You said you’re a lawyer?”
“Was a lawyer. I’ve recently changed directions.”
“Is this yacht one of the perks of the job?”
Wade shook his head.
“I don’t mean to sound rude. You don’t look old enough to have earned enough money to buy the small boat attached to the stern of this yacht.”
“I’d prefer it if we changed the subject.”
“I think our date if you could label it a date is over.” Anneli walked towards the stairs. Before climbing she faced Wade. “I believed we discovered something special on the bridge. A stranger walking alone at midnight insisting on giving me a kiss sounded and felt exciting.”
“I assumed we discovered something special too.”
“We were both wrong.”
Anneli climbed the stairs, marched across the deck and walked along the wharf towards the road.
Wade sat alone at the table contemplating should he run after Anneli. He’d worked so hard to find her he didn’t want her to slip through his fingers. Staring at the bottle of wine on the bench determination slowly wrinkled his brow. She wasn’t going to slip away uncontested. If he only managed to convince Anneli, she shouldn’t be enslaved in a loveless marriage, then so be it.



CHAPTER SIX



WADE SPRINTED up the stairs holding the empty wine bottle he plucked from the ocean. The same one that had the note inside. He stood on the deck searching the entire area. Beyond two young boys fishing, he found the silhouette of a lady leaning on the second pylon in from the beginning of the wharf. He stopped running when the gap between him and the young lady measured no more than ten feet.
For a long time, both stared at each other. The only sound came from the water lapping under the wooden boards.
“Before you go out of my life, I have something to show you.”
Anneli felt surprised at Wade’s determination to keep searching for her. She switched her gaze to the approaching cargo ship. “I’m not interested,” she mumbled.
“I’m going way out on a limb here. I have to insist you look at what I’m holding in my hand.”
“Why take the chance? It won’t get you anywhere.”
“I hope you’re wrong.”
“Okay, show me what you have then we can call it a night.”
Wade squared himself to Anneli and produced the wine bottle.
“I have seen plenty of wine bottles,” she jeered looking totally uninterested.
“I believe what is inside the bottle will tantalize your thoughts.”
Wade upended the bottle. The handwritten note fell into the palm of his hand. He watched Anneli’s expression alter dramatically from a non-caring attitude to eye-popping interest in a micro-second.
“Where did you find it?” she managed to whisper. The butterflies in her stomach were rampant.
“I’d been trying to familiarize myself sailing Charlotte. We were ten nautical miles from the entrance to Port Phillip Bay when I spied the bottle in the sea. Do you know anything about it? The person who signed the note was Anneli. At a guess, I believe there aren’t too many other ladies who have the same name as you.”
“I wrote on the paper I wanted a handsome Prince to sweep me off my feet. I sealed the note inside the bottle and threw it overboard from my father’s yacht twelve months ago.”
“Can we have a good friendly talk?” asked Wade.
Anneli sat, pulling Wade down to a sitting position. Their feet were inches away from the surface of the water.
Wade wiped the tears from Anneli’s cheeks. “I’m no Prince, but I’d love a chance to live up to your expectations and to be the hero; you’re longing for.”
“I’d love to give you that chance.”
Wade placed his arm around Anneli’s waist.
She leaned closer. She would give Wade his chance to be her hero. She didn’t have anything to lose by waiting. Wrapping her arms around him, she closed her eyes to the warm feeling surging through her veins.
The couple sat in the dark cuddling and looking out across the ocean. The breeze started to strengthen causing the waves to increase in size. The temperature quickly dropped at least three degrees. The sliver of moonlight shining across the calm sea vanished.
“I know of a great place. Please say you want to see it?” asked Wade.
“It’s the middle of the night.”
“Correction, it’s two in the morning. The place I’m thinking of has a great view at sunrise. If we leave now, we’ll be in time to see the first rays.”
“It sounds like a wonderful way to see in Christmas day.”
Wade dragged Anneli to a standing position. He took hold of her hand and led the way back to his yacht.
“Charlotte looks more appealing every time I see her.” Anneli stopped momentarily to absorb the yacht’s appearance.
“I told you there’s something unique about this boat. It seems to draw you in. I need you to stand exactly where you are. I’ll be one minute.”
Wade opened a hatch cover on the deck near the stern of the boat. He clasped a strap around each of his wrists so he could heave a motorbike onto the deck. A minute later he wheeled the craft off the yacht. He winked at Anneli and scurried back into Charlotte. In seconds, he returned carrying a small blue plastic container. Wade dived back down the stairs a second time. When he returned, he brought a fifteen-foot-long green canvas bag. He jumped onto the wharf, placing it next to the bike.
“Do you want to tell me what’s in the bag?”
“Five aluminum poles. I’d like to keep their use a secret until later,” said Wade.
Anneli scrunched her nose. She decided to hide the fact she felt a little awkward over not hearing the answer to her query.
Wade tried to smooth things over by changing the subject.
“I think I should motor Charlotte out to deeper water. I’m not sure if the old timer was correct or not. At any rate, I think there’s heavy rain on the way. If I leave her tied up at the wharf, she might be damaged. What do you say to a two-minute cruise? When we are back here, we can begin our short trip.”
“I love the idea!”
Anneli helped untie the ropes tethering Charlotte to the pylons and scrambled onboard. Wade turned the ignition key. Under their feet, they felt a vibration. Wade revved the engine and turned the wheel, easing Charlotte away from the wharf.
Two hundred feet from the shoreline, Wade cut the engine. He pushed a button next to the wheel. A medium size anchor and chain plummeted to the sea bed. For a moment he stood looking at Anneli, showering his memory in her radiant beauty. She seemed to have enjoyed the freedom of being the only other person around. She broke into a smile at the same time the sea breeze teased the tips of her hair. She looked picture perfect. It was as though the artist fussed over the exact colors to capture every minuscule detail. Anneli looked at Wade which heightened the electricity flowing through Wade’s body.
“You are indeed a beautiful young lady. Your eyes outshine the brightest diamond.”
Anneli’s cheeks flushed red at the compliment. She had never heard anyone else say anything nice about her. She decided to shelve the words in her mind. When she was alone or feeling down, she would recall the words.
Wade took one last tour of the lower deck. For the first time since he bought the yacht, he forgot to glance at the barometer. If he did alarm bells would’ve rung in his mind to alert him of the danger forming further out at sea.
The two-motored back to shore in the small dingy. Wade tied the tiny craft to the wharf. In less than a minute the motorbike’s motor was idling. He tied the green canvas bag to the side of the bike, jumped on the seat and helped Anneli to sit behind him.
With Anneli’s arms wrapped tight around Wade’s waist, he navigated the bike towards the only mountain that overlooked Darwin. Almost the entire length of the long poles strapped to the side of the motorbike trailed behind them.
The two riders failed to notice the storm clouds ahead of Cyclone Tracy blinking out the stars a few dozen at a time. Both focused on the idea of seeing in the sun rising on Christmas day.

Only eight hours remained until Tracy hit land.

Wade expertly followed the double line in the middle of the road as he navigated the thirteen-dry bends to the top of the mountain. He parked next to a miner’s hut in the center of the plateau. The area of flat ground looked no larger than an average house block. He unstrapped the long rigid canvas bag from the side of the motorbike, placed it on the ground and helped Anneli off the bike. Immediately she turned in slow circles, admiring the view.
“Darwin looks magnificent from this height. The view of the street lights takes your breath away.”
“Six hundred feet above Darwin certainly has a grand view. Where you’re standing is almost the perfect place to watch the sunrise.”
“Almost?” Anneli sounded a little puzzled.
“There’s a plateau the size of a car on the small rise directly behind you. To me, it’s the perfect view. The grass is a mirror image of the seventeenth green at the Flinders private golf club. Before you see the view, please allow me to give you a free guided tour of the hut.”
Wade didn’t wait for a reply. He walked over and pushed the door open.
Anneli stepped to the hut’s threshold and looked inside.
“You can go in; I won’t bite.”
“I know you won’t. If whoever owns this place finds us inside, I think he might call the police.”
Wade chuckled mischievously. “I promise I won’t prosecute.”
“You?” questioned Anneli.
“Not many people know I own this mansion. The land around here belongs to me too. When you step inside the hut, I’ll be able to prove it.”
Wade sidestepped to the outside corner of the hut. He stooped under a ‘lean-to’ made of tin, hovered over a small generator and clicked the ‘start’ button. The machine coughed a few times then settled into a noisy rhythm. In the middle of the hut, a single light globe slowly brightened.
Wade coaxed Anneli to enter. He walked her to the adjacent wall where she stood gob-smacked. Hanging on the wall, she saw a photo of Wade standing in front of Charlotte. She stared at Wade through protruding eyes.
“It is true, what you said about owning this hut?” she whispered.
Wade puffed out his chest, his natural smile enveloping his face.
“Yes. I want everyone to believe I’m a humble man. I don’t spread it around I bought this place.”
Anneli giggled. “I’m sorry to announce you resemble a proud man in the photo in the frame that’s hanging off the wall.”
“It happened to be a happy occasion. I took possession of Charlotte and this place on the same day. The local Constable volunteered to take the photo.”
The guided tour of the single room miner’s hut lasted no more than five minutes. In one corner Anneli saw a small brick fireplace. Cobwebs hung from every corner, nook, and cranny of the hut. In their hay-day, the exposed wooden beams above her could have been a talking piece. Anneli felt sad at seeing deep fissures in the dry wooden surface. In the center of the hut, the main post looked slightly off vertical. Its purpose was to hold up the cross beam which supported the rusting sheets of corrugated iron that covered the roof cavity. The metal sheets had been taken off several times over the decades so the rafters could be swapped and the original tin put back. Compacted dirt made up the floor. A horizontal crack ran through the middle of the only window. Dirt smothered the surface making the glass semi-transparent.
Wade saw Anneli’s expression of jubilation slowly vanish.
“A little elbow grease and lots of money will see the hut fit for living. I believe it could be a great place to get away from everything.”
Anneli laughed nervously, looking more closely at the dilapidated walls and roof.
“Come on; time stops for nothing. If you want to see the first rays of the sunrise we’ll have to climb to the plateau,” coaxed Wade. Taking hold of Anneli’s hand, they walked towards the door.
Wade swiped a cast iron plate the size of a concrete stepping stone from a closed drawer under the only bench. He walked over to the motorbike and took out the small plastic container from a bag which he tied to the side of the bike back at the wharf. He led Anneli around to the rear of the miner’s hut and helped her climb the twenty-seven steps to wonderland.
Wade helped Anneli to hurdle a low rock wall. He sat her down on the green grass and walked about gathering twigs. He quickly constructed a pyramid style fire between four bricks and struck a match.
When the fire took hold, he placed the cast iron plate on top of the four bricks; two at each end of the plate. Using cooking oil from a small bottle he had placed in the plastic container; four pieces of chicken were soon sizzling. Wade poured a small amount of marinade over the chicken. The aroma wafting through the air made them feel hungry.
“All we need is the champagne,” taunted Anneli.
Her short giggles were contagious. Wade was still chuckling when he pulled a small bottle from his pocket. Two-shot glasses were in the other pocket.
“You’ve thought of everything,” stated Anneli.
“I hope so. The only thing missing is the perfect sunrise,” whispered Wade.
“We don’t have to wait long. The horizon has started to lighten.”
Wade looked skyward. The red billowing clouds appeared to be on fire. The birds chirping frantically in the nearby trees suddenly took flight, vanishing over the other side of the mountain.
“What’s the worried look for?” asked Anneli.
“Have you ever heard of the old saying; ‘red sky in the morning sailor’s warning?’”
“No, I never have,” said Anneli.
Wade again studied the clouds. “The red sky can’t look any angrier. The fact the birds have flown away means there’s a storm building.”
“Any idea how many hours will fly by before the storm hits?”
“If I were to make a guess, I’d say three or four hours.” Wade made a half-hearted shrug of a shoulder and sat. Using a magical swipe of his hand two paper napkins and two forks appeared. Acting all professional, he served up the chicken.
“This is my best Christmas day ever,” announced Anneli.
“Merry Christmas,” said Wade. He lifted his small glass full to the brim of champagne to eye level.
Anneli mirrored his move, letting a giggle seep between her lips when the glasses clinked together. “Merry Christmas.”



CHAPTER SEVEN


Three hours and twenty-five minutes until Cyclone Tracy crosses land.


OVER THE next ninety minutes Anneli and Wade grew accustomed to each other, cementing the fact they were meant to be together. They laughed, talked and stared at the sky to view the approaching storm. Their conversation changed to serious when their love for each other not only mushroomed; it grew rapidly. They explored each other’s histories in detail. They easily eradicated any potential problem. Discovering Anneli had just graduated from her law studies took Wade completely by surprise.
Lying on her stomach, Anneli arched her back and leaned on her elbows. “I don’t care if it rains or a storm hits, right now is perfect. I can’t believe anything could bring a halt to the magnificent beginning of Christmas day.”
“So far it has been a wonderful morning,” declared Wade. He ran his fingers through Anneli’s long hair. “Are you up for another surprise?”
“What, there is more?”
Wade pulled Anneli upright. He reached and gently took hold of her hand. He then led the way back to the miner’s hut. After swiping a length of nylon rope from off the ground near the door, they followed a sandy track for a few minutes that ended at the base of a radio tower on the other side of the hill.
The structure mirrored a high voltage electrical tower. Its large square base at ground level tapered to a point seventy-feet in the air. Large transmitter dishes dotted the outside of the structure near the top.
“Are you up for a climb?” asked Wade.
Adrenaline instantly flowed through Anneli’s veins. “Yes,” she answered confidently. In secret, she could feel her knees trembling at the thought of climbing the tower in a mini skirt.
Wade unwound the rope, tying one end around Anneli’s waist, the other around his waist.
“Only in case.” Wade stepped up to the metal structure and began to climb.
Anneli’s mind raced. Instead of saying she didn’t want to climb the tower she clamped her jaw shut, biting at the inside of her cheek to hide her nervousness. Besides, the man she had strong feelings for seemed confident enough to see to her safety.
Anneli held the thin rope in her left hand. She waited for Wade’s feet to clear a half a body length from the crown of her head before she began to climb.
The first twenty feet wasn’t easy. They needed to reach up for the cross bar of the metal structure and slide along the thin railing to the other end of the frame. The rusty metal edges turned their hands orange. On the outside of the main tower legs, there were two rods about the thickness of Wade’s middle finger. They jutted out of the frame slightly less than ten inches.
‘Obviously used for the purpose for foot and handholds,’ thought Anneli studying the rods.
After completing the climbing sequence several times, the duo made it to the first metal platform. The area looked to be about the same size of a standard four door sedan.
Anneli pointed to the ladder welded to the side. “The next few levels seem easy.”
They climbed to the fourth level in double quick time and sat on the painted metal floor overlooking Darwin, the sea, and the surrounds.
“What a picture-perfect view,” Anneli described.
“It is,” agreed Wade.
Anneli lay prone, viewing the sky. Wade lay next to her on one elbow staring at her eyes. He felt content nothing and no one would interrupt their time.
“Wade, this is a beautiful spot.”
“It’s only beautiful due to the fact you’re here.”
Anneli sat bolt upright looking at his natural smile. She needed to bury the idea of throwing herself at him. If he wanted her, it would have to be long division. Never again will anyone try to order her to do something she didn’t believe was right. The man she will give her virginity to will be of her choosing.
“Wade, thank you for the compliment, you make this place special too.”
The couple embraced at the same time a low rumble rolled across the sky. The first raindrop fell onto the bridge of Anneli’s nose. The second drop landed heavily on the top of her head. A strong gust of wind buffeted Wade’s shirt. The first lightning bolt split the sky above Darwin. The billowing black clouds quickly swallowed the picturesque sunrise. The temperature dropped several more degrees. In a couple of minutes, another thunder clap rumbled in the heavens causing the radio tower to vibrate. A few more drops of rain fell onto the metal platform causing the water to splatter into the air.
“A little rain never hurt anyone,” said Anneli, brushing the water from her legs.
In only thirty minutes the sky changed from a bright red sunrise to a solid charcoal colored cold front. The ink-colored clouds were billowing faster.
From their vantage point, Wade pointed to Charlotte bobbing on the sea of white caps. “The wind is strengthening.”
“Maybe we should get back to the Darwin CBD,” suggested Anneli.
Wade glanced at his watch. “I don’t think we have enough time. It’s now three minutes past nine in the morning. It’ll take at least fifty minutes in this wind to get back down the mountain. In my opinion, the two of us on a motorbike is far too dangerous if the rain saturates the dirt road. I vote we climb down from here and wait for the storm to blow itself out. The warning the old man said might have been correct.”
“No offence, your quaint hut has a lot of holes. I don’t think it’s the safest place to wait out a storm.”
“You’re correct. We can’t stay in the hut. I’ve just thought of a backup plan.”
By the time, Wade finished talking; the rain had started to splatter the dirt near their feet. In seconds, the myriad of small dents in the metal floor looked to be pooling.
Hailstones larger than a five-cent coin soon followed.
Wade looked down at the tops of the trees growing close to the base of the tower. The canopy of leaves started to thrash about in the strengthening wind. The ageing radio tower felt to be in a state of constant vibration.
Unexpectantly, the structure swayed slightly to the left.
“Wade, I’m scared. This tower doesn’t seem too stable!” screamed Anneli.
The tower groaned as it swayed to the right. Lightning pierced the blackened sky time and again. The wind ruffled Anneli’s long hair, blowing it into a mane as it streamed away from her scalp. Wade’s clothes took on the appearance of a flag in a storm.
Wade took hold of Anneli’s hand to help keep her upright. “I agree with you. The way this tower is vibrating she might topple at any minute. Come on; we must hurry. We need to get to the safe place I’m thinking of.”
By the time, Wade and Anneli walked over to the ladder, the wind seemed to have doubled in strength. The sky looked to be a massive disco ball from the endless flashes of blue. The deep rumbles were catching up on the lightning strikes.
The first part of the descent was incident free. When Wade and Anneli had reached the next metal floor, the rain had soaked the two climbers to the skin. Their clothes clung to their back causing them to make robotic movements.
Wade and Anneli didn’t know Cyclone Tracy would hit landfall in only thirty-five minutes. They had thirty-seven minutes to find shelter.
“We have to hurry,” yelled Wade over the wind. He grabbed hold of the first rung and started down.
The tower vibrated. Again, it swayed slightly to the left. Wade clung to the main frame. Anneli dropped to all fours then lay prone. She screamed. Any piece of dry fabric on her mini skirt instantly soaked up the large pool of water on the metal plate.
When the tower stopped swaying, Wade looked at Anneli. He nodded. She started down. Three feet above the next platform Anneli jumped onto the plate.
Wade and Anneli displayed a smug expression as they cuddled in a loving embrace to protect the other from being buffeted by the gale force wind.
“Before we start our final stage of the descent, we’ll rest here for a few minutes,” declared Wade.
“Good idea.” Anneli staggered a little in a stronger than expected gust.
The wind appeared to be pushing the rain sideways. The tower vibrated yet again. The rivets and the bolts holding the metal plate Wade and Anneli were standing on snapped. Shrapnel flew in every direction. One side of the plate kicked up before settling back on a horizontal plane. Anneli lost her footing and was wrenched out of Wade’s arms, throwing her across the plate towards the edge. She screamed in fear. The sudden weight on the rope saw Wade hydroplaning across the metal surface after her. A surge of water raised by his slide followed Anneli over the edge, cascading to the ground in one long waterfall.
The rope between the two tightened to piano wire tension.
Wade managed to grab hold of a cross beam. He dug his heels into the metal floor. The action stopped the slide.
“Are you hurt?” called Wade, grimacing from the effort at stopping the fall.
“No, I’m fine,” yelled Anneli over the wind. “I’ve received a cold shower, but I’ll be okay.”
Wade exhaled a massive sigh. He repositioned his handhold by pulling himself back an inch or two. Slightly to his left Wade spied a long bolt sticking out of the floor. If he could only reach the bolt, he’d use it for a perfect foothold and easily haul Anneli up. “Grab hold of the metal structure,” he called.
“Wade, if you give me a little slack, I’ll be able to grab hold of the beam in front of me. It’s just out of reach.”
“The only way to do what you’ve asked is for me to let go.”
“Trust me. The strain will be off the rope when I have hold of the cross beam. You’ll be able to haul me up.”
“I’m not going to let go.”
“You have to,” urged Anneli.
“I’ve stumbled on a solution. I just need you to grab something and I’ll be able to pull you up.”
Anneli viewed the ground twenty feet directly below her. She could only imagine the scene from Wade’s position.
“I’ve another idea,” she called.
“Whatever it is, I’m not buying.”
“I knew you’d never agree to my request. Let me explain. There’s a bolt wedged precariously on the edge of the plate. I’ll swing towards the plate above my head, reach up and grab it.”
“Okay, I agree. Make sure you hold on tight. The moment the rope slackens, I’ll reposition myself to pull you up.”
Anneli moved her legs back and forth to start a swinging motion. On a forward, swing she grabbed hold of the bolt. Using the sharp thread, she began cutting the rope.
Wade’s shoulder started to ache. Soon it would pull away from its socket. If he didn’t let go soon, he’d have a dislocated shoulder.
“Anneli, have you gripped the bolt?” His call sounded weak at best.
“Hold on; I’m almost through.”
The pitch in Anneli’s voice, the words she spoke and the way she delivered them gave away her secret.
“Stop cutting the rope.”
Anneli doubled her efforts. “How did you know?”
“I made a calculated guess. Please, the only thing you have to do is reach out, take the strain from off the rope and I will pull you up.”
“The plate’s overhang is preventing me from grabbing the cross beam. If I time my stunt perfectly when I cut through the rope, my return swing will see me hurtle towards the beam.”
“What if your timing is off?”
“Let’s put it this way. You’re determined never to let go. On your stubbornness alone, you’ll either slip, the rope will break, or lightning could strike the tower. After all, this structure is a metal radio tower and a fragile one at that. My plan is the only way to save us both.”
Wade knew he couldn’t hold on forever. If he waited too long his strength will be gone. Whatever they did it needed to happen now. If Anneli’s plan mistimed in any way, she’d slip from the beam in front of her and plummet to her death.
“Okay. If you stop cutting the rope, I’ll let go,” said Wade.
Anneli quickly decided Wade might be stalling for time. Instead of stopping, she kept up her sawing technique. When the rope slid over the bolt’s thread for the umpteenth time the ageing bolt head sheared clean off. She leaned sideways in a desperate attempt to catch it. Her fingertip tapped the bolt head, making it ricochet against the tower frame. She watched it plummet to the ground. She blinked her tears into submission.
Anneli hung suspended in midair. Staring at the rope through fearful eyes she saw one nylon fibre after the next stretch, fray and snap. She cleared her throat and tried to sound confident.
“Wade, I’ll start swinging. When I say, just let go.”
Wade slowly shook his head. His mind slipped into overdrive, desperately searching for a solution, well aware he’d been in tighter situations.
“If you want to pray to the man upstairs now might be a good time,” called Anneli.
“Okay, I’m ready,” announced Wade.
“You sound a little perplexed. Don’t worry; it’ll work out, trust me.”
Wade picked up on the terror in Anneli’s voice. Something sounded wrong, of what, he didn’t know. Still undecided of what it might be, Anneli started swinging.
The half-cut rope quickly frayed more from the extra strain. The wind intensified further, howling through the metal structure. The tops of the trees were bent halfway to the ground. The lightning flashes came every few seconds. Thunder quickly followed each bright flash.
The ache in Wade’s arm rapidly developed into excruciating pain. He estimated in moments his shoulder might slip out of its socket. In desperation, he glanced around the area for something else to help save them. His gaze zeroed in on the jutting out bolt Anneli described. The rope must be hooked when he dived over the side. If Anneli mistimed her swing, the bolt would assist in the perfect backup plan. He didn’t have time to go through the entire scenario. He prayed the rope might stay strong enough. “Wait a few extra seconds,” Wade groaned.
“No, it’s now or never.”
Although Anneli didn’t weigh much, the strain on Wade’s shoulder from the swinging motion seemed to be taking its toll. He needed to let go.
Wade dug his heels in, setting himself to dive. He vaguely remembered hearing Anneli yelling, ‘now.’
Everything happened at the same time. Wade let go of the only hand hold which helped to keep them alive. His body lurched forward at the same time Anneli swung back for the beam in front of her.
The rope tightened, pulling Wade towards the edge and perhaps certain death.
In the seconds leading up to this maneuver, Wade ironed out his backup plan. Deep down he hoped he didn’t have to risk the highly dangerous stunt. If there was more time to prepare, he’d have thought of something else. He wanted to kick himself for placing Anneli in such a dangerous predicament.
Anneli swung too hard. Reaching out for the beam her hands slipped off the cold, wet, metal surface. She started to plummet towards the ground, realizing Wade might soon follow. Her eyes widened in fear.
‘If I’m about to die I’m unusually calm,’ Anneli thought. Goosebumps erupted on her arms. Her long black hair hung heavy. Water dripped from off the tips. The only thing she could focus on was the ground rushing up to meet her.
Wade used his toes as a springboard. He dived for the edge of the structure, concentrating on the foothold sticking out. He gritted his teeth, focusing on the rope as it went from slightly slack to over tight. He dived over the side of the structure. A torrent of water followed him towards the ground. If he timed his backup plan to perfection, the rope would snag on the foothold, allowing him to open his arms and collect Anneli when they collided. Doubt over his plan made his stomach turn into knots.
‘What if for some unforeseen circumstance the rope missed the foothold?’ The thought struck Wade hard. Either way, in seconds he’d know the outcome.
Wade felt a huge tug. He opened his arms to collect Anneli. She crashed hard against his chest, locking them into a swinging embrace.
“Nice catch!” exclaimed Anneli.
“You missed the handhold you were aiming for.”
“It was wet.”
Lightning pierced the sky directly above them. The next deep rumble sounded louder. The wind speed seemed to have increased ten-fold.
When the duo caught their breath, Wade pushed Anneli towards the metal structure. She clung to the main beam and slowly descended, taking extra care.
Finally, they made it to terra firma. Wade untied the rope around their waist, coiling it in his hand. When he came to the cut, he looked at Anneli through concerned eyes.
“You almost cut the rope in two. The rope couldn’t take much more. Only a few strands remain undamaged. Saying that, I’m sure your plan would’ve worked.”
“I’m happy you thought up a second plan,” admitted Anneli.
Wade looped the rope around his belt. He reached out and gently took hold of Anneli’s hand and led the way back to the hut along the muddy trail.
“What now?” Anneli yelled over the roar of the wind.
Wade looked through the hut’s window at the condition of the hut. Already ankle-deep water covered the dirt floor. “You’re correct about waiting out the storm in the hut.”
“We can’t stay outside. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if this storm forms into a massive cyclone,” screamed Anneli.
Wade and Anneli sprinted towards the motorbike. She straddled the black seat, ready for a fast ride. Wade picked up the long rigid canvas bag he brought from the yacht and quickly tied it to the side of the bike.
“Hold on tight. I know a safe place.”
“Of course,” she whispered.
A loud clap of thunder directly overhead drowned her words.
Wade glanced over his shoulder. “I missed what you said.”
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“You’ll see. Hang on tight.”
Anneli didn’t need to be told twice. She pushed her hands around Wade’s waist, locking her fingers together. Through his soaking wet shirt, she could feel his taught stomach muscles tighten.
Wade roared the motorbike over the top of the hill, slipping and sliding on the soft waterlogged ground. Another round of forked lightning lit the sky, highlighting the area. Almost immediately thunder vibrated the ground.
The narrow path they were travelling along quickly formed into a creek from the monsoonal downpour. In a few minutes, the track would be useless to trace. The gale force wind and the rain forced Anneli to close her eyes. Instead of asking again where they were going, she decided to trust the man steering the motorbike.
Fifty feet directly in front, the two riders came to a small narrow opening in the side of the hill. At speed, Wade burst through the entrance. Twenty feet from the cave’s mouth they stopped in the middle of a thirty-foot wide cavity. After Wade silenced the bike’s engine, he looked over his shoulder at Anneli. He knew from the minute they kissed on the bridge he’d fallen in love. Looking at her now, it was a foregone conclusion.
“I hope you’re not thinking I look a mess?” questioned Anneli.
“Never. If what I am seeing is your worst look, you are the most beautiful girl I’ve ever had the privilege to meet.”
Wade climbed off the bike. His wet clothes were almost transparent. Anneli’s eyebrows shot skywards at what she saw.
‘You look and feel great yourself,’ she thought. “You didn’t mention there’s a bunker close to the hut,” said Anneli, masking her erotic thoughts.
“This place isn’t a bunker. It’s a disused mine. Back in the early nineteen-hundreds, a man known only as Sea Dog started to dig. Legend has it; he did find gold. His biggest mistake happened to be bragging about it to the wrong people. They robbed him of his life.”
“What happened to the gold?”
“No idea. I couldn’t unearth any more details.”
Anneli turned in slow circles. Comparing the cave to the few she had previously visited over the years; the mine appeared the same.
“I placed a few provisions in here just in case I happened to be caught unawares by the rain.”
“Planning for the unexpected is a good thing.” Anneli refocused on the man standing directly in front of her.
Wade walked over to a knee high, Tasmanian oak cabinet. He squatted. Using his fingers, he dug at the hardened dirt directly underneath the lock, unearthing a small silver key. He unlocked the door, pulling the contents off the only shelf. He pushed a small matchbox into his back pocket then handed a towel to Anneli. She grabbed it and immediately started to dry her hair. Next, he unraveled a blanket on the ground. A black tracksuit was in the middle.
“The clothes are too big for you. Sorry, it’s the best I can do,” he said.
Anneli stooped and picked up the tracksuit. “Thank you. The only thing missing is a change room.”
“I’ll take a look outside to see if the rain has eased. I’ll return in five minutes.”
Wade walked towards the entrance of the mine. To try to block out the urge to view Anneli’s half naked body, he concentrated on the storm which seemed to be getting worse by the minute. Behind him, Wade heard a groan. He subconsciously turned his head in time to see Anneli standing naked. She stood side on to him totally oblivious to the pair of eyes staring at her. Wade’s mind soaked up the image of her complexion. Her long black hair, still damp from the rain, cascaded over her shoulders. He felt the twinges of love pull at his heartstrings. He wanted to walk over and hold her in his arms for eternity. Wade sighed, forcing his eyes to look back at the rain. He watched the strengthening wind push the hail sideways. Each lightning strike and thunderclap rolled together into one continuous light show and one infinite baritone noise.
Quiet footsteps approached from behind him, jerking Wade back into reality.
Anneli pushed her arms around his waist. Instead of looking out at the storm she closed her eyes. Her mind bathed in his strength. His masculine smell wafted into her nostrils; exciting her. She wanted him to take her to a private location so they could make passionate love. She felt as though they were supposed to be together for eternity.
Wade could feel Anneli’s warm body against his. He instantly thought of the previous erotic scene when he turned from viewing the storm. He knew he should only shelve her beauty in his memory, but sweeping Anneli off her feet and making love to her engulfed his thoughts.
Anneli’s voice broke the spell. “I found a dry shirt inside the tracksuit. It’s too large for me. I’m warm enough in the tracksuit.” She secretly hoped Wade would take off his wet shirt. Her pupils danced at the thought of seeing his upper torso and broad shoulders.
Standing square to Anneli, Wade stripped off the wet shirt. He reeled her in close. He felt her warm breath sweep across his cheeks. Their embrace tightened. Their lips were hovering apart by only the width of a hair. Anneli moved her arms further across Wade’s shoulders. The move pulled them in closer. For the next few minutes, there’d be no communication between them. There didn’t have to be. Each knew what the other wanted. Their lips lightly touched. For several heartbeats neither seemed to dare to take the final step. Both were pondering the same question. Will the kiss feel the same as it did on the bridge or will they be disappointed?
Which one will be brave enough to make the final move?



CHAPTER EIGHT


Thirty minutes until Cyclone Tracy crosses on to the land from the sea.


ANNELI’S STEPFATHER stared out of the hotel window at the Cyclone. He had insisted on paying for the presidential suite and the entire sixth floor for several nights. His plans of having a flawless first impression between Anneli and her future husband appeared to be failing. After hearing the warning on the radio of the imminent cyclone he frantically sprinted from room to room, waking his family. Darryl found each of his sons asleep lying next to a young lady.
“Where’s Meredith?” cussed Darryl, glaring at his middle son lying in bed.
The young blonde-haired woman next to him pulled the blanket over her head.
“Dad, what’s the meaning of barging into my private room?”
“I don’t care to answer your question. Have you any idea where your sister is, let alone her husband?”
The young man sighed. “She’s in the room at the end of the hall. Number six twenty-two.”
Darryl marched across the room to the door. Reaching for the handle, he looked over his shoulder. “Get dressed. Be downstairs in one minute.”
“I’m tired after my extra late night. Why should I even want to agree to get out of bed?”
The young lady under the blanket curled into a tight ball.
“There’s a cyclone on the way. You have thirty seconds to get yourself downstairs. Bring the young woman.”
Darryl sprinted down the corridor, found room six twenty-two and pounded on the door. He counted to three then kicked it in.
Meredith’s bags looked to have been already packed. She sat on a chair waiting for her husband to hang up the phone.
“Quick, downstairs, there’s a cyclone on her way.”
Dirk slammed the phone back on the hook, staring at his father-in-law. “When I woke early, I heard the weather report. They named the storm cyclone, Tracy. I’ve put an order in for two cabs to deliver everyone to the airport. Inside an hour, we’ll be on our way back to Melbourne.”
“There’s no time,” growled Darryl. “The cyclone’s too close. Everyone, downstairs and congregate in the main reception area. The concierge has insisted everyone stays indoors.”
“Merry Christmas,” said Meredith to her husband.
Dirk gave her a reassuring kiss on the forehead then led the party down the stairs.
In the main dining room, a long table was set for breakfast. When the hot food, consisting of bacon, eggs, toast, jam, pancakes, muffins, and caviar was brought out from the kitchen, the two waitresses were singing a Christmas carol. Evidently, they were ordered to cheer up the guests.
Darryl marched over to the dining room window. He stood watching the cyclone. The wind started rattling the taped glass. The trees were bending, almost touching the ground. Metal signs, bricks, roofing tiles and entire caravans were airborne.
Meredith walked across the pale grey carpet. She folded her arms and stood next to her stepfather. “This looks bad,” she said.
“A half hour ago, the radio reported the experts labeled this a freak cyclone. They have upgraded the category to number four. If the report is accurate, there won’t be much of Darwin when Cyclone Tracy has gone.”
Meredith glued her gaze on a small car tumbling end over end down the road. As she watched the car crashed into the building opposite. To her horror the building’s brick wall collapsed onto the ground. Brick fragments were scooped up by the wind and hurled further down the road.
“That was too close!” squealed Meredith. She rubbed the goose bumps on her bare arms.
“I think we should move away from the window and retire to the banquet table to join in on the festivities. We might be here for a while,” whispered Darryl.
“How can you think of food?”
“Easy, I’m hungry for the free breakfast the owner of this hotel has graciously provided.”
Meredith’s jaw dropped open. An expression of sheer panic forced her to pull on her stepfather’s shoulder. “Where’s Anneli?”
“I have no idea. Believe me, I did try to find her. When your brothers came home, I asked them had they seen her. They weren’t much help.”
“You sound like you don’t care?”
“Our heated discussion over my idea for her planned marriage has left a sour taste in my mouth. I know I should care; however, at this moment, I’m happy she’s not here. Anneli has ruined Christmas enough.”
Meredith displayed a fiery look. “The argument happened nearly twelve months ago.”
“Time flies.”
“Have you spoken to Anneli since the heated meeting last new-years-eve?”
Hearing footsteps, Darryl looked away. “Your husband is coming for you. Be a good girl; keep him happy.”



CHAPTER NINE



ANNELI TOOK the initiative to go the one step further and kissed her hero. The kiss on the bridge felt amateurish compared to the kiss they shared in the cave in the middle of a cyclone. The wind seemed to heighten the sensation.
Finally, she stepped back. Wade regathered her in close. Anneli surrendered, allowing him to kiss her even longer. She felt weak in his strong arms. She needed her hero to look after her. She craved the thought, but wanted it known she wasn’t a weak female.
Anneli gently broke the kiss.
Wade released his hold. For a few moments, they stood gazing at each other’s eyes.
“There’s something I need to say.”
“I’m listening,” whispered Wade, giving her his undivided attention.
Anneli broke free of his grip only to lean her back seductively against the wall of the mine.
“Whatever it is you’re thinking about, just say it.”
“I’m not sure how,” she admitted on a sigh. She kicked at a clump of dirt.
“It’s okay. If this helps in any way; you have an inner strength which enables you to be strong when the need arises.”
“How did you sum me up so easily?”
“I’m a lawyer. I’ve taught myself to discover how innocent the person is by the slightest inkling of a twitch that might be out of place.”
Anneli pouted. “The instinct will be priceless to learn. What am I thinking?”
“I have decided to put my ability aside only for you. I feel it’s my duty.”
Anneli fell quiet. She looked outside at the storm, a distant look in her eyes. Eventually she refocused on Wade. “You’re correct. What I have been thinking has to be told.”
Wade stood his ground eagerly waiting to hear every word.
“I want to reveal you’ve pegged me correctly. I’ll also tell you I’m no weakling. I will not tolerate you or any man taking advantage or ordering me to do anything against what I believe. I walk a narrow path. I will not wander away from it either in thought or actions. I’d love to take our relationship further. If you can’t accept who or what I am, the minute this storm’s over, we’ll part and never see each other again.”
“I’m happy you made your thoughts crystal clear. Now I know your ideas about the future, I think it’s only fair I should lay out mine,” said Wade.
Anneli looked a little sheepish at what he might say. An idea entered her mind she came on too strong and might have scared the man away. Did she say her thoughts in a too harsh a tone? She wanted to kick herself for being so blunt. Could Meredith have been correct all along; ‘give in and let the current take you on a ride.’
Wade cleared his throat. His tone of voice sounded strong and sincere. “I also want to take our relationship to the next level. I won’t ever order you around. I love the fact you are a strong individual. I expect you to stay the same. Your strength attracted me to you in the first place.”
“How, I didn’t do anything?”
“It’s not what you said it was the way you looked at me the night we met on the bridge. Your body language spoke directly to me.”
“Interesting theory,” said Anneli.
Four lightning flashes, four thunder claps in the space of a few seconds interrupted the conversation. Another round of rumbles soon followed. Water poured over the mouth of the cave. The hill above them trembled violently. Wade and Anneli ran towards the rear of the cave. A dirt avalanche slid down the hill. Mud and rocks covered the mouth of the cave. Wade forced Anneli onto the ground, grabbed hold of the cabinet and pulled it over on top of them.
When the trembling above them eventually subsided, Wade slid out from underneath the cabinet. Squatting in the dark, he righted the frame.
“I can’t see a thing,” stammered Anneli. “The cave mouth must be completely blocked.”
“Don’t move. I’ll have a light on in a minute.”
Wade opened the cabinet door. His hands swept the inside cavity. When his fingers touched, what, he searched for, Wade swiped up the narrow tube and moved the switch on the torch to the ‘on’ position.
The cave remained the color of black ink.
“Let me guess what’s happened. The batteries are flat,” stated Anneli.
“Hold your thought. The last time I came here I placed one of the batteries in the slot the wrong way around. I didn’t want them to go flat. Hopefully, they’ll still be good to use.”
Wade fumbled in the dark, turning the first battery around so they could be connected in series. They heard a click. The beam of light highlighted Anneli’s torso.
“Are you okay? No broken bones?”
“I’m fine on both questions. What about you?”
“I’m okay,” answered Wade.
Anneli glanced towards the mouth of the cave. “I wouldn’t be surprised if this storm forms into a destructive cyclone. The only thing we can do now is to dig our way out.” She noted Wade’s smug expression. “Don’t tell me there’s a back door to this place.”
“To tell you the truth, there is. Let’s make a move. It’ll take a while to get there.”
After picking up the long rigid bag, Wade led the way.
“What about the motorbike?” Anneli probed.
“It’ll be fine. When the area has dried, we can return to dig it out.”
A wave of warm emotion swept through Anneli. The epicenter of the feeling came from her heart. She loved the term, ‘WE.’ For the first time in her life, she felt like she belonged to something important.
The rear of the cave abruptly stopped at the entrance to a long narrow tunnel. The air smelt stale.
Several steps along the tunnel Wade stopped to look over his shoulder.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of. I’ve been this way a couple of times.”
Anneli hesitantly entered the tunnel. She caught him up, grabbing hold of his arm.
“The dark tunnel looks extremely inhospitable,” she groaned choking on her words.
“Trust me; it’ll be okay.”
Anneli nodded when Wade took hold of her hand.
The pair walked through the tunnel at a tediously slow pace. Anneli studied the walls closing in on them. In a few extra narrow sections, they needed to sidestep their way through. Not once did Wade let go of Anneli’s hand. She felt reassured by his touch. In the future years when she looked back on this moment in time, holding Wade’s hand and realizing she never wanted to let it go, she felt positive it would always place an unshakable smile on her face.
“Wade, are we nearly there?” whispered Anneli.
“Yes, it isn’t too far now.”
“If you didn’t insist on bringing the long canvas bag, we might have been at the back door sooner. Why did you bring it anyway?”
“We’ll need it.”
“At the moment, the only thing I can tell is it’s hindering our progress.”
“You’ll see soon enough.” In the fading torch light, Wade checked his watch. “It’s 9:45.
“Almost mid-morning,” answered Anneli, sucking her breath in to squeeze past yet another extra narrow section. “It’s getting harder to breathe.”
“Yes, it is, and I don’t know why. I’m positive the way out isn’t more than thirty steps ahead.” Wade stopped, reached for the box of matches in his back pocket and struck one of the magnesium covered match heads against the side of the box. A yellow flame flickered to life. Wade held the match perfectly still to see if the flame moved sideways in the direction they were going.
“The flame is supposed to move in the direction of the airflow,” explained Anneli, recalling the exact trick she learnt in the science lesson at primary school.
“Yes, it is. I have no idea why it’s not. The only thing we can do is press on,” said Wade.
The narrow tunnel broke into a small cave no wider than a single lane road. Wade walked to the wall directly in front of him.
“This has to be a fresh wall, probably from a collapse due to the storm.”
“If that is the case, breaking free should be an easy thing to do.” Anneli stepped up to the wall and started digging.
“Hold it, before you injure yourself let’s take a look in my pockets for anything useful.”
In the fading torch light, Anneli called out the items Wade placed on the ground. “There’s a wallet and a box of matches.”
“One torch,” added Wade. He stepped over to the wall and dug the butt end of the torch into the soft mud. A small quantity of dirt fell away.
“It’s too blunt,” Anneli advised. Glancing at the long canvas bag containing the five poles she wondered why Wade had been so careful in handling them. “What if you used one of the poles in the bag for a battering ram? If the wall isn’t too deep the tip of the pole might make a hole.”
A wave of hurt moved across Wade’s face.
Anneli easily picked up on the emotion. “Surely a pole isn’t too priceless that it shouldn’t be used to help us escape?”
Lifting his hands, Wade gently framed Anneli’s face. “I love the idea.”
He handed Anneli the torch and picked out a long pole from the bag. Wade gently pushed the pole into the dirt, swiveling his end around in circles. Almost immediately the wall started to crumble away.
Each time Wade pushed the pole into the soft mud and pulled it back the louder the wind sounded.
In a few minutes, a hole formed in the wall. It appeared to be the same size as a lady’s hat she wore to the Melbourne Cup.
The rain poured through the hole. Wade kept up his hacking. The mudslide measured four feet at its thickest part. When the hole looked wide enough to scramble through, Wade stepped back to view the outside. Both he and Anneli watched the sky in amazement.
“This is one massive storm,” grumbled Anneli.
“I’d say she’s a bad arse cyclone. I heard a few weeks back the bureau of meteorology decided the next cyclone was going to be named; Tracy.”
“The way the wind’s picking up, Tracy might have enough strength to destroy Darwin,” said Anneli.
“You could be right on the money. I have a feeling when Tracy has blown herself out there won’t be much to look at,” quoted Wade.
“This is just a random thought. When the experts name a cyclone, they never use a man’s name,” groaned Anneli.
Wade pushed his arm around Anneli’s waist. His kiss felt reassuring. For fifteen minutes, he cradled her in his arms waiting for Cyclone Tracy to move off.
The minute the wind dropped to zero knots; the sun came out.
The two crawled out of the tunnel. Standing at the entrance, Anneli and Wade took in the view. The warm sun shone on the sides of the hill. The trees were again standing straight. There wasn’t a tell-tale sign the storm might have been any stronger than a heavy band of rain.
“This must be the eye of the storm,” Anneli suggested.
Wade slowly nodded. He certainly didn’t want to be close to the temporary entrance to the cave when the wind restarted. He looked into the distance at the turbulent sea and where Darwin should have been. He could plainly see the central business district. He could also see numerous small fires erupting. Where complete buildings and houses had been built, he couldn’t count how many were missing walls or a roof. Rubble littered every street. Cars looked like they were parked haphazardly. The horrendous image of the entire Darwin area burned a vivid photo in his mind.
Wade turned away from on the outside world when he heard the wind returning. Grabbing Anneli by the hand, he pulled her towards the tunnel. They dived through the hole in the nick of time. In seconds, the wind was back up to full force. The noise howled through the entrance, threatening to suck them out and upwards towards the heavens. Anneli gripped Wade’s shoulders to stop from becoming airborne.
Wade spied a metal ring embedded into the wall. He untied his belt, threading it through the ring. He just managed to re-clip it before the wind swept Anneli and Wade off their feet. He clutched Anneli around the waist helping her to hang on.
“The wind must be moving close to one hundred and fifty miles an hour,” stammered Anneli planting her feet into the mud.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if it were two hundred,” said Wade, forcing his feet back onto the ground. He dropped to his knees, pulling Anneli down under his arm.
Wade and Anneli heard the entire side of the hill beginning to slide. The entrance to their cave collapsed. Their safe haven looked to be eroding fast. Halfway through the second part of the storm, Wade estimated the cave mouth to be wider than a single lane road. In minutes, the length of the cave shortened considerably. At first, Wade didn’t concern himself. In less than a minute the walls where they were standing started to crack, making him change his mind. Deep fissures soon followed. The avalanche quickly picked up speed turning the dirt into mud; soft, suffocating mud.
The hill directly in front of the cave dwellers began to erode. One minute they were ten feet from the entrance, the next, they were down to a few feet. There didn’t seem to be any letup. Wade unclipped his belt from the ring. He and Anneli went further into the cave. He wanted to be ready for a hasty retreat. He unearthed the cloth covered poles and held them in his left hand.
“Wade, we can’t go any further!” Anneli screamed. The tone of her voice sounded full of despair.
“The tunnel has collapsed. We’re trapped in this cave until the storm’s gone.”
“If the edge of the avalanche comes too much closer, we’ll be surfing back to Darwin,” hinted Anneli nervously.
Wade pushed Anneli towards the rear of the tunnel. He watched the cracks in the walls spread towards the metal ring. They were less than two feet away when he decided they needed a backup plan. He turned to Anneli and shouted over the sound of the wind.
“I’m fresh out of ideas of what to do. Any input will be gratefully accepted.”
Anneli shook her head. “The only thing I can think of is to pray.”
Wade nodded.
“God, if you can hear me over this wind, I ask you to save us from this storm. Thank you.”
Wade estimated the crack in the wall had closed the gap between them by a further two feet in as many minutes. He tested his theory by pulling on the metal ring. It felt loose, but the brightening sky evaporated his worried look. Wade noticed the wind abating, dropping to a stiff breeze.
“The cyclone’s gone. Stay where you are, I’ll take a look.” Wade took a few tentative steps towards the edge of the cave. “The ground feels firm almost to the edge.” Standing at the entrance of the short cave he looked over his shoulder. “Anneli, come here you have to see this.”
Anneli carefully walked over. She stood next to Wade, staring gob-smacked at the scene.
“Nothing remained intact. Not one house or building made it through the storm unscathed. The entire area is a war zone. Where Darwin once stood in all her splendor has been blown away. Devastation was the only thing remaining.”
Wade squinted in the sunlight and the dying wind. He pointed towards the sea to where the light industrial area used to be.
“I can see a few fires raging, probably from broken gas pipes. Anneli, you’re correct, there’s nothing left. I have no doubt this cyclone will go down in history. I can only imagine what the media will report in tomorrow’s newspaper.”
“The year Cyclone Tracy destroyed Christmas,” Anneli said.
Wade didn’t respond to her one-line statement; he appeared to be captivated by the humus clouds. The sky appeared to be an inviting blue.
Anneli didn’t realize Wade was focusing his attention elsewhere; she busied herself studying the hill. Shaking her head, she spoke in a whisper. “Wade, do you have any ideas on how we might be able to get down?”
“I’m happy you mentioned it. I have the perfect solution.”
“Let me guess; the long poles you brought along is part of a flying fox?”
“Not quite. Come on; I’ll show you the contents of the bag.”
Wade picked up the long rigid canvas bag, took hold of Anneli’s hand and carefully led the way over the soft mud to the only patch of grass left on the hillside. Placing the bag on the ground, he got busy.
The long poles were first out of the bag.
Wade quickly built an aluminum triangular shaped frame and tightened the joints using wing nuts. He rolled out the material, clipping the sheet across the back of the structure. Wade unraveled the straps from around the poles. Next, he tied off the harness.
“I don’t believe it!” shrieked Anneli. Her jaw fell open at his secret. “You’ve been carrying a hang-glider.”
“It’s our ticket out of here,” answered Wade. “I’d planned to ask if you were interested in seeing the sights of Darwin after climbing down from the radio tower. I didn’t plan on a cyclone or the hang-glider to be used to rescue us.”
“I’d love to go for a scenic flight. Will it hold both of us?”
“Yes, it’s not a problem.”
Wade lifted the hang-glider into the correct position then helped Anneli into her harness.
“The only thing we have to do is run down the hill as one. When you feel the front of the glider rise, I’ll signal for you to jump. When we are airborne, push one leg at a time through the strap behind you. Lying prone will stop the drag on the glider. I’ll steer for the thermals. If we need the glider to circle to the left or right the only thing you have to do is move your hands. Don’t panic over anything, relax and enjoy the flight.”
“The idea sounds so exciting,” remarked Anneli, almost breathless. “I have never done this in my life.” She looked sideways at Wade hoping he couldn’t tell she felt extremely nervous. She felt scared and excited at the same time. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she tried to dam her adrenaline rush. Keeping her voice steady, she said. “How soon can we start?”
Wade again searched the sky for an updraft. He pointed to an eagle gliding close to the hill searching for food. It slowly circled several times before flying off.
“Now seems to be the perfect time. After we’re airborne, we’ll make our way towards Darwin. The bird’s eye view will give us a great insight into the damage. When we’ve lost some height, we’ll make our way to the beach so we can land on the sand.”
They hoisted the glider onto their shoulders. In unison, they started walking downhill. Although the warm breeze seemed to be steadily dropping, it still felt strong enough to make the material that was strapped to the hang glider flap violently. Anneli tried to analyze how fast the wind might be blowing when she heard Wade’s voice.
“Start running.”
Anneli’s legs felt like steel. She needed to use her entire strength to keep her feet moving. The soft squelching mud underneath her runners acted as a resistance hindering their velocity. The ground quickly steepened. The hang-glider seemed to be feeling heavier. In a few more seconds the mud from the avalanche looked too thick. Panic gripped Anneli’s mind. Her lungs ached from breathing too rapidly. If she didn’t force herself to relax, she would hyperventilate.
Alarming thoughts gripped her mind. ‘What if they fell into the mud before the hang-glider lifted them off the ground? What if they were running too slow? What if she did everything wrong? What will happen if she failed to complete the few basic instructions Wade had said?’ She bit her bottom lip to mask her feelings of exhilaration and extreme nervousness. Stress wrinkled her brow. At this critical time, why couldn’t she remember what to do? For the first time in her life nerves got the better of her. She looked sideways at Wade. His face appeared calm. Didn’t he understand the danger?
The glider’s nose lurched upwards. Anneli felt the wind move the ends of her hair.
“Now, jump,” called Wade.
The tone of voice he used sounded calm. He acted like he’d done this hang-glider thing every day for years.
Anneli felt too nervous to know whether she completed the command or not and Wade seemed too busy studying the air to notice her wild gaze glued on him.
The glider’s nose rose steadily.
Anneli pushed both her feet into the loop made out of the same strapping material which gripped her around her waist. Watching the mud slip away, she quickly estimated they were ten feet above the ground and climbing. Anneli ordered her brain to enjoy the ride, determining next time she’d insist on her very own glider.
“You can breathe now,” advised Wade.
His one-line statement shocked Anneli into breathing again. It was then she realized her lungs were aching from not enough oxygen.
“We’re now at the height of twenty feet,” said Wade, confidently.
“The breeze feels warm,” whispered Anneli.
“We’re in the middle of a thermal.”
The hang-glider rose steadily before leveling off at one hundred feet. Wade steered out of the thermal, navigating the glider towards Darwin.
Anneli felt she was looking through the eyes of an eagle. Staring at the destruction below them her heart fell deeply troubled. The enormity of the situation made her feel helpless.
When the glider approached suburbia, they were close enough to see the grief on the face of a young pregnant woman who had ventured outside. The longer they floated towards Darwin’s CBD, the more of Cyclone Tracy’s destructive power became evident.
Cyclone Tracy had successfully wiped Darwin from off the map. Christmas 1974 will go down in Australian history as the storm that stopped Darwin from having Christmas.
Small fires were popping up everywhere. People of all ages were leaving their hideouts and were searching the rubble for missing neighbors. In the fifteen minutes since they left the ground, Anneli didn’t see a house still intact.
“I want to check on Charlotte,” said Wade.
Anneli helped change course by shifting her hands towards the right side of the crossbar. The glider gently banked. The craft quickly ascended as it entered another thermal. At two hundred feet above sea level, the hang-glider was navigated towards the sea.
Wade looked at Anneli. “Are you positive you’ve never flown a hang-glider?”
She shook her head. “No. Why?”
“The way you handle the craft, I thought you were an expert.”
“Thank you for the compliment. Your words mean a lot.”
The hang-glider crossed over the sand. Anneli saw at least two dozen boats of various sizes strewn around the sea, and at least seven were beached; damaged beyond repair. Tears formed in her eyes when Charlotte came into view. Her white broadside glistened in the warming sun. The tip of the mast was buried in the sand. The Cyclone had left the yacht high and dry. Wade and Anneli’s cursory study of the hull revealed she seemed intact.
“Charlotte must be at least forty feet from the water,” Anneli reported.
“She must have broken free of her mooring, ending up near the restaurant on the beach. The place was a nice place to eat. They did have a superb wine list. Margarita’s used to be their specialty. It’s a shame the building’s gone.”
Anneli smacked her lips together. “My taste buds are craving for a nice wine. I’m certain the liquid will go a long way to quench my thirst. I’m drier than the Simpson Desert.”
Wade chuckled. “The idea sounds good to me too. We’ll land and grab a drink. If Charlotte’s fridge door is still closed, we’ll have a cold one for sure.”
Anneli’s pupils danced at the thought. Already she could feel the cool liquid sliding down the back of her throat.
The sea breeze quickly dropped away, forcing the glider to slowly return to the earth.
Wade expertly navigated the glider parallel to the water’s edge. He waited for a clear stretch of flat sand and slowly dipped the nose.
Anneli felt slightly disappointed their flight ended so abruptly. She would treasure the journey in her mind until the day she died.
Wade brought the hang-glider in for a graceful, smooth landing. They came to a stop thirty-feet from Charlotte.



CHAPTER TEN



ANNELI’S STEPFATHER cautiously crept out from under a food preparation bench. He’d successfully argued they should take refuge in the kitchen, not the dining room.
Thirty of the group strongly disagreed.
The hotel staff quickly ushered several hotel guests and Darryl into the kitchen. If nothing else the fighting would be over.
At the height of the storm, the morning chef ran for the knives, throwing them into the dishwasher for safety.
In his haste, he’d missed seeing the steak knife on the bench top When the window shattered, the wind picked it up, and tossed it across the room. The sharp point embedded into one of the patron’s forearms. The elderly man crumbled to the floor clutching his arm. A brave young lady reached out and pulled the knife from his flesh, jamming it into a cupboard door. Seconds later the hotel’s roof was torn away. In one devastating attack, the wind shook the building. Every window in the place blew out. A small fire erupted from a severed gas pipe under the kitchen bench. The chef ran to the gas metre, turning it off. He dived for a fire extinguisher and quickly douse the flames.
At the conclusion of the first half of the cyclone, the small group ventured outside. They stood in awe at the damage. Three sides of the hotel appeared to have a large crack from top to bottom. The fourth wall facing North looked ready to collapse.
Meredith’s voice sounded no louder than a mere gargle. “The dining room has only one remaining wall. Everyone who was in the room was swept away.”
Darryl herded his step daughter back inside the kitchen. He sat her down on the floor and watched her sobbing.
The eye of the storm gave the survivors only a few minutes to check on how secure their new hiding place might hold up.
The ferocious wind sounded no warning when it returned to finish off what it had started. Cyclone Tracy seemed hell bent on showing off her power by destroying whatever remained upright.
One-minute Darryl stood staring, out of the glassless window in the kitchen, the next second, he was almost sucked out of the window, feet first.
“Help, can any of you grab hold of me. Dirk, anyone, I need help,” Darryl yelled.
He looked up at the cellar door. The gap between his hand and the handle couldn’t be any more than a few inches. He loosened his grip so he could reach for the handle. Instantly he started to be sucked backwards, his feet slipping through the open window.
“Hey, anyone in the cellar, I’m almost at the limit of my strength. I’ll be sucked outside if no one comes to my rescue.” Closing his eyes from the wind, Darryl gritted his teeth. His knuckles were white. With his left foot against the window frame, he managed to pull his other leg through the window. With two legs pushing against the window frame, he stretched out his hand towards the handle of the cellar door. Two strong hands grabbed Darryl by the wrists, pulling him to safety. He heard the door slam shut then locked from the inside.
“Thanks for saving me,” puffed Darryl between breaths. “I thought I was a goner.”
The chef slapped him on the shoulder. “Not problem. In my youth, I had been wrestle champ of college.”
The man’s broken English helped Darryl to relax. He shook the man’s hand to cement the fact he was more than grateful for the successful rescue attempt.
For the next twenty minutes, the group sat in the dark listening to the wind.
Finally, the wind fell silent.
The chef unlocked the door and led the group out into the warming sunshine. “The cyclone has gone,” he announced.
The sun slowly seeped out from behind the clouds. Darryl noted the wind was quickly abating into a stiff breeze. He looked over his shoulder at the once beautiful wooden hotel. He knew the smoldering wreck couldn’t be saved.
“So much for elegance,” he mumbled.
About seventy feet above the ground a shadow slowly circled the area for several minutes. It resembled a prehistoric predator stalking its prey.
For a long time, Darryl stared at the shape. “What a large bird!” he joked.
The concierge stepped up behind him, straightening his tie.
“If you take a closer look, the large bird is a hang-glider. You can plainly see two people are hanging from underneath. One is a young woman, the other, is a young man.”
Darryl focused on the descending craft. “My daughter is up there. What on blue blazers is she up to?”
The hang-glider slowly rose in an updraft then disappeared out of sight.
Darryl pointed in the direction of the beach. “The oversized kite is heading for the water. Sons, let’s go retrieve your sister.”



CHAPTER ELEVEN



AFTER A perfect landing on the beach, Anneli and Wade climbed out from under the hang-glider. Boats were dumped on top of other boats. All were expensive toys for the rich millionaires who came to Darwin for a warm Christmas. Cars had been blown through the air by the strength of the wind. Some were parked haphazardly, either on their roof or stacked three high against building walls. Glass fragments, bricks, and the odd half-a-house littered the sand. Debris littered the surface of the water, and wooden pylons were the only remaining parts of the jetty. The buildings butting up against the sand were nothing more than rubble. Wherever Wade and Anneli looked the scene appeared to be the same.
Wade and Anneli walked around Charlotte studying every square inch of the hull they could see.
“The yacht seems to have come through the cyclone healthier than most of the other seagoing vessels,” stated Anneli.
“Yes, Charlotte seems fine. From this angle, she doesn’t appear to have any holes,” said Wade.
“We won’t know how the port side is until she’s upright in the water. The whole side is buried under the sand. It might have been ripped away when the cyclone dumped her high out of the water,” moaned Anneli.
“I’ll go take a look inside.”
Wade walked slowly along the edge of the deck. Charlotte lay on her side at a sixty-degree angle. Wade gripped the cross beam to get to the storm shutter. He reached down and opened the trap door. He scurried down the stairwell by sliding down the steps on his stomach. Wade commando crawled along the entire wall looking for any cracks in the hull. He detected none. On the way out, he spied the fridge door. By some miracle, it had remained closed. He crawled over, swiping four small bottles off the middle shelf. Two were water, and two were pink champagne. He grabbed a few bananas from out of the small cupboard. Dropping the lot into a small plastic bag, he crawled back out the way he came.
After unscrewing the lid of a water bottle, Anneli drank the entire contents in one breath.
“Now this is a memorable Christmas lunch.” She hurriedly peeled the outer layer of a banana and bit it in half. Pink champagne helped to wash it down.
Wade chuckled at her comical look.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“You don’t strike me to be a rich man’s daughter.”
“I am and don’t you forget it,” she cautioned, wagging her finger under his nose. “Mind you, the exact second my father hears about all this he’ll be hopping mad. At the very least he’ll know I’m serious about wanting to choose my own destiny. At a guess, he’ll never want to talk to me again.”
“I never argue with a woman,” said Wade seriously.
“You’re off to a good start for a lasting relationship.”
Wade and Anneli sat on the sand laughing at the thought. They chuckled at nothing when there wasn’t anything left to laugh at. Eventually, they looked lustfully at each other. They sensed love beginning to mushroom. Neither Wade nor Anneli wanted to hinder the prospect.
Wade slapped Anneli gently on the knee. “If we want to set sail for Melbourne, we have plenty of work to do.”
“How can we even start to think about getting Charlotte back in the water, she’s stuck high and dry? We’ll need a crane to lift her.”
“For everything, there is a solution.”
“Now there’s philosophical jargon at its best. Tell me Wade Mackenzie, have you ever faced a problem you didn’t know the answer to?”
“Once or twice,” he admitted. “I want to believe there’s always a way out of any mess.”
“I hope I’m not around to see the day when you can’t think up a solution to a problem.”
Wade climbed back onto the deck of the yacht. He returned holding a shovel. Jumping onto the sand, he commenced to dig the sand out from around the keel.
Anneli joined in. They dug fast. Wade used his hands, Anneli used the shovel. Soon the yacht looked ready to be tilted straight.
Wade called a halt to the process.
“Before we go any further, we have to turn Charlotte around. When her nose is pointing at the water, it’ll be a simple matter of getting her deep enough to float.”
“How can we accomplish such a feat?” questioned Anneli. After downing the shovel by driving the metal blade into the sand, she folded her arms. “I don’t think our combined strength will be able to get the yacht to the water let alone move her.”
“Trust me,” teased Wade, brushing the sand from her shoulders.
Anneli looked a little puzzled. “This will be interesting.”
“There is a small detail I believe we should decide. You have two options. One, you can go in search of a car tyre. The larger and heavier the better, or two, you can dig a trench all the way to the water,” said Wade.
Anneli rolled her eyes. “I’ll go look for a tyre.”
“If you discover an extra, long, length of rope during your search my shopping list will be complete,” said Wade.
Anneli waltzed off wagging her arse at Wade. She knew he had stopped digging to watch her walk towards the rubble. She hammed it up by increasing her waddle.
The love game appeared to be picking up speed.
Anneli carefully walked around the debris in her search for the tyre. She didn’t have any idea how the item might help float Charlotte. However, she decided to trust Wade’s judgment.
The air felt stifling due to the rising humidity. Pulling up the tracksuit sleeves Anneli’s face and arms were glistening from sweat. She came across what remained of a small metal structure. It resembled an oversized shed. Half a sign hung vertically over the crushed front door. Strong winds had pushed a half cabin run-a-bout boat into the roller door, smashing it. Anneli looked inside the boat. Soaking wet clothes of varies styles and colors littered the floor.
“Hello, is anyone onboard?”
Anneli pulled her body weight up and over the side then walked towards the half cabin. The small closed door guarding the room behind it hung by a single hinge. Stepping up to the door, she squatted.
“Hello, is anyone in need of assistance?”
Hearing no reply, she stepped through the gap.
A low cupboard boasted a neat pile of dry clothes on the only shelf. Anneli lifted a pair of denim shorts to eye-level. Deciding she needed to change her clothes, Anneli discarded the oversized tracksuit and slipped into the shorts. The air inside the half cabin felt like a sauna room, making the transition into the shorts a slow, tedious job. Her long thin legs seemed to stick to the garments. When she finished squeezing into the shorts, she pulled the end of the black leather belt to the inside hole and clipped the oversized buckle closed. The hem of a pink button up shirt caught her eye when she started to walk back out of the boat. She decided in a heartbeat she needed it.
Anneli exited the boat the same way she entered and walked towards the oversized tin shed. A closer inspection of the vertical sign made it clear the shed used to be the local garage. She stepped up to the damaged door and yanked the metal away. She stepped through the gap and entered the mechanic’s workshop.
Sunlight streaming in from the broken skylight showed dust hovered in the air over the entire area, making breathing difficult.
Along the entire length of the tin wall, there were seven cars in various stages of repair. Using her hand to cover her mouth, Anneli walked about the workshop. In the far corner near an old Mercedes sedan, she found what Wade asked her to find. Old tyres on rims filled a long rack. Various lengths of rope expertly wound hung from hooks at one end of the rack. Anneli swiped up what appeared to be a brand new extra-long white rope from a hook, slinging it over her shoulder. She dragged the largest old tyre on a rim from the rack. She deduced it probably came from the truck at the far side of the shed. A long boat had smashed through the window and landed on the bonnet. Walking back to the door, movement caught her eye. She stopped the tyre from rolling. For over thirty seconds she stared at the place where she thought she saw movement.
“This garage is giving me the creeps. I must have seen a mouse or a cat.” Almost fully persuaded, the object moved again. “It’s not a mouse!” she screamed.
“Is someone there? Please, I won’t hurt you. I need you to help me. I’m stuck under the front of the truck.”
Anneli fought the fear building in her mind. She cleared her throat and called out in a strong, calm voice. “Who are you?”
“I’m Eric, the local mechanic. Please, I don’t care what you take, I only need help.”
“I don’t know how I can help you.”
“My leg is pinned. I need you to lift the truck.”
“How do I know you’re telling me the truth?”
“Please, you have to believe me. I’ve been stuck in this position for over an hour.”
“You do sound sincere,” called Anneli, not sure of what to make of the whole, ‘please help me, I’m trapped scenario.’”
“I am sincere.”
“You might be a good actor?”
“At the moment, I wish I were. I promise I’m only the local mechanic. What’s your name? Are you alone?”
“Yes, I’m alone. My name is Anneli. I also think coming over is not a good idea.”
“I can understand your plight. At the very least, please go find someone who can help.”
Anneli weighed her options. She decided Eric; the so-called local mechanic sounded genuine. She placed the length of rope on the floor, leaned the wheel against the wall of the shed and ventured over to the truck, swiping a metal bar the same length as a baseball bat from off the floor.
“Where exactly are you?”
Eric coughed several times due to the dust. He raised his hand. “I’m at the front of the truck.”
Anneli skirted around to the rear of the truck. To look underneath the truck, Anneli dropped to all fours. Breathing became more difficult the closer her head got to the floor. She could feel dust clogging her throat. Anneli inhaled through her cupped hand. She’d been in training for at least twelve months to extend the amount of time she could hold her breath. The diving instructor who taught the class of four suggested it. Anneli vividly remembered the man’s cold baritone voice. His words were embeded into her memory. ‘You never know when it might come in handy. If practicing the art only saves you once in your life it is well worth it.’
Every morning she forced her lungs to be fully inflated. Six months of training saw her able to hold her breath for at least fifty-five seconds. A slow exhale gave her ten more. Anneli displayed a school girl grin at remembering the diving instructor said she was the best pupil in the class.
“Are you nearly at the front of the truck?” coughed Eric.
“Yes, I am.” Anneli dropped the metal bar, sprinting over. She knelt in the dust smiling at the trapped man. “Are you hurt?”
“I’m fine. Don’t you worry, I’ve no broken bones. My pants are the only part pinned.”
“How can I help?”
“I need you to find another car jack and lift the front of the truck. I don’t need much room to free myself. Please hurry.”
Anneli began searching the immediate area. “Why were you working on Christmas day?” she called, lifting the trunk of the closest car.
“I wasn’t. I left my wife’s present in the office. I dived under the truck when the cyclone hit. My wife will be worried. Don’t get me wrong; I love her dearly for the emotion. We were going to be in Sydney for Christmas dinner. We were scheduled to fly out at 1:45 this afternoon. My daughter, who hasn’t talked to me or my wife in over ten years, invited us to stay for a few days. For years I have lived in hope reconciliation between us is possible. I just hope the cyclone hasn’t put a dampener on the idea.”
Anneli momentarily stopped searching. She walked over, placing her hand on Eric’s shoulder. “I’ll do what I can to get you to Sydney. I promise I’ll return carrying a car Jack.”
Anneli walked off towards the office, her eyes scouring every piece of debris in the workshop. Anneli sprinted for a large car not far from the truck. Disappointment surged through her body. The Jack she found had been used to prop up the old Mercedes. The cyclone saw to it the car moved, bringing it down hard on the jack. Anneli needed something to use as a fulcrum and a pivot point. The iron bar she dropped needed to be longer; much longer.
Anneli resumed her search in earnest. Finding a crowbar at least six feet long lying on the floor close to the office door put a smile on her face. Swiping the crowbar off the floor, she sprinted back towards the Mercedes. Close to the car, she found a diff covered in dirt.
‘Obviously, it must have been the next job,’ she thought.
Anneli rolled the diff towards the car and jammed the crowbar under the side of the Mercedes. The old Merc lifted when she used her weight to push down on her end of the bar, freeing the car jack. The only problem, to reach the hydraulic jack, she needed help.



CHAPTER TWELVE



WADE FINALLY finished digging the trench from Charlotte to the waterline. He stopped when the sea covered his knees. Searching the shoreline, he hoped to see Anneli sitting back watching him. Failing to see her, he walked out of the water, leaned the shovel against Charlotte and started to search the rubble.
Five minutes into Wade’s search he spied a tanned leg and the torso of a woman climbing through the narrow gap in the wall. He leaned against the boat that had crushed the roller door and waited patiently for Anneli to fully emerge into the sunshine.
“I wondered where you got to. I see you’ve changed your clothes.”
“Wade, you’re just the person I need.”
“Nice outfit,” he continued.
“Be serious.”
“I am. I love the shorts. I especially love the legs which are in the shorts.”
“If you’re thinking along the lines of: did I go shopping or not, I didn’t.”
“The thought never entered my mind.”
“I came across the clothes when I investigated the inside of the boat you’re leaning against.”
“Did you happen to find a rope or an old tyre?”
“They’re both in the shed. I also found a trapped man. He asked for my help. I need you to help me. Eric must get to his daughter’s place; at least for new-years.”
“Lead on,” urged Wade.
The tone in his voice put Anneli at ease. For a few moments, she pondered the question; ‘what might it take for Wade to lose his cool.’
The two stepped into the interior of the large, hot, dust-filled shed.
“I can feel why you changed your clothes,” commented Wade. “It’s a sauna in here.”
Anneli pointed at the tyre and the rope.
“Excellent find,” stated Wade, stopping to view the shopping list. “What do you need me to do?” he asked, marching towards Anneli.
“I can lift the side of the Mercedes; I just can’t pull the hydraulic jack out at the same time.”
Wade pushed down on the long crowbar. The car lifted slightly. Anneli quickly pulled the car jack out.
“Eric the mechanic is over by the old truck.” Anneli dragged the jack across the floor in the direction of the truck. “Eric, I found some help. We’ll have you out in a flash.”
“Thank you, Missy; a thousand times I thank you,” he croaked.
Wade placed the car jack under the side of the truck and effortlessly pumped the handle. With the truck wheel off the floor a few inches, Eric scrambled to a standing position.
“There’s no way I could get my leg free. The weight of the truck had a good grip on my pants. I tried at least a dozen times to rip the material away. I couldn’t even make a start.”
“Sir, I’m Wade Mackenzie.” He pushed his hand out. “It wasn’t a hassle coming to help. I’m positive your daughter and wife will understand the long delay. Do you require any further assistance?”
“None thanks.” Eric shook Anneli’s hand then Wade’s. “Your wife is in need of the tyre and the rope. Take them as a thank you. Beyond everything, have a nice long life together.”
“Anneli’s not my wife,” mumbled Wade.
Eric pouted. He slapped Wade on the shoulder. “She should be. Brave and strong she is. Come on, let’s get out of here. It’s getting hard to breathe.”
Eric led the other two towards the door. After shaking Anneli’s and Wade’s hand for the second time, he walked off in the opposite direction.
“Nice man,” said Anneli.
“Yes, he is. Come on; we have work to do.”
Wade carried the tyre to the yacht. Anneli carried the rope. Holding on to her end of the rope Wade took hold of the other. Snatching the shovel up, he rolled the tyre towards the shoreline at ninety degrees from Charlotte’s bow. Anneli watched Wade dig a deep hole in the sand then tie the rope to the tyre and bury it in the sand.
Anneli dropped her end of the rope and marched over. “I can’t follow what you’re attempting,” she said, sounding puzzled.
“You’re about to see. If this works, we’ll be home free.” Wade walked back to Charlotte. After making his way to the anchor, he tied the other end of the rope to the twenty feet of anchor chain. Flicking on a toggle switch the anchor winch started to rotate. Not only did the yacht right herself the buried tyre helped Charlotte to slowly move towards the sea.
When Anneli saw the tyre being pulled out of the sand, she stood on the exposed rubber.
Eventually, Wade stopped the winch by hitting the neutral button. When water lapped at Charlotte’s keel, he pulled the entire length of rope, including the original chain out to its stop. He then dug another hole in waist deep water and repeated the performance.
“It won’t be long now before Charlotte is free of the sand. When she’s floating, we’ll be able to hoist her sails,” instructed Wade.
Anneli grinned at the news. Wade helped her climb on to the yacht. He quickly waded through the water and stood on the tyre. Anneli flicked the switch to start the winch. The machine whirred. Charlotte began to move. Soon water licked the side of the hull. In less than a minute, she was floating free of the sand.
Wade lifted his arms and waved them in the air. “Victory,” he yelled.
Anneli nodded. Her long black hair glistened in the warm sunshine. The dying wind from the cyclone sent a shiver down her back. Finally, she felt like she belonged to something extra special. Anneli lived in the hope the feeling would last her entire life. From a distance, she studied her hero. How she longed to believe he wanted her in his life for the remainder of his days. Her future looked perfect. There’d be no more influence from her stepfather.
Wade dived under the surface of the water, pulling the half-buried tyre from under the sand. Anneli pushed the button, extending the dive ladder to the waterline. She watched Wade climb onboard. Anneli flicked the winch switch to the neutral position and bounded over the deck. Wade wrapped his arms around Anneli, lifting her into the air.
Another monstrous kiss helped them celebrate the victorious moment.
The tyre and rope were quickly gathered. Wade slung the rope over his shoulder and carried the tyre back to Eric’s garage.
On the return trip, five men stepped over the rubble. They jumped down onto the sand and stood with folded arms watching Wade walking towards the yacht. Anneli saw the men approaching. Her young feminine facial features were instantly swept away, replaced by a cold murderous expression.
“Hey you, stay where you are,” yelled one of the men.
In ankle deep water, Wade froze in mid-step. He turned to face the voice. He didn’t think much of the hostile tone.
Anneli jumped into the water. She sprinted to Wade’s side.
The group marched in unison down to the water’s edge. Each man looked ready for a fight.
“Anneli, I’ve been concerned for your safety,” snarled the eldest male. He stood two steps in front of the other four.
Quickly summing up the five men, Wade decided they were the same ones who ambushed him in the park.
“Father, I’m not injured,” yelled Anneli.
“Good to hear. I trust this young man has looked after you well?”
“Maybe too well,” snarled one of the four men.
“Quiet in the back stalls,” cussed Anneli’s stepfather.
“I take it you forgot your gun?” questioned Wade.
The man stepped closer, eyeballing Wade. The water started lapping the soles of his shiny black shoes.
“I don’t need a gun to get what I want.”
Wade had met the same type of men too many times in his life to be nervous by their attitude. In regards to the men standing behind him, he knew Anneli’s stepfather had the power over them. They would do exactly what he said and when he said it. Wade held out his hand to taunt the man into action. He wanted to find out exactly what made the man tick.
“I’m Wade Mackenzie.”
“I don’t care for your name. I don’t care to shake your hand.”
Wade frowned at the man.
“What’s the look for?”
“We met in the park. You were carrying a gun. The men behind you wanted to ruffle my clothes.”
Anneli switched her gaze between Wade and her stepfather, wincing slightly at the stand-off.
Wade’s eyelids narrowed as he stared at the four men standing at the rear then refocused on Anneli’s stepfather.
“How are your ribs?”
“Fine.” The man didn’t look at all pleased. He raised his hand, slipping it inside his jacket.
“Don’t. If you’re hiding a gun, be advised it should remain hidden.” Wade coiled his fists. He stepped closer, staring the man down.
“I will have it known my name is Darryl.”
“I know exactly who you are,” said Wade.
“I will also have it known, I’m Anneli’s father. I loathe your defiant nature. I also detest you.”
“You are my stepfather,” Anneli yelled.
“Yes, I am. I stand corrected. Needless to say, your brothers will escort you safely to my ship.”
“The young lady isn’t going anywhere.”
Darryl pointed his index finger directly at Wade. “You have no choice at the crux of this gathering.”
“This so-called gathering is over. Anneli has decided to stay,” advised Wade.
“We’ll see. Anneli, it is time to go.”
“The only place I’m going is where Wade wants to take me.”
“You will do what I tell you.”
“No.”
The four young men standing behind Darryl stepped forward.
“Sons, stay where you are,” he growled.
Wade stepped slightly in front of Anneli. He wanted to make it known he didn’t fear the man.
“Anneli is old enough to make up her mind in such matters.”
“You’re either a cop or a lawyer. Which one is correct?” spat Darryl.
In a heartbeat, Wade decided on an answer. “It’s for me to know and you will never hear the answer from me.” He stepped closer, looking directly at the man’s eyes. “I despise the way you’re stating your business. Put your fangs back into your mouth. I’m certain we can discuss this rationally, perhaps even calmly like gentlemen.”
“You are no gentleman,” stated Darryl.
“I believe our conversation has come to a close,” Wade informed keeping his voice calm. The stare he displayed looked far worse than Cyclone Tracy. “If you don’t leave the beach immediately I will take further action.”
“Meaning?” jeered Darryl.
“Take some advice, don’t stick around to find out.”
“I don’t take threats lightly. Boys, show Mr. Wade Mackenzie some good old-fashioned manners.”
Darryl’s sons clenched their fists. They quickly marched closer. Anneli yelled at the top of her voice.
“Don’t bother to fight. No matter the outcome, I’m leaving Darwin onboard Charlotte.”
Darryl pointed at his step daughter. “I don’t care what you think. You will do what I say.”
Wade raised his fists. He’d entertained the worse characters imaginable. Murderers topped the endless list. Anneli’s four brothers reminded him of the last murderer he interviewed. The man stayed calm, friendly; he sounded well mannered. Wade reassured the guard, he’d be okay. Wade insisted the guard step outside the room. The moment they were alone, the big man launched himself straight at Wade. His hands were around his neck squeezing his spirit out of him before he knew what happened. Wade managed to jab the murderer hard in the ribs. He had heard a crack that forced the big man to retreat. The scuffle lasted no longer than five seconds.
The four young men standing behind Darryl didn’t look professional. If they insisted on a fight, Wade felt more than confident of another quick win. He set himself in an attack stance, eyeballing the men one at a time. In five seconds, he decided in which order the men will eat sand. The one on the left will be first, followed by the one on the right. He felt positive the two in the middle were the weakest and the most nervous. They’d be third and fourth on the list. Darryl will be the last one standing. He’d receive all the attention.
The fight lasted three seconds.
The young men were trying to stand on the soft sand when Wade turned his attention to Anneli’s stepfather. He was trying to grab hold of Anneli’s collar. Wade clipped him behind the ear. When the man turned around, Wade’s fist, hit the bridge of his nose. The man went down. Wade didn’t stick around long enough for a second round. Besides, Wade had accomplished what he set out to do; state his intentions.
Grabbing Anneli by the hand, they sprinted into the water towards Charlotte. They hurriedly climbed the aluminum dive ladder. Wade pushed the switch, retracting the ladder. The pair ran towards the wheelhouse. A few seconds later, the engine was idling. He eased the yacht towards deeper water while the five men pounded their fists into the air.
“Thanks for rescuing me,” puffed Anneli. She dropped her arm over her hero’s shoulder.
“Not a problem,” answered Wade.
Anneli watched the distance to Darryl widen, shrinking him and her brothers by the second. The open water looked relatively calm. Wade cut the engine, walked over to the mainsail and began to unclip the canvas.
“Is there something I can do?” asked Anneli, walking over.
Wade pointed to the handle at the base of the mast. “You can start winding.”
Anneli began to turn the handle in a clockwise direction. The mainsail started to lift. Immediately the breeze filled the canvas. The boat slowly picked up speed, easily slicing through the low waves.
Wade tied off the sail when it reached the top pulley. After returning to the wheelhouse, he gripped the navigational wheel. He stood looking out at the horizon, lost in his thoughts. He didn’t hear Anneli step up behind him nor did he feel her place a hand on his shoulder. She stood on her toes, leaned slightly forward to whisper in his ear.
“There’s no need to apologize. Darryl deserved it. My brothers are just as bad.”
“How did you know what I was thinking?”
“A while ago you admitted how you know what people are thinking by any slight movements they make. I don’t need the talent. I know due to the fact I am a woman.”
Wade grinned at her confident expression. “Your father strikes me to be a man who doesn’t give up too easily.”
“He doesn’t. I’m sure by now he’ll be working on a way to follow us. Wade, I don’t care for his ideas. I am my own person. It’s the way I’m determined to stay. There’s one vitally important piece of information you must always remember about my family. Darryl is only my stepfather.”
“I’ll remember the fact. What happened to your biological father?”
“He’d been a soldier; deployed to Vietnam. He died. Please, don’t say another word on the subject.”
Wade tethered the wheel in place using two short pieces of rope to hooks screwed into the dash. He took Anneli by the hand and led her outside.
“Why are we going outside?” she asked.
“We need to check the weather.”
The sunshine felt warm. The sea looked crystal clear and inviting. Wade walked to the amidships. He reached out and pushed the button to activate the aluminum dive ladder. He watched it slide into the water up to the bottom rung. Next, he lowered the mainsail. Glancing around the deck, Wade expected Anneli to be standing by his side. Unable to see her he felt slightly puzzled over her vanishing act. He was just about to call out when she appeared on deck dressed in a towel.
Wade swallowed the lump in his throat. The whole time the pair looked at each other, he wondered what she wore underneath the towel.
“When I saw the dive ladder descending into the water, I thought you might have been thinking of a swim?” said Anneli, a mischievous expression plastered on her face.
“Yes,” he stammered. “Care to accompany me in a swim?”
“I’d love to. There’s only one problem; I didn’t bring a bathing costume. I thought this big old towel might suffice.”
Wade’s Adam’s apple bobbed violently for the second time when he tried to swallow another lump in his throat.
“Wade, boy, you look slightly embarrassed,” taunted Anneli. “I’m not an expert on what people are thinking. At a guess, I believe you’re wondering what I might be wearing under this towel.”
“The thought has stuck in my consciousness.”
Anneli waltzed over to the dive ladder. Looking over her shoulder, a seductive expression swept her face. She winked at the man staring at her. “Come on, the last one in gets to cook dinner.”
Anneli dropped her towel on the deck and dived overboard.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN



DARRYL COLLECTED his sons and ran back up the beach. At the edge of the rubble, he turned and looked at the ocean. He spat at the disappearing yacht. Her mainsail looked to be already full from the wind. Soon she’d be picking up speed. Shortly after, the yacht will be out of sight.
“Any guesses where the ship might be going?”
Darryl glared at his eldest son through murderous eyes. “How could I possibly know the destination?”
The man shrugged. “What are you going to say to Drake Campbell when he asks where Anneli is? They’re supposed to meet in four hours.”
Darryl glanced back at the ocean. The yacht now appeared only as a white speck on the horizon. He slowly nodded.
“We won’t be here.”
Dirk, Meredith’s husband side stepped and joined in on the conversation. “If we’re not here, where will we be?”
“We will be out there on the ocean, hunting a yacht. At a guess, the vessel in question is heading for Melbourne.”
The five men sprinted over the rubble to the rear of the mechanic’s shed then ran down the road. They jogged past upturned cars and skirted around many ruptured gas lines as they closed in on what remained of the hotel. They spied Meredith sitting at a table sunning her tanned body in the warm sun sipping a Margarita. Two empty wine glasses were on her left.
“Meredith, follow us,” called Darryl.
Instead of standing, Meredith remained seated. She talked when Dirk hovered over her.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, slurring her words.
“What’s wrong? I’ll tell you what’s wrong. Your sister and the bloke, what’s his name have done a runner and are ocean bound,” growled Dirk.
None of the men noticed Meredith’s fox-like-smirk. She swallowed the remainder of her Margarita she insisted the chef make her before bringing up the rear of the group as they marched towards the wayward side of the lagoon.
Darryl waved at the man in charge of the small craft that had come a-shore from his ship. “I want to be taken out to my ship immediately,” he ordered.
“Yes Sir,” replied the young man. “Mr. Vandenberg in case you were wondering where your ship went, I did wait until the last second hoping you’d show. I was forced to move the vessel out to deeper water. I’m glad you made it through the cyclone.”
Darryl slapped the man on the shoulder. “Thanks for caring.” He beckoned his sons and Meredith to climb into the run-a-bout. He shook his head at his daughter. “If you don’t hurry, we’ll leave you behind on the beach.”
Dirk only just managed to pull Meredith into the boat when the motor revved. The small craft motored away from the sand at speed. The sea had rapidly calmed, helping the craft to make quick progress. In a shade under nine minutes, Darryl climbed up the ladder of his ship. No sooner had his feet touched the deck, he bailed up the Captain yelling instructions to head back to Melbourne.
The Captain stood at attention shaking his head at the orders.
Darryl marched towards the bridge. “Weigh anchor. I want my ship moving.”
“If I may have a minute to explain our dilemma,” began the Captain, stepping onto the bridge.
“I don’t want to hear a word against my proposal. I want my ship moving immediately.” Darryl spat his words through a locked jaw.
“There are a couple of small matters which supersedes what you want,” answered the Captain provocatively.
Pacing the floor, Darryl displayed the look of thunder. He suddenly stopped and grabbed hold of the Captain’s starched white shirt.
“I don’t pay you to go up against what I want. I think I need to remind you of your job description. Drive my ship. Now, weigh anchor. Every second we delay my daughter who is on the yacht I want to chase is slipping further away.”
The Captain brushed Darryl’s fingerprints off his collar. “This ship will be stationary for a further five hours. The cyclone has damaged one engine. The maintenance crew you assigned to this vessel are working frantically to fix the problem. The only other remaining problem is.”
Darryl raised his fist, shoving it under the man’s nose, interrupting his report.
“I don’t care for excuses. There are two engines on my ship; start the other. My daughter is leaving us behind. God only knows what the bloke is capable of doing to her if we don’t catch the yacht.”
The Captain glanced over his shoulder at the first officer. “Stow the anchor. Start the remaining engine.”
“Sir, what should be done about the one remaining problem?”
“You heard my orders. Start the engine.”



CHAPTER FOURTEEN



ANNELI DROPPED the towel and dived into the ocean. If she hesitated, Wade couldn’t tell. He threw his shirt to the wind and dived overboard. The water felt cool against his hot skin. He swam underwater to Anneli, surfacing in front of her face.
The kiss they shared lasted only a moment.
Slipping his arm around her waist, Wade completed a strong lifesaving backstroke. In seconds, they were touching the side of Charlotte.
Wade and Anneli climbed the dive ladder together, stepping onto the deck at the same time. When Wade stood next to Anneli, he pushed the button to retract the ladder.
“I didn’t plan on such a quick swim,” she said, sounding disappointed.
Wade pointed to a five-foot grey nurse shark swimming towards Charlotte.
“He must have picked up on your dive and swam over to investigate.”
Anneli sat on a deck chair looking up at Wade. Goosebumps were surfacing on her arms. She looked a little pale and her hands were trembling. “I didn’t think of checking the water,” she stammered.
Wade knelt, rubbing her bare arms. “It’s okay. I have a bad habit of checking before I dive into the sea. By the way, you look magnificent in my khaki shorts and an oversized faded green shirt. The black belt adds perfection to your attire.”
Anneli slowly leaned forward to see if Wade would kiss her. He easily took the bait. Wade didn’t know Anneli sat frozen in fear. The tone of her voice quickly rose to fever pitch.
“Wade, behind you, it’s too big.”
Looking over his shoulder, Wade stared at a giant wave. He’d read about the occurrence in books back in high school. He never dreamt he’d see a wave anywhere so large. The almost thirty-foot vertical wall of water appeared to be dark blue. It seemed to stretch towards the sky forever. The monstrous wave was tearing through the water towards them. They didn’t have the time to do anything except dive for cover, praying for the best outcome.
In no time, the wave would hit Charlotte side on. Wade knew it was inevitable the yacht would roll over. Diving overboard to escape the giant rogue wave would be impractical. In a heartbeat, he grabbed hold of Anneli’s hand, pulling her down the stairs. They were half way down when Charlotte started to roll.
Wade and Anneli dived for the small table. Everything unsecured around them became airborne.
“Grab hold of one of the table legs. No matter what happens, don’t let go. There will be an air pocket after the wave has gone.”
Charlotte rolled over three and a half times. Sea water poured into the cabin through the open storm shutter, easily smashing the glass in the port hole closest to the table.
In the time, it took to strike a match, the wave had hit and rolled away. Charlotte settled heavily upside down in the mill pond calm water. An air pocket no larger than the boot of a car formed exactly as Wade described.
The two prisoners broke surface in the air pocket, inhaling the life-saving oxygen.
“Are you okay?” asked Wade. Stress from the wave hitting Charlotte looked painted on his face.
“I’m fine. You do realize we can’t stay in here forever. When the air was depleted, water will replace the air pocket. How long Charlotte will stay afloat is anyone’s guess,” said Anneli.
“You’re correct. We don’t have long. Stay here; I’ll make sure the way is clear to the outside.”
Anneli stood on the underside of the deck. She slowed her breathing to prolong the air bubble. To help pass the time she felt for cracks in the hull where they might have to dig their way out. She nearly finished her search when Wade reappeared, his chest heaving from the lack of oxygen.
“I almost didn’t make it back. The door to the storm shutter is blocked from the outside. It must be the mast,” he puffed.
“We can’t get out?” questioned Anneli, keeping her voice in check.
“Not via the stairs. I apologize for taking too long. I stopped to study the porthole. Seeing how the glass is gone, I think you’ll be able to squeeze out after I’ve unscrewed the cover. The only thing you have to do is clear the obstruction, and we’ll be home free.”
Anneli was feeling more nervous by the second. “What if I can’t? You’ll be trapped.”
Wade put his finger to her lips. “Let’s not think about the ‘IFS.’ Let’s focus on the positive side.”
Wade beckoned Anneli over to the other side of the yacht. They dived under the water to have another look at the porthole. Wade swam off towards the kitchen. He yanked open the cupboard. In the small tool box on the middle shelf, he found what he needed; two Phillip head screwdrivers. Wade and Anneli surfaced. They took a huge breath and dived back under the water. They worked furiously on the screws holding the cover in place. Anneli finished first and immediately started on the second. There were five screws in total. Wade signaled a halt. They surfaced in the middle of the air bubble.
“We were almost finished. Why did you stop?” questioned Anneli.
“For a breather.”
“I’ve been practicing to hold my breath for a lot longer.”
“I’m impressed. You might need to put the skill to good use when you’re trying to squeeze out of the porthole. Relax while I finish the job. When I return, it’ll be your turn.” Wade took the screwdriver from Anneli’s hand, pushing it deep into his back pocket. “I want to make sure you relax.”
Anneli waited for Wade to finish the job. Slowing her breathing, she saw him pull the cover off and drop it onto the floor. She then saw him break surface next to her.
“You’re correct about the air. It’s becoming musty. The pocket has diminished by at least fifty percent.”
Anneli kissed Wade nervously. “If for some reason, I don’t make it.”
Wade used his index finger to again touch her lips. “What did I say earlier? I don’t want to hear the remainder of the sentence. I’ll see you at the top of the stairs.”
Anneli dived under the water. She loved the serenity of being submerged. It seemed to have a calming influence. The quiet took her away from the turmoil of her stepfather and his stupid old-fashioned ideas.
Anneli poked her hand through the porthole. Dread swept her mind. Looking out into the open ocean, she froze. Fear closed in, wrapping her mind in a strong bind.
‘Where’s the shark?’ she thought.
Anneli knew if she didn’t somehow conquer the thought she’d drown before even attempting to squeeze through the porthole. The vision of Wade drowning forced her to free her mind of the shark and gripped the side of the porthole.
‘You can do this. Swim through the hole; make your way to the stairs and open the trap door. It’s an easy thing to do,’ she said inwardly.
Anneli pushed her arms through the porthole. She started to wriggle her shoulders through one at a time. Both her hips, though narrow, couldn’t fit through the hole at the same time. Realizing she couldn’t go forward or back; panic again gripped her mind. Drowning or the return of the shark unnerved her. She could hear the sound of her heart beating inside her ears. She stopped wriggling in an attempt to force herself to relax. Searching the open ocean for a handhold so she could stretch out, Anneli again needed to force the idea of the shark from her thoughts. Her lungs were now starting to ache. Wade happened to be correct, she should’ve relaxed a while longer before attempting to play the hero. She closed her eyes at the realization drowning seemed inevitable.
Anneli’s heartbeat slowed. Even underwater she could feel tears welling up in her eyes. Soon her lungs will need oxygen, signaling the end. In her final seconds her mind churned her thoughts.
‘Wade, I’m sorry for letting you down. I’d been too cocky to listen. Our fate is sealed. The sensation of dying is strange. In the seconds leading up to my death, I feel at peace. There’s no panic, no bright light, no angel to escort me home; not even the return of the shark to bring the moment of departure from this world and into the next, sooner. The only thing I can do is wait.’
Wade watched from the air bubble. He took a deep breath and dived to see what had stopped Anneli from squeezing through the porthole. A quick study of the water revealed no blood. What he did notice, Anneli’s legs looked limp. Panic started to set in. He needed to ignore the feeling if he wanted to save Anneli. He floated just above her hips. Due to the panic trying to take control of his mind he nearly missed the problem. If he didn’t work fast Anneli will certainly drown. Already she’d been underwater for at least forty-five seconds. He tried to remember how many seconds she bragged at being able to hold her breath. He couldn’t recall the answer. To stop the panic onslaught again he gave himself a massive goal. Fix the problem in two seconds.
Three seconds ticked off before Wade decided what course of action to take. Saving Anneli’s life took precedence over any embarrassment he might cause her. He reached out to unbuckle the large belt from around her waist. Pulling the oversized shorts down to her ankles he threw them over his shoulder. Besides her top, the only article of clothing Anneli wore was a pink frilled G string.
He grabbed her ankles, positioned his feet against the table leg and pushed hard.
Anneli’s thighs and legs erupted from the port hole. Wade pushed his head through the porthole, watching Anneli rocketing to the surface. He threw his fists up in a victorious salute.
When Anneli felt the sea breeze on her face she breathed in the fresh air. For over a minute she bobbed on the surface treading water waiting for her lungs to stop aching.
In the warm sunshine, Anneli slowly recollected the final moments.
“At the verge of blackout, I can vaguely remember something gripping my ankles. The next thing I knew my head broke the surface.” She chuckled at her raspy whispers.
A stinging sensation on her hip bone forced her to look. Red water hovered around her torso in a growing slick.
“Where are my shorts,” she managed to rasp. “Oh no, my thigh has been skinned from being pushed through the porthole. The shark; my blood in the water is the ringing of the dinner bell.”
Anneli’s senses were soon rejuvenated. She dived, determined to save Wade. He’d seen almost all of her and in a heartbeat, she decided he did the right thing to save them. Feeling her cheeks reddening from embarrassment, she ordered her brain to push the emotion to the side.
Wade waited for Anneli at the stairs hoping it mightn’t be long until the storm shutters were opened. The air bubble looked no larger than a medium-sized bucket. To save Charlotte, the manual pump had to be used and quick.
Anneli saw the problem while swimming towards the storm shutter. The plate connecting the boom to the mast looked bent, which in turn pushed the boom against the storm shutter. Volleying her gaze between searching for the shark and the boom she successfully unscrewed the four wing nuts. Bracing her feet against the deck, Anneli used her entire strength to try to lift the boom out of the way.
The boom only slightly moved.
When Wade heard banging on the ocean side of the door, the noise forced him to break out in a grin. Sitting in the submerged cabin waiting for rescue felt un-nerving. For the first time in his life, he felt more than useless. He swam back to the tiny air pocket, inhaling what remained of the oxygen.
A dark shape the size of a small car closed in on Charlotte. With two hands wrapped around the boom, Anneli froze, her gaze riveted on the monster. Of all the facts, she read about sharks only one stood out; ‘if confronted by a shark, don’t move. They were attracted to blood and vibration.’ She watched the shark’s cold, emotionless eyes staring at her. The monster opened its mouth showing off rows of razor-sharp teeth. Each swish of its tail brought it closer. Anneli quickly thought up a plan of escape. She almost decided to implement the plan when the monster of the deep seemed to lose interest, deciding to swim away. Anneli stood frozen long after it disappeared. She knew if the shark changed its mind it would be back. She needed to lift the boom before the dinner bell could be rung a second time.
Anneli’s lungs were beginning to ache. In a heartbeat she decided to ascend towards the surface to take a few moments to plan her next wave of attack. She inhaled, filling her lungs to capacity and headed back to the blocked storm shutter. Using two hands, she gripped the boom and planted her feet firmly on Charlotte’s deck. Standing upside down she pulled on the boom, willing it to move.
With the boom finally away from the door, Wade’s head, torso, and legs squeezed through the gap. As he darted for the surface, he spied the shark’s return. Wade pulled the screwdriver from his back pocket to ready himself for the attack. The shark came in for a bite. Wade lashed out, stabbing it in the gills. The grey monster swam away leaving a trail of red in its wake.
Anneli and Wade bolted for the surface.
“Great timing. I’d used all the oxygen in the bubble,” he puffed.
Anneli’s cheeks turned red. Wade quickly reacted to the reason for her embarrassment.
“Here, I have a present. I believe these are your shorts. I’ll set to work righting Charlotte.” Wade kissed Anneli. Flashing her a smile, he dived under the water towards the wheelhouse.
Wade easily located the manual ballast pump. He set to work untying the handle. Next, he selected one of two small wheels the size of a doorknob. He wound one wheel anti-clockwise, the other he turned clockwise. Manually pumping one ballast tank dry, while the other remained full would be a painfully slow task, but the outcome, with any luck, will see Charlotte rotate. In time, she’d be sitting right way up. The activity could take up to an hour to complete. Somehow, he needed to convince Anneli to help. He swam out of the wheelhouse and back to the surface. By the time, he took a breath his lungs were at bursting point.
“Wade, you were gone too long. You have to agree to let me help. I won’t take no for an answer.”
“I didn’t know how to ask.”
“Wade, you know I’m up to it. Show me what to do. Don’t forget I can hold my breath longer than you.”
“I apologize. I forgot. During the last dive, I’ve closed off one ballast tank. The only thing we have to do is pump the water out of the second ballast tank. In theory, Charlotte will right herself.”
“In theory?” echoed Anneli, looking somewhat doubtful.
Wade made a half-hearted shrug. “When I bought Charlotte, the bloke told me in the event the yacht turned upside down the only thing I have to do is what I’m attempting.”
“Let’s hope he wasn’t pulling your chain.”
Wade led the way back to the manual pump situated on the wall of the cabin. When Anneli arrived, he showed her what to do.
Anneli anchored herself to the wheel of the yacht and commenced pumping the metal arm up and down. No mean feat upside down in ten feet of water. After Wade completed five pumps, he shot back to the surface. He floated on the calm sea about seventy-five miles off the Australian coast. His lungs were constantly aching from holding his breath too often. He felt positive Anneli would be feeling the same.
Wade opened his eyes to the sunlight. Terror gripped his soul. Anneli had been down far too long. Could she be trapped and on the verge of drowning again, or could another shark be blocking her ascent?
Wade dived. He tore through the water and into the wheelhouse, nearly bowling Anneli over. He reached out, grabbing her arm. In his panic, he pointed to the surface. She resisted by pushing him to arm’s length.
The corners of Anneli’s mouth curled slightly upwards when she re-commenced her pumping of the manual ballast arm. After completing several more pumps, she ascended to the surface. Wade followed her up. He held out his hand to support her back while she floated in the warming sun.
“Wade, I’m fine.”
“How can you stay down so long?”
“I’ve explained it already; practice.”
“I should follow your lead.”
Anneli chuckled between breaths. She didn’t want to let on she was on the verge of blackout. Counting inwardly, she passed her personal best of sixty-five seconds. The way things were looking she doubted whether either of them would have enough strength to keep going indefinitely.
On his fourth dive, Wade noticed Charlotte beginning to list. The main mast was now at a forty-five-degree angle. The discovery gave him a renewed zest. He surfaced as Anneli dived. Wade estimated in thirty minutes Charlotte might be sitting right-way-up. Although the yacht would be at sea level, they could rest. After a few minutes all he had to do was open the second ballast tank. A short time later he’d raise the sail then they’d be on their way.
Anneli surfaced. A gleam shot from her eyes. “Charlotte’s on her way up.”
“Yes, she is,” said Wade.
Seven more dives each saw the mast vertical. The two swam to the side of the boat and sat on the deck in waist deep water.
“It feels good to take a break,” admitted Wade.
“It does,” chirped Anneli. She sat next to him staring up at the sky.
In a few minutes, Wade slowly walked over to the wheelhouse, opened the second ballast tank and commenced to pump the handle.
In minutes, Charlotte’s deck was completely out of the water. A few more minutes and four feet of air separated the deck and the surface of the sea.
“Let’s go below to view the damage,” insisted Anneli. She took hold of Wade’s hand and lead the way down the stairs. Stepping off the bottom stair, she stood in a pool of water. Immediately she started to sob quietly.
“It’s okay,” whispered Wade, cuddling her. “It won’t be long until Charlotte looks new again. The only thing she needs is a small amount of elbow grease.”
“I know she will. This yacht kind of tugs at your heart strings. I don’t want to see anything bad happen to her.”
After opening two portholes, Wade searched for two empty plastic buckets. He found them under the kitchen bench in a cupboard.
“The former owner of the yacht happened to be one hundred percent correct about how to right the yacht,” remarked Anneli, sitting in the water. She leaned against the side of the yacht pretending Charlotte was a large bath.
“Almost correct. The bloke who told me the tale built this fine yacht,” said Wade.
Anneli’s eyebrows shot up. Wade searched her face for something. He found it in her eyes. They worked well as a team. The near drowning experience couldn’t extinguish the spark of love between them. A new warm wave of emotion swept through him from the top of his head to his feet.
Anneli leaned forward, tapping him on the leg. “We have plenty of work to do.”
She scooped up a bucket of water. Instead of heaving the sea water out of the porthole she decided Wade needed a shower. She tipped every last drop over his head. Wade closed his eyes, laughing until his jaw ached. He tackled the young woman rugby style. They both came up splattering sea water. They were both laughing and coughing at the same time. The spark of love had started to develop into a raging fire. Anneli’s newly discovered hero turned out to be more than she had ever hoped or dreamed. Anneli enjoyed the moment for several minutes then a wave of sadness extinguished her thoughts of having Wade by her side for the remainder of her life. The question of how Wade felt about her started to plague her mind. Could Wade ever feel the same way she did?
The two began the bailing process. In a tad less than fifteen minutes, the carpet fibers poked above the water.
Wade dropped his bucket on the carpet and walked off. He returned carrying a mop to soak up the remaining quarter of an inch of water.
“When we arrive back in Melbourne, I’ll organize to have the carpet replaced.”
Anneli sat on the floor thoroughly exhausted. A rogue tear cascaded over her cheek.
Wade knelt. “What’s this?”
“Nothing.” Using the back of her hand, Anneli wiped the tear away.
“When tears fall from your eyes it means something.”
Anneli sprinted up the stairs to the deck. She marched to the bow of the yacht. She stared through the water, lost in her thoughts. Wade stopped working and climbed the stairs. Standing on the deck, he hesitated. He wanted nothing more than to walk over. Instead, he decided to wait. They had nothing except time on their hands. He knew whatever was upsetting Anneli she’d admit it sooner or later.
Anneli squatted, her gaze fixed on the surface of the ocean. Every few seconds she lifted her hand to wipe her eyes. Her quiet sobs helped Wade to decide it was time to be by her side.
“If I have done anything to upset you, please let me know?” he questioned, his voice sounding completely calm.
Anneli looked solemnly at his eyes. Her tears had given her away. “How I feel has nothing to do with you.”
Wade stepped back. His puzzled expression betrayed his sincerity.
“I said everything wrong!” said Anneli.
“It’s okay. I have thick skin.”
Anneli chuckled nervously. Her sobs started to escalate. Wade reached out and cradled her in his arms with all the patience that helped to make part of his character. Anneli hugged him back. She felt ashamed at sobbing. She lifted her head again and looked directly at Wade’s eyes.
“You don’t have to say a word. I think I can have a good guess at what brought forward the emotion.” Using his hands, Wade gently caressed Anneli’s cheeks, wiping her tars away. For a long, time he looked lovingly at her red-rimmed eyes. Sweeping her in closer, he held her tight and kissed her.
In return, Anneli kissed Wade, rekindling the kiss on the bridge. This time, it felt more intimate; more loving. More real. Not as strangers. As lovers.
Caught up in the heat of the moment, enthralled by each other’s company, they were totally oblivious to the cargo ship heading directly towards them.
Wade moved his lips so they were hovering over Anneli’s ear. He whispered the three words she so desperately wanted to hear.
“I love you.”
For his three-word sentence, Wade received a massive hug around the neck.
“Up to this point, I’ve been waiting to hear those words. It’s the reason why I was crying. I love you too. I doubted whether you felt the same way. Please understand I had to be sure.”
“I understand completely. I want you to know I would love to spend the remainder of our life together,” said Wade.
A blast from the cargo ship’s fog horn directly ahead of Charlotte interrupted the scene. Wade and Anneli stared gob-smacked at the ship bearing down on them. The pair sprinted to the middle of the wheelhouse. Wade grabbed hold of the wheel, yanking it down. The wheel partly turned and locked tight.
“We’re not changing course quick enough, what’s wrong?” screamed Anneli.
“The wheel won’t budge. I have to fix the rudder,” said Wade.
“We don’t have time.” Anneli’s eyes were wide as she stared at the approaching ship.
“There has to be time. When I give you the signal, turn the wheel.”
“What about the engine, will it start?”
“No, there’s too much sea water in the fuel.”
Wade ran to the stern of the yacht and prepared to dive overboard. Anneli watched in horror as he stood staring into the water.
“What’s wrong?”
“The long drag line has snagged the rudder. If I can’t loosen the rope, I’ll have to cut it away. Its sole purpose is to help if someone falls overboard. It’s the last line of defense to get back into the boat.”
“Wade, whatever it is you need to do you’ll have to hurry. The cargo ship’s not stopping.”
He flashed Anneli an unsettling look. “Under no circumstances dive into the water. If you do, there’s no way back. The batteries are dead from being submerged in water. There’s no way of lowering the dive ladder.”
“I fully comprehend what you’re saying.”
Wade dived over the side. Three quick strokes saw him reach for the frame of the rudder. Already he could feel the current trying to prize his fingers away from his only hand-hold. He’d been correct about the rudder. The safety line had it snagged good and tight. Wade pushed his head above the waterline.
“Anneli, I need a knife.”
She ran downstairs to the galley. Opening the cutlery drawer, she found a steak knife. Sprinting back on deck she spied a short length of rope hanging from the wall. She grabbed it and ran back to Wade. She looped one end of the rope over a cleat, the other end of the rope she wrapped about the knife then lowered it over the side.
A sudden strong surge of cool water brushed past Wade, making him lose his substantial grip on the rudder. Reaching out in desperation, Wade snatched hold of the rope slithering through the water. His knuckles turned white, clutching the rope when it dragged him along at a body’s length from the stern of the yacht. Charlotte was beginning to enter the current. Panic started to enter his mind. Each second, he delayed the current would grow stronger making the relatively easy task of freeing the jammed rudder much harder. If at any time, he lost his grip on the rope, Charlotte would be too hard to catch.
Wade could feel the vibration of the cargo ship tearing through the water towards them. He must finish freeing the rudder and get back on deck before the water around Charlotte turned into washing machine turbulence by the cargo ship’s giant propellers. If he wasn’t, death might come knocking.
Hand over hand Wade gripped the rope. Finally, he made it back.
Anneli leaned further over the side. “Wade, you’ve been down too long.” In a desperate move, she banged the side of the yacht.
Wade heard the noise. He couldn’t spare the time to look up. He didn’t know exactly how many minutes remained until the cargo ship’s giant propellers started to churn the water near the yacht. All he knew, when it did, it would be impossible to re-tie the rope.
Another blast from the cargo ship’s giant fog horn sent a shiver down Wade’s back. He set to work gathering the rope in one hand only to release it using his other hand while clutching the line still connected to Charlotte. The loop at the end of the fifty-foot length of rope eventually came into view. Grabbing the loop, he cut the rope free of the rudder. He planned to grab hold of the shortened end above the rudder, slip the rope through the loop and tie it off. He’d hang on while Anneli turned Charlotte away from the cargo ship.
Wade could easily accomplish the task on dry land. Underwater in the ever strengthening current, a cargo ship closing fast, the job seemed to be a monumental task.
Wade hacked the snag out of the rudder, finished the job and watched the rope uncoil. He surfaced and waved to Anneli. A wave created by the turning cargo ship knocked against Charlotte. Anneli overbalanced. A second wave larger than the first, slammed against the hull. She grabbed hold of the top railing to steady herself, but the third wave to hit Charlotte sent Anneli back-flipping into the water.
Wade watched in horror as Anneli floated away from the yacht. He took little comfort at knowing the cargo ship seemed to be changing direction. If he didn’t let go of the drag rope, he couldn’t catch Anneli. If he let go of the rope, they’d be adrift. To get back on the deck he needed a miracle. Without the engine working and a broken boom, he couldn’t turn Charlotte, let alone navigate back through the current to rescue Anneli. A few hours alone in the middle of the ocean might see Anneli eaten by a shark.
Wade acted quickly. His decision must work. Anneli’s life depended on him being correct.
He let go.
Plowing through the water in a desperate freestyle swim to the exact place he saw Anneli, Wade forced his arms to move faster than he thought possible. Fortunately, freestyle just happened to be his favorite swimming stroke back in school. He won every short course event. However, it had been a long time. In seconds his shoulders were screaming for rest. He pushed through the pain barrier. The debate about leaving Anneli in the water to die never eventuated.
Seeing splashing at little closer than what he anticipated helped Wade to move even faster. He’d accept any luck coming his way, no matter how trivial. He didn’t have time to waste on idle chatter. He must get Anneli back to the rope. Soon it would be too late.
Through Wade’s water swamped eyes, Anneli’s form looked a blur. His fingers felt flesh. Wrapping his arm around her torso, he immediately changed swimming style to lifesaving backstroke and forced his feet to pound the water. In the distance, he thought he saw a black fin surface. A shark must have picked up the frantic vibration.
“Kick, hard, Anneli,” he coughed.
Wade felt two feet starting to beat the water. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw Charlotte entering the dark water. She seemed to be picking up speed. Wade roughly calculated the distance. Catching sight of the end of the drag rope he realized he must go faster. If they missed their ride, the shark would feel their frantic swimming style and decide to investigate. Wade surmised they wouldn’t be in the water long enough to drown.
Wade pressed on. His shoulder cramped, so he changed arms.
In a race changing anything usually saw the person losing. Wade never gambled. Above all else, he had to win the race.
The shark closed in on the swimmers. Wade closed in on the long length of disappearing rope. His timing must be perfect. Wade decided in a heartbeat how to win. It might be his only chance to pick up speed.
“Catch me,” he yelled and let Anneli go.
Five strokes and Wade grabbed hold of the rope. He allowed it to slip through his fingers. He watched wide-eyed as the knot he tied at the end came closer. He marveled at how fast it approached his hand. He didn’t want to think about the inevitable if his fingers slipped over the knot. He couldn’t accept floating in the middle of the ocean, no hope of a rescue, waiting to die from a hungry shark.
“Anneli, stretch out your arm,” he called.
She did exactly what Wade told her to do.
He grabbed hold of her wrist. His fingers on his free hand felt the knot at the end of the rope. Using a boxer’s fist, he clenched the knot.
At speed, Wade and Anneli were dragged through the water.
Wade grimaced at the pain as he was slowly dragged apart.
“After climbing over me, grip the rope. You’ll have to hurry; I can’t hold on much longer.”
Anneli completed the stunt in seconds. Wade waited for her to grip the rope using two hands before twisting the end of the rope around his wrist. He now took the time to search for the shark. Satisfied it decided to swim away to look for an easier meal, Wade turned his attention to the cargo ship. The massive vessel didn’t even bother to send a rescue party.
The gap between them looked to be quickly widening. Soon the ship will be gone.
“Nice swim,” whispered Anneli.
“Thanks for the compliment. Let’s congratulate each other after we get back onboard.”
“I agree. Charlotte’s stern looks so far away” said Anneli.
“It sure does.”
The two began to make their way towards Charlotte. Wade wound the rope around his arm as they closed in. The distance between the stern and the two castaways slowly narrowed. Still forty feet from the rudder, Anneli’s speed slowed. Wade too could feel his strength going.
“We have to move faster,” croaked Anneli. “The water is getting colder.”
“I can feel it too,” answered Wade.
Determination willed Anneli’s hands to grip the lifesaving rope harder. Hand over hand she pulled her body ever closer to the yacht, closer and closer, ever closer.
They made slow agonizing progress.
Anneli felt tired beyond belief. Her eyelids were almost closed. Her arms and hands moved in a robotic action. Out of the blue Anneli’s left hand knocked the frame covering the rudder. Startled at feeling something hard, she opened her eyes. She reached out for a strong hand-hold. They’d finally won the battle to get back to the yacht. Now they needed a miracle to get back on deck.
Although the current felt stronger than a few minutes ago, her miracle came from Wade. He untwisted the entire length of rope and wound a section closest to Charlotte around Anneli’s wrist. For a while, she could relax to regain her strength.
“Wade, how are we going to get back onboard? The short piece of rope I attached to the knife doesn’t look strong enough to hold you or me.”
“I’ll climb onboard.” Wade wrapped the end of the main rope about his wrist and proceeded to tie a knot in the rope two feet above Anneli’s wrist.
“Hang on for a little longer; I’ll pull you up.” Wade winked at her. He used the knot for a good foothold in which his feet could push off.
Anneli watched Wade’s entire body hover above the water-line. He groped for the top edge of the yacht’s wall. In one massive push, off, he dived over the side.
Anneli didn’t have time to feel isolated. Wade’s head appeared over the side. He yanked on the rope, hauling in the catch of the day; one gorgeous mermaid.
“Welcome onboard,” boasted Wade triumphantly.
“Thank you.” Anneli flopped onto the deck, staring at Wade through slits.
For a long time, both lay on the deck hugging each other in a loving embrace, too tired to move.
Eventually, Anneli whispered. “About now is the time the hero is supposed to kiss the woman.”
She barely finished the last letter of the sentence when Wade kissed her.
Finally, they were safe.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN



“DARRYL, I have spotted a vessel on the edge of the radar.”
The man speaking wore a white sailor’s uniform. He hunched his shoulders as he stared at the round glass indicator under his nose.
Darryl sprinted across the large bridge of his ship, sweeping one of his sons from his path. He leaned closer to the radar, slapping the man on the shoulder. “Good work. Change course ten degrees to intercept. It must be Anneli.”
“The blip could be any number of ships,” reported the young man. “If you study the radar there are two blips on the same wave. If they didn’t collide, they were close enough to hand each other the daily mail.”
“You could be correct. I’m a betting man. The odds are in my favor one of those blips has my daughter. The quicker we intercept, the sooner I will know.”
Watching the blip for three hours took a strain on Darryl’s nerves. He retired to the lounge area deep inside the belly of the super yacht.
One of his crew came looking for him. He found Darryl staring out of the porthole looking at the calm ocean. A pod of dolphins was the only thing he’d seen in over an hour.
“Excuse me, Sir, I have an urgent message from the Captain.”
Darryl turned and faced the man. “Don’t stand there like a statue, spit out the message.”
“The Captain has asked me to escort you to the bridge.”
“Why? Have we intercepted the yacht my daughter is on?”
“Not yet.”
“Go away. Call me when we arrive.” He turned back to the window and swallowed the red liquid in the wine glass he’d been holding.
“Sir, the Captain insists on talking to you.”
Darryl clicked his tongue at the young man. He marched across the carpet and climbed the stairs to the bridge. The moment he spied the Captain he started yelling.
“This needs to be good news.”
“We have to cut the engine or call into port for more fuel.”
Darryl slammed the wine glass down on the chart table, spilling the remaining red liquid. “We’re not stopping. How close are we to the yacht?”
“If the blip on the radar is the yacht your daughter is on, she’s about one hour from our present location.”
“Order my ship to move faster,” spat Darryl.
“We don’t have enough fuel. If we’re lucky, we might just make it to the blip we’re chasing. When the fuel tanks are dry, we’ll be adrift and at the full mercy of the wind not to mention the currents.”
Darryl threw his wine glass at the wall. Glass fragments littered the floor. He threw his arms up and paced the bridge. “Why didn’t you inform me of this predicament before we got underway?”
“I did try to tell you.”
The four-man-crew looked up from their assigned duties. Displaying a questionable expression, each man focused on Darryl.
“What do you propose?”
“Cut the engine to preserve what little fuel we have remaining and raise the sails. By doing so, the maintenance men might have the second engine fully operational by the time we arrive at the yacht. If we sail into rough weather, we might need to make a dash for land. At any rate, we can buy diesel in Sydney. Two engines running at one-hundred percent will help us to easily catch the yacht.”
Darryl rubbed the stubble on his chin. “The sails have never been raised on this ship.”
“There’s always a first time.”
Darryl stared at the Captain. “Raise the sails. I want to arrive at the yacht sooner than later.”
The Captain started barking orders. In minutes the speed of the luxurious yacht fell dramatically. The moment the massive sails were hoisted, their speed gradually increased then plateaued at a fraction less than fifteen knots.
“If our speed remains constant, we’ll be at the blip this afternoon,” advised the Captain.
“Good, call me when we have arrived,” grumbled Darryl. Marching towards the bridge’s door, he looked over his shoulder at the Captain sitting on a high-backed chair staring out over the calm sea. Darryl grunted and disappeared down the stairs.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN



WADE AND Anneli began to take stock of what tasks must be completed before they could get underway.
Wade stepped away from the handle which helped to lift the mainsail. “When I have fixed the broken boom, I have to climb the mast to replace the pulley at the top.”
“Do you have to climb to the top of the mast?” questioned Anneli.
“Yes. The pulley has jammed. If it’s not replaced, we can’t hoist the mainsail. It was damaged when Charlotte rolled. Don’t worry; I’ll be fine. There’s a cleat up there. I’ll wear the harness. When I get to the top, I’ll tether myself to the cleat. The only thing you have to do is help drag the new pulley up the mast.”
Wade walked over to a closed cupboard, slid the large bolt back and opened the door. On the top shelf he found a brand-new stainless-steel pulley. He carried it and a long length of rope over to the mast. After tying one end of the rope around the pulley and winking at Anneli, Wade climbed the mast using the hand and footholds.
Anneli saw Wade reach the highest foothold three feet below the top of the mast. He tethered himself to the cleat and got to work.
The operation usually didn’t take long. However, Wade had only ever practiced the change-over on dry land. In the middle of the ocean might be another story. Although the sea remained relatively calm the mast still moved side to side. Wade knew if he looked too long at the water he’d throw up.
In a couple of minutes, the four bolts were off. Wade attached the rope to the old pulley and lowered it to the deck. He signaled for Anneli to yank on her end of the rope so the new pulley could be hoisted up the mast. Inside ten minutes Wade stood on the deck.
After a long kiss, Wade whispered in Anneli’s ear. “While at the top of the mast I managed to look out over the ocean.”
“I thought you were trying to stop yourself from throwing up.”
“I wondered why you stepped away from the mast.”
Anneli grinned at his smile.
“On the horizon, I spied a large ship. Her sails were up.”
“Strange,” Anneli said slowly, deep in thought. “If I were made to guess, I’d say the ship might belong to my stepfather. He’s doing everything he can to get me back. I just can’t understand the reason why he’d want to raise the giant sails. It has never been attempted.”
“Maybe the ship’s low on diesel.”
“It’s possible. Do you think we can outrun the ship?”
“I believe Charlotte can easily outrun your father’s small ship. If it’s a race he wants, he’s in for the ride of his life.”
“Don’t forget the boom must be repaired,” said Anneli.
Wade nodded. He marched across the deck to the cupboard. He found what he needed on the only shelf.
“This hammer, the pliers, and four new bolts should do the trick. What I want you to do is locate the ship following us and see if you can estimate how far away she might be. After I’ve completed a rough panel beating job on the boom, I’ll re-attach it to the mast then we’ll be good to go. Hopefully I’ll be finished in five minutes.”
Anneli found a pair of binoculars hanging from the wheel. She walked to the nose of the yacht, lifted them to eye level and searched the horizon. She spied the ship Wade saw, confirming the vessel belonged to her stepfather. For several minutes, she studied the craft. Slowly the vessel changed direction. The new course put her on a heading directly for Charlotte.
“Wade, how many more minutes until the repairs are completed?”
“I’m almost finished,” he called.
Wade slipped the last bolt through the hole in the boom plate then pushed the four bolts home. It looked to be an almost perfect alignment between the boom plate and the mast. Snatching the smaller shifter from his pocket, Wade tightened the four bolts.
Anneli walked over and viewed the repairs. “I don’t want to place undue pressure on you, my stepfather’s yacht has changed course. It’s bearing down on us.”
Wade knew by the hysterical pitch in Anneli’s voice they must set sail immediately. He jammed the tools back into the cupboard, placed the old pulley on the top shelf and slammed the bolt home which secured the small door.
Anneli unleashed the sail from the holding straps. The pair worked well as a team. They wound the sail up to its stop. The wind immediately filled the sails making Charlotte lurch forward. Anneli led Wade to the wheelhouse and pointed to the large yacht following them.
Wade stared at the clouds, searching for warm thermals. He made Charlotte zig-zag on the ocean, trying to obtain maximum speed in the sea breeze. Slowly the yacht increased her speed, hovering at fifteen knots.
The ship behind them seemed relentless. She neither gained nor lost ground. Hour after hour, she remained following Charlotte. The sun rose in the East and set in the West five times. Still, the large ship remained in view.
Wade placed the binoculars down on the fiberglass desk. He looked at Anneli. “You look tired, go below and have a couple of hours sleep.”
“I’m staying,” she insisted firmly.
“I thought you might.”
“I’ve been thinking about the chase. My stepfather’s yacht has two large engines. I’m sure he could easily catch us. If he’s low on diesel, why didn’t he stop in Sydney?”
Wade shrugged. “He might have studied the weather, gambling on making it to Melbourne under sail. Or he doesn’t want to lose sight of us.”
“I guess I’d do the same thing too. Where exactly are we?”
“We’re sixty-four nautical miles from the entrance to Port Phillip Bay,” reported Wade.
“What happens when we arrive in Melbourne? My stepfather will catch us at Port.”
“We’re not going to Melbourne. I live off Flinders, right on the point. If there’s enough distance between us and the ship, we’ll be able to hide at my place. We’ll be sipping champagne on the balcony watching your stepfather’s ship plow through the heads into Port Phillip Bay.”
“How many hours remaining until we arrive at your place?” Anneli commenced a daydream of what might transpire at Wade’s home. The fantasy plastered a seductive expression on her face.
“It depends on the wind. Present speed, about four hours.”
“How’s the engine?”
“Fine,” Wade answered. “It’s the fuel. Sea water has contaminated the tank.”
Anneli walked over to the barometer. She stared at the numbers. “We’ve come so far, so quickly. I can’t believe there’s nothing we can do except hope my stepfather’s ship doesn’t overtake us.”
“We can keep searching the sky for stronger winds. Everything will turn out. Anneli, I want to say something. I hope you realize I’m going out on a limb here?”
Anneli squared herself to Wade. “This sounds serious.”
“It is.”
“You have my undivided attention.”
Wade reached out, placing his hands on her hips.
Anneli searched his face as if his statement might be written in his eyes. She felt a little nervous at what he’d been thinking about for the past few days. After such a horrid start to their trip, the remainder of the voyage back to Melbourne had remained uneventful. Having a lot of time to think about the future seemed to plague Wade’s thoughts.
“I have a couple of questions I’ve been chewing over since our first meeting on the bridge a year ago. They’re statements, not questions; though one idea is a question.” Wade looked over Anneli’s shoulder, focusing on the land coming into view.
“For the first time since we have known each other, you sound nervous. I bet you don’t get nervous in a courtroom full of highly paid lawyers or the Judge. Spit it out.” Anneli rolled her eyes, grinning seductively at knowing what he wanted to say.
“Okay.” Wade straightened his back and stood to full height. Sweat broke out near his temples. He raised his hand to wipe the annoyance away. “The kiss on the bridge felt unique,” he stated.
The sparkle in Anneli’s eyes couldn’t overshadow her enthusiastic expression. She resorted to biting her lip in an attempt to mask her excitement. “So far I have to agree.”
Wade’s shoulders slumped. “I’m having a tough time of this, please, you can’t interrupt.”
Anneli looked lovingly at Wade’s dancing pupils. They easily showed his nervousness. She had inadvertently given him a hard time. For a few moments, she thought she could feel his knees tremble. She sensed the man standing in front of her looked more nervous than a groom on his wedding day.
“Okay, I won’t interrupt again.”
“I’ve forgotten where I got up to; I have to start over.” Wade exhaled in an attempt to relax. “The kiss on the bridge felt unique. I loved it so much I wanted to get to know the person who not only allowed me to kiss her, she wanted to kiss me back.”
“You’re stalling.”
“I know I am.” Wade cleared his throat. “Anneli, whatever you say in the next thirty seconds I want you to know I respect every cell in your body.”
“Thank you, that means a lot to me.”
“Anneli, what I want to say is; I have fallen deeply in love with the woman behind our first kiss. I want to love you forever. If you feel the same way as I do, I’d love you to consider saying yes to my next question.”
Anneli started to fidget. She wanted to say her answer before Wade could recite the question.
The sun and the backdrop behind Wade looked so romantic Anneli felt certain no one could describe the perfect scene. The sky appeared to be a picture of beauty. If God exists, he’d have to be the master artist. His work looked perfect; his timing exact.
Wade pulled a small dull red felt box out of his pocket then downed his left knee. He looked at the sparkle in Anneli’s eyes. After a short pause, he asked his question.
“Anneli, please consider marrying me.”
Anneli’s smile widened.
Wade viewed the signal as a possible ‘yes.’ He stood in front of her an excited man.
Anneli nodded, answering in a positively excited voice. “Yes, a thousand times yes. I will marry you. Wade, I want to spend my entire life by your side.”
Wade pulled the ring from the box, pushing it gently onto Anneli’s finger. Using a new-found passion, the couple kissed. Their loving embrace looked strong, tender.
Anneli broke the hold first. She stepped back, looking at Wade’s blue eyes.
“You have to do something for me.”
“Sure,” he replied.
“I want you to walk to the front of Charlotte and watch the mountains. Whatever you do you can’t look back to see where I am.”
“I’ll agree to your strange request,” complained Wade.
“You have to promise me.”
“I won’t break my word. I’ll do what you’ve asked.”
Walking towards the stairs, Anneli looked over her shoulder. “I will only be a minute.”
Wade watched her disappear down the stairs, concern wrinkling his brow. He faced the mountains. He saw the sun had cleared the ocean. The golden-edged clouds were breaking up, replaced by a light blue sky. Wade couldn’t comprehend the magnificence of ‘Morning Glory.’ His heart pounded inside his chest. He had searched for the young lady from the minute he lost sight of her on the bridge. Now, he not only found her, she had agreed to his marriage proposal. His gamble paid high dividends. His nest egg contained plenty of cash and many businesses. Never again did he have to step foot into the courtroom.
Wade stood absorbed in his thoughts over what their future might hold together he failed to hear the soft footsteps approaching from behind him. He barely felt the tender brown arms moving across his chest. The sparkle from the large diamond and sapphire studded engagement ring glistened in the morning sunlight as Anneli slipped her naked body around his torso and stood in front of him.
“I want to reaffirm my answer to the question you asked.” Anneli’s soft sweet voice wafted up to the man standing proudly in front of her. “I want to be your wife forever more.”
Wade’s smile said it all.
Anneli led Wade back into the depths of the yacht. She had turned the bed down. Two long glasses were full of Champagne. In one smooth movement, Wade’s shirt floated to the floor. His broad shoulders, chest, and tight abs dominated Anneli’s stare. Wade swept the young woman up into his arms. Carrying her to the bed, he kissed her with as much passion as he could muster.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



DARRYL STEPPED onto the bridge. For a long time, he stared directly at the Captain who seemed content to ignore him. The chief navigator further hunched his shoulders over the round glass radar.
“Why haven’t we caught up with the yacht?” growled Darryl.
“She’s more slippery than a sea serpent,” answered the Captain, glancing up at Darryl.
“I don’t want to hear stupid excuses. I want results. The dawn is breaking. I wanted to be boarding her by now. What’s the holdup?” The tone in Darryl’s voice sounded more like a growl.
“There’s a slight delay due to the fact one of the fuel tanks has a small amount of sea water in it. After you ordered the engine to be started last night, the engine has been misfiring for the past hour. I ordered the mechanic to put it back to idle.”
“We have slipped too far back. My daughter and that monster are alone. I want the engine back at full revs. If you don’t see to it, I’ll replace you.”
The Captain stood military style in front of Darryl. “The problem has been corrected. We are now gaining.”
“Good. How far away is the yacht?”
The Captain swiveled an ocean map around, placing it under Darryl’s nose.
“We’re one hundred nautical miles behind. Our instruments are showing we are gaining fast. We will have her soon.”
“What time?”
“Provided there are no more hiccups and the yacht we are chasing stays at her constant slow speed, I estimate about three or four hours.”
“Which is it, three or four?”
The Captain shrugged a shoulder.
Darryl grunted and marched off the bridge.
The Captain shook his head, watching the man disappear down the ladder. He stepped over to the duty officer. “Is the engine giving us some grief again?”
“None I’m aware of.”
“Are you sure?” questioned the Captain.
The duty officer fell silent, listening to the reverberating noise of the engine. “I can’t hear anything amiss, Sir,” he reported.
“You should have your ears checked.”
“Yes, Sir. Your statement is duly noted. When we dock in Melbourne, I’ll make an appointment to see the doctor.”
“Good. A minute ago, I distinctly heard the revs falter on number two engine.” The Captain leaned over the controls of both engines. He touched the idle button. The revs quickly dropped.
“I heard the noise this time, Sir,” reported the duty officer. “What do you recommend we do?”
“Cut the engine. Go check out the fuel. I’m positive Darryl won’t want to be stuck out here one hundred nautical miles from Melbourne. I will go and inform Darryl of the news. I’ll say due to unforeseen circumstances we are running slightly behind in our scheduled rendezvous. Whoever his daughter has teamed up with I’m sure they won’t want a surprise visit too early in the morning.”
The duty officer nodded. He reached out, pushing the ‘off’ button which cut the fuel to the number two engine.
“I’ll go check out the problem.”
“Thank you.”
The man looked directly at the Captain, noting his smirk. “Sir, off the record, doesn’t Wade Mackenzie own the yacht we are chasing?”
“Correct.”
“Isn’t he your cousin?”
“Your information is incorrect. He’s my brother.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



AT 8:20 in the morning, Anneli and Wade stepped onto the deck, pulling the large blanket tighter around them. The breeze felt cool. The tips of Anneli’s long hair were moving in front of her face. Charlotte had stayed on the prescribed course at a constant speed of seventeen knots.
“It’s a beautiful morning,” declared Wade, wrapping the blanket tighter.
“Magnificent,” answered Anneli. She craned her neck and kissed her fiancé. “I love you.”
Wade cradled Anneli tighter in his arms. “I love you too.”
“Don’t we have work to do?”
“Yes, we do. I didn’t want to interrupt the tail end of a beautiful moment.” Wade glanced out over the sea towards the ship still shadowing them. “Strange how they haven’t made any headway. The gap between us looks the same as last night.”
“Good,” snarled Anneli.
Wade led his fiancé back down below deck. They dressed, ate a light breakfast then made their way to the wheelhouse.
The sea had remained calm. The trees growing up the side of the mountains soon came into focus. They were close enough to the cliff face to see the different colors in the rock. Charlotte slipped past a fishing charter. The twelve men waved. One proud fisherman lifted the large snapper he’d caught to show off what the two-man crew of the yacht missed out on.
Anneli waved back, displaying a widening grin. She hoped the man realized what he missed out on by being out on the ocean instead of being at home enjoying his wife’s company.
Wade and Anneli got to work. They took turns at watching the surrounds and making the coffees. Wade constantly changed the direction of the sail, even rigging a smaller one in an attempt to gain more speed.
“Twenty knots,” called Anneli.
“Excellent,” said Wade stepping next to her.
Finally, the heads at Port Phillip Bay were a stone’s throw away directly in front. Wade steered Charlotte ninety degrees to port. The yacht rounded the point, entering the entrance to Western Port Bay. Again, Wade changed course to line up the cliff face.
“My house is up there on the plateau,” advised Wade pointing. “I don’t have any neighbours, so there’s nothing obstructing the magnificent scenery. Two hundred and seventy degrees makes for the perfect ocean view.”
Anneli’s gaze travelled from the ocean to the top of the cliff. Her jaw dropped open. “Your house is a mansion,” she whispered. “The white house looks gorgeous. There’s only one minor flaw I can see in the design.”
Wade pouted.
“I can’t see any steps leading from the water’s edge to the top of the vertical cliff.”
“Trust me; they are there, but we’ll take the easy way.”
Anneli peeled her gaze off the cliff face and looked sideways at the man. “Your statement sounds easier to believe than to do.”
Wade chuckled. He clipped the wheel using his short rope so the vessel wouldn’t stray from the prescribed course then sprinted to the mast.
Displaying a bewildered expression, Anneli volleyed her gaze between the cliff face and Wade. She saw him lower the mainsail. The small sail at the front of the yacht struggled to keep Charlotte moving in the dying breeze.
“We’re travelling at five knots,” advised Anneli. “Do you want to steer away from the cliff face?”
“No,” answered Wade.
Anneli didn’t know what to make of the entire scene. One minute she thought Wade might be crazy, the next, she didn’t know what to think.
“Trust me,” said Wade, confidently.
The tone in his voice broke through Anneli’s puzzled thoughts.
One hundred feet from the cliff face the thimble size swells fizzled out making the sea glass flat. Wade lifted a small black round object from a drawer under the chart table. He pressed the button and unclipped the steering wheel. Charlotte’s speed dropped to a third of a knot. The small sail looked barely moving in the almost non-existent breeze.
Wade pointed to a narrow stretch of sand not much larger than a small house off to their right and the long flight of stairs to the top. It was then Wade redirected Anneli’s attention to the rock wall not more than fifty feet in front of the yacht. The glint in Anneli’s eyes couldn’t mask her excitement. The cliff face started to move up.
“It’s a massive swinging garage door covered in fake rock!” she shrieked.
Wade saw Anneli’s jaw drop as they floated under the large door. Puffing out his chest, he couldn’t care less about Anneli’s stepfather’s threat to rub her out of his will. In fact, he welcomed it.
Switching her gaze from the opening, Anneli faced Wade.
“On a scale of one to ten, what do you think?”
“So far this place is the crown jewels of Melbourne.” Anneli placed her finger in the slight dimple in her cheek. She paused, trying to contemplate a number. “I’d have to say eleven out of ten.”
Wade sidestepped and placed his arm over her shoulder. He lowered his head and kissed her earlobe.
The sea water barely licked Charlotte’s fiberglass hull, as the yacht moved along the dark tunnel. Wade walked to the side, leaned forward, grasping hold of a nylon rope wrapped around a large metal hook. He swiped two gloves from a second hook. After slipping on the gloves, Wade started pulling Charlotte towards the other end of the tunnel.
Behind them, the massive door began to close.
The air in the tunnel smelt of stagnant salt.
In the fading light, Anneli got busy studying the roof of the tunnel, amazed at what appeared to be a natural structure. In what little light remained she focused on what might be ahead. Surely by now, they were directly under the white mansion.
Charlotte moved along the tunnel at a snail’s pace. A long thin board covered in rubber was bolted to the rock tunnel wall to protect the yacht from the occasional scrape.
No sooner had Anneli thought the tunnel was endless, Wade stopped pulling on the rope. He stepped onto a narrow wooden platform and walked over to the wall. With his fingers he brushed a switch. Eight overhead fluorescent lights flickered on. The area appeared to be the size of a standard small car. A series of pulleys bolted into the wall helped Wade pull Charlotte effortlessly from the outside to where he tied her up.
Anneli studied the area. Wade grinned at her astounded expression.
“Not many people have seen what you’re looking at. In fact, you are the first. It’s not a secret. I believe what’s down here is our private business.”
“What do you mean?”
“We’re engaged now. What I have is yours.”
A warm, loving feeling flowed through Anneli at hearing the news Wade wanted to share everything. Through sparkling eyes, her gaze moved from Wade to the cave ceiling then to what had been tied up.
“I see you have a collection of toys; three jet-skis and two small yachts. Adding to the list, there’s Charlotte, three motor boats, three kayaks and not forgetting to mention the three five-metre fishing boats.”
Wade displayed a proud new father’s expression.
Anneli felt positive if he didn’t show her the cave, he could have easily kept the secret from her. She’d never want to marry a man who acted the same way as Meredith’s husband. He kept too many secrets from her. She even showed Meredith photos of at least three women he had loved to prove to her of his unfaithfulness. Meredith waved her hand in the air, dismissing the fact. She married for money believing it made the world go around. Anneli shuddered at the thought.
“Now I’m over the shock of the toys. The tunnel and the cave are amazing. Its natural beauty takes your breath away. How is all this possible? Surely whoever built the house didn’t dig this cave?”
“The tunnel is the remains of a blow hole. The former owner of the house paid to have the cave dug out. I’m led to believe in my research of the area, where the elevator well is located it acted as an escape route for the sea water to the surface. I also discovered tens of decades ago the sea pounded through the tunnel and was forced upwards to form a blow hole. The former owner installed the outer door and the elevator.”
Wade helped Anneli step onto the rocky outcrop. He pointed to the ceiling at a clump of grey. Wade stood watching incomprehension break out on Anneli’s face.
“What on earth is it?”
“The clump contains about fifty mouse bats. I decided to leave them alone instead of eradicating them. We’ve grown quite fond of each other.”
“They’re so cute!” exclaimed Anneli.
“Come on; I’ll show you around our house.”
Taking hold of her hand, Wade led Anneli along the narrow boardwalk. When they walked past the seaworthy vessels, she examined them more closely.
“Each one looks almost brand new.”
“They are. They were delivered six months ago,” said Wade.
“The salesman must have thought Christmas came early.”
“I did make him a happy man,” chuckled Wade. “I didn’t know which one you might prefer the most, so I bought the lot.”
“You bought them all for me?”
“Yes.”
“What would happen if you didn’t find me?”
“I’d never give up searching for you.”
“What if we didn’t fall in love?”
Wade fell silent, dropping his gaze to his feet. “The thought never entered my mind.”
“Thank you for your dedication in finding me.”
“The many hours I spent were worth every second. Is there a hint on which vessel might be your favorite?”
Anneli focused on the boats. Eventually, she answered. “I’d have to say, Charlotte. She already holds wonderful memories.”
The pair abruptly stopped at a stainless-steel door. Wade pushed a button on the rock wall. The single door slid open.
“There is an elevator!” exclaimed Anneli. Excitement rose in the back of her throat causing her voice to lift several decibels. “I thought you were having a joke at my expense.”
“I’m not in the habit of making fun of you,” stated Wade, seriously.
They stepped into the elevator. Wade pushed a green button on the wall. The door closed. They felt a slight vibration under their feet. The elevator ascended slowly. Eventually, the door reopened on to an anti-room. Wade immediately pushed a series of buttons on the side wall. A gas fire instantly roared. Down-lights in the entire house brightened. The curtains blocking out the magnificent view started to open. Sunlight shone on the white glossy marble floor tiles.
Wade led Anneli over to a double glass door. She slid it open, revealing a balcony. Stepping outside, she admired the view.
“The view is more magnificent than the view from the radio tower.”
Wade cuddled Anneli. “You think this is amazing, wait for the five-cent tour.”
“Are you trying to tell me this magnificent view is trumped?”
“Yes; quite easily.”
Wade focused on a ship closing in on the Bay. Anneli stood on tip toes, attempting to kiss his cheek to regain his attention.
“It’s my stepfather’s ship. Do you think he’ll find us?”
“Eventually, he’ll probably guess where you are. Don’t worry, this house has a lot of inbuilt secrets.”
“Is there a chance you’ll show me?”
“Yes, of course. I’m a man of my word. After the quick tour, we’ll return to the balcony in time to watch the ship sail past. First, I need you to agree on something.”
Anneli displayed a sudden doubtful expression. ‘This is it,’ she thought. ‘He’d been buttering me up for the clincher which will put a permanent rift between Wade and her. How could I be so gullible? I put it down to his luring blue eyes and his natural smile. I could kick myself for being too naive over what Wade had promised, downing his knee to ask for my hand in marriage, raising my hopes and dreams. What a joke. I swallowed the bait he used. Now I’m about to pay for it.’
Wade squared himself to Anneli. “I need you to promise me something.”
She stared back at him through glazed eyes.
“I want you to promise me you will make yourself at home in our house. I want to make things crystal clear, nowhere is off limits to you. I want you to act like you’ve been living here for years. You must never think you can’t go into any room. No exceptions.”
A rogue tear slid over Anneli’s cheek. Wade lifted his hand to wipe it away.
“I thought you were going to say something horrible.”
“I know what you were thinking.” Wade palmed his hand around the large room. “Anywhere at any time you want to see something, just go. I tell you what; you lead me through the house.”
Anneli looked up at Wade’s eyes. “Thank you. It means so much to me I can’t begin to say.”
A natural smile creased Wade’s cheeks. “Shall we start the tour?”



CHAPTER NINETEEN



THE SHIP shadowing Charlotte slowed its approach to Port Phillip Bay. The surface of the sea looked almost glass flat. The Captain of the ship called for Darryl to come to the bridge.
“Sir, we have arrived at the entrance to Port Phillip Bay. My radar has indicated the yacht we have been following disappeared just before she entered the bay.”
“Find it. The yacht can’t have gone too far,” ordered Darryl.
“Our radar expert has reported the yacht headed straight for the cliff face near Western Port Bay. It has done exactly what we discussed earlier.” The Captain lifted the binoculars he held in his hand, shoving them at Darryl. “If you train your eyes on the cliff face you should be able to make out a flight of stairs stretching from the small beach to the plateau. The house on the point is where my brother lives. Anneli would be there too if we were following the correct ship.”
Darryl mumbled incoherent words, studying the cliff. “If you’re correct, and you might be, where’s the yacht?”
“No idea,” said the Captain, in a rough annoyed voice.
“Change course. We’ll search the beach. Dirk, call for Meredith to meet us at the small boat. I want her in the landing party.”
“She’s a bit of a handful at the moment.”
“She’s your wife. Get her under control.”
Dirk ran off to find his wife. By the time, he’d returned the group had been sitting in the boat for over five minutes. The Captain signaled to lower them over the side after Dirk and Meredith scrambled onboard.
When the small craft scraped the sand, Darryl jumped out. He didn’t wait for the others, instead he marched towards the stairs. Dirk walked at the rear of the landing party half carrying, half dragging Meredith.
“What’s the rush? Dirk put me down I’m quite capable of walking,” slurred Meredith.
Dirk slowly shook his head, placing her on the sand. She grabbed hold of his shoulder in an attempt to get her balance.
“I don’t feel well. It must be the transition from the sea to the land.”
Dirk didn’t look happy. He growled his next three statements in double quick time. “I think it is the alcohol you have been drowning in. Which reminds me; have you looked in the mirror today, or brushed your hair at any time in the past week. It resembles a bird’s nest.”
“You don’t have to be so insensitive.” Meredith crumpled to the sand, vomiting up the expensive red wine she’d consumed.
Darryl pointed at Dirk. “You are not what I’d call the perfect contracted person I have been led to believe.” He shifted his attention to the Captain. “Our little chat is starting to make a lot of sense.”
In his defense Dirk said a snappy reply. “Father, there’s nothing on this beach except sand. If Anneli and the man landed here, there should be a sign. If they set the yacht adrift, we’d have seen it. Maybe they anchored somewhere else.”
“They might have. We’ll drop in on the house to see who is home. Let’s hope my daughter answers the door,” snarled Darryl.
“What if she doesn’t?”
Darryl growled inaudible words marching towards the stairs.



CHAPTER TWENTY



ANNELI ESCORTED Wade from room to room. Behind her back, his grin widened. He loved every minute of the five-cent tour.
At the threshold to yet another seemingly endless number of rooms, Anneli looked directly at Wade.
“How many rooms make up this mansion?”
Wade scratched his head. “Twenty I think.”
Anneli felt stunned at hearing the number. She turned the doorknob they were standing in front of and pushed on the heavy solid wooden door.
The room looked relatively small; about half the size of the others they had entered. The slate tiles appeared to have an entrapping glow. The bright painted walls seemed to beckon her inside.
“This is the sun room. The last time I entered this room someone had set up a small table at the balcony doors,” explained Wade.
“What do you mean the last time?”
“Before buying the house, the owner showed me this room. He informed me he and his wife used to enjoy watching the ocean on winter mornings and in the cool of the evenings in the summer.”
Anneli walked across the room to the large double glass doors. She opened the curtains on another splendid view of the ocean. She stood watching the large cargo ship entering Port Phillip Bay.
“I’m flabbergasted. It seems every room has a view of the ocean,” Anneli whispered.
“Almost every room does,” announced Wade. He opened the glass balcony doors. The sea air wafted into the room. He stepped up to Anneli, slipping his arm around her waist.
Both enjoyed the intimate embrace as they stared out across the sea, soaking up the sunshine.
“What about your bedroom?” Anneli’s voice sounded cheeky, full of mischievous schoolgirl innocence.
“Our room is at the far end of the house. I call it the ‘masterpiece of the home.’”
“You’ll have to show me. Seeing how we’ll be spending a great deal of time there after we’re married.”
Wade escorted Anneli back along the hallway. They walked past the large kitchen and past ten doorways before coming to a spiral staircase. Off to their right, Anneli saw a study room. The deep patterned dull red carpet looked new. An open fire, stocked full of logs looked ready to light, while one wall boasted a floor to ceiling bookcase full of books. Two black leather recliner rockers were situated in front of the fire. Again, the double glass doors opened out to the view of the ocean.
“It’s up to you whether we climb the stairs or take the elevator,” commented Wade.
“There’s an elevator into our bedroom?” Anneli looked totally surprised at the comment.
“Yes. The previous owners had completed the renovations before they placed the mansion on the market.”
“What an awesome, inspiring find. How long were you looking when you discovered this place?”
“To cut a short story shorter, I happened to be driving past the front fence about two years ago, when I saw the for-sale sign. I knocked on the door. The gentleman offered me a guided tour. He also told me his wife had fallen ill. They made the decision to move to Perth for a warmer climate. I asked him how high my offer would have to be to secure the sale. The owner insisted he couldn’t ask for anything less than one million eight hundred thousand dollars. I offered him two million. He signed the dotted line right where we stood.”
“You offered above what he asked for?”
“I loved the mansion long before the tour finished. The only thing missing was someone to help me enjoy her. You’re that special someone.”
Anneli looked slightly perplexed. “How could I have been, we hadn’t met.”
“I knew one day I’d meet someone special, and I did, in you.”
Anneli squeezed Wade’s hand. “This place is truly magnificent,” she chirped.
“Wait until you feast your beautiful eyes on the main bedroom,” boasted Wade, pressing the elevator call button.
When the single door opened, Anneli stepped into the elevator car, followed by Wade. Floor to ceiling mirrors lined the walls.
The ride to the third level felt smooth. The elevator door opened on an area larger than four bedrooms combined. Off to one side, Anneli saw a mahogany-colored doorway. Wade escorted her across the room to show off the inner room. The walk-in robe looked relatively narrow. On both sides, suits of various colors were hanging neatly from the horizontal metal pole. Beyond the walk-in wardrobe was the bathroom. The floor tiles were cream colored while the wall tiles were of a dull plum color. A free-standing bath and shower boasted gold fittings.
Anneli whistled at the splendor.
Wade slipped his hand over Anneli’s so he could escort her back towards the elevator. A king size four post bed was directly under the mini chandelier in the middle of the room. Glass windows surrounded the entire area.
“This room is round,” Anneli managed to whisper.
“The hired architect had been given explicit instructions the design must be built to scale.”
“Extraordinary. I don’t know of any house which has a round room in the floor plan.”
Wade patted Anneli on the shoulder. His eyes glistened at the next surprise.
“Now I want you to grab hold of the bed post.”
Anneli watched Wade step back to the elevator door. He pushed a button on the wall. One by one the shutters over the windows were automatically wound up. In slow motion, Anneli followed the opening shutters. Eventually, Anneli completed a full lap of the room. Sunlight streamed through the windows. The ocean sparkled.
“This room is a magical fairytale.” She knew her voice sounded worse than a whispered croak.
“I told you something trumped the view from downstairs.”
Anneli looked out of one window, slowly nodding. “I didn’t think it could be possible. I can see why you wanted to buy this place.”
“Two hundred and seventy degrees of ocean viewing at your fingertips,” stated Wade.
“I can only imagine how it will feel to wake each morning to this amazing view.”
“You won’t have to wonder for too long. Tonight you’ll be able to view your first sunset in your new home. In the morning, you’ll view your first sunrise; the first one of decades to come.”
Anneli darted her gaze to Wade. Her smile couldn’t be any wider. “Thank you for rescuing me from my future pathetic life.”
Wade side-stepped, placing the champagne bottle with the note Anneli wrote, on the shelf next to a photo of Charlotte.
“I think this is the perfect place for the bottle. The hand-written note inside will remain sealed. I want whichever one of our great-grandchildren who opens the bottle and reads the note to know ‘Anything is possible when you believe.’”
Anneli walked over. She puckered her lips and kissed her hero then she cuddled him. Inwardly she couldn’t feel any happier.
“There’s one more button,” mentioned Wade.
“Another surprise?” asked Anneli.
“I think you’ll find this next surprise might be better than what you’ve seen so far. I’ll let you decide which one is greater.”
“What about you, which one did you pick?”
“The jury is still out on trying to decide. I want you to press the top button.”
Anneli pushed it. For a few seconds, nothing happened. She heard a clang. She looked up and saw the metal shutters covering the roof were retracting upwards.
“This entire room resembles the dome on top of a lighthouse. The original owner happened to be a lighthouse keeper. He constructed the room for his wife. After saying she hated it, he sold it to an amateur astronomer who in turn needed to sell the mansion to pay for his nursing home and a twenty-four-hour nurse. The man I bought the house from loved this room too. He converted it into what you see today. This room helped me make up my mind to pay more than the asking price. I didn’t want to hear the words ‘no sale.’ Almost every night I lie in bed watching the sunset. In the morning, I watch the sunrise. Come on, let’s step outside. The balcony encompasses the entire dome.”
Wade led Anneli over to the glass door. They stepped onto the balcony together. Slowly they circled the room from the outside.
“This is a magical place.” Anneli sighed, viewing the sea and the plateau the house had been built on. Finally, she looked at Wade. The words he spoke, his actions towards her since they met relayed the message; ‘she didn’t have anything to fear.’ She felt positive he’d see her right. Above all else, she wanted to hear the three words he spoke earlier one more time. Her heart needed to hear them.
Wade gathered Anneli in close. He gazed lovingly at her eyes. Anneli lapped up every moment.
“Anneli, I love you more than life. If you aren’t living in this house, it will never be a home.”
Anneli hugged his chest. Tears fell unhindered down her cheeks. “I love you too.”
As the sun rose steadily in the sky, Wade and Anneli rekindled the kiss they shared on the bridge twelve months earlier. Only this time it seemed to be more real, more love, lacing the very essence of the moment.
Anneli felt determined nothing would ever break the chain.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE



DIRECTLY BELOW Wade and Anneli’s feet, the small group coming up the stairs from the ship made slow agonizing progress. At the halfway point, Darryl looked up at the mansion.
“Boys keep moving. It won’t be long now.”
“Are you positive this is the correct place?” asked one of Darryl’s sons. “If Anneli came this way I’m sure we’d have seen her. These stairs are a nightmare to climb.”
“Stop whining. Keep moving. It’s imperative I talk to Anneli sooner than later.”
“If there is another way of getting to the top, I didn’t discover it,” moaned Dirk.
“All of you keep moving. I want to be knocking on the mansion door in the sunlight,” growled Darryl.
Meredith leaned against the metal side rail. A dull red color had replaced her original green look. “Can’t we stop for a longer rest? I can never see Anneli ever agreeing to such a horrid climb.”
Darryl shook his head. He powered upwards towards the mansion. “When you have decided to follow, I will see you at the top.”
Dirk placed his arm around Meredith’s waist to help her climb the remaining steps. By the time the group emerged from the stairs they crumpled onto the dark green grass. Each person felt exhausted after completing the long climb.
“We must be at least one hundred feet above the sand,” complained Dirk trying unsuccessfully to stand.
Darryl hobbled towards the closest door. “All of you stay where you are. Anneli and I will be having words.” He pounded on the door using a tight fist. “Anneli, if you are in this house. I want to talk to you,” he yelled.
“My stepfather has brought the cavalry for protection,” laughed Anneli.
“There’s no way I’d climb those stairs,” admitted Wade. “I have walk down them. I always take the elevator on the return trip.”
Wade heard more pounding on the door. He leaned over the railing. “Hey down there, we saw you arrive.”
Darryl back stepped away from the door, looking up. Anneli’s brothers joined their father, each one pointing at Wade.
“I want to talk to my daughter,” yelled Darryl.
Anneli looked down over the railing. “I don’t want to talk to you.”
“Anneli, come down,” yelled Meredith.
“Hi Sis,” Anneli replied.
“Please, come down. Bring the bloke.”
“Anneli doesn’t want to talk to any of you,” called Wade.
“If she doesn’t agree with a talk in ten seconds, we’ll break in,” yelled Dirk, raising his fist.
“It won’t be necessary to smash the door, we’re on our way,” answered Wade.
Anneli grabbed him by the shoulder. “I don’t want to see them.”
“I know. I’m stalling for time. I’ll show you an exit I built the day after I moved in. I must confess I’ve never used it. I got to thinking if there ever happened to be a fire while I’m up here, there’s no escape. Come on; I’m certain you’ll love it.”
Wade walked Anneli to the other side of the dome. He pulled a small two-man metal bucket from off the wall. Reaching into the bucket he pulled out a metal clip, fastening the metal bucket to a steel cable above them.
“Your chariot,” explained Wade palming his hand at the vessel.
“You built a flying fox?” questioned Anneli. Her voice gave away her excitement. Stepping into the oversized bucket, her knees were knocking from the exhilaration of the forthcoming ride. “I’m nervous and excited at the same time.”
“Hold on tight. We’re in for a fast ride,” said Wade.
“Will it work? You did mention you’ve never tested it.”
“Do you trust me?”
Anneli hesitantly nodded.
Wade climbed in, took the black disc out of his pocket and pushed the button. With a mighty shove, the oversized bucket moved away from the balcony. Anneli looked back at the glass dome. She watched the long louvers beginning to close.
The wind rushed past them as they plummeted towards the ground at a forty-five-degree angle. Anneli’s long hair trailed behind her. Wade swiped the strands from his face several times. His grin never waned even when the ground rushed up towards them. The canopy created by the trees grew thick. Just when Anneli thought they’d crash into the branches; she spied a gap. The bucket rushed through.
The metal bucket slowed. It came to a complete stop between two large trees three feet above the ground. Wade jumped out, lifting Anneli up and over the side of the bucket by her waist.
“This way,” he whispered, stooping under a low branch.
“Where are we going?” asked Anneli.
“You’ll see.”
Weaving their way through the trees, Wade led the charge along a narrow track covered in leaves. In a small clearing, no larger than the miner’s hut in Darwin, five dark figures were waiting. The welcoming committee stood military style in anticipation of the two arrivals.
Wade stopped walking and glared at the men.
“In case you’re wondering how we got here so quick, I discovered your little secret when I saw the overhead wire. When I spotted the clearing, I easily figured out you’d come here. We took a short cut,” snarled the stockiest figure of the group. He stood slightly in front of the others. “Boys help the man to feel we are one big happy family.”
The four men raised their fists as they marched towards Wade who gently swept Anneli behind him. She screamed at her stepfather to stop the inevitable fight. Wade looked more than ready to step up to the plate to defend his fiancé. The third round would be a replay of their first and second encounter.
“Please, Wade let’s run!” shrieked Anneli tugging on his arm. “I’m not concerned for your safety. I don’t want to see my brother’s hurt.”
“There’s no ambulance for at least an hour,” spat Wade forcefully.
The five men burst out laughing.
Wade’s plan to get them off guard worked perfectly. He grabbed hold of Anneli’s wrist and plowed onwards through the group. Wade and Anneli dived through the doorway of the shed the size of a miner’s hut. Wade slammed the door shut, ramming the metal bar home, locking the door. He walked to the adjacent wall, opened a trap door as pounding on the outside of the door commenced. Wade flicked a switch on the wall. A line of globes lit the way down a flight of concrete steps.
Anneli pulled the trap door shut, sliding the large bolt into the wall. She followed Wade down the steep decent. The smell of sea water quickly grew stronger. The narrow tunnel leveled out at a steel door. Wade turned the rusty handle, tugging on the door.
They stepped across the threshold.
Standing on a twelve-foot-wide concrete platform, Anneli spied Charlotte.
“I think I should have fought your brothers. The last time we met I won easily,” growled Wade.
“You did the noble thing. Although my family and I don’t see eye to eye, I don’t want them to make you their enemy.”
Wade shrugged. “You’re correct. Diplomatic relations sometimes works more effectively than violence.”
“When my stepfather calms down, we can sit and have a good talk.” Anneli’s eyes sparkled as she kissed her hero. She knew beyond doubt Wade would be the only man in her life. He was the special someone she could lean on and trust.
Wade escorted Anneli towards a fifteen-foot motor boat. He helped her climb into the boat. In seconds, he’d unclipped the mooring rope.
“I have a feeling your stepfather is going to be furious over you slipping through his fingers yet again,” stated Wade.
“He’ll have to suck it up,” growled Anneli. “Sometimes he has to listen to what others think even if they oppose his ideas.”
Wade started the outboard motor and navigated the boat out of the tunnel towards the open ocean.
Anneli looked over her shoulder at the shrinking mansion. “Wade, where are we going?’
“Where does a hero usually take his beloved after a furious battle?”



EPILOGUE


Three months after fleeing Darryl’s clutches.


THE MOTOR boat idled to a stop at the stairs. Meredith escorted Anneli, dressed in a long white lace wedding gown up the stairs to the start of the bridge where she met Wade fifteen months earlier. Her grin couldn’t be any wider.
Meredith gave her sister the once over. She leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. “Sis, you make a beautiful bride.”
“I don’t know how to begin to say thank you,” whispered Anneli.
“You don’t have to. What I expect from you is to have a long and happy life. Above all, don’t keep your knight waiting any longer.”
Anneli focused on the man standing in the middle of the bridge. His black tuxedo shone in the late afternoon sun. Four men stood on his left. Each one in turn, stepped forward, slapping him on the shoulder. Anneli’s stepfather looked to be a proud man as he raised his elbow for Anneli to hold.
“Before we start the bridal walk, I’d like to say something,” he whispered.
Anneli looked sideways at her stepfather, not knowing what to expect.
“I should never have tried to interfere in your future. Not only have you met a great man, I also believe he’s going to be an exceptional husband.”
Anneli looked directly at Darryl. “Thank you for the kind words. From now on I think you have earned the right to be called dad.”
Darryl puffed out his chest, escorting his daughter along the bridge. After they walked to the middle, Darryl held out his hand to Wade.
“I’m happy the three of us got a chance to have a little chat,” announced Darryl.
Both men shook hands, not in a business type manner, but as a family member.”
“Who gives this young lady away?” asked the minister.
“I do,” announced Darryl. He winked at Wade, kissed his daughter on the cheek and stepped back to enjoy the marriage ceremony. Only once did he glance at Meredith, noting her eyes were red-rimmed. When a tear from her eyes threatened to fall, she used the tissue she hid in the palm of her hand to wipe the tear away.
For over half an hour the minister preached outstanding words. He glanced at the people who had been invited. He closed the Bible and switched his attention back on Anneli and Wade.
“I now pronounce you husband and wife.”
The minister signaled Wade to kiss Anneli. They leaned forward and kissed for the first time as husband and wife.
A cheer erupted. The well-wishers swamped Wade and Anneli. The group numbered seventy-five, consisting of close family and friends.
After the photos had been completed of the happily married couple, Darryl raised his hands to get everyone’s attention.
“Food is waiting for us back on my ship. Everyone, come. Three launches I have paid for are idling under the bridge.”
The group walked as one down the stairs to the water’s edge. Clambering onboard, the group was whisked away from the bridge.
Darryl’s ship appeared to be decked to the waterline in wedding decorations. Music greeted each one of the group as they climbed the gang rail. They were helped onto the deck by the Captain. Helping Anneli onboard, Wade felt someone grab him on the shoulder.
“Wade, congratulations,” said the Captain.
“Thanks, brother and thanks for stalling Darryl and this fine ship.”
“You owe me.”
Wade chuckled, slapping his brother on the shoulder. “Indeed, I do. Anytime you want help, call me.”
“You can start by watching the uniform. I don’t want it creased.”
The Captain slapped Wade on the shoulder again. He then handed him and Anneli a glass of champagne.
“Between the three of us, I want to propose a private toast. Anneli and Wade, have a great life.”
Anneli kissed Wade’s brother on the cheek. “Thank you for everything you’ve done.”
“Brother, if at any time, you steer this lovely young lady in the wrong direction or you see her wrong, I’ll be at your door.”
“There’s no possible way it will ever happen,” insisted Wade, pushing his arm around Anneli’s waist.
Darryl walked onto the elevated platform overlooking the dance floor. Off to one side, a large wedding cake had been placed in the middle of a long narrow table.
“Before we continue the celebration between my daughter and Wade, my new son, I have something important to say,” announced Darryl through the microphone.
Wade, Anneli, her four brothers and the guests looked at the man.
“First thing I want to say is; Wade, welcome to my family. This ship is as much yours as it is everyone who is here tonight. I also wish to announce publicly I have an apology to make. Our first three meetings didn’t go well. I have learnt a thing or two since then. The first thing I’ve learnt is to watch out for your right hook; it’s a definite winner.”
The guests roared laughing then cheered Wade. A few men shook his hand.
“The most important thing is; I’m pleased Anneli didn’t listen to me when she insisted on going against my wishes and struck out on her own to find a husband. If I’m the only one here who feels this way; as Anneli says; ‘suck it up.’ Wade, in my books you’re a good bloke.”
Wade raised his glass. “I want to make a short speech. On behalf of Anneli, I accept your apology. After our long talk, I want it known, you Darryl, are a good bloke too. Your sons are also okay. Thanks, guys, for being in the wedding party.”
The guests raised their glass. After Anneli’s brothers had individually welcomed Wade into the family, the married couple walked towards the dance floor and waltzed to a slow song. Halfway through the song, they were joined by the guests. After the dance, Wade escorted Anneli from the floor. Spying Meredith at the bar, Wade walked over.
“Meredith, I have a question I’d like you to answer.”
She placed her empty whisky glass on the bar, signaling for the barman to refill it.
“I’m sure you already know the answer,” she taunted, looking directly at Wade. “If you insist on an answer to your question, ask away.”
“First I want to say thank you for helping me to find your sister.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Now for my question. Why did you help?”
“Why do you want to know?”
“Curiosity,” answered Wade.
“Is that the only reason?” Meredith downed another shot of whisky. Slamming the glass onto the bar next to the other four, she ordered her glass to be re-filled again. She sat watching the barman pour the liquid into a fresh glass.
“What more should there be?” asked Wade.
Meredith squared herself to Wade. “What do you see when you look at me?” She lifted a finger and pointed it at him. Before he could answer, she answered her question. “There’s no way I want my sister to end up a drunken, broken woman. We had discussed my future life before I married. Anneli disagreed on my ideas. I should have listened. Don’t feel sorry for me. I chose the money over love.”
“It’s never too late.”
“Save your breath.” Meredith downed yet another shot and ordered two more. “Tell me something, Romeo. Now the marriage between you and my sister is done. I have a question I want you to answer.”
“What if I don’t? What will you do?”
Meredith slapped the empty shot glass on the bar. “Okay, you win. I know when I’ve been told to leave well enough alone.”
Meredith slipped off the bar stool she had been perched on and walked towards the main entrance to the reception area. Wade felt sorry for the woman. Maybe he and Anneli could one day help her change her outlook on life; show her the correct road to travel along.
At the door to the outside, Meredith stopped, turned and staggered back to the bar. She stood swaying in front of Wade.
“Can I ask you my question?” asked Meredith.
“It all depends.”
“If you decide to answer I want you to be honest.”
Wade boasted his natural smile.
“Okay Romeo, tell me how you ‘wooed’ my sister into marriage. Don’t tell me it was the note in the bottle thing. It’s too much of a coincidence.”
“You’re correct; however, the note did play a minor part in the fate of us coming together. Don’t forget, you helped.”
Meredith rolled her eyes. “Please continue. This ought to be good.”
Anneli walked up behind her husband, placing her arm around his waist. “What’s all this? Meredith you’re not trying to steal my husband?”
“The thought never entered my mind.”
Wade kissed Anneli on the cheek. “Meredith wanted to know my secret of wooing you into marriage?”
Anneli grinned. “Sis, let me tell it this way.”
“I’m listening.”
“On second thoughts, Wade, the story might sound more authentic if you say it. I haven’t the luring eyes or the natural smile.”
Wade looked seriously at Meredith. She instantly felt uncomfortable over the entire scene.
Anneli tightened her grip on her husband, waiting for a response from her sister.
Wade’s voice didn’t falter when he spoke the sentence which flooded an emotion-charged feeling that swept Anneli’s spirit.
“How would you react if a tall, handsome stranger came up to you on new-years-eve and asked for a kiss?”

The series continues in Kiss on the bridge two
Here is a snippet from that book


KISS ON THE BRIDGE TWO


CHAPTER ONE


Somewhere near Melbourne 1976.
Two years after cyclone Tracy destroyed Darwin on Christmas day.

‘Goodbye Meredith.’

THE TWO words brought a tsunami wave of fear, hitting and burying the emotion in the pit of Meredith’s stomach. In seconds the wave receded, replaced by the realization she was staring up at the inside of a coffin. Having a hot steam iron placed against her skin could not compare how fear, hopelessness even despair had invaded her mind. Meredith was about to face her greatest fear.
‘Being buried alive.’
Meredith blinked several times in rapid succession, staring at the dull light of the 25-watt incandescent globe. Whoever placed her in the coffin inserted the globe into a cheap plastic bayonet cap and screwed it to the wooden lid.
She knew the light would be her only warmth.
The cold surging through her body, starting at her feet slowly constricted her muscles making any movement she tried to make problematic. The air grew stale, proving it was a challenge to breathe.
In slow circles Meredith moved her head around hoping she might be in the middle of a nightmare and not lying prone in a coffin. Not more than a few inches above her nose was a single smooth panel of wood. There were no joins. Her prison, a hand made wooden structure no wider than her shoulders appeared to be escape proof.
A nightmarish scream erupted from the depth of Meredith’s spirit.
The wooden casket easily swallowed the noise.
“I’m going to die,” she cried.



Dear reader,
Thank you for reading my novel ‘Kiss on the bridge’ I do hope you enjoyed it. The adventure continues in kiss on the bridge two and kiss on the bridge three. Any feedback is gratefully accepted. The information you, the reader give, helps me to become a more professional author.

My novels are based on the Australian culture. Some of the spelling is Australian. Thanks for your understanding.

Again, thank you for your support, for without you, the reader, I wouldn’t have anyone to read my work.

Mark Stewart


About the author


Mark Stewart is an inspirational author.
The transformation from when I started to edit his work till
now has been amazing. His hard work and dedication has
helped him to write more professionally.
Mark is undeniably the one to watch.

Mathew Lang



Mark Stewart is an acclaimed author.
He loves to write fiction right across the board from romance adventure
to crime and onwards to science fiction and children’s books.
His fast-paced novels will keep you on the edge of your seat from the first word to the last.
Mark lives in Melbourne Australia and tries to keep to the Aussie lingo and customs.

Rosemary Cantala



Other novels I have written in the way of romance are:

Kiss on the bridge.
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift:
Legendary blue diamond.
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Don’t tell my secret.
201 May Street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies Club
Book of secrets
Mistress

The Blood Red Rose
Blood Red Rose Two
Blood Red Rose three

Crime novels: The Kendal Chronicles
Fire Games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Children: A Troglian knows
Luke’s cubby house
Malcolm’s cubby house

Book of short stories

Smashwords has various short stories.

Below is the opening page of my novels in order that I have listed them:


Kiss on the bridge two:
Set in Australia in 1977. Meredith wakes in a coffin. She has no idea her hero is on the way. They meet and fall in love. Will the emotion be strong enough to keep them together?

The Perfect Gift. Adventure romance. Available Smashwords.

Naomi is twenty-six and doesn’t like the way all men mistreat her. She decides a change is needed and applies to be a jillaroo on a cattle station named the Oasis. Its location is in outback Australia. She meets a cowboy, Trent, who is a rodeo champion. They agree on a bet. Eventually both want out, but neither wants to be first.
Through a series of adventures that stretch from the city, to a fast-flowing river in the outback where Trent must save Naomi from drowning, love germinates in the middle of a storm.
In her heart, Naomi is a woman who adores the city’s nightlife, but as the sun sets on each day, the Australian outback is enticing and the excitement of the city fades. Then she inadvertently saves the Oasis.
Love is growing, then Brandt; Naomi’s obsessive ex-boyfriend tracks her down. Can Trent save her one last time?

Synopsis: Legendary Blue Diamond. Adventure romance. Available April 10th 2012

HISTORIANS AND researchers say the birth of the legendary blue diamond originated when the earth was being born. Some say the legend commenced at the union between a man who had skin, the color of the night sky and a woman who had skin the color of the sun. Rumor has it that the diamond was no larger than a single carrot. Lately there have been whispers that the deep blue colored diamond was reported to be in excess of nine carrots possibly even ten or higher. What I believe isn’t important, though I assume it lays somewhere in between. There’s been bush talk from the Australian Kimberley’s to Melbourne; whosoever touches the blue stone will die, for it is cursed by God. I believe it is due to man’s greed and the blood that drips from his hands is the truth behind the cursed stone.
I have extensively researched a great number of books on the subject looking for a start date to the authenticity of the legend. I think I may have uncovered the actual events, but I have no way of proving if the facts are correct. I have been able to ascertain the legend was born around the mid 1800’s AD when the State bank of Victoria was in its infancy. A gold prospector unearthed the diamond. In days he had sold it. The buyer was a man in charge of the bank. The diamond was indeed dark blue in color, but definitely a one off, stroke of luck find. One cold dark night a bushranger, his brother and a third man came into a small town searching for the blue diamond. They never found it. The banker was tortured for the information of the stone’s where-a-bouts. He took the knowledge of its existence to his grave. Of late a possible theory has been circulating that the man’s wife has it in her possession. How she escaped from being murdered was any one’s guess.
If you ask me, do I believe in the story, I’ll answer you truthfully. I know it only to be a legend.

Synopsis: Blood Red Rose. Vampire adventure romance. Available on Smashwords.

“You can’t force me to drink that, I’m innocent,” yelled Haleton. “Rose-a-lee what have you done?”
There was no reply.
William Haleton is a normal man looking for love and the good life then the council of four modifies his DNA and uses him as a guinea pig. They transform him into a vampire. Pleading his innocence falls on deaf ears.
Haleton is hungry for the next evil soul, but deep down he has a burning desire for the love of a girl. Her blood is sweet and hypnotic. Her genetic makeup is his perfect match.
Being transported again through time is not an option.
The clock is ticking.
Haleton will do anything to stay by Amber’s side, but is it possible for her to love him? Can Craig Benyon, Amber’s close friend, be trusted? After all he loves her as much as William Haleton.
If an antidote to the vampire’s curse is found in time, will it be successful, or is everything Haleton going through part of the vampire curse?

Don’t tell my secret

How far are you willing to go to keep a secret?
James Buxton is summoned to his publicist office. He’s not brave enough to tell her he’s suffering from writer’s block. She tells him to write a romance. At first he refuses, explaining he writes crime. She walks over, gives him a seductive kiss then says go write me a romance novel. When he arrives at a bed and breakfast hotel, he meets an attractive woman, Mia Garnett. Did fate bring them together or something else? James meets an elderly woman, Eloise, who wants to dictate a romance novel to him. He is told to take the credit for the book. The story is about a woman living in 1940’s and her struggles to survive when her husband goes to war. Lilly and her friend Suzie do a horrific act. They vow to take the unspeakable deed to their graves. As James types the novel, he falls in love with Mia. After a romantic dinner at a restaurant they dance to the juke box with the song queue full. At the end of the night they are informed the jukebox queue hasn’t worked for years. When Mia hears the truth behind Eloise will the discovery put a rift between her and James forever?

Synopsis: Fire Games.

Detective Alan Kendal puts his life on the line to outplay the psychotic arsonist known as Patrick.
Detective Kendal is ordered to team up with Detective Claire Ambroso, whom he’s known since school, but she carries a secret and he has a grey past. Which one will come forward to haunt first? Kendal grows suspicious of his new partner when she aims her gun directly at him and pulls the trigger. What’s her motive? Is she Patrick’s accomplice? If not, who is?
How can Patrick always be one step ahead? Does Kendal have enough time to rescue his kidnapped twelve-year-old daughter, Tegan, before Patrick’s fiery finale?


Synopsis: Heart of a spider. Crime. Second book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Detective Kendal is on the trail of a patient who has escaped the mental institution and wants to sever Kendal’s life line. The chase is complicated by the visitation of a ghost and the appearance of a supposed vigilante.
Kendal doesn’t believe in ghosts, but finds himself having a conversation as he stares at one. His partner, Claire Ambroso has to fight for her life when Kendal is told to meet GP at the wharf when the moon is at the highest point in the night sky.
Confusion sets in at a local supermarket when a robbery goes wrong and someone in Kendal’s family is shot.
The trap is set for the person who masterminded the escape and a final shoot out at the hospital reveals amazing results that astounds even Kendal.

Synopsis: I know your secret. Crime. Third book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Everyone has a secret. Some people take theirs to the grave. Some hold their desires inside for a lifetime. Some stew on their secret all their life, and then they get revenge.
I know your secret is a suspenseful crime novel. Melbourne homicide detective Alan James Kendal and his partner Detective Claire Ambroso have to locate a missing teenage girl. The case hots up when he is introduced to a medium. She seems to hold all the knowledge of the case except a few minor details, like, why did Kendal find an empty bullet shell that had a note inside that read, ‘I was paid to miss.’

Synopsis: Ladies’ Club

The members of the Ladies Club vote in favor of revenge. If their family ever discovers what they did, it could ruin three marriages. To get away with blue murder the ladies will have to plan everything. Just when they think they are in the clear a detective who is married to his job discovers incriminating evidence. He is in a bind. Should he arrest the ladies, or simply destroy the evidence and walk away?

