KISSING MONSTERS
Kissing Monsters — Book One



Lynn Robin
KISSING MONSTERS
Kissing Monsters — Book One

Copyright (c) 2020 Lynnette Robin Slijkhuis

Cover and interior design: (c) 2020 Kimberly Jolanda

ISBN: 9780463950753

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission of the author.

www.lynnrobin.com

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Kissing Monsters
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Epilogue

Sneak Peeks
Kissing Shadows
The Insomnia Files: Jodi Collins
INSOMNIA

About Lynn Robin
Connect with Lynn Robin
Books by Lynn Robin

PROLOGUE
a collector’s dream
A smile pulls at his lips as he gazes at his collection. It is an assembly of monsters: some small, some large, some even as tall as buildings.
All of them equally dreadful:
Empty eye sockets and orbs of ever-burning fire stare back at him, while claws scrape against the ground, tongues run over blood-stained teeth, and low growls and moans roll out of wicked throats.
He studies them, feeling a swell of pride. He himself is a monster as well, but of a different kind—in fact, there is only one of him, and although he isn’t a giant and lacks an insatiable thirst for blood, he might very well be the most dangerous one.
The other monsters know he is.
Every single one of them fears the Collector: the monster who collects other monsters. Sometimes he steals their eyes, sometimes their claws. And sometimes—and now is such a time—he simply uses them to do his bidding.
To the Collector, the world is like a board game, and these monsters are his pieces to move around at will. They will help him claim the one thing he wants the most.
He has waited for such a long time.
The Collector briefly closes his eyes, lowers his chin to his chest, and releases a sigh, slightly shuddering.
“Now,” he whispers to himself.
Looking up again, his gaze latches on to a monster with red-glistening teeth and milky eyes.
“You,” he says. “Go hunt for her. You know who I want.”
The monster jerks to attention, wavers for only a moment, then turns and hurries into the shadows. The Collector peers after it into the darkness, straightening his back in grim determination.
It is a kiss he wants.
And a kiss he will collect.

CHAPTER ONE
the cello player
Tucked away in a shadowy corner of a quiet bar, a girl swirls her red wine around in her glass, her eyes lit by the tealights floating around in the bowl of water on her table. There are flower petals in the water as well; they’re red, like her wine.
Red, like her hair; red, like her lips. Her skin is a deep, dark shade, darker even than the night sky, while her eyes are a bright, pale gray, a startling contrast that grabs the attention of both men and women—and monsters.
Her name is Kiss.
Some might have heard of her. Some haven’t.
She travels the world to find monsters to kiss and turn them into angels—for the world has too many monsters and too few angels, she believes; too many shadows and too few stars in the sky.
Kiss isn’t a mere girl, nor a monster, nor an angel, nor a human: no, she is a Gifted One, meant to change and heal the world.
The first monster she ever kissed was a serpentine creature lurking in the depths of the sea, who did nothing but devour all ocean life, slowly killing the Realm of Water. Kiss, at hearing the earth cry out in pain, dove into the sea and swam into its depths. There, she found the monster, who bared its teeth and opened its mouth, ready to swallow her whole—but she wrapped her arms around its neck and didn’t let go, not even after it dragged her through the entire ocean until it had tired itself out. As it sank to the ocean floor in exhaustion, Kiss caressed its face and pressed her lips to its forehead.
And with that, the serpent grew wings shining brighter than the sun; Kiss let go of the angel and watched it swim upwards, until it dove out of the water and flew into the sky, joining the other stars; the angels.
There have been many more monsters after that—one with giant paws and razor-sharp nails that tore down the rainforests; another one who threatened to melt the ice and turn the world into a dry realm of everlasting summer. There were smaller ones as well, monsters who preyed on humans to steal their health or dreams or wealth, and many other things one might find important.
Yet, despite Kiss’s efforts, the world is still full of monsters.
Some days, it makes her feel tired.
Today is such a day.
She lifts her glass to her lips and takes the smallest of sips while she casts her gaze around the bar, relishing the sour sweetness of the wine. The humans barely notice her; friends are laughing and sloshing their beer, some are alone and peer into their glasses, while couples are bent toward each other, quietly whispering, their faces painted by the golden glow of candlelight.
Kiss watches them the longest—those couples—spellbound as they inch closer to one another to let their lips meet, the sweetest of touches.
During her life she has shared many kisses. She has given love, and lots of it.
But she has never received.
Sighing, she averts her eyes and takes another sip of her wine. Her gaze travels to the stage at the back of the bar—there, in the shadows and dim light, sits a young man. He has a cello placed between his legs, the endpin resting on the floor to support the instrument’s weight. She studies his fingers, the knuckles bent, on the cello’s neck, while he caresses the strings with his bow.
A caress. Only that seems to be the right word for it. He plays softly, calmly. His gaze is cast down while he plays, his low octaves floating through the bar. No one watches him, however. Barely anyone even appears to hear his music.
The music sounds warm yet tragic. Peaceful yet lonely.
It stirs something in Kiss’s heart. She quickly looks the other way before she can take in any more details of the young man’s appearance; before he notices her watching him, and she attracts attention to herself. To her… otherworldliness all humans never fail to notice.
Kiss doesn’t belong anywhere. She lives in a realm between worlds; that of monsters and angels on one hand, and that of humans on the other. A Gifted One is meant to wander endlessly until their work is done. But when that time will come, Kiss doesn’t know.
It’s a lonely life, but not an empty one; she has a purpose, she has a task. She should be grateful for the reason why she’s born: to make the world a brighter place.
But some days, loneliness is a heavy burden to carry on your own.
She moves to lift her glass and take another sip of her ruby-colored wine—but pauses, when a shadow seems to fall over the bar, dimming the candlelight.
Growing still, she straightens her back and looks around, left to right, scanning the faces of the crowd and then the shadows—
“Hello.”
Kiss blinks, finding someone standing at her table. She looks up at him in surprise—she didn’t even notice or hear him coming toward her.
She swallows as she takes him in. A young man. Dark hair falls across his eyes that seem to burn like embers in the candlelight. He has a narrow face with slightly sunken cheeks. Olive skin. Stubble on his jaw. Strong shoulders. Lean arms corded with muscle. Long fingered hands, with which she has seen him hold a bow to a cello.
The cellist.
Only now does she realize the music has stopped.
Kiss doesn’t speak and merely gazes up at him, still aware of the lurking darkness in the bar, despite being spellbound by the man’s appearance.
He is beautiful.
The young man studies her in turn. “I know who you are,” he says at last.
His voice, deep and smoky, reminds Kiss of his cello’s low octaves. She still doesn’t say anything, cautious.
“Your name is Kiss,” he continues; his gaze hasn’t left her face, tracing all of her features, her eyes, her nose, her cheekbones, and now, her lips, full and red. “You turn monsters into angels.”
“Yes,” she answers slowly, her own voice soft and low, clear like a starry sky.
“I am only human,” he says, “but I have to warn you.”
“Warn me?” she repeats.
He doesn’t elaborate immediately—instead, he sinks down onto the empty chair opposite her. He casts a searching gaze around them before leaning closer, resting his toned arms onto the table. His long fingers nearly graze the foot of her wineglass as well as her own fingertips, but not quite. “There is a different kind of monster out there,” he says, a near-whisper, those ember-eyes back on her face, intense and unwavering. “They call him the Collector. He travels the world to steal, from monsters and humans alike—their appearance, their eyes, or simply something they own, like a valuable object.
“I’ve heard he’s looking for you,” he finishes, and a shadow crosses his face.
“The Collector.” Kiss pauses. “I believe I have heard of him, yes.”
“He’s different from other monsters.” He hesitates. “They say that if you would kiss the Collector, he wouldn’t turn into an angel, but would take away your gift instead. They say… the kiss would turn you into a monster.”
At hearing his words, a chill runs down Kiss’s spine, but she composes her face as she regards him. “And what would you know of monsters?” she asks softly. “Like you said yourself, you’re a mere human.”
The young man draws back a bit at that—and only now does Kiss realize how close they’d been; she’d been leaning toward him unconsciously and now the sudden distance between them makes her feel cold.
She tries to ignore the pang in her chest.
Of loneliness. Of longing.
For something more. Something of her own.
A kiss that would be for her.
She tears her eyes away from his lips—right when they begin to move as he finally speaks again: “I see and hear many things others don’t. Which is why, I suppose… nobody seems to see and hear me.”
Kiss regards him silently, recalling the sight of him playing his cello earlier and how not a single person paid him any attention.
There is a grave look in his eyes as he slowly shifts closer again, his fingertips nearly touching hers. However, he doesn’t say another word.
“This Collector,” Kiss begins, “why would he want my gift?”
“He doesn’t.”
Kiss furrows her brow. “I thought you just said he was looking for me to steal my gift.”
He shakes his head, gazing at something behind her shoulder, pensive. “I think… he simply wants your gift only so you would stop turning monsters into angels—for he can’t steal things from them. And he prefers to steal from monsters over stealing from humans, because monsters are more powerful and their things more valuable.”
“You know a lot about the Collector.”
“I listen. I pay attention.” His attention shifts back to her, and Kiss grows completely still. No one—no monster, no angel, no human—has ever looked at her for this long.
Monsters only long for her blood and life.
Angels merely watch over the humans.
And humans… well, if she’d let them, they would undoubtedly gaze at her for hours, mesmerized by her beauty, but she won’t ever let them, for it’s safer for them to be unaware of the existence of monsters and angels and Gifted Ones.
Yet this young man… is different.
“What is your name?” Kiss asks, aware of every place his eyes touch, leaving a tingling trail on her skin.
He considers her for a moment. Then, quietly: “Zane.”
“Zane,” she echoes, tasting the name, feeling the way her lips and tong curve around it. “Well, Zane,” she says, forcing herself to lean away from him, away from his body heat. “Thank you for warning me. I’ll be careful from now on.” She rises from her chair.
Zane straightens a bit, a lock of hair falling in front of his left eye. “Are you leaving?” He sounds slightly husky, almost breathless.
She casts a look around the bar. “There is a shadow here,” she says, “warning me of something dark. I can’t stay.”
He gets up as well. “Is it the Collector?”
“Perhaps.”
“Wait.” His hand shoots out and then his long fingers curl around her forearm, stalling her. Kiss stops and her heart skips a beat; for a long moment her entire world merely consists of his skin touching hers, warm and real; of his hand closed around her arm, the grip of his fingers.
He’s strong. She can tell, even though he’s not holding her that tight at all.
In her peripheral vision, the shadows start to slink away from the walls.
“I should go,” she says, forcing her voice to be steady.
His fingers tighten slightly. “I can help you—I can help you hide. I promise he won’t find you.”
Kiss smiles faintly. “Why would you, Zane?”
He falters.
“You’re just a human. Humans can’t fight monsters. Which is why,” she continues, “I keep them all safe by turning the demons into angels.”
She then pulls herself free and his hand falls away. A burning sensation remains on her skin—a pleasant burn, warm and hot, yet soft and tender.
“Play your music. Bring beauty into the world, Zane. It’s better for everyone,” Kiss whispers, right before she slips past him, too nimble for him—or anyone, for that matter—to catch.
Her red dress swirls around her legs as she makes her way over to the exit. She quickens her pace as she notices the shadows following her along the walls, catching glimpses of teeth and talons.
Kiss exhales a breath of relief when she steps outside, into the cool summer night. She hurries through the street, past restaurants and terraces.
It doesn’t take long before she notices the shadows creeping closer again. Ragged breaths reach her ears, distant at first, then rapidly growing nearer.
Her eyes flit over the humans around her, smiling and laughing, unaware of the threat. Some gazes briefly lock onto her, but she turns away quickly and hurries on before she can catch anyone’s attention.
She has to leave this street. She can’t let the humans here get hurt.
Heart pounding, she darts into an alley to her right. It’s long and fairly wide, and soon the hubbub of restaurants and bars and voices fade away behind her back. Silence falls over her. Her footsteps, had she worn heels, would have echoed between the buildings—but she’s barefoot, as she always is, and she moves noiselessly.
Another ragged breath—
A rush of movement to her left—
Kiss jerks to a halt as a shadow slips in front of her, blocking her way.
She curls her hands into fists as the shadow takes on form, growing into a hulking shape. Its body is humanoid—spindly and emaciated; she can see its ribs pressing against its leathery skin—, but its head is shaped like a wolf’s. Two wide, milky eyes. Two rows of teeth, dull and brown, glistening with blood. A rotten stench fills the alley, and Kiss’s gaze falls upon the talons at the end of the creature’s tapered fingers; long and curled, covered in gore and shreds of skin. Monster or human, Kiss can’t quite tell.
The monster steps closer to her, sniffing the air.
Kiss doesn’t back away, but remains cautious. “You’ve been sent by him, haven’t you?”
It stills, watching her with its milky eyes.
“You’re a servant of the Collector,” Kiss says.
Slowly, it lowers into a crouch.
Kiss’s muscles tense, but her breathing is still steady, as is her heartbeat. This is merely a small monster. Dangerous, yes, without a doubt—but she has seen greater threats.
It’s nothing she can’t handle.
“Did he send you to watch me?” she asks calmly. “To follow me? Or… to harm me?”
The monster tilts its head to the side.
Then, it leaps.
It dives for her, hands outstretched, mouth open wide, drops of blood flying from its teeth—
Breathless, Kiss ducks and tucks her legs into her chest, rolling away. The moment she presses back up, she hears the monster’s feet thump on the ground behind her. Thick waves of her flaming hair fall over her face. She pushes it away from her eyes while she comes up into a crouch, her fingertips pressed to the concrete beneath her feet.
The monster turns back around, snarling.
“Is he this frightened then,” Kiss whispers, heart pounding now, “that he’s not brave enough to fight me himself?”
Roaring, the monster charges.
Kiss narrows her eyes—then, at the last possible moment, she veers sideways, out of the line of attack.
Yet, the monster’s talons graze her leg.
Pain flares, hot and sharp.
With a gasp, Kiss stumbles to the side, crashing into the wall with her bare shoulder. She glances down at her right leg. Blood glistens and oozes out of torn flesh.
Clenching her jaw, she looks back up at the monster. It’s snapping its jaws and starts to reach for her, its milky eyes glazed over with hunger now that it has smelled her blood.
It’s sweet, like roses, so unlike any monster’s or human’s.
Once more, the monster lunges, its spindly legs running toward her, its talons ready to shred her arms, her neck, anything. Kiss moves to step aside, but winces as she places her weight onto her right leg. She hisses in pain, but then—
The monster plants its clawed hands on either side of her shoulders, caging her against the wall. Kiss draws in a sharp breath as the monster brings its head closer. Its teeth nearly graze her jaw, reeking of rot and death.
It tenses, ready to bite.
In a swift motion, Kiss wraps her arms around the monster and presses herself close against it.
It jerks back with a howl, struggling to fight her off, but Kiss hugs him closer instead, holding her breath. The monster moves wildly and throws itself against the ground, taking her with it. They roll and roll, until Kiss comes out on top. She presses up, looking down at the monster.
The creature stiffens as it gazes up at her.
Kiss leans down and presses her lips to its cheek. “You can be more,” she murmurs, “so much more than a demon’s servant; so much more than an instrument of shadows.”
There’s a sigh as the monster’s body softens beneath her—a rattling sigh at first, but it soon turns into a breath, a smooth exhale. Kiss scrambles off the monster and rises to her feet, wincing at the searing pain in her leg. But she can’t tear her eyes away from the monster.
She never can.
Its dark skin turns a pale shade and its features start to change; instead of a wolf, it now seems to resemble a fox, and its humanoid body, though still as thin as a skeleton, now looks graceful instead of spindly. The creature, no longer a monster, starts to radiate the faintest of glows.
But then—
An explosion of white-blue light.
Kiss stumbles back and lifts a hand to her face, narrowing her eyes against the brightness, yet still unable to look away: She gazes at the wings that have unfurled from the creature’s back.
With a single powerful, flapping motion, the angel rises into the sky.
Tilting her head back, Kiss watches it fly higher and higher—faster, perhaps, than lightning—until it’s a mere dot in the distance, shimmering and winking in the midnight-blue blanket that is the sky.
She releases a shuddering sigh.
Another kiss. Another monster. Another angel.
Kiss casts her gaze down and swallows, moving to take a step forward and leave the alley.
Her leg gives out—she stumbles—she collapses onto the ground.
Blinking against the black, blooming flowers threatening to swallow her vision, she struggles to push back up onto her forearms, glancing back at her legs sprawled out behind her. A stab of panic sends her pulse racing when she sees the blood oozing from her shredded leg, the blood even redder than her hair, her lips, her dress—redder, even, than the wine she’d been drinking tonight.
She tries to move her leg.
The pain slams back into her, stealing the breath from her lungs. Her arms slide away, her fingers twitch while she reaches for… she doesn’t even know.
This has never happened before. She blinks again, but black spots keep crowding her vision, slowly swallowing the world. What did the monster do to me?
Blackness blinds her.
The next moment she grabs hold of consciousness again, she finds her cheek pressed to the concrete.
And a set of footsteps, walking toward her.
Blackness again.
Forcing her eyes open, her gaze darts over a pair of shoes coming to a halt in front of her face, but she can’t focus, she can’t—
Consciousness slips away from her once more. The last thing she hears is an intake of breath; the last thing she feels is a pair of strong arms lifting her up from the ground, pulling her against a chest smelling of rain and sandalwood.
Then—
Darkness.

CHAPTER TWO
world traveler
The first thing Kiss hears is the softest of noises. A shuffling sound. Then, a whisper: “I’m so sorry.”
Furrowing her brow, she struggles to open her eyes. She blinks; she still can’t see, the world around her is still dark—
No, that’s not true: shapes slowly come into focus, shadows and silhouettes. She still can’t tell where she is. Her body rests on something soft, something her weight slightly sinks into. Pillows, perhaps. Or a bed.
“I’m so sorry I let this happen to you,” the voice repeats, choked. “I should have been braver.”
Kiss tries to look up, but suddenly her eyelids are too heavy; they’re pulled down as if there are strings attached to them and an eyelid-puppeteer is controlling them, stealing her vision.
A sigh flutters out from between her lips, and again, she feels herself sinking down into unconsciousness.
The whispered apologies fade, and so does the world.

• • •

The next time she wakes up, she can tell several hours have passed.
Blinking, she waits for her eyes to clear as she slowly takes in her other senses: Her leg throbs in time with her heartbeat, which is calm and steady despite the ache. She can smell something moist, something spicy, reminding her of rain soaking the earth and flowers; and it is raining—she can hear the constant rush of thousands of tears falling out of the clouds. She’s in a bed, comfortably soft, covered under a blanket, and she finds herself lying on her side, facing a strange room of a strange home.
And not just strange as in unfamiliar—
It’s all rather peculiar.
Slightly pushing herself up onto her elbow, her hair sliding away from her face, she lets her gaze wander over the room, which is filled with all kinds of things and seems to serve for many purposes; looking at the bed, it must be a bedroom, but she sees a small dining table with two chairs as well, including a kitchenette. And, near the large, arched windows—which give her a view of a gray sky and the tops of buildings—there is also a couch, and two armchairs across from it.
The walls are painted a deep red, though they’re barely visible: they’re covered by dozens of framed paintings, and on the floor, shoved against the walls, are all kinds of objects. Wooden chests, tattered suitcases that seem to have traveled the entire world, beautiful statues made of wood and stone, adorned with beads that will surely glitter when hit by the sunlight. There are small tables and old lanterns, rusty birdcages and various teapots, plants in colorful pots and tiny lights strung from the wooden pillars supporting the ceiling.
There is so much to see, it’s dizzying; it’s like several worlds, all tucked into a single room.
Kiss turns onto her back, and stills as she gazes up at the ceiling; there is a skylight, right above the bed, and she can see the clouds, fat with rain, and blurry because of the drops that crash down onto the glass pane with a rhythmical tap tick tap.
“You’re awake,” says a voice, low and smoky.
The voice of a musical instrument.
Kiss’s breath catches and she sits upright to find a tall figure watching her. He stops at the foot of the bed, hands up in a gesture of peace.
Hands with long, slim fingers, which she recalls holding a bow, caressing the strings of a cello.
“You,” she whispers.
The young man lowers his hands.
“Zane,” she says.
“Kiss.” He nods to her, hesitates for a beat. Then: “I found you last night. In the alley. I saw you… fighting the monster.” He pauses. “You turned it into an angel.”
“I did.” Kiss casts a gaze around her. “So you brought me to your home?”
“I cleaned and bandaged your leg. But I think I should check it again,” he adds, holding her eye, waiting for her approval.
The constant ache flares up instantly, and Kiss winces slightly before she nods to him. She doesn’t say a word—nor does he—as he moves closer and pulls the blanket away from her. Now that her bare legs are revealed, Kiss can see the bandages wrapped around her limb, looking pale in contrast to her dark skin. Zane sets down a first aid kit onto the floor before he lowers down onto the bed, pulling her leg onto his lap.
Kiss grows still as he starts to undo the dressing, his hands warm and steady.
“Before I left the bar last night, I thought I told you to stay behind and play your music,” she says after a silence, trying to distract herself from his touch—yet, she can’t tear her eyes away from his fingers. “But you followed me instead. That was a dangerous thing to do.”
Zane doesn’t reply.
“The monster could have hurt you,” Kiss continues. “I’m glad you were wise enough to keep your distance until after I defeated it.”
“Wise? Was it? Were my actions last night an act of wisdom,” Zane says, and he stops unwrapping her leg to look at her, “or was it cowardice?”
His eyes, a startling emerald—while they had reminded her of burning embers last night—, seem to bind her in place as she gazes back. Kiss furrows her brow, puzzled by his words, and unable to speak because of the intensity in his gaze.
I’m so sorry, the words from last night come back to her. I should have been braver.
Kiss swallows. “What happened wasn’t your fault, now was it?” she says softly.
There is a hint of a grim smile pulling at his lips before he looks away. Kiss suddenly grows aware of his hands resting on her leg, one of them loosely wrapped around her ankle. She notices his strength in his touch, just held in check.
“You said yourself that you’re a mere human,” she begins at last, “but that you are aware of monsters and angels, and Gifted Ones, like me.”
“As I told you before, I know and see many things… which is why I’ve always been alone.” He doesn’t look at her. “There is no one else like me.”
His voice—his words—what he’s saying—it’s all so raw.
Kiss can feel it, this rawness, in her chest, as if her own heart is calling out to his, saying me too; there is also no one else like me; I also have always been alone.
“I have known about you for years,” Zane says after a thick silence as his hands start working again, carefully peeling off the dressing. Kiss grits her teeth as the fabric is slowly torn off her tender, wounded flesh. Zane talks on, distracting her: “I have traveled the world with my music, and so I’ve seen you several times. I have witnessed you turning various monsters into angels.”
Kiss blinks. “I had no idea.”
“I kept my distance.”
They fall silent as Zane inspects her injury. He tells her to clench her jaw as he cleans it. Kiss watches him closely as she twists her fists into the blanket lying next to her, riding out the pain—but she doesn’t watch his hands. No, she’s studying his face, his warm olive skin, the beautiful sharp angles and shadowed, sunken cheeks, the stubble on his strong jaw.
He then starts to bandage her leg again.
“Zane,” Kiss says, and he falters for a moment at hearing his name; she has to stop herself from saying it again, relishing the taste of it in her mouth. After all, she has never had a name to speak out loud before. Monsters don’t listen to names, and the angels are too far away to hear. Kiss takes a breath before she asks: “Why did you stop keeping your distance?”
He keeps his eyes focused on his work. “I had to warn you for the Collector as soon as I heard he had started hunting for you. And I…” He catches himself, and stops. He moves to rise and gently take her leg from his lap, cleanly bandaged. “This is fine for now. I’ll check it again tonight; it’s important to keep the wound clean—”
“And what?” Kiss interrupts him.
He closes his mouth and looks at her sideways from behind wild locks of hair, though not at her face—his gaze lingers on her arms, her hands, anything but her eyes.
“You wanted to warn me—and what else?” Kiss stops, then takes a steadying breath and says it one more time, just to see how it feels now: “Zane?”
Saying his name sends a thrill through her once more.
Finally, his gaze flits up to meet hers.
Kiss holds her breath.
“And I wanted to see you,” he confesses, low and rough. “I wanted to talk to you. For years, I… wanted to.”
“Why didn’t you?” Kiss whispers.
His gaze is a heavy thing pushing down on her, almost like a physical pressure. “Because I didn’t dare,” he whispers back. “Because I thought you would fear me, like everyone else does. Because I am different. Because there is no one else like me.”
He turns his head away from her.
Swallowing hard, Kiss finds herself both relieved and disappointed now that he’s no longer looking at her—relieved because the heaviness almost threatened to crush her and steal every last bit of air from her lungs; disappointed because she quite likes the feel of being trapped in his gaze, in those beautiful, sorrowful eyes that appear to see right through her… as though he can tell she recognizes his loneliness.
It’s a wonderful thing to know you’re not truly alone.
That you’re not the only one experiencing certain emotions.
She almost reaches out to him when he rises from the bed and covers her with the blanket, but she doesn’t—not because she changes her mind, but because her arms are suddenly heavy and her eyes tired.
“You need to rest,” he murmurs, brushing a thick lock of flaming red hair away from her face. “Sleep.”
Her eyes fall closed almost immediately, and before she feels herself slip away, it’s like she can still feel the ghost of his touch on her leg, her skin, and his gaze on her face.

• • •

Kiss’s eyes flutter open.
It is darker than before.
Looking up at the skylight window, she finds the clouds are still weeping, their tears relentlessly hitting the glass. The rush of rain is a constant thing, yet deeper now that the outside world is darkening and quieting down.
And still, the shadow clinging to the evening doesn’t seem natural, somehow.
Her pulse quickens.
Reminded of the growing shadows in the bar last night, Kiss pushes up until she’s sitting, shaking off the remnants of sleep. She looks around the apartment. A couple of lights are on, softening the shadows and turning all the objects and furniture into mysterious shapes.
She can’t find Zane anywhere.
Her hands grow cold and she turns back to the arched windows. Something is out there. She can tell.
She needs to see outside.
Pushing off the blanket, she swings her legs out over the side of the bed. The wooden floor feels slightly warm beneath her bare feet. Kiss takes a deep breath and pushes herself up. The room threatens to sway sideways, but she inhales deeply through her nose, finding her balance as she carefully tests her weight onto her injured leg.
She takes a step away from the bed, then another—
Pain flares, a vicious stab traveling up all the way to her hip, and then—
Gasping, she crumples to the floor, banging her knees on a thick, dark carpet. She bites down on her lip to stifle a cry and blinks the tears from her eyes. Heart pounding, she glances at her bandaged leg. What is this injury? She has never experienced pain like this before; she’s supposed to heal faster than humans.
Kiss catches her breath and looks around, again searching for Zane.
He doesn’t seem to be here.
She turns back to the windows and narrows her eyes at seeing the strange darkness outside.
She has to see. She has to know what is out there.
Clenching her teeth, she starts to crawl, careful not to put too much weight upon her bad leg. The motions hurt, but soon she has dragged herself past the couch and the armchairs, and then she’s reaching for the windowsill, pulling herself up. Out of breath, she lifts her head to look outside.
There are buildings, other apartments like this one, a skyline of human homes and offices, lights burning behind windows and traffic moving in the distance.
But closer, facing her, are non-human, non-building shapes, some even as tall as this apartment: Hulking creatures with gleaming, white eyes, or red and burning ones, all of them watching. Talons scrape over concrete, blood leaks from teeth, bones poke through flesh.
Monsters.
A collection of monsters.
Kiss has never seen so many at once.
Her breath catches and for a spell she can’t move, she can’t look away from the demons staring back at her, unmoving and… And waiting.
For her.

CHAPTER THREE
the lonely ones
Strong hands wrap themselves around her upper arms, pulling her up and away from the window. Her back is crushed against a hard chest.
“What are you doing?!” Zane hisses in her ear, his hot breath brushing her skin. “These are the Collector’s servants. You can’t let them see you.”
Kiss blinks, staring out the window; all she can see now is the gray clouds and the tops of buildings. She can feel her heart thumping. “They already know I’m here,” she breathes.
Zane’s hold on her arms tightens. “That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t stay away from the window.”
“They aren’t the Collector’s servants.” Kiss shakes her head. “They’re merely his possession.”
He doesn’t reply. His fingers reluctantly release their grip, though he doesn’t let go; Kiss suddenly finds herself leaning against him, needing his support to stay standing. “Your leg is bleeding,” Zane observes, his breath still tickling her ear.
Kiss glances down. The dressing is red with blood.
Guiding her away from the window, Zane helps her sink down onto the couch. He crouches before her as he carefully unwraps her leg.
“I’ve never been hurt like this before,” Kiss says, wincing slightly as her wound is uncovered. “Normally, my injuries heal within seconds; the angels are supposed to send me their energy from the sky. It must be because the monster who attacked me last night was the Collector’s possession—since he’s supposedly the only one who can truly hurt me,” she adds softly.
“And yet,” Zane says, not looking up, “you managed to turn it into an angel.”
“A monster is a monster,” Kiss says, “no matter who his master is.”
At that, Zane seems about to speak, but instead he rises to find a cloth to clean her wound. Kneeling back down before her again, he asks: “We’re surrounded by monsters now. Why don’t the angels come down to rescue you? After all, you are their creator. Aren’t you?”
She narrows her eyes as he cleans her injury; it stings painfully. “This is my battle to fight,” she says after a moment, “and so, they stay out of it.”
Slowly, Zane lifts his head to look at her. “Which means it’s just you and me now.”
Kiss considers him. “If you don’t mind me being here.”
His green eyes search her face, darker now than they were this morning. Kiss holds her breath, his gaze like a physical touch to her skin.
He then shakes his head.
A silence settles over them as he dresses her leg anew, merely disturbed by the constant rush of rain—though Kiss thinks she can hear the lowest of growls as well, making her glance out the arched windows again and again, but all the evidence she finds of the monsters’ nearness is the shadow clinging to the world, almost imperceptible yet simultaneously so dark.
As her gaze travels through the apartment, her attention clings to a cello case leaning against the wall next to the front door. “Were you out playing your music again?” she asks.
He doesn’t stop his work. “Yes.”
“Do you like it? Making music?”
Now, he falters, though only for an instant. “I do,” he says, slightly husky. “Very much.”
Another silence falls, and Kiss watches Zane finish bandaging her leg. Yet, his hands linger, one wrapped lightly around her calf, the other resting on her ankle. His fingers are warm, and again she senses his strength, just held in check. His hands look slim, his fingers narrow; when he plays his cello it’s a caress to the strings, and still—there is power inside of him. She can tell.
Kiss doesn’t look away from his bowed head. “Can I ask you something?”
Thick locks of hair fall in front of his eyes, hiding his gaze. “You can,” he murmurs.
“At the table, there are two chairs. This couch is meant for two. There are two armchairs,” Kiss continues, then hesitates. She presses her lips together before she says: “And the bed—it would fit two people.”
He still doesn’t look up, but his thumb briefly strokes the inside of her ankle. “I also have two plates, two glasses, two cups, two forks, two knives, and two spoons.” He lifts his gaze, looking up at her from his crouch. The shadows of his hollow cheeks seem darker, somehow. “What about it, Kiss? You haven’t asked your question yet.”
Kiss. The way he just said her name, it sent something through her—a tremor, like ripples in the water; a fluttering, like butterfly wings.
“You have two of everything,” she says, managing to hold his gaze despite the weight in his eyes, “and yet, you are all alone?”
He studies her. “Yes,” he whispers roughly, “I’ve always been alone—but I’ve always hoped to find someone to share this life with.” He glances around the apartment, and his lips stretch into a grim line. “However, I doubt that will ever happen.”
“Why is that?”
“Because for as long as I can remember, everyone has been frightened of me. Because of the things I hear, see, and dream of.”
Kiss regards him as he looks away from her, tracing the harsh lines of his face and body with her eyes. “I can understand why others are afraid of you. I can tell that you’re… dangerous, somehow,” she muses, and his attention returns to her face instantly. He tenses, suddenly on guard, and so do his hands holding her leg. But Kiss doesn’t flinch: “There is a hidden strength inside of you—hidden, and yet visible. A power.”
His features shift as a shadow crosses over them, and a dark smile pulls at the corners of his mouth. “Then does that mean,” he says, “that you are also afraid of me?”
Holding his eye, Kiss leans toward him, bringing her face closer to his until they’re mere inches apart.
“No,” she whispers. “I am not.”
His eyebrows rise—he’s not fast enough to conceal his surprise, an emotion so pure, so unguarded, it instantly softens his features. The quiet, lonely cellist returns, replacing the grim, scarred man that was challenging her just now.
He tries to recover by shuttering his expression. “Will you stay here then, with me, until your injury has healed?”
“I will.”
Again, he falters. He blinks, just once.
Kiss leans away from him, though she doesn’t quite straighten her back. “But stop trying to scare me, Zane,” she says, lingering on his name for several moments before she adds: “It won’t work.”
He frowns. “Why not?”
“Because I have met many monsters in my life.” She smiles. “And you’re different from all of them.”

• • •

After that, many days go by.
The clouds don’t stop weeping, the rain is a constant thing, as are the monsters surrounding the apartment. Kiss and Zane take walks through his home; him supporting her with an arm wrapped around her waist they go back and forth between the walls, circling around the wooden support beams, losing themselves behind the cabinets filled with books in the left-hand corner.
Behind those cabinets, even more objects are stored—vintage tea tables and tiny armchairs fitting for faeries, plants that grow and bloom and don’t appear to need sunlight, a lampshade made of stained glass that, when turned on, throws colors over the floor, the books, their faces and clothes.
It seems that with every walk they take, they venture deeper and deeper into the apartment, as though it’s a larger place than it seems to be. Kiss runs her hands over colorful scarves and soft rugs, she reads ancient poetry books and whispers them out loud every night before they go to sleep—Kiss in the bed, Zane on the couch, far away and yet so close; so close and yet far away.
Most nights Zane leaves for an hour or so, taking his cello along with him, and when he returns he brings home dresses for Kiss to wear; red ones, black ones, pink ones, purple ones, all of them beautiful and elegant.
Apart from the times when Zane goes outside, they do everything together. Zane makes her tea and they sip from their cups—the only two cups in the apartment, one for him and one for her—while they sink down into the armchairs, watching the rain fall down.
They keep on taking walks, and slowly, Kiss feels her leg strengthen, the wound healing, though still she relies on his support and lets him carry her whenever he thinks she’s tired, feeling weightless in his arms and relishing the moments she can rest her cheek against his shoulder, breathing in his scent; sandalwood and rain.
In the afternoons they eat slices of fruit while they read books on the couch, until one of them dozes off and then finds themselves waking up nestled against the other.
It is a life Kiss has never lived before and had secretly dreamed of.
It is a life Zane has been craving, even more than food or water or breath.
Each night, he makes her dinner, and they sit across from each other at the table—it is one of those quiet nights again, and as they’ve finished eating and just put down their forks, the setting sun suddenly finds the strength to break through the clouds; they both turn their heads to the arched windows, and Kiss’s eyes brighten when she sees the rays of sunshine streaming through the glass and falling on a statue that sits cross-legged in prayer position next to the wall, adorned with colorful beads. Catching the light, they throw shimmering reflections on the floor, the ceiling, and over Kiss and Zane as well. Kiss smiles slightly—it might be one of the loveliest things she has ever seen.
Her gaze then slides over toward the cello, bathed by the red glow of sunset. Ever since that night in the bar she hasn’t heard its voice again.
“For how long have you been playing?” she asks, recalling all of the music sheets she found a couple of days ago underneath a pile of dusty books.
Zane swallows a sip of water as he sets down his glass onto the table, smearing a wet ring on the wood. “Several years,” he says, glancing at the instrument, “but for myself only. Whenever I play, no one else seems to hear me.”
“I heard it,” Kiss points out.
He merely smiles, faintly.
Kiss’s own smile grows as she leans her forearms onto the table, edging closer to him. “I’d love to hear you play now.”
Zane’s eyes glance up at her, flashing a rich emerald in the sunlight still battling the clouds. He seems thrown, for a moment, as he pulls back and considers her. Then, he rises without a word and Kiss watches him walk over to his cello. He sinks down onto a stool and places the instrument between his legs, raising the bow.
The moment the bow touches the strings, Kiss allows a silent sigh to escape her lungs. His head bowed, Zane plays on, letting the music grow as the low octaves seem to flood the entire apartment, until there is nothing more but the song.
It’s beautiful. Tragic. Sorrowful. A reflection of his heart.
And Kiss can feel an ache in her chest, in her own heart, because she recognizes everything he feels and conveys into his playing, as though this has always been her song as well.
While he plays, the clouds swallow the sun once more, and shadows sweep in—natural shadows, not those of monsters, and as the song goes on Kiss finds herself forgetting about the demons lingering outside, placed there like puppets on strings.
Slowly, so slowly, Zane pulls away his bow. For several heartbeats he doesn’t move, the bow lifted in mid-air, his other hand clasped loosely around the instrument’s neck.
“I can hear it,” Kiss breaks the silence, speaking softly. “In your music. I can hear your loneliness.”
As Zane looks up and lowers his bow, his brow is furrowed. Still, he doesn’t say anything and merely studies her.
“It’s a particular kind of loneliness, though,” Kiss goes on, “which most people won’t understand. I think that’s why your music doesn’t reach them.”
He lifts his chin. “But it does reach you?”
“It does.”
“You’re lonely, then?” He looks at her, his eyes narrowed now, as though he’s struggling to see something Kiss isn’t quite sure he’ll ever find.
She hesitates before she nods. She has never admitted it out loud—not like this.
Zane shakes his head. “You have kissed so many. You have brought angels into the world. How can you be lonely? How can you possibly understand my agony? You don’t know what it’s like to have everyone repulsed by you.”
“You’re right. I don’t.” Kiss casts her gaze down and dips her index finger into the ring of water on the table, drawing the shape of a heart onto the wood. “But what I do know is that even when you only do good things, like kissing monsters into angels, it’s still not the same as having somebody to love; somebody just for you.”
Outside, the rainfall intensifies and a breeze stirs the pages of the open book on the couch’s arm—but Kiss doesn’t even glance in its way, for she can’t tear her eyes away from Zane when he rises and steps away from the cello, making his way over to her. He’s nearly prowling, reminding her of a predator, but his smoky voice is gentle when he crouches down next to her, bracing a hand against the table, his fingers nearly grazing her arm. “When you kiss a monster, you turn them into angels. If you’d kiss the Collector, he would turn you into a monster. So…” He wavers, just for an instant, then whispers: “What happens if you would kiss a human?”
The past few days they’ve often been close enough for Kiss to feel his body heat—and yet, it feels warmer now although they’re not even touching. Zane’s gaze flits between Kiss’s gray eyes and red lips, and Kiss in turn is staring at his mouth. Paralyzed by his nearness, she can’t seem to move… even though she’s wondering what it would be like for her lips to meet another set of lips, just as soft and warm as hers, nothing like the clammy or furry skins of monsters. She’s wondering what it would be like to be held by a pair of arms that don’t have hands ending in sharp talons, about to tear her heart out if she’s not careful.
And yet, this… This feels infinitely more dangerous.
Because she knows that if she does this, nothing will ever be the same for her.
Zane leans in, and Kiss’s breath catches. Her lashes flutter as she closes and opens her eyes, indecisive, and almost, she can almost feel his lips brush against hers—
He pulls back.
Without looking at her, he rises from his crouch and takes a step back, ripping his warmth away from her. Kiss blinks up at him. “I’ll get your bath ready,” is all he says before disappearing into the bathroom.
As she watches him leave, Kiss senses her heart beating against her chest—almost as if a monster did just try to tear it out of her and it’s now settling back in place, startled as well as exhilarated.
Kiss releases a trembling sigh.
She can hear Zane twist open the tabs, followed by running water. The door is open, and soon she can see tendrils of steam swirl into the apartment. This has been their ritual every night: Zane makes her dinner, and then runs her a bath; Kiss waits for him to get her and he carries her into the bathroom, where he checks her dressing.
Tonight, however, she doesn’t feel like waiting.
And perhaps she has let herself be carried for too long.
Gritting her teeth, she pushes up and then, carefully, releases the table as she straightens her back and shifts her weight onto her injured leg.
An ache. But nothing more. No crippling pain, not even when she takes a step and then another, as she makes her way over to the bathroom where she finds Zane perched on the bathtub’s edge, watching the water run.
He glances up and finds her standing in the doorway. His eyes cling to her leg.
There is a silence.
“You’re healed, then,” he says quietly.
“Almost,” Kiss replies.
Zane still stares at her leg, not meeting her gaze. “So, you’ll leave soon.”
“Soon. But not yet,” she adds.
He doesn’t answer, merely gestures for her to sit on the bathtub’s edge. As she sits down, he kneels in front of her and removes the bandage. They both study her leg.
The wound has healed; all that’s left is a faint scar.
Zane breathes out a sound that’s half laugh, half sigh, causing his shoulders to shudder.
It actually almost sounds like a sob.
The steam filling the bathroom makes the dark, thick locks of his hair cling to his forehead, hiding his eyes. Kiss feels an ache in her heart again, the same sensation she felt while he played his cello for her—the gnawing teeth of loneliness, the longing that’s like fingers plucking at your heartstrings, the wanting that threatens to consume you and leave you a hollow shell.
Her hand trembles slightly as she reaches out and runs her fingers through his hair, once. Zane grows still. Before Kiss can pull back, his hand shoots up and closes down on her wrist, pressing her palm against his cheek, rough with stubble, as he lifts his face up to her.
He rises, his back bent, and curls his other hand around the bathtub’s edge, right next to her hip as he leans closer.
Again, their lips nearly meet.
Kiss’s pulse quickens.
But—
She gently pulls her wrist free and presses her fingertips against his mouth. His lips are warm and soft. Like hers. Just as she imagined them.
Zane stares at her, unmoving.
“Not yet,” Kiss whispers. “Not just yet.”
It’s just a little bit too soon. Just a little bit too dangerous.
“Yet,” Zane repeats hoarsely, speaking against her fingertips. He briefly closes his eyes and exhales.
He moves away with a sudden swiftness. Kiss lingers on the bathtub’s edge for several minutes after he has closed the door behind him, finding herself breathless.
Cursing herself for her cowardice. Her weakness.
Swallowing with effort, she closes the tabs and then slips out of her dress—a deep purple one Zane brought her only yesterday. Feeling like a phantom in the thick steam, she eases herself into the bath, fragranced with sweet oils reminding her of roses, wild and untouched. Her long, red hair pools around her in the water. Lifting her right hand in front of her, she studies her fingertips. The touch of his lips still lingers on her skin. Like a kiss.
A deep, sorrowful melody leaks into the bathroom through the closed door’s cracks, reverberating in her chest, her stomach, everything. Closing her eyes, Kiss lets the music carry her—away from what’s waiting for her once she leaves this bath, away from the world.
Away from the choice she has to make.
Soon.
The music goes on and on, but stops the moment Kiss climbs out of the bath, dripping water all over the smooth floor. She feels warm, languid almost, as she dries herself and gets dressed again, changing her purple dress for a red one.
Red. The same color she was wearing the night they met.
It only seems fitting.
Leaving the bathroom, she finds all the lights in the apartment are out, the dining table cleared of their plates, glasses and cutlery, and the cello abandoned next to the wall, surrounded by the assembly of objects that seems to grow with each day that passes.
Zane is standing in front of the right-hand arched window, his stance wide, his shoulders broad. If he hadn’t stuffed his hands into his pockets, Kiss would have almost thought he was challenging the demon-puppets outside.
“The monsters will see you like this,” she says.
He doesn’t respond immediately, as though he’s heard or sensed her leaving the bathroom, and keeps his back to her. “I’ve left this apartment several times. They already know I’m here.”
“Of course they do.” Kiss pauses. “But it was you who warned me to stay away from the windows.”
He breathes out a laugh and still doesn’t look back at her. “That’s because it’s you they want. But… I’m starting to think now that our time to hide from the truth is running out.”
Hide from the truth.
Indeed, that is exactly what they’ve been doing these days. They were living the life of a fairytale, they were dreaming while awake, they were writing a story and stalling an inevitable twist they knew had to be written, but didn’t want to.
Her bare feet noiseless on the wood floor and then the thick carpet, Kiss makes her way over to Zane. She stays behind him, out of view from the monsters, and pulls his right hand out of his pocket to entwine her fingers with his. “Stay with me tonight,” she whispers. “Just… stay close.”
Finally, he turns to her, and she can hear his breath catch the moment he sees her dress—and takes in the color’s meaning. His mouth a thin line, he averts his gaze, but he doesn’t resist when she starts pulling him toward the bed, where they lie down side by side, facing each other.
“Will you leave tomorrow?” he whispers. “Was this our last day together?”
“We can’t go on like this. You know that.” She swallows, hard, but manages a smile. “At one point, it has to stop—no matter how wonderful this has been. You know that,” she repeats as he merely wraps his arms around her and pulls her close.
Then, they no longer speak, listening to each other breathe, feeling each other’s rise and fall of their chests. Kiss closes her eyes, trying to take in this moment to its fullest, to memorize the shape of him, his scent, his warmness, before she drifts off to sleep.

• • •

She wakes up at midnight.
The bed is empty beside her, the blanket cold.
Her heart skipping a beat, she pushes up and looks around the apartment, searching the shadows that somehow seem alive, revealing objects one moment and hiding them the next.
A ragged breath.
Following the sound, she notices the shadowy shape sitting on the couch.
“Zane,” she mouths.
He doesn’t realize she’s awake; his back is to her. His shoulders are slumped and shaking, while he roughly rakes a hand through his hair and presses his other hand, curled into a fist, to his lips, struggling to smother his sobs.
Kiss’s chest constricts, and she has to swallow a sudden lump in her throat.
She gets up and walks over to him, sinking behind him on the couch onto her knees. His breath hitches when she wraps her arms around him from behind, pressing her cheek to his hair, her chest to his back. “Why are you crying?” she whispers, even though she already knows the answer.
His fingers curl around her wrists in front of his chest. “Because I’m lonely.” His voice is rough. “The past few days, for the first time in my life, I wasn’t alone. Finally, I could share everything I possess with someone else. Finally, I had found someone who didn’t run away from me. Ever since I was young, everyone kept their distance from me. At first, they would always seem to be attracted—but then, once they saw me, truly saw me, they would turn from me, repulsed.”
Kiss holds him closer.
“You changed all that. But,” he goes on, his rough whisper turning into a fragile one, “everything is going to change now. Isn’t it?”
It is, Kiss thinks, but doesn’t say out loud.
Instead she lifts her head and then one of her hands, so she can take his chin between her fingers and turn his face to the side. Carefully, she presses a kiss to his cheek. He stops breathing as she moves her lips to the corner of his mouth.
And everything changes.
The entire world changes the moment he turns around to her and crushes his lips to hers, running his hands through her hair. Her eyes fall closed as she kisses him back, giving in, finally, to the moment that has been there between them since the second they met.
She has wanted this the instant he sat down across from her in the bar.
Her arms slide around his neck as he kisses her deeper, one of his hands sliding out of her hair and pressing into the small of her back, drawing her closer. Then, the kiss softens, slows down, but neither of them breaks contact, not even to take breath.
Right now, oxygen seems like an unnecessary thing.
It is a touch, a sensation, Kiss has never shared before. After all, kissing the rough skin of a monster is entirely different from this—two sets of lips pressed together, soft and warm, the pressure gentle one moment and stronger the next. She can feel the kiss flow through her, mingling with her sweet blood, making her feel weightless.
Zane cups the back of her head with his hand and his other fingers now clutch at her dress, almost desperately, as though he’s afraid that he will have to let go at some point and the loss of contact will inevitably plummet him into the mouth of an abyss. Still, Kiss can sense him on the verge of breaking away.
Not yet.
Not just yet.
Tightening her arms around him, she pulls him closer. Still sitting on her knees, she rises slightly as she deepens the kiss once more, tasting his lips, everything, squeezing her eyes tight against the burn of tears. She buries her hands in his hair, while he moves his to her hips before circling his arms around her waist. And she can feel it again, that strength inside of him, not so much held in check as he holds her tight, lost in the kiss, lost in her.
Then, gradually, reluctantly, they break away.
They draw in shaking breaths as they both lean back. The tips of their noses brush, and they lean back some more so they can see each other. Zane lifts his hands toward her face, stroking her cheeks with his thumbs, gazing at her with an expression so deep, so real, so anguished, Kiss can feel it.
She gazes back at him, her hands in his hair, her lips still tingling.
And with that tingle, everything changes once more:
Suddenly her hair starts to grow, wilder and longer, cascading over her shoulders in untamed waves, until it even reaches down to the floor—had she been standing, it would have been pooling around her feet. Pulling her hands out of Zane’s hair, she witnesses her red nails growing longer and sharper, curling into dangerous yet elegant talons, and she even senses her canines lengthening, slipping out from underneath her upper lip.
A monster.
She is no longer a Gifted One—she has become a monster.
Her heart throbs.
Zane merely watches her, unmoved, his face a mask of impassiveness. “I asked you,” he begins, his voice flat, “what would happen if you’d kiss a human.” He pauses. “Well, I suppose you’ll never find out now. Because you have kissed me instead:
“The Collector.”
His hands fall away from her face. Kiss doesn’t move, staring at him, still seated before him on the couch, on her knees, slender and beautiful and monstrous.
“By kissing me, you have just lost your gift—you are no longer capable of turning monsters into angels, for you are a monster yourself.”
Outside, the rain rushes on.
Kiss breathes. In and out. In and out.
Zane smiles slightly. “It appears that I have tricked you, Kiss.”
CHAPTER FOUR
wherever monsters go
Kiss holds absolutely still as Zane transforms before her eyes—his shape doesn’t change, nor does his face, although his features alter slightly, revealing the truth he’d kept hidden behind his mask all this time:
His hollow cheeks sink even deeper, darkening the shadows; his cheekbones jut out in sharp relief; and his eyes… The night they met, they had reminded Kiss of burning embers, but the following days they had been emerald green. Now, however, they are burning once more, brilliant and fiery.
Inhuman.
“Can you see me now?” he breathes.
Kiss swallows.
Her heart feels shred in two and both halves are pounding, marching just out of beat.
He rises from the couch and steps away as he gestures to himself. “The day I came into the world, I stole the body of a little boy. Afterwards, for years, monsters and humans saw me for a child. The monsters approached me at first, hungry for my flesh, but all recoiled after I gave them a single glance. The humans came to me at first, smiling kindly and asking me my name, on the verge of giving me their love—but all were repulsed the instant they looked, truly looked, into my eyes and saw me for who, what, I really was. Nothing and no one ever dared coming closer to me, despite the beauty I covered myself in or surrounded myself with.” He spreads his arms, taking in the entire apartment. “All of this—all you see—is part of my collection. I stole everything. Including the cello,” he adds, a bit softer, as his gaze momentarily clings to the instrument in the shadows.
Kiss doesn’t speak and merely gets up from the couch to face him. Her hair pools around her bare ankles and feet, the locks tickling her skin. She curls and uncurls her hands, her talons poking into the flesh of her palms. A strength courses through her, a kind she’s never experienced before.
The power of being a monster.
“Everyone is frightened of you,” she begins at last, pulling Zane’s full attention toward her, “because you steal whatever’s valuable to them. I suppose even your name is stolen. Isn’t it? Zane,” she says softly, tasting it once more.
He stiffens—and then snarls, as he steps closer to her. “I have to,” he hisses. “If I don’t steal, I can’t survive. I have been made for this. The instant I stop stealing the valuables of others, I would die. So tell me,” he goes on heatedly, “why did you kiss me and try to stop me? Did you truly want me gone from this world? Did you…— Do you want to see me dead, Kiss?”
She can nearly feel his breath on her face as he moves even closer to her, towering over her, tall and broad-shouldered. Yet, Kiss doesn’t flinch. She takes a steadying breath before she counters: “No. I didn’t want to kill you—I wanted to save you, and protect the world.”
He grins darkly. “And you could do that by kissing me?”
“Yes. Because I knew it wouldn’t kill you. Perhaps, it would’ve turned you into something else, a creature that doesn’t need to steal things in order to survive.”
“An angel, you mean?” He narrows his eyes and moves back, shaking his head. “Who says I would’ve turned into an angel? I am different from other monsters. Perhaps I would’ve died instead. I clearly haven’t, but you couldn’t possibly have known that.”
“Why do you think my kiss would have killed you?” Kiss asks softly. “Why don’t you believe you could be something else?”
“Because…” Zane falters. “Because,” he begins again, recovering, “I am the Collector and I have always been that—I can’t… imagine another life. A life without stealing.”
Watching him, Kiss has to blink to sharpen her sight as tears gather in her eyes.
He owns so much, she thinks, and yet he has nothing.
He clenches his jaw. “Don’t look at me like that. I am the Collector, and—”
“But you could be more,” Kiss cuts him off.
Before he can move or even respond, she moves closer and gathers the collar of his shirt in her hand, pulling him toward her.
Into a kiss.
His lips part and her canines click against his stolen, human teeth, yet her kiss is still soft. He tries to pull away, but she simply moves along, and soon she can sense his muscles relax as he gives in. Breaking away with a shuddering sigh, he quickly pulls her back, bringing his mouth to hers, tasting her red, red lips, redder even than the brightest ruby.
She releases his collar to let her hands rest against his chest, hard and solid beneath her palms, while his fingertips trail down her arms, until he captures her fingers in his. Their hands entwined between them, they make the kiss linger, and linger some more.
“The night we met,” Kiss whispers in between kisses, “I meant what I said when I told you to keep playing your music.” Another kiss. “Despite who you are, you are capable of bringing beauty into the world.” And another one. “Perhaps you have stolen the instrument you use, but the music you share is entirely yours and it’s a gift you give to others. Whether they hear you or not.”
She gives him one last kiss, sweet and gentle, before she leans back to look up at him.
He’s changing.
The ember glow fades from his eyes, turning back to emerald green, and although his features remain strong and beautiful, the sharpness and darkness appear to slide right off him.
Zane’s breath catches and his eyes widen. “What have you…—?”
“I’m afraid,” Kiss begins, stepping back; her hands slip from his, “that you are not the one who has tricked me—because I have tricked you instead, Collector.”
He stares at her.
“It is true that I would turn into a monster if I’d kiss you,” Kiss explains in a quiet voice, “but that’s just a part of the story, for legend says that if the Collector would ever be kissed by another monster, he wouldn’t turn into an angel, but into a Gifted One. Which means that I needed to become a monster,” she goes on, her gaze lingering on his lips, “because what other monster would ever kiss anything or anyone—what other monster but I?”
Gasping, Zane crashes to his knees, bracing a hand against the floor while clutching at his heart with the other. Kiss watches his monster-self slither out of him, a dark shadow that finally releases its hold, even though Zane desperately tries to hang on to it.
But he is no longer a monster.
No longer the Collector.
He turns into the young man he pretended to be, but somehow, he’s even more beautiful, blessed with the same otherworldly beauty Kiss used to have.
“That night, I was looking for you, and I sensed you were nearby,” Kiss explains, looking down at him. “At first, I didn’t know that the cellist was actually you—to be honest, I thought you were human. But then you came to warn me, and that’s when I started to suspect. And once I woke up here…” She glances back at the bed, the rumpled sheets, and smiles weakly at remembering falling asleep only several hours ago, wrapped in each other’s arms, their legs entwined. “Once I woke up here, I knew for certain that you were the Collector after all.”
Catching his breath, Zane shakes his head. “You knew all along?” he gasps. “I—I didn’t realize you were playing a game. I thought…”
“You thought you were the only one. You thought you were luring me into a trap, tricking me.”
He’s breathing hard. His eyes search her face. “But you had the upper hand all along.”
“I suppose.” Exhaling a quiet sigh, Kiss kneels down in front of him, surrounded by the lush waves of her own hair. She studies Zane closely. “It wasn’t such a hard game to play,” she whispers, “because most of the time, it wasn’t even a game to me.”
His brow furrows, and he grows still.
All of a sudden, he looks so… vulnerable.
Kiss has to keep herself from reaching out to him, this lonely creature before her, who is capable of so much more than stealing and tricking. “Zane,” she says, relishing his name, her voice turning hoarse, “you must know… I truly enjoyed my time with you. And you must also know that I…— I’ve often found myself wishing that it could be true, this game of ours. I regretted that it had to come to an end one day.
“And I think,” she continues, watching him carefully, “that you felt the same, didn’t you? From the very beginning.”
He blinks, once. “How would you know?”
“Why else did you say you were sorry for letting me get hurt, that night you brought me here, to your lair? Why else did you say you should have been braver?” Kiss counters softly.
He swallows. “Because I…” He breaks off eye contact and turns his head the other way, gritting his teeth. “Because,” he repeats roughly, “I believe I should’ve challenged you outright instead of making one of my monsters do the dirty work. Instead of trying to trick you with… With a promise of love.”
Love. The word hangs heavy between them. It pulls at Kiss’s heart.
“What I told you about watching you for years was true,” Zane suddenly says, “and while I knew I had to despise you and everything you stood for—you have taken away many monsters from me by turning them into angels, monsters I had my eye on to steal from—I couldn’t help but… be bewitched by you. Because you are different. You are completely unique. Like me.”
That last bit he adds in a sorrowful, lonely voice, and Kiss can feel something swell in her chest, an emotion that’s a collection in itself—a collection of feelings. Pity. Longing. Recognition.
And an aching tenderness that could only be described as love.
“But now,” Kiss says, making him look up, “you are the same as I used to be. You are no longer the Collector; the Collector is gone, for you are now a Gifted One… and you have stolen my kiss and so you have stolen my gift, which is now entirely yours. My task is now your task: from now on, you are destined to take over my work and turn monsters into angels. With a kiss,” she adds, near-silent.
His lips part but he doesn’t speak. He merely looks at her when she rises from her crouch.
It is time to leave.
Her work is done.
Forcing herself not to look back, not to give in to weakness, to the urge to wrap her arms around him and mold herself against his body as her heart calls out for her to do, she makes her way over to one of the arched windows. Pushing it open, she finds that it has stopped raining. Clouds have broken and drifted apart, and the moon has revealed herself, a nightly beacon of light for all of the stars to gather around; the angels.
   If Kiss would lie down in the bed and gaze up at the skylight, she would surely be able to see them now, through the glass, like a brightly shimmering ceiling above her.
For a moment she imagines lying there with Zane, looking up at the stars together while sharing kisses and touches; kisses and touches on bare skin, kisses and touches deeper than they’ll ever get the chance to share.
She shakes off the vision, the dream, and forces herself to climb onto the window ledge, her motions smooth and nimble. Her gaze wanders over the monsters who are still outside. They are wavering, however, finally free of the Collector’s strings. They are no longer his possession. They aren’t anyone’s.
Inhaling deeply, Kiss tenses to jump—
“Wait.” A hand catches her arm, the fingers strong, though not like they used to be. Zane sounds breathless: “Where are you going?”
She bites down onto her bottom lip before she turns around. His hold on her arm tightens. He looks at her, desperate and lost. Heartbroken.
And at once, she’s certain he is also dreaming of keeping her close. To watch the stars together. To share kisses and touches, and many more wonderful things.
“I’m going wherever monsters go,” she says.
He falters and her arm slips out of his hand.
She should go. She should leave and not linger.
But—she can’t. Not like this.
Her hands tremble as she cups his face, careful not to hurt him with her talons. “Thank you,” she whispers, caressing his skin, “for the time you have given us both. It began as a trick, but it turned into something so much more valuable. Those days, truly, have been a gift.”
She leans closer and kisses his cheek.
Before she can pull back he catches her wrists, and his breath brushes her lips as he’s about to crush his to hers—but Kiss shies away from them just in time. She puts her fingertips to his mouth as she leans back.
Kiss smiles sadly at him. “Not just yet,” she tells him. “You know what happens if you would kiss me now, don’t you? And I don’t think I’m ready to join them yet.”
At that, Zane’s gaze flits past her, up to the shimmering night sky.
Not just yet.
She moves before he can try to stop her again—she lets herself slip down from the window ledge and then she’s plummeting, falling, the wind shrieking in her ears, a hollow sensation filling her stomach as she goes down faster, faster, faster, her hair streaming after her like red flames, her dress billowing as though lost in a wild dance.
Gracefully, she lands into a crouch on the street, the impact of her landing trembling through her entire body. Her hair settles down over her back and shoulders, but trails behind her on the ground as she rises and takes a step forward.
Kiss looks back.
Zane is standing in the window, gazing down at her. He’s too high up for her to see his expression.
“Not just yet,” she repeats.
Then, she walks away, taking the other monsters with her as they follow her into the world’s deepest shadows; there, where monsters go.

EPILOGUE
alone once more
Low octaves fill the evening as Zane, once the Collector, now a Gifted One, plays his cello, caressing the instrument’s strings with his bow.
He finishes his song. When he opens his eyes, he finds a monster watching him—a grotesque thing of a creature, with skeleton limbs and milky-white sightless eyes, that yet track his every single movement.
Zane lifts his chin and beckons the demon with his bow.
Spellbound by the music still echoing between the walls of the buildings around them, the monster comes over with clicking noises. It’s so large, it seems to swallow the alley whole, and a shadow falls over Zane as it comes to a halt, towering over him.
Jaw clenched, Zane gets up from the chair he brought along, until he’s nearly face to face with the monster. He takes its chin between his fingers to guide it down, and, after a heartbeat, presses his lips to the creature’s cheek.
Startled, the monster jerks free and staggers back, lashing out with talons as long as the cello’s bow. Zane’s breath catches and he falls into a crouch, still holding the instrument by its neck while he positions himself in front of it protectively. He chokes out a curse as a nail catches him, shredding his shirt and tearing the skin of his shoulder, and he whirls around, bow lifted, ready for a fight—
But the monster has frozen.
Its skin is paling and within seconds, it explodes into a blaze of white-blue light. Zane shields his eyes with his forearm, but keeps on watching, waiting, until—
Wings unfurl from the monster’s back, no longer a dreadful thing but elegant instead. With a single, powerful motion, the newborn angel lunges itself into the burning sunset-sky, up and up and up, until it’s no more than a shimmering diamond, days, weeks, months, years removed from this world.
All in the blink of an eye.
Zane exhales a sigh. He puts his cello and bow back into their case, and moves to haul it onto his shoulder, but pauses to check his injury. His black shirt is still torn, but his olive skin is flawless, already healed—all that’s left is a little blood, smelling of sandalwood instead of copper.
He glances up at the sky and smirks.
“Well, thanks for healing me at least,” he mutters.
When he looks down again, he pauses when he spots a shape in the shadows, stretched out by the sinking sun—the shape of a girl wearing a dress, who soon turns into a monster as she steps closer. She has canines and talons, her flaming hair is longer than any human’s would ever be, but besides all that… she’s still as delicate and lovely as she was before, her eyes as bright as her skin is dark, her lips red and soft, her face sweet and angelic.
Although Zane’s heart flutters at seeing her, he isn’t surprised. He knows she has been following him for a while.
“I think you’re even better at this than I ever was,” Kiss says.
“Kissing monsters?” Zane utters a humorless laugh, and can’t help his eyes from locking onto her lips, or the following words from slipping out: “There is a kiss I’d rather have, though.”
Her lips part slightly and her eyes soften, while her gaze intensifies with something he’ll recognize anywhere: longing.
Never, truly never will he forget the feel of her lips on his.
Her hands in his hair. On his body.
Her warmth.
Zane’s voice comes out huskily as he steps closer: “Is it true? That you would turn into an angel if I’d kiss you now?”
Again, her gaze flits to his lips. “It’s true,” she admits.
He briefly clenches his fists. “Would you want to be one?”
She hesitates, studying him. “You’re not supposed to ask a monster that.”
But you’re not a monster, he nearly says.
“So…” He watches her carefully. “It’s all up to me, then?”
She gives a slight nod.
Zane opens his mouth to speak, closes it again, and turns his head to the side instead, narrowing his eyes against the day’s last rays of sunshine, reaching through the buildings and lengthening the alley’s shadows.
“Talk to me, Zane,” says her gentle voice, closer than before.
He whirls back to find her standing a mere meter apart. Close enough to reach out to and touch. Close enough to draw into an embrace, to lock in his arms and never let go.
“I,” he forces out, “don’t want you to go.”
Her gray eyes are steady on his face.
“Before, all monsters were afraid of me because I was the Collector; now, however, they’re still afraid of me—now, because of my gift.
“You,” Zane says and his fingertips burn with the need to caress the soft skin of her cheek, “are the only one who doesn’t fear me. And that, finally…” His throat threatens to close over.
“Makes you feel less lonely,” she finishes for him.
He clenches his jaw and holds her gaze.
Then her mouth curves into a smile and a light reaches her eyes, warm and tender, and Zane feels something loosen in his chest.
“It’s fine if you don’t turn me into an angel,” Kiss says. “I’m content to stay near you.”
Because she knows all about loneliness.
Because she, too, undoubtedly, will never forget the days they’ve shared—and surely, she must long for them to come back as much as he yearns for them.
Those days.
Those magical days.
After she left his lair, Zane found himself alone once more, and up until tonight he has believed he was just that—alone once more.
But suddenly her words reach him: I’m content to stay near you.
Near.
Near him.
He smiles back. “Then I won’t kiss you.”
A silence falls between them, and Zane swallows at the mixture of feelings now warring against each other in his chest. He can’t kiss her, not ever again—not without losing her.
And yet he wants to.
He craves the feel of her lips to his.
She does too.
Sadness crosses her features, but she recovers with another smile, swift and faint. “We’ll meet again, then,” she says, stepping back into the shadows, “Zane.”
Hearing his name in her voice sends a tremor through him, and it’s a wonderful, bittersweet feeling.
   “We will,” he says, “Kiss.”
It feels as though her name slips right off his tongue, a sweet hiss, but as he whispers it again he realizes it’s something he can keep.
And this time, it is not something he has stolen.
It was gifted to him.
Her smile is the last thing he sees before she vanishes. Zane hauls the case of his cello onto his back. He leaves the chair where it is as he slips out of the alley, light on his feet, the setting sun behind him and his shadow streaming out before him into the early night.
Once, there was a kiss he wanted.
It turned into a kiss he collected.
And now the kiss is a memory, a thing more precious and valuable than any object or name or a monster’s magical eye he has ever possessed.
A kiss is a fleeting moment. Some will mean more than others.
But a kiss of love—it leaves a mark on one’s heart, which you’ll carry with you, wherever you go. Even if that is the realm of monsters.

Kissing Shadows 
(Kissing Monsters book 2)
“Come home with me.”
At that, Kiss tilts her head back to look at him, startled.
Zane gazes back at her—and there it is again, that rawness from those days they spent together, that honesty, that realness that was never part of the game they were playing back then.
Their emotions, at least, had been true.
But she has changed.

Kiss has left.

Zane thought he would no longer know loneliness—but he was wrong, and now he roams the earth kissing monsters into angels. Being a Gifted One, humans no longer recoil from him but instead are drawn to him like moths to a flame, begging for a touch of his lips; yet with every touch, all that he’s kissing are shadows.

He wants Kiss back. He craves her love.
But she has changed.

As he discovers the truth about her, Zane sets out to find a way to tame the beast in her heart, so he can once again claim her kisses—without turning her into an angel.

Yet as both monsters and angels try to come between them,
Zane and Kiss have to make a choice:
To give up on each other. Or to fight instead.

Out Now!
Find your purchase link here

• • •

Read on for a preview of Chapter One!
CHAPTER ONE
moths to a flame
Zane once asked Kiss what would happen if she, a Gifted One, would kiss a human.
The answer is nothing.
Nothing at all.
He would know.
Slouched down on a couch, his arms spread wide as he leans his broad back against the cushions, he glances up from behind the tousled locks of hair falling over his forehead. The bar’s air is thick with cigarette smoke, thick with the moist, early autumn night clashing with the last days of summer, thick with an almost sensual anticipation as everyone is scanning the faces that are present, hoping to find someone, searching for a soul or at least a body to spend the dark hours until sunrise with.
His gaze crosses one of the searching ones:
A girl, sitting alone at a small, round table at the other side of the bar, a glass of wine raised to her lips that now curve into an inviting smile, beckoning him to come over. Zane doesn’t move. He studies her porcelain skin, her nearly white hair, the dress hugging her curves, her long legs that she has elegantly crossed over each other.
There is a twinge in his chest as this very scene takes him back to several months ago, to a starry summer night that also began in a bar. A different bar, though, where he was an invisible cello player—invisible to all but one girl, sipping from her red wine with her red lips, while her red hair cascaded down her shoulders, her skin midnight-dark and her eyes a piercing, bright gray.
A girl who radiated love, a thing he hadn’t recognized back then.
Kiss. Her name was Kiss.
Even now, however, Zane isn’t entirely sure he knows what “love” is. He thought he did after the precious time they’d spent together, but these days, he’s beginning to think he has only had a mere taste of it. It has left him hungry, but no one and nothing appears to be able to satisfy his appetite.
He doubts this girl could either, for she isn’t even remotely like Kiss. In fact, she is her complete physical opposite; light where Kiss is dark, dark where Kiss is light, her smile not filled with true, untarnished love, but with wanting instead, raw and seductive.
She’s not looking for love, this girl. Nor is she planning on giving it.
Yet she’s beautiful, in her own way.
And a welcome distraction.
Still, Zane doesn’t get up. He merely lifts his chin a bit, a silent invitation for her to come closer instead. She considers him, then lowers her glass. For an instant, people move past, stealing her from Zane’s sight, but as soon as he catches her again, he finds her weaving through the crowd, making her way over to him.
Knowing she will be sitting next to him within a minute, he takes his eyes off of her and rolls his head back, gazing up at the shadowy ceiling. He breathes in the perfume of cigarettes and alcohol and moist earth, then releases a long, heavy sigh.
Ever since he ceased being the Collector, ever since he became a Gifted One, women—and sometimes even men—have been trying terribly hard to come close to him. These days, only the monsters fear him, while humans are drawn to him like moths to a flame.
Once upon a time he’d been wishing for this—during those dark, hollow moments when he finally acknowledged his loneliness to himself. He used to long for attention, for bodies that didn’t recoil from him in fear, for conversations and touches, even if they meant nothing.
But Kiss… she has changed everything.
Everything.
She has made him crave for all things meaningful.
The couch’s cushion to his right sinks slightly as a body’s weight settles down on it. Zane waits for a beat before he turns his head, looking at the girl from the corner of his eye.
She’s already studying him up close, her gaze following the line of his throat, his square jaw, the hollows of his cheeks, until she finally meets his gaze. She smiles again, her eyes shimmering. They’re a dark shade and look remarkably large in contrast to her pale complexion.
Yes, beautiful. In her own way.
“Hello,” Zane says in a low voice—then tries to hide his wince, for that simple word, hello, was the very first he ever spoke to Kiss.
He shakes it off.
The girl angles her body toward him, leaning an arm on the back of the couch herself, her fingertips close to touching his shoulder. “Hello,” she echoes, sweet and sultry. “You’ve been sitting here for a while now.”
He slightly raises an eyebrow. “You’ve been watching me, then?”
She doesn’t even blush. “Yes. Because I couldn’t help but wonder…” Her hand crawls closer, until her fingertips work their way up to his shoulder, “what is a man like you doing here all alone?”
A man like you. As she says the words, her gaze briefly wanders over him from head to toe, taking in his lean physique, his toned arms, his long legs. But apart from his obvious strength, Zane knows there is also something else that attracts her—it’s his otherworldliness, that makes him stand out from other men.
Ah, humans. They just can’t help themselves.
He allows a lazy smile to curl his lips upward. “I could say the same thing about you.” With a practiced move, he shifts his body so that their faces are suddenly close, his mouth nearly grazing her ear: “The other men must be blind.”
Her breath catches.
Zane’s smile widens before he pulls back a bit, consciously letting his gaze travel from her eyes down to her lips, painted a soft cherry-blossom pink.
Yes, back then, he asked Kiss what would happen if a Gifted One would kiss a human.
And the answer is nothing, absolutely nothing, and he would know, because he has been playing this game for a while now—and became the master of it, toying with the rules, knowing exactly which moves to make to win.
Because Kiss is gone.
She has disappeared, she has been avoiding him for months now. After the night when he decided not to kiss her into an angel; when she told him she didn’t mind living on and being close to him as a monster, he saw her every single day. She was always there, in the corner of his eye, waiting for another conversation, another careful touch.
But after a while, she started disappearing from time to time. And now, these days, he can’t even catch a glimpse of her.
That’s when he found himself becoming interested in other girls, warm bodies he could at least hold, siren voices to whisper his name into his ear. He began asking them to come closer, allowing them to kiss him—and as their mouths found his, he tried to convince himself that it was her as he parted their lips with his tongue, trying to reconstruct that night when they finally shared a kiss.
And then, a second one.
But it doesn’t work. No girl could ever be like her. Another girl’s kisses, they’re… They’re shallow, meaningless things. Not filled with love, like hers.
All he’s been doing these days is kissing shadows.
Still, he now leans in toward the girl, slowly closing the distance between them. Her eyelashes flutter and her hand slides down to his bicep. Their lips nearly touch, but Zane pulls back a bit—he can’t help it, he always hesitates at the very last moment, as though a part of him tries to remind himself that this isn’t it, that this kiss will be another disappointment. He covers it with a sly grin, angling his head a bit in challenge. The girl frowns but then smiles, as if enjoying the tension.
He suddenly wonders whether she’s using him for a distraction just like he is using her. He doubts they’re doing it for the same reasons, however.
Since his reason has to do with devils and demons.
Earlier this night, Zane turned another monster into an angel—yet as soon as he was done and put his cello back into its case, he already felt the pull of two other monsters.
Dangerous ones. He can tell.
There are various kinds of monsters. There are small ones who like to scare children; mindless ones who simply run about destroying objects and buildings, shattering glasses and smashing windows; wicked ones who cut and bite into the skin of sleeping humans, who then wake the following morning finding their beds covered in blood and themselves in wounds they can’t explain.
And then there are the true dangerous monsters, the monsters who are actually visible to a human’s eye, the monsters who view life as a game and play that game with a strategy in mind.
The kind of monster Zane himself used to be.
There aren’t many of them, yet tonight, he’s been sensing the pull of not just one, but two. And with that pull, with that sense, knowledge now fills his head: it is the gift—or the curse—of a Gifted One. Every monster that manages to get on Zane’s radar holds no secret for him:
Merely by thinking about them, he knows what they do and what they have done.
Merely by thinking about them, he knows exactly where to find them.
Merely by thinking about them… he knows their names.
One of the two is called Lock, a monster who possesses a magic ring made from his very own bones that, once slid onto a finger, can turn everyone and everything into a puppet; to be precise, into Lock’s possession. This very ring rids even other mighty monsters of their power and will, rendering them helpless under Lock’s rein.
The second one is known as Lady Scarlet—a monster constantly out for blood, a monster that has left behind a trail of corpses, both human and monster, in a noticeably short amount of time. In his mind’s eye, Zane has caught visions of jars filled with blood. Like a collection.
Being a Gifted One, it’s expected of Zane to respond to the pull as soon as he feels it.
But he doesn’t want to. Not anymore.
It’s only been a few months since he became a Gifted One, and already, he’s sick of this life. It’s just as lonely as it was before, when he called himself the Collector… yet this life is even more heart wrenching, for he has had a taste of the opposite of loneliness—and he hasn’t tasted it ever since.
He believed he could keep a part of that feeling, a tiny shred of it, a snippet at least, which is why he still hasn’t turned Kiss into an angel. Yet now that she’s been avoiding him…
Everything seems pointless.
And, curse it all, he hates it.
Zane clenches his jaw, and his hand shoots out as he somewhat roughly cups the back of the ignorant girl’s head. He sees her eyes widen in surprise before he pulls her close, ready to crush his lips to hers, ready to drown out the thoughts of her, of his life, of the things expected from him, the gift he has never asked for—
A jolt.
A flutter in his stomach.
A monster is near.
He stiffens and then jerks his head up, causing the girl’s lips to graze his chin instead of his mouth. She lets out an annoyed noise and her fingers curl around the collar of his shirt as if to yank him closer, but he doesn’t give in.
In fact, he doesn’t do anything but stare.
Stare, at the shadowy entrance of the bar.
There—a glimpse of startling gray eyes in a face darker than night itself, framed by fiery red curls, and… those lips.
Red and full and soft, so soft—like the petals of a rose.
“Kiss,” he breathes.
“Yes,” the girl says, shaking him from his daze. “Why won’t you give me one?” she adds in a purr, trying to hide her irritation.
Zane barely hears her.
His heart is pounding. He glances back at the entrance.
She’s gone.
But she can’t be far, he says to himself, and then he has already risen from the couch. He heaves his cello case onto his shoulder and strides out of the bar, not once looking back at the girl who’s probably staring after him in bewilderment, hurt and insulted.
He doesn’t care.
All he cares about right now is another girl, not human but monster, and he doesn’t even hesitate for a single spell as he rushes out of the bar, into the pouring rain.

• • •

She shouldn’t have come.
Kiss knew, she knew it the moment she decided to seek him out, but she simply had been craving for something, no, someone who would remind her of who she used to be.
Hoping to find solace. And comfort.
But Zane has obviously moved on, he’s no longer clinging to those days they spent together in his lair all those months ago—and she shouldn’t be surprised, because she has intentionally been avoiding him just so he would let her go and forget about her. No, she shouldn’t be surprised, because even though Zane is now a Gifted One, her successor, he used to be the Collector—it’s in his nature to want things, to claim and collect them. And kisses, she supposes, are a kind of collectables.
Yet that would also mean that is all she’s ever been to him:
Another prize to add to his collection.
She hurries her stride, running through the dark streets, the cobblestones slick with rain. But she doesn’t slip, she doesn’t fall, because even as a monster she’s still as nimble as ever, agile and graceful, her bare feet nearly soundless as they hit the ground—
A second set of quiet footsteps nears her. Fingers close around her elbow, strong and warm, their grip firm.
“Kiss.”
A deep, smoky voice, reminding her of a cello’s low octaves.
Forced to a sudden halt, she stumbles—yes, stumbles—another step forward, causing her hair to cascade wildly over her shoulders. Now that she’s no longer running, it reaches all the way to the ground, pooling around her feet, growing wetter and heavier as the rain crashes down on her.
His hand is still curled around her elbow, his fingertips softly digging into her skin.
“Kiss,” he repeats. He sounds breathless.
She squeezes her eyes shut and angles her face the other way, keeping herself from turning around. There are so many things she wants to say to him. Yet, these are the words that come out of her mouth instead: “You should be careful around humans; kissing them isn’t the best of ideas. You’re a Gifted One, whose kiss has the power to turn monsters into angels. Humans can get completely intoxicated by you. It could very easily tear their minds apart, and…” She hesitates, swallows, because she knows the next part actually also applies to herself: “And make them go mad with wanting you.”
The rain is a dull rush in her ears.
She senses Zane shifting his stance, and grows rigid when his other hand suddenly comes up to her face. He gently takes her chin between his thumb and index finger, turning her toward him. She thinks about fighting him, but then—
Then, she is already gazing up at him.
There is a twinge in her chest.
She had nearly forgotten… all those details. The way his tousled, dark hair—now wet with rain—falls across his eyes, which are an emerald shade that is startlingly bright during the day, but dark as he gazes at her in the night; like now. His narrow face, the sunken cheeks that sharpen his cheekbones. His warm, olive skin that looks even warmer in candlelight or sunshine. The stubble grazing his jaw. The broadness of his shoulders, and his lean arms, corded with muscle. His fingers, long and strong, making magic out of music as he plays his cello—and turning the simplest touch into magic as well, full of promises and longing.
Even though he is no longer the Collector, he still radiates power. A sense of danger, even, although that doesn’t scare Kiss. It never has.
She bites her lower lip, and her long canines dig into her tender flesh. “Zane,” she then says, so quietly she can barely hear herself over the rain. But saying his name brings a sense of relief, while it simultaneously makes her pulse race.
“There is only one reason why I’ve been kissing human girls,” he says after another heavy silence, his eyes a weight on her face, a chain connecting her gaze to his.
Kiss holds her breath.
Zane angles his head slightly. “It makes you jealous,” he observes, but there is no hint of a smile, no hint of triumph. It’s merely a statement, a fact, a bit of truth.
Jealousy. Is that what pulled her heart into a twist when she arrived at the bar tonight and found Zane inching closer to that girl, to make their lips meet as theirs did that night so many months ago? Is that what made her feel angry and sad and helpless all at once?
Is that it? Is that jealousy?
Kiss wouldn’t know. She’s never experienced many emotions. All she knows is being a Gifted One, being Kiss, and now, something else.
“There is only one kiss I truly want,” Zane says, pulling her back to the present; back to them standing in the rain, all alone in a shadowy, faintly lit street.
She doesn’t answer, unable to speak around the sudden lump in her throat.
“Why have you been avoiding me?” he demands softly.
His eyes are still trained on hers. She can’t look away—so she tries to hide the truth from her gaze instead, because she doesn’t want him to read her, she doesn’t want him to find out.
How much she has changed.
The last two months…
Something has awoken in her heart, in her soul, something she can’t help but feel doesn’t belong in her.
In this world, even.
A thing like her…— Well, before, she would’ve kissed such a creature in a heartbeat, let it unfurl its angel wings and then rush up into the sky, so it could no longer cause any harm.
Zane could help her. She knows.
But she doesn’t want him to find out. She doesn’t want him to know how much she has changed.
She tries to pull her arm out of his grip. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have come tonight—”
His hand tightens. “Why not?” he grinds out, leaning closer until his face is right in front of her; she stills. “Back then, you told me,” he goes on, his voice growing even rougher, “that you were content to stay near me. What has changed?”
Nothing, she wants to say, as well as: Everything.
“First, you took away my loneliness,” he nearly growls, moving even closer, dangerously close, “but then, you still left after promising you wouldn’t ever abandon me—and with that, you have made the loneliness worse.”
At hearing his words, Kiss’s eyes burn with tears—of guilt, but also of the familiar solitude; because, like him, she knows all about being alone and not having anyone.
It’s the very reason why they found something special in each other in the first place; why they found love in each other’s hearts and touches and kisses… even though it all began with tricks and shadowy games.
“Kiss—”
“I’m sorry,” she whispers. “I’m so sorry.”
“Then why?” He shakes his head. “Then why did you do it? Why did you leave?”
Because I have changed.
She finally breaks the spell and casts her gaze down, struggling to blink away the tears. But there are too many, simply too many, and soon they pour down her cheeks like the rain does, washing them away and hiding them from sight.
Her shuddering breaths, however, betray her.
“Kiss…” Releasing her arm and chin, Zane brings up his hands to cup her cheeks. He moves closer, and closer still, until she feels like he has carved out a tiny space for just the both of them, where the rest of the world can’t touch them—even the rain seems fainter, somehow, both in strength and sound.
“I don’t understand,” Zane whispers into the pocket of their own world trapped between them, between their bodies, between their hearts.
She doesn’t look up, not even when his thumbs caress her cheekbones.
“Come home with me.”
At that, Kiss tilts her head back to look at him, startled.
Zane gazes back at her—and there it is again, that rawness from those days they spent together, that honesty, that realness that was never part of the game they were playing back then.
Their emotions, at least, had been true.
They still are now.
“Come home with me,” he repeats.
She knows she should shake her head no, she knows she should step back, she knows she should turn around and leave—for she isn’t the girl she used to be before, not anymore. Yet the truth is, she still longs to be her again, and the thought of home—Zane’s home—reminds her of those days they spent in his monster lair, with his collection of statues and chests and lovely figurines, with the library that appeared to be infinite as they made their way deeper inward, the fairy lights strung from the ceiling beams, the skylight right above the bed from which you could gaze up at the clouds or stars, the single dining table and the two chairs and two cups and two forks and two knives and two spoons, just enough for the two of them.
Because, despite being a monster, all Zane had been dreaming of was having another heart to share his collection with.
His life. His dreams.
His love.
And those days, she had been that other heart—those wonderful days, on which he cared for her injured leg and carried her through his home, on which he ran her baths, on which he played the cello for her, on which he made her dinner and cups of tea, on which he let her sleep in his bed while he curled up on the couch.
On which she recited poetry to him right before they fell asleep, on which she discovered all the wondrous secrets of his collection, on which she couldn’t help but inch closer to him day by day, snuggling up while they read books on the couch, inhaling his sandalwood scent and relishing his strength, his warmth.
“Come home with me,” Zane repeats, for the third time now, cradling her face in his hands as he lowers his forehead to hers, silently begging her.
And her heart, her very own heart, begs her for the very same thing.
She shouldn’t do it.
And yet—
“Yes,” she breathes. “Yes.”

Out Now!
Find your purchase link here

The Insomnia Files: File #1 Jodi Collins
“Don’t make a sound,” I whisper.

Peering through the shelves, I can’t take my eyes off the giant on the other side. It’s a creature with an oval-shaped head, a slender body, elongated arms, hands with pointy fingers, and long legs with which it takes big, silent steps.

Like a two-legged spider, hunting for its prey.

For first-time Insomnia Saga readers

A Nightprowler marked her and covered her in scars that will forever stigmatize her as an outcast:

A Sleepwalker.

A year after the attack, thirteen-year old Jodi Collins starts working for the Summoners to keep herself and her parents alive in this new, brutal life of discrimination and hate.

The Summoners are a worldwide army that have been fighting the Nightprowlers for centuries—and by working for them, Jodi will be forced to fight these creatures responsible for ruining her future.

On a dark, wintery night, Jodi is sent on a mission to find a young missing boy. The clock is ticking—if she’s too late, he will end up the same as her.

A toy store. A maze of dolls and monsters.
A world where light and darkness collide.

Jodi has to prove herself and overcome her greatest fear:
confronting the demons of the Night. And fight them.

[This short story takes place 4 years prior to the 1st book in the series, Insomnia.]

• • •

Read on for a sneak peek of the prequel to the Insomnia Saga, a story written for first-time readers!
CHAPTER 1
DON’T MAKE A SOUND
“Don’t make a sound,” I whisper.
Or the monster will hear us.
The little boy whimpers, and I tighten my hold on him—maybe to comfort him, maybe to comfort myself. Or perhaps because it’s more of an involuntary movement; my muscles grow rigid, and the scars on my arms are screaming, screeching, filling me with tingling pain as the silhouette stalks by.
So close.
Much too close.
Peering through the shelves, I can’t take my eyes off the giant on the other side. It’s a creature with an oval-shaped head, a slender body, elongated arms, hands with pointy fingers, and long legs with which it takes big, silent steps.
Like a two-legged spider, hunting for its prey.
And this toy store—such an innocent place during the daytime—is its web, and we are the flies, watching the spider crawl closer, holding our breath, desperate not to make the tiniest sound.
The spider is actually a Nightprowler.
A creature that rules over the night. Humanity’s greatest enemy.
I keep my hand clamped over the boy’s mouth, ignoring his struggles as he starts pulling on my arm. Clenching my teeth, I keep my eye on the monster, just on the other side of the shelves of the floor-to-ceiling cabinets the store is filled with.
The Nightprowler hasn’t seen us yet—still, I feel like countless of eyes are watching me.
My gaze flickers over the toys occupying the shelves. Dolls. Dozens of them. Possibly even a hundred. Mostly girl dolls, and not the modern plastic ones with bright-colored hair and hot-pink dresses. No, these resemble antique dolls, with porcelain skin and frilly, expensive looking clothes. Their eyes are life-like, and it’s like I can feel the weight of their gazes press down on me. The corners of their mouths seem to lift up even higher. Mocking smiles, filled with a sinister kind of joy.
Despite being a girl, I’ve never liked dolls. And that’s definitely not about to change right now—
A motion makes me jerk my head to the side.
My heart skips a beat as the Nightprowler moves past the shelves, so close I can imagine its fingertips caressing the dolls as it passes by, its fingers running through their hair and over their smooth faces.
The Nightprowler stalks on, then disappears from sight.
But my shoulders don’t sag in relief; I don’t heave a sigh—no, my muscles tighten even more, because this is worse.
If I can’t see it, I won’t be able to tell where the hell it is.
Damn it. Damn it.
The boy yanks my hand away from his face, sucking in air.
Loudly.
“Breathe through your nose,” I hiss, turning my head to the left, half expecting to see the Nightprowler appear in our aisle any moment now.
Nothing. I don’t see anything.
My scars, however, are still burning beneath the sleeves of my jacket. Warning me. Telling me the Nightprowler is still close.
“H-How can there be a Nightprowler in here?”
I startle at the boy’s too-loud voice, casting him a bewildered look. Despite the inky darkness filling the store, I can easily make him out—his crumpled face, his wobbling chin, the tears glistening in his eyes.
He sobs.
It’s deafening.
“They only appear outside! Not in buildings! How can it be in h-here?!” he cries, fighting to get out of my arms.
I keep him trapped against me. “Be quiet,” I whisper, glancing around nervously. “We can’t let it hear us—”
“No!” He kicks me in the shin, and I stifle a grunt. “I want to go home—I want Mommy—”
“Well, you should’ve thought of that before you ran away!” I snap. “You should always listen to your mother. Always.”
I don’t know if my words get through to him.
Because right after they’ve barely left my mouth, the boy stops struggling—and suddenly clutches at my arms, while he was trying to pull them away mere seconds ago. He lets out a strangled sob.
I look up, slowly, following the boy’s gaze.
My breath catches.
Arms and legs grow out of the shelves. The creature’s feet are silent as they step closer, not even making the slightest noise as they touch the floor. I crane my neck to look up at its featureless face. No eyes. No nose. No mouth. Nothing but a black hole.
It has found us.

Read the full story!
Find your free download link

INSOMNIA (Insomnia Saga #1)
I caught my reflection in the mirror and looked at the girl staring back at me. Long, brown hair, falling over thin shoulders; tanned skin; green eyes; arms wrapped in bandages, hiding scars.
And at once, I was able to see what everybody else saw.
I had become the monster of fairytales. A creature that was feared, and had to be locked away forever.

Jodi Collins is a Sleepwalker.
An outcast. A pariah.

Five years ago, she was attacked by a creature darker than shadows, a demon without a face, a monster hungry for her body: a Nightprowler.
A nightmare that comes to life as soon as the sun sets, drenching the world in darkness.

When a Nightprowler attacks you, two things can happen: it will either claim your body to use as a host, or it will mark you as a Sleepwalker.

Sleepwalkers are feared and despised, believed to conspire with the Nightprowlers and threaten mankind.

Stigmatized by the telltale scars of the Night, Jodi and her parents were forced to move to the slums of Reid, where the alleys are filled with vagrants during the day, and Nightprowlers during the night. No school or employer would have her.
And her parents blamed her for destroying their life.

Now seventeen years old, Jodi is working for the Summoners—the worldwide army that has been battling the Nightprowlers for centuries—who hire her to defeat a Nightprowler that lures countless of victims into its castle while disguising itself as a human; a Nightprowler too dangerous for an average human to fight. It seems like it can only be defeated by another creature of the dark: a Sleepwalker.

Unable to refuse this mission and the money it will earn her, Jodi sets out to find the Nightprowler—but not on her own.
Help comes in the form of the arrogant Kay Somnus, a young Summoner disgusted by Sleepwalkers. And yet, they have to find a way to combine their forces and exorcize this Nightprowler.
Jodi’s future depends on this mission—but what does Kay expect to gain from it?

A castle of darkness and storms, filled with whispers and skulls.
Secrets will be revealed. Lives will be changed.
Neither Jodi nor Kay will ever be the same.

• • •

Read on for the first chapters of INSOMNIA!
PROLOGUE
Past; 5 years ago

My father sent the Summoners away today.
They had come for me at last.
I noticed their arrival the moment I’d heard my dad raise his voice: “You need my permission to test her, and I will not grant it to you.”
I’d been sitting at my desk in my bedroom, summery sunlight streaming in through the window, and paused mid-movement as I was about to glue another photo to the pages of my scrapbook. Although I’d held my breath and tried to listen, I couldn’t quite catch the visitor’s response. I gazed out at our farm’s grain fields for a moment, then slid off my chair and quietly made my way over to the door, opening it just a crack.
There my dad had been, standing in the doorway, silhouetted against the blue sky. A man and a woman had been standing outside, looking at him with a grave and—the woman, anyway—a fairly annoyed expression. They hadn’t looked special in any way; they’d worn average clothes, simple jackets and shirts and pants and shoes, nothing indicating a uniform.
The one thing that had stood out to me, however, was the way they held themselves: their shoulders pulled back, their backs straight, their chins lifted. They looked proud. Self-assured. Strong, physically as well as mentally—the latter I could see in their eyes, even from where I was standing, peeking from my bedroom door.
No, they hadn’t been wearing uniforms, but I recognized them anyway:
Summoners.
The Summoners are a world-wide organization, or maybe an army is a better word for it, who have been founded centuries ago by a young man called Alain Somnus, not long after the first Nightprowlers appeared and started hunting humans. The Summoners are the soldiers who fight these demons and protect us, and we have to be grateful that they do, or the world would have been a much more dangerous place.
Or so I’d been taught at school.
“I can assure you it will be pointless—there is no one in our family who is able to summon Light,” my dad had said, his voice stern. “So you might as well save yourself the time and trouble, and just leave.”
“May I remind you, Mr. Collins,” the woman had countered, sharpness lacing her words like knives, “that it is illegal to refuse this test? For the child as well as the parents.”
A jolt had gone through me. They were here for me. The thought had crossed my mind a few times, ever since I’d turned twelve earlier this year: the age when every child is tested to see if they have an aptitude for Light. This normally happens at school, but growing up in the countryside, I never went to one and had been schooled online ever since I could remember.
So instead, they had apparently come here to visit me personally.
I would turn thirteen in six months; the age when kids start attending the Summoner academies.
My heart had given a leap, a mixture of nerves and anticipation swirling through my stomach—I’d almost stepped out of my room, but stopped when my dad had widened his stance, folding his arms defensively: “Are you threatening me?” he’d growled.
The woman had jerked her chin up, but my father went on before she could counter: “May I remind you that this farm—my farm—is one of the reasons why you have food to eat every single day?”
“Beau?” My mother had suddenly appeared out of the kitchen, but stalled when she’d seen the visitors. “What is going on?”
“They want to test Jodi,” my father had grunted—and my mother actually stiffened.
“Your daughter will turn thirteen in six months,” the man had said, sounding friendlier than his female colleague. “I understand you are afraid for her safety, as every parent is when their children have to attend a Summoner academy, but please realize that it is important for the entire world that we keep recruiting new Summoners, and—”
“And, like I said before, it’s illegal to refuse the test,” the woman spoke over him, glaring at my father. “Every single person—and yes, every single child has the duty to undergo this test, and, if they prove to have an aptitude for Light, to protect mankind—”
“My daughter will never be one of you—”
“Sir, this is illegal—”
“I’ll burn these damn fields if I have to, I’ll go bankrupt if I have to, but you will not get my daughter.”
“Oh? I thought you claimed none of your family members has proven to have an aptitude for Light? So, Mr. Collins, what exactly are you so afraid of if you’re so certain that your daughter won’t pass the test anyway—”
“Leave,” my father had snarled—and I wasn’t the only one who had flinched.
My mother, too, and also the Summoners. The woman even took a step back.
The man had recovered first. “This is against the rules,” he’d begun calmly… and suddenly, his gaze had wandered past my parents, and found me. I’d stared at him, feeling as though I’d been caught, and I waited for him to call me over. But then his eyes had returned to meet my father’s. “But we’ll let it slip. Thank you for your hard work, sir. Have a good day.”
He turned around, but not after he’d glanced at me once more. I couldn’t watch them leave, however, because my dad had already slammed the door closed, as though afraid the Summoners would change their minds again at any second.
Seething, my dad had stomped off into the kitchen, and my mother had hurried after him.
I’d stood there for a few minutes, rooted in place, my mind spinning. I’d thought about closing the door and going back to my scrapbooks, but in the end my feet brought me to the kitchen instead. My parents had been talking in hushed voices, but fell silent the instant I came in.
Acting as casually as I could, I’d strode over to the table to get an apple from the fruit bowl. “Is something wrong?” I’d asked, feigning ignorance.
“The Summoners were here,” my mom had begun, and then I’d noticed her exchanging glances with my dad. “They had come to check up on the protective light barrier around our farm,” she decided instead.
My dad had given me a tight smile. “Nothing for you to worry about, Jodi.”

+ + +

Sighing, I gazed up at the sky.
I still wasn’t sure how I felt about what I’d witnessed this afternoon. It wasn’t like it was my wish to become a Summoner—for years, I’d been dreaming to travel around the world one day, to visit every city out there, every ancient ruin, all forests and deserts, to meet people, make friends… That was what my scrapbooks were filled with: my dreams. Photos of cities and places I found online and in magazines.
No, I had never imagined myself as a Summoner—but now I would never know if I was even able to summon the Light that was apparently buried inside of me, as it is inside of everyone. I didn’t think I would, though; my mom and dad both never passed the test, and neither had my other relatives, just like my dad told the Summoners today.
The dry rustle of the grain stalks and sudden barking drew me from my thoughts, and I turned to see a yellow Labrador rushing toward me from the fields. He came to a halt in front of me, his black eyes gleaming as he proudly presented me the tree branch I’d just made him fetch.
“Well done, Casey, good boy,” I cooed, scratching him behind his ears while I took the branch from his mouth. I straightened and lifted my arm to throw it again.
“Jodi, sweetie! Come inside now,” my mother called out. “It’s getting dark.”
She was standing on our house’s white painted porch. She waved me over and although she acted casual, I could still catch the underlying urgency in her posture.
I glanced up at the sky again. It had turned a soft blue, the clouds were mere purple streaks, and the horizon was an explosion of yellows, oranges, and reds. The first stars were slowly flickering into view, finally revealing themselves now that the sun was about to call it a day.
Dusk. The time when everyone hurried into their homes, before they crawled out from wherever they came from, to stalk the city streets and countryside fields, looking for humans to hunt.
Nightprowlers.
Creatures made of darkness that had long ago come into our world—centuries ago, about the same time the first Summoners rose up—to sometimes kill humans, but mostly to mark them. I’d been taught that many Nightprowlers leave marks on a human so they can claim their body as a host in which they can move around during the day.
Because that is the single weakness of a Nightprowler: daylight.
Or a human’s—a Summoner’s—Light.
They go into hiding during the daytime, and only come out at night—which is when the Summoners’ work begins: for centuries, they’ve been trying to defeat all Nightprowlers and make our world a safer place.
I cast a quick look around me. The sun was setting, but the light barriers around our fields hadn’t even flared up yet. I still had some time.
“Just a few more minutes!” I called back to my mom.
“No, Jodi—”
“Just one! Just one more minute, Mom, please?” I begged, while I crouched down and wrapped my arms around Casey, pressing my cheek to his head and smiling sweetly. Casey panted, then started to nuzzle my neck, tickling me. I drew back with a yelp.
I looked back to my mother and saw she had put a hand on her hip, as though she was about to be stern and tell me to come inside right now.
But then she shook her head—and I grinned when I caught her smiling.
“Just one,” she said. “I’ll leave the door open for you.”
Triumphantly, I pumped my fist in the air, and pressed a kiss to Casey’s snout. “Okay, Casey, one more time,” I said, then brought my arm back and threw the branch away. “Fetch!”
As it sailed through the sky, Casey dashed after it, barking excitedly, and I watched the branch land somewhere in the grain fields. Casey disappeared into the stalks, and they rustled wildly, a dry-sounding noise I was used to hearing in summer.
I glanced back at the house and saw my mother was already closing the curtains, another precautionary measure: as long as a Nightprowler couldn’t see you, it wouldn’t try to come inside. Or so they said. I wouldn’t know, really—living in the quiet countryside, I didn’t have much experience with Nightprowlers. I’d heard that people living in the cities had seen their fair share of them, as the creatures tended to visit the busy streets more often where they had a greater chance to actually find people.
The countryside was different. Stretched-out fields, few houses—and naturally, a sparse population. On top of that, to protect the farmers and our produce, the Summoners shielded us by casting special spells on our land. They were called “Light barriers”. As soon as they flared up at sunset, they had the power to keep out the Nightprowlers. It was actually safer to live here than in the city.
I’d seen a Nightprowler only once, when I was little and woke up at night. I had been curious, and despite my parents telling me I wasn’t allowed to open the curtains at night—well, I guess it was because of that warning—I did it anyway. And then I’d seen one: a tall, dark figure standing in the fields, a giant with spindly limbs, staring at our house but unable to come closer because of the barriers. I’d closed the curtain in a heartbeat and never did it again.
The wind picked up and I breathed in deeply, inhaling the rich scent of sun-drenched earth, of the grain fields, of summer. The breeze was a warm caress against my skin, and I smiled as I saw the blades of the windmill turning. At this rate there should be enough of a breeze tomorrow to play with my kites.
I started to grin at the mere idea; I had three of them, but my favorite kite was shaped like a swallow, with an elegant, billowing tail. I liked to imagine myself jumping onto its back, to fly off into the sky, wind rushing past me, and visit all the places in the world I dreamed to see one day…—
Casey barked and I looked up, expecting to see him come back to me, but I frowned when I realized it came from farther away. I stared at the grain stalks in the distance, wildly swaying back and forth. What was he doing all the way over there? I couldn’t possibly have thrown the branch that far.
He barked again.
Then whimpered.
I stilled. “Casey…?”
He whimpered again, louder.
Heart skipping a beat, I jerked into motion. “Casey?! Casey!” I yelled, rushing into the fields. I tried to run as fast as I could, wading through the thick stalks as they hit my arms and legs, vaguely realizing Dad would be furious if he saw me right now. Still, I pushed on and I ran, ran, ran, Casey’s whimpers echoing in my mind—but I slowed my pace as soon as I was suddenly able to move freely.
I paused, furrowing my brow. The stalks were flattened to the ground, and with a start, it dawned on me I was standing in a circle.
Another crop circle.
There’d also been one just a few days ago. My father had found it early in the morning, and my mother had to physically stop him from jumping into the car and driving off to the neighboring farm a few miles out. He had no proof, my mother had reminded him, and yet he was convinced it was a practical joke from the twins living there. Every once in a while, they liked to mess around on our farm, until my father chased them away. One time he even threatened them with his gun.
My eyes fell on a small figure, lying in the middle of this new circle.
“Casey!” I gasped. I ran over to him, fell to my knees, but stopped myself from touching him when I saw the redness coating his fur.
Blood.
“Casey, what happened to you?” I whispered, staring at the bleeding gash in his side. He was panting and whimpering, trying to get up as he saw me, but I carefully pushed him back down. “Don’t move. Hold on, Casey,” I managed, nearly sobbing, and I inhaled to scream for my parents—
The world went silent and the words died on my tongue.
The wind stopped whispering, the grain stalks stopped rustling, birds stopped singing. It was as if a blanket of quietness fell down on me and everything around me, and from my peripheral vision I saw a glimpse of reddish light; the last rays of the sun reaching out, right before they disappeared beneath the horizon.
This was the moment for the Light barriers to flare up. But they didn’t.
Instead, a shadow fell over me.
There was a presence behind me.
I froze and held my breath. I could feel someone standing there.
Slowly, I started to turn around.
My gaze fell on two jet-black legs. They were long, endlessly long as I dragged my gaze up, up, up, to find a dark torso, with a pair of long arms. The limbs were strangely elongated, spindly, and for an instant all I could do was stare at the hands and their thin, pointy fingers. Then, I craned my neck to see its face.
A black hole was waiting for me.
An oval-shaped head, with no eyes, no ears, no nose, no mouth.
My heart slammed once, twice, thrice.
A Nightprowler.
My eyes widened—
It moved. Its motions were fluid, as though it was moving through water, or even dancing; as though it was made of air and there was no gravity to drag it down.
It moved—for me.
Before I could even think to act, its hands already closed around my upper arms, then started to slide down to my wrists.
Pain. Pain exploded in my arms, a burning sensation scorching my skin, a pain I’d never felt before. Pain. I screamed and wrenched myself free, flinching away as black spots clouded my vision. I fell back with a thud, hitting the back of my head.
Casey growled, but then the Nightprowler was already there, crouching over me. I stopped moving, staring up at it, wide-eyed. And I could hear it breathing—it didn’t have a mouth, but I could hear it panting. It sounded wet and smothered, as if it was breathing from behind a cloth, and its breaths quickened as it leaned over me, bringing its featureless face closer to mine.
A soft, squeaking noise escaped my throat.
And I screamed when it grabbed my arms once more. Burning me. Scorching me.
I kept on screaming even after it let go of me, tears flowing down my cheeks, and I shuddered with every sob that wrenched its way out of me. A pounding noise filled my ears, and from a distance I thought I could still hear Casey barking, and from an even greater distance I thought I heard my parents call out my name.
Wheezing, I dared to look away from the Nightprowler hunched over me to glance at my arms. They made a jerky motion when I lifted them.
They were a fiery red, covered in blood and blisters.
The pain filled my entire body, paralyzing me, and blackness threatened to swallow my vision—or maybe it was the Nightprowler, leaning closer to me, closer, closer—
Suddenly, it jerked upright.
And then I heard it: My father, roaring. His footsteps, thundering toward us. Gunshots, exploding into the night, shredding the silence.
I held my breath as I saw the bullets go straight through the Nightprowler, as if it was made of nothing but air. I looked for holes, blood, anything, but nothing. Nothing. All it did was stagger a bit on its feet.
Then it looked down on me again, and I looked up, panting.
Gracefully, it sank into a crouch, stretched out its arm and then its index finger… and ran its pointy fingertip down my right arm, from my shoulder all the way to my wrist.
I cried out.
Another wave of pain crashed down on me, drowning me, and I felt consciousness slip from my grasp like a piece of paper ripped from my fingers. Before my world turned dark I saw the Nightprowler slither away, disappearing between the grain stalks after it glanced back at me once more, casting me a lingering stare with eyes I couldn’t see.
The last thing I did see, was my kite.
A swallow, dancing in the wind.
CHAPTER 01
Present

That night, I was sure I was going to die.
But then I woke up hours later in a hospital, still alive—only to find out that everything I ever cared for, everything I ever wished for, was dead anyway.
I had become a Sleepwalker.
A human, marked for life by a Nightprowler. Though many would refer to me as a “creature”, instead of a person, or a monster, even: a monster of the night, a being that never sleeps. A Nightprowler-slave. A thing, possessed by evil.
Everyone thinks the Sleepwalkers conspire with the Nightprowlers to wipe out humanity; they think we can speak in their Tongue of Night, and that we’re whispering about vile and rotten things while everyone is asleep at night.
They think we are no longer human.
It’s all bullshit. But who will believe me?
I glance down at the scars covering my arms. Puckered skin, red blisters, deep gashes that have stopped bleeding years ago but will never entirely heal. It’s a horrific sight, but I’ve gotten used to it—and as it’s a hot, humid summer night, I decided to put on a tank top. Actually, I’m supposed to hide my scars, since it’s too… what’s the word? Disturbing for others to see.
But I say to hell with that.
I used to hide myself away, as was expected of me, but nowadays I’m done with that. This is my silent protest against the established order.
I wish I could rebel even more openly, to stand up for the rights the world doesn’t think I deserve, but I have to tread carefully. I can’t risk getting into more trouble.
Because trouble, well, that’s something my parents and I have plenty of.
Shaking myself from my thoughts, I tie my hair back in a ponytail as I look at the girl sitting next to me. Red, curly hair reaching to her shoulders. Skin so white it seems to glow in the night. Skinny, bordering on scrawny. Her hands are buried in the front pocket of her hoodie, and she’s wearing crumpled shorts and colorful sneakers.
Her name is Nina and she’s a student at the Somnus Academy—the most famous Summoner academy out there, as it’s the very first that has ever been opened centuries ago, founded by the very first Summoner known to the world: Alain Somnus.
Tonight is Nina’s mock exam.
We’ve seated ourselves behind the window of a local bookstore, half hidden behind stacks of books. Word is a Nightprowler has been sighted in this street, and right now we’re waiting for it to show up. When it does, Nina will have to go outside and prove she can defeat it—singlehandedly.
She’s seventeen years old, just like me, and she’ll have to pass this exam and a few more after this, so she can take her final as soon as she’s eighteen. The reason I’m here as well is to watch over the exam and help her in case things will go wrong—the same reason why Owen Radcliff has come with us.
I glance back at the guy sitting on a chair behind us, leaning his back against a bookcase. He’s in his early twenties, has short-cropped hair, broad shoulders, and muscular arms. As usual he’s wearing a loose-fitting shirt, and his pant legs are stuffed into his army boots.
He gets up and nods to me, wordlessly telling me he’s going to make his rounds again to make sure the Nightprowler hasn’t appeared somewhere else. I grin and lift my hand in a mock salute. Shaking his head, he shoots me a smile before he disappears.
Generally speaking, I’m not too fond of the Summoners—really, they’re a bunch of arrogant clowns—but Owen is different. Just like Nina, he’s shown me nothing but kindness ever since I came to work at the Somnus Academy. For a few years I believed I would never find any friends again, but these guys have proven me wrong.
They’re the only ones who don’t look at me as if I’m a monster.
The Somnus Academy isn’t the first Summoner school I have worked for. Ever since I had become a Sleepwalker at the age of twelve, I was kicked out of online school and my parents lost the farm. We were forced to move to the slums of Reid, the city closest to our farm, but my parents have been unable to hold down or even get a decent job ever since.
All because of me.
Because their daughter is a Sleepwalker.
I was too young to try and find a job myself—and on top of that, no employer wants a Sleepwalker working for them… except the shady ones, maybe; and really, you don’t want to work for those—but I eventually heard of Sleepwalkers being hired by Summoner academies. When I was thirteen, I decided to try my luck and apply for a job at one of the schools.
To make a long story short, the first to accept me was the Miller Academy and I have been working for many other academies ever since. I’ve been at the Somnus Academy for a whole year now, the longest run I’ve ever had before getting fired again. I support the Summoners by helping them fight Nightprowlers in exchange for money—I’m paid for every mission I accomplish—and a roof over my head.
Meanwhile, I’m being spit on by teachers and students alike, but trust me, I’m one of the lucky ones. This is the best life a Sleepwalker can wish for.
Most Sleepwalkers are forced to quit their education, or they get fired. Most get kicked out by their relatives so they can’t blemish the family’s reputation any further. And that’s how the majority ends up on the streets, where they die alone. Because of starvation. Illness. Or simply because life is just too damn hard to hold on to.
Not every person is able to summon their Light, and the same goes for Sleepwalkers—but the Sleepwalkers who can are valuable, though no Summoner would ever admit that out loud. We’re stronger because of what we are; we’re able to summon a wider range of Light, as though the mark of darkness on our bodies is desperate to prove that we’re still human on the inside.
Summoning your Light requires certain spells that must be recited out loud. I’ve been taught a couple of them, but I know there are far more powerful spells, which the Summoners refuse to teach me. Probably because they’re already threatened by me—they don’t want me to get any stronger.
It’s unfair, but there’s nothing I can do about it, and I try to watch my mouth whenever I can, because I desperately need this job. I need the money they give me—some, I keep for myself, but most of it I send to my parents’ bank account. Like I said, it’s hard for them to hold down a job, and by supporting them I can make sure they actually have something to eat every day.
I know they hate it. Especially my father. He doesn’t want to rely on his seventeen-year old daughter.
Especially since I am the sole reason we’re in this situation.
They’ve never said it out loud, but I know my parents blame me for everything. And they’re right to.
Our relationship has been strained for years, and with every passing year, it became harder for me to face them. That’s why I decided to leave them alone about a year ago. I haven’t seen them since.
Soft footfalls pull me back to the here and now, and I glance over my shoulder to see Owen’s silhouette move in the darkness of the store.
And that’s when I hear it: the snoring.
I blink when I notice Nina is slouched on her chair, her head lolling to the side, her mouth slightly open, her breaths deep and even. And noisy.
I kick out at the leg of her chair. “Wake up!” I hiss.
“Huh? What’s happening?!” She jerks upright, then leans over to the window. “Where’s that bloody Nightprowler—”
“Relax, it isn’t here,” I cut her off, keeping my voice low; Owen has nearly reached us. I throw her a pointed look. “How can you be sleeping during your exam?!”
“I was…? Ah, bloody hell.” She slumps back against the back of her chair and rubs her face. “I hate this. This sucks. I just want to sleep. We’ve been sitting here for, what, four hours? My ass is getting sore. Seriously,” she adds, eyebrows raised, as she catches my smirk.
“I thought you liked the idea of a stakeout,” I say.
“That was before I found out there weren’t going to be any donuts.”
I snort.
Nina leans over to the window again, peering out. “What’s that damn Nightprowler waiting for? It was supposed to be here, right?”
“That’s right,” Owen says, suddenly standing right behind us, and I smother a grin when I see Nina stiffen in surprise. “But perhaps it has decided to move on. Nightprowlers can go anywhere during the night, and they can simply choose to abandon a location they’ve been staying at for days, weeks, or even years.”
“Sure. Or maybe it has found a human or an animal host and it left this location hours ago, even before the sun went down. And that means,” Nina goes on, annoyed, “I’m just sitting here wasting my freaking time, while I could’ve been in bed. Sleeping.”
Owen clears his throat. “I’ll just pretend I didn’t hear that.”
“Yeah, you do that.”
Owen’s tone sharpens: “You’re a student Summoner, Nina. If I were you I would watch your attitude.”
She rolls her eyes, but bites back a retort and folds her arms, continuing to glare at the dark street. I know becoming a Summoner has never been her dream. No kid willingly chooses to attend a Summoner Academy. It’s all about the tests. If you pass, you’re legally bound to attend.
But in Nina’s case, things have gone a bit differently: she lost her parents at a young age, and ended up on the streets living as a vagrant. She had a tough life and had to steal in order to survive, and when she was thirteen, she tried to rob a guy.
And not just any guy; he turned out to be Aiden Somnus, the Somnus Academy’s current principal.
He threatened to hand her over to the police, unless she agreed to attend his school. Apparently, he saw something in her, a certain fire and strength, and believed she’d make a good Summoner. This was even before she was tested. Nina didn’t want to accept at first, but soon had to admit it was a chance of a lifetime. A chance for a life where she would never go hungry ever again; a life that wouldn’t force her to sleep under bridges, to steal, to cheat, to be afraid.
So she accepted his offer.
Nina says she hates Aiden Somnus’s guts because he forced her into this life, but I know a part of her is also grateful to him, although she doesn’t like to admit that.
I kind of understand—after all, Aiden Somnus is a hard guy to like. He’s pretentious and manipulative, and he’s known for achieving and getting anything he wants.
Just like his younger brother, Kay, is known for being a loner and for being arrogant, simply because he’s a descendant from the “great” Alain Somnus, as if that’s some kind of personal achievement—
A motion on the street catches my eye, and I still.
A shadow, curling around the post of a streetlamp, before unraveling and slinking away. I watch it slither through the street that’s lined with stores all bearing features of the famous Gothic architecture Somnus is known for. The shadow pauses, keeping out of the streetlight’s yellowish glow, then starts to grow. A tall figure rises up, growing legs, arms, a head.
My heart gives a hard thump.
“Nina,” I say, tense. “Look.”
She’s silent for a moment, then curses under her breath. “There you are,” she hisses, rising from her chair. Owen watches her, but she stops moving, staring hard at the creature.
I get up as well. “Are you ready?”
She doesn’t look away. “This isn’t the first Nightprowler I’ve seen,” she whispers back.
I nod. Who knows what she’s seen and been through when she was living on the streets? She never told me much, but I can guess.
She takes a deep breath. “Okay—” But then she freezes.
And so do I.
The Nightprowler has stopped moving as well. And even though its face has no features, even though I can’t see its eyes, I’m certain I can feel its gaze boring into us.
Seeing us.
“Oh, crap,” Nina says.
It lunges.
Within just a few, fluid strides it has made its way over—we recoil when it’s suddenly standing right in front of us. My eyes widen as it slams its hands against the window. And again. And again.
The glass cracks.
“TAKE COVER!” Owen barks.
I dive to the floor, and as I land on my stomach and hide my head beneath my arms, I hear the deafening sound of breaking glass, exploding into the store. Squeezing my eyes shut, the noise still echoing in my head, I wait for the moment I feel the shards cut into my skin.
But nothing happens.
I lift my head tentatively—and, my heart pounding, I stare at the shards of glass lying on the floor mere inches from me, gleaming in the darkness.
I nearly gasp as a pair of hands suddenly drags me up, but relax as soon as I realize it’s Owen. He pulls me behind a bookcase, where Nina is already crouched down at the corner. I come to stand behind her, and peer around the bookcase.
Just in time to see the Nightprowler lift its leg… and climb inside.

Out Now!
Find your purchase link here
About Lynn Robin
Lynn Robin (1992) is an author of Upper Young Adult novels in the Romantic Dark Fantasy genre.

Born and raised in the historical city of Leiden in the Netherlands, she has felt the urge to write stories ever since she was little— preferably ones with ghosts and other spooky things (probably because her parents let her watch Stephen King film adaptions when she was nine).

Next to that, she likes to add a healthy dose of romance to her books; star-crossed lovers and forbidden romances, preferably about monsters hiding in the bodies of young men, and girls blessed with angelic powers—or at least humans touched by magical abilities.

She made her debut in 2017 with her Dutch series entitled the Schimmenwereld Serie (the Phantom World series), containing six books about ghosts, angels, demons, music, dance, art, and—of course—love. She won the Best Book of 2018 award with the fourth installment, Schimmendroom (Phantom Dream), chosen by the jury of The Dutch Indie Awards.

In 2019 she debuted internationally in English with the Insomnia Saga. In 2020, she also began publishing the highly romantic Kissing Monsters series.

Besides being passionate about writing, she’s also a rather dedicated running/fitness/yoga/martial arts enthusiast, and likes to spend time with her family, play videogames, or freak herself out watching documentaries about haunted houses (for research, she claims).

Visit her at:
www.lynnrobin.com
Connect with Lynn Robin
Would you like to stay on top of future book releases, and are you interested in regular updates and looks behind the scenes? Then please subscribe to Lynn’s blog!

lynnrobin.com/lynns-blog

You can also follow her on:

Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Goodreads
Books by Lynn Robin
— INSOMNIA SAGA —
The Insomnia Files: #1 Jodi Collins (Insomnia Saga 0.5)
INSOMNIA (Insomnia Saga 1)
The Insomnia Files (Insomnia Saga 1.5)
NOCTURNE (Insomnia Saga 2)
The Nocturne Files (Insomnia Saga 2.5 / coming soon)
ORIGINS (Insomnia Saga 3 / coming soon)

— KISSING MONSTERS SERIES —
Kissing Monsters (Kissing Monsters 1)
Kissing Shadows (Kissing Monsters 2)
Kissing Scarlet (Kissing Monsters 3)
Kissing Ghosts (Kissing Monsters 4 / coming soon)


