CHAPTER 1
March 2014
YOSHIRO’S POV
“Yoshiro-sama, good for you to be back.” Ryutaro, the Nakashima family’s butler (but I would rather call him a lap dog), was the one who greeted me when I arrived inside the main house. “There’s nothing good happening in this house, Ryutaro, every time that I’m back.” I answered him sarcastically. I continued walking towards the staircase and asked the lap dog, “Where’s that all mighty grandfather of mine?”
“He is in the library, Yoshiro-sama.” Ryutaro answered as he follows me after I passed by him.  “I think it wouldn’t be wise going in there to see him right now, Yoshiro-sama.” He commented.
I stopped walking and stare at him with furious and tired expression. “I got dragged here, courtesy from my grandfather’s thugs. Now you’re saying to that he’s not in the mood to see his bastard grandson? Who he ordered to be kidnapped by the way. Now can you tell me which of us is more reasonable?” I tried to provoke him to see if Ryutaro will snap. He just stared at me with his usual poker face. “Look, I just want this to be over, riding in a helicopter while your hands and feet tied from behind was never my description of luxury trip. Now, whether he likes it or not, I’m going to talk to him.”
I continued walking to the direction of the library while the lap dog is following me from behind. We arrived at the library and saw Kenichi, my grandfather and the head of Nakashima family, spacing out while he sat on one of the couch in the library. It appears that he didn’t notice me because he flinched when he heard me calling his name.
“What do you want from me?” I snapped at him before he could even say something. He slowly turns to face me with grief written all over his face. Then he stands up and walks in my direction. “Why the long face old man?” I try to make a joke out of his unusual behavior.
Usually, he would snap back at me when I show him my rebellious side which irritates him with no end. He stops in front of me and puts his right hand on my left shoulder with a blank expression on his face. “She’s awake.” He said with a tone that is my first time I heard from; a tone with a hint of genuine worry from the news that he just said.
It took me a couple of seconds to comprehend what he meant from those two simple words. Instantly, my calmness was drained and rage took me over. I pushed the old man so strong that he stumbled on the carpet floor of the library. He hit his back on the table right across us which made him stop from rolling on the ground.
My breathing now is heavy and my expression likely shows that as if I want to kill that man lying across me on the floor. I walk towards him thinking that I’m going to give him a good beating but I was stopped by the lap dog, that I forgot who was behind me the whole time. Ryutaro pinned me, my body facing on the floor, preventing me to do anything I would regret in the future.
I screamed from frustration and from the agonizing pain that I am now feeling deep inside me. “Don’t you ever deliver me that news as if you cared!” I shouted at my grandfather. He slowly got up and then kneeled in front of me while he’s clinching his wrist.
I was shocked seeing my grandfather kneeling for the first time in my entire life. I felt a flint of pity for him but unfortunately my overflowing anger was no match for a mere flint.
“I’m so sorry Yoshiro.” He said as a tear drop on to the carpet.
“It’s too late grandfather… it’s too late…” I buried my face to the floor and trying all my best suppressing my tears.
“I know I already put you all through this and gave you a lot of pain but please, Yoshiro, stay away from her. It would be better and safer for all of us.” A pathetic plead came out from him.
“It was not supposed to be this way. It was supposed to be a secret. We’re supposed to be happy. Why can’t you see that, grandfather?” I shouted.
Letting my emotions completely conquering me, I cried as if heaven fell on me and hit me hard. Ryutaro loosen his grip on my wrists sensing that I won’t be able to do anything that can threaten anyone in the room.
While still crying, I push myself up from the floor and stand up. I glare at Kenichi while he’s still kneeling after I wiped away all my tears. “From this day on, I will no longer bear your name and you will make your people change it. I will seize to exist as your grandson. And lastly, you will strip away all my inheritance from this family.” I turn away from him and head towards the door, pushing Ryutaro aside on the process.
“Promise me that you’ll do everything thing I said and I will also promise you this, Kenichi. I will stay away from her.” Declaring this to him before I went outside the library was the last thing that I said to the head of the Nakashima family. 
~~~
April 2014
MAMI’S POV
“FINALLY!!!” I screamed by the time I stepped outside the hospital. It’s been almost three weeks that I’m stuck in that dreadful and boring place, ever since I woke up. The doctors said that I can’t leave the hospital yet because they need still to do more examinations to reassure my safety.
You would be probably thinking what my case would be, so I’ll just tell you straight. I have a case memory loss that may result from two-sided (bilateral) damage to parts of the brain vital for memory storage, processing, or recall (the limbic system, including the hippocampus in the medial temporal lobe), or in other words, the infamous, amnesia.
I lost my memories from the last five years of my life. This really made me become very frustrated because of the fact of losing all those memories of awesome and exciting adventures with me and my friends. It always makes me grunt every time it reminds me.
My melancholic train of thought was stopped because of a shout of my name coming from inside the hospital. “Mami, I told you don’t run around in the hospital.” Haruna huffed as she followed me exiting the hospital. “Hehehe… Sorry, I won’t do it again.”
“Etto… can I ask something really quick? Why am I the only one bringing all Mamitasu’s things again?” Tomomi, who is helplessly dragging my bag with my clothes in it, complained.
“You lost from rock-paper-scissors, and don’t put ‘all’ on it Tomo-chan, it’s only one bag.” Rina followed her behind in case that Tomomi won’t be able to carry it anymore.
“Mamitasu~~~” Tomomi put up her puppy dog eyes act.
“Fine, I’ll help you, Timo.” I said as I reach to my bag.
“The patient shouldn’t be strained from heavy lifting.” Haruna stopped me and glared at Tomomi. 
“Arrgggghhhh!!!! Fine! Can you guys, at least, get the car so I can put this bag in there?” Tomomi grunted in frustration. Rina then stands by her right side and pats her on the back. “You’re overreacting Tomo-chan. Your bass is heavier than Mami-chan’s bag.” She retorted slyly. Haruna is already in the car, driving it, without us even noticing. We immediately climb up to the car.
As we’re on our way to our, supposed to be, condominium that the four of us shared. I noticed a guy sitting on a bench across the street of the hospital. I just had a feeling that I knew the guy but I just brushed the thought away for now because I just want to get away from here. 
Maybe I did lost a big part of my memory but I think I can get by when these three women is with me. And oh by the way, I forgot to share to you something. I’m Sasazaki Mami the lead guitarist of the band SCANDAL. They said that we’re already famous all throughout Japan and even overseas. Our popularity grew from the last five years of our career, which I can’t remember.
Though these things make me frustrated but there is this one thing that I really want to remember. I want to remember the owner of the voice that has been singing in my head every time I go to sleep at night.

CHAPTER 2: 
June 8, 2013; Saturday
MAMI’S POV
I let out a sigh as I left Rina sleeping in her bed. Just when I was so hyped to practice the new song that Tomomi wrote, Rina caught some cold. I walk toward the living room and found Haruna sitting on the couch while watching a TV show. “So, how is Rina-chan? Is she already asleep?” I snap my vision to Tomomi coming out from kitchen carrying a tray of tea for the three of us.
“She did manage somehow. Rina-chan is stubborn as always and insisting that she can still play.” I answered Tomomi while making my way to the couch and sat beside Haruna. “Well, you did a good job for taking care of her oka-san.” Haruna teased me. I just chuckled as I watch Tomomi putting our teas on the table. Haruna turned off the TV.
We let the silent fill us as we enjoyed our tea together. Actually the only thing that I’m enjoying right now is the tea and no other thing. I can sense boredom in coming for the entire day. I was too focused for the band practice that I’m not even in the gaming mood. I sighed after I took a sip of my tea. “You’re bored, huh?” Tomomi broke the silence and I look at her to know who she is asking. Haruna chuckled and answered her for me, “Well you can’t blame her, Tomo. Rina and Mami were overly excited for the new song.”
“Too bad she’s down with a cold. I told her to rest yesterday.” I replied to Haruna’s comment. I shake my head from Rina’s stubbornness.
“Guess you can go and have fun outside today. We’ll take care of Rina for now.” Haruna suggested.
“Maybe I’ll just do that. I don’t even feel like playing games for now. Would you like to come with me, Timo?” I answered.
“Nah… I’m too lazy to go out today. I’ll just accompany Haru-chan here.” Tomomi answered lazily.

~~~

I walk around the streets of Ochanomizu (popular shopping district in Tokyo that sells musical instruments and equipment). I was thinking to go to Akihabara today but I thought it’s been a while since I had a stroll around here. Good thing I did an effort in pulling my disguise today. I think no one had notice me yet.
It’s almost summer, so Tokyo is currently getting hotter every passing day. I decided to wear a sleeveless denim jacket with a loose white sleeveless shirt under it and denim shorts. To complete my ‘perfect disguise’, I made my hair into a bun and wore a pair of glasses.
I checked the music stores that I knew about already when I noticed something. “Was there supposed to be a shop at the corner?” I walked to the unfamiliar shop and entered it. Inside the shop was surprisingly spacious despite its appearance from outside.
“Irasshaimase!” A staff greeted as he noticed me entering the establishment. I gave him a slight bow and made my way inside. “Woah! This shop has some rare guitars. They have many foreign models that can’t be found easily in Japan.”  I shouted in my head. I continued scanning the store when I noticed a Gretsch White Falcon, but a customized model, at corner of the shop. (Well yeah, I somehow know how to identify a customized White Falcon. It amazes me also.)
I walk over to the guitar and crouch in front of it. I inspect it while suppressing myself not to touch the guitar. It really looks cool in its black paint with the word ‘freedom’ in kanji written on it. “What a cheezy thing to put in a guitar.” I commented to the guitar as if I’m talking to it.
“Interested on that guitar ojou-chan?” A man approaches as he beams a smile at me. I stand up in panic almost stumbling on the process. The man supported me with his left hand preventing me to fall. “Are you alright?” He worriedly asked. I can slowly feel the heat climbing on my cheeks. “I’m o-okay. Thank you though.” I answered shyly.
I push myself away from him resulting to an awkward silent. “That was freaking embarrassing!” I screamed inside my head. No way, I’ll be the one to break the silence. “So…” He trailed as he scratched the back of his head. I shot him a glance still avoiding looking at his eyes directly. “W-what?” I stuttered. 
“Are you interested in this guitar, Scandal-nee-chan?” The man replied. My eyes widened from what he called me. “Scandal-nee-chan? Does he recognize me through my ‘perfect disguise’?” I questioned myself in panic. “The other staff and customers seemed like haven’t recognized you yet.” I shot him a confusing look. “Is he mind reader or something?” I asked myself.
He’s still smiling at me like a total idiot but he really looks cute at this angle. “How did you know? I mean, am I too obvious for you to recognize me immediately?” I whispered but loud enough so he could still hear what I am saying. He seems to be taken aback from my question. He had this stunned yet amused look on his face, and then chuckled when he finally got a hold with himself. “Don’t worry. I won’t reveal your identity. I’m not that kind of guy.” He answered simply.
“So going back to the main topic, do you want to try playing it?” He pointed at the White Falcon.
“Can I? I wonder if this sounds different from mine. It looks customized aside from the decals.” I muttered.
“You can tell that this is customized without even playing it?” He asked enthusiastically.
“Well yeah. My guitar was also customized and they almost looked like the same but there’s something I just can’t point what is different. It doesn’t have a pickguard also.” I stared intently at the parts of the White Falcon.
“You must be talking about the tail piece. You won’t notice it at first from this angle.” He picks the guitar and positions it as if he’s about to play. “WOW! He looks hot while holding the guitar that way!” I can almost see myself fidgeting inside my head. The guy shows me the tail piece and puts it back down. Maybe he’s one of the staff of the store. “Well, can I try playing it?” I asked him.
Without answering me, the staff pulled a chair and a small amp. Then he plugged the guitar to the amp. “This White Falcon might be heavier than yours. I think it would be better if you’ll sit down so you could play it easier.” He offered the chair which he pulled from somewhere the shop. I took his suggestion and sat down the chair.
The staff then gave me the guitar and I positioned it to my convenience. I strummed it to test it first. The sound that it created was a bit different from the Gretsch White Falcon standard tuning. I played a couple of cords from One Piece. The different sound from this guitar is now very noticeable. “Why does it sound like this? It sounds great and calm but odd at the same time.” I asked the staff in confusion.
“It was modified to imitate the sound and performance of D’Angelico EXL-1 Classic.” He answered simply. “But it seems like you’re not ready for it.” My jaw dropped when I heard what he just said. Is he underestimating me or something? “W-what do you mean that I’m not r-ready for it?” I asked with an irritated tone.
“As what I’ve said earlier, this guitar is modified to imitate the sound and performance of the EXL-1. In other words, that guitar you’re holding now is a hybrid. It can perform as a White Falcon and, at the same time, as an EXL-1. You may have mastered using the White Falcon but playing that hybrid is another story.” The, rude, staff explains with a smug look on his face.
“This guy is starting to piss me off!” I complained to myself. My ego as a guitarist was just knocked over by this rude staff. There’s no way I’m going to back down from this argument. My pride as the lead guitarist of Scandal is at risk. “W-who are you to judge my skills by just listening me play a couple of cords? Yeah, maybe mastering how to play this hybrid is a whole new level for me but it doesn’t mean I can’t master it through time.” I just let myself whine. The guy sighed and gave a smirk. “You have a point there but do you know how much this hybrid will cost you?” He retorted sarcastically. “Aaaaaaaaaaaaarrggggghhhh!!!! I can’t take this guy’s guts anymore! I need a backup plan!” I looked around while screaming in my head wildly.
Then I noticed a staff that looks like the manager of the store. “Aren’t you being rude to your customer? Where is your manager? I’m going to report you to him.” I said angrily stand up putting down the guitar on the process. I called the attention of the manager and he immediately came over.
“I would like to file a complaint against your staff.” I pointed at the annoying guy. The manager seemed to be shock from what I said and looked between me and his staff.
“B-but m-miss, he’s not o-one of our s-staff.” He stuttered while answering.
“Then he’s just a customer like me?” I retorted in disbelief.
“No, he’s not a customer either.” 
“Eeh?! Don’t tell me that he’s the manager and you’re just a staff?”
“Well I’m the manger but he’s more than a manager. He’s the…”
The annoying guy cut him off. “I’m Nakashima Yoshiro, the owner of this establishment.” The manager and I both froze and slowly turning our heads to face him. He’s holding his hand in front indicating that he wants to shake hands with me. I didn’t know why but I somehow did shake his hand and he gave me a warm smile.
I could feel my cheeks blushing. I immediately pull my hand away and made a step back away from him. “WTH!!! The owner? Is he kidding with me? Of course not! The manager even confirmed it. No wonder he had that knowledge about the hybrid White Falcon.” I mumbled to myself.
The owner finally spoke and snapping me from my thoughts. “Why won’t I give a special offer? I’ll let you rent the hybrid to determine that there’s a chance that you’ll be able to master it. Then if somehow you liked the performance, then let’s just talk about the price later. What do you say?”

~~~

“Tadaima!” I finally arrived in the condo. I carried the guitar case inside and made my way to the living room. “Welcome back Mami-chan.” Rina greeted me. She just came out from her room holding an empty pitcher and a glass. “Let me get that for you Rina.” I suggested. She just smiled at me and says, “No need Mami-chan. It seems like you’re carrying something a lot heavier than what I’m holding.” She slowly walks toward the kitchen.
“Oi!!! What did you buy this time Mami?” Haruna angrily yelled at me. She made some fast strides towards me and stares at the guitar case when Haruna is now standing by my side. Then I heard a running footsteps coming from upstairs. Tomomi came dashing down the stairs. “Did Mami-chan buy a lot of foo…waaah!!!” Her foot slipped on the last step of the stairs.
“TOMO!!!” Haruna and I exclaimed. It was like a scene from some anime. Tomomi rolled to the wall facing the stairs and hitting her face flat in the end. She then fell to the ground. I carefully put the guitar case down while Haruna rushed to Tomomi’s side. “What happened?” Rina came out from the kitchen and marched to our direction.
Tomomi’s forehead is very red and we could see tears coming out from the side of her eyes. She trailed her sight in between the three of us. “Haru-chan, my face hurts.” Tomomi seeks comfort from Haruna, who is the closest to her. She then began crying like a child. We couldn’t help ourselves then we burst out laughing in unison. I know it’s not good laughing at someone who is pain but Timo’s face is priceless.
“Stop crying now Tomo. Geez, you’re already 23. You shouldn’t be acting like a 12 year old when it comes to food. Look where it got you now?” Haruna scolded Tomomi while still suppressing her laughter and act strict to her. “Well, sorry to disappoint you Tomomi but it’s not food that I brought today.” I said when I managed to stop laughing.
I look at the guitar case lying on the floor. The others followed my gaze and now also looking at it. “You bought another guitar Mami-chan?” Tomomi curiously asked while wiping her tears. I took some small strides to the guitar and picked it up. I cleared the coffee table and placed it on top. I could feel the anticipation of the other members.
All of us now are sitting near the coffee table. I opened the lock of the case and it pops open a gap. “Rina-chan, look, there’s smoke coming out from the guitar case.” Tomomi exclaimed with a terrified look. “Waaaah! You’re right Tomo-chan! AAAHHHH!!! Hands are also coming out!” Rina also did the same thing with Tomomi. Then suddenly two pillows flew towards Tomomi and Rina’s faces.
“The two of you stop saying things like that! Since when did the opening a guitar becomes a horror scene?” Haruna commented while her body is shaking. She was clearly frightened from Rina and Timo’s small scene. The two of them just laughed at Haruna’s expression and I can’t also help myself but laugh along with them. “It’s not nice to hit sick people pillows in the face Haru-chan.” Rina retorted amusingly.
The laughter settled down and our attentions are back to the guitar case. “Open it already Mami, so we can get this over with.” Haruna commanded with a serious expression. I opened the case quickly to prevent some climactic build up that these other two could possibly think. The four of us just stared at it when the hybrid White Falcon was revealed.
Haruna, Rina and Tomomi exchange glances at each other and then they all turned their attention to me. Each of them showed different expressions. Haruna as clearly disappointed. Tomomi looks like she was hurt. Rina, weirdly, is the only one with a happy face. Haruna stood up and closed the case. It felt like I need to say something and then I bowed my head. “Gomenasai…” It was the only word that I could think of.
I needed a comeback. I need to explain what happened. I stood up and faced Haruna. “But I didn’t buy this guitar, I swear.”
~~ STAR OF FLASHBACK~~
“What do you say?” The owner asked. I was too confused from everything that just happened so I didn’t quite understand what he just said. “Wait, what?” I retorted. “But, Nakashima-san…” the manager was cut off when the owner, Nakashima, put his hand in front of the face of the manager. “I said; I’ll let you rent the guitar for a while.” He answered.
“Prepare the hybrid so the customer can bring it along with her.” The owner instructed and the manager obediently followed his instructions. I just stood there still unsure what was happening around me. In less than ten minutes the guitar is inside the guitar case and ready for me to bring home. “You can just pay me after you bring the guitar back.” He gave me a warm smile as he said that. I raised an eyebrow at him. 
“Nakashima-san, was it? How sure are you that I’ll bring back this guitar?” I asked him suspiciously.
“Well, actually, I don’t. And don’t even think about that I’ll be using this situation to blackmail you in the future. I’m not that kind of guy.” The smile from his face left.
The manager came back to us holding a pen and some kind of a form. “Can you please fill this up, miss?” He handed it to me. I was about to take it but the owner took it first. “I’ll handle it from here. You can leave us for now.” He insisted to the manager. The manager obediently left us alone while he slouches his back.
“You don’t want my staffs to know who you really are. Most of them are you’re fans and they also run their mouths with no end.” He whispered to me. “Why did you think I’m keeping you in the corner for the entire time of our conversation?” The owner then gives a sly smile. I looked around and confirmed that the two of us were really in the corner of the shop.
“I can’t fight against this annoying, sly and annoying, with a smug look on his face, guy!!!” (Yeah, I know I repeated annoying twice) I’m leaving this store with no more choice to choose to. I picked the guitar case, good thing I was used in carrying my guitar, but I can still feel the weight that is a bit heavier than my White Falcon. I turned away from him and made my way to the door when I suddenly felt that the guitar was lighter.
“I’ll assist you with that.” He simply took the guitar from me and walked outside. He then called a taxi and put the guitar inside. He left the door open so I can climb in. Both of us are not saying a thing until I closed the door of the taxi. “Oh, by the way. We’re open from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 7pm. Just stop by anytime.”
That was the last thing I heard from him when the taxi drove away.

~~END OF FLASHBACK~~

“Are you sure you’re not making that up, Mami-chan?” Rina asked with full of curiosity in her eyes.
“Then please give me an explanation how I got that guitar.” I sarcastically answered her. The three of them exchange glances with each other and burst out laughing. “It’s not funny guys. I just got humiliated by that guy and now it seems like you’re taking his side.” I pouted at them. “Sorry Mami but what are you gonna with that?” Haruna pointed at the guitar.
“I’m gonna prove that jerk is wrong!” I clinched my wrist and stood up. “I’m going to use it for next week’s rehearsals.” Answering Haruna’s question. “Eeh?!” All of theme exclaimed.
After seeing their reaction I let out an evil laugh and then saying menacingly, “I’ll crush him with guitar mastering skills!!!”

CHAPTER 3
June 12, 2013; Wednesday
Mami’s POV
We just finished the band practice for today and now I’m back here in Ochanomizu walking to that unfamiliar shop that I went from the last time. It’s almost 6pm and I’m carrying this heavy guitar case with the hybrid White Falcon inside. I’m kinda disappointed when Haruna said that I already need to return this guitar back because it’s distracting all of us. I really enjoyed playing the hybrid during the band practice.
I stopped on my tracks when noticed that I’m now standing in front of the shop. “Play and Run” I muttered the name of the shop. It’s my first time taking notice of the store name. Well, it doesn’t matter really. This would be my last time entering this shop anyway. I already brought enough money to pay the rent for the guitar.
I entered that shop with some hesitation. A male staff greeted me, “Irasshaimase! How can I help you ma’am?” I looked around to find that damn owner but he’s nowhere to be seen. “Maybe he’s not here today.” I said to myself. I look back at the staff and answer his question. “I’m here to return something.” I pointed at the guitar case at my side.
“Let me get that for you and follow me to the manager. He’s the one who knows about these things.” He answered in the most polite way that a store staff should be. How come their boss is as rude as a gorilla in a zoo?
We walk towards the manager, who is standing behind the counter. The manager looks to be pretty young to be one. He looks like he’s still in mid-twenties. “Bucho, a customer says she needs to return this guitar.” The staff muttered catching the attention of the manager. The manager eyed me and seemed to remember my face.
“Thanks Shun-kun. I can take it from here.” Said the manager. The male staff left us and attended the other customers. “Welcome back ma’am. So you’re here to give the guitar back. Have you decided to buy this guitar?” He asked me with a hint of worry on his face. “Well, yes, but I’m not going buy it though.” I answered him.
“I already mastered and got used in playing the guitar but it feels like this is not the one for me.” I continued. The manager sighed while he runs his hand through his hair. “I doubt that you can buy this guitar even though you can afford to do so.” He replied in a frustrated tone. “And why is that?” I asked him in curiosity.
He took out the guitar from the case and placed it on the counter. “This guitar is not for sale to begin with. I just don’t know why he did that last time.” He muttered. “Now this is getting interesting.” I said to myself as my curiosity takes over. “What did you mean not for sale?” I asked him impatiently. “This guitar is Nakashima-san’s personal guitar. He just brought this here that day to give it some maintenance check.” The manager answered while looking at me with his concerned face.
Why Nakashima does sounds familiar? I try to recall it in my head where I heard that name. “I’m Nakashima Yoshiro, the owner of this establishment.” An irritating voice echoed in my head. “Wait, you mean, this guitar is owned by that rude owner of ours?” I retorted.
The manager was about to answer me when we heard a sudden burst from the entrance door. “Tadaima!!! I brought dinner everyone!” Nakashima, the rude owner, came in shouting. “Welcome back Kaicho, thanks for the treat.” A female staff greeted him gleefully. The rude owner walks towards us, clearly not noticing me yet, while he greeted the other customers in the store.
“Well, it’s Shun-kun’s birthday. Let’s celebrate after we close the store later.” Nakashima muttered while he patted the back of the staff that greeted and assisted me earlier. “Thank you, Kaicho.” The staff thanked him while scratching the back of his head. “You’re welcome Shun-kun. Now can you put this at back for me?” The staff accepted the bag from the owner and went inside to a room at the back of the counter.
Nakashima continues to walk to the counter but stops when he finally noticed me standing there. He eyed the manager and the guitar on top of the counter. He walked faster to us and stops when he’s now standing at my side. “Take care of the hybrid. I have some business to take care of.” Nakashima instructed the manager.
He suddenly put the cap that he was wearing on me. “What the-?!” I tried to protest but he glared angrily at me which made me stop talking. “Wear that until I’ll say that it’s okay to take it off.” He muttered. Then he pulled my hand and head towards the exit. “Wait, where are you taking me?” I furiously asked him but he didn’t answer.
We entered this small okonomiyaki restaurant not far away from his store. There were no people around except for a grumpy looking man who is standing behind the counter. “You can take the hat off now. Sorry for dragging you all the way here.” Nakashima apologized which kinda caught me off guard. “I needed to take you away from the shop. The customers are starting to notice who you are without your little disguise like the last time.” He continued.
I was dumfounded from what he said and left me speechless. I just stared at him with my jaw still hanging. “Had you already ate dinner?” Nakashima asked which made me to snap back to reality. “Hey! If you people are not planning on ordering something and just stand there all night, you can leave my restaurant.” The grumpy guy shouted at the two of us.
“Hold up the fuss old man.” Nakashima answered in amusement. He walks to the table at the corner of the restaurant and I followed him. The two of us sat there in silence when I noticed that I’m still wearing his hat. “I forgot, here’s your hat.” I said while giving it back to him.
“Thanks and I’m sorry again from earlier.” He answered while taking his hat from me.
“It’s okay. No harm done anyway.”
“Did you eat dinner? Order anything, my treat.” He gave me this warm smile just like from the last time.
“Well, I haven’t eaten anything yet but you don’t have to pay for me.” I answered in panic.
“It’s my treat, I insist. Consider this as my apology from earlier. It was disrespectful of me on treating you that way earlier.”
“Fine, you win. Then what do you recommend from the menu?”
His face light up and now smiling like an idiot. Let me correct that, a cute idiot. A female waitress, which looks like around in her 30s, took our order and gave us water before leaving us. “Where did she come from? I didn’t see her when we entered the restaurant.”
The both of us waited in silence after the waitress took our orders and I’m not really sure on what I should say. Then I noticed that Nakashima looks like he’s just around my age. He said that he’s the owner of the store but I think he’s a bit too young owning such an expensive business. “Nakashima-san, can I ask a random question?” My mouth is moving on its own. I really hate myself when I started to get curious about these things.
“You can call me Yoshiro. You sounded like my staffs in the store and, yeah, ask me anything.” He answered while smiling like a cute idiot.
“How old are you?”
“Well, that was really a random question. I’m still twenty-four.”
“A year older than me, huh.”
The silence came back and this time the waitress also came back with our order. She started preparing the batter and I watch her in amazement. “Thanks Momo-san. I can do everything from here.” Nakashi… No, Yoshiro said to the waitress. She just smiled at him and left us. “Do you want to try putting it in Sasazaki-san?” He said while offering me the bowl of batter. I took it from him without any second thought and drastically pour it on the teppan (special hotplates for cooking okonomiyaki and other grilled recipes). “So, you’re cooking it omelet style.” Yoshiro muttered amusingly eyeing the batter that I just poured.
I panicked seeing my batter spreading around the teppan. I grabbed the metal spatula from the side of the table and I tried scraping the side of the batter preventing it to spread even further. “I guess you’re going for the scrambled okonomiyaki instead.” Yoshiro commented obviously preventing himself not laugh. I just huffed at him in irritation. This guy just loves to mess with people for his own amusement, doesn’t he?
When my batter stopped spreading, Yoshiro then poured his batter, but not drastically though. The batter formed a round pancake like shape. He then starts to put some pork belly on top of the batter. Yoshiro then skillfully flipped the batter letting the bacon to be cook. “This guy surprises me every time I let my guard down.” I commented to myself.
“Ahh… Sasazaki-san, your okonomiyaki is starting to burn.” He pointed at my now burnt okonomiyaki. I’m having a hard on flipping mine because of its wide size, from the spreading incident earlier. “Let me get that for you. Can you grill a couple of pork belly at the side?” Yoshiro instructed me but not the tone that he uses on his staffs. I pick three thin slices of pork belly, which almost looks like bacon, and did what Yoshiro asked me to do.

Our okonomiyaki were finished cooking and we put it in our respective plates. Yoshiro’s okonomiyaki looks beautiful with the aonori(seaweed flakes) and katsuobushi(dried bonito flakes) for its toppings. He also dressed his okonomiyaki neatly with the okonomiyaki sauce and mayonnaise.
While my okonomiyaki looks like a disaster. One side of it was burnt and the pork belly is sandwich by the two halves of my batter which Yoshiro decided to cut because he said it was too big. The aonori, the katsuobushi, mayonnaise and okonomiyaki sauce were also put along with the pork belly. My okonomiyaki looks more like a burger than what it should look like.
“Do you want to trade?” Yoshiro suddenly spoke while I was intently staring at both of our okonomiyaki and comparing it to each other. “Trade what?” I asked. I was not really paying attention at him. “I kinda want to taste the okonomiyaki that you made. I’ll be willing to trade mine just to taste yours.” Yoshiro answered me bashfully.
“Why did he look freakishly cute while saying that?!” It felt like my mind is about to explode as my cheeks were starting to heat up. I pretended to drink some water so he wouldn’t notice the color on my cheeks. Yoshiro is still looking at me with glittering hope in his eyes. “Do you really want the okonomiyaki that I made?” I asked him while holding the glass of water in front of my face.
Yoshiro’s face lights up brightly and giving me a big smile. “Of course, I do!” He retorted enthusiastically. I burst out laughing after seeing the reaction of his face. He seemed to be confused why I’m laughing. “Who are you and what did you do to the person who dragged me in here?” I said while wiping some tears at the corner of my eyes. Yoshiro tilted his head to the side obviously didn’t get what I mean. “Wow! This guy is so mercurial.” I exclaimed in my head.
“Yoshiro-san, I never thought that you can act like a middle school boy. Recalling from the way you acted like a mature adult earlier, this is the last thing that I would expect from you.” I muttered teasingly at him while calming myself and not to laugh again.
Unlike me, he didn’t bother covering his face while he blushed which is also affecting me and making me blush. “It’s alright with me if you don’t want to trade the okonomiyaki. Let’s start eating. It’ll become cold if we won’t eat it now.” Yoshiro muttered in a disappointed tone. “Now he’s talking to me maturely. I just can’t believe how easily this guy changes his mood.” I mumbled in my head.
Yoshiro was about to start eating when place my okonomiyaki to his side of the table. “I didn’t say anything about not wanting to trade with you.” I gave him a smile hoping that his face would bright up. Yoshiro made small smile as he picked his plate and placed it in front of me. “Thanks Sasazaki-san. Let’s eat. I’m starting to get hungry.” Yoshiro chuckled after thanking me.
We ate our traded okonomiyaki in silence after that.

~~~

After the dinner that Yoshiro paid for the both us. He also ordered some take-outs for the girls. Yoshiro walked me to the Ochanomizu station. He made me wear his hat again to partially disguise me. We were silent the entire time. I’m too nervous on bringing up a topic because of the possibility of his sudden mood change.
Yoshiro walks by my side but ‘a meter by my side’ kind of way. He walks closer to me every time some group of men coming our way. “Yoshiro can also be a gentleman, huh.” I muttered to myself.
The restaurant wasn’t that far from the station so it didn’t take us long to get there. “Thank you for the interesting dinner Yoshiro-san. Here’s your hat.” I bowed him thanking as I take the hat that I’m wearing. “Take my hat for now Sasazaki-san. I think you might still need it.” He answered while pointing at the crowd that is now starting to pile in front the platform. I bowed again and turn my back from him.
“Ahh! Sasazaki-san, I almost forgot.” Yoshiro catches up with me just before I’m about to enter the platform. “Are you free this coming Friday night?” He asked me in anticipation. “I think I’m free on Friday night though we have band practice during the day but, yeah, I’m free on the evening. Why you ask?” I didn’t know what came over me answering him instantly.
“Great! Meet me in Shibuya station at 7pm.” Yoshiro said gleefully. He then dug his wallet from his back pocket and took out a card. “Here’s my business card. It has my phone number written in it. Call me if you can’t make it.” He gave the card and waved me good bye. I stood there confused from his sudden action. “Oi!!! Chottomatte!!! What’s the meaning of this, Yoshiro-san?” I stop him while pulling his shirt from behind.
He gave me a small laugh before answering. “A dinner date, consider that as the payment for renting the hybrid. Sorry I really need to run now. My staffs are waiting for me back at the shop. I won’t leave at the station until you’ll call me that you can’t make it. Bye for now, Sasazaki-san” Yoshiro gave me a sly smile before making his way back to the entrance of the station.
“Shibuya. 7pm. Dinner Date. Payment. Rent. Hybrid.” I slowly muttered to myself, trying to assess what did just happen. Then my eyes widen when I fully realize what that Yoshiro-deceiving-trap-master-gorilla is trying to do. I can’t believe that I forgot about the payment for the rent. “A dinner date, huh. Well, I’ll just wait until Friday comes and make the decision of not going.” I sighed after putting his business card in the side pocket of my bag.
Chapter 4
April 2, 2014; Wednesday
AUTHOR’S POV
Haruna opened the door of their condo unit. Tomomi, Rina and Mami stood outside the door way while staring inside. “I was thinking that Mami will be the one who would feel uneasy. The two of you, stop being the reason why she would be.” Haruna scolded Rina and Tomomi wearing worried faces. She soon entered the unit gesturing that all of them to go in.
“Mami-chan, let me show you to your room.” Rina dragged Mami towards the stairs but Tomomi stopped them while holding Mami’s other wrist. “Why are you the one showing Mamitasu her room, Rina-chan?” Tomomi complained.
Mami just sighed at the two of them arguing. “I have a better idea.” Mami suddenly muttered in a tired tone. The two girls look at her and waited for her to continue. “The both of you can show me my supposed to be room.” Mami suggested sarcastically.
“It’s not your supposed to be room. It is your room Mami.” Haruna walks to the trio. “Stop holding her like that. She looks like your hostage from here.” She then flicks Rina and Tomomi’s foreheads. “How many times do I have to scold the two?” Haruna added as she turns her heels and walks to the kitchen.
Tomomi and Rina are rubbing the part of their foreheads where Haruna flicked earlier. “Haru-chan can sometimes be a b*tch if given the opportunity.” Tomomi huffed while facing Rina and Mami. “I heard that Tomo!!! You’re doing the dishes tonight. ALONE!” Haruna shouted from the kitchen.
Mami suddenly let out a loud laugh. Her laugh has always this contagious effect which causing for all of them to laugh, even Haruna who is in the kitchen at the moment. “I’m so glad seeing you laugh Mami-chan.” Rina said while wiping a tear from her left eye. “Are you laughing that hard Rina-chan?” Tomomi is also wiping the tear from her eyes. “You’re not the one to talk Tomo.” Mami retorted at Tomomi’s comment.
But Rina and Tomomi’s tears from excessive laughter change into tears from crying. They couldn’t hold back showing their worries for Mami in front of her anymore. Haruna told them to at least pretend to be strong in front of Mami so the lead guitarist wouldn’t need to worry about them and just focus on getting her memories back.
Haruna was also crying silently in the kitchen while she tries to prepare dinner. She can’t let the others see her that way. She felt that she needed to be strong for the all of them and be the one who is level-headed. Not as the front man of the band but as the eldest of the four women.
Mami could only feel bad for them because she was the reason why they are feeling that way. She’s always been careful ever since she met the three and the day formed the band. Mami didn’t want to cause trouble for her band mates, so she always does her best to be responsible of her actions and make up for it. 
The sound only sound that they could hear that time was the sound of Tomomi and Rina sniffing. “How can you show me to my room if the both of you are crying?” Mami decided to break the dreadful silence and beamed them a warm smile.
Mami didn’t know how her present self would deal with these kinds of things but she knows that mopping around won’t make things any better.

~~~

“And to complete the welcoming party...” Haruna trailed off as she takes something from inside the box. “...A Melon Shortcake for Mami!!!” She held a small round cake with her right hand while Tomomi and Rina are clapping beside her. Mami’s eyes widen when she saw the cake that Haruna is holding. “Sugoi!!! I didn’t know such perfect thing could exist in this world.” She is now clapping now like a little girl who just received her birthday gift. “And it’s costly too.” Tomomi commented.
Haruna put the cake on the table and face Mami. “Well, the doctor said that we should surround you with things that are very familiar to you.” Haruna said a smile on her face. “I want to cut the cake!” Rina suddenly exclaimed. Without the permission from the others, she started cutting the cake in four parts, since it is small. She then distributed all the pieces to each member.
“Let me feed you Mamitasu. We always do that.” Tomomi suggested to Mami.
“I have a feeling that we don’t Timo.” Mami indirectly refuse her.
“You’re too busy feeding yourself Tomo than feeding Mami even if she asks you to.” Haruna commented.
“Ehh? But Mami and I do. We just don’t do it often but we do.” Tomomi insisted.
“I asked her to feed me?” Mami asked Haruna in disbelief.
“There was this one time when Mami-chan begged Tomo-chan to feed her during lunch but Tomo-chan just ignored her.” Rina uttered.
“Well, I did that because it was payback from playing a prank on me that morning.” Tomomi is now starting to be upset. Mami chuckled from everyone’s reaction. It seems like they haven’t change much for five years. “So, when did this begging incident happen? I just wanted to make a mental note that I did beg Timo on feeding me.” Mami asked curiously.
The other members went silent trying to recall the time when it happened. “If I remember it correctly, that was the day before the Summer Sonic event. We needed to give Mami some takoyaki just to cheer her up.” Haruna muttered. “Ah, yeah, that was the day before the Summer Sonic event. Tomo-chan was being such a bully that time. It happened July last year, right?” Rina added finally recalling the day.
“Why it didn’t surprise me that the twenty-three-year-old me actually did that?” Mami commented to herself. “Muuu!!! This is getting out of topic. I just wanted to feed Mamitasu with the cake.” Tomomi complained. “Fine, Timo. You can feed me.” Mami answered Tomomi. The bassist’s face lit up and immediately picked up the fork. She then takes a small piece of the cake with her fork and lifts it to Mami. “Say, ahh...” Tomomi instructed. Mami chuckled from her instruction and obediently opens her mouth.
As soon as the cake is in Mami’s mouth a sudden nostalgic feeling run all through her body. She then pulled away awkwardly and stared at Tomomi. The feeling was all too weird for her. It seems like Mami’s body remembered a certain event from her memory but her brain is not giving her access to see it. “Mami-chan, are you okay?” Rina asked. “Did the fork hit something in your mouth?” Tomomi question her worriedly.
Mami tried to compose herself and answered them, “No, I’m okay. It’s just that I felt weird when Timo fed me.” While Mami was lost in a dazed of figuring out what that feeling was, the other member looked at each other.  Haruna then shook her head giving the two other girls a serious look. “Maybe you got traumatized by Timo feeding you.” She joked blandly. Tomomi and Rina made a fake laugh.
“Let’s continue eating our cakes before Tomo-chan decided to eat our shares.” Haruna muttered causing Mami to snap back to reality. They continue eating while talking about the days they all started the band and for Mami to actually be in the conversation and not just listening to the other members talking.

~~~

April 3, 2014; Thursday
MAMI’S POV
A muffled voice woke me up from my sleep. I slowly rose to a sit up position on my bed. I could feel sweat around my neck. I stood up and made my way to the desk where the pitcher with water and glass were placed on top. I pour the water to the glass and drink it.
After my body finally calmed down, my vision roamed around the room. It was a spacious for a single person room. Everything is very unfamiliar to me. I never expected to change this much. Though, the me, being an otaku is still alive. The girls told me that they didn’t touch anything in the room. It was left the same way since I left the house on the day of the accident.
I put down the glass and went back to the bed. I lay there looking at the ceiling. Then I remembered that muffled voice which woke me up earlier, actually not just earlier but ever since I woke up in the hospital. I just don’t understand why the only thing that I could hear is a muffled voice. It seems like the person was a guy because the voice sounded too deep for a girl. He also sounds like singing but I couldn’t quite hear the words just the melody. At first I thought it could be Nii-san’s voice but something inside me said that it wasn’t. 
And there’s that accident. People kept telling me that it was a car accident and I was driving the car. They said that another car lost control causing it to hit me. The driver of the other car died in the accident, luckily that I survived, but I always had the feeling that that things happened differently. I look at the time in my phone. It’s still three in the morning so I decided to go back to sleep.

~~~

“Mami-chan, it’s time to wake up. How long are you planning to sleep?” A constant shaking is the one which woke me up this time. I groaned angrily. “Come on Mami-chan!!! We are all waiting for you to eat breakfast.” It was Rina’s voice. I blurted up when I realize Rina is in my house. “What the hell are you doing in my house Rina? You’ll be late for school.” I asked her in panic. She just stares at me in uttered shock on her face. She then burst out laughing. “What are you laughing about? Wait for me. I’ll be ready in five minutes. Let’s go to school together.” I immediately got out from the bed and open my closet. I tried to find my school uniform but it wasn’t there.
Rina is still laughing and I don’t have any idea why. “Mami-chan, you’ll never find your school uniform there if that’s what you’re looking for.” She muttered in a stifled laugh. “What are you talking about Rina? Why aren’t you wearing your uniform?” I asked her while still looking for my uniform in the closet. “We didn’t wear our uniforms since four years ago Mami-chan.” Rina managed to stop laughing made me face her.
“Remember Mami, you’re now twenty-three year old. You’re living here in Azabujuban, Tokyo. You had an accident three months ago which caused your five years’ worth of your memory to be lost.” Rina slowly explained to me. I finally came to my senses and understand what Rina was said earlier. “Ironic, huh? I forgot that I have amnesia.” I let out a sigh after calming down.
Rina pats my shoulder and smiled at me. “Don’t worry Mami-chan. We are here to remind that you have one and to help you bring your memories back.” Rina said trying to cheer me up and it actually did cheer me up a bit. “Now let’s go. Tomo-chan is complaining that she’s already hungry. I’m afraid that Haru-chan might blow up any minute now.” She added. I gave her a small smile and messed her hair. “I’ll be out in a minute. Go ahead and tell them to wait for me.” I instructed Rina. She then obediently went out my room.
I walk to the kitchen finding all three of them waiting for me patiently. “I’m sorry for making you guys wait. You could have just eaten without me.” I entered timidly in the kitchen. “We couldn’t do that Mamitasu! I want to eat with you although I became… hungry from waiting.” Tomomi trailed off the last part of her sentence. “Tomo is right, well except for the hungry part though. We wanted to eat together, that’s why we waited for you.” Haruna uttered proudly. “Now let’s settle down and start eating.” She continued.
We started eating our traditional Japanese breakfast, minus the nato. I was silent while eating. I keep remembering the voice that woke me in the middle of the night. I think I’ll ask them if they have any idea what it might be. Actually, I should’ve asked them to begin with but I was hesitant back in the hospital because my parents were there. I don’t want them to worry any further. They already worried about me for almost two months that I was in coma. And the question was kinda awkward to ask the girls in front of my parents.
I braced myself to ask this dragging question and took a deep breath. “I have a question to ask you guys.” All of them stopped eating and stared at me in curiosity. “What is it Mami?” Haruna asked. I went silent for a while trying to choose the right words and then continued, “Did I get a boyfriend or something?” All of them showed serious expressions and as if on cue, they turn their faces away from me at the same time.
“I guess I didn’t get any then.” I said with a disappointed tone trying to break the awkward silence. I could hear a stifled laugh coming from Haruna. Rina and Tomomi are now also giggling still not looking at me. Then all at once, they burst out laughing. “I never thought you would ask that question. You’re acting like a high school girl right now Mamitasu. You’re so cute.” Tomomi exclaimed while wiping her eyes.
I’m not sure but I think I blushed because when they look at me again they laughed even harder. “I almost forgot that the 18-year-old Mami was always curious at everything.” Haruna said as she tries to settle down her laughter. “Well Mami-chan has always been curious at everything, Haru-chan.” This time, Rina was the one who made a comment.
“Aaarggh!!! You’re not taking my question seriously. I’m not asking this just out of curiosity. I have a reason.” I muttered in irritation. They finally all calmed down and stopped laughing. “I’m having a hard time in my sleep because of this muffled voice that always wakes me up in the middle of the night. I couldn’t shake off this uneasy feeling. It sounded like a voice of a guy, so I thought it could’ve been from my boyfriend or something like that.” I said in serious face while looking down at my breakfast. Haruna reaches out her hand to mine and gives it a reassuring squeeze.
I raised my head and trailed my vision between the three of them. Seeing Tomomi and Rina with horrified expressions made me worried. “We’re sorry Mami. We didn’t mean it that way.” Haruna let out a sigh after apologizing. “And to answer your question, yes. You dated a couple of guys back then but you stopped since two years ago. You never actually told us why but maybe because of our busy schedules.” Haruna continued.
Tomomi and Rina were just silent the whole time suddenly faced Haruna with surprised expressions. “Are they hiding something from me?” I thought but I brushed the thought away. The four of us are practically like sisters. They wouldn’t hide anything from me. I trust them with all my heart and I decided to depend on them in bringing my memories back.


Chapter 5
June 14, 2013; Friday
YOSHIRO’S POV
I’m getting restless. It’s already 6:53 in the evening. I’m now standing near the Hachiko Statue while constantly checking my phone. I’ve told Sasazaki Mami the time and where we’ll meet tonight. I’m hoping that she’ll come because she hasn’t called me yet.
I look around outside the Shibuya Station. The station is starting to pack a lot of people from going in and coming out from the building. Traffic is starting to build up also. I really hate the noise that those cars are creating with their annoying horns. Can’t they just wait patiently for the traffic to move? I decided to take out my earphones and it plug to my phone. I press play. The first song to play is One Ok Rock’s Dreamer. I’m not really into rock songs but I like the arrangement of the music so I downloaded it.
The volume is almost at its max level so I couldn’t possibly hear anything aside from the music playing. I checked the time in my phone again. It’s 7:08. I sighed while putting the phone back into my pocket. Of course she’ll be late. Sasazaki is busy with band practice. Why would I even think that the lead guitarist of the most famous all-girl rock band in Japan will take priority on my scammed dinner date? But I just couldn’t shake the hope that she might come.
The song playing suddenly stopped and I could now hear the ringing noise in my ears. I immediately plugged my earphones away. I checked at the caller ID but it was registered to an unknown number. Then my eyes widen when I realize the possibility that the person calling is might be Sasazaki Mami.
“Mo-moshi moshi?’ I answered in panic.
“Is this Nakashima Yoshiro-san?” A familiar female voice replied.
“Y-yes, this is Nakashima Yoshiro. Sasazaki-san?” I hesitantly asked.
“I’m in Shibuya Station right now. Where are you?”
It was really Sasazaki Mami. I just couldn’t help myself smile like an idiot. “Oi, Yoshiro-san. Are you still there? Moshi moshi.” I heard Sasazaki’s voice again. I must have spaced out a bit. “Yeah, I’m still here. Sorry about that. I’m here near the Hachiko Statue. Where are you? I’ll come to you.” I tried to sound calm and mature but my nervousness is giving it away. “No need. I’m on the way there. I’ll see you in a bit.” She then hangs up. Is it just me or does she sounds a bit excited?
I couldn’t compare my happiness to anything right now. I swayed my body back and forth looking like an elementary kid waiting outside the house of his friend. I look around in case that I might spot Sasazaki around. When a tap on my left should startled me which caused me to flinch. I instantly turn my back to the left to see who tapped my shoulder.
The sight was just too good to be true. Sasazaki Mami is here. She’s actually here standing in front of me. She’s wearing her hair in ponytail and she’s also wearing a pair of eyeglasses, just like the ones she wore when we first met. You won’t recognize her in first glance.
She gives me a small wave. “Good evening, Yoshiro-san.” Sasazaki greeted. I couldn’t manage to answer so I just wave her back. “So where are you planning to take me Yoshiro-san?” She asked me while smiling. I think my heart just skipped a beat.
“There’s a restobar that a friend of mine owns. I think it’s a good place to have dinner because there would be a live band there tonight though we need to ride a taxi. It’s quiet a distance from here.” I answered a calmly. It really amazes me sometimes that I can still able to act calm at such times like this. “Oh, great, it’s not like that I have a choice anyway. You designed a perfect trap for me.” Sasazaki retorted sarcastically while still smiling.
She walks towards to the sidewalk leaving me there with my jaw hanging. Well, Sasazaki was right. I did design a trap, so I can’t really blame her treatment towards me. I sighed heavily and followed her to the sidewalk. She’s standing there with her arms crossed against her chest. Sasazaki is obviously not happy with the thought of our dinner date.
“I’m sorry Sasazaki-san. You don’t have to do this if you don’t want to.” I said to her avoiding eye contact. “No, if I really didn’t want to do this I would have called you already and not show up.” She answered. “You could have just asked me directly. I would probably say ‘YES’ and go out to dinner with you.” My eyes widened and stared at her with a surprised look. “It was just unfair black mailing me like that. I was really mad at you at first but then I realized that I haven’t gone out on a date for some time. It’s good to hang out with a guy for once in a while.” Sasazaki continued.
“Okay, for the record. I didn’t blackmail you. I do admit that it was a trap. I gave you a choice for not coming, not much of a choice but still a choice. I told you from the first time that we met. I’m not that kind of a guy.” I defended as if my life is depending on it. Well my pride and dignity did depend on it.
Sasazaki turns her head to me and stares at me blankly. She’s still not buying it. I decided to just smile at her. “But Sasazaki-san, thank you for coming, really. I never thought that you would actually come and, you know, stood me up.” I muttered. A smile slowly creeps into her lips and answers me, “I’m not that kind of a girl.”
She’s just too damned cute and I can’t help stare at her after what she just said. Sasazaki snaps her attention away from me. Did I just do something wrong? “We should go to the place that you’re talking about. I’m starting to get hungry.” She muttered without looking at me. Sasazaki then called out a taxi.
I told the taxi driver the address and luckily he’s familiar with the place. I wouldn’t have a hard time explaining the right direction. The restaurant was still new around Shibuya so I wouldn’t be surprised if only few people know about the place.
The both of us are silent in the car, me sitting beside the driver’s seat and Sasazaki in the back. I want to look at her but I couldn’t because it would be too obvious and embarrassing. What am I, a high school boy secretly taking stolen glimpse of his crush? So I just stayed put and watched the road in front me.
“So Yoshiro-san, tell me about this place.” Sasazaki suddenly spoke breaking the silence. “The owner of the restobar is a childhood friend of mine. He’s a chef and a music lover, so that’s why he decided to put up a restaurant with live band. The place just opened a few months ago so it wouldn’t be so packed with many people although it’s Friday night.” I answered while suppressing myself from turning my head to her. I wanted to look calm and mature as much as possible. She didn’t answer or give any comment. She’s really in a bad mood. I hope that I’m not the one causing it.

~~~

MAMI’S POV
The taxi finally stopped and we finally arrived at our destination. I was not lying earlier that I’m starting to get hungry. I was too focused with the practice during the day that I forgot to eat some snacks. I hope this guy would bring me to a good restaurant with good food.
Yoshiro went out from the taxi first after paying the fare and hurriedly opens the door to my side. I grabbed my bag from my left and went out from the back seat. The taxi slowly drives away. We are now standing in this dim narrow street. I look around but all I see is a sign saying ‘Dead End’. “Please tell me that that’s not that place he was talking about earlier.” I nervously muttered to myself.
“This is the place. Let’s go in” Yoshiro gesturing me to follow him to the place that i was hoping not to enter. “The restaurant only looks creepy in the outside. Trust me.” He gives me a reassuring smile. This guy has his way with this crazy smile of his. I followed him inside the ‘restaurant’.
After we entered the door on the street we continued to walk in a hallway. A foreigner marches his way out while talking to someone on the phone. This place might be popular with the tourists. “Dead End is kinda popular with the foreigners.” Yoshiro caught me unconsciously eyeing the foreigner who passed by us. “I’ve been meaning to ask you this. How on earth do you know what I’m thinking?” I curiously asked.
He chuckled as he stopped from his tracks and faced me. “Your face says it. It wasn’t that hard to tell what you’re thinking.” Yoshiro answered while giving me an innocent smile. That was a first. Someone, except for the other members, knows what I’m thinking. “Come on, I thought you said that you’re getting hungry.”  Yoshiro grabs my wrist and drags me inside the restaurant.
A bustling environment met us after we went in. This place is indeed a popular place for tourists. Most of the customers are foreigners. There’s a small stage with a drum set on the other side from the entrance. That must be for the live band. “I told you it’s not creepy when we’re in.”  Yoshiro excitedly announced as if he just won something. I can’t help giggle because of his childish actions. Yoshiro is such a weird guy.
“Irasshaimase! Welcome to Dead End!” A waitress greeted us. “Yoshiro-san, nice to see you again!” She exclaimed. “Nice to see you too. Can you show us to our table?” Yoshiro emphasized the ‘us’ part and, by the way, he’s still holding my wrist. The waitress’ eyes widens when she saw Yoshiro holding me. “S-sure, t-this way please.” She stuttered and hesitantly ushered us to the table. The waitress keeps looking at my wrist which Yoshiro is still holding.
“Ohh, so you like Yoshiro-san huh? Let me have fun with this girl.” A mischievous smile appeared on my lips. My other hand grabs on Yoshiro’s arm, the one which is holding my wrist, and walks closer by his side. He doesn’t seem to mind or notice what I’m doing but the waitress certainly did. Her face is so green with envy. Her eyebrow arched and gave me fake smile then faced Yoshiro with a complete different expression. “Woah! She seems to be pissed.” I suppressed myself from laughing.
“Here’s your table Yoshiro-san. Just call me when you’re ready to order.” The waitress placed two menus on the table and looked at me angrily when she walked off. Yoshiro finally let go of my wrist. He pulled the chair for me. I gladly accept the offered chair and sit down. He then sits down in front of me.
“Are you that happy that I brought you here?” Yoshiro asked in amusement. 
“You seemed to be a hot item here.” I pointed to the other waitresses in the bar who are eyeing him.
“What do you mean by that?”
“It means that the waitresses have a crush on you.”
“What crush? All of them are just my friends.”
“To you, they are but to them, you’re not. Trust me. I know the look of a jealous girl.”
Yoshiro appears like he doesn’t believe me because he roamed his sight around the restaurant. To the every waitress that he looks at they always turn their heads away from him. I think he finally realized what I said was true. “Believe me now?” I sarcastically asked him. He furiously nodded and slowly picks up the menu. “Yoshiro acts like a kid when he gets excited huh.” I said to myself my new discovery.
We called the waitress, the one who I pissed off earlier, and told her our order. She gave Yoshiro a sweet while she gave me an annoyed look before leaving us again. Then a man calls out Yoshiro and walks to our table. “Dude, thank god you’re here. I need your help.” The guy, with a weird accent, talked in a worried expression. “Ren-chan, are you alright? You look pale.” Yoshiro replied as his eyebrows arched.
“Not really. I have a dreadful problem and I really need your help.”
“What is it?”
“The band that’s supposed to play tonight is running late because of a traffic accident.”
“What? Are they alright?” Yoshiro stood up from his chair.
“Luckily they are but they said that they’ll be late for at least thirty minutes.”
“Good. So what do you need me for?” He sighed before answering.
The guy grabs both of Yoshiro’s shoulders and stares at him seriously. “I need you to play for a while.” They stared at each other and not moving an inch. It looked a confession scene from one of those mangas I’ve read before. They look so funny so I couldn’t contain myself and settled with a stifled laughter.
The guy seemed to notice me laughing and turns his attention to me. Yoshiro snapped back from his senses. “What? Me? Play?” He exclaimed. Geez, talk about delayed reaction. “Dude, who’s she?” The guy, completely ignoring Yoshiro, asked him while tilting his head to the side. Yoshiro then looks at me and does a face palm. He then wipes off the hands of the guy on his shoulders.
“Ren-chan, this is...” He paused and then stares at me and to the guy. “...Sasazaki-san. She’s a friend of mine. Sasazaki-san, this is Yamada Ren, the owner of the restaurant.” He continued. “Looks like he’s intending to hide who I am.” I muttered to myself. I stood up and bowed slightly to Yamada. “Nice to meet you Yamada-san.” He also bowed. “Nice to meet you too Sasazaki-san.”
An awkward silence between the three of us came after I shook hands with Yamada. “Anyways, help me dude. You’re my only hope right now.” Yamada turning his attention back to Yoshiro. “Why me? Why not you?” Yoshiro argued. Yamada sighed heavily before answering him, “If I’ll do it then who will take care of the orders in the kitchen?”
“If I’ll play, she’ll be alone. I hate leaving my date alone for several minutes.” Yoshiro retorted. His answer caused my cheeks to heat up. Good thing that the place is dimly lit so they’ll hardly notice me blushing. “It’s okay Yoshiro-san. I’m also interested in seeing you play.” I butted in while smiling at him. “She said it’s okay. So you’ll play right?” Yamada insisted. Yoshiro stares at me with a concerned look. “Sasazaki-san, are you sure? It doesn’t feel right leaving you alone here for several minutes.” He said softly.
“I’ll be fine. It’s not like you’ll be gone. You’re just a few feet away from me.” I gave him a reassuring smile. Yoshiro sighed and smiled back at me. There’s that freaking smile again. My cheeks are heating up again. He changed his attention back to Yamada. “Fine, I’ll do it but I’ll play only five songs and that’s it.” Yamada’s face lights up and nodded excitedly. “Sasazaki-san, go ahead and eat first when our order arrives.” Yoshiro muttered before leaving our table.
He is now on the small stage tuning the guitar. He’s sitting on a stool with a microphone in front of him. Yoshiro then plugs the guitar to the amp from his left side. He then leans to the mic forward and started to speak. “Good evening minna-san! Welcome to Dead End. I see that there are a lot of foreign tourists here joining us tonight. I hope you guys are enjoying your stay here in Japan.” My jaw dropped hearing him speaking in English fluently. I didn’t do good in English during in high school so I don’t understand everything he just said. He has a same accent with some Americans, or at least that’s what I think. “I’m just gonna play five songs for you tonight, due to the owner’s request.” He continued.
Yoshiro then started to pluck the guitar the intro of the song and sang moments after. He plays the guitar gracefully. His singing voice brings chills to my bones. Yoshiro is really good. I think I just underestimated him again.
The pissed off waitress finally brings our order without me noticing her. “Impressed?” She muttered snapping my attention away from Yoshiro. I gave her a questioning look. “Yoshiro-san is really good, isn’t he? I wouldn’t be surprised that every girl in the bar likes him.” The waitress said while looking at Yoshiro performs. She then left me without bothering a reply from me.
Yoshiro finished two songs already but I haven’t started eating yet. I was lost in his performance and I don’t want to divide my attention. “Are you enjoying the food minna-san?” He spoke in English again and the foreign customers excitedly answered ‘yes’. “How about our fellow countrymen, are you enjoying the food?” Yoshiro spoke in Japanese this time. I stare at my food on the table untouched and back at him. “I hope everyone are enjoying Dead End’s cuisine especially those who are started eating.” Yoshiro eyed me saying the last part of his sentence.
He’s obviously saying that I should start eating. So I took a bite from the burger that I ordered. It was surprisingly delicious. I smiled while chewing the burger and turn my attention back to Yoshiro. He’s staring and smiling at me. He continued to play after seeing me eating already.
“I’m now on my last and final song for tonight. I would like to dedicate this to someone who’s an avid fan of the Scandal.” Yoshiro is speaking in Japanese. I bolted up from my seat almost making me stand up. “She said that her favorite member is the lead guitarist Mami that’s why I decided to sing this song for her.” He added and started to play.
The piece is familiar then I realize that the song that he’ll play is Koe. I couldn’t believe what I’m seeing and hearing right now. Yoshiro is actually playing Koe, the song that I did all the main vocal parts. Koe is indeed one of my favorite from our other songs. I listen to him in a daze and before I realize Yoshiro finished his performance. He thanked the audience and step down the small stage.
When Yoshiro’s back to our table, I’m already half way from finishing my food. “I told you to eat when our order arrives. If I didn’t reminded you earlier you wouldn’t eat, right?” He said softly with a scolding tone. “I didn’t notice it. The pissed off waitress didn’t say a word after bringing our order.” I mumbled in between chewing. “Pissed off, who? Anyways, I was really worried that you hadn’t eaten yet because you said you were hungry before we left at the station earlier.” He answered softly.
“You’re surprisingly caring for someone who enjoys deceiving and trapping people.” I commented sarcastically. “You’re still not over with that? I’m sorry alre...”
“You were really good back there. I love your version of Koe.” I said cutting off his sentence. Yoshiro’s face is now red and he’s causing me to blush too. “You should eat also. Your food is probably getting cold.” I muttered avoiding his suspicion of me blushing.

~~~

Ren gave us a bottle of their most expensive drink in the restaurant as his sign of appreciation for Yoshiro saving the night. He said that the live band is the restaurant’s selling point, beside from the location of the place, so he couldn’t afford of no one performing.
Yoshiro didn’t like the idea of me drinking but he was not able to do anything after I started pouring the drink to my glass. “You shouldn’t drink much Sasazaki-san. I don’t want to drag you later.” He muttered while shaking his head in disapproval. “Please Yoshiro-san, you’re not my mom so you can rest easy.” I answered sarcastically.
“But Sasazaki-san...” Yoshiro trailed off and didn’t continue what he wanted to say when I started gulping the drink. “And Yoshiro-san, stop calling me Sasazaki-san. I’m not used being called that way. Please call me Mami without the san. Okay?” I said after finishing the glass. He just sighed and drinks the one in his glass. He made a disgusted face after drinking. I laughed at the face he just made. “I see that you’re not into drinking huh.” I commented while still laughing. “Let’s just see later who’ll be laughing after you’ll get drunk.” Yoshiro retorted while pouring the drink into his glass.
We talked for the rest of the night while enjoying the drink. I learned that Yoshiro used to live in America with his grandparents during childhood years but he eventually moved back to Japan due to his father’s request. That explains how he’s able to speak in English fluently earlier. Yoshiro also said that he attended high school in Osaka and he took Musicology in Tokyo University for college. He went to abroad after graduating to do internships and just came back few months ago. Yoshiro’s father helped him for putting up the music store in Ochanomizu.
“You’re an impressive guy Yoshiro-san but why didn’t you decide to sing professionally?” I asked him after he told me his brief history. “I’m more like a behind the curtains kind of a guy. I’m not really comfortable being on the spotlight.” Yoshiro answered shyly. He took another sip of the drink and put the glass back on the table.
“You’re a very interesting guy.” I muttered, supporting my chin with my palm while my elbow resting on the table. “You’re also a very interesting girl.” Yoshiro mimicked me. “I think I like you Mami.”

~~~

AUTHOR’S POV
Yoshiro decided to accompany Mami home because she’s now obviously drunk. Good thing that she’s still conscious enough to tell the driver of the taxi her address. They finally arrived at the address they gave earlier. It was a fairly large condominium building in Azabujuban.
Yoshiro lead, or more like dragged, Mami into the building. He was relieved that there were no more people around the lobby and elevator because it was already one in the morning. Yoshiro is now struggling to hold onto Mami because she constantly tries to push him away and stand up by herself though she’s not able to do so. Yoshiro sighed in relief when she said that they already arrived at her condo unit.
“Thank you, Shiro-chan.” Mami thanked him while she digs for her keys in her bag. “Did you just give me a nickname?” Yoshiro asked in an amused tone. “You amazed me every single time Mami.” He added and chuckled. Mami stopped looking for the keys and faces Yoshiro.
“You’ve been doing this to me the entire night. Making me blush and feel embarrassed by the things you say. I’ve been constantly hiding my flustered face for you not to notice but when you’re the one blushing, you don’t even bother to make an effort hiding it. You’re being unfair Shiro-chan.” She suddenly snaked her arms around Yoshiro’s neck. Mami then leaned closer and kisses him.
The both of them didn’t move an inch for a moment. Mami was starting to get scared of being rejected because of her sudden action. Yoshiro slowly drops his hands then holds Mami’s waist and starts to kiss her back.
They didn’t know how long they were standing there but Yoshiro decided to break the kiss. They are breathing heavily, almost panting. “Please be my girlfriend.” Yoshiro stares at Mami’s eyes pleadingly. She didn’t answer, instead she kisses him again but this time deeply, lustful even.
Yoshiro didn’t know how Mami managed to open the door but she did. They continued kissing while entering the unit, making a lot of noise and almost stumbling on the process. Mami drops her bag on the floor after she took off her shoes. Yoshiro also followed taking his shoes off.
Yoshiro pinned her on the wall and he moves his left hand up and started caressing Mami’s cheek. Her arms are still wrapping around Yoshiro’s neck. His right hand grabs her waist pulling her to his body. They continued making out on the doorway.
“I was expecting a drunk Mami but not a making-out-with-someone-I-don’t-know Mami.”  Haruna is standing near the hallway leading to the living room with her arms crossed against her chest. She glares at them with an irritated expression. The couple broke out from their kiss but still holding each other close. Stunned by the moment, the only action that they manage to do is stare at Haruna with blank faces.
“I could guess that Mamitasu enjoyed her dinner date, or should I say, still enjoying her dinner date.” Tomomi slyly commented. She was standing near the coffee table while Rina is giggling behind Haruna while peeking at the scene in the doorway.
Yoshiro and Mami look at each other and finally move away. Mami is still leaning on the wall. She decided not to move because she still feels dizzy and she’s afraid that might stumble. Yoshiro, on the other hand, is clearly panicking because he is constantly looking up and down, trailing his vision to everyone. Mami finds his action very cute.
“Yoshiro-san...” Mami called out softly. “Y-yes!” Yoshiro stuttered. “Can you help walk to the sofa in the living room?” She pointed at the visible sofa in the living room. He nodded and stands by her side. Yoshiro took Mami’s left arm and slings it around his neck. He then suddenly reaches to her legs and princess carried her.
Mami’s face is now bright red. “W-what are you doing?” She exclaimed while the other members stood there shocked by Yoshiro’s action. “It’s easier this way. I hate dragging you to the sofa.” He answered seriously but a sly smile appears on his face. “Plus, seeing you react this way is one priceless moment.” He added in amusement.
When Yoshiro is now standing in front of the sofa, he slowly puts Mami down. She is still blushing and it seems like her drunkenness was flushed out from her system. Yoshiro straighten out himself and smiled to the stunned girls. “I’m very sorry for the disturbance. I think I’ll take my leave for now.” He made some fast strides exiting the living room but Haruna blocks the path causing him to forcibly stop.
“You’re not going anywhere wise guy.” Haruna mocked while glaring at Yoshiro with intent to kill, not caring about their wide height difference. “We want to ask you some questions, if you don’t mind?” Rina clasped her hands on Haruna’s shoulders trying to calm her. The girls are well aware that Haruna didn’t find the scene earlier amusing.
“Please stay for a while...” Tomomi trailed off gesturing Yoshiro to tell her his name. “Yoshiro, I’m Nakashima Yoshiro.” He answered. “Right, you can sit here Yoshiro-san.” She pats at the couch behind her. Yoshiro bows to Haruna before making his way to the couch and sits obediently.
The rest of the members also decided to sit down with Mami and their unexpected guest. Haruna is sitting across Yoshiro while glaring menacingly at him. Tomomi is sitting in between Mami, to her left, and Rina, to her right. Yoshiro is now regretting why he didn’t sit near Mami. He’s pretty sure that he needed support from her for what is about to come.
“Before you people start interrogating him, you need to know beforehand that he owns the hybrid Gretsch White Falcon which I brought in the practice the other day.” Mami broke the dragging heavy silence in the room. All eyes are on Yoshiro with surprised look plastered on their faces. “Are you serious?” Tomomi squeaked.
Haruna composed herself from being shocked and glared back at Yoshiro. “I don’t care about that guitar. I want to know who you are.” She said directing it to Yoshiro. He chuckled smugly and smirked. “Is there something you find funny that you can share with us?” Haruna mocked angrily. “Stop it Haru! Mind your manners. He’s still our guest.” Rina scolded her.
Haruna flicked her tongue and turns her head away. “I’m sorry. I’m just glad that Mami have such caring and protective friends.” Yoshiro muttered softly. The band seems to be embarrassed by Yoshiro’s compliment because they just stayed silent.
“And to answer Ono-san, I’m Nakashima Yoshiro and, yes, I own the hybrid White Falcon. I’m also the one who customized it.” They stare at him in awe. “I own a music store in Ochanomizu which where I met Mami for the first time. I admit that I trapped her to go on a date with me but I already apologized earlier and I hope that she has forgiven me already.” He added.
“She already did Yoshiro-san, trust me.” Tomomi commented and smiled shrewdly to Mami. She hits the back of Tomomi’s head but not hard enough to cause pain. Rina and Tomomi just laughed at Mami’s action because they knew that she’s embarrassed.
Mami coughed softly getting everyone’s attention. She took turns in looking at everyone. From Haruna, to Tomomi, then Rina and lastly Yoshiro. She then gives him a warm smile. “Yoshiro is also now my boyfriend.”

Chapter 6
June 15, 2014
AUTHOR’S POV
“Stop, stop, stop!” Eisuke, Scandal’s manager, shouted while waving his hands over his head. “That’s the 8th time, Mami! Seriously, tell me, are you having some problems?” He puts his hand on his waist as he faces Mami. She just looked down on the floor and endures Eisuke’s death glare. The three other members are trying their best not to laugh and not make him mad. Unfortunately, he noticed the actions of the three other girls.
“Can anyone tell me what the hell is happening?” Eisuke asked in a furious tone. “Why are you suppressing your laughter while that one is all gloomy and down?” He is now facing Tomomi who is closest to him. Tomomi flinched but still trying her best not to laugh. She then took a peek on Mami who is on the other side of the studio. “I’m sorry Ei-chan but I think I’m not the one who should answer that question.” Tomomi answered.
“Tomo-chan is right Ei-chan. Besides if Mami-chan really has a problem, I think it’s related from what happened last night.” Rina added while giggling. Haruna scoffed and crosses her arms. “What Mami said last night was really mature.” She added more salt to Mami’s open wound.
Mami shot her head up and scans everyone looking distress. Eisuke walked towards Mami and stares at her suspiciously. She avoided his gaze and looks to the window. “What is this about Mami?” Eisuke asked her in his unusual serious tone. Mami slowly turns her head facing Eisuke but avoiding direct eye contact. “It’s about a guy.” She mumbled in a low voice. Her mouth was near the microphone so her answer echoed inside the studio which was still heard by the other members.
The trio burst out laughing after Mami answered. Tomomi is now, literally, rolling on the floor while Rina is banging her drums. Haruna is holding her stomach while laughing. Eisuke just stood there in front of her stunned.
“A GUY??!!!” Eisuke exclaimed exaggeratedly losing his previous composure. The other members laughed harder. Mami was now annoyed by their unnecessary laughter. “Aren’t you three finished laughing? You seem to be enjoying my humiliation, aren’t you?” She said sarcastically. Their laughter finally settled down and now saying sorry to Mami. “I’m sorry Mami but it’s not every day that we’re able to make fun of you. We’re just enjoying the rare moment.” Haruna answered in amusement by Mami’s reaction.
Then suddenly Mami’s phone starts to ring which is placed beside with the other members’ phones. Everyone looks to its direction. Haruna peeks at the screen. “Nakashima Yoshiro” She reads the caller ID loudly. Mami’s eyes widened and flinched when she heard Haruna. “Speaking of the devil…” Rina commented slyly.
“Quick Haru-chan, grab Mamitasu before she gets her phone.” Tomomi exclaimed when she noticed Mami slowly making her way to the phone. Haruna reacted quickly and blocks Mami. Mami struggled to get pass through Haruna but failed because their guitars might hit each other. Eisuke took the phone on the table and reads the caller ID.
“Don’t answer it Ei-chan.” Mami pleaded. “So, this is the guy, eh?” Eisuke retorted emphasizing ‘the guy’. He answers the call and put it in loud speaker.
“Moshi moshi? Mami? Do you have some time today?” Yoshiro mumbled on the other side of the line. “Are you the guy who was with Mami last night?” Eisuke answered while giving Mami a mischievous grin. There was a moment of silence. “Y-yes, I w-was with her last n-night.” Yoshiro answered stuttering. Everyone, except Mami, made a stifled laughter.
“Go immediately to the address that will be sent to you after this call.” Eisuke suddenly hangs up and starts typing. “W-what are you doing, Ei-chan?” Mami asked. He just looks at her with a poker face. “I’m texting him the address of the studio.” Eisuke answered in his usual laid back tone.
“Oh, are you going to interrogate him, Ei-chan?” Rina curiously asked. Eisuke just nodded and smiles after sending Yoshiro the address. “This is going to be interesting.” Tomomi commented gleefully while clapping her hands.
Mami melted on the floor. She’s now sitting with both of her feet on her left side and her Jazzmaster resting on her lap. She stared blankly in front and started to giggle softly. “Ei-chan, I think you just broke Mami.” Haruna said while she’s waving her hand in front of Mami’s face. Eisuke puts the phone back to its previous position and crosses his arms. “If she’s reacting that way, then it’s giving me more reason why I want to talk to this guy.”

~~~

Yoshiro is now front of a building in Shibuya. This was the address that was sent to him using Mami’s phone. He’s now getting nervous and his knees are starting to shake.
Yoshiro wanted to talk to Mami, to clear everything and to confirm that all of it wasn’t a dream; that something really happened last night. He hesitantly enters the building. The address says that it’s on the third floor of the building. He found a staircase leading upstairs and made his way up.
It seems like all the rooms in the third floor are music studios because he can hear a barely audible sound of drums inside. Yoshiro suddenly stops in front of a door with a number two written on it. He checks the address in his phone again. “I think this is the one.” He mumbled to himself.
The door suddenly opens. Yoshiro jumped in surprise and backs away from the door. “Yoshiro-san?” A chipmunky voice speaks to him. It was Tomomi standing by the door. “You’re here, come inside.” She pulls Yoshiro inside. “I’ll come back later. I really need to use the girls’ room.” Tomomi closed the door in panic.
Yoshiro slowly turns around and stops when he’s now facing everyone in the studio. He saw Rina sitting in front of her drum set and Haruna standing in the middle of the room with a guitar slung on her. He also saw a man sitting in the corner to his right side. And finally, Yoshiro saw Mami, her back facing him, playing her guitar. It was easy to tell if it’s her because of her blonde hair.
YOSHIRO’S POV
I was definitely drunk last night. I can’t find any courage to speak to them again, so I just bowed as an initial greeting. The guy in the corner suddenly stands up from his chair and makes his way to me. “I’m assuming that you’re Nakashima Yoshiro-san.” He extends his right hand to me. “I’m Eisuke, the manager of Scandal. Nice to meet you.” Eisuke added. “Yes, I’m Nakashima Yoshiro. It’s nice to meet you too, Eisuke-san.” I gladly shake his hand as I answered him.
“It’s good to see you, Suzuki-san, Ono-san.” I greeted both the members who are facing me. “Good to see you too, Yoshiro-san. Please call me Rina.” Suzuki Rina greeted me. “Surprisingly, it’s also good to see you. Just call me Haruna.” Ono Haruna greeted me in monotone. Looks like she hasn’t forgotten what happened last night.
“I’m back!” Ogawa Tomomi blurted as she walks inside the studio. “Thank you for letting me in earlier, Ogawa-san.” I bowed to her. “Ehh?! No it’s okay. Besides, you were in the way, I needed you to move. Oh, you can call me Tomomi, by the way.” She giggled after answering.
And now, there’s only one last person that I need to greet. Unfortunately Mami is still not facing us. I unconsciously stared at her. “Oi, Sasazaki! Our guest is here. Why won’t you greet him?” Haruna spoke on the microphone which sounds like she’s yelling. Mami flinched from Haruna’s loud voice.
Mami stands up and puts her guitar away. She then stares at me in blank expression and walks towards us. Her blank expression changed into a serious one when she walks closer. Mami stops three feet away in front of me. She then suddenly kicks my shin, hard, and it felt like a large amount of electric current flowed all over my body. I screamed in pain while holding the part where she kicked me. “Why did you even bother to come here?” Mami asked me furiously.
I did deserve that kick. After what I did last night, it was totally understandable. I lost my balance and feel on the floor, and I hit my shoulder on a cabinet beside me, on the process. “That was a nice kick Mami.” Haruna commented while patting Mami’s left shoulder. “I won’t complain about the kick or whatever you’ll do but I need Mami to hear me for at least five minutes.” I forced myself to get up.
“And why would I even listen to you after humiliating me last night?” Mami retorted in anger. My heart sank when I heard her say that. I didn’t want her to feel that way. It was never my intention. I was just too shocked of the idea of me being her boyfriend.
It felt like I was in a dream. I end up leaving their condo unit without saying a single word after Mami declared our new relationship status. I wandered around the neighborhood while still sober from alcohol and the next thing I know is that I’m standing in front of my house.
“Because I haven’t told you what I felt about our dinner last night.” I said in my most calm tone that I could still afford. “Before things will get out of hand, I need to interrogate you first.” Eisuke puts his hand firmly on my shoulder. He started clenching it and I’m starting to feel pain on my shoulder.
“I want the three of you to calm her down.” Eisuke directed Haruna, Tomomi and Rina. They nodded and lead Mami to the other side of the studio. At first she was refusing but end up agreeing when Haruna flicked her forehead. I smiled to myself seeing Mami making those cute reactions. My attention is suddenly diverted to Eisuke who just coughed.
“They told me what happened last night after you accompanied Mami home.” Eisuke muttered. Cold sweat slowly drips from my temple. I hope they didn’t tell him about the doorway scene. “On how you suddenly left after Mami said that you are her new boyfriend. As a guy, I find it hilarious but as a manager of Scandal, I find infuriating. Those girls are like my little sisters. So there’s no way that I’m letting you date Mami after last night’s incident.” He said while glaring at me.
“Eisuke-san, with all due respect, you don’t have any right from stopping me what I want to do. You don’t even know me.” I answered him keeping my cool intact. “Let’s get to know you then.” Eisuke smirked.
“What’s your name again?” He asked.
“Nakashima Yoshiro”
“Age” He continued.
“I’m twenty-four.”
“Where are you from?”
“I was born in Osaka but lived with my grandparents in America until I reached in high school.”
“Did you go to college?”
“Yes, I went to Tokyo University under the course of Musicology.”
“Do you currently have a job?”
“I own a music shop in Ochanomizu that specialize instrument customization.”
“Criminal records?”
“None”
“Family background?”
I stared at Eisuke contemplating if I should answer his last question. “I’m sorry but my family background is kinda complicated and I don’t to talk about it.” I finally gave him an answer after a couple moments of silence. He narrows his eyes before giving me a response.
“Fine, I won’t bother you with your family issues. So we came from the same university. You must be very smart for making into the Musicology course. It’s one of the hardest courses in the College of Music. What is your GPA in the entrance exam?” Eisuke said in a casual tone.
“I forgot my actual score but they said that I was ranked one of the top 10 in the entrance exam of Tokyo U.” I replied in a shy way.
“What do you mean by ‘they said’? You didn’t check your own score?”
“I was back in America that time. I was visiting my grandparents. So my friend checked it for me.”
“Where in Ochanomizu is your shop?”
“Three blocks away from the station. Oh, by the way, I was the one who customized the hybrid White Falcon which Mami brought in practice a few days ago. She said that their manager really liked the sound that it makes. Thank you for appreciating.” I bowed to him in gratitude. Eisuke widens his small eyes. “What? You did that? Sugoi!!!” He then constantly pats, or more like slaps, my back.
The four members snap their attention to Eisuke and eyed the both of us suspiciously. Eisuke then suddenly slings his arm around my shoulder and leads me to the band members. His sudden change of heart gave me a boost of courage to talk to Mami again. I just hope that it won’t suddenly deplete before I could say everything I want to say.
“Yoshiro-san is really a cool guy. You should hear what he has to say, Mami.” All of our jaws dropped. I just can’t believe what I just heard. Five minutes ago he was like, ‘There’s no way I’m letting you date Mami.’ And now, ‘Yoshiro-san is really a cool guy.’
“Are you serious Ei-chan?” Haruna muttered in disbelief. “But you said earlier that you’ll strangle him after talking to him.” Tomomi added. My courage gauge was suddenly depleted in half. “That was earlier Tomo. You shouldn’t judge the book by its cover.” Eisuke answered proudly. “I don’t want to hear that from you Ei-chan.” Rina commented while crossing her arms.
Eisuke chuckled while scratching the back of his head. “Anyways, let’s go grab some lunch. I’m starting to get hungry.” He muttered randomly. “Ehh?!” All of us exclaimed, even Mami who was silent the entire conversation.
“Haru, Rina, Tomo, come with me.” Eisuke walks towards the door. “What about me?” Mami asked worriedly. “The two of you will talk. The three of you, let’s go.” He answered while exiting the studio. The trio hesitantly followed him, especially Haruna.
AUTHOR’S POV
Mami and Yoshiro are now alone in the studio. Mami doesn’t want to talk to him. “Can I sit here?” Yoshiro pointed at a chair near the mirrored wall. “Do whatever you like. Oh, wait, you already did.” Mami answered sarcastically. Yoshiro sighed before sitting. He can still feel some pain on his shin that Mami kicked earlier but he knows better than complaining.
He leans his back to the chair but felt a sudden sting when the lower part of his shoulder touched the chair’s surface. Yoshiro’s hiss caught Mami’s attention then her eyes widened. She can see that Yoshiro’s shirt has a small tear and a blood stain on it from the reflection of the mirror. “Yoshiro, what happened to your back?” Mami’s motherly instinct kicks in. She immediately makes her way to her bag and took out a small bag.
“Lift your shirt so I can clean it easily.” Mami ordered Yoshiro after sitting to a chair near him. He looked puzzled on her actions but then understood when he felt a torn part of his shirt while he tried pulling up the right side. Mami looks at the nasty scratch on his back. She wasn’t expecting to be that big because the tear from his shirt was just small. “When did you get this?” She asked calmly.
“I’m not sure, maybe when I lost my balance earlier. I think my back hit something during the fall.” Yoshiro responded casually. A cold liquid touched has skin but the cold was instantly changed into an unbearable sting. “AHHH!!!” Yoshiro yelled. Mami poured clinical alcohol to his wound. Yoshiro was about to complain but he remembered what he said that doesn’t care what they’ll to him as long as Mami will hear him out.
“Mami, I’m really sorry about last night. It was never my intention for you to feel that way.” Yoshiro mumbled. Mami paused for a moment before wiping the clinical alcohol with a ball of cotton. She didn’t answer him. “You don’t to have clean that. It’s just a scratch, it’s no big deal.” He suggested but Mami pressed the cotton on the wound causing him to hiss in pain again. Silence fills in the room.
Mami just continued cleaning Yoshiro’s wound on his back. She felt guilty because it was partially her fault. She kicked him causing him to loose balance and fell to the floor. Mami wanted to say sorry but she doesn’t want to ride guilt trip train. She thought that Yoshiro deserves it anyway.
“Last night was not a dream, right?” Yoshiro finally broke the silence after Mami cleaning his wound. “Do you want it to be so you can just wake up from this nightmare?” She muttered in a sarcastic tone. He feverishly shakes his head and looks Mami in the eyes. “It’s the opposite. Actually I haven’t slept.” Yoshiro answered in a tired manner and turns his body to face her. Mami now noticed his eyes are a little bit red and the puffy eye bags.
“I was too afraid to sleep because it might end up a real dream. I didn’t want to realize in the morning that I was only a dreaming. The view of you from the stage, the sound of your laughter, your odd way of chewing your food, your stubbornness when you’re drunk, your weight while I’m dragging you, the last thing that you said to me before entering your house and especially the feel of your lips to mine. Mami I might go insane if all those were just scenes from my dream.” Yoshiro unconsciously caresses Mami’s cheeks.
“Then, why did you suddenly left?” Her face is now blushing from what he just said. Yoshiro sighed after seeing pain in her eyes. He explained to Mami why he left and what happened to him after he left. “I think I was really drunk last night that my brain malfunctioned.” Yoshiro joked while now cupping Mami’s cheeks with both of his hands. They both chuckled at his joke. “I understand if you changed your mind and won’t continue dating me. I just want you to know what I feel for you.” Yoshiro gazes at Mami’s eyes intensely as if he’s melting her inside.
The next thing he knew that he’s now kissing Mami. She gladly returns the action and kisses him deeper. “You always…say and…do unfair…things…Shiro-chan.” Mami said in between their kisses.
Yoshiro smiled and suddenly yanks Mami’s body upward making her to stand up. He pinned her to the mirrored wall. Both of them are now standing. “This scene feels like déjà vu.” Mami commented when they broke the kiss to breathe some air. “Does it? Let me kiss you again to check.” Yoshiro answered with his sweet innocent tone. He kissed Mami again but this time he french kissed her.
Their hands are now exploring each other’s body. Mami pulls Yoshiro’s hair making him to kiss her deeper. He slides his right hand under Mami’s blouse and caresses her skin but carefully not touching her breasts. Yoshiro then started to trail his kisses on Mami’s neck and made his way back to her lips. Their actions are starting to get rough.
Then a loud thud was heard in the studio room. “Seriously the two of you, I already caught you twice and now one of you even managed to strip off his shirt.” Haruna was on the door standing with the other members and Eisuke behind her.
Mami pushed Yoshiro gently to check if he’s still wearing his shirt and to her surprise he wasn’t. “When did you take your shirt off?” She asked him in amazement. “Just before I pinned you to the wall. You seriously didn’t notice it?” Yoshiro answered teasingly.
“I’m starting to regret leaving the two of you alone.” Eisuke commented with a disappointed look on his face. “You said that we need to leave them alone so Yoshiro-san and Mamitasu can talk. Well they actually managed to talk but they did more than that though.” Tomomi with her green jokes. “Shut up Timo.” Mami shot her a cold glare.
Yoshiro picked his shirt on the floor and wore it back. “Here are your lunch love birds.” Rina handed two packed bento boxes to them. “Come on, let’s eat together.” She added. Yoshiro took the bento boxes and thanked her. Rina walks back to the rest of the group.
“Mami, I hope you can now play well this time. I’m really gonna hit you in the head if you’ll make another lousy mistake.” Eisuke threatened Mami before he opens his bento. Yoshiro gave her a puzzled look. “You were the reason that I can’t play well.” Mami answered his silent question. “Well I’m sorry for being in your head all the time. Let me feed you make up for it.” Yoshiro flirted.
“These people are giving me goose bumps in a bad way.” Haruna cringed while looking at the couple. Everyone laughed from Haruna’s reaction.

~~~

YOSHIRO’S POV
I am now standing outside the studio room with Mami. Everything is alright with us now. We are officially dating and it feels like a foot long nail was pulled out from my heart. I can finally go home and rest. “Please sleep and rest when you’re home, Shiro-chan.” Mami said with a motherly tone. “I really love on how you call me Shiro-chan. You’re the first one to call me by that name.” I answered while smiling at her.
She obviously blushed and slaps my arm. I just laughed at her action although Mami hits like a man. “Call me later if you’re done with the practice. I’ll pick you up.” I sound now all mature. “You don’t have to. We’ll probably finish late tonight because we have a show tomorrow.” She also sounds mature with her answer. “Now go home. I’ll just text you later, okay?” Mami added as if she’s a mother sending her child to school alone for the first time. “Fine, I’ll wait for your text.” I retorted in disappointment.
“Now leave, we still have to practice.” Mami was starting to get annoyed. We said our good byes for today. I slowly walk away from the studio after Mami went inside when I heard Haruna calling me. I immediately walked back. “I forgot to tell you something earlier Yoshiro-san.” She muttered in a serious tone. “What is it Haruna-san?” I smiled trying to lessen the building tension.
Haruna punched me square on my diaphragm. I almost puked my lunch because of the impact. I never thought that a woman as small as Haruna is capable of giving a blow like that. “That was my version of Mami’s kick earlier.” Haruna said angrily at me. “Do that to her again and you won’t be able to see the sunrise ever again.” She threatened.
“You don’t have to tell me that Haruna-san.” I answered sarcastically. “But I want to say sorry to you.” I added. She gave me a puzzled look. “What are you apologizing for?” Haruna curiously asked.
“I’m sorry for snatching Mami away.”
Chapter 7
April 4, 2014; Friday
MAMI’S POV
“Where are we going again?” I asked in a tired manner. Rina just huffed, who is sitting beside Haruna in front, answering my question. “We’re going to the party that the staffs prepared for you.” The four of us are now in the car. Tomomi and I are at the back seat and Haruna is the one who’s driving. Tomomi is pointing at things outside the window and tells me what it is. She’s really hyper active tonight. She was not like this earlier at the apartment.
“Tomo, you’re starting to get noisy. I can’t concentrate on driving.” Haruna finally decided to shut Tomomi up. “I was just showing Mamitasu around.” Tomomi retorted and pouted. “It doesn’t sound like that way Timo. You sounded more like you’re fan girling over the buildings that we passed by.” I commented clearly trying to tease her. “I wonder if the buildings look like food in Tomo-chan’s eyes.” Rina added.
All of us laughed, well except for Tomomi. She seemed to be pissed off because we’re ganging up on her. “I hate you guys. You always bully me.” She pouted even more and we laughed at her even more. “Well, you’re giving us reasons to bully you, Timo. I thought, for over five years that’s missing from me that you would eventually grow up. Well I still like the childish Timo though.” I pat her head wanting to comfort her.
Tomomi smiled at me and gives me a hug. “This is the reason why I want to marry you. I love you, Mamitasu.” She muttered while tightening her hug to me. “I love you too, Timo but can you get off me. I can’t breathe.” I managed to speak while tapping on her back. “Stop that, Tomo. We’re almost there.” Haruna said coldly.
Tomomi moves away from me. “I’m sorry Mamitasu.” She then let out a small laugh. “It’s okay Timo, just don’t strangle me to death next time.” I replied while catching my breath. The rest of the ride was buried in silence.
It seems like Haruna had change a bit over the five years. I used to remember her as a very shy and a reserve person even around when the four of us are together. I noticed that Haruna speaks most of her mind now than I remembered. Well that was expected from her. She really likes to push herself more in order to improve. Haruna had become a very great front man and eldest sister of the band.
“Oh, we’re here.” Rina muttered upon our arriving at the location. Haruna turned off the engine first before we all went out the car. A calming breeze hits my face as I got out. The wind of the mid spring always feels great. It’s not too cold and not too hot either. I raised my head tried to look for the stars in the sky but to my disappointment I didn’t see any.
I was startled when Haruna suddenly clings to my arm. “Let’s go inside Mami. I think they are already waiting for us.” She gave me her reassuring smile that always makes me calm. “Let’s go then. We can’t make them wait any longer.” I replied to her.
“Oi, no fair, Haru-chan! Why are you clinging onto Mamitasu?” Tomomi squealed while pouting her lips. “Pipe down Tomo-chan. I’ll do you a favor and be your escort tonight.” Rina retorted at the sulking Tomomi. Tomomi then decided to grab Rina’s hand. She walks towards me and said, “I’ll make you jealous Mamitasu.” They made some quick strides to the building few meters away from where we parked the car. Rina just laughed at Tomomi’s childish outburst.
“Feels like that none of you had changed over the years. Well except for you though.” I commented softly. Haruna tilted her head to the side and gave me a curious look. “What do you mean?” She asked. I look at her to my side and smiled before answering her question. “You seemed have grown stronger from what I could remember. The Haru I knew used to be too shy to say her opinions to other people. Back then, you’re having a hard time to control Timo and my craziness but now you already tamed her and it kinda scares me.”
Haruna’s eyes widened and she laughed softly. “You too did change Mami. The before-the-accident you are not as naïve as you were five years ago. What you said just now proves it.” She muttered with a smile on her face. “Am I really that naïve?” I asked in disbelief. Haruna just laughed and pulls me towards the building that Rina and Tomomi just went into a second ago.
We’re climbing to the stairs going up to the third floor of the building. They said that the party is inside one of the music studio room in the floor. “Why is the party being held inside the studio?” I asked curiously.
“Ei-chan said that it could be good for you because we usually practice in that studio. The familiarity of the place might give you a fast recovery of your memories.” Rina is the one who answered my question. “Really? I thought he’s just being cheap because the company is paying for the place.” Tomomi commented. “You could say that it’s one of his top of reasons why.” All of us laughed at Rina’s response.
I remembered Ei-chan visiting me when I was still in the hospital. He’s really a funny guy but Rina warned me about him because his looks can be deceiving. She said that despite of his sweet and calm expression he can be very strict and scary sometimes. Haruna also said that Tomomi and I sometimes give him headaches from making some trouble in the past.
We finally arrived at a door with a number two written on it. “Come on, let’s go inside. I want to eat. I’m already starving.” Tomomi said excitedly. Grabs the door knob and twists it to open the door. “No, Tomo-chan, wait! You’ll…” Rina’s warning was cut off when an explosion was heard and Tomomi got hit by confettis on her face. She squealed in surprise.
“WELCOME BACK MAMI!!!” The people inside the studio shouted at Tomomi. Haruna, Rina and I just stood there in surprise of what just happened. “Muuu!!! What was that for?” Tomomi exclaimed at the staffs in the room. “Why are the one who opened the door, Tomo? I thought I said to you that Mami should be the one to open it.” Ei-chan mumbled furiously at Tomomi while placing both his hands on his hips.
“I told to you to wait but you didn’t listen.” Rina shakes her head at Tomomi’s action. “You’re warning is a bit late Rina-chan. You can’t really blame Timo’s slow reflexes.” I walk inside the room and stop at Tomomi’s side. “You shouldn’t get over excited with food Timo. Chaos follows when you do that.” I started taking off the confetti that got stuck at Tomomi’s hair while secretly suppressing my laughter.
Rina and Haruna are also trying their best not to burst out laughing. When Tomomi finally noticed our hidden actions and gets the hint that we are making fun of her. The three of us burst out laughing. “So Mami always had this way of making fun of people.” One the staff muttered. “The three of you had been ganging up on me ever since where in the car.” Tomomi is clearly pissed off at the three of us.
“Now, now Tomo-chan. We’re sorry. You just look cute when you make those expressions.” Haruna pinched Tomomi red cheeks. Yeah, I think Tomomi is blushing from embarrassment. She then swats Haruna’s hand and walks to where the food are placed.
“I think we went too far.” Rina muttered worriedly. “Don’t worry about Tomo. She’ll eventually be alright once her stomach is full.” Ei-chan made an assuring smile to us, and then he hugs me tightly. “Good to see you that you’re not wearing that horrible gown anymore.” He then pats my head. I blushed slightly from an unusual gesture I’m receiving.
“Arigatou” I bowed at Ei-chan after he patted my head. He just laughed loudly. “I remembered the first time I met you girls. Mami exactly did the same thing after I patted her head.” Ei-chan continued laughing and my blush became redder than before. “Geez Ei-chan, you’re making Mami feel awkward.” Haruna decided to butt in. “Come on, Mami. Let’s meet the rest of the staff.” She ushered me towards the group of people inside the room.
People introduced their selves to me. Some of them told me that they’ve been working alongside with the band since our major debut. Some also just started working with us since our last tour back in January. I also met our makeup artists and hairstylists.
After all those long introductions, they finally decided to eat. I kept looking at Tomomi sitting at the other side of the room. I’m worried that she’s really mad at us because of what we did earlier. Tomomi is a very sensitive person so I make sure that I don’t tease her too much but I think we really went too far earlier.  
I decided to go to Tomomi eating cheerfully with one of our staffs, which I forgot her name, and talking to her about the food. “Timo, what are you eating? Can I try some?” I asked her trying to look cute. I know cute things are one of Tomomi’s weaknesses. “Hmmpf! Go take some for yourself over there.” She pointed at the table where the foods are placed while not looking at me.
I think I need to use my secret weapon. This always works when she’s upset at me. Well that was five years ago, I do hope that this still works. I grabbed a chair and sat beside her.
“But I want to taste yours Timo.” I pouted at her.
“Don’t disturb me Mamitasu. I’m eating.” She waves her free hand trying to shoo me away. The staff just smiled in amusement at us.
“Ne, Timo.” I tugged the sleeve of her blouse.
“What?” Tomomi shot a glance at me.
“Feed me.” It amazed me that I was able to say that and I think Tomomi was too. Her expression is starting to get soft. She immediately brings her attention to back her plate. It looks like my secret weapon is working. “Eat by yourself Mamitasu.” She said coldly while obviously taking glances at me.
“But I want you to feed me.” I pouted and open my mouth. “No” Tomomi sighed before answering me. “Onegai, Timo.” I did my puppy dog eyes and pouted my lips even more. She eyed me and her face finally made a soft expression. “You’re so cute Mamitasu.” Tomomi smiles brightly and pinches my cheeks.
“Itte… Timo, it hurts.” I acted as if I was hurt by Tomomi’s pinch. “I’m sorry Mamitasu. Here you can eat this.” She picked an tottori(kind of sushi) from her plate and offers it to me. “Say ahh Mamitasu.” She muttered and I obediently opened my mouth. Before I ate the tottori, I gave Tomomi a smug look and her eyes widened realizing that she fell into my trap.
“Wow Mami-chan. You finally managed to make Tomo-chan feed you.” Rina came to us with an astounded look on her face. I gave her a thumb up with triumphant look on my face while chewing the tottori that Tomomi just fed me. “Mission accomplished!” I exclaimed after swallowing the food. “Ehh?!” Tomomi looked between me and Rina with her cute puzzled look.
“Here Tomo, this is our peace offering to you.” Haruna placed a platter of sweets on the table near Tomomi. “We’re sorry that we made fun of you earlier.” She added. Tomomi flushed at Haruna’s apology and looks down at the platter of sweets. “We didn’t mean to make fun of you Tomo-chan. It’s just that you really look cute when your lips pout, we can’t help it.” Rina pinched Tomomi’s cheek softly.
I could clearly see that Tomomi flushed even more. “Are we forgiven, Timo?” I asked her. She became silent for couple of moment. Tomomi then raised her head to face me. She’s all teary eyed. I think she’s trying not to cry. Tomomi suddenly hugged me. “I’m sorry Mamitasu.” Her out of place apology made me chuckle and then I hugged her back.
“Oi, why is Mami the only one who gets a hug?” Haruna complained at Tomomi. “Yeah, it’s not fair, Tomo-chan.” Rina added. Tomomi release me from the hug. She stood up and hugged both Haruna and Rina at the same time.
The three of them were holding each other for a while when Rina and Haruna made bitter expressions before Tomomi released them from the hug. “It’s okay now Tomo.” Haruna rubs Tomomi’s back trying to calm her down and to stop crying. She’s crying? Why is she crying? Did we make her feel that bad earlier?
“I’m okay Mamitasu.” Tomomi said while sniffling softly. She really knows me very well. “If you say so, Timo.” I smiled at her.
The people around us suddenly started clapping and cheering at us. I looked at everyone in confusion and then look at those three in front of me with a triumphant look. “That was a good show girls.” Ei-chan high fived Rina, Tomomi and Haruna and then he put his arm around Haruna’s shoulder. Their action is making me more confuse from what is happening.
“1, 2, 3… Mami prank mission accomplished!” Everyone shouted in chorus and clapped loudly. That’s when everything is starting to make sense now. “What the hell is this?” I shouted at them while covering my face with both of my hands. I looked like an idiot earlier. “When did the prank start?” I asked them, my hands are still covering my face.
“It started when I scolded Tomo in the car earlier.” Haruna answered. I abruptly pulled my hand away and look at her wide eyed. “What? Oh my GOD!!! This is freaking embarrassing!” I can feel my cheeks heat up from embarrassment. Tomomi moves towards me and she hugged me again. “I’m sorry Mamitasu. It was Ei-chan’s fault. He made me do it.” She then pointed at Ei-chan. Everyone just laughed at Tomomi’s complain.
“But I‘m really happy that you did that just to make me feel better. Thank you Mamitasu.” Tomomi tighten her hug. Her hug made me calm down. I smack Tomomi’s head. “You’re so mean Timo. I was really worried at you.” I grumbled at her.
“We’re sorry Mami-chan. Everyone said that it could be a best way to welcome you back so you won’t forget this day that we made a prank on you.” Rina smiled brightly. “We have one more surprise to show you by the way but that’ll be later after we finish eating.” Haruna muttered as she puts her hand on my shoulder.

~~~

After eating they blindfolded me and me sit somewhere in the room which I obviously don’t have any idea where. I’m starting to get scared than excited. Surprises that involved blindfolds don’t always end up good for someone who’s in wearing one, which is me. “You can take off your blindfold now Mami.” It’s Haruna’s voice that I heard.
I shake my head. “I’m not taking it off. I’m not sure there’s nothing in front of me that might cause me to faint. I don’t want to take that risk.” I said while waving my hands. “We’re not that cruel Mami. Just take off the blindfold for you to find out.” I heard laughter and Ei-chan’s voice echoing. Is he talking with a microphone? It got me curious so I decided to take off the blindfold.
When my eyes finally adjusted to the bright light in the studio after taking off my blindfold I saw the others members in front me. Ei-chan is also with them. They are holding their instruments while Ei-chan is holding an acoustic guitar. The other staffs are at the side of studio. “What’s the meaning of this?” I asked.
Haruna moves closer to the microphone. “We’ll play a song from our last album. This song means a lot to the four us because it’s a story of our journey.” She answered. “Haruna wrote the lyrics and you composed the music.” Tomomi this time continued. “We think that this would be the best song to play.” Rina was the last one to speak.
They started to play the song. I was a bit surprised by how they play. They obviously improved a lot over the years specially Rina. I could still remember how I taught her the basics of playing the drums. Haruna is playing the lead part and Ei-chan on the rhythm. Tomomi is also playing some parts that she couldn’t do in the past.
I’m starting to get insecure. If they improved this much, did I also improved in playing the guitar? They wanted me to watch some of our live shows but I refused to. I was just afraid for some unknown reason. Good thing that they didn’t push me watch it.
Haruna now is starting to sing. The melody did give some nostalgic feeling to me.
I remember it was a normal, hot day when I met you
I don't know if it was fate or coincidence
But even though we had our separate paths, we were facing the same direction before we knew it
We've already spent so many short summers together

On the way back home on days we were feeling down
We sat on a park bench
When I trace this nostalgic memory
Melodies I sang with you begin to flow

Basking in the orange sunset, we grew up a little
There were things that we didn't realize as we were madly chasing after them
Basking in the orange sunset, we grew up a little
I hope we'll always get to tell each other "See you tomorrow"
Ah, the wind blows

We laughed and joked on nights we couldn't sleep
With you by my side, I wasn't afraid of the future

Hopping on the last bus
Your weary face was reflecting in the window
I suddenly felt lonely
I just had to meet you

Looking up at the starless night sky, we talked about one dream
Our interrupted wishes seemed to shine
Looking up at the starless night sky, we talked about one dream
Those ordinary days are definitely connected to today
That's what I believe

Basking in the orange sunset, we grew up a little
There were things that we didn't realize as we were madly chasing after them
The orange sunset shines on us again as summer ends
I hope we'll always get to tell each other "See you tomorrow"
Ah, the wind blows
AUTHOR’S POV
When they finished playing the song tears escaped from Mami’s eyes. She remembered all those things that were mentioned in the song. From the bench in the park to the bus rides after their practice late at night. From what Mami could remember, those things happened just a few months ago but why does it feels like it happened years ago.
Haruna, Rina and Tomomi rushed to Mami’s side to comfort her. “You guys are unfair. How come I can’t remember those lives and shows we did?” She said in between her sniffling. The trio laughed while wiping their tears. Mami then laughed along with them.
“Everyone misses you playing the guitar, Mami. Will you accept our request? Can you play one song for us?” Ei-chan muttered while smiling at them with his pleading small eyes. Mami nodded as she wipes her tears away and stood up.
Ei-chan handed Mami her black Fender Strat with the vinyl decals. She then slings it and placed it comfortably. The members also positioned themselves to play along with Mami. “So what are going to play Mami-chan?” Rina asked excitedly. Mami paused to think of what song to play. “How about S.L. Magic?” She answered. The rest agreed and Rina started to hits her drumsticks.
Mami was about to play when both of her hands suddenly felt weak. It’s shaking hard enough that she messed up the cords and she end up stop playing. She knew that this is going to happen but she didn’t expect to be this bad. Mami brings her hands up while she closes and opens it repeatedly. “Mami, are you okay?” Haruna asked worriedly.
Mami didn’t know what to do and she doesn’t want to tell the other members what’s happening to her. She puts the guitar to a stand near her. Without another word she walked leaving everyone in the studio. “Where are you going? Mami, wait!” Haruna tries to her but Mami just continued walking out.
Mami made fast strides exiting the building. She’s panicking that the members might know. She then remembered what the doctor said to her when she was still back in the hospital.
Because of the blunt trauma that her body received from the accident it wasn’t possible that it’s not just memory where affected. The doctor found out that a part of her spinal cord had also dealt damage. That part was the one responsible for the nerve endings of her body. The real reason that she was not discharged immediately was because if this.
On the first few days, Mami can’t even hold a glass of water without violently shaking it. Good thing the doctor said that it was only temporary. After two weeks of constant monitoring, Mami’s doctor finally said that she can go home but this time she’s the one who refused to go home yet.
Her hands still shake whenever she holds her chopsticks to eat. Mami didn’t want to mention this to her band members because she knows that they’ll unnecessarily worry for her. Her doctor also agreed not to tell them. The important is that Mami’s family knows about her current condition.
Mami end up finding herself standing in front of the car that they rode earlier to come here. “Mami, what the hell was that?” Haruna shouted at her furiously. Mami shrugged at Haruna’s loud voice. Haruna noticed that her friend is worried about something that Mami can’t talk about. “Get in the car. You need to explain to me what just happened in there.” Haruna ordered Mami.
Mami did what Haruna told her to do and just sat in there silently. Haruna was in there with Mami but she didn’t start the car. “What’s happening Mami?  You know that you can’t hide these things from me.” Haruna decided to break the silence. Mami looked at her in weary eyes. “Nothing is happening. I’m fine.” She lied.
Haruna let out a frustrated sigh before she stares at Mami trying to read the lead guitarist’s expression. “Mami, please don’t lie, especially to me.” Haruna muttered softly giving Mami encouragement to tell her what’s bothering Mami. They just stared at each other’s eyes before Mami finally told Haruna what the doctor said to her and the reason of her extended stay in the hospital for almost three weeks.
“Why didn’t you tell us about it? Don’t you trust us enough to take care of you?” Haruna said with a hint of hurt by her question. Mami looked down and face the window this time. It’s not that she doesn’t trust any of them. It’s just that she wanted to handle things on her own ways and not being a burden to them. She knew that Mami already said to herself that she’ll depend on the other members in recovering her memories but this issue is not related to her memories.
“You don’t need to worry about what happened to me back there Haru. It doesn’t concern with my memories after all.” Mami murmured loud enough for Haruna to hear. She then looks at Haruna again a smile on her eyes. “I’ve been meaning to tell you this ever since I was discharged in the hospital.” Mami continued. Haruna was just silent and open ears to what Mami has to say.
“I want to go back to Osaka.” Haruna’s eyes widened from what Mami just said.
“Osaka? But Why?” Haruna asked in confusion.
“I want to get away from all the losing-my-memory-worried people that are surrounding us.”
“I will go with you.”
“I want to go back alone, Haru.”
“No, I want to go with you.” Haruna insisted.
“I’ll be going alone and that’s final! I need time for myself to think things through and I won’t be able to do that when the three of you are with me. I don’t want to see your worried faces because it makes me feel uneasy. I don’t to want to feel a burden to the three of you for a while.” Mami burst out that cause Haruna to be stunned.
Haruna didn’t expect that Mami was thinking that way. She was so caught up of making Mami feel better by taking care of her that it end up making Mami feel that she’s being a burden. “I’m sorry Mami. We didn’t want to make you feel that way. We just wanted to help and take care of you.” Haruna reached for Mami hand which placed on her friend’s lap.
“You don’t need to apologize, Haru. I know that was not your intention. You just want to help me.” Mami grasped Haruna’s hand on her and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “Going to Osaka alone is one of my ways to recover my memories faster. I want to remember all those fun things that the four of us did together in the past five years. I hope you’ll understand and respect my decision, Haru.” Mami added.
Haruna could only nod at Mami’s statement and hugged her friend to show that she understands Mami. “Just don’t ever forget that you can always call us when you need help.” Haruna smiled at her after breaking their hug. Mami nodded and answered Haruna with her usual bright smile.

Chapter 8: High School Again
July 9, 2013; Tuesday
AUTHOR’S POV
Tomomi just finished cooking today’s breakfast and starting to prepare the food on the table. “Good morning Tomo-chan.” Rina greeted Tomomi while rubbing her eyes. Tomomi smiled at the sleepy drummer. Rina looks like a kid who just woke up and trying to find her mother. “Good morning Rina-chan. How was your sleep?” Tomomi greeted back.
Rina sat on one of the chairs of the table in the kitchen with her back facing Tomomi. “I think it was okay. I can’t believe that Haru-chan made me drink a lot of beer last night. Good thing, I didn’t get a hangover this morning.” Rina stared aimlessly in front of her while remembering what happened last night.
“Who would ever get a hangover from two glasses of beer?” Mami entered the kitchen and sat in front of Rina. Tomomi and Rina looked at Mami in amazement. Mami is now all dressed up and obviously she already took a shower because of her wet hair.
It’s not yet nine in the morning but Mami is ready to go somewhere. Tomomi and Rina looked at each other before looking back to Mami. Rina was about to say something when Haruna’s voice boomed inside the apartment. “Rina, Tomo! Mami’s gone, didn’t she come home last night?” Haruna said while running in the kitchen in panic.
“Are you that drunk, Haru? I was the one who carried you to your room last night.” Mami retorted in this beaming and bright manner that the other members are not to used hear from her especially in the morning. Mami is not a morning person and she gets grumpy whenever if there’s no food served in front of her for breakfast.
If Mami already took a shower and all dressed up, she probably woke up around seven in the morning. This only happens when they are on tour and has a tight schedule that day. Today was their day off before going back to band practice and doing live shows, so there’s no reason for her to wake up that early. The three other members are all thinking the same thing about Mami’s unusual morning.
“M-mami?” Haruna stammered in disbelief. “You’re awake?” She added. Haruna was the one who usually wakes the other members in the morning. She already heard Rina’s door opening so she didn’t bother to wake her up anymore. Haruna immediately went to Mami’s room but to her surprise the lead guitarist was no longer in her room which is unusual for Haruna because she was certain that they went home together last night.
“No Haru. I’m just sleepwalking.” Mami answered her in a tired manner. “Of course I’m awake. I think you should wear your glasses.” She added sarcastically. “It’s still early Mamitasu.” Tomomi is the one who spoke this time. “Is there a new law that I can’t wake up early in the morning in my own will?” Mami answered annoyingly.
Everyone fell into a cold silence when Mami decided to break it. “Timo. Food. Now.” She constantly tapped her finger on the table. She’s starting to get grumpy from the lack of food in front of her. Tomomi eyed Haruna and Rina before she continued serving the food on the table.
The four of them are now sitting together for breakfast that Tomomi prepared. “Ittadakimasu!” All of them clapped their hands before they started eating their meal. They’re eating quietly. Mami enjoying the food while the others are eyeing her suspiciously.
“Now tell us. Why are you up so early?” Rina was braved enough to ask the question to the lead guitarist. Mami paused for a while and looked at the other members shyly. Tomomi noticed the flustered look of her best friend. “What’s with that shy-high-school-girl look that you’re giving us, Mamitasu?” Tomomi narrowed her eyes.
Mami still didn’t say a single word so they decided to continue eating. Another awkward silence settled in which made Mami uncomfortable. These girls will not let her rest unless she would tell them her reason for waking up early this morning.
“Yoshiro will come and pick me up this morning.” Mami suddenly muttered causing the trio to stop eating. Unfortunately for Tomomi, it looked like she almost choked from what she heard. She coughed violently causing the other girls to panic. Rina instantly stood up and took a glass of water for Tomomi.
After Tomomi recovered from that violent coughing they turn their attention back to Mami. “Seriously, Mami?” Haruna asked teasingly. “You’re going on a date with your boyfriend today, Mami-chan?” Rina asked excitedly. “Why didn’t you say anything to me…I mean to us that you’re going on a date, Mamitasu?” Tomomi finally fully recovered from the incident a while ago.
Mami sighed softly and put down her bowl of rice and chopsticks on the table. “It wasn’t really our plan to go out today but Yoshiro called me last night saying that he got a RIDE-ALL-YOU-WANT ticket in an amusement park from his friend. Knowing that today is my only day off for the following days to come, we decided to go there today instead.” Mami explained to them calmly preventing to sound excited.
Mami then continued eating her breakfast leaving the other three speechless. This was very new to them. Mami is acting all cheeky and excited even though she tries to suppress her excitement for her date with Yoshiro today. Haruna was about to make a comment but they heard a knock on the front door.
“I’ll go get it.” Rina volunteered to get the door. Tomomi gave Mami a smirk while thinking to tease Mami. “I’ll bet that’s Yoshiro-san.” Tomomi muttered slyly. “It’s too early for him to come. He said that he’ll pick me up at 10am.” Mami shot Tomomi a glare clearly caught the bassist trying to tease her. Tomomi just shrugged Mami’s action and decided to ask more to her best friend. “You said that he’ll pick you up. Does that mean that he has a car?” Tomomi continued asking.
Mami paused for a while before answering. “I don’t know. Yoshiro didn’t mention that he has one.” Tomomi just nodded from Mami’s answer and asked another one. “Which amusement park you’ll be going, Mamitasu?” Mami is now finished with her breakfast. “I forgot to ask him. We didn’t really talk that long last night because it was getting late.” The blonde answered while cleaning up her plate and put it on the sink.
Tomomi was about to ask another question when Haruna cut her. “Shut up Tomo and continue eating your breakfast.” Haruna said in a cold manner. Tomomi got confused why Haruna is acting irritated.
“Good morning everyone.” Yoshiro suddenly greeted the girls in the kitchen. Rina made her way back to the table with the other girls. “Why are you here?” Mami muttered in surprise. Yoshiro gave her a confused look as if saying, ‘Don’t tell me you forgot.’ But Yoshiro could see that his girlfriend is now dressed up and ready to go so he brushed away his previous thought. “I’m here to pick you up?” Yoshiro answered hesitantly.
“Yoshiro-san, would you like something to drink? Coffee or tea?” Tomomi butted in to the couple’s conversation. “A glass of water is fine for me. I just drank coffee a while ago.” Yoshiro answered while giving the bassist his usual bright smile that could melt anyone’s heart.
Mami snapped off from her boyfriend’s smile. “But you said that you’ll be here at ten. What happened to that?” She asked. Tomomi handed Yoshiro a glass of water and told him to sit along with them. Yoshiro accepted the offer and sat at the end of the table, Rina on his left. Mami decided to sit because she’s the only one standing.
“So?” Mami was determined to get an answer from Yoshiro. “I didn’t say anything about picking you up at ten. What I said is that I’ll be here around 9:30 to pick you up.” He answered in his usual calm and mature tone. “I thought so. You drank last night, didn’t you?” Yoshiro added amusingly teasing Mami.
“What’s wrong with drinking? Are you saying that Mami is not allowed to drink because she’s now your girlfriend?” Haruna uttered menacingly to Yoshiro. Rina somehow managed to kick Haruna’s shin under the table which caused the leader to wince in pain.
“I’m not saying that she’s not allowed to or anything related to that matter. I said that as a joke and not to provoke anyone in this room.” Yoshiro gave Haruna a cold answer obviously that he was offended from what she just said.
If the situation could be described, it would look like a scene from an anime. Lighting would come out from Haruna and Yoshiro’s eyes trying to pierce the other person’s eyes. Mami could feel the tension building up and she needs to do something before things will get worse. “Come on. Wait for me in the living room. I’ll just get ready and then we can go.” She pulled Yoshiro from his chair and dragged him to the living room.
Tomomi and Rina both made thumbs up to Mami. The two waited for the couple to exit the kitchen and made sure that they wouldn’t hear them talking before they decided to say anything. “That was very low, Haru-chan.” Rina said in disappointment. “Is that the hangover kicking in or the jealousy you want to vomit?” Tomomi muttered with her wise play of words.
Haruna’s eyes widened and wanted to say something back to the other two but wasn’t able to think of anything. She flicked her tongue and looked the other way avoiding the stare that two younger members are giving her.

~~~

MAMI’S POV
“I’m sorry I acted that way.” Yoshiro broke the silence in the car. He’s now currently driving in the streets of Shibuya while I’m sitting beside him in the passenger’s seat. I sighed before facing him. “I wouldn’t say that it’s okay because you did say something rude to Haru but I would like to apologize on how she behaved earlier. Haru can be the calmest person you’ll ever talk to but she can also be very grumpy when she’s having a hangover.” I muttered softly.
My excitement was chased off after Yoshiro and Haruna’s confrontation earlier. I want to enjoy this day. Not just because it’s our first date as a couple but because we’re going to an amusement park. It’s been a while since I had fun in an amusement park. I really love the thrill from the rides specially those roller coaster and other death defying rides.
“We’re here.” Yoshiro muttered. The car was put in to a full stop and now parking on the side of the street. I looked around and didn’t see any sign of an amusement park around. Well, we’re still in Shibuya and there are no amusement parks in this part of the city.
“I see no Ferris wheel or roller coaster, Shiro-chan.” I stated the obvious. He laughed at my silly statement. “I told you, we’re going somewhere before going to Tokyo Dome City.” I made an ‘O’ sound. I forgot, he did say before getting into the car that we’ll be stopping by somewhere before going to our destination.
The both of us went out of the car. Yoshiro then wrapped his hand around mine which caused me to blush from the unexpected action. Geez! I’m not supposed to blush. I’m already 23, too old enough to blush from these trivial things. It’s normal for couples to hold hands in the public. “Are you feeling sick, Mami? You look a bit red.” Yoshiro asked snapping me from my train of thought.
I stared at our intertwined hands and made him also look at our hands. Yoshiro squeezed his grip a bit tighter. “You don’t want to?” He’s giving me a sly smile while looking at me in the eye. “Of course I do. Stop mentioning such small things and let’s go.” I retorted and dragged him.
Yoshiro pulled my hand causing me to stop. “You’re dragging me in the wrong direction Mami. The store is on the other way.” He said while pointing his free hand to a store to the opposite direction we’re going.
We entered a store while still holding hands and a sleek sales lady greeted us with a bright smile on her face. It’s a clothes store or a school uniform store to be precise. I roamed my sight around the store in confusion. Why on earth would Yoshiro bring me here? We continued to walk further inside the store.
“I know what you’re thinking and just let me explain for a while.” Yoshiro uttered while scratching his head. “Yeah, I think you should because I don’t get what you’re trying to do.” I replied calmly but with a hint of amusement in my voice. I noticed that he seems to be nervous to whatever he wants to say.
Yoshiro inhaled a large amount of air before explaining. “I stumbled on one your interviews few years ago. You said that you didn’t have the opportunity to go on a date with someone while wearing your school uniform. At least that’s what I understood from that interview.” He explained while not looking at me in the eye.
I tried to recall the interview that he’s referring to but my reminiscing was interrupted when he spoke again. “I didn’t also have the opportunity to do things like those when I was in high school. Actually, I never dated in my entire high school years. So I was thinking that we should experience it now.” I let out a loud laugh at Yoshiro’s back story.
He flushed at my action and looked away from me. Yoshiro can be adorably cute when he says embarrassing things about him. It’s one of the things I really like about Yoshiro.
“You mean you never had a girlfriend in high school?” I continued to tease him.
“Well, yeah. I was considered as a big nerd in high school. I used to think that the curves on the guitars were sexier than a girl’s body.” He answered shyly.
I laughed again at his weird perception about girls and guitars. “Continue laughing at my embarrassing history and we’ll end up making out in front of these people.” I froze from Yoshiro’s threat and my mind went back on our scene in the studio. I could see seriousness in his eyes. Here goes with Yoshiro and his mercurial side.
It’s not that I’m afraid of him doing that to me but there are people around us. I don’t want to end up on a front page of some cheap tabloid. Ei-chan and the girls would definitely kill me if that will ever happen.
“Just kidding.” Yoshiro said as he kissed my cheek. “Did you really think that I would do that?” He asked while chuckling. I punched Yoshiro’s shoulder in impulse. He just laughed but he’s obviously in pain from my punch. I couldn’t really blame him for feeling that much pain. My older brother would even complain when we were kids that I punched like a boy.
“Nakashima-san, the uniforms that you asked are now ready. Will you please follow me?” A sales lady interrupted our conversation. Well the last part was not much of a conversation but yeah, I would still count that one as a conversation.
Yoshiro and I followed the sales lady to the corner of the store with a series of female school uniforms hanged neatly on the wall. My eyes lit up from the cute school uniforms in front of me. “Go ahead and choose one.” Yoshiro said while giving me a warm smile.

~~~

It’s half past ten when we arrived at the Tokyo Dome City. I feel like I’m back being a kid overly excited from the rides that are waiting for me to ride them. “What’s keeping you so long, Shiro-chan? Hurry up let’s ride the Super Viking.” I ran towards the direction of the Super Viking ride.
“Stop jumping around, Mami! I can almost see your panty.” Yoshiro scolded me after he managed to catch up with me. The both of us are now wearing high school uniforms. I’m wearing the sailor type uniform and I made my hair into pig tails to match it perfectly. Yoshiro even said earlier that I looked like Sailor Moon.
We first rode the Super Viking which caused Yoshiro to almost puke during the ride. I just kept on laughing at him because of his weak stomach. He said that he couldn’t take those kinds of rides that could make his stomach churn. He’s okay with the roller coaster though.
When Yoshiro managed to rest for a while, we continued walking around and happened to passed by the Magical Mist attraction. I dragged him to play but we immediately stop when the spray of mist almost flipped my skirt. It was his turn to laugh at me and trust me; his laugh didn’t stop until we went inside to one of the restaurant at the Tokyo Dome City.
After eating lunch, we rode more of the attractions. We both choose the stomach friendly rides because we’re both full from our meal. We got tired from all those rides so Yoshiro decided to walk around and take pictures in the 3D Trick Photo Studio. I end up being the model and Yoshiro the photographer.
We then decided that it was the time to ride the roller coaster because the light from the sun was not too bright anymore. All throughout the ride, we screamed our lungs out. When the ride ended and we got out from the platform, both of us are trying to catch our breath from all the screams we did.
It was few minutes passed five when Yoshiro noticed the haunted house and he insisted to go in. I’m not good with scary things but somehow he managed to drag me inside. I screamed a lot at everything I bumped or touched in the haunted house. Yoshiro on the other hand, just laughed for every scream that I made.
After exiting the haunted house, our amusement left us when we noticed a boy crying at the side sitting on a bench. I immediately run towards the kid. “Hi, little boy. Why are you crying?” I asked the boy. “Are you lost?” Yoshiro also asked the kid with his mature and calm manner.
The boy lifted up his face to look at the both of us. He sniffed a couple of before answering us. “I can’t find my mommy.” The tried to hold back from crying. “Don’t worry little guy. We will help you find you’re mommy, is that okay with you?” I said while wiping his tears from his cute and fluffy face. “Would you like me to carry you so we can find your mommy faster?” Yoshiro offered. The boy just nodded and then Yoshiro carried him by his arms.
“What’s your name, little guy?” Yoshiro asked the sniffing boy. “My name is Dai-chan.” The boy answered. I was about to burst out laughing after hearing his name. It reminded me of Rina’s Dai-chan. Yoshiro shot me a glare. I think he already figured out why I’m suppressing my laughter. “How old are you, Dai-chan?” Yoshiro continued to ask Dai-chan.
“My mommy says, I am this old.” Dai-chan held his right hand up with his five fingers spread out in front of Yoshiro’s face. Both of them really looked cute on how they’re acting especially how Yoshiro handled Dai-chan on a level headed manner. We continued walking towards the information booth when a woman called out Dai-chan’s name.
“Mommy!” Dai-chan squirmed on Yoshiro’s arms. Yoshiro managed to put him down safely. Dai-chan ran towards the woman who looks like she’s about to cry. “Where have you been? I thought I told you to stay by my side.” The woman then hugged the boy tightly before turning her attention to us.
“I’m in debt to your kindness. Thank you for taking care of my boy while he’s lost.” She bowed at us in gratitude. “You don’t have to bow that way. A simple thank you is enough for me and my girlfriend.” My eyes widened when I heard him said the last part. The woman thanked us again then left us.
I looked at Yoshiro and noticed the sad look in his expression. He stared at the mother and son who are walking away from us.
Then I realized something from all the conversation we had and the topics that are family related. Yoshiro would always mention about his father and his grandparents from his mother’s side but Yoshiro never mentioned or talked about his mother. It alerted me because I’m starting to get curious and I’m afraid to ask him about something that might be sensitive for him.
“Do you want to ride Ferris wheel this time?” Yoshiro asked giving me his soft expression but sad eyes. This is the first time I saw him like this. I know we weren’t together for more than a month and we just see each other via video chat because the band was on tour. But I’m certain that Yoshiro doesn’t make this expression often.
We walked side by side while holding each other’s hands in silence towards the queue for the Ferris wheel ride. It starts to bother me and it also seems like Yoshiro is also bothered with something, probably the sight of the mother and son earlier.
Yoshiro paid for seven people so there’s only the two of us inside the carriage. “I guess you already noticed me earlier if you’re this quite.” Yoshiro broke the silence. I think that it’s okay to ask him about earlier if he’s bringing that up. “I just noticed this now but why haven’t you mentioned anything about your mother, Shiro-chan?” I muttered my courage to ask such sensitive question.
Yoshiro looked at me with sad eyes although he tried to hide it with his smile. “My mother died few hours after I was born.” He said lowly almost a whisper. “She always had a weak heart and the doctors said that she wouldn’t survive a normal labor. They suggested that it would be best if my mother would undergo a cesarean section for my birth. Unexpectedly I came out before the schedule of the operation and things went into complication. In others words, I was the reason why my mother died.” Yoshiro added this time louder.
All I could see from him is pain behind the smile that his giving me. I want to say something but I can’t think of anything specially looking at him. I bit my lip for not able to comfort Yoshiro. “You don’t have to feel bad. My dad would always say that when I was still kid. You could say that I was a troubled child.” He tried to humor me.
“I think you’re still a troubled child, Shiro-chan. You’re sudden change of mood bears no bounds.” I retorted with my own humor. The both of us laughed softly. The heavy feeling of grief is slowly fading away between us.
“And because my mother died, I became a bastard child. My mother had me while she was still eighteen and my dad was sixteen. Young love and their weird urges, as what my grandfather from my mother’s side would say.” Yoshiro continued and chuckled a bit. “But my dad’s father was not amused from my birth. Not because my mother died but because he said that my birth would ruin his son’s life.”
I made an agreeing expression. Having a son at that age could ruin someone’s life. “I was sent to my mother’s parents to the US but my dad would visit me every time he was able to. His old man would get angry at him and especially at me when dad did that. Well dad was able to fall in love again and married that woman shortly after he graduated in college. Unfortunately she can’t bear a child so I was forced to inherent their company by default and the old man was not amused with the idea.”
The only heir Yoshiro shocked me. “What do you mean being about inheriting their company? Do you mean you’re father is a rich dude?” I asked him and he made a surprised expression. Yoshiro sighed heavily. He looked like he said something that he was not supposed to tell.
“Can you see that billboard besides that building to the right?” Yoshiro pointed at the billboard. It was an advertisement of the famous Naka Tech, a company that involves modern technologies and gadgets. Then the idea struck me. My eyes widened and looked at him dumbfounded.
Yoshiro smiled, amused at my expression. “The old man is the current chairman and president of Naka Tech and my dad is the current CEO. So yeah, my life is kinda complicated. The old man never introduced me as his grandson or anything related to that manner. My dad on the other hand is a certified stage father.” His revelation made my jaw drop.
“You’re a freaking millionaire bastard’s son if I could sum it up. Please tell me that you’re just kidding and that was just joke.” I muttered in a fast manner. Yoshiro just laughed at me and patted my head. “I wish that was just a joke so I could live my life rather peacefully.” He retorted.
I hugged him on impulse. Yoshiro flinched a bit, surprised from my action but hugged me back. We settled in a comforting silence as we waited for the ride to end. I was happy that he opened up and shared to me such sensitive subject about his life.
“Thank you.” I broke the silence. He looked down trying to see my face so I looked up at him. “Why are you thanking me?” Yoshiro questioned. “For telling me about your family, now I know the reason why Ei-chan said that you refused to share your family background.” I answered while giving him a bright smile. He stared at my face for a while as if trying to remember his conversation with Ei-chan and he then nodded.
“Well, you’re now my girlfriend and we’re now almost together for one month. I think it’s about time to tell you although I was hesitant. I was kinda afraid of you ending up like my last girlfriend. After I told her about it, I noticed that she was kept pushing me to inherit Naka Tech. That’s when I realized that she was just after my dad’s fortune.” Yoshiro explained while sighing in between.
“Thanked god that you broke up with her.” I buried my face to his chest trying to hide my flustered face. He chuckled softly. Then I felt a kiss on my forehead. I raised my head to face Yoshiro. I leaned a bit forward and he caught my lips into a short passionate kiss. We then shared the warmth the sun’s setting rays along the Tokyo horizon.
The carriage stopped and our ride ended. “That was a surprisingly short ride.” Yoshiro broke away from the hug and grabbed my hand to exit the carriage. “Your fairy tale was surprisingly entertaining.” I retorted when we got out.

~~~

“Did you enjoy your day with me?” Yoshiro asked me cheerfully while driving the car. After the Ferris wheel ride, he was silent the entire time. I was starting to get worried. Well, his mercurial attitude has a bright side of it.
“Of course I did! Especially the high school uniform cosplay we did. People was just kept staring at us because we looked too old wearing one was kinda funny.” I let out a laugh as I answer him. Yoshiro then made a big childish smile. “Really? I was worried that you might not like the whole wearing the high school uniform thing.” He said.
I furiously shake my head and pouted at him. “That was I a cool idea of going on a date wearing school uniforms.” I replied. “Well I just thought of that because I googled you out of curiosity.” Yoshiro uttered shyly. I looked at him trying gauge on how to respond. “Then did you like what you found out about me?” I asked curiously.
He stared at my eyes for a while and brought his attention to the road. “Nah, I liked your hard copy better than those things I read in the net.” Yoshiro answered with a contended look on his face.

Chapter 09: Advance Class
April 14, 2014; Monday
AUTHOR’S POV
­­Mami steps out from the apartment that she rented for her stay in Osaka for a few weeks. Yup, she’s planning to stay there until her body would be back to normal and also for her own training camp. Mami decided to stay away from the other members and the staffs because she needs to learn how to play the guitar just like the way before-the-accident-Mami did.
Mami walks along the very familiar streets of Osaka towards the music training center that she enrolled last Saturday. Mami grabs the sling of her guitar bag closer to her body as a breeze passed by. She was hit by a nostalgic feeling. Mami remembered how she and the other members of Scandal walked along these streets in the past. It did really feel that the memories that she could only remember now happened more than five years ago.
Mami’s phone rings which snapped her back to reality, it was a message from Tomomi.
“Have you eaten your lunch Mamitasu? I should have gone with you. I also missed Osaka, you know?”
Mami smiled at the wife like message that Tomomi had sent her. She then starts typing for a reply.
“Food is essential for the both of us, you know that. There’s no way that I would skip a meal ;P We already gone through with this Timo. I kinda need some quiet time and we both know there’ll be none if we’re together.”
Mami sends the message while chuckling softly. She knew how Tomomi would react from the message she just sent. The minute haven’t passed yet but Mami’s phone rings again.
“MAMITASU BAKA!!!XP I can be quiet and sweet when I want to.”
Mami let out a stifled laughter preventing to draw attention from the people around her.
“Where did the sweet part came from? I need to go Timo. I’ll call you later. Tell Rina and Haru that I said ‘HI’.”
She sends the message in panic when Mami realized that she’s already late for her lesson.
Her raven black hair swayed along with her body for an every turn that she makes. Mami dyed her hair back to black. She was afraid that people might recognize her easily if she will keep her blonde hair. Although Mami really liked her blonde hair, she still decided to dye it black again.
The members and the staffs never knew anything from this drastic decision she made. Well even Mami’s family didn’t also know what their only daughter did this time. She loved the thrill of keeping her hair as a secret from other people. They said that when Mami dyed her hair blonde everyone made a big fuss from it and she is also hoping the same reaction when the people will learn about her current hair color.
Mami finally arrived in front of the music training center that she’s supposed to have her lessons. She then fixes herself before entering the building.
MAMI’S POV
“I’m here for the advance guitar lessons.” I said to the man at the information desk. “I believe that we don’t have any advance guitar lessons, Miss.” He replied at me sarcastically. I raised an eyebrow at him. I’m supposed to be a customer and, as a person who is assigned in the front desk, he’s not supposed to treat me rudely.
“I already enrolled and paid for the advance lessons. The owner, Kiba-san, even assured me last Saturday that he can provide me one.” I muttered firmly. The guy looks at me in a puzzled expression.
“It’s okay Hatori-san. Show her to where my grandson is.” Kiba, who looks like in his 60s, said appearing out of nowhere. Hatori and I jump from where we are standing surprised by Kiba’s voice. “Kaicho?” Hatori asked in confusion.
Kiba’s forehead creases while looking at Hatori seriously. “I know you heard me right, Hatori-san. Show her the room.” He said in a heavy tone. Hatori scrambles from behind the front desk and makes his way at the hallway to right where the front desk is located.
“I’m very sorry about that Sasazaki-san. He is new here. Hatori-san still doesn’t know most of the things around the training center.” Kiba approached me in a calm and warm manner, opposite on how he acted earlier. His sudden change of expression really surprises me. Why does this scene seem to be awfully familiar?
I smiled at Kiba. “No, it’s okay. I was just not expecting his answer earlier.” Hatori then called me to follow him. I bowed slightly at Kiba before following.
We arrived in front of the door at the end of the hallway. Hatori knocks the door before opening it. “Kichan-sensei, the student for the advance guitar lessons is here.” He said while squeezing his head in between the door’s small opening.
“The person finally decided to show up. Let him in, I’ve wasted enough time from all the waiting.” I heard an irritated male voice from inside the room. “The student is a ‘her’, Kichan-sensei.” Hatori corrected the voice. “Whatever, just let that damn person in.” The voice muttered louder this time.
Hatori flinched from the loud demand. Geez! I can’t believe that I’ll be stuck with this hot headed person for my entire lessons. “Kichan-sensei is usually calm but I guess he woke up from the wrong side of the bed this morning. Please, just bear with him. He’s a really nice person.” Hatori gave me encouragement as I walk into the room.
I closed the door behind me and face my “teacher” but all I can see is back. Kichan-sensei is playing the guitar. The melody that he’s playing is too calm for a person who seems to be irritated. I fake a cough to catch his attention and he stops playing.
“I’m very sorry that I inconvenienced you and wasted your time, sensei.” I made a ninety degree bow as I said that. I could hear him standing from his seat and made some loud thud on the process. I didn’t budge to check what’s happening though I’m kinda curious.
Silence settles in and there’s no answer from him so I decided to stand back up because I’m starting feel some pain on my lower back. We are now facing each other. I could see a surprised look from his face. “M-mami?” Kichan-sensei muttered my name weakly. It’s now my turn to give him a surprise look.
Wait, how did he know who I am? From how he reacted earlier, he didn’t seem to have an idea who will be his student. He doesn’t even know if I’ll be a male or a female in the matter of fact.
Kichan-sensei takes a step closer to me and on pure impulse I step back away from him. “Why do you know my name?” I asked in a low voice. He looks like he’s taken aback from my question. Kichan-sensei straightens himself and brushed away some flocks of his hair which is covering his eyes.
For a second there, I could see his face more clearly though he’s wearing a pair of hipster eye glasses. Kichan-sensei is unexpectedly cute. No, wait! He is handsome. A shy smile is slowly forming on his lips. OH MY GOD!!! This guy is freaking mouthwatering.
“Sorry, that was kind of rude of me. Please call me Kichan and I’m also a fan of Scandal.” He extended his hand in front causing me to leave my dreamland. We then shake hands. “I can’t believe that the great Sasazaki Mami would be standing in front from me.” Kichan added enthusiastically.
A fan of Scandal? The great Sasazaki Mami? Oh yeah. The band is kinda popular now but I didn’t expect that we’re this popular. I mean no one even cared while I was walking in the streets of Tokyo or Osaka. Well, I dyed my hair black maybe that’s the reason why. This guy’s reaction really surprised me.
“Wait, aren’t you supposed to be still in the hospital?” Kichan-sensei asked after we shake hands. “I almost didn’t recognize you with your hair. I kinda missed this look of yours.” He added. I scratched the back of my head trying to think of something to answer his question. “Well, I was discharged around two weeks ago.” I answered, decided to tell the truth.
Kichan-sensei just gave me this feeling that he’s a person that I could trust. Weird enough, I’m not a kind of person who easily trusts someone that I just met and talked for the first time. Kichan-sensei’s smile is really giving me all the reason why I could trust him.
“Oh, is that so? You being discharged must be confidential because the news never mentioned anything related and none of your fans knew about it.” Kichan-sensei gave me a warm smile that even the ice from the South Pole will melt. “Seeing you here right now makes me glad because now I’m certain that you’re fine and safe.” He continued is a worried tone.
How am I supposed to give him a reply from that? This guy looks like he knows me more than myself. It’s making me feel awkward from what he said.
“Etto… Sensei, are we just gonna talk the entire time?” I said while looking away from him. “I believe that I paid for the guitar lessons. If you won’t mind, can we start with the lesson now?” I added as I tighten my grip of the strap of my guitar bag.
“Ah, yes, you’re right.” Kichan-sensei muttered. “Wait, you’re seriously going to take guitar lessons?” He then snapped when the idea of him teaching me how to play finally sinks into his mind. I just nodded.
“Why would you even take one? I mean, people looked up at you because of your skills in playing the guitar.” Kichan-sensei said in disbelief. “That’s exactly why I need to learn how to play the guitar just like how I did before the accident!” I practically yelled at him.
Kichan-sensei makes a step back away from my outburst. I’m now really annoyed on how he mentions the before-the-accident-Mami. It’s weird that I’m insecure with myself that doesn’t feel like that it’s me. This is the main reason why I left Tokyo.
“What do you mean by just like how you did before the accident?” Kichan-sensei did just really ask that question? I glared at his nosiness. “Is there something wrong with you? Did the accident damage something in your body that affected on how you play? I thought that you’re now okay?” This time he asked softly while looking at me with sad eyes as if he’s guilty with what happened to me.
Kichan-sensei must be a huge fan of the before-the-accident-Mami if he’s showing me this expression. Well, he’s technically my fan and he’s also my teacher so I think it’s okay if I’ll tell him some small details about my condition. I also fell a little bit guilty from yelling at him.
“Sensei, please promise me first that you won’t tell a single soul about what I’m going tell to you.” He nodded furiously. I sigh heavily before continuing. “I lost the last five years of my memory and my knowledge in playing the guitar was affected because of it. To add with that misfortune, I’m suffering from a temporary illness. My fingers would shake for every time that I attempt to play the guitar though before I was released from the hospital both of my hands would shake if I’ll hold something. So I need to go back to the basics and get use to my shaking fingers until it’s gone.” I finished narrating.
Kichan-sensei just stared at me the whole time trying to catch and process the every word I said. He went silent for a while and nods barely making his head move.
“Let’s start with the lessons. We wasted too much time from that talk.” Kichan-sensei eyed me seriously before making his back to the chair he sat earlier. My jaw dropped after that. I just told him a very sensitive matter for me and he just easily brushed it off?
I was about to say something when Kichan-sensei speaks again. “I’m sorry that you have to say that, Mami-san. You actually didn’t need to tell me anything because we don’t even know each other. Sorry for being selfish.” He muttered seriously. “Please set up your guitar now. We need to start with the lesson so you can play the guitar better than the Mami that I used to know.” He added giving me this nostalgic smile.

~~~

“Let’s stop from here. Come back tomorrow for your next lesson.” Kichan-sensei stared at my left hand. “I want you to rest your hands and don’t practice at home.” He added when he noticed that I didn’t stop playing.
I nodded at what he said though I’m not really giving him my attention. I continue to practice the Legato exercise that Kichan-sensei thought me earlier. He said that it would help me improve the movements of my fingers on the fret board but I’m still having some difficulty with my constantly shaking fingers.
Kichan-sensei prevented me from playing when he turned off the amplifier where my guitar was plugged into. “I told you to stop. Your fingers are shaking worse than it was earlier.” I stared at him in shock. Kichan-sensei looks like he’s angry. Well, I guess he can be because his student didn’t obey his simple task which is to stop playing.
I sighed as I bend my head downward almost kissing my guitar. Kichan-sensei is a sadist. He’s been saying some of guitar terms that I’m not familiar with. I’m not even sure if I understand anything he thought me earlier. The only thing that was stuck in my head is the Legato exercise because I was fascinated on how Kichan-sensei showed it to me earlier.
“Do you need some help with the clean up?” Kichan-sensei startles me from appearing at my right side. “Ah, n-no, it’s alright s-sensei. I-I’m fine. I can do it myself.” I answered him while stuttering. “Are you sure? You seem to be very exhausted.” I glared it him when he turns his back from me.
Who wouldn’t be exhausted by the four hours straight of lessons with bathroom break is the only thing that you can give as a reason to go out in the room. I tell you, Kichan-sensei is the mere definition of the word sadism.
“I’ll say this again, Mami-san. Please rest your hands tonight and don’t attempt to practice in your home or else you won’t be able to play a single cord tomorrow. You’re infamous for being the most stubborn member of the band, well second to Rina if I would actually rank it.” Kichan-sensei crosses his arms over his chest to give emphasis to what he just said.
“How do you even know that?” I asked curiously. I’ve been bothered on how he knows a lot about me and the other members. He drops his hands to the side and chuckled lightly. “There’s forum site dedicated for Scandal and everything about you and the updates of the band are posted there. That’s how I learned about you and was able to figure out the possible personalities that you girls possessed. Talking to you right now made the personality I guessed was right.”
I huffed in annoyance. If Kichan-sensei wouldn’t be this gorgeously handsome, I would be definitely mad at him. I began to pack my guitar and fix the wires around my chair when a ring echoed in the room. Kichan-sensei hurriedly makes his way out of the room. I continue to finish packing and cleaning the mess I made earlier.
I decided to go ahead because Kichan-sensei hasn’t come back yet. I open the door gently and found him standing at the side. He’s speaking to someone on the phone in English which surprised me. “What do you mean it was canceled? I worked my ass off to get that offer. All you have to do was to get the instruments from the customer but you didn’t do that one simple job. Fix that problem or else!” Kichan-sensei furiously ended the call.
He was speaking in English fluently as if he’s an American. I could remember how the American staffs speak when we did a tour in the USA. It was almost the same. “What do you want?” Kichan-sensei asked angrily when he noticed that I’m staring at him. I just shake my head side to side and start walking away from him.
“Are you fine going home on your own?” Kichan-sensei’s question now is calm and doesn’t have any hint of anger. Does he have a switch somewhere so he can change his mood anytime he wants? “Yeah, I’m fine. The apartment that I’m staying is not far from here. It’s just a walking distance actually.” I answered.
He walks up to the information desk passing by me. “I’ll walk you home.” Kichan-sensei muttered when I managed to arrive near the information desk. “You don’t have to sensei. I’ll be fine by myself.” I refused his offer. He makes a disapproving look at me. “It’s getting dark and it’s not safe for a woman walking alone in the streets at night. Besides I need some fresh air.” Kichan-sensei insisted.
He walks closer to me and I just stand there trying not to be intimated by his presence. Well more like affected by his presence. He just has this way getting under my skin in a good way. “Give me your guitar. I’ll carry it for you.” Kichan-sensei gestures that I should hand him my guitar. I sighed before doing what he wanted. He doesn’t seem to accept ‘NO’ for an answer.
We walk along the sidewalk to my apartment. Kichan-sensei was silent the whole time since we left the training center. I look at him from the corner of my eye. From this angle, Kichan-sensei looks kinda young. I wonder how old is he?
“Do you something to ask me, Mami-san?” He questioned without looking at me. “I’m just wondering, how old are you Kichan-sensei?” I cursed at myself for answering him in impulse. He laughed and looks at me with an amused smile. “From all the questions that I was expecting for you to ask, you managed to pick the last one from the list.” Kichan-sensei retorted amusingly.
“I’m still twenty-five. How come my age interests you, Mami-san?” He muttered when he managed to stop laughing. “I just got curious because we look like we have the same age, well almost. You’re two years older than me.” I answered.
Kichan-sensei walks closer to me when a group of men who looks like they’re drunk are walking in our direction. He was almost like barricading his body around me when the group got closer. I am starting to feel the warmth of his body and tried enjoy the feeling but he suddenly steps away and walks normally again when the men passed us by.
“How far more is your apartment?” Kichan-sensei asked when we manage to walk for almost ten minutes. “It’s just two more blocks away straight from here.” I answered casually. He stops on his tracks making me to stop also after I noticed him that he’s not walking by my side anymore. “Is it okay with you that we’ll part ways here?” Kichan-sensei asked as if he’s having second thoughts.
“Yeah, no problem. Thanks for accompanying me ‘almost’ home.” I made a quote gesture on the almost word and laugh at my own joke. “I want to accompany you all the way to your home but I don’t want to know your address.” Kichan-sensei took my joke seriously and his amused expression vanished from few minutes ago. This guy really has a serious case of mood swings.
“Why don’t you want to know? Are you a stalker or something?” I attempted again for another joke. “Stalking is practically a crime.” Kichan-sensei shoved my guitar to me to take it away from him. I took my guitar and sling it by my shoulder. “I’m not that KIND of guy.” He uttered in a low tone and then walks away from me without saying another word.
I am left there on the sidewalk speechless. Not because he walked out from me but from the last thing he said. That line made my body shiver. It feels the same from that night when Tomomi feed me the melon cake. A surge of nostalgic feeling flows within my body leaving me paralyze for a moment.
I finally manage to move my feet and force myself to walk to the direction of my apartment. I staggered as I move across the crowd on the sidewalk. Then my head starts to throb painfully and it’s making me dizzy. I make an effort to walk towards the wall of a building along the sidewalk.
“Mami!” Someone shouted my name. I raised my head to the direction of the voice. I can see Kichan-sensei’s figure running towards me. “Are you alright?” He worriedly asked. I just shake my head gesturing that I’m nowhere from being fine. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that to you. Come on, let me take you all the way to your home.” He muttered and I nodded in agreement.
Kichan-sensei takes my guitar and slings the strap around his body. To my surprise he princess carried me and let my head rest on his shoulder. I’m too preoccupied with the dizziness so I didn’t bother to protest.
The feel of his chest against my right arm made a comfortable feeling. Kichan-sensei’s smell reminds me of something that I couldn’t figure out. My whole experience being carried by him this is awfully familiar to the extent that scares me but I don’t want this to end. I want to stay this way. No, I need to stay this way for a while.
I slowly close my eyes when I noticed that we already arrive at my apartment and I let myself doze off on Kichan’s shoulder.

Chapter 10: The Letter
July 21, 2013; Sunday
AUTHOR’S POV
A lazy afternoon fell upon on the Scandal’s apartment. They just finished an event last night and they’re taking today as their day off before springing back into action for another round of band practices and live shows.
Haruna is sitting at the couch facing the TV with a remote on her hand that she constantly changing the channel. The show that she liked just ended and now she’s trying to find something to amuse herself to watch another show. She’s starting to get annoyed because all the movie or show that is showing right now doesn’t interest her.
“I’m not sure which one will break first. The remote or the TV.” Mami jumps to the couch sitting beside Haruna. The older girl fell to her side when Mami launch herself to the grumpy Haruna. “Oi! What do you think you’re doing?” Haruna complained. “Isn’t that obvious? I’m gonna watch TV beside you. Now choose a channel already.” Mami retorted while settling herself preventing to squish the small leader.
When Haruna manage to sit back up properly Tomomi then tried to fit herself into the couch. “What are you guys watching?” The bassist muttered while eating the popcorn that she just made. “Move over Haru-chan so I can sit properly.” Tomomi grumbles as she struggled on her sit.
“Timo, can I have some popcorn?” Mami reaches her hand to Tomomi’s bowl of popcorn. Haruna is being sandwiched by the two bigger girls. “Mamitasu, move to your side a bit so Haru-chan can also move and then I can sit properly.” Tomomi held the bowl in front of Haruna causing to block the vocalist’s sight of the TV.
Tomomi and Mami then started to fidget while Haruna is in between them. “Can just one of you take the other seat?” Haruna mumbled furiously. “Tell that to Timo. I sat here first.” Mami as she stuffs some popcorn into her mouth. “I won’t seat anywhere but here. I missed sitting beside Haru-chan. You sit somewhere else instead Mamitasu.” Tomomi countered Mami’s words.
The Dobondobondo duo continued the banter until Haruna got enough with the noise that was around her. “The both of you shut up!” Haruna shouted at Mami and Tomomi as she got up from the couch. She was about to continue scolding at the two but a knock was heard from the door. The trio looked at the door’s direction. “Stay here. I’m still not done with the two of you.” Haruna muttered in a dark tone to the duo who just whimpered from the leader’s command.
Haruna opened the front door and a familiar person is standing in front of her. Because the leader is smaller than the person Tomomi and Mami can clearly see who their visitor is. Upon recognizing the person’s face Mami’s mood changed drastically. She doesn’t want to see that guy’s face now.
Haruna walk away from the door leaving it open. “I’m not a vampire, you know? I can still come in without you inviting me in.” Yoshiro, who is standing on their door step, uttered mockingly at Haruna’s unwelcoming action. “Why are you here? You had your chance to last night.” Mami asked him who seems to be pissed off by his presence.
“I called you last night but you didn’t answer. I texted you around three in the morning but you didn’t bother to reply in the morning. I called you again this lunch but you just cancelled my calls.” Yoshiro answered his girlfriend while he takes off his shoes and slips into an extra pair of slippers. Mami stood up from the couch and made her way around it now facing at Yoshiro with crossed arms. “You promise that you would come at the show. Not only just to me but to them as well.” Mami added.
Yoshiro exhaled heavily while he runs a hand through his hair. “I’m really sorry last night. I was too busy in finishing the customized effect board. I need to finish it last night because she needs it for her upcoming show and she wants it to be delivered today.” Yoshiro finished explaining.
“She? Your customer must be a big deal if you managed not to show up at last night’s event.” Tomomi commented suspiciously at Yoshiro. “Tomo has a point there.” Haruna added. Yoshiro looked at Mami with pleading eyes but she just gave him a cold stare.
“Didn’t Eisuke-san tell you who my customer is?” Yoshiro asked the three women. He’s trying to explain things easily for them. “How did Ei-chan come into the picture?” Mami suspiciously eyed him. “Eisuke was the one who recommend me to Miwa-san to do a customize effect board that can both work for acoustic and electric guitars.” Yoshiro answered as he rubbed his neck.
“Miwa? As in like, Miwa who sung Change? My Miwa?” Tomomi blurted from her seat making the bowl of popcorn from her lap to fall. “Oi, Tomo!!!” Haruna attempted to save the bowl of popcorn but she wasn’t fast enough to catch it. The popcorn was scattered on the couch and on the floor. “Now look what you’ve done.” Mami face palmed as soon as she saw Tomomi’s masterpiece.
Tomomi scrambled from her seat and begins cleaning up the mess that she just made. Haruna decided to help her to make things faster. Yoshiro and Mami could just watch the other two kneeling on the floor. “As what I said earlier, yes, her, Tomomi-san’s Miwa. Eisuke-san apparently mentioned that he knows someone who owns a shop that specializes customize instruments and equipment, which is me, to Miwa’s manager and the manager mentioned it to Miwa and that’s how I got the offer.” Yoshiro made a shot again for the explanation.
Mami eyed him trying to weigh if his explanation is good enough for her to accept it. “Then why didn’t you tell us, I mean at least to me, that you got this big offer going on?” Mami wanted another reason before she’ll let Yoshiro slip this time. “It was supposed to be a surprise after I finished her order. I wanted to be sure that she likes my work first before I could tell you.” Yoshiro answered.
“So Miwa liking your work is more important than you watching your girlfriend perform live, is that it?” Haruna muttered when she finished cleaning up Tomomi’s mess. Yoshiro’s body tensed up. He gave the leader a ‘Do-you-want-to-start-a-fight?’ glare but manage to stop himself to make any comment to Haruna’s provocation when Yoshiro noticed Mami looking at him with a ‘answer-that-question’ look.
“Call me a jerk but that was just one show and I can always see another if I wanted to. But the offer from Miwa was different. That might be a once in a lifetime opportunity and I don’t want to mess that up.” Yoshiro retorted while eyeing his girlfriend trying to make a point. “And besides, I’m not really a fan of Scandal anyway.” The three members dumbfounded from what Yoshiro said as if he’s really proud from his announcement.
“Did you just seriously say that in front of us?” Tomomi asked in disbelief.
“Yes Tomomi-san, you heard me right. I don’t want to pretend that I’m a fan just because my girlfriend is the lead guitarist of Scandal.” Yoshiro answered this time softly trying to calm the furious looking Mami in front of him. “Give me one last reason why I won’t hit right now.” Mami said in a tone that was the first time Yoshiro heard from her. The calm yet chilling voice that she used was giving him goose bumps.
“Pretending to be your fan is just the same as pretending to be the president of the United States. I don’t want to tell lies. I’m not that kind of a guy.” Yoshiro prepared himself for a smack or punch or something that Mami can manage to do to him.
The lead guitarist sighed as she looked down the pair of slippers that her boyfriend is wearing. It was obviously too small for Yoshiro’s shoe size. “I think I need to buy a new pair for him.” She suggested to herself. Mami then punched Yoshiro lightly before she raises her head to him. “That was for not keeping your promise last night.” She uttered lowly.
“So am I forgiven?” Yoshiro asked as he eyes to Haruna and Tomomi before looking back to Mami. His girlfriend nodded and the two other members nodded as well. They remained silent for a couple of moments when Tomomi remembered something.
“Just don’t let Rina hear that from you.” Tomomi broke the silence for a warning to Yoshiro. Mami’s eyes widens when she remembered about Rina. The youngest member’s reaction will surely cause trouble to all of them. “Timo is right. Rina should never know about this.” Mami added.
“What shouldn’t I know about, Mami-chan?” Rina curiously asked as she walks down from the stairs. Everyone in the living room froze as they heard Rina’s question.
A smirk appeared on Haruna’s lips when she thought of a bright idea that can cause Yoshiro a torture session from their youngest member. “Yoshiro is not a fan of Scandal.” The leader said amusingly. Cold sweat fell down from Yoshiro’s temple when he saw Rina’s change of expression.
The drummer was smiling at him but he’s very sure that it wasn’t a smile of amusement. Rina then continued walking down the stairs and made her way towards Yoshiro’s direction. He looked at his girlfriend but Mami was not beside him anymore. She’s now standing near Tomomi and looking at him as if saying ‘You brought this upon yourself.’ Yoshiro then look at Haruna who was clearly entertained from what she just did.
“Yoshiro-kun?” Rina is now standing in front of him. Yoshiro’s attention snapped to the person in front of him. “W-what is it, R-rina-san?” He asked nervously. “Can you explain to me about what Haru-chan just said?” Rina asked while smiling. Yoshiro gulped before answering. “Haru-chan? I mean, Haruna-san? She said that I’m not a fan of Scandal.”
“You’re not a fan of Scandal even though Mami is your girlfriend?” Rina asked again but this time in a sinister tone.
If Yoshiro will be asked in the future if had he encountered someone who appears to be a yandere, he would immediately answer a ‘YES’.

~~~

Yoshiro sat on a bench in the middle of the boutique. He couldn’t believe the experience that he just gone through that afternoon. “Shiro-chan, which one would look better, pink or green?” Mami asked her dazed boyfriend causing him to snap back from reality. Yoshiro blinked repeatedly as he stares at the two identical blouses but with different colors.
“Did you have fun with Rina earlier?” Yoshiro shrugged at Mami’s question. Anything that could describe his experience with Rina, fun was absolutely not the right word to use. “How could you manage to say that I had ‘fun’? She gave me a crash course of ‘Why you should LOVE Scandal’ while you were getting ready. Rina-san even made me sign up for a Scandal Mania membership which I paid against my will by the way.” Yoshiro retorted annoyingly.
It’s not that Yoshiro doesn’t love the band but Scandal’s genre of music is not just his type. They performed great without a doubt about it but he couldn’t just make himself love them as an artist because he needs to. That would be unfair to the both party.
Mami just gave a soft laughter which made Yoshiro laugh along with her. “But thank you for rescuing me from her. If you didn’t remind me of our dinner tonight I could still be listening to Rina-san’s lecture and who knows when it will end.” Yoshiro smiled at his girlfriend.
“About that dinner, why do I need to wear these kinds of dresses anyway?” Mami complained while fluttering the blouses that she was holding. “It’s a five star restaurant, Mami. People need to wear these annoying types of clothes to fit in.” Yoshiro answered also complaining about the clothes. “Then why do we have to dine in a five star restaurant? The okonomiyaki restaurant near your store is totally fine with me.” Mami continued to complain.
“It’s my way of making it up to you from what I’ve done last night and I’m paying for the clothes anyway. I just don’t want to waste a free meal from a five star restaurant.” Yoshiro uttered slyly forming a smirk on his lips. Mami tilted her head the side. “What do you mean by ‘free meal’?” She questioned innocently.
Yoshiro blushed from Mami’s cuteness every time she asks questions innocently. “Hey, why the hell are you blushing?” Mami blurted when she noticed her boyfriend is blushing which is causing her also to blush. “Just choose something already so we can get this over with.” Yoshiro countered.
After several minutes have passed, Mami had finally chosen a blue floral Sunday’s dress and matched it with white high heels. “You look good with blue. Did you know that my favorite color is blue?” Yoshiro said while observing the beauty in the dressing room. “You have a generic taste of color.” Mami commented.
Yoshiro puffed as he crosses his arms not liking his girlfriend’s comment. “Now let me change so we can go.” He walked into the dressing room beside Mami’s. “You should’ve changed earlier, you know?” Mami mocked. Her boyfriend then peered from the curtain of the dressing room that he is in. “I wanted to see you in a dress first.” He said giving Mami his warm childish grin and then went back inside.

~~~

Mami and Yoshiro entered an expensive looking restaurant. Mami is starting to doubt herself if she really did choose the right dress for the place because the people around them are wearing flashier clothes than Yoshiro and her.
“You look way beautiful than all of these women combined.” Yoshiro muttered reassuringly as if reading his girlfriend’s thoughts. Mami didn’t know what to say so she just nodded as she squeezes tighter the grip on her hand which is wrapping her boyfriend’s arm.
“A table for two, sir?” The restaurant’s host asked Yoshiro when they reached the reservation both. “We have a reservation for Nakashima.” Yoshiro answered in his calm yet proud tone that Mami found it impressive from someone who can act like a kid and smiles like a kid. The host made a surprise expression. “Mr. Nakashima, this way please.” He mumbled nervously while ushering the couple to follow him.
The host alerted all the staff that he passed by that their customer Nakashima is already in the restaurant. Mami seemed to be confused from why they are making a big deal about Yoshiro being in the restaurant. “What did you do?” Mami asked curiously to Yoshiro who seemed to be cool and wasn’t bothered by the restaurant’s staff buzz.
“I didn’t do anything.” Yoshiro answered feigning innocence although Mami can see right through him that he’s hiding something. “Then why are the staffs are on chaos as soon as you said your name?” He smirks slyly as he examined her baffled face. “You will know why later but for now, let’s just find our sits and order something to eat.” Yoshiro answered. Mami then just followed him while still clinging on his arm.
The host leads them to a table for four near by the grand piano which is the center piece of the flashy restaurant. Mami is now more confuse why Yoshiro would reserve a table for four. She just sat there in silence watching Yoshiro scan over the menu that the host had given to them before he left their table.
Yoshiro looked like he is used to these kinds of place. By the way he handled and talked to the restaurant’s host earlier is somewhat the evidence. Well, the guy is the only son, though a bastard’s son but a son nonetheless, and heir of the famous Naka Tech Company. Mami shouldn’t be surprise by this trivial thing and just accept that her boyfriend has a very complicated family relationship.
Yoshiro was trying to explain the menu to Mami because it was written in English and Italian when the host came back. “Mr. Nakashima, there’s a phone call waiting for you. He said it’s urgent.” The host said softly. Yoshiro turned his attention to Mami and sees his girlfriend nod in agreement that it was okay to leave her. He then prompts up and made his way to the customer service.
Mami continued to decipher the menu causing her eyebrows to arch. “A lovely woman, like you, shouldn’t make a grumpy face like that, you know?” Her face snapped upwards looking at a middle aged man standing near the table. “Excuse me?” Mami asked as politely as she can manage. “Can I sit?” The man motioned to the chair on Mami’s right side. She was about to refuse but the man is already sitting beside her.
Mami managed to look at the man’s face clearly and to her surprise, he was strikingly handsome. The slightly dark skin complimented his dark round eyes and a stumbled beard giving him a sense of maturity which seemed to be appealing to Mami in an odd way.
“Why would a fine young lady be alone here tonight?” The man’s question pulled Mami from her daydream. “I am with someone, my boyfriend to be exact.” She muttered boyfriend in emphasis. The man chuckled and leaned over the table resting his forearm on it. “And where is this irresponsible boyfriend of yours who can easily leave his woman alone in open water?” Mami now confirmed that this man is hitting on her and she didn’t find someone calling her boyfriend irresponsible to be funny.
Mami put down the menu on the table and sit up straight on her chair. “Isn’t it rude calling someone irresponsible even though you don’t know the person? And to answer your question, he went to the customer service to answer an urgent call.” Mami retorted and she’s starting to be pissed off.
“A call that you tricked me in answering in order to harass my girlfriend. That was a cheap trick, Seishiro.” Yoshiro muttered in a tired tone standing behind Mami’s chair. To Mami’s surprise the man laughed loudly his voice echoing in the room. Good thing that the place was not crowded. “That was fast, Yoyo-chan. I thought you would take at least another thirty seconds.” The man answered with his own provocation.
A cold silence came and making Mami to be confused from what exactly is happening around her. “You should sit down now, Yoyo-chan. It seems like you need some explaining to do.” The man muttered firmly as if dictating Yoshiro to sit obediently like a dog. Surprised, Mami watched Yoshiro sat down on a chair directly across the man to her left.
“Yoyo-chan?” It was the only thing that Mami could think of saying from the awkward situation that she’s in. She swore to herself that she would beat Yoshiro into pulp after this. Her boyfriend looked at her as if trying to find the right words to say on her face.
“You’re not allowed to call me Yoyo-chan.” Yoshiro’s mood switch was flipped as what Mami would call it every time he would change his mood instantly. “Why won’t you let her call you by that name? And I didn’t know that you’re a control freak type of a boyfriend, Yoyo-chan.” The man mused. Yoshiro shot him a death glare but he didn’t seem to be bothered about it.
It ended up being a staring contest for a couple of seconds when Yoshiro broke from stare first and sighed heavily. He couldn’t believe that the man in front of him is acting this way again. Yoshiro knew that the man would definitely do something like this but he didn’t expect that the person would use an idiotic trick which he fell into.
“Now, will anyone please explain to me what exactly is happening?” Mami was the one who broke the silence between the three of them on the table. Both of the men by her side stared at her. “The man who is sitting across me is Seishiro, the CEO of Naka Tech.” Yoshiro mumbled while rubbing the side of his temple.
The CEO of Naka Tech. Mami solved the easy puzzle rather quickly. “He is you father?” Mami exclaimed. Seishiro made surprised expression when he heard Mami’s question to his son. “You already told her, Yoyo-chan?” He asked curiously like a high school boy asking his friend if he already confessed to the girl he likes. “Yes” It was the only word that Yoshiro could manage to let out.
Mami and Seishiro turned their heads to each other and smiled awkwardly. “It’s my pleasure meeting a member of a famous rock band.” Seishiro said while extending his hand. “I’m honored to meet the CEO of Naka Tech.” Mami answered accepting his hand and then they shake hands.
“This is going to be a long dinner.” Yoshiro said to himself.

~~~

Mami stormed inside the apartment creating a big ruckus. The three other members were startled from the loud entrance while playing Mario Kart in Xbox in the living room. “Come on, Mami. Be reasonable.” Yoshiro followed her from outside pleading. She didn’t answer and just continued walking inside without looking back. Mami didn’t even noticed the three sitting by the coffee table who are about to witness a scene from a drama series.
“Don’t tell me that you didn’t enjoy the dinner with my father?” Yoshiro ignored the three girls on the living room and just followed his girlfriend. Mami stopped abruptly and turns to Yoshiro. “Meeting your father was not the issue here. The issue here is you not telling me that I’m going to meet your father. Do you that I looked like an idiot back there? That was not how I envisioned myself meeting the CEO of Naka Tech.” Mami retorted furiously.
The three peeping toms’ gasps were clearly heard by Yoshiro and Mami. The both of them turned their heads to the direction of the couch where the three are sitting. “So, how did the dinner go?” Tomomi asked the most inappropriate question. Mami glared at her boyfriend. “Obviously not fine.” She then dumped all the things she’s carrying to Yoshiro and went up to her room. He groaned in frustration and followed his angry girlfriend upstairs determined to settle this issue once and for all.
The only sound now that can be heard in the living room is the background music of Mario Kart. “Yoshiro-kun’s father is the CEO of Naka Tech? Did you know about it Tomo-chan?” Rina asked still gathering the new information she just heard. Tomomi shakes her head desperately. “Mamitasu never mentioned anything about Yoshiro-kun’s family.” She then answered the drummer’s question.
“Wait, let’s google about the owners of Naka Tech.” Haruna pulled out her iPhone from her pocket and starts searching. The three of them waited in anticipation as the page loads.
Nakashima Seishiro, one of Japan’s finest entrepreneurs and the Naka Tech’s newest Chief Executive Officer, reveals the newest television technology to the world.
The picture of Nakashima Seishiro below the headline made Haruna stop scrolling down to read the rest of the article. “Yoshiro-kun’s family name is Nakashima, right?” Rina asked trying to confirm the obvious fact. Tomomi and Haruna could just manage to nod at their drummer’s question.
A soft knocking echoed in the room causing the three members to recover from the shock. Haruna decided to open the door. She froze when she saw a tall, dark and handsome man standing on the door way. “Did I get the right address? Sasazaki Mami-san lives here, right?” The man asked the small leader. Rina and Tomomi could only gasp at the sight on the doorway.
“Y-yes, this is where S-sasazaki Mami lives.” Haruna somehow answered the question. The man then gave her a familiar warm and childish smile. “Really? Great! I’m Nakashima Seishiro, Yoshiro’s dad. You know Yoshiro, right? Anyways, I’m here to give a present to Mami-san which I forgot to give it to her earlier. Though I really want to give this to her personally but I still have things to do and I kinda need to run. Can you please give this to her instead?” Seishiro said casually.
Haruna just nodded at him, at loss of words to say. “Thank you very much. I need to go now, bye.” Seishiro then waved good bye and walks away. Haruna slowly closed the door and couldn’t believe what actually happen. “Did I just answer the door to the CEO of Naka Tech?” Haruna tried to make sure that she’s actually awake and not dreaming.
Tomomi and Rina run towards Haruna and took the envelope with a Naka Tech logo printed on it from their dazed leader. “We need to take this to Mami-chan.” Rina suggested excitedly. “But I think the love birds are still fighting.” Tomomi answered worriedly.
Haruna then took back the envelope from Rina and made her way to the stairs. “Knowing Mami, the both of them are now probably having a staring contest.” She continued walking to up to Mami’s room. Rina and Tomomi look at each before following Haruna.
The small leader couldn’t hear any voice inside the room so her suspicion is probably right. She knocked loudly making sure that she’ll catch both of their attention inside. The two younger girls managed to catch up with Haruna before Mami opened the door.
Shocked, Mami stared at the three girls who are outside of her room. “What is it?” She asked in a raspy voice. Haruna could see Yoshiro leaning on the desk beside Mami’s bed. “A man named Nakashima Seishiro came but he left immediately and said to give this envelope to Mami.” Haruna muttered loudly making sure that Yoshiro would hear it.
Mami observed the enveloped that Haruna handed to her and noticed the logo of Naka Tech at the upper left corner. She opened it hesitantly and scanned the contents inside. Mami then moved away and sat on her bed. She first took out a piece of paper with something is written on it.
Please accept this present to the both you. Yoshiro can be a pain in the ass sometimes so just bear with him. Mami-san is the first girlfriend that he talked about with me which really made me happy. I would usually force him to talk asking that does he have a girlfriend or not. Moving on, I hope you like the island of Okinawa.
Sei-chan
Mami finished reading the letter from Seishiro. She then hand the letter to Yoshiro to let him read the embarrassing parts that his eccentric father wrote and continued to read the remaining papers in the envelope.
“Shit! Mami hand me that envelope now.” Yoshiro said in hurry. He looks like he’s afraid of something that is about to come. Mami was confused but still handed the envelope to Yoshiro in the end. He rummaged the papers inside. “What’s the matter, Shiro-chan?” Mami asked worriedly.
“Shiro-chan?” Haruna repeated the last word that Mami uttered and laughed loudly. The lead guitarist completely forgot that they were still there as if waiting for something. “What are you three still doing here?” Mami asked in annoyance by her members’ nosiness. “We were curious about what’s inside the envelope. The CEO of the Naka Tech handed it Haruna, you know? We should at least know what’s inside.” Rina retorted in-a-matter-of-act tone.
Yoshiro called out Mami getting her attention. “Do you have a two days straight of break in the upcoming days?” He asked tiredly. The lead guitarist looked at the members trying to ask the same question to them. “I think Ei-chan mentioned last night that we were given two days break next week after the Miyazaki Fest.” Tomomi answered for them.
“Why did you ask, Yoshiro?” Mami was the one who asked Yoshiro this time. He sighed loudly before putting back all the papers into the envelope. “Seishiro just booked a vacation for two people in Okinawa for two days and two nights, and it’s none refundable.” He answered dismissingly.

Chapter 11: Shiroten with Love
April 26, 2014; Saturday
MAMI’S POV
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!
I’m freaking late and the bus ride didn’t help me in getting me on time at all. I should’ve set my alarm last night to make sure that I’ll wake up early. I’m sure Kichan-sensei won’t be happy by my late arrival. I check the time on my iPhone, which I find it hard to use, and it’s already 9:13AM. I curse to myself for over sleeping today. It was that stupid voice’s fault.
I woke up in the middle of the night by the voice that I’ve been hearing since I woke up in the hospital. The only difference now is that I can actually hear a guy’s voice singing some songs clearly that I’m not familiar with. Most of the songs are in English.
This started since two weeks ago. The last thing that I could remember that night was me begun to get dizzy while I was walking back to my apartment from the guitar lessons. Good thing Kichan-sensei was still around that time and managed to help me. He brought me to my apartment and left after I said to him that I was fine.
I know Kichan-sensei said something to me causing my brain to go on haywire and made me feel that way. I just couldn’t remember what it is and since then I could now clearly hear a guy’s singing voice. The sound of his voice was calm and reassuring. It also felt very familiar.
My fast walking became running when I spot Kichan-sensei. He’s busy connecting wires to the amp to the guitar and the bass. Three guys are with him but seem like they’re just watching him do the work. “Kichan-sensei, I’m sorry I’m late.” I said almost yelling while I catch my breath from all the running I did.

