

Last Stop to Nowhere


By P X Duke


Copyright © 2022 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-1-928161-34-9


REVISED AND EDITED


What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.


9 8 7 6 5 4 3




Last Stop to Nowhere


Contents


1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10


11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19


20 | 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27


The Last Goodbye


More

About




ONE


Bobbie


I STRETCHED BENEATH the sticky sheet. Sat up. Listened. The dead air below deck lay thick with too much humid, fetid air. Legs flailed, fighting the sweaty sheet. Finally winning when it ended up at the foot of the bunk. A small pleasure with not much result.
Water slap-slapped at the side of the sloop. No sound of sails flapping. No engine sounds, either. Only gentle rocking.
I groaned and forced my exhausted body out of the rack. I pulled on socks and pushed feet into well-worn, low-cut boots before sliding the hatch back and climbing on deck. Relief from the humidity was immediate.
—Where are we?
Rising sun reflected off the water. I brought up a hand to shield my eyes. Low dark clouds in the distance said rain would come sooner rather than later. A yacht-club flag flapped crisply in the wind. The rope slapped the pole, forcing it to sing.
—We're in a marina. Put some clothes on.
—In a marina where?
I wasn't moving until I had an answer.
—Diamondhead.
The man stood up from tying off. Kennedy. We’d been together for a week. Or maybe it was ten days. I lost count. That’s how unbearable the job was. I crewed on his yacht into so many ports I lost track of them, too.
—Diamond Head? What the hell? Did someone drug me? Why am I in Hawaii?
Kennedy’s eyes roamed over my naked body. I didn’t care. For spite, I arched my back and raised my arms while pretending to stretch. His eyes found mine, finally.
—Mississippi. You're in Mississippi.
I laughed, relieved, and ran fingers through long, tangled hair. It was a futile motion to rid myself of the bedhead that followed me topside.
—Go below and put some clothes on.
I dropped my arms, stepped down into the cabin, and disappeared. I splashed water on my face before pulling on shorts and an old, ratty tee. Added a woolen shirt to ward off the damp, chilly, early morning Gulf air. Soft-soled ankle boots and rolled-down socks covered the rest. Topside, I searched pockets for the pair of cheap sunglasses.
—What's the plan?
I looked at the man. He stared back, a hard look. I didn't care what he saw this time, either.
—You packed?
I dropped the duffel at my feet and gave it a desultory kick.
—Got the phone?
I nodded, and he stepped aboard. The weight rocked the sailboat. I picked up the duffel and made to climb onto the wharf. Kennedy stepped back, making room for me to pass. I didn't see the fist pulling back. It smashed into my face. I tumbled back against the rigging. Sunglasses flew into the water.
—Bastard. What was that for?
I didn't bother hiding the hateful look taking over my face. He made so many unsuccessful passes at me, he took it for granted by now.
—There’ll be more if you screw up. A lot more. And because you’re a bitch.
His upper body shifted, telegraphing the second swing. I dodged and leaned. He missed, and the fist thumped hard against my chest. The force of the blow launched me backwards a second time. It left me breathless and in pain. This time, it was the jackline’s turn to save me.
I used the jackline for support. Brought up a boot. Kicked. Connected. Hard.
—Screw you, Kennedy.
Still gasping for air, I spit out the weak exclamation. Kennedy doubled over and collapsed. He stayed on his side, unmoving but for knees coming up. Hands moved to grip his balls.
Bullseye.
—That was because you’re an asshole.
I went through the man’s pockets to find the wallet I knew was always there. I pulled out the wad of cash. Stuffed it into a shirt pocket. Tossed the empty wallet on the deck. Climbed onto the wharf. I turned in time to see him grab for the rigging. Doubled over and struggling, he pulled himself up.
For good measure, I gave him the finger. He was still struggling to get enough wind to yell.
—That's it, girl. Feisty and looking for trouble.
Huffing and puffing.
—Don't screw up or you're dead. Remember that. And not only you. Your family, too. All of them.
Pretending to act braver than I felt, I kicked up my heels and danced in a circle while making for shore. Too scared to look back. I hitched the duffel over my shoulder before throwing up double fingers and then straightened and hurried past the gate.
How stupid was my brother, though? Thanks to him, the gravity of the situation hadn’t sunk in. How was I responsible for him? It was all too much. I had places I wanted to be, but now I was forced to find him and help him.
Would Kennedy be crazy enough to kill my entire family? I'd heard about that happening on news reports about the drug situation in Mexico. Did they do that in America, too? I couldn’t remember anything about it on the news channels. Surely it would have made endless TV headlines, over and over.
I counted out five hundred and change from Kennedy’s wallet. It was in my pocket now. Not so bad. I stuffed it into the duffel. The truck stop was due north, if I remembered the map.
The weather wasn’t about to do me any favors. The storm looked to be more than just local, and it was moving in fast, brought on by the wind. I made it past the yacht club gate in time for the black sky to open up. Wind-driven rain poured down. In minutes, I was looking and feeling like a drowned rat. I hauled out a waterlogged thumb just in time for a redneck half-ton to brake.
I knew it was redneck by the painted flames coming out of the wheel wells. That it was jacked-up on tractor-sized tires only served to prove me right. The wheels locked, and the truck slid sideways on the wet road. It halted in front of me. The door opened. I tossed my rain-soaked bag onto the bed.
It took effort and a handrail to step up. I wheezed, thanks to Kennedy’s beating. I wondered how many prom dates in heels and gowns the driver might have hauled around in an outfit like that. I made it plain where I needed to be, and in that same instant, knew for sure he didn’t have a girlfriend.
Ten-day stubble, a wife-beater, and bib overalls spoke to that.


Jim


I finished packing my go-bag with the automatic and two oversize mags. Allie chose that moment to walk into the trailer. Her eyes flicked from the table with the open bag to me.
—You're going.
—I have to. I'll not have any peace until I end it. Once and for all.
There was nothing more I could say that would be capable of convincing her of anything.
—That won't bring Pilar back.
I stopped what I was doing and looked at Allie.
—No. I know that. It's going to bring me back.
So I hoped. The downward spiral since losing my wife, Pilar, had been endless.
—Or you'll die trying.
—Something like that.
She leaned against the counter. Allie’s gaze remained fixed on me. I looked away and carried on, pretending to be busy.
—You're not fooling me. After I leave, it's going to be Erica's turn, so don't think you're getting off Scott-free.
—I wouldn't have it any other way. Erica must have mellowed, though, if she's planning on talking me out of leaving.
—If you had bothered to pay attention, you'd have seen it. She forgave you a long time ago. You just don't realize it.
I found that hard to believe. Erica hated me from the moment I got involved with her sister, Kara. That I'd ended up married to her had sent Erica over the deep end for a while. It was as though she knew I wouldn't be good for her sister.
And I wasn't. Kara was dead, killed in an explosion. I had wanted to see the body, for without that, who the hell knew anything for sure? The thing is, there was no body. None that I could find, at least.
—Well, if you insist. But I'll have to hear her tell me to believe it.
Allie wrapped her arms around me and hugged me hard.
—Be careful. Please.
I hugged her back, just as hard.
—I will.
—There's a place for you here. No matter what.
—I know.
But did I? I had to be the stupidest son of a bitch in the world every time I walked away from Allie and everything she offered. I'd done it more than once, too. In fact, I'd worn holes in my shoes walking away.
—The keys are in the car if anyone wants to use it. I'll be cabbing it to a beater I picked up.
—Then you're driving?
—Yes. But you don't know that. No one does.
—All right. Here comes Erica with the whole family. Be nice.
—I will. You know that.
—Remember. Everything is here. When you decide what you want.
Lily and James and Zelda and Zoe bounded through the trailer's narrow door, laughing and talking a mile a minute. Erica brought up the rear as though she was the one herding them in my direction.
—Jeez you guys. Take it easy. You're a tornado and you know how long trailers last in one of those.
—I heard you're going away again, Uncle Jim. I wanted to come and say goodbye. So did James and Zelda and Zoe. We're going to miss you until you get back.
Even the dogs had long faces. I couldn't get away from it.
—That's nice of you to say. It means a lot to me.
Erica rested her hand on her daughter's shoulder. Her other went to James, as though protecting both. Just as Kara, his mother, had done on the resort's wharf the first time I saw the two of them together.
—James, what do you say to taking care of Zoe for me? Do you think you could do that until I come back?
He looked up at me, shy, awkward, still not sure where I stood in the grand scheme of his life.
—I'd like that.
It pleased me to hear him say it.
—She's a good dog. She listens. She comes when she's called. But you know that, right? She likes you, too. That's important. And you like her.
—I'll take good care of her. I promise.
—Thank you, James. Maybe Lily and Zelda can help if you need it. Right, Lily?
Lily nodded furiously. Zelda woofed. She was convinced, too.
The kids, followed by the dogs, scrambled out of the trailer. Only Erica remained.


Allie had warned me. Still, it surprised me when Erica went to the door and closed it.
—So you're going through with it.
—News travels fast in this part of the marina, doesn't it?
—You must know by now you don't have to do it on my account. I forgave you a long time ago.
She might have, but I hadn't forgiven myself. Not yet, at least. I still had demons that needed chasing down. I was prepared for it to take a long time.
—The car is there. I left the keys in case you want to give Lily driving lessons.
—She gets those at school. I suppose a few lessons in someone else's beater would be a good thing.
—It's no beater—
Erica grinned and held up her hands.
—I know, Jim. I'm just trying to keep it light.
—Like your sister. In more ways than one.
—I can't talk you into changing your mind—
—If Allie couldn't, you can't. I need to do this, Erica. I'll find out who the boy's father is, too, if I can.
—That doesn't matter.
—It might not now, but one day, he'll be wondering. And asking. What will you tell him?
—You're right. I know that. But—
She halted.
—Let's agree to disagree for now. We'll talk about it when I get back.
—We're all counting on you getting back. No matter what. Have you got everything you need?
—I think so. If not, well, I'll make do.
Erica hugged me too tight, and I figured out all by myself that she forgave me. Even so, a job needed to be done. I wouldn't rest until I ended it.
—Take care of James.
—I will. And thank you.
I didn't ask her for what. I already knew.


Under a cloudy sky and well before first light I threw my bag into the taxi and directed the driver in the general direction of the abandoned lot and my stashed beater. I got out two blocks distant and made my way on foot. Better safe than sorry. Even though I'd never be sorry until this was over with. If I had time, even then.
The wind was picking up fast, whipping dust and debris and anything else it could throw in a frenzy. The storm would be a doosie and I knew I would be glad to be underway. I faced sixty miles of slow going until I hit the 10 and turned west.
My automatic was stashed, along with the special mags. They'd turn up if the car was dismantled for a drug search. I hoped a drug-sniffing dog would show up before that happened.
I had two knives with sheaths. I came up with a strap and figured I could make my way with both attached to my lower legs. The break-apart sheaths would give me an edge. If worse came to worse. Even though I knew I'd never be as proficient as Kara. I'd make do in close quarters.
Finally, at the 10, I turned west. Only a thousand miles to go. I set the cruise and readied for the long, solitary haul over the interstate. I wasn’t at my first gas stop and already I realized I should have flown.


The storm blowing in off the gulf wasn’t a local event, as I had hoped. There would be no driving past it. Wind-driven rain streaked across the flooded highway in waves. Come daylight, the cloud base darkened and descended with a vengeance. Cars swerved. Semis pulled off at exits, leaving the road to fools like me.
I turned on the radio, looking for a weather report. Unintelligible voices broken only by static came at me. Smashing a fist against the dash in frustration did nothing to improve my disposition. I gave up and fiddled with the weak stream emanating from the AC. It wasn’t doing me any favors, either.
Before long, windows began fogging. I reached across and cranked down the window on the opposite side. Water soaked the seat, but the windows kept clear. If the wipers held, I’d be pulling off on the next turnout to wait out the storm.
But for one woman only, I wouldn't be making this trip. My wife. Pilar. It turned out the plane crash wasn't caused by mechanical failure. By the time the Feds tied up the loose ends in their investigation, a small amount of explosive residue had been discovered in Pilar's luggage.
That was news. And that was why I wasn't able to put my hands on her luggage once the investigation concluded. I wondered about that, but figured it was just a standard part of an aircraft accident investigation. Following the third degree I got regarding my wife and her ties to violent extremism, I was pretty much fed up with bureaucracy. TSA. NSA. FBI. Homeland Security.
Screw them. They were all show and no go.
Pilar was no terrorist. Dead and buried, she was branded as one. The investigation stopped when they figured out they could use her as a scapegoat. No going deep into backgrounds. No wondering why it was placed in her luggage. It was straight out dereliction of duty by everyone.
It didn’t surprise me. In fact, I became accustomed to it by the end. Disgusted by the stonewalling and finally by the outright denial of any further need to investigate, my wife Pilar was tried and convicted in absentia. I was blindsided. Fed up with the incompetence, I decided on the spot I'd be the one to do the investigating.
I shook my head in disgust. I'd gone about planning on making the score even. One way or the other. It looked to be the other ending up on the receiving end of my lot in life.
I settled back in the seat. Even with the windows part-way down in the rain, I wished I hadn’t cheaped out on the rental. Air that worked would be nice. And a radio. On the other hand, my growing mean streak would only get worse the hotter it got. And in nine hundred miles, my mean streak would have plenty of time to fester.
The problem would be losing control. I had to stay calm. Think things through. If one course of action didn’t work, I’d be forced to stop, hold up, and try another.
Piece of cake.


The fierce wind driving the deluge turned the interstate into a wind-swept river. The green and white sign said Diamondhead. A break in the weather heralded by a patch of blue most likely wouldn't last long.
I passed the massive truck lot populated by idling semis. Two waterlogged women walked the line. Lot lizards, most likely, struggling to make their way in the wind down the long line of parked and idling semis.
Driven by the wind, diesel perfume floated into the car’s open windows. Huge banners planted in cement-filled tires flapped something about a sale. Gas and go, I figured.
I eased up to the building in the shelter of the downwind side and shared the real estate with a woman leaning against the building. While I pumped fuel, I took another look. She didn’t appear to be a lot lizard. Like me, the drifter didn’t look happy to be here, either.
More likely a hitchhiker taking shelter from the storm. Her relief would be short-lived. Still, she looked like a drowned rat—or whatever a drowned rat looked like. I felt sorry for her until she turned and I got a better look at part of a face turning from deep purple to almost black. I felt even sorrier.
—Quite an eye you have there.
She tossed a sullen look my way and placed a foot on a duffel bag. Perhaps she thought I'd make a try to take it from her.
—You should see the other person.
I grinned.
—Yeah, I've said that a time or two myself. I never for a minute believed it, though.
I pulled open the door into the stop'n'go, on the prowl for coffee and a burrito. Music blared from overhead speakers. First things first. I headed past the shower rooms, on the lookout for the restroom. I splashed cold water on my face. Wiped away sticky perspiration. Cleaned up as best I could. Made for the counter.
I navigated my way past racks of CD movies and gift cards and candy bars and bags of potato chips. I overheard someone say the food was fresh made. A burrito called my name. I added a coffee to go.
On the spur of the moment, I doubled the order.
For luck, I picked out a pair of sunglasses, paid, and headed for the door. A black, jacked-up half-ton with shiny, thousand-dollar rims wearing oversize tires rumbled by. I halted to see it disappear around the side of the building. Tires screeched on wet pavement. A door opened and slammed so loud I could hear it from inside.
The woman's redneck boyfriend. In a redneck town filled with redneck women pretending to be the town toughies. Probably with more than a few tattoos to convince the locals it was true.
The scream wasn’t quite blood-curdling, but it was loud enough to keep me in the store until I knew more. I didn’t want my burritos going cold, either. I ventured forth for a look-see and a second scream said go faster. The black-eyed girl was competing in a wrestling match with a fat man who must have gotten out of the truck. She swung a roundhouse and missed and then kicked and missed. The fight looked to be over.
Couples therapy. It had to be how she got the black eye.
She stomped him a good one on the instep. He yelled and cursed, and she shimmied and ducked and almost slipped out of his grip. Fat man number two behind the wheel got out to help his friend. Circling behind the pair, he got his arms around the woman and squeezed.
The yelling halted. The air blasted out of her lungs so loud and fast I could hear the wheeze. He lifted her off the ground. Her feet began their dance as he carried her to the truck. There was a last bit of struggle left in the woman, but it was only her feet kicking feebly at empty air.
She was done for.
The look she gave me before she was forced to surrender said help. I would have moved in sooner, but she was doing such a good job until she was outmatched. That wasn’t right. Two men against a lone girl. I kept my eye on stranger number two and sidled over to the fat one with his arms full of woman too limp to struggle.
Maybe I could even the odds.
—What's going on here, woman? You know these rednecks? One of them your boyfriend?
Her eyes shifted to me. The look of panic behind them said no. As if I needed more convincing, she shook her head from side to side. I turned my attention to fatty.
—Let her go.
He turned to look at me, dragging the girl with him. That was number two's clue. He advanced, thinking I wasn’t paying attention. I kicked out with a roundhouse foot, wanting to connect with the outside of his knee. I missed and caught the kneecap. I tried a second time. He dropped like a stone, almost taking the girl and his friend with him as he tumbled against them on the way down.
I owned him now. For good measure, I gave him a foot in the gut. That was fat-man's cue to toss the girl and make good on his friendship with number two by taking care of me. I wasn’t having any of it.
—You can turn tail and walk or you can get on the ground with your friend. Your choice.
Fat man stayed. His mistake. Face to face, I kicked upwards to meet his kneecap with the toe of my boot. A shocked look crossed his face, and he doubled over in agony and dropped to his knees. The damaged knee landed on asphalt. He wailed in agony.
I drove a fist into his side and it sunk in like it was quicksand. I let him have one to the side of the head and he hit the rain-soaked ground like a sack of flour minus the dust.
Game over.
I looked over at the girl. She was shaken and pale as a sheet. It forced the black eye to stand out even more. She looked to be okay otherwise, and then I remembered to shake my hand. It felt as though I broke it.
—Thank you. I don’t know what I would have done—
She reached to take the hand like a mother comforting a child. I allowed her to touch me before pulling away.
—It’s fine. Don’t go away.
I used the break in the action to run through pockets. I found the truck keys still in the ignition and tossed them. I retrieved the bag of goodies I left in the store and sat down at the picnic table. I waved for the traveler to join me.
I held out the sunglasses, followed by the bag of food. She hesitated, using the opportunity for a studied stare into my eyes. She grabbed for the glasses first and propped them on her nose.
—Good choice. They suit you. Even better, they conceal the damages. Most of it, anyway. So far.
I grinned, and the light rain and the wind chose that moment to declare another truce. Blue sky broke through, followed by sunshine. It wouldn't last long. Low dark overcast was blowing in as a reminder that the storm would only get worse.
—You might want some of this, too.
I passed the bag across the table. She settled in and waited until I withdrew my hand before making a grab. Wary. She looked inside. Hauled out the burrito. Unwrapped it faster than a raccoon and devoured it in three bites.
—I'm always on the lookout for a good story. You got one about that eye?
She stopped chewing long enough to swallow. She opened the bag and looked in a second time. Idle conversation wasn’t the first thing on her mind.
—You gonna eat the other one or what?
It looked like she wanted to devour the bag. I didn't want to get in the way.
—It’s yours.
—Thanks. The manager threw me out when he figured I was a storm refugee with no money to buy anything. 
She looked up from the empty bag.
—There’s plenty more where that came from. What do you take in your coffee?
She looked at me through the dark glasses.
—My eye’s not so bad.
From what I could tell, it was only getting blacker. I wanted to know if she often deluded herself.
—If you believe that, you might get a second opinion by looking in a mirror. I could give you an unbiased opinion. If you want one, that is.
She didn’t even crack a bit of a smile. I grinned anyway, just because. Breaking the ice with this one would be a challenge. I wanted to know if I’d get the chance.
—Cream and sugar, please and thanks. Maybe you could pick out a cap for me, too.
I returned with the goodies. She dumped it all in her cup and replaced the lid. I spied a black and white on the other side of the building, driving the line of semis in the enormous lot. From where she sat, she couldn’t see it.
Yet.
—I crewed a sloop into this dump. Nothing but old people, tennis tournaments and dog shows. When I didn't get paid, I clipped the owner and rummaged his pockets for my money.
The half-ton and its occupants were out of sight. The black and white started to make its way towards the store. I caught the girl glancing at the reflection. She rummaged through her open bag in a hurry.
She found what she was looking for, tugged off her top, and groaned. She struggled to get her arms through before pulling it down. It was only a short groan, but it was a lot louder this time.
—It’s time to go. I'll bring my car around.
—That would be all right.
She pulled on the ball cap. I could feel her eyes burning into my back as I made for the car. No doubt she was wondering if she'd need to tackle me at some point if she accepted my offer. That was all right. I'd wonder too were I her.
I reached across and opened the door.
—Thanks.
I must have passed the test. She tossed her wet bag into the back and hurried to slide in.
—I'm Jim Nash.
I didn't bother holding out my hand. Neither did she. I figured she'd talk when she wanted to. Instead, I went with flattery.
—Those wraparounds do a good job.
She reached across for the mirror, adjusted it, and took off the dark glasses. She leaned in for a better look, brushed her fingertips across the bruise, and winced.
I took my own look. Black eye and all, she looked good. Green eyes. Long, black hair. Her skin seemed too pale to have crewed on a boat. I’d ask about it later.
She put on some lip gloss. She must have decided I'd be all right for a couple of hundred miles of silence, at least. Women. She had an eye blacker than midnight and she chose lip gloss.
She pushed the seat back, put her feet up on the dash, and closed her eyes. Long, dark hair fluttered out the window. Inside, it flowed over her shoulder and down in front. I took a better look.
Well-worn clothes, but clean. Low-cut boots on the floor were not too new. Cared for, though. What looked to be a nice-sized pair hid behind a thick wool shirt and a torn tee. That was all right, too.
And she was soaking wet. I turned up the heat.
I readjusted the mirror and went back to driving. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught her checking me out. I ignored her and hoped she felt safe, at least for now. I'd take my time and wait for the story I knew would come in due time.
After a dozen miles of silence, she stopped shivering, came around, and fiddled with the radio. I guessed listening was a better choice than talking. She couldn’t get it to work, either. In frustration, she thumped the dash.
—Yeah. No. That didn’t work for me when I tried it more than once. There’s no air, either.
She flipped billowing hair over her shoulder and looked across the distance between us.
—I noticed. Traveling on a budget, are you?
She cracked. Finally.
I smiled and went on staring down the rain-swept highway.




TWO


Bobbie


I TURNED THEM all down until this one showed up, humping over the flooded rain gutter and splashing into the parking lot. A rental, maybe. You could never know for sure these days. The door squeaked open. I allowed my eyes to roam over the driver.
Male. All by himself. Wrinkled clothes, but they looked clean. Sweaty-looking, but the windows were down.
Probably no air.
He exited, and I looked away. He caught me out and made a smartass comment about the black eye. Typical. He had a nice enough smile, though.
This was the one. Had to be the one. I was sick of being cold and wet. Even sicker of going nowhere when I needed to be on my brother’s trail.
The storm wouldn’t be breaking any time soon, even with the blue sky overhead. The wind was too strong and everything around was low black cloud. I made a show of putting a foot on my duffel. I wanted him to know I was traveling.
He made it obvious he didn’t believe me when I said I gave as good as I got with the black eye. He carried on into the store. A quick look at my reflection in the window and I knew I looked like a one-eyed, waterlogged raccoon.
My eye was even blacker than when I checked it out in the restroom. I tried to make up for it by rubbing on some lip gloss and hoped a nice, sweet smile would do for the rest.
I recognized the driver in the same black half-ton that dropped me off. It braked hard. Rubber squealed on wet pavement. The truck wheeled into the parking lot. He had a partner now.
The friend got out and grabbed for me. I reacted by ducking out of the way. Too late. He connected and a powerful grip tightened on my arms. He shoved and I was forced towards the truck door.
Off balance, I tried a kick, and then a fist. Both connected with empty air. By then, he had his arms all the way around me. He had me off the ground in less time than a heartbeat. I flailed and kicked and made a feeble attempt to smash the back of my head into a face. I managed a scream and then another. Arms tightened around my chest, forcing out what little air I had. I looked after the man I thought was so shit-hot in the beater rental with no air.
He was busy running back into the store.
Chickenshit.
And then, in what seemed like far too long, he was back. I forgave him just as slowly.
—Friends of yours?
My captor squeezed harder. Out of breath and unable to talk, I shook my head.
—Would you like some help with that?
I didn’t think I had to, but I nodded anyway.
—All righty then.
And that was that.
Chickenshit went to work. It was like a fight scene out of a movie. A single kick put one on the ground. It happened that fast. I couldn’t figure how he did it.
He went for number two and it was over in a heartbeat. At least it was for me. I was free. I managed a kick to fat man’s gut before chickenshit lifted me up and carried me off with flailing feet against empty air.
—That’s only fair if you put him there. Next time, okay?
He went for the truck keys in the ignition. He pulled them out and heaved them across the lot.
—They never take their keys. You want something to eat?
I looked across at the bodies on the ground.
—Don’t concern yourself with them. They’re good where they are. They’ll come around by the time we’re ready to go.
Chickenshit must have known I doubted him.
—You didn’t think I was coming back. That’s all right. I didn’t want my food to go cold. Then I figured you probably hadn’t eaten for a while, so I ordered for two.
He smiled a lopsided grin. His eyes crinkled.
—Are we good now?
Yeah, we’re good now. But I didn’t tell him that. He handed over the paper bag and I realized I was starving. I sighed, and he passed a pair of sunglasses my way, too.
I followed him to the picnic table at the side of the building. I wanted to know if he’d still be the one.
I dropped my soaked duffel and threw a leg over the bench. My chest was killing me, thanks to the man who’d squeezed the crap out of me. I eased down slowly and groaned. I tried not to. I couldn't help it.
I tried inhaling slowly, too. My chest was beyond aching. Beneath my shirt, I had to be black and blue to match my damned eye. So much for the nice breasts underneath the camouflage.
He asked about the eye. I knew he would. He wanted to start a conversation. I gave up just enough to let him know I had crewed into town on a schooner.
—So you're a sailor. Got any tattoos?
He grinned. I tried ignoring him. I couldn't. The severe look I was handing out relaxed. I couldn’t prevent the corners of my mouth from curling in a tiny smile.
—For me to know.
I hesitated.
—And you to find out.
And you to find out? Where did that come from? I tried to cover it, though.
—Thanks for the food.
—Yeah. I could tell by the way you chewed at the tinfoil. Remind me not to get between you and the kitchen if I ever get you into an actual restaurant.
I caught the black and white reflecting in the windows. It turned into the parking lot and slowly walked down the lines of semis on the opposite side of the building. I pretended I didn’t see it.
I rummaged in my bag and came up with a fresh shirt. The groans surprised even me as I rushed my arms through the openings and tugged the shirt over my head.
—Time to go, is it?
That was it. I heaved my duffel into the back of the man’s rental beater through another groan and climbed in. I kicked off my boots and propped my feet against the dash. I only wanted to close my eyes, but not before I got a good look at the man.
He reached for the mirror and tilted it towards me.
—Take a look. It's not so bad.
I leaned into it and caught him checking out my chest. I was accustomed to it, but it wasn't like he was being as obvious as most. I let it go. Besides, he was good-looking in a rough and tough kind of way. Something about him. Rugged good looks.
—I’m Jim Nash. Pleased to meet you.
He needed a shave.
I wondered how much I should tell him about the black eye. I was a good liar, but there was something about this one. I stopped worrying and pretended to sleep.
Eventually, it became the real thing.


It sounded like a gunshot and I knew I wasn’t dreaming. I made a grab for the door and the dashboard just as the radio blared. We swerved into the second lane. Jim wrestled with the steering wheel. Worked it back and forth until he got the car slowed down enough to pull onto the shoulder.
—It’s a flat tire. I hope this wreck has a spare.
Oh great. I just got started on my journey and now I’m going to be held up until we get a tow.
—Want me to check the trunk?
—It’s all right. I’ll do it.
Jim was right to hope. There was a spare. Minus a jack stand. Frustrated, he rubbed the back of his neck.
—Come in out of the rain, at least. In this fog, a car might not see us.
I might have known when one halted in front of us. I was worried it could be highway grifters. I needn’t have. It was another kind of grifter.
Kennedy. And I wasn’t happy in the slightest to see him. Jim noticed, too.
—You all right? You look like it’s a zombie horde coming to help. I’m hoping the horde has a jack.
If he only knew. My friend from the sailboat in Diamondhead walked up to the driver’s side and lowered his head. He ignored me but for the quick flick of his eyes. I couldn’t ignore him. My face had to go from pale to picket-fence white.
—We’re missing a tire jack. Any chance we could borrow yours?
Kennedy popped his trunk and handed over the jack stand. Jim went to work on the rear tire. Reluctantly, I joined Kennedy at the back of his car.
—You’re following me.
It wasn’t a question. It was obvious.
—I’m only looking out for my interests. Now get your ass back there. I don’t want him getting suspicious. And remember what I told you.
Not soon enough, we were good to go. Jim slammed the trunk closed and climbed in. Cold and wet from the rain, nervous, shaking, my heart went into pounding overdrive. Even away from the boat, Kennedy was intent on monitoring things.
—You two were like gossiping friends. What were you talking about?
Kennedy was right. I tried to cover it off.
—Just the usual travel stuff. Weather. Restaurants. Motels.
I was sure Jim wouldn’t want to hear how I’d been threatened with death if I didn’t come up with my brother and the missing drugs he was supposed to have stolen. I’d more likely get left on the side of the road if I offered a half-assed explanation.
Any explanation, most likely.
I was being chased after. Followed. Whatever. How else would Kennedy have been so close? He didn’t trust me. And it was even more obvious that no matter what happened, I’d be watched until I found my brother or came up with the drugs.
I wondered if my wanted poster had dead or alive scrawled across the bottom.


Jim


I pulled off the 10 into a gas'n'go and halted at the pumps. I took a good look at the girl through the open window. Her head tilted against the seat back. The long dark hair that kept it covered up to now spilled over her shoulders. She looked at peace but for the huge purple welt and the growing bruise surrounding her eye.
—You want anything?
Not a sound. I walked around and opened the door and gave her shoulder a shake. I should have known better. She closed a hand on my thumb and twisted. It was just hard enough to let me know I shouldn’t do that, and then she released it.
—Point made. Sorry. Do you want anything?
I exaggerated my glance at of the camera and touched my cap. She fished an elastic out of a pocket and tied her hair back in a sloppy ponytail before putting on her own. She adjusted it low over her eyes.
—Whatever you had last time works for me. Thanks.
I made my way to the car with coffee and burritos.
—There's a rest stop down the road. We'll stop there. I could use the break.
The storm broke, and we shared the solitary table in sunshine and measured silence. She wolfed down the food again. She finished and stood up off to the side, on the grass and began working her way through a tai chi routine beside the table.
Smooth. Measured. Proficient. She was all of those. I pretended not to notice. I hurried to stand and found myself confronted by a woman in a half crouch. Hands were fists at the ready.
—Take it easy, cowgirl. I'm only stretching.
She relaxed her wide eyes, and they shifted to the bit of a paunch growing over my belt thanks to the soft living over the past year. Allie’s cooking hadn’t hurt, either.
—Looks like you could use a little exercise to go with that stretch. It works wonders for muffin tops.
She grinned. I shook my head. I guessed it made us even, given my tattoo remark earlier.
—You want to walk? I'll toss your bag out at the crossroads.
Her smile froze. Maybe my comment was a bit much.
—No need. I'm Bobbie. With an i and an e.
It didn’t look like a fake smile. Something had changed. Bobbie offered her hand, and we shook.
—Jim. Pleased to meet you, Roberta.
Her eyes flickered for a split second. I knew then I had her first name nailed, at least.
—Come on. Let's get this shit show on the road before la migra shows up. In a couple hundred or so I'll be getting a room. I'll try for twins at a minimum. You okay with that?
Bobbie didn't say word one.
—Traveling on a budget, remember?
—So I heard. Too bad.
Light rain accompanied by more thick gulf fog took over once more. The fog meant the wind quieted. There was no more steering-wheel wrestling to keep the car on the road. Surrounded by interminable gray fog and the constant squinting into it, the long, tired miles piled up.
The neon said motel. I pulled into the lot, relishing the break in what was turning out to be an endless highway. I was thinking driving might not have been such a smart move.
Bobbie had the bags out of the car and was waiting when I returned from the office. I slipped the key in the door.
—All they had was a single.
She shrugged and followed me into the room. I offered up the bed.
—No. But thanks. I'll take the floor.
She headed off to shower, and I used the opportunity to look through her bag. Clothes rolled to take up a minimum of space. A couple of skirts. Shorts. Shirts. An old flip phone. Nothing of significance showed up other than a passport in her name. At least, in Roberta's first name. Her last was simple enough, too.
Dawson.
By the time the water stopped running, I had everything back the way I found it.
—Your turn.
I knew she'd be wanting to give my bag the same once-over. She was too cautious not to. I didn’t have time to conceal the knives before she returned wearing a towel and a very swollen black eye.
Legs. She had great legs. She caught me looking. How could I not? She seemed to know, too, but she didn’t look upset about it. In fact, she didn’t look upset at all.
When it came to my turn, I let her have plenty of warning. Even so, I was surprised to catch her bent over my bag. I looked long and hard. She knew that, too.
—Nice outfit.
Panties revealed themselves beneath a thin shirt that was just long enough until she bent over. She was bent over. She straightened slowly and turned to meet my gaze. I kept looking. Hell, I was a man. She was a woman. I knew for sure because I already noticed more than once.
—Are you done yet?
I shifted my eyes to look into hers, straight on.
—No.
—Fair enough.
Bobbie turned back to searching through my bag. I said nothing. I waited her out and used the opportunity to look some more.
—Tanto. Good knives. You have two. Should I be concerned?
—I think if you were, you'd have grabbed your bag and hightailed it out the door and down the corridor, all the while trying to dance your clothes on without falling on your ass.
She ignored me. When it came to the women in my life, I was accustomed to that.
—You can have the bed for now. You might wake up with me beside you. Don’t take it personal.
She made a show of taking a knife and putting it in her own bag. I didn’t doubt for a minute it would end up on the floor with her.
—If anything's going to happen, I'll let you know in plenty of time. Okay?


I shifted on the bed and an elbow brushed against something soft and warm beside me. Wide awake now, I listened. Bobbie tossed and groaned. I disentangled from a stray leg and climbed out of bed. At the window, I checked the lot for the car. It was beneath the light where I parked it, undisturbed.
Headlights turned into the lot and traveled back and forth along the line of parked cars. It slowed and hesitated beneath the light over our car. It was just long enough to tell me someone was checking up. I took another look and allowed the curtain to fall back.
Was that for me, or Bobbie? All at once I realized I didn't know a thing about the woman. She’d taken a couple of phone calls after I picked her up. Most of her words had been monotone single syllables. Guarded.
I pulled the curtain wide before heading back to bed. Light streamed into the room, illuminating Bobbie’s form stretched across the bed. I was trying to figure out how I’d climb in without disturbing her when she rolled onto her side. She faced me and propped her head on her hand.
—Are you done yet? Men. Can't live with 'em and a woman can't live without them. Now get back in bed. You've had your notice.
She sat up and stripped off her shirt. I saw why she was groaning. Even in the dim light, the huge black bruise on her breast stood out. I didn't waste time looking. Her breathing labored. I stepped into my pants and pulled on a shirt.
—What’s a girl have to do to get your attention?
A smartass, too. I found the key on the dresser and rushed out the door.
—Are you going to pay the bill at least?
I left it open, and she mumbled something about never hitchhiking again. When I came back, she seemed relieved. Then she saw what I had in my hand.
—You’re more beat up than you know. Believe me when I say that because I’d never turn you down otherwise-even if you are a bit young for my liking. Now lie back and enjoy it.
I grinned, and she gave me a look that said she didn’t know what to think. That was fine by me. She seemed like the type that needed to be kept wondering.
I woke up in the morning in a bed soaked with ice water and a body snuggled against me and shivering something fierce. Goosebumps covered her body. I knew, because I took a quick look before pulling the sheet up.
—It’s all right. I’m awake too. I won’t mind you looking any more if it’ll get you to go for ice.
—Yeah. No. No problem on the ice, but first you’re going to lie back and take it.
She gave me a look like she wanted to kill. I eased the sheet down. My hand went in the general direction of her swollen breast. She moved to brush it away.
—All right. You can pull the sheet up. I’ve had my look. You’re going to suffer though my hand, though. I’m going to check for broken bones.
She didn’t replace the sheet. Her breast was almost black. Her injury was so bad I didn’t want to touch her.
—You need to see a doctor.
—Not unless I need reconstructive surgery.
—Well, at least you’ve got a spare. It’s still in good shape, too.
Bobbie pulled the sheet up and smiled.




THREE


Bobbie


SHE HAD TO go through his bag. If she didn't, she'd worry the entire time. He appeared kind. He’d rescued her, after she first thought he was a chickenshit. That idea got shot to hell in a hurry. The knives bothered her, and she almost regretted finding them. He hadn't made a pass.
She wondered about that.
Whatever.
Then the water stopped running, and she was caught.
—Are you planning on putting everything back where you found it?
She turned back to the bag. She didn't bother pulling down the back of her tee. For some inexplicable reason, she wanted him to know her ass was first-rate to go along with the long legs she knew he had been staring at.
—Tanto. Good knives. Why two?
—Why not? One gets dull, the other isn't.
—I guess.
—So. Are you staying? Or going?
She pretended to consider and hoped she wasn’t too obvious.
—I'll start out on the floor. If you wake up with me in bed beside you, don’t take it personal. If something is going to happen, it's going to be up to me. Understood?
He nodded, and she took a measure of comfort in knowing he’d at least heard her.


The floor was too uncomfortable. She knew it would be, but she wanted to make her point. She was stubborn that way. Her bruised chest ached. Her eye ached. Every part of her body ached on the hard floor. Enough was enough. She was tough, but not stupid. Besides, she liked him. So far.
Maybe she could talk him into taking her where she needed to be. Maybe she'd convince him to sign on to her agenda.
She opened her eyes and caught him looking.
—I see you changed your mind.
Why did he have to be so good-looking? He was a smartass, too. Still, she felt safe. It was a feeling she'd rarely had about a man. She moved to pull the t-shirt above her breasts and gave up when she could only get it as far as her neck. He gasped.
He danced into his pants in a hurry and left the room. A man on a mission. She’d never had that effect on one before now. He was back with ice in plastic bags. By then she had the shirt off. She covered her unbruised breast with it and struggled to lean back against the headboard.
—Give me that shirt.
—You’re the charmer. No small talk with you, I’m guessing.
She lowered her forearm.
—Just as I thought. You’re banged up pretty bad.
He sat on the edge of the bed. She leaned back and pulled down the sheet, exposing both breasts. She couldn’t believe she didn't blush.
—That's what the bad one should look like.
He looked and grinned a silly, lopsided grin. Sweet. He was sweet, too.
—Well, it would, but in most cases, and in my experience, one is usually larger than the other.
—You're evil.
—And you're not?
The ice was a treat. She couldn't ignore him after that. And she didn't. He was careful not to hurt her too much when he insisted on checking her for broken ribs. If she wasn’t so beat up and in so much pain, she’d have allowed him to bed her.
Later, when the ice kicked in, she reached for him beneath the sheet. She let her hand linger, and when he laughed, she did too.
—You’re shaking. I don’t think it’s with desire.
—It’s that damned ice that’s coming between us. We’re both freezing our asses off.
After they stopped laughing she checked again.
—Oh.
Her hand lingered. He didn’t complain. Neither did she. She couldn’t do it. Too banged up from the beating, she withdrew her hand.
—I’m sorry for leading you on-
—It’s all right.


She woke with a start. Jim stood at the window looking out over the parking lot.
—What is it? Who's there?
He released the curtain.
—Nobody. I thought I heard someone at the car. Go back to sleep.
She wanted to believe him. She stopped worrying about it after he climbed back into their shared bed and felt safe again.
She forgot about Kennedy and the boat, too.


Jim


I figured we looked like a couple on vacation, despite her being a little on the young side. I hoped she'd stay with me for a while, maybe all the way to Brownsville. I didn't let on, though. She'd have to guess. I'd be able to spend the time trying to figure out what her motive was.
—You want out in Houston? I'll be passing through on my way.
—Which side?
—Sugar Land.
A vision of an old movie played as he considered.
—Where to from there?
I let her question slide. I covered by trying the radio again. Music decided to blare right along with the wind whipping at her hair. It was so damned warm and humid I couldn't catch a breath of fresh air. Last night didn't help.
I hated to admit it, but I was looking forward to having Bobbie along for the duration. She was turning out to be good company, even with the smart mouth.
What sealed the deal occurred in the room. She had braided her hair while I was in the shower. She asked me to fasten the bottom. Hair so dark it was black flowed uninterrupted in the back-and-forth pattern down to her waist.
—Brownsville. You interested?
She didn't answer right away, either. She could play the game too. She was so much like someone else I once knew it was scary. If I was lucky, maybe this woman would help with my cover. Perhaps I could talk her into helping me get across the line. Once across, I couldn't risk her becoming tangled up in my deal.
I'd have to ditch her.
—Yes. Although-
She hesitated.
—There won’t be a repeat of last night. Just so you know.
I waited, surprised that there had been anything last night.
—I could go along as far as Brownsville. If that's all right. As long as you don't want gas and expenses. I'm busted, in case you didn't notice when you went through my gear.
I could have been mean. I could have told her last night was payment enough. The thought crossed my mind. A comment like that would make sure we didn't become more involved on a physical level than we were.
And then that damned woman crawled over the seat. I tried to keep an eye on her in the mirror, to no avail. I heard a rustling, and then she crawled back. Wearing a skirt. A light, filmy, summer fling thing.
Damn.
And perfume. Just a hint. What the hell? If I was smart, I'd dump her by the side of the road. She’d be lucky if I left her bags.
Except, I wasn't ever known for smarts when it came to women.




FOUR


Bobbie


SHE LAY IN bed, tangled in the man's arms and legs in sweaty, messy abandon, shivering from what was left of the ice. Wet, cold sheets lay scattered beneath her. She tried to pull them up and gave up. They were even colder.
She sighed and stretched against him and then groaned as the pain returned instantly. Damn but he was so nice and warm. So why was he shivering?
He asked if she was okay to get out of bed and she almost broke out in tears at his concern. She had to turn away and then sobbed with pain and couldn’t talk. He wanted to go to the front desk to ask for painkillers but she talked him out of it.
—We’ll get something on the road. If that’s okay.
Still, she wondered how far down the road she’d be able to get with this one. She'd have to find out where he was headed. How long he’d be staying. Could she keep him with her?
She groaned. Forced herself to sit up. Threw her legs over the edge of the bed. Tried to stand up.
—Tramp stamp.
He noticed. Finally.
—You weren't complaining last night.
—I couldn't see it last night.
In her nakedness, she took a step, meaning to distance herself. Wanting to escape.
—Wait.
She stopped and sighed and then backed up. Still shy about turning to face him. Even after sharing a bed, naked. In a lot of pain. She knew she was showing off, probably. Wanting him to see all of her.
Christ, was she showing off her body for this one, battered as it was? The bed squeaked, and he was sitting up on the edge. His feet swung to the floor and found their way to either side of her own.
Warm hands roamed. Touched the tattoo. Goosebumps rose beneath fingertips. There was nothing she could do. She couldn't move away. Tried to. Gave up. Another word came to mind.
Surrender.
—It looks recent. Does it commemorate something?
—It does.
She kept her voice flat, unlike the goosebumps he was encouraging. He didn't ask. Good thing. She didn't know what she would have told him. If she wanted to tell him. She changed the subject.
—That feels nice.
His breath was too warm against the back of her thigh. It moved up and his lips kissed her in a random dimple. Soft. Gentle. His mouth opened and his teeth bit.
—Ouch. What was that for?
She tried to pull away. He wouldn’t let her.
—Just marking my spot. You know, in case you want to remember.
She didn't want to step away from him now. The goosebumps traveled up to her good breast and back down to other places. Was he kissing her? Damn him. He was. She turned and cradled his head in her hands.
—I'm a mess. Thanks to you. Do you want to share the shower?
—No.
—Oh.
Disappointed now. Wondering.
—Come back to bed. Take the top. I don't want to hurt you.
He didn't seem to notice the smile that hung on her face for what seemed like forever. He was a man. He had to be vulnerable. She finished with him and laid back and lounged longer than she wanted to.
—Where are you headed, Bobbie?
She wasn't sure she wanted to answer. She wondered if he had told her his own truth earlier.
—South. You?
—The same. We better get that shower you promised and get back out on the highway.


She didn’t remember leaving the window down in the rain. A soggy seat greeted her. She slipped over the bench seat to occupy the semi-dry middle. After last night, she didn’t mind. She was sure they must look like a couple, romantic, joined, happy. She turned to look and caught him smiling.
Don't even, she'd said. But she smiled back. She couldn’t help it. Didn't want to.
They barely made it out of the parking lot and five hundred feet down the road when the black and white cruised past in the opposite direction. She looked over the seatback to follow it. Her voice turned panicky.
—It's turning into the motel. Do you think-
—I'm wondering. Is it because of me or you?
She jumped into the back, rummaged through her bag, and came up with a dress. She figured she might as well treat the man who would end up taking her to Brownsville.
Just for spite, she dabbed a dash of perfume between her breasts.
The pain was so bad she almost didn't make it over the seat to the front. She settled in and kept an eye on the side mirror. The cop car didn’t reappear.


The storm broke overnight, leaving a dying wind. Bits of blue broke out of the heavy overcast and the sun came through. The air turned cool and fresh. We rolled down the windows and fresh air circulated in the damp, humid car.
Perhaps the sunshine was the reason I was unconcerned about the car. It followed us when we pulled out of the motel. It could have been normal traffic. Hell, the road was a busy one. Why wouldn’t it be there?
I observed the vehicle in the side mirror as it pulled into the outside lane and moved up beside us. It wasn't the black half-ton from the gas and go. It remained momentarily before moving behind us to stay in the number one lane. Pacing, I’d call it.
But why?
We were on a long straight stretch. Perhaps whoever it was wanted a better look. I wanted him to go by. When he didn't, I worried. My concern got the better of me.
—Roberta. Can you climb into the back seat for me?
—What? Why?
—Just do it, okay? When you get there, pull the seatback forward and fish between the back and the seat. There's something I might need.
She did as she was told, but she was still hurting. I knew by the heavy breathing and the groans she didn’t try to hide.
—There's nothing there.
Rustling as she tried the other side.
—Got it.
She held up the box.
—Stay back there and pass it over.
She ignored me. I knew she would. She dropped it on the seat beside me before struggling to climb over the seat.
—Is there something you should tell me? Is someone following you? Anything? I need to know right now, Bobbie.
I ticked a couple of miles off the cruise and slowed. The chase truck passed us. It drifted across into my lane and pulled ahead.
—No one. Why?
—Are you sure? I need to know. Please.
—Nobody. I'm not an escaped felon. Don't worry.
But I was worried. If I believed her, I had just drawn her into my life. Sharing a bed could do that.
It occurred to me we might be using each other.
—You know anything about firearms?
—A little. Why?
—I need you to do something. The sooner the better. I need you to load a magazine. Can you do that?
Bobbie fumbled with the steel case. She removed the automatic. She looked at me, at it, and back at me.
—What’s with this? Who are you? A cop? A crook?
Funny she went with the cop first. There were so many reasons to have a concealed firearm.
—No. Not any more.
She looked at me again for an instant too long before she opened the box of cartridges. She slid them into the magazine one at a time.
—A crooked cop? Or was the yes for an even badder crook? Were you sent for me?
A strange question, that. Why would she ask?
—Not that I know of.
—Well that's reassuring. This isn’t a legal magazine, is it?
This while she kept loading the oversize mag and doing a good job, from what I could see. She finished and banged the mag into the grip with the heel of her hand. She placed the pistol between my legs.
—If I’d known last night what I know now—
—You'd still be here. I can tell that about you.
The vehicle in front chose that instant to hit the brakes. I stomped on mine. Thanks to her injuries and minus a seatbelt, she slid forward and slammed against the dash. She screamed in agony.
I steered around the brake-check in a cloud of dust and ended up on gravel-covered shoulder. Rocks and sand spit up and rattled against the undercarriage. The car drifted sideways in the dirt. I counter-steered, bleeding off speed until we came to a stop, low in the grass-covered ditch, facing straight ahead.
—Get in the back seat and get down. Now. Do it now.
Bobbie struggled over the seat, groaning the entire time. I had no sympathy for her.
—Didn’t I tell you to stay there? You don’t listen, do you?
I knew the lecture was useless. I fished on the floor for the automatic. It wasn’t there. Bobbie passed it over.
—It must have slipped beneath the seat.
I jacked one into the chamber and dialed in full auto.
—How long are we going to wait?
—Until we don’t have to wait any more. Get comfortable. It could be a while.
—In that case, why don’t you join me?
I shook my head, and we laughed uncontrollably.




FIVE


Bobbie


I FORGOT TO roll up the window yesterday and plopped down in the soggy seat. I cursed and in a hurry scrambled over the wet spot. I found myself hip-to-hip against Jim. For an instant I pictured us a couple of teenagers running off on a joyride. Except it was too early in the day. And we were too old.
Our eyes met, and we grinned. Damn but he was one good-looking man. He still needed a shave. I'd take care of that the next time we overnighted. If we overnighted.
—Maybe we could do that again sometime.
I was testing. He ignored me. As usual. There had to be something in his past. Hell, I didn't know. So I ignored him, too—until the vehicle overtook us and took up a spot beside our car.
At first I thought it might be the truck from the parking lot, but it wasn't. Jim didn't recognize it either.
The truck stayed behind, in the second lane. Pacing. Or whatever it was doing. Challenging? A teenager bent on racing? A redneck maybe, who'd seen us in the motel parking lot. Jealous. Whatever it is rednecks do.
Wanting to be sure, I checked again. It wasn't the redneck truck from the gas station.
Then Jim asked if I'd climb in the back. He wanted a box. It seemed a strange request, and it wasn’t what I wanted to do, considering the pain I was experiencing. I climbed over the still-wet seat anyway. Why was I so eager to please him?
—There's no box. What are you talking about?
—Look behind the seat.
I fumbled my way through the exercise and came up empty-handed. Frustrated, I kicked the seat. It dropped and the heavy box fell out. He wanted me to stay in the back, but I refused. He might as well know how stubborn I could be.
I regretted it the instant I moved to climb over. The pain went through my body like lightning.
The request wasn't such a strange one when I opened the box. A handgun and two magazines stared back. The magazines had to be something special, because they were really long.
—You know how to load?
I nodded. Kept silent. Spilled the box into the bag and began slipping shells into the magazine. It took forever. When I slipped it into the grip it stuck out a long way past the end. It made it heavy and unbalanced.
I placed the pistol between his legs. Hesitated before removing my hand.
The truck overtook us and speeded away.
—What's going on?
—I have no idea. Don't you?
He checked the mirror and fumbled with the radio. I figured he was trying to mask his concern. He wasn't very good at it. His eyes narrowed as he looked across at me. I looked away.
—Is there something you haven't told me, Bobbie? Is someone after you? Something you should be telling me?
Where to start? I didn't want to tell him a single thing. I couldn’t. Not now, at least. I avoided the questions and ignored the badgering by not looking at him. Maybe I thought he'd go away. Not likely considering we were trapped in a car speeding down a highway.
—Not that I know of.
As punishment for my lie, the car chose that instant to veer to the side. A tire went off the road into the gravel shoulder. It caught and Jim scrambled to keep control. I screamed. He ordered me into the back.
—And stay down.
Despite the pain and my ignorance, I scrambled over in a hurry and slipped to the floor Trying to be funny, I invited him to join me, and that’s when we erupted in uncontrollable laughter.
At least it broke the tension.


Funny girl. The laughter died, and I stuck my head up. I looked past the deep ditch we narrowly missed. I craned my neck to see down the road, flicking my eyes from one side to the other. Nothing. I checked the back seat. Bobbie was out of sight and on the floor if she bothered to listen to me.
Our chase vehicle had disappeared. Or so I thought until something plunked against the hood. It was a familiar sound. Light caliber. I kept searching.
Then another weak plunk, and I glimpsed someone I took to be the shooter. I slipped back in the seat. Crouched behind the door. Aimed out the window. The third round hit the tin. I was ready. I gripped with both hands and prepared to brace. My finger found the trigger and went to work. I pulled once and full auto took over.
Shell casings ricocheted off the windshield, danced off the roof, and landed in back. The phrase, More brass than a rifle association meeting came to mind. Shell casings scattered and bounced. Bobbie screamed.
—Holy shit. Jim? What the hell? What are you doing? Who are you shooting at? Why are they shooting at us? They're shooting at us, right? Tell me you're not a crazy battling a good Samaritan stopped to help us get back on the road.
It was too late for explanations. Besides, whoever it was turned tail and was scattering in the wind. It wouldn't be the first time a shooter did that when the sound of my pistol in full auto spitting lead and brass was the answerback.
—Thanks for loading that magazine. You might have saved both our lives.
Bobbie crawled over the seat. Her skirt came up a little too high, revealing more than a bit of firm thigh. She huffed and the groan she wanted to silence went audible.
—You're welcome. I think. Now are you going to tell me what the hell you're running from? Or to?
—Can it wait? I need you to drive. Just in case.
I gave her credit. She didn't ask just in case of what. She straddled me and crawled over my lap. her breasts pressed against my face. I caught the painful grimace as she settled in behind the wheel. Without a word she drove out of the ditch and back onto the 10 like nothing happened.
Well, except for the white knuckles and shaking hands. The death grip on the wheel was no use in quieting them. Her elbows joined her hands, and not long after her shoulders and the rest of her body went along for the ride.
—You need to pull over.
I held the girl in my arms until the shaking quieted. I stroked her hair. It felt good. I buried my face in it. Any excuse. She smelled too good.
—Are you all right now? What's the name of that perfume? I want to buy you a barrel.
—Oh god. I'm so sore. Not too tight, okay?
I relaxed my grip, but I didn't let go. I was enjoying it.
Probably too much.




SIX


Bobbie


WELL, THIS WAS screwed up.
I wasn’t sure if Jim noticed the truck overtaking us. I was concerned it could be the same one from the battle in the parking lot. Tinted windows didn't allow me to see in until it pulled up beside us. I was sure I recognized the driver through the open passenger window.
It wasn't the same truck, and it sure wasn't the same driver. This one lived across the street from us. It was my neighbor, Terry. Or his twin, maybe.
Except, Terry didn’t have a twin. And he was friends with my brother.
Then the truck passed us and I did a double take. If it was Terry, what was the deal with my brother? Was Terry a part of it? Did he have a grudge with my brother about something? Was he in it with my brother? Had they stolen the drugs together?
I debated telling Jim. In fact, it tore me up not to. I couldn’t. That was before we drove off the road and someone took potshots while we were stalled in a ditch.
The rat-a-tat-tat explosions followed by empty casings raining down inside the car wasn’t good.
I bit my tongue and stayed silent for the rest of the day. My chest ached so bad I couldn't think straight anyway. I wanted to get out of the heat and humidity and slather myself with ice.
What had I gotten myself into with this man?
I was a nervous wreck. If I could just get some sleep-
Then I remembered. Neither of us got any sleep.


A huge faded sign announced a motel coming up. I caught Bobbie looking wistful out the driver's window as it went by.
—Maybe we could stop for the night.
—I don't think it's a good idea. You saw what happened. We need to put some distance between us and them.
Whoever they were. I still didn't know what was going on. And Bobbie sure as hell wasn’t talking.
—Yeah. I was there too, remember? I think I peed my pants just a little.
I wanted to cheer her up. If anyone deserved it, she did for being so cool under fire. A little lie wouldn’t hurt.
—That happened to me the first time, too. You get used to it—not peeing your pants, I mean. We need to ditch the car.
I said it as though it was a matter of fact. There was no sense alarming the woman.
—In that case, I'll check us in. You do the ditching. Got any cash?
—Yeah. It's in the back, too.
She slowed and pulled off the road. Still behind the wheel, she hiked up her skirt before crawling over the seat one more time. She dug around, and came up with my stash. First things first, I guess.
—You know, you could have opened the door and leaned in.
She looked at me like I was a nutcase.
—What, you don’t want to look at my legs any more? Or anything else? How am I supposed to keep you coming back if I don't use womanly wiles?
I went on ignore.
—If you've got any dope, I recommend you smoke it now or toss it. Just in case.
—All right.
She fished around in her bag and tossed a small plastic baggie out the window. I pretended not to notice, but I’d seen it when I went through her bag in the room the first night.
—Let's go while the getting is good. And if you're sleeping in my bed tonight, you'd better talk or I'm out first thing in the morning.
I looked across the seat at her and grinned.
—Your bed? I guess that means you’re buying.
We were gaining on the outskirts of Harlingen. I didn’t want her to skip on me. Not now.
—I know a place. Take the Sunset exit.
She pointed.
—That’s it on the left.
It was perfect. It was the place you picked when you were down and out and had nowhere to go. Or maybe one where you holed up and hoped for the best when life was throwing shit in your direction and you were on the run from it.
Withered hedges and brown flower beds made a desultory try at greeting visitors to the sloping flat-top, single-story motel of the no-tell variety. Stunted weeds grew up through what remained of the asphalt.
—Is this part of the budget experience?
I looked across at her and wondered if she'd ever gone broke traveling.
—Smartass. Do you want to pay?
She didn’t say no, so I grinned and she got the message. We'd be invisible and unknown. Two desperadoes, running for all we were worth. She slowed to turn.
—Don't turn. Keep going.
—I thought we were going to get a room.
—I need to know if we’re being followed.
Bobbie did as she was told, managing to look at me and shake her head at the same time.
—Followed? You are a wanted man, aren't you?
Yeah, and maybe she was a woman on the run. If that was true, we were a good match. We were getting more comfortable with each other.
—Don't be so quick to put the blame on me, woman. You're the one I rescued from the hillbilly half-ton.
She cruised past. Like the perfect professional. I had questions I needed to ask, but now wasn't the time.
—I have to pick up the shell casings in this wreck. How many did you load?
—Full. I think.
Bobbi pressed the back of her hand against a breast. She reached into her top and came up with shiny brass in her palm.
—Damn. That's what was making me itch.
I grinned and held out my hand and palmed the warm brass.
—And I thought it was because of me.
She grinned right back.
—Well-
When she wasn't looking I put the casing in my pocket. Whatever was going on between us, it was working its magic. Or something.
—You can turn around now. We should be good.
The motel wasn't the finest. Too many coats of paint peeling from the heat. It was out of the way on the north end of the city. I took a room in back, just as out of the way. Bobbie parked and we unloaded.
The door creaked on its hinges. A wall of hot, humid, fetid air slapped us in the face. A low, dirty window overlooked the lot. I flipped on the light. A stained dresser with cigarette-burned edges and a small table stared back. I knew by the box that the bed was going to be a treat.
Bobbie discarded most of her clothes.
—I don’t mean to be presumptuous, but it’s just too hot in here.
My eyes followed her every move on the way to the shower. Another casing fell out of her bra at the door. She knelt to pick it up and tossed it at me.
—Have a souvenir.
Too busy rewarding my eyes with a good look, I missed the catch, but it confirmed what I knew to be true. This one was better looking than any woman I ever wanted in my life.
—Aren’t you tired of looking yet?
—Not a chance. And if you leave it off, you won't have that problem any more.
—I'll think about it. Right now I'm too sore and tired to care.
The water in the shower was loud against the cheap wall. I locked the door behind me and backtracked to a chicken place for biscuits and naked. I picked up ice, too. There was no sense changing my modus now that Bobbie was settling in.
In fact, I was liking it, much as I hated to admit it.




SEVEN


Bobbie


MY HANDS SHOOK. My swollen, black and blue breast ached like the devil. My elbows joined in with the rest of my arms and then my entire body gave it up and trembled uncontrollably. Scared shitless, I think it's called. A delayed reaction, I guessed.
Jim didn't get upset. He talked me into pulling over, which was all right with me. He put his arms around me and held me until I settled down. Dammit but he felt good. Even on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere.
—Not too hard. My breast is killing me.
He stopped squeezing. I was still happy.
—You good now?
—I’d feel a lot better if you could hold me like this for a long time.
Why had I said that? I was betting he’d be more than happy to be rid of me when it came time. Like a lot of the men in my life. I eased myself out of his arms.
—It's only driving. I can do it.
He made me drive past the old, single-story motel while he checked for a tail. My own tail was exhausted. My breast was aching even more like the devil. I couldn't wait to get in the shower and let the cold water run.
The tiny room was empty by the time I dragged my sorry, swollen, black and blue body out of the shower. Jim was gone. I pulled on a pair of panties and a shirt before parting the curtain. The car was gone, too. Shit. He wouldn't dare leave me alone after what happened.
Would he?
That son of a bitch. He would.
I was about to start cursing him out. Then the key rattled and the door creaked and he appeared with a grin and a bag of chicken and biscuits. Even better, he had more ice tucked under his arm.
—You're a mind reader.
I stripped off the shirt without a modicum of embarrassment. It was long past time for that. I was comfortable with him now—naked or clothed. I plopped onto the bed without bothering to cover up.
—Lie down.
I gave him a look I didn't mean. He ignored it. I stretched out and tried to get comfortable while he dumped ice into a plastic bag. I winced at the weight of it on my breast. He took my hand and placed it on the bag.
—Your turn.
He grinned the whole time until it turned into a fading smile.
—I'm sorry someone kicked the shit out of you. I'm sorry your eye is black and your breast is blue. It's a nice blue, though.
He smiled again, and I surrendered one more time. My giving in was annoying me.
—It's a nice breast, too. Not as nice as the other one, but it will be. Given enough time. If you let me take care of it for you.
I giggled and blushed and burst into laughter and blushed even more.
—Ouch. No more. Please.
He pulled the covers over my nakedness and settled in beside me.
—Let me know when you get tired of holding it.
I couldn't help it. I giggled.
—You are a bad, bad man.
Son of a gun but he was becoming irresistible. Suddenly I had to have the last word. I gave him the look while I brushed his cheek with the back of my hand.
—Not until you shave.


We holed up in the no-tell motel looking too much like a pair of hard-boiled criminals on the run. It wasn't difficult to look sweaty and dangerous. The car had no air outside of open windows. The motel room's desultory window-shaker was incapable of keeping anything cool. Heat and humidity forced us to strip down to sweaty underwear.
Perspiration pooled in places I didn't know existed.
Bobbie encouraged my tongue to bathe in her salty skin. Encouragement wasn't something I needed much of when it came to this one. We ended up wanting more. She obliged me by leading the way. The bra came off. Two pairs of underwear followed and joined the damp pile of clothes already discarded on the floor.
At the end of it we collapsed in a pile of sweaty sheets and even sweatier bodies. The air conditioner gave up and chugged to a loud-pitched, grinding halt.
—I think I saw something like this in a movie. Refresh my memory, would you?
I forgot the pain she was in and pulled her on top of me. She groaned in agony. Perspiration flowed between her breasts and trickled down her stomach onto mine.
—I’m sorry. I forgot for a minute. It won’t happen again.
—It’s all right. Just this once I’ll make an exception.
—If you insist.
—I do. Now get busy.


I woke to Bobbie's frantic shaking. Or maybe it was the thumping my chest was taking from her fist. Damn but this woman could punch. I jerked up and brushed against a firm and shapely undamaged breast.
—What? What is it?
—Someone is checking out the car. Did you get it cleaned up?
—As best I could. I counted twenty-nine, plus two in your cleavage. That's a full mag—in more ways than one.
Bobbie frowned. She didn’t appreciate my humor.
It wasn't difficult to desert the damp, sticky sheets and the lumpy mattress. I cast my gaze through filthy glass past a broken screen into a dark parking lot. A door slammed and the car's interior light went out. I let the curtain fall. Already she was tossing clothes and boots and sandals into her bag.
—What the hell are you doing?
—We have to get out of here. Someone made us.
—Relax. No one made us. Someone got curious is all. That's why I left it unlocked. Now get back in bed and I'll help you relax.
She wasn't having it.
—Screw this. It's time to go. Now.
With her own bag packed, she started on mine. She made an even bigger mess of it, if that was possible. She didn't appear to notice a key missing element.
—Very nice. Are you going to put something on? Or are you planning on dragging a sweaty sheet along?
She looked down at herself and laughed uncontrollably. I recognized a sob somewhere in there, too.
—Jesus. I'm sorry. I'm on edge. I can't seem to calm down.
I searched my pockets and came up with a handful of change.
—Tell me you’re not going to flip a coin to help you make the decision to keep me.
—Something like that.
I dropped a quarter into the slot on the box attached to the head of the bed.
She stretched out as it began to shake, rattle, and roll.
—What the hell?
She sat up looking confused and I couldn’t stop grinning. She pulled me down beside her and we lay there, laughing and giggling in a vibrating bed like it was the first experience for two runaway teenagers.
—Feel any better?
—Only when I stop laughing. I wondered what that thing was for. This isn’t your first hideout, is it?
—Yeah. No. Consider it my gift to you. A trip to the spa in the no-tell motel part of town.
The ride finished, and the bed quieted. I picked up what she left on the floor when she was in a hurry to share her nakedness with me and handed it over.
—Finish getting dressed. I'll bring the car around.
I searched the floor for my own jeans and a still-damp shirt. I tossed underwear her way. She tossed it into her bag.
—Planning on going commando, are you?
—You’re the one said I should leave the bra behind.
I didn't mind. I kind of liked the idea, and I grinned like a guilty teenager.
We pulled out of the motel and managed about half a mile down the road towards Harlingen before the black and white passed us heading in the opposite direction. I checked the rear-view and saw brake lights just before it turned into the motel.
—You were right.
—Told ya.
Shit. How did they know? Who went through the car looking for—what?
Roberta?
If people were on the lookout for her, I needed to know. While all of this was running through my head, she slipped across the seat. Her head rested on my shoulder. It seemed like an awful fast reaction—unless she turned out to be a mind reader.
—Is there something you're not telling me? If there is, I need to know. The sooner the better.
—Well-
She halted. If she wouldn't level with me, I'd have to get off the well-traveled roads. I needed to be invisible. Without a word, I followed the 77 south to the 510. I headed towards the gulf before reconsidering.
—Don't lie or in a New York minute you'll be standing by the side of the road with your thumb hanging out. Your bag will be in the ditch with you.
—I'm sorry. I should have told you.
My mind was made up. I prepared for the worst. I couldn't hold it against the woman. I had my own problems, and they didn't include hers. Before she could start, I pulled into the shade at a gas'n'go. Not wanting to leave anything to chance, I took the keys. I wasn't convinced Bobbie wouldn't run off, and I didn't want to end up stranded in some Texas shithole with no money, no clothes, and no gun.
I picked up a map and headed to the car. The woman was going through my bag again as if the first time wasn't enough.
—Did you not find out what you needed to know on your first pass? You're not giving me a show of your ass this time.
She turned to face me. A tear rolled out of an eye. It reached her upper lip and her tongue flicked, making it disappear. By now, I knew her well enough.
—That won't cut it. Why don't you make some shit up and tell me about it? You've had enough time.
—Well you're just harsh, aren't you?
—Remember what I told you down the road? Talk or walk.




EIGHT


Bobbie


DAMN THIS MAN to hell. I couldn’t lie to him. He would see right through me. Of that, I had no doubt. I couldn't even take off my clothes. I already did that with abandon and loved every look the man gave me. Shit.
I couldn't be falling for him. I couldn't. We only just met. He was supposed to be my ticket out of town. Well, he was. But now look at me. I let him into my bed and loved every minute.
Loved? Did I just think that? Shit.
—Jim?
—What's it going to be?
In that moment, I surrendered. I had to. I became incapable of doing anything else. I didn't want to—at least, not at first. Would he believe me? Could I go on using him to get where I needed to be?
—It's my brother. He got himself in a situation with one of the cartels. He didn't know what he was doing. He couldn't help it. I can’t get in touch with him. I don’t know where he is. I think he’s gone on the run.
The words tumbled out. I couldn’t stop if I wanted to.
—How old is he?
How old is he? There was something about the tone of his voice. Skeptical, maybe. Or maybe he thought I was out-and-out lying. Could I blame him?
—Thirty.
—And he didn't know what he was doing? Don't fling your shit onto me hoping it will stick because you swallowed your brother’s bullshit. At thirty, he knows exactly what he’s doing. So what's your plan?
I had to have Jim on my side. Especially now that I was falling for the man. I had nothing else. Dammit to hell. I had to make him believe me. I needed him to believe me. I had to start at the beginning.
I was desperate for his help to find my brother. I was determined to get it any way I could.


This was getting better and better. I'd be able to head across the line with Bobbie in tow. She'd think I’d be doing it to help her. While I didn't discount that I'd be willing to help if I could, I had my own priorities. They were first and foremost.
Green. Her eyes were green. All this time spent looking at her in and out of bed and I just noticed. Shit. She was getting to me. I'd have to be careful with this one. Everything about her was tempting, not the least of which was her personality. Long legs to go along with everything else didn’t hurt, either.
Some personality.
—Goosebumps.
Did I say that out loud?
—What the hell are you talking about?
Dammit but I did.
—Your ass turned into goosebumps the other night.
—Along with everything else. What did you expect? I wasn't exactly being shy about what you were doing with me. To me. I'll let you do it again as soon as I can.
Christ. I was falling for her. In a big way. I knew it now. I wondered if she could tell. Thankfully, she changed the subject.
—About my brother-
Bobbie hesitated. I only wanted to know what was coming next.
—He ran off with a couple of hundred thousand of cartel money.
There it was. I had to know how dumb the brother was.
—Money or drugs?
—Drugs. Why? Does it matter?
Shit. The woman had no idea. I sat her down and took the chair opposite the bed. That we were naked made it surreal, but I had to get her to pay attention any way I could.
—They'll kill him. They'll kill you. They'll kill your mother and your father. They'll shoot your dogs and set fire to your cats. They'll burn down your house and everything in it.
First-hand experience told me that, and I learned from it. It was no exaggeration.
—Now then, what was it you wanted again?
Did I even get through to her?
—I need your help.
Well, there went that idea.
—In that case, have I got a deal for you. But first you're going to have to tell me a story.
And it had better be a good one, or I'd be sneaking out of here like a dog first thing in the morning.
If I waited even that long. Feelings be damned.




NINE


Bobbie


I WAS AFRAID. Scared. I didn't know where to start. Or how to start. Once I had it all out in the open, would Jim still want to help me find Ray? I hesitated for longer than I knew I should.
Finally, I gave in. Resigned, I sighed and took a deep breath, certain I'd lose the man once he learned the truth.
—We grew up in Brownsville. Browntown, we called it. I left in my teens. I wandered around like a gypsy before I got smart. I went back to graduate high school. Ray, my brother, stayed. He was typical of the guys in a border town. He flipped back and forth across the line with his friends to sample the clubs and the women and the drugs.
Jim waited, not saying a word. I guess he meant it when he said he wanted my story. I couldn’t look at him. I drew another breath.
—Ray was never hard-core, as far as I could tell. He sampled, like his buddies. But they seemed to help each other stay on the right side of the law, mostly. He lived at home. In the basement. Then, one December when I was back home for a month, he admitted that he was hauling drugs across the river.
—What? In your parents’ basement?
—I don't know. Maybe Ray thought it would be a measure of safety if he got caught.
It had to sound like my brother wasn’t playing with a full deck. And for all I knew, maybe he wasn’t.
—For crying out loud, Bobbie. Your folks would lose everything if he got caught. The government would seize everything as drug proceeds. Your parents would have to go through a lengthy and costly court process to prove otherwise. If they ever could.
For sure Ray hadn’t been born with all the smarts in the family, but Jim would change his mind about him once they met. I was certain.
—Yeah, well, explaining that to him didn't go so well, either. When I heard he went missing, I figured he'd been arrested. At first I had no idea he had disappeared, all right? Missing with drug cartel money. Only it was product, not money.
It seemed like he was considering. I halted. I hoped for a look that announced he'd want to help.
—He stole from a cartel. He's nuts. He has to be. That, or he was stoned out of his gourd and nuts to boot.
—He's no user. He wanted to pay off mom and dad's mortgage.
Maybe I made that part up about the mortgage on the spur of the moment. I didn’t want Jim to think my brother, Ray, was a complete dud—even if he was. But I didn’t think that about him, either. He was my older brother, after all. I looked up to him when I was a kid.
Why would Jim believe anything I said? Should I go with the truth about the yacht? That I allowed the owner to pound the shit out of me on purpose? It was time to dive in. I had to put the feelings I was allowing to develop for this man on the back burner. I had to dedicate myself to finding my brother.
No matter what.
—Stealing cartel product isn't the way to go. It's a death sentence. For your entire family. Just so you understand, that includes the pets.
That was the second time. So maybe he knows more than me. I had to tell him about my black eye. I couldn't hold back any longer. Not after revealing everything else.
—About the bruises. My body-
—They'll heal. You'll be pink-skinned and back to normal in a week. Ten days, max. Guys will be beating a path to your door again.
The trouble was, this man was the only one I wanted beating a path anywhere. For an instant I questioned my decision to let him know. I knew he'd think I was attempting to use him.
—Yeah. About that.
I drew a breath.
—The bruises and the beating were self-inflicted.
Jim's head snapped up. Dark eyes bored into mine.


That Bobbie finally opened up came as a complete surprise. I never thought she'd ever spill her guts. She must have thought letting me share her bed allowed some leeway.
As I saw it, the problem was with her brother. He was looking and sounding more and more like a dumbass, and I hadn’t even met the man. Obviously, he hadn’t been born with the smarts in the family. I hoped his sister might have been.
As much as I hated doing it, I’d have to put the feelings starting to develop for this woman on the back burner. She was turning out to be pure trouble, even from the outset. Perhaps a liability, too. I didn't realize it until now.
While our end games were different, they were linked by drugs. I could probably use that to my advantage. That we were going to end up in Brownsville by choice made things much simpler. She knew the city. She had to know something about the drug trade because of her brother’s shenanigans.
That her battle scars were more or less self-inflicted concerned me. Who had she allowed to do it, and why? Why did she feel a need to present the abused-woman front just to hitch a ride? She didn't. There was more going on with this one than she was letting on.
That Bobbie had let me into her bed a little too soon either said needy, or she was hunting. I’d go with hunting, and I was just now finding out for what. She had to think I'd be the man to help find her brother. That I'd showed a bit of ingenuity with a handgun and a stash of cash probably didn't hurt.
But damn, whoever laid that beating on her did a job. She was black, blue, and hurting. While I might not trust her, I felt sorry for her. I believed she didn't know what she was letting herself in for when she took the beating.
And then it occurred to me, all of a sudden. What if it wasn’t her brother that was the apple of her eye? What if it was the drugs she was focused on retrieving?
—Roberta, I'm going to help you. But first, we need to make a deal. You might think you're about to make it with the devil. You might be right. But if you refuse, I'm done. Right now.
I halted to let her consider. She paced. She worried. She opened her mouth to speak and closed it too many times.
—If we find my brother, I'll help you with your deal. But I'm not sleeping with you until we do. No matter how much ice and tenderness you bring me.
I'd just been told.
—We need a car. A beater. And whoever it is you're texting, stop. Give me the phone.
I grabbed it out of her hand before she could hand it over. She made to grab it back. I turned away, and while she struggled to reach around, I pulled the battery and the SIM, and tossed the phone. She looked a little too concerned.
—No need to panic.
I went positive on her.
—We'll pick up a couple of burn phones when we get to town.
I slipped the SIM into a pocket. I'd look at it later.




TEN


Bobbie


I WOULD HAVE jumped for joy if I could. And damn the man to hell. He accepted without blinking an eye. It was like he was waiting for me to step in it and ask. As though he already agreed, but he was only waiting for the inevitable invitation. Well, he had it.
Now his ass would be mine.
All I had to do was keep my goosebump-covered ass out of his hands. We both knew where that would lead. I had it bad enough for this one. I didn't need any more heartache than I could handle at one time. What I couldn’t understand was why I was falling for him. That wasn’t a part of any plan. I didn't have one.
—I'm not sleeping with you again until we find my brother.
The words coming out of my mouth surprised even me. Would it work? I didn’t know, but I had to try. What else did I have to hold over him? He seemed rather comfortable with me in bed. It was almost like we were lovers and partners. We were already the first. Now we'd be the second, but not in the sense of lovers.
Or so I thought I understood—until I made the mistake of standing by the side of the bed while I searched for the clothes I’d flung on the floor in the lead-up to our fevered love-making. Before I knew what was happening, what he was doing, I literally melted beneath his hands. Putty. And more goosebumps. This time, they were everywhere in an instant.
Goddammit but would it never end with this one? I wanted to kick myself. Instead, I sat back down on the edge of the bed. I wanted to turn around. I wanted to give myself to him. Wanted to offer myself up like a virgin on her wedding night. Did anyone even do that any more? Shit. I was completely lost.
I tried to stand up. I couldn't. My legs wouldn’t allow it. Instead, I just sat, trembling. Unable to move.
—Would you like more ice?
More ice? Damn you to hell. No. I want to be in bed with you. I want to feel warm and safe and happy and secure.
I couldn't say it. No matter how much I wanted to. Reluctantly, I forced myself to push off the edge of the bed. Through watery eyes I found my clothes. Without turning I made my way to the bathroom.
I made sure to close and lock the door.


Bobbie exited the bathroom, dressed and sporting puffy red eyes. Either she had just smoked a joint or she had been crying. I went with the dope, probably because I was one. Women. I never could understand them. Even the ones I cared about. Or loved.
Same difference.
—I need a Brownsville map. And you need to get me up to speed on the lay of the land. Any ideas on where we should start?
She stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her for effect. It was as though I didn't exist. I took it in stride and turned on the television. An all-day news channel with a blond-haired, blue-eyed reporter was in the process of wrapping up her report on the latest cartel killings across the river. It wasn't news to me.
Bobbie returned with a map and coffee for one. My expectation was that it wasn't for me. I belabored the point anyway.
—Didn't you get one for yourself?
She ignored my lame attempt at humor and busied herself clearing off the table before laying out the map. A couple of the locations were burned into my memory. They were the sites I staked out during my search for Kara. Maybe they'd be a place to start for my part of the job. I didn't let on. I wanted Bobbie to think I was all hers for the duration of the hunt for her brother.
And then a nagging thought crossed my mind. It had been bubbling beneath the surface for a day. At least. Maybe more now that I realized I was going to have to commit to helping Bobbie.
She barely got the map spread out when I knew I didn’t want her to think she might be in charge.
—Grab your bag. We're going. Now.
The woman didn’t have time to object. I tossed everything into the car and slammed the door. By the time I made my way to the driver's seat, Bobbie was up front.
—We're about a half-hour out. Pick up 14th and I'll show you where to go from there.
I didn't let on that where she was leading us was close to one of the safe houses I'd looked at so many years ago. That I had been searching for my pretend wife. Thinking that I had rescued her from whatever demons had taken over.
I didn't tell Bobbie because I refused to admit that I had been an abject failure in the rescue department. I'd taken a pretty good beating at the time, too. If I admitted the failure, how could Bobbie possibly keep believing I’d be able to help find her brother?
Which raised another question. Would I be able to help her? I let it go. The woman was getting antsy.
—We're getting close. Slow down. Slow down. Keep right. We want to be on 14th East.
She looked panicked and glanced from the street in front of us to me again and again.
—Take it easy. If we go past, we'll turn around.
—There it is. Stop. Stop here.
—Christ, woman. We're supposed to be on the lookout. If we stop in the middle of the road, we'll be giving ourselves away.
I accelerated past the dive bar and pulled into a parking lot.
—What are you doing? Turn around. Go back.
I made sure to take the keys before leaning across to open the door.
—Get out.
—Jim-
—Get out. Please. And put your jacket on. We're going for a walk.
I hurried off towards the bar. She rushed to catch up.
—Where are you going? What are we doing? Aren't we going to the bar? I thought—
She really was annoying me. And that was only part of her problem. Too much thinking was the rest of it.
—Don't think. Follow my lead. Don't open your mouth. Nod. Say yes if it calls for it. Never say no. Understood?
Her head moved beneath the hoodie. I couldn't tell if she was sulking or nodding a response. I pulled open the door and walked into the dingy, low-ceilinged bar. No windows. Weak lights. A filthy mirror. Uneven floor. Shabby, mismatched furniture everywhere.
It was my kind of place years ago when I was solo in Mexico. I held open the door until my eyes adjusted.
—I'm going to check for an exit out back. Don't leave.
Instead of holding the door for her, I allowed it to slam shut behind me. Bobbie took one in the chest from the door and gasped. If we were going to play true to form, I’d be no gentleman.
—You bastard.
—That's it. You're doing good. Keep it up and they'll believe us.
I wanted to grin. I couldn't. At least, not right away. Instead, I hesitated. Scowled at her. Made my way past the bar. I checked out a reflection in the dirty mirror and almost didn’t recognize the familiar face looking back.
And then the realization struck me. It wasn’t about Kara any longer. It was about Bobbie. And more importantly, when I was done with her, it would be about Pilar.
With a vengeance.




ELEVEN


Bobbie


MAYBE I SHOULDN’T have told him. I agonized to where I thought it had to be only fair, considering how he treated me. So yeah, I was feeling maybe a little guilty about my lies. But did he need to know all of it? Once my lips began moving, I couldn’t shut up.
It couldn’t be helped. Sort of how I’d fallen into bed with this one, and then not been able to say no ever after. Dammit to hell.
So I told him about when I was a kid. About being raised on a farm. About strict parents who went to church regularly but weren’t overly religious. How my dad taught me and my brother about handling guns and how to shoot.
About how I was a bit of a wild child, not to mention a tomboy. That I didn’t fit in at school and had few friends. Unlike my older brother, who had a lot of them. Maybe even too many.
Then the farm got sold, and we moved into the big city where dad took a job and mom babysat for working parents. That my own parents still wanted to keep me down on the farm even though we were living in the city. So I packed some clothes in a bag and ran off.
By then I had discovered short-shorts and a tube top got me pretty much anything I wanted. How anything I wanted included a ride out of town, fast. How having a body tucked into a tight top and shorts made it easy.
I ended up on the northern Gulf coast and took a liking to the marina bars for the rich boat owners. My wardrobe improved. I learned to sail. Eventually, I gained enough confidence that I began crewing on yachts. After a few years of experience, I taught rich owners how to sail their boats.
So what did it all teach me? That a little makeup, nice clothes, and a pair of high-heeled sandals could get me pretty much what I wanted, until one day it didn’t. That day occurred when I learned my brother had gone on the run with stolen cartel drugs.
What it didn’t teach me was that I would become a pawn in the search for brother Ray.
I halted. I didn’t want Jim to know about how I led him on from the first moment I saw him and his junker rattling over the curb into the gas station.
Maybe I’d tell him later. Or maybe not at all.


I didn’t know the name of the man sitting at the bar. We'd never been formally introduced beyond a black hood and a couple of roundhouse punches once he and his partner dragged me inside the safe house and removed the hood. Were it not for Kara coming to my rescue, I'm sure they'd have had even more fun.
Consumed by memories, I slipped up. I blanched. Before I could turn around to leave, Bobbie caught me out.
—What is it? What did you see? Was it someone you know?
I made a show of rough-housing the woman towards the door.
—Do you have to follow me everywhere, bitch? Go home and make dinner. Pick up some beer on the way. I'll be home later.
No one batted an eye. Outside, I grabbed her arm hard and dragged her to the car.
—What's going on? What are you doing?
She shook free of my grip.
—Can I get an answer out of you for a change?
I was completely blindsided by the man in the bar. I needed to buy time.
—Get in and I'll tell you.
But I didn't. Instead, I u-turned and backed into the alley across from the bar.
—I'm sorry about the door. I wanted to set us up as an unhappy couple fighting.
I kept an eye on the bar, using it as an excuse not to look at Bobbie. I already knew she was angry.
—And that's how you chose to do it? You might have told me. I could have faked it, you know.
I didn't. Maybe next time.
—You recognized someone, didn't you? Are you going to tell me? Or do I have to wait a day for you to wake up?
The woman could be brutal when she wanted to be. I ignored her and let her think she was winning. Winning what, I didn't know. I had put her problem on the back burner for now—at least until I figured out where Kara's contact would lead me when he decided he had enough to drink.
My mind was wandering again, thanks to the self-imposed stakeout. I had already decided to forget about Kara. So what the hell was I doing? Did I really believe that the man who hijacked me into the safe house would have anything to do with Bobbie’s brother?
It was a tense twenty minutes with Bobbie in the car. She refused to stop haranguing me about what I'd seen. I caught a break when the man walked out the door and headed up 14th. I waited before following in the car. I jammed up traffic until he turned off, traveled another couple of blocks, and walked into the same safe house I had been in so many years ago. It looked to me like these people were in snooze mode, too.
Now that I knew what I would be doing later, I turned my attention to Bobbie.
—All right. We're good to go. Back to the bar.
—Do I need to dodge the door this time?
—Probably. And no backtalk, woman.
This time I grinned. She didn't take it well. By the look of it, Bobbie wasn't accustomed to being on the receiving end of backtalk from her men. All the better to play-act. If I could keep her uneven, it would make us look more realistic as a fighting couple.
We ended up wasting our time. The man behind the bar didn't seem to mind that I ignored the woman I was with. He made a play, and it looked like I'd be going home without her. Except, I didn't have a home. We never checked into a motel.
—We'll be staying with my parents. I haven't seen them in years.
Maybe she felt guilty about flirting.
—So the bartender is out of the picture?
She gave me the look. By now I was accustomed to it.
—How are you going to explain me?
It was her turn to grin.
—I'll figure something out.
—When you do, it would be nice if you'd let me know.
She ignored me. Nothing new there.
—Let's get out of this shithole. And welcome to Browntown. Home of impromptu car shows in closed mall parking lots, dog shows, and shady bars.




TWELVE


Bobbie


I HAD NO idea how I'd introduce Jim to my parents. He was older. Probably by ten years, at least. I knew they wouldn't care for that. I'd dated an older man before I moved out. When he showed up to take me on a date, he got dirty looks, and when I got home, I found myself on the receiving end of a stern lecture every time.
By the end of that relationship they had mellowed, but by then I moved on and moved out, fast. I made no mention of the men in my life ever again. There was no use. None had been any good anyway.
And then this one showed up in a gas bar. I glommed onto him like a lot lizard looking for a ride to the next truck stop. I got the free ride, all right. In more ways than one.
—You're going to be my partner. All things considered, it shouldn't be that difficult. They'll cluck and you'll get side-eye from my mother checking you out, but you'll pass. Mom always had a soft spot for the good men in my life.
I aimed a grin at the man. I couldn't help it. Besides, he was a good man.
—So then, I'm the good one?
—Don't push it, okay?
Yeah. We'd done enough of that already.
—There's a walk-up over the garage. They'll put you up there. It has an outside staircase.
Jim didn't seem to mind. It was all good. I hoped I would be able to find something, anything, in Ray's room. I needed to get the show on the road. Without a clue, I'd be lost. If I had nothing, there was no telling how long Jim would continue to hang around.
—That's the place. You can park in the driveway.
Dad must have just cut the lawn. It looked a perfect green.
—Should I collect the bags and follow you in?
—We can do that later. I want to get introductions over. They'll have way too many questions.
What I wasn't prepared for was my neighbor, Terry. We had no sooner pulled into the drive than the man rushed across the street, almost running. He asked too many questions. They came rapid-fire and non-stop.
Was he the one driving the vehicle that overtook us? He was right in front of me, and I couldn’t be certain. Jim seemed to take it in stride, though. That is, until he pulled me aside. He didn’t mince his words, either.
—You need to shut up about us to Terry.
He only confirmed my own suspicions.
—He's looking like a puppy happy to see anyone home and he's asking too many questions. Was he always like this?
I had to tell him no.
—Then just shut up. He's fishing. Someone has him on watch. It's why he couldn’t wait to get across the street. He wants to collect. I'll handle him. Just be ready.
I nodded, uncomprehending, yet wanting to please him.
—No way do you let on your neighbor’s cover is blown.


There was something wrong, and it was too obvious. The instant we pulled into Bobbie’s driveway, the house across the street came alive. The door slammed open and a man rushed out. The door swung shut behind him with a harsh crack.
He slithered across the street with a too-big, too-friendly smile. He ended up hugging Bobbie after looking her over with an appraising glance. The questions came too fast. Who, why, what, when, where, in a blurred rush of words and sentences as though he had to have the information all at once.
Or it was a checklist he had memorized. It was coming too fast as far as I was concerned. It was too pat. And he was too friendly. Not to her. To me, when he finally noticed me. Bobbie was glad to see him, though. I stood back and took it in.
The whole thing set the bells to ringing. Not too loud, but they were beginning to tingle. It was the smile. Too much. He wanted to know things. Way too many things. And the fawning.
Bobbie didn't seem to notice, but then, why would she? She'd just arrived and the guy probably wanted an update on where she'd been and why she was home. Neighbors were like that. Especially the ones that stayed behind, too scared to make a move and take a chance.
That. And former boyfriends.
—Did you two ever date?
I got it out of the way first thing. I already guessed the answer was no. It was all happening too fast. And there was no way I could separate the two of them to warn her. She gave me the look over his shoulder when they hugged.
Terry. That was his name. It was her father who introduced me. Like it was nothing. Of course it was nothing—to him. Terry chased us into the house and I knew for sure there was something else going on.
I followed Bobbie’s lead. I shook hands and smiled and nodded and smiled some more. Her mother didn’t seem to be as bad as Bobbie made her out to be. She welcomed me with a warm smile. But then it was still early in the grand scheme of introducing a strange man she was supposedly dating. And sleeping with.
And then the sleeping arrangements came up. Her mother seemed pleased when Bobbie’s father led me in the direction of the walk-up suite over the garage. He used the time and the conversation to size me up. I must have passed, because I ended up getting invited to the patio for a beer after getting settled in.
—Terry will be there. He comes over quite often asking about Roberta. It’ll be his chance to get it straight from her.
—That's nice.
For him. For me, it was concern enough to raise the hair on the back of my neck.
—Yes. He used to be a pretty good friend of Ray's, her brother.
It was starting to come together. Why Terry had been watching for something—anything—going on across the street. I figured Terry for a paid watchman. Or maybe someone who owed. Keeping watch was his way of making good on a debt. I couldn't know for certain, of course. But if he was, I knew who'd be doing the paying.
This deal I willingly entered into with Roberta wasn’t looking so simple now. I suspected it would be taking over more and more.
By the time I picked up my bag from the back of the car and hauled it upstairs, Terry was waiting for me. He was at the table, smiling, looking like an old friend. He appeared to be waiting for the coffee he thought I might make and a story about missed adventures and whatever else he could get me talking about.
I regarded the pasted smile, appraising. It was crooked. Insincere. Shady. Nervous. All of those and more.
Yes, Terry. I already know things about you.
I pretended to look over the kitchen. Unzipped my bag. Came up with a roll of tape. I went to work with a vengeance, giving him no time to react. I forced his arms behind him and taped his wrists. By the time I finished, his shoes were off and his ankles were secured to a kitchen chair.
For good measure, I wrapped his torso and the chair-back in tape.
He had to have it figured out. I knew by the frantic squirming and the whining. I ignored him before pulling the black bag out. I held it up in front of him. Wide eyes and a head shaking no wasn’t able to overcome the panic descending. I yanked the bag down to cover his head.
If he didn’t before, he knew for sure now. It took a few desultory shakes of his head before he seemed resigned that something bad was about to happen. I went for a towel and wrestled with the chair to place it under the back legs. I slipped him across the floor and into the bathroom.
I left him alone and went to check the small kitchen for evidence left behind. There was one text, and it wasn’t on my phone.

they're here

There was no reply.




THIRTEEN


Bobbie


I COULDN’T FIND Jim. Knowing him as I did, I figured he skipped out on the family stuff with Terry’s help and headed to his room over the garage. I walked in through the upstairs door. The place was empty but for water running in the bathroom.
I knocked, hard, and called out, already anticipating the Yes.
—You want some company in there?
I could use a shower too.
—You told me you were holding out, remember?
—Funny man.
Was he trying to get rid of me? I grinned like the devil and twisted the doorknob. For only a split second, I thought I might be pushing it with the friendly banter. Then the door opened. My smile froze. My eyes went wide as saucers. I leaned back against the door. It closed, and instantly I became trapped in the tiny room.
—What the hell are you doing?
I almost screamed it out.
Terry struggled against the tape holding him in the chair, twisting and turning, fingers wriggling. A wet black hood covered his head. His head tossed from side to side. He struggled to breathe. Gasped. Panted. Every hungry breath sucked the bag into his wide open, greedy mouth. Every desperate exhale forced it off his face until the next panicked breath.
I was just as panicked.
Who in his right mind travels with a black hood? That’s the very first thing that occurred to me. I didn’t think it safe to ask out loud. Jim was too busy.
He checked the drawstring and tipped the chair back. He released it to balance perfectly against the edge of the tub. Terry's hood-covered head flopped backwards under the shower’s running water. He struggled, shaking his head from side to side, desperate to take in air. Water soaked through the hood and it darkened.
—What the hell? Jim?
I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
—He's tattling on us. Look at the phone in the kitchen. Turn it off when you’re done.
I returned with the flip-phone in my hand.
—There's no way to tell who he's calling, but I've got a pretty good idea.
I picked up the phone and flipped it open. I didn't say anything. How could I?
—Stop. You'll kill him.
At last Terry recognized my voice. He shook his head in a useless attempt to escape the water. His feet twitched. He strained to sit up in the chair. All this while Jim shook his head and mouthed one word.
No.
The chair tipped forward and thumped onto all four legs. Terry sputtered and sobbed. His relief was short lived. Uncontrollable tremors took over his body. I could sympathize. Mine had done the same thing when I took over driving duties to allow Jim to ride shotgun.
At the time I wasn't being waterboarded.
—Are you going to get anything useful? Or are you only making him pay for some unconfessed sin?
I remembered reading somewhere that torture rarely, if ever, worked. I decided not to mention it to Jim. Now didn’t seem like the time.
—He's an amateur. He'll talk. He already believes he's going to drown.
Jim tipped the chair back. Terry's hood-covered head tipped beneath the running water. He sputtered and strained against his bindings.
—You didn't ask him anything.
Jim looked at me like I was crazy, yet he was the one waterboarding my neighbor with the hood over his head.
—Of course not. I'm only making sure he's warmed up first. You should get back downstairs before someone comes looking.
Horrified, I opened the door in the cramped bathroom. I backed out and slammed the door behind me. I stopped to inhale half a dozen times. It was a challenge to work up enough nerve to pretend to chat amiably with mom and dad while a man upstairs tortured my neighbor.
Maybe Jim was right. Maybe he'd learn something we could use to find my brother. And then there was that phone number.
I recognized it, all right. It belonged to the man on the yacht. Kennedy. The man who blackened my eye. He had programmed the same number into the burn phone I carried until Jim tossed it. Would I be forced to come clean with Jim?
Or was it already too late?


It took more time than I wanted, but Bobbie finally calmed down to where I could talk to her. She listened as I tried to convince her to hustle Terry across the street. I gave her instructions to talk him into leaving town. The faster, the better.
—It’ll give me some alone time with your folks.
A panicked look took over her face, confusing me. I couldn’t tell if it was because of what I’d done to Terry, or because I’d be spending alone time with mom and dad.
—It’ll give me a chance to convince them I’m not too old for you.
It would give her a reason to hurry back across the street after convincing Terry to hit the road if he didn’t want more of the same.


Bobbie’s folks were in their early sixties—too old to be involved in the drug trade as far as I was concerned. They didn't know anything about their involvement through their son. If Ray got caught out, by the Feds or by the cartel, they'd be in deep shit. No amount of paddling would be capable of getting them to shore.
Bobbie returned and gave me the nod. It wasn’t soon enough as far as I was concerned—and I wasn’t talking about her nod. She took one look at my situation with mom and dad, grinned, and knew right off I was a nervous wreck. It didn’t have anything to do with Terry. It was about dealing with her mother and father and fielding what seemed like a hundred questions launched at me in scattergun fashion. I wasn't accustomed to family dynamics. In fact, I was a real dope as far as they went.
It was a welcome relief to have her back. She drew me aside, and I lowered my voice.
—Did you do what I asked? Did you dump him across the street? Can you get me out of here?
I was exhausted from the grilling. She only kept on grinning.
—As we speak, he's packing a bag. I suggested it might be a good idea if he left town for a while.
—Good. I wouldn't feel comfortable with him around here after we leave.
—He'll be fine. I turned on his phone and parked it beneath the back seat of his car. He should have a nice trip.
And he would. Until the cartel got on his ass with tracking software and figured out he was on the run. Then, who knows? It wouldn't be our problem.
—All right. You did good.
Good? Hell, so far, she was spot on, and thorough, too. I wouldn't have known to do the phone thing even if I'd thought of it. Having our spy traveling on down the road and away from here was a bonus. I’d pat her on the back for it later.
Bobbie was good at explaining to her folks that she had to leave. She hugged and kissed and cried and generally made mom and dad feel as though she'd been here a week and didn't want to go away again. Even I believed her.
She dragged herself out to the car. I didn't ask. I had to admit, I was worried, too.
—That was tough.
—Yeah. I noticed. You did good with your neighbor. I half expected you to start screaming at me upstairs in the bathroom.
And I had, too.
—I know. I'm sorry. It took a while to process everything. When I finally realized we were into it, it helped a lot.
—Good.
—I'm still processing, Jim. It's difficult. It’s my brother.
I sent her back inside to be alone with her parents. She had some convincing to do if they could be talked into leaving town until we got Ray back. I figured she could handle it on her own without me around to complicate the discussion.
I used the time to drive solo to the bar on 14th. On the lookout for the man I recognized earlier, I had plenty of questions for him. Who did he work for? Had Kara been his boss, or was she only a drone? And who gave the order for her to be killed?
So far, I hadn't gotten to the part where I’d be dealing with what happened to Pilar, my wife. Christ but it would never end for me. I couldn’t even keep thoughts of Kara out of it though I’d promised myself I’d forget about her.
Perhaps Bobbie's problem with her brother was a part of it. Just maybe, two sets of problems could become one. I wasn't holding my breath.
Bobbie proved herself more than capable of handling the details. If I could accept her as being on my side, perhaps we'd be able to accomplish more together.




FOURTEEN


Bobbie


IT TOOK A WHILE to settle down after waving farewell to Terry and sending him on his way. I patted myself on the back for thinking to stash the cell phone in the car. If anyone was searching—and after listening to Jim's explanation, they would be—they would be on him in no time.
Convinced by Jim that Terry was with the bad guys, I was happy. He’d been chased away from the neighborhood and sent packing, far from my parents. Possibly he'd be seen by the cartel as a coward on the run. I almost danced my way across the street, just as I had danced my way down the dock to the mainland only two days earlier in Diamondhead.
Except now, I had to accept whatever I was into. What we were into. It couldn’t be good.
It took Jim a while, but he admitted that I had done all right. I don't think he had a hard time admitting it. It appeared as though he realized he wasn't alone. Whether he liked to admit it—
I hoped this man knew I could help with his problem as he had helped with mine. Exactly what his problem was, I had yet to learn. As for circumstances concerning my brother, I was no farther ahead. By now I suspected that it more than likely wasn’t going to be pretty.
I joined Jim at the car.
—Where are we headed?
—We're going back to the bar. I need to take another look. And the safe house where my ex was taken is just around the corner.
I opened the door to get in.
—You can’t, Bobbie. You have to convince your folks to get out of town until we find Ray.
I wanted to ask about what happened to him so much it hurt. Who was she? Ex-wife? Ex-girlfriend? Where was she? I decided to wait him out. I think he was doing the same. Maybe we were in standoff territory. Maybe we weren't.
Just the same, I'd thank him when I thought the time was right, even if I was no closer to finding my brother.
In record time I convinced mom and dad of the folly of staying home when Ray hadn’t been found yet. Mom took it in stride when I told her about his drug dealings. Even she got it about having the house under threat. Dad, not so much. He wanted to keep believing his son could do no wrong. It finally took mom dragging him out of the house after she’d packed a couple of bags.
Even then, my father was reluctant to leave.


I checked the text. Bobbie was ready, having convinced her parents to get out of Dodge. I picked up sandwiches and coffee before doubling back. I guessed her folks hadn’t been so difficult to convince after all.
—Are we going to be camping out?
—It’s a diet change with sandwiches. Prepare yourself for a day of boredom. There's two of us. We’ll take turns sleeping and dozing and sweating and cursing each other after a couple of hours. If no nosy neighbors come out to ask questions, it will be a bonus.
—Whatever you say.
—It’s a stakeout. It is what it is.
I made for the first house and positioned us with sightliness that would allow us a clear view. In half an hour, Bobbie's head was back against the seat and she was quietly snoring. I let her be. In another couple of hours, I'd be doing the same. The nice thing about having her along would be letting her take her turn to try and keep awake while I counted sheep.
Or maybe cartel coca.


My head banged the window. I came to with a start. My eyes opened on the empty seat beside me. Shit. Where had that woman gotten to now? My hand was set to pull on my door handle when Bobbie showed up and climbed in.
I sent a fierce look in her direction. She looked back entirely too pleased with herself. I was so angry I could barely speak. I waited before I said something I’d regret.
—Yeah. I know. I couldn't help it. I had to pee. I took a leisurely stroll and circled back along the alley behind the house. There's a garage. I looked through a window. It looks like my brother's beater is there.
My face softened listening to her explanation. Dismay at her disappearance turned to admiration for her initiative.
—Are you sure?
—Pretty much. The window doesn't let in much light, but it sure looks like it.
I started the car and drove down the street, searching for a new location for our stakeout. I pulled into a spot shaded by a tree. It would keep us out of the noonday sun.
—Did anyone go into the house?
Bobbie shook her head.
—We should check it out.
Around the back I tried the door. It opened almost too easily. The entire scene was a puzzle. Something wasn’t right. Why would a car belonging to a drug smuggler be stashed out back of a safe house? It made little sense. Unless—
The safe house was no longer so safe. More likely, it had been dropped from the list. It was used for something more sinister. Empty, it could be used for storing drugs. Or cash. Perhaps both. I sniffed the air. There was no lingering smell that I could discern.
We made our way to the beat-up garage. I looked through the filthy window into the dark interior.
—Is it your brother’s car?
—Yes. I'm certain.
I considered for a moment.
—Come on. There's something we need to do.
I took us back to our car and positioned it in the alley next to the garage. I looked across at Bobbie.
—Go get your brother's car.
She looked at me like I was crazy.
—I don't have the keys.
—They're in the ignition. Do I have to do everything?
It was a long shot. But if I guessed right, we’d be on easy street. She punched me in the shoulder. Hard.
—You've got a brother, all right. I'm thinking you gave as good as you got.
She grinned. I rubbed my shoulder.
—Maybe I'll console you later if it hurt that much. With ice, even.
—Promises. And one more thing-
She raised an eyebrow and waited.
—If the keys aren’t in the ignition, check the sunshade. Don’t forget the ashtray, either. Look beneath the floor mats on the driver’s side.
—I thought you said—
I got a dirty look for my trouble. In less time than it took to unload our bags, Bobbie reversed the car out of the garage.
—Where were they?
She ignored me. I backfilled with our own car and forced the door closed over the uneven ground. She loaded the bags into the trunk of her brother's wreck and slammed it shut.
—Now what?
—Our bags are packed. Let's head to Mexico.
—What about—
I already knew she wanted to ask about my handgun. I didn't give her the chance.
—Did you bring your bikini?
—As if.
She handed me another dirty look. I pulled to the side of the road and popped the trunk. I put my pistol beneath the spare tire while Bobbie rummaged in her bag. She got back in the front with her top and some concealer.
How could I not look? Hell, I stared, open mouthed, as she pulled off her shirt and began spreading concealer over her bruised breast. She made it even more difficult when she arched her back to don the bikini top. She caught me out in the mirror.
—Want to pull over and help? You know you do.
I grinned evilly.
—Why would I? I've seen it all before.
I should have known better. I rubbed my shoulder even longer this time. There'd be another bruise for my troubles. Damn but the woman could throw a punch.
—What are you doing? You're not really pulling over.
I was in the middle of a u-turn, heading back to the alley and the garage.
—Did you look beneath those blue tarps? What's under them?
—I didn't think about it. I was in too much of a hurry.
I stopped at the garage entrance. It was an older wooden building. The door swung open on rusty hinges. The floor was dirt. The tiny window hadn’t been cleaned since it was built. The walls were bare. The dim light revealed nothing but a car.
I lifted the corner of a tarp for a quick look and hurried back to our own car.
—Got a match?
—Not since I met you. Why?
—Funny. Push the lighter in, would you?
—The lighter?
—For crying out loud. How old are you again? Push in the thing sticking out from the power outlet. When it pops out, hand it to me. Carefully.
—You reek of gasoline. What did you do?
—Wait and see, kiddo. Wait and see.
—Don't call me kiddo.
I caught a whiff of more fumes. The tiny hole I managed to inflict on the car’s plastic gas tank was doing a yeoman’s job of spilling fuel inside the small building. Bobbie handed me the lighter. I tossed it beneath the car and separated myself from the conflagration as fast as I could. On the way I caught hold of Bobbie’s arm and dragged her with me.
The garage went up with a loud whump and orange flames. The door flew open and then banged shut as air rushed in to feed the flames. We watched from inside her brother’s car until the heat became too much. Growing orange flames and screaming sirens finally chased us away.
I eased the car out of the alley and turned onto 14th.


I felt compelled to give Bobbie a pat on the back. Even if she broke the rules.
—You did good when you abandoned the stakeout and took a walk. I would never have thought of doing that.
In fact, it was a no-no I learned the hard way a long time ago.
—Maybe, but I got lucky. Who would have known that my brother's car would be there?
The house didn't appear to be lived in. Bobbie was right. I would never have thought a car would be stored in a garage at a safe house. Someone must have figured it would be a good place for it.
—We need to take a better look at your brother’s junker.
I parked by the side of the road and did a walk-around. Mexican plates. Tamaulipas state. Just across the border.
—Any reason he'd put those plates on this thing?
I popped the trunk and shifted our bags. I came up with Texas plates tucked under a rag.
—Well, that explains things a bit more.
It couldn't be that simple. Surely the border checks would catch a car and driver swapping out plates. Unless. Unless the fix was in. That would mean crossing at times of the day when certain guards were on duty. Shit.
—Roberta. Are any of your brother's friends border guards?
—A couple. Why?
I walked her through what I was thinking. The brother driving north, returning from a night of partying. A Mexican national to drive the car back with Mexican plates in place. She refused to consider any of it.
—His friends were like brothers to mom and dad. To all of us. They came to our place to eat and sleep over and mom treated them like they were her own. There's no way. No way in hell.
—Are you sure? Remember what was going on with Terry. He was on the lookout, photographing everyone coming and going from across the street and sending the images to his cartel friends. He even sent a text when you arrived with me in tow.
Bobbie turned away to avoid my gaze.
Why was this woman still in denial? I made sure to show her the text on Terry's phone right after I discovered it. How long would it take her to wake up?
What else was going on that I didn’t know about?
I was starting to think that Bobbie was working at cross-purposes with me. Sure, she said she’d come along for the ride once we located her brother. She was all smiles and yapping a mile a minute when things were going her way.
The instant I came up with something obvious, she shut me down and refused to believe me. The text had been obvious. She knew that number. I could tell by the way she avoided looking at me then, too.
I needed to keep my eyes open with this one, or I could end up desaparecido in Mexico.




FIFTEEN


Bobbie


SURELY MY OWN brother wouldn't be dumb enough to collude with friends to transport drugs across the river. It wasn't unheard of, of course. Were his friends in on the deal? And if it was true, no one had been caught. Wouldn’t I have heard about it if they had?
Jim had to be wrong. He had to be. Except—
Somehow, the cartel found me. On pain of death they forced me to find my brother, or else. So I went along. And ended up beaten and bruised for my trouble.
Sure, maybe I’d brought that on myself. I wasn’t exactly enamored of Kennedy on the yacht. He was an asshole. And I wouldn’t sleep with him.
And then I met Jim. He seemed to be a nice guy. One of the good ones. But there was something. I couldn't put my finger on it right this minute. Possibly he was on the lookout, too. For what, I didn't yet know. But I'd find out. If curiosity didn't kill the cat.
So I asked.
—Are you ever going to tell me what your deal is down here? It can't be to help out a hitch-hiker because she invited you into her bed.
It wasn’t the first time he looked at me like I was nuts.
—Are you sure you want to know?
I waited, afraid he might turn away from me yet again. He pursed his lips and shook his head as though resolved and yet fearful.
—I'm an ex-cop. I picked up some government work to help pay the bills after I decided I didn't want to be a big-city cop.
He hesitated, probably wondering how much he should tell me. Maybe wondering if I could be trusted.
—I got tangled up in this one deal. Fell in love with the agent. Got tasked to do a couple more assignments with her, probably because I was led to believe she loved me.
A fairy tale love story. This was starting to get interesting. I waited for him to go on.
—We got married in Todos.
The way he said it sounded Mexican.
—Todos?
—Todos Santos. On the Baja. She told me she was pregnant. Our boat exploded. She was killed. So was our baby.
Wait. What? His pregnant wife was killed? He's a sailor? He owned a boat. That exploded? Where the hell was he and what was he doing when that was going on? I feared if I interrupted he'd stop. I’d never get him to talk about it again.
—I went ashore offering a mordida—a bribe—to buy a berth in the harbor. I stopped to pick up food and was headed back when our boat disintegrated in front of me. Everything I thought I knew and believed in was taken away in that instant.
The man wouldn't stop. He just kept on going, like a windup toy that had been converted to batteries. Perhaps I should have stopped him. I couldn't.
—I stayed drunk for months. And searched. And went broke. I finally gave up. It took years to get over it. I remarried. To a wonderful woman. Who was pregnant when the plane she was on exploded in mid-air.
Holy shit. I thought I had problems.
—The fed investigators found explosive residue in Pilar's luggage. They were convinced she was a bomber on a mission. There was a problem with that. It was a small plane. A charter. Not an airliner.
Wide-eyed, I kept staring at him, wanting him to go on. Afraid that he would.
—The investigation ended with no resolution that would ever satisfy me. It only made me more angry.
I couldn't look at him any longer. Then, like passing a car wreck on the highway, I turned back.
—I'm going to find the sons of bitches and kill every last living one of them. Then I'm going to kill their families. And their dogs. And burn down their homes. I'll poison their cropland and kill their livestock, if they have any.
My eyes filled with tears.
—All of them.
Sobs that wouldn’t stop wracked my body. I swiped at my face with the back of my hand and sniffled like a kid.
—Maybe we can get going on finding my brother.
Had I just said that? It had to sound ridiculous. I had no experience with any of it.
—The sooner we're done with that, the sooner we can get to tracking down the killers you’re looking for.
I looked at him. Still not believing. Wondering if I could help. If he'd let me. Wanting to believe.
—You're sweet, Roberta. But I think what I have to do is beyond your pay grade. Do you have any sisters?
What? Sisters?
—No. Why?
What the hell?
—Just wondering. I'll let you know.
He'll let me know. He just spilled his guts. Two women he once loved are dead. Now he wants to know if I have a sister?
Damn but this man was frustrating to the nth degree.


I didn’t know why I was in such a hurry to tell Bobbie about my predicament. Perhaps I thought it would scare her off. Finding her brother and discovering his links to the local cartel might speed up my quest. If I had to have her around, it would be because she could be a means to my own ends.
It occurred to me that the delay her missing brother would cause could turn out to be a lot longer than I figured on. His was more than a simple missing person case. While he was parading back and forth across the border in a car set up to smuggle drugs, I was out looking for him.
Had Bobbie thought to stake out the border as a part of her own deal?
So be it. I shut out my problems and began an attempt at looking at hers from a new angle. The trouble was, I liked her. Perhaps a little too much.
—Have you got a plan?
I dropped the question on her like I knew what I was asking. Hell, even I didn't have a plan.
—I was hoping you might have one.
Just as I thought.
—We've got a car all set up to smuggle. What do you say we do some?
Bobbie grinned. She hitched her thumbs through her belt loops and flapped her elbows.
—If I didn't know better, I'd say that kinda sounds like you want to do dirty things. With me, maybe?
Hell yeah. What I wanted to do with her didn't involve smuggling. I couldn't help smiling.
—We don't have time. Maybe later.
Promises. I'd been good at making promises with Allie. Now I was unhappy to be on the other end.
—Come on, Roberta. It's time.
We climbed into the beater and headed towards the river.
—Wait a minute.
I pulled the car over.
—There's something I think we should try.
It was something simple. Something we should have tried when she told me who her brother’s friends were.
—You want me to take my top off again?
I ignored the woman’s grin.
—What if we left this wreck near the border station parking lot? In plain sight where those two have to walk past to get to work. Or off shift.
Maybe we could scare up some action. Put the fear of being outed into them. Perhaps it would force them to make a mistake.
—What do we have to lose? Let's do it.
The lot would be full of cameras. What border lot wasn't these days? I stopped for caps and dark glasses and hoodies. Gangsta style. It might look suspicious, but if we got away with it, no one would find us through facial recognition.
—Check the parked cars. We need something to sit in while we keep an eye open.
I drove up and down row after row of cars baking in the heat. Bobbie pointed out a space close to the walkway. Coming or going, they'd have to go right past it.
—That was too easy. All we have to do is watch. And no sneaking off when I fall asleep.
—You keeping late hours I don't know about?
—Not since you won't share a bed with me. I've taken to sleeping with you in public on our stakeouts.
She grinned and I smiled.
—I'll see what I can do.
I left it alone.
—Will you be able to recognize these guys? It's been a while.
—No problem. I'll wake you gently.
I parked Ray’s car in plain view close to the lot entrance. We left it and strolled nonchalantly towards the watch car. Waves of heat reflected off the dark asphalt. Unable to power down the windows, we cracked the doors and left them open.
With nothing else to do, I slipped the seat back and settled in down low. I dropped the sun visor and pulled the cap over my eyes.


An over-excited elbow dug a fresh hole in my side. My head snapped up. So much for being gentle.
—Stay down, Jim. They’re fifty or sixty feet away. Pretending to talk. But they've been giving Ray’s car the stink-eye.
—You sure it's them?
Being on the receiving end of a dirty look from Bobbie wasn't high on my list of favorites.
—Of course I'm sure. I've known those two all my life. Now what?
—We wait. Just to see what they do. If they do anything. I don't think they’ll do it here, but you never know.
The two friends continued standing around, hands in pockets. Heads turned nonchalantly, searching. They looked like a couple of guys just off shift trying to decide whether to stop on the way home for a beer.
They strolled closer to the car for a better look. One checked the plate and nodded. They weren’t trying to hide their curiosity any longer. What I didn't want was for them to call in reinforcements and seize the wreck.
—They know it's the one.
They continued towards the lot, not looking back.
—Now we know they're involved up to their eyeballs. We got lucky, Bobbie.
What do we do about it?
We didn't have time to figure it out. They parted company suddenly. One headed in our direction, double-timing it all the way. Bobbie jumped out of the car and ran towards him. Bobbie’s shouting moved on to shoving. She yelled loud enough to wake the dead and I thought world war three was about to unfold.
Using the diversion, I crawled out of the car on hands and knees. I made my way back a couple of cars and sat on the curb while I waited for Bobbie to calm down. She walked calmly past the drug car to meet up with me.
—Well?
—He denied everything. He's not happy about it, though. I'm pretty sure he wanted to take me in. The only thing stopping him was fear of being discovered if I talked. He’d better know that I'd talk.
—You did a job convincing him from what I could see. What do you want to do now?
—We'll wait. When has anyone with a job like this hesitated to get in touch with their guilty friends? Especially when they're crooked.
She was right. Eventually, we moved off the lot like we owned the place. I wanted a place to stay, to use as our base. I wanted to figure out which way we'd be headed. It didn't help that I had no clue. My problem would be on the back burner for now.
It was obvious Ray’s two friends were involved up to their ears. Now that I had something to work with, I'd help Bobbie find her brother. When she was satisfied, it would be my turn to make a move. I’d solve the problem I'd set out to solve before I picked her up at the gas station.
Come hell or high water.




SIXTEEN


Bobbie


I WAS CLUELESS. I was feeling pretty good about it, though. Or maybe I was being delusional. Sure, I knew Jim had it all figured out. Maybe I’d been reluctant to disclose everything I knew. But the more time I spent with him, the more I believed in him. He was competent. He knew things. Sure, he was older. But that didn’t detract from any of it.
And he still needed a shave. I’d forgotten about that.
I was a neophyte. At all of it. Except the falling in love part. How can someone end up with feelings so intense about someone after only a few days? What was going on in my life that I had allowed these feelings to develop virtually overnight?
And how was I going to tell him the truth about what was going on in my life?
—Jim?
I scraped my fingers along the line of his jaw.
—You need a shave.
He gave me the look that said it wasn’t the most important thing in his life right about now. I gave him one back that said I love you and left it unspoken. He ignored me, as usual.
But that was all right. I was getting accustomed to it. And that would have to change—he ignoring me, that is—or else.


Bobbie would not be satisfied until we put our hands on her brother, and I couldn't blame her. Just knowing that two of his friends, both border guards, could be a part of the problem wouldn't help. She needed a lot more.
—We need to regroup.
I turned the car around and headed back to 14th.
—We need a base. Know any decent motels?
As usual. She ignored me.
—We have a perfectly good place to stay. I used to live there, remember? It’s called home. Why do we need a seedy motel room? Are you still traveling on a budget?
Bobbie wiggled a hand into a pocket and ended up fishing a handful of cash out of it. She counted up to five hundred and halted. She waved it in front of me.
—It’s courtesy of my yachting friend. Kennedy. The one who beat me up.
I didn’t know if she was trying to convince me we were broke, or if she was going to volunteer to buy us a room for the night.
—Stop and think about it for just a minute, okay?
But I didn't let her.
—You want to take us back to your home. Where there was a lookout just across the street. What if he's been replaced? What's the plan then?
She tucked the wad of cash back in her pocket and grabbed at her flying hair.
—Christ. Can we get something with air next time? I don't know, Nash. I'm trying. I really am. I'm new to all of this. In case you haven't noticed.
—Look. We need to stop and regroup. We're already steps ahead of where we were yesterday. That has to be obvious. We know Ray is hooked up with those two. The way they checked out the car made it plain.
—You're right. I know. But—
—We need to catch our breath and work on a strategy to hook up with them. They have to know where Ray is. Otherwise, why the concern about the car?
I passed a motel and turned around.
—You want your own room?
—I feel safe with you. Is that all right?
I signed up for the room with the biggest bed. Bobbie made for the shower. I stripped the automatic and made sure the magazines were properly loaded. An obsession with things like that paid for itself more than a few times in my past.
I felt Bobbie’s presence over my shoulder. Her warmth from the hot shower. The slight scent of the perfume.
—I like that on you. It's nice. So is the perfume.
I turned. Her robe opened. Inviting. Her eyes sparkled. Long, damp hair combed close. Lip gloss. She had put on lip gloss. A hand caressed my chin.
—About that shave—
She kissed me. I kissed back. I stood up. She wrapped her legs around me.
—I think we should call for a chambermaid.
—Why? The room will be in ruins again in a bit anyway.
—You're pretty confident in your abilities.
—And you aren’t?


I left her and headed for the shower. She joined me and then hurried out before I had a chance to encourage more. By the time I finished, she'd slipped into a brightly colored skirt and sandals. Damn but the woman looked good with her clothes on, too.
—What are you looking at, mister?
Bobbie did a twirl. The loose, filmy skirt flared and exposed just enough thigh to get me interested all over again.
—Not a chance. I can tell by the look on your face. I didn't put this on just to take it off right away. We're going out. And you’re buying.
—You’re the one with all the cash.
—Maybe. But it’s the reserve fund. I reserve it for the men I care about.
—So then—
—I’m not talking. Change the subject if you know what’s good for you.
Bobbie led us up the street to a honky-tonk place she knew. We made our way through a parking lot populated by half-tons into a place with too many long bars, plenty of men for too few women, and a huge dance floor filled with sweaty people in a row all kicking their feet.
More than a few seemed to know her. She answered plenty of questions about her brother and his whereabouts. She avoided the obvious and told everyone who asked that he was off traveling. Judging by the questions, she didn’t need to explain to me that Ray was a popular one with the ladies.
Bobbie caught up on the local gossip and traded stories about some of her friends. I went with it and let her have her evening. Too many drinks turned into more of the same. When we called it quits, we ended up strolling arm in arm back to the motel.  Her head rested on my shoulder the entire way.
 My senses filled to overflowing with this woman. The way her hair and other parts swayed when she walked. The slightest wisp of perfume. The way she held my hand and bumped against me, hip to hip. The rhythm and flow of footsteps that matched mine.
We stopped to kiss, and stopped again. The motel loomed. I picked her up and carried her to the door. Bobbie fished for the key card in her bag.
—Be careful. This could turn into habit.
I thought we were headed for bed. My mistake.
Bobbie walked out of the bathroom and headed for the door. I hesitated for a second before wising up. I followed her into the parking lot.




SEVENTEEN


Bobbie


I CONVINCED JIM to accompany me to a second road house a couple of blocks distant. He lagged behind and I knew what he was doing, because I'd stayed in the bathroom to dress, surprising him with the skirt and blouse. I already knew I looked good. Maybe too good. I knew I was in trouble, too.
Did he know?
—Is there some reason you're bringing up the rear, mister? This is Texas. A girl expects her man to keep up, or else. In fact, I insist on it.
I twirled for him and kept going. He gave me a smack that had me rubbing my rear all the way to the traffic light.
—You know you're not going to get to see that, right? You're cut off.
The hang-dog look didn't do any good, and I made sure he knew it. I smiled angelically all the way into the copy-cat bar, almost indistinguishable from the one we were in earlier. Back when we all hung out, we would traipse back and forth. I expected it was no different now.
I drew the attention of a good number of singles and a few not so single. Jim noticed, too. I grabbed his hand and hung on.
—You must be used to it by now.
He didn’t seem to be the jealous type.
—No. Not really. In a place like this, I want them to know I'm yours.
—So I'm not cut off?
—We'll see.
Which was as good an answer as he had forthcoming for the rest of the evening. Keep 'em wondering, I always said, and not out loud.
I showed my heavy-footed, clumsy oaf of a boyfriend a Texas two-step and we laughed and hugged and slow danced and had a great time. I liked the slow dancing best of all. Jim said he was scared of hurting me if he hugged me too close.
I told him I’d let him know.
He hugged some more, and I kept quiet. I allowed him to keep our sweaty bodies close. I figured he couldn't see me wincing with my head on his shoulder. It gave me a chance to wonder what I was up to with the boyfriend part of the night.
Browntown being what it was, I ran into more friends from the old days. They wondered, and I tried to explain over the music and the dancing. I ended up inviting them to join us at our stand-up table.
Conversation, dancing, and beer flowed into the wee hours as we caught up on old times. Jim left for a bathroom break while we girls scurried outside to cool off and trade stories without a man around.


I was zipping up over the porcelain when the waitress banged on the door and barged in.
—Your girls are being hassled out in the parking lot.
—My girls? What?
—The women you were with. You better get your ass out there in a hurry. It looks like some locals are taking exception to you having three all to yourself.
It couldn't be. We walked from the hotel.
I made for our table. The top was covered with empty glasses. The women were nowhere in sight. I took the waitress at her word and scrambled to dodge bodies on the crowded dance floor on the way to the door and the parking lot.
A jumble of jacked-up half-tons blocked my view. Howling pipes and clouds of rubber from burnouts made sure the women would never hear me. I couldn’t figure where they could have gotten to in the huge lot.
Out of the corner of my eye I caught a flash of light. I went to investigate. A chrome short-barreled handgun accompanied one of the women at our table. She had it aimed at the backs of two men. They stood with arms outstretched and hands planted firmly against the wall.
The handgun turned into a chrome short-barreled .45 revolver when I drew closer. It had to look even bigger than that to the two good old boys it was leveled at. One of them moved an outstretched arm.
—Move again and it’ll be your last, asshole.
The high-pitched voice from the short woman I had just met and knew as Sally drew just about every eye within hearing range. Sally's hand went over her head in the direction of the night sky. A thunderclap sounded as the .45 echoed off the stucco-covered wall.
Sally definitely had everyone's attention. The two men were all about hugging a wall and they didn’t seem so happy to be there. Worse, their friends were giving them more than a little grief in loud voices that spread over the lot. I used the break in the action to try and smooth it over.
—All right, ladies. The getting looks to be good. What do you say we high-tail it out of here before the law shows up?
No bigger than a minute, tiny little Sally looked in my direction. I hoped she wasn't so drunk that she didn't recognize me.
—You're right, Jim. My car is this way.
I thanked my lucky stars and grabbed Bobbie's hand. Sally held out her own after tucking the pistol into her purse.
—You want to take mine too, Jim?
Sally grabbed onto me and Bobbie gave me the look. Together we stumbled our way to an immaculately restored, bright-orange Judge. I pulled at the seatback to let Bobbie into the back. Before the door closed, Sally stomped on the pedal and the car guzzled gas and laid rubber all the way out of the parking lot. She spotted me looking over her prized possession.
—You like it?
—Nice car. Who did the work?
—I did. All by my lonesome. If you weren't attached, I'd let you drive it sometimes.
I about had the hugest grin ever. For a minute I thought I should open my mouth and firmly insert my foot. Then Bobbie looked over and caught me out. From the back seat she jabbed fingers into my ribs. Hard.
—Just like old times. He's taken, Sally. Take us back to the motel. By the look of it, he needs to know he's taken.
—Well, well, stranger. Your girl hasn't changed in the slightest.
My grin went even bigger at the prospect. When Sally dropped us at the motel, Bobbie had a grip on my hand that wasn't about letting go until she dragged me back to the room and far away from her friend.
—The couple that goes together, and leaves together, stays together. Is that what you're trying to tell me?
—Something like that.
Bobbie shimmied out of the important stuff in plain view.
—Good to know.
She switched off the desk lamp and moved closer in the darkened room. There was enough electricity between us that I didn't need any light.
I knew I was taken.


I woke with a start and focused on the flashing digits in a dark room. I reached behind and slipped a hand beneath the sheets, searching. Bobbie’s side of the bed was stone cold.
—Bobbie?
No answer. Where had that woman gotten to this time? I gave up and dozed off, alone and warm beneath the sheets. Content knowing that she disappeared for more ice. I didn't give it another thought.
Through the open window a blood-curdling scream assaulted my ears. I sat bolt-upright. I kicked off the sheets and scrambled to find my pants in the pitch-black room. I tugged on a shirt and found my knife. I kicked at the screen and put a leg through the first-floor window. Barefoot, I stepped out onto cool, damp grass.
The power had to be out. There were no lights anywhere. I made my way cautiously to where I remembered the ice machine was between buildings. Heavy boots scratched on gravel and pavement. I followed the sound and ended up peering around the corner into a darkened alley between the two buildings. A trouble light flicked on.
The feeble glow was enough to illuminate the man bent over Bobbie’s back. His weight forced her over the ice machine. She struggled to escape the grip of a second man grabbing at her wrists. She managed to get one free and slapped and scratched until her arms ended up completely subdued.
The man behind her pulled at her pants, forcing them down. The second man covered her mouth and pushed her face against the wall. Bobbie’s head twisted and turned beneath his grip as she struggled to call out.
A loud grunt escaped as Bobbie bit into a hand. A fist came up and smashed into the back of her head. She banged against the cooler, collapsed, and went limp and silent. The battery light flickered and died in the same instant.
The knife slipped out of its sheath, fitting my hand perfectly. In half a dozen silent steps I was at the assailant's back. I smashed him in the head with the butt of the knife. He didn't drop. He didn't let go, either.
For good measure I gave him a solid blow to the temple. He thumped onto the asphalt. His partner didn't notice the commotion. He was too engaged in trying to force Bobbie's underwear below her knees.
When he realized I was there, he released Bobbie to give me his undivided attention. It was too late. Bobbie slipped from his grip and planted herself on the ground.
I twisted and drew back and then extended the arm holding the blade. It plunged into the man's side. Somehow, I managed to hold off thrusting it all the way to the hilt. A groan, and then another and he collapsed beside his partner. Two kicks to two heads for spite and it was over.
I pulled Bobbie up and surrounded her in my arms.
—Come on, sunshine. It’s time for bed. The next time you want to go for a walk in the middle of the night, wake me first. I’ll write you a note, okay?
—Not in your lifetime.
—Of course not. And look where it got you. If I hadn't heard—
—You don’t seem to appreciate my methods. I had everything under control. I was biding my time to make my move.
—So that's why you're leaning on me shaking so bad you can barely stand on your own?
—Pretty much. Can you help me back to the room?
The trouble light flicked on for an instant, illuminating a faint smile. I shook my head, figuring that was all the surrender I’d get. My arm circled her waist. At the door, she halted, waiting.
Women. A man can't live without them. I picked her up and carried her through the door.
—Are you going to call an ambulance?
—Why? He only got your underwear to your knees. Are you trying to tell me he got to home base?
—You knifed him.
—Nah. I only stuck it in part way. And you seem to be doing all right. No sense circling the wagons for anyone to spot.
—You're a good man. Now set me down. I need to shower.
I went back to bed. This time, when I woke, Bobbie was beside me, clinging and snoring peacefully. Damn but I wish I had a camera phone. I'd play the video after she declared she didn't snore.
Which was probably a bad idea, but I lived through worse. I moved a hand to my shoulder and rubbed at the bruise remaining from one of Bobbie’s punches.




EIGHTEEN


Bobbie


DAMN IT TO hell. I only meant to get some ice. How was I to know a motel pervert would be on the lookout for someone like me? And there were two of them. They moved so fast I barely had time to react. I tried, though.
I swung too late. My arms were forced down and my fist had no travel. I tried a kick. I couldn’t get leverage. Already the men had me off balance. I couldn't get my foot back far enough to do any real damage. I reached for the knife before remembering I left it in the room.
My struggling was in vain. I twisted and managed to open my mouth far enough to bite the shit out of the finger that slipped into it. The hand pulled back and I screamed and had my head bashed against the ice machine for my trouble.
My ass would be up for grabs in another minute if it took even that long in the dark. Damn the power failure, too.
And then Jim stormed the hill. He kicked ass and took names and it was over before I knew it had even begun. The only thing is, he stuck a knife into one of them. If he bled out, we'd be in deep shit. Then I remembered the power was out and there'd be no CCTV tape on the news at eleven.
I ended up shaking so bad he had to help me to the room. I made him pay for being late. I forced him to carry me through the door.
—We need to check into a better class of motel.
—No prob. You pay next time.
Point made. And I was just happy to be here.
I headed for the shower. When I came out, I collapsed on the bed in nervous exhaustion and fell asleep snuggled against my savior. Warm and safe.
Damn him to hell, too.


I didn’t want to push Bobbie. I pushed anyway. I needed to know.
—Your brother’s friends. Who are they?
She pulled at the sheet to cover her naked breasts and sat up. It was as though she was attempting to shield herself from the interrogation she knew was coming.
—All our friends were neighborhood kids. We hung out at one time or another with everyone. Some moved apart as we got older. Ray kept up with the two who ended up taking government jobs and the guaranteed security for their families. My brother didn't want that. He wanted something better for himself.
—Did he ever stop to figure out how he'd do that?
—I don't think so. That's why he was still living in the basement. Maybe his two friends figured out a way to feed him a crap line about having money to do all the things he wanted. They probably told him all he would have to do is make a few trips across the river.
—Yeah. I think we know how that goes. They would eventually get gold stars for busting a supply chain. Whether it was a friend or a cartel.
Bobbie looked at me like I was a traitor for even suggesting it. For her own good I went on.
—Ray is taking all the risk. Whether he got discovered by his friends, or by a drug-sniffing dog, he'd be done. He might have leverage if he turned in his border-guard friends. Maybe not.
I could see the wheels turning.
—He’s loyal. He’d never rat out friends.
—In that case he'd do serious time. And your parents would lose everything they ever worked for as proceeds of crime. It would take too much money and time to get it back.
—Well you're a Mr. Negative.
She patted the bed beside her.
—There's room for you here, you know. You don't have to sit all alone way over there.
I wanted to get away. And I wanted Bobbie to at least take time to consider what I said.
—There's a little takeout place next door. I won't be long.
She smiled and wriggled beneath the sheets.
—I'll be here keeping everything warm.


I was gone for twenty minutes, max. The room was empty when I returned.
—Bobbie? You here?
Damn the woman and her disappearing act. I’d only been half-serious about writing notes for her. I pushed open the bathroom door.
Someone had to know where we were. Or where she was. I don't know if I fit into their equation or not. Probably not, since I was left behind to try and figure it out. It looked more and more like last night’s attack had been a prelude to today’s kidnapping. If I hadn’t heard her scream—
It didn’t matter. She was still gone.
I wolfed down the food and burned my mouth with too-hot coffee while I shoveled clothes into our bags. On the way to the car I stopped at the front desk. The clerk hadn't seen anything. If he had, I figured he wasn't about telling me what he knew. I could tell by the empty, shifty eyes staring back.
I was on my own.
Before stepping out I took a studied look over the lot before making my way to the car. I drove in circles, waiting to find a tail. Hoping I would. It would give me somewhere to start, at least, if I could put the finger on him.
Where would Bobbie end up?
The safe house turned into a money and drug drop was a good bet. While I sat, I wracked my brain. Friends. Neighbors. Buddies. Could it be that obvious? I quit the stakeout and headed for what I thought might be a better opportunity.
I pulled the car in back. Bobbie’s parents were long gone. I loaded up with my handgun and a knife. I jimmied the door and locked it behind me. In the living room, the curtains covered the huge window. I dragged a chair into position, lifted a corner, and settled back to watch and learn what I could from Terry’s former residence. If I was any more comfortable—
My chin sagged onto my chest and I woke with a start. I peered out the window in the dark. Across the street, two coverall-clad men resembling yesterday's border guards walked out of Terry’s place. They were definitely the two Bobbie helped me scope out in the parking lot.
I began following on the off chance they might not be going to or coming from work. I ended up tailing them to something called Dos Amigos. It turned out to be a sketchy-looking storage facility not far from the Express Bridge. They disappeared through the door, most likely on their way to an inside unit.
My problem became one of finding out where it was and what it might contain.
While I was trying to figure out how I’d accomplish that, I realized I needed to return to Bobbie's place. It dawned on me that Bobbie just might be sitting inside Terry's lookout house across the street. If that turned out to be true, I'd slap myself for being so stupid as to not consider it in the first place. Besides, the house would be a lot easier to get into than an unknown storage building.


I stepped out of Bobbie’s place looking like I was taking a nighttime stroll. I angled across the street and ducked into Terry’s back yard. I tried the door. It opened without a struggle. The place had to be abandoned. Bobbie couldn't possibly be inside.
I took a chance, flipped on the lights, and wandered from room to room. There was no sign of her. I closed and locked the door and crossed the street. I leaned back on the sofa kindly provided by Mr. and Mrs. Dawson and closed my eyes. In no time I was slumped over and dreaming of lakes and forests and chopping wood.
Bobbie wasn’t a part of the dream.


There was no sense trying to figure out what Bobbie was becoming to me. It was an impossibility. I only knew I cared for her too much to leave her out in the cold.
Her kidnapping had to mean that she'd become too close when we took a look at the border parking lot. Now that we knew who was involved, it had to be a straight shot to locating her brother.
The problem was, I had absolutely no idea where to start. And now with both Bobbie and her brother missing, I was in the midst of double trouble. My feelings for her made it all the more urgent that I find a solution. I made my way to the Dawson living room and the view across the road.
Every room in the downstairs was lit up like a bowling alley. I was certain I turned out the lights when I left. I tucked my automatic into my belt and strapped on the knives. Being prepared was something I believed in long before I got myself into whatever I was into with Bobbie.
I put on my best smile, knocked on the door, and waited. I knocked again. The woman who opened it was gorgeous. Dark-skinned, with black hair. Mexican by the look of it. I blinked, stuttered, and introduced myself.
—I'm a friend of Bobbie's from across the street. Have you seen her around recently?
Lame-ass, probably, but it seemed to work. The woman smiled and opened the door wide. I managed to get a quick look. Everything appeared to be as I left it.
—If you're staying at her place, why don't you know where she is?
She had me there. She must have been watching, too.
—We had a fight and she stomped off into the night. I thought—
—Welcome to my world. I've been keeping an eye on this place waiting for my ex to leave. By the look of it, he's gone. Thank goodness.
—Yeah. Well, if Bobbie should show up—
—I'll let you know.
She closed the door in my face. Before I made it to the end of the walkway, the door opened again.
—Why don't you come in? Maybe we can help each other.
Since waterboarding her partner out of town, I didn't think so, but why not? I might learn something.
—Where did your ex take off for?
—I don't know and I don't care. Now then, let's talk about you.
The handgun leveled at my chest was an eight-shot hammerless. It was used mostly for close-in, quiet work. As in putting one in the back of a head, up close and personal. The single shot would be quickly followed by a second to reinforce the first. I didn't like it in the slightest, especially if it was going to be my head in the close-up part of personal.
If she wanted me in there, she'd have to drag me. I kept to the doorway, unsure of what might wait inside besides two in the back of the head.


I was out of options. My eyes were riveted to the hand holding the pistol. I eased past her, careful not to make any sudden moves. That this woman knew I was across the street said she had at least one dog in the race.
—You go first.
I thought I'd get an argument from the woman. Instead, she confirmed something for me. Ray wasn’t only missing. He had been killed. Mexican style. Cut up and parted out to places unknown. There was no doubt. The woman witnessed it. I couldn't be sure she wasn't lying, but for now, I took her at her word.
—What about Bobbie?
—We're still looking for her.
The glance she gave me said something else. Still looking? Just who was this woman?
—So then, the cartel hasn't found the drugs yet. Do they think Bobbie has them?
It was a gamble, but I had just shot my wad. If she took me at face value, maybe she'd think I knew more than she did. Maybe she'd hand me something on a platter. Hell, I'd take anything right about now.
I threw one last line out of my sinking boat.
—What about those two border guards? They're in this up to their necks.
The woman's eyes widened for an instant and there it was. I had something. I was certain. But what? I threw out another morsel for luck. It couldn’t hurt.
—They've got a storage unit over by the puente viejo. The old bridge.
I held out hope. The woman didn't know where Bobbie was. Maybe she'd run off, thinking she could do better on her own. And maybe she could. But if Bobbie was about taking on a cartel all by her lonesome, she was in for an education that she wasn't prepared to get.
—Will you take us there?
Us? So now we were a team. I considered for an instant—not long enough to think it through, but at this point, I didn't care and I didn’t have time. I was desperate to find Bobbie.
—We'll go in my car.
But not right away. I headed down the alley behind Bobbie's place and drove straight to the old safe house. It wasn't hard to talk the sicario into backing me up. She had the gun.
I kicked the door open. Nothing. It was abandoned. I did a desultory rummage through a couple of cabinets and came up empty-handed.
—Your car is the drug car. The one from which the drugs were taken.
For sure someone in the know had filled the woman in. If she knew everything, then Ray had escaped with a boatload of coke. No wonder he'd been parted out so fast upon his discovery. The cartel had to send a message. Part two of the message was family next. I hoped I would be able to do something about that—if it wasn’t too late.
I pleaded ignorance and let her go on.
—Ray was an amateur as a smuggler. He only wanted to make money and then quit. He was an amateur as a thief, too. He approached his two border-guard friends about doing one run and then cashing in. Unfortunately for Ray, the guards are on our payroll.
So that was it. Simple yet effective. They were greedy bastards to boot. And I was proved right. They kept an eye on the product when it crossed the river. Ray hadn't known that. So maybe Ray wasn't the drug thief after all. Maybe it was the guards who used Ray to throw off suspicion.
I pulled into the storage unit lot and together we made for the tiny office. The woman said something in rapid-fire Spanish I couldn't understand. She caught the key the attendant tossed her way. We headed down a dimly lit corridor. I wanted to bring up the rear. She wouldn't allow it.
We stopped at the door and she handed me the key. I wasn’t prepared for what I saw next.
—Jim. You found me.
The voice was the last thing I heard. The stars came out and the pain started as I collapsed in a heap on the cement floor. Before my eyes closed for good I recognized a tub full of water and a bench seat. It wasn't rocket science to know what had been going on in my absence. Now that I was present and accounted for, I'd probably get the same treatment.
I came to tied to a chair. A sliver of light coming through a crack in the cheap siding revealed Bobbie in the same situation. Wet leather bindings. They would shrink and tighten as the leather dried. It could be a long, slow torture if it ended up around a neck. I tried moving mine and couldn't.
—Is she gone?
—As soon as she tied you. Where have you been?
—Looking for you. Mostly.
—Mostly? I'm not a priority in your life any more?
—Pretty much. In between looking for your brother I kept an eye out.
She struggled in her chair.
—You bastard. I knew I should never have slept with you.
—Oh, I don't know. Do you have any sisters?
—What? No. Sisters? What the hell? I already told you that.
—Then you're probably good. You'll live a long time if you end up spending any more of it with me.
Maybe in a cabin in the woods. If we were both lucky and got the hell out of here, that is.
—I don't mean to change the subject, but can you wiggle your ass over to that tub of water? We need to tip it over.
We did better than that. My chair tipped in. Bobbie screamed. Somehow, I ended up on my back, submerged in five inches of water. That was all right, though. As long as I didn't open my mouth, I could keep my nose where it needed to be.
That didn't stop Bobbie. She kept right on calling me every name in the book. With my ears below the waterline, I could only pick out the occasional word. She had to be happy I couldn't talk back.
I struggled to work at my hands and wrists submerged in the water. I twisted and turned at the leather bindings. I managed to work a hand free. Numb and weak, my fingers went to work on the knots keeping my ankles bound to the chair.
In the dark I went to work on Bobbie and had her free in minutes.
—Are you happy now? You can slug me if you want.
She drove a good one into my shoulder.
—That's for taking so long to find me. And if you hadn't been listening to me while you were in that tub, I'd give you one for the other shoulder.
I flicked on the light and she let me have it with another one for good measure.
—That's for the silly grin on your face. Now let's get out of this bachelor suite.
I chose not to let Bobbie know her brother had most likely been killed in the room we'd just escaped. I couldn't help the sin of omission. I wanted to let her keep a measure of hope, at least for now.
—Wait here. I'll be right back.
—Not a chance, cowboy. I go where you go.
I cajoled the car keys from the desk man and three of us marched to the room we just vacated.
—It'll only be for a little while, friend. I'm sure one of your many compadres will be along shortly to let you out. In the meantime, there's plenty of water if you get dehydrated.
I grabbed Bobbie's arm, pulled her out of the room, and locked the door.
—We can't leave him in there. What if nobody comes?
I gave her the evil eye. She gave it back just as hard.
—Look. We could still be in there. As it is now, we're out here. Doesn't that make you even a little happy? Don't thank me right away. Think about it for a bit first.
I thought her look softened just a little.
—Well—
—All right then. Now come on. We don't have all day.
We suited up in the lobby with the handgun I discovered beneath the front desk. I offered Bobbie the baseball bat. She declined. In any case, we were ready for bear.
All we had to do was find one.




NINETEEN


Bobbie


I DIDN’T REALIZE it, but I wasn't thinking about anything but Ray. He was all I cared about. He just had to be alive. It never occurred to me that Jim could be lying. Why would he?
Sure I was upset about locking the manager in the storage unit. What if no one else knew? What if no one came back? Jim didn’t appear all that concerned.
And then I remembered. Jim hadn't started on his own mission to find the killers of the women that had been taken from him. Perhaps that was why. I'd not given him a chance. Or a choice. Instead, I had coerced him into helping me.
That he might see me as dragging him down only made me feel worse about stealing his time. If I had it to do all over again, would I do it the same way? Probably. It was about my brother. I was selfish that way. If we found Ray, I’d be able to dedicate time to Jim’s search. But not before.
I turned down the baseball bat he offered after a search of the office for weapons.
—I'm clumsy that way.
As usual, he ignored me and we got in the car. The bat ended up in the back seat.


It was past due. A long time past due.
—We need to talk, Bobbie.
She waited, an expectant look on her face. I didn’t want to do this. Her reaction wouldn't be good. In fact, I feared it might jeopardize everything.
—It's about Ray.
I steeled myself for what I had to tell her. I couldn’t keep it from her any longer.
—What about him? Did you find him? Where is he?
I couldn't bring myself to look her in the eye. I think she probably knew why. It still wouldn't be easy.
—They found him, didn't they? 
I nodded. I still couldn't bring myself to look at her.
—Is he dead?
I said it anyway.
—Yes. Ray is dead.
Who was I trying to convince?
—Do you know where he is?
—No. Are you sure you want to find out?
Bobbie didn't hesitate.
—Yes.
But did she really? Even while I was crawling through a lime pit in Mexico filled with bodies, I prayed I would never have to see anything like it again. And I didn't want Bobbie to experience anything like it. I cared too much for her.
—One more thing. Your parents can't come home until you let them know it's safe. Did you tell them?
—Not directly. Should I?
—Yes. There's a sicario—
—A sicario?
—A hit man. A woman in this case. She's holed up across the street in Terry's house. Waiting. She told me Terry was her husband. That he'd taken a trip. By the sound of that, I'd say he's dead, too.
—We need to find Ray's two friends. Maybe they know something.
—Bobbie-
I hesitated. This was becoming more difficult the longer it went on.
—They're part of it, too. The sicario—the woman who brought me to join you in the storage unit—told me about them.
She sighed. I thought she was going to cry. Instead, she asked me for a knife.
—I thought you didn't want one.
—I changed my mind.
We backtracked to the motel. She tucked the knife into the small of her back, just as Kara had done so many times. She pulled her shirt out to cover it.
—The sicario keeping an eye on your place has to know more than she admitted. I'll start with her. That we escaped her jail cell should be worth a surprise or two.
—Then what are we waiting for? Let's go.
—You're not going. You'll be busy convincing your parents to stay away.
—Like hell. Take me or we're done.
Bobbie's steely-eyed glare said I'd better pay attention.
—All right, but you need to know—
—I don't need to know anything. I've got it figured out. Are we going, or do I have to do it alone?
I knew she was bluffing, but hell, she was doing a good job of it.
Bobbie went in through the back of Terry’s house. I picked the front, just because. I should have known better. It took me two kicks before Bobbie swung the door wide from the inside.
—You need a stronger leg.
—Where is she?
—While you were leaning on the door making all the noise, I came up behind her and cold-cocked her. One punch.
Now I knew why my shoulders were black and blue. My eyes wandered around the room.
—Don't worry. I used duct tape. She's sleeping it off in the kitchen.
—Did you search her?
Bobbie beat me to the kitchen. Her sparring partner on the floor was cutting at the tape on her ankles with a small knife. Blood streamed from her nose. Her shirt was ripped open. She looked up and Bobbie dispatched her for the second time with a rap on the head. The woman slithered on the floor before going into a deep sleep.
—First thing you do is search. Where's her hardware?
—I'm sorry. I'll know for next time. Hardware?
—Firearms. Hand grenades. Knives. AKs. Anything.
—Her phone's over there. I don't know about the rest of it.
—Then go look.
There was no way I wanted this one to get away.
—I'll keep an eye on our prize.
Metal scraped as Bobbie rounded up the firearms in a blanket.
—Way to go, girl. Now load all of it into the car.
I handed over the keys.
—Who'll be your slave when I leave you?
—Oh, I'm sure I'll find someone.
More evil eye came my way.
—Fine.
She gathered an armload of weaponry and carted it out the back door to the alley. I found a duffel and stuffed it with the rest.
—All right. We're done. How do you want to work this?
—What do you mean?
Our prisoner moaned and began a weak struggle.
—Who's driving? Who'll be keeping an eye on little miss muffin?
Bobbie kicked the woman unconscious and used the opportunity to wrap her in more tape.
—I guess that answers that.
She picked up the woman's feet and dragged her out the back door. The sicario’s head sounded like an out of control watermelon rolling down the concrete steps.
—Keep her alive, will you? We need her for a bit longer.
I went back inside, searching. I located a cooler and filled it with water. I added a towel and hauled it to the car. Bobbie’s head shook in disbelief.
—You raided the place for beer?
—Sort of.




TWENTY


Bobbie


IT WAS STARTING to dawn on me that I didn't know anything. Jim wasn't talking. This woman—this sicario—the cause of it all, wasn't talking. She was occupied in the kitchen, trying to get out of my tape job.
Recognizing that I was clueless about whatever the hell we were doing, I stood over her. I kicked and then gave her another one to be sure. The tape came off the roll with a tearing sound. I wrapped her in more and prepared to drag her out to the car. She was sure to stay silent and secure now.
Jim wanted me to collect the woman's weapons. I didn't know she’d have more than one or two. It shocked me when I collected an armload. I had no idea.
I palmed the phone and slipped it into my pocket.
I picked up our prisoner’s feet and struggled to drag her out the door to the car. Jim was no help until her head started to bounce on the steps. All he had to offer was an admonition not to kill her.
When he finally came out of the house carting a heavy cooler, I didn't know what to think.
Why would he want to bring beer?


To our advantage, dos amigos from the border patrol appeared to be still missing from the storage building’s small office. We had the clerk tucked away. Together we dragged the sicario out of the car and into the empty office. I flipped the switch to light up the long hallway.
I left Bobbie to return to the car for the bag of weapons. I took another trip to retrieve the cooler. I locked the office door and hung out the closed sign. Unless someone had a key, we would be alone.
Bobbie yanked the tape from the sicario's mouth. The woman didn't appear happy at the prospect of being within the same tin walls and ceiling where she had left us to rot. Perhaps she could take comfort from the presence of her amigo, still alive, on the floor.
—He was talking to her in Spanish so I cold-cocked him and taped his mouth.
—So he's not dead?
—Not yet.
She pointed at the woman.
—Her name is Yesenia.
—South American.
—I guess.
I looked at her. She stared back, her face cold and blank. She definitely didn't want to be here. There was no doubt.
—Si. Colombia.
Two words so far. Maybe she thought she’d be able to talk her way out of whatever it was she was knee deep in.
—It looks like we've got us a real live Colombian hit-woman, Bobbie.
Bobbie’s duct-tape job kept the woman subdued. Sweat covered what the tape didn’t.
—We need to cut some slack in the tape. I want to sit her in the chair.
Bobbie went to work with the knife, slicing through the tape at the knees and waist. By the time she finished, the woman was turning a deep red in places. It wasn't enough to concern me. A little blood went a long way.
—So. Yesenia. I'm Jim. Your captor is Bobbie. She did one hell of a job, didn't she? Maybe you know her brother.
Yesenia looked at Bobbie and lobbed spit at her feet. Bobbie raised a fist. To say she was pissed would put it mildly. I grabbed her arm and spun her around. Bobbie’s eyes bored into mine.
—Not yet. Soon. I promise.
I dragged the cooler closer and popped the top. Water sloshed.
—Water. I thought you brought beer.
Without hesitating, I dipped the thick towel in the cooler. It came out dripping wet and a lot heavier than when it went in. Yesenia's eyes grew large. She knew what was coming. I squeezed it for effect. Water streamed from the towel and splashed into the cooler.
—Okay. It's time.
I dropped the wet towel over the woman's head. I kept it away from her face.
—Punch her in the gut.
Bobbie drove her a good one. The sicario gasped and I released the towel. It dropped against her face.
—You complained about how I treated Terry. Isn't this more humane? She's nowhere near the water.
—You're not asking any questions.
—Never satisfied, are you?
I pulled the towel off. Yesenia gulped fresh air. I made sure she could see me dunking the towel a second time.
—Punch her again.
Bobbie laid another one into the sicario’s gut. The woman managed to draw two good breaths before I draped the towel over her face.
—You're getting good at this.
I kept the sopping wet towel against Yesenia's face, letting her suffer for a little longer before pulling it off. The results were the same.
—Once more.
We went through the exercise. Yesenia sputtered through the soaked towel.
—No mas. No mas.
—Third time's the charm.
I didn't pull the towel off right away. I wanted the woman to have time to think between her attempts to draw in panicked breaths of air.
—One down, one to go.
I looked over at the storage facility's front-desk jockey, huddled in the corner. He was wide awake now. I think his eyes were even wider. I pointed.
—El siguiente. Number two. Next.
It was all the encouragement the poor soul needed. He began shaking like a man who needed a drink. He started to sing like a long-vanished canary in a coal mine. Yesenia didn't appear to be so happy, but she was in no position to complain. Although she tried. Finally, her threats worked and she cowed the man into silence.
Then it was Bobbie’s turn.
She taped Yesenia's mouth and gave her one in the gut. For good measure, she made sure the woman caught one on the nose, too. Wheezing and twitching, the woman tried to catch her breath through a bloody nose.
The desk jockey didn't know a lot, but his song was good enough. I was happy that I didn't have to apply any pressure. I'm not so sure about Bobbie. I think she wanted him in the dunk tank just because.
I left Bobbie with the prisoners. None of them were in any condition to do any damage. I know, because I checked before I left for the office.
After flipping through a few pages in the registry, I headed back. I wanted to ask Bobbie if she recognized any of them. I wasn't gone long. In fact, I remember looking at the clock on the office wall.
By the time I returned to the storage room, it was too late.




TWENTY-ONE


Bobbie


I THOUGHT I’D help Jim out while he went to the office. It wasn’t anything more than that, I swear. At least, that’s what I wanted to believe. It’s what I ended up telling myself.
I wanted to speed up the process so we could get out in a hurry if we had to. I dragged the cooler in front of Yesenia. She offered no resistance. She couldn’t. She was taped. I forced her head into the water-filled cooler.
There was a noise. The desk clerk, maybe. Or Jim’s steps, echoing off the tin walls as he walked away. Wondering if he would come back.
I remember saying something to the man on the floor. The desk jockey. Shut up, I said, or be quiet. Maybe I kicked him. Or all three. I couldn’t remember.
By the time I turned back to Yesenia, it was too late. I didn't do it on purpose. I swear. At least I didn’t think I did.
Jim wasn't so happy. Or so convinced when he returned with the register. He wanted to show me the names, thinking I’d be able to recognize if the unit belonged to any of Ray’s friends. If we could tie them to the unit, it would go a long way to setting them up for a fall. And just maybe we could find out about my brother by threatening them with being revealed as drug dealers.
—Jesus, Bobbie. I leave you alone for five minutes and you end up missing, kidnapped, or you kill someone.
He certainly had a way with words. It was making me feel even more shitty.
—I pulled her head up. I swear I did. I didn’t want her to drown. It wasn’t on purpose. I wanted to find out if she knew anything about my brother. I looked away for a minute. Maybe two at the most.
Okay, so maybe five. I wasn’t counting.
I would deal with Jim later. That, and probably a lot more I knew nothing about.


I opened the door to the unit. Bobbie froze in mid-step and stared at me, wild-eyed. She buried her face in her hands and bowed her head and sobbed when she could fit it between the shaking. I couldn’t have been gone more than a few minutes, yet Bobbie was in a state of near panic. Yesenia was on her knees, bent over the cooler.
—Jesus, Bobbie. What the hell did you do?
Yesenia’s head was face-down in the cooler. Bobbie looked crazed. She paced, back and forth, from one wall to the other. Hyperventilating. Sobbing.
—What does it look like? I asked her if she killed my brother.
So she didn't believe me when I gave her the same news.
—Why didn't you pull her head out of it? You didn't have to leave her like that. Jesus.
—Yes I did. I asked. She couldn't wait to tell me.
So now she had the truth about her brother from the person who'd killed him. She wasn’t handling it so well.
—And I couldn't wait to make her pay. In fact, I made her pay and pay and pay.
Yesenia wasn't moving. She had paid, all right. I pulled her head up. I already knew there was nothing to be done.
—What are you going to do about desk-boy over there?
He groaned and twitched.
—I made sure I didn't have a witness. I cold-cocked him.
We were deep in the shit now. A dead sicario would be replaced by a team of two, or even four. Bobbie had no idea. Could I blame her? I was hell-bent on my search for the killers of my unborn child and two wives.
Still, where would we go from here? Would she still want to help me with my search? Or would she disappear by hitchhiking to nowhere on a lonely road?
—I'm not done yet, Jim.
The determined look that crossed her face spelled trouble in all caps.
—The son of a bitch that put me up to this is going to pay, too.
Sailboat guy. I didn't tell her I'd once owned a sailboat. Hell, I couldn't even swim. She wouldn't believe me anyway.
—How do you intend to track him down?
If sailboat guy was the one who put the sicario on her brother—
And if he had ears on the ground and—
He'd be finding out soon enough something was up. Would he still be waiting for Bobbie? Or would he be searching for her, intent on eliminating her?
—You need to tell me about him, Bobbie. What were you thinking?
—I was thinking like you before I even met you. I wanted to find out what happened to my brother. Now I know.
—But are you sure?
I knew I had to be sure.
—Remember when you showed me Terry's phone with that text message?
I did, but it didn't seem important at the time.
—I recognized the number. It was the same number programmed into the phone I had. Until you forced me to toss it.
So she was being tracked. That's why we were followed after I picked her up at the gas bar. It didn't explain why we were attacked on that same road.
—We have to get out of here. Right now. We're ditching the car, too.
I already knew she'd be heading north to her friend's boat.
—It's a red flag that those two border guards could use against us. If we have to go through one of those extended checkpoints that the government has so proudly allowed sixty miles inland from the border, we're in even more shit.
—So what are we going to do with the guy in the corner?
—For starters, we're not going to kill him. We might be home free on the sicario. Fake travel documents and all, she'll never be traced or identified.
Her hands went to her hips, still shaking and exasperated.
—Look. You've grown up a lot in the past two days. Too much, if I know a thing or two. It hasn't set in yet, but you're going to collapse. It's only a matter of time. And you can damned well trust me on that.
The look of sorrow that crossed her face disheartened me even more.
—So that's one reason we're not killing him.
—Fine. What are we going to do?
—We're getting out of Dodge. We need a new car. What do you say to cruising the parking lot at the border and looking for keys?
We ditched our car. I let her do the search. She came up with a brand new sports car. I transferred the bags to the small trunk.
—What the hell took you so long?
—I wanted air.
—Woman, you're going to be the death of me yet.
—I hope not. I was just thinking of changing into something light and frivolous to show off for you. Pull over.
We weren't even a mile from the puente viejo. Crazy is as crazy does. I did as I was told. She jumped out of the confines of the small car, changed by the side of the road, and got back in.
She lifted the skirt to her thighs and smoothed it.
—There. This ought to take the collective minds of the border patrol off of anything that matters.
She was right, too. The tops of Bobbie's perky breasts peeked out from a sheer blouse. Not to mention what her nipples were doing. I grinned and shook my head. She did what only a woman could do. She grinned right back, not shy in the slightest.
—Are you happy?
—Yes. For now.
—Typical man.
Drive, she said. So I drove.
We stopped for the checkpoint. Leering eyes of the green-clad male leaning in through the window distracted him from anything beyond a cursory question. He waved us through. In the mirror his female partner's lips moved furiously, wasting her breath to give him shit.
—Told ya. Nothing to it.




TWENTY-TWO


Bobbie


IT CAME ON suddenly, like the flu, maybe. Or like I'd eaten something bad. The one time I needed a window down and almost didn't make it. I jumped up on the seat on my knees and hung out the window before throwing up, and then I threw up again.
Jim pulled over to the side of the road, all concerned, like he cared. He probably thought I was pregnant, except we hadn't been together long enough for that part of it. Maybe in a month.
I gagged and coughed and spit and heaved until I had nothing left to give up. He moved the car forward a bit and got out. He walked over to my side.
—I was wondering when it would happen.
I dry heaved, just because I couldn't stop. A long string of saliva hung out of my open mouth. He poured water on a t-shirt, bent down, and gently wiped my face.
—Shit. That's one of my good shirts.
Why was I concerned about a cheap shirt? It didn’t seem all that important. Then I remembered what he said.
—When what would happen?
I heaved one more time for good measure. I sucked for air and breathed in, again and again, panting almost.
—It’s your delayed reaction to what happened back in the storage shed.
I looked up at him. I guessed he looked concerned. He was certainly anxious.
—Don't stop breathing. Keep them deep.
He handed me the bottle. I rinsed and spit and rinsed again. I chugged the water and gagged again. Somehow I managed not to throw up through hiccuping. I kept the water down, too.
—It was an accident. I didn't mean for anything to happen to her. I got distracted and I never noticed—
—I believe you, Bobbie. It's normal.
I looked at the man like he was crazy.
—Normal?
—Yeah. It's normal. The reaction, I mean. That's what's normal.
—Well thank goodness for that. How would I sleep at night otherwise?
His look changed instantly to one of concern.
—You're going to have problems. I can guarantee that. Fortunately—
I interrupted him again.
—Fortunately? What's fortunate about it?
A hand went over my mouth, forcing me to shut up. I couldn’t breathe. I choked and almost gagged before he pulled away.
—I was going to say that it's fortunate that you have me to comfort you and explain how it's going to go. Eventually, you'll dream and scream and wake up and dream again and wake up again. In a cold sweat. In a warm sweat. In the summer. In the winter. To say you're going to need some counseling would be an understatement.
Oh great.
—How's it going to go when I admit to a psychiatrist that I murdered someone?
—If I have anything to do with it, you won't have to. It could be a car accident, or someone falls off a balcony while you were there. You'll figure it out.
Or I could just ignore it all.
—The one thing you can't do is ignore it.
There went that idea.
I got out of the car and walked, swigging water and spitting bile. When I was satisfied I was done throwing up, I got in. I left the window down, just in case.
—I hope you know that I'm worried about you.
Yeah. I was worried, too. What the hell was happening to me?


Bobbie reached for the mirror. She checked her reflection and adjusted her hair. Her fingertips traced the outline of the dark circles beneath her eyes. To say I was worried about her would be an understatement. Now that the delayed reaction was over, it would continue to be a struggle for her going forward. And like a woman, she went for the makeup to cover her pale face and the dark circles.
—Damn the wind and the heat and the humidity.
She rustled through her bag, took another look in the mirror, and put it all back. Hell, to my thinking, she didn't need makeup. Ever. So I had to open my big mouth.
—All you need is a little lip gloss.
For my trouble, I got the look that women hand out when they think they have all the answers. And then she must have changed her mind. She went back to work with the makeup. I went back to paying attention to the road.
I also went back to worrying about the woman. She'd puked her guts up, but it was only a symptom of what would be coming. When we stopped, I'd try again to explain it all. Would she listen?
PTSD. Bobbie was no killer. She knew what happened in the storage unit was an accident. So did I. Unfortunately, it didn’t mean she wouldn’t continue to be affected by it. I could do all the talking in the world, but it wouldn’t help her. She had to help herself.
Would she? I hoped so, but only time would tell.




TWENTY-THREE


Bobbie


I LOOKED ACROSS at Jim. There was no way in hell he would want anything to do with me now. How could he? I had been responsible for a death. Yes, the woman was a killer. Yes, she'd been sent to find and kill my brother, Ray. And yes, she had been working up an appetite to kill Jim, too, and maybe even me.
So what was the big deal about it?
All right, maybe I should have been paying more attention in the storage unit. Maybe Jim shouldn't have brought the cooler of water. I knew what he was planning. I should have put a stop to it.
Did I really believe he was bringing a cooler full of beer with us? For real? Sure, he put Terry through the shower in the apartment above our garage. But I had walked away then, too.
I couldn't put any of the blame on Jim. Could I? I'd been the one who had stopped paying attention in the storage unit. And someone died. How could I possibly live that down in Jim's eyes? He had to be disgusted with my lack of attention. It had ended in death. And it was all my fault because I wasn't up to the task.
How would I ever live it down? I loved Jim, but there was no justification for what I let happen to that woman. It was all on me. All of it.
And now I would have to live with it.
I pretended I had to go to the bathroom. I asked him to pull over in a rest area and made for the facilities. I pulled out the phone I pocketed at Terry’s place. I flipped it open and knew right away it belonged to Yesenia, the sicario.
I punched the button and waited. It went to voicemail.
—Kennedy. I’m coming for you. And I’m bringing help.
Hesitating, only for a moment. Wondering. And then, finally, knowing.
—I’m going to kill you. I’m going to kill anyone associated with you. I’m going to kill your wife. I'm going to kill your children. I’m going to kill your pets. When I’m done killing, I’m going to burn down your house and everything in it.
I hung up and tossed the phone into the shitter. No doubt it would end up wherever shit ended up, downhill and far from where it was launched.
I wanted Jim to be proud of me. I didn’t tell him what I did, but still—
Satisfied, I settled back in the seat. Put my feet up on the dash. Tried not to think any more. I flipped on the radio, dialed up some rock and roll, and cranked up the volume.
It didn't do any good. Trying was not doing, and my brain was still going a mile a minute, filled with disgust and disappointment for being so naive that I thought I'd be able to find and rescue my brother on my own.
I needed Jim. He didn't need me. And he sure didn't need a wild card that he couldn't depend on or control. The sooner I got myself away from everything, the sooner he could get back to solving his problems.
I said a silent prayer. I already knew it wouldn't do any good.
And what the hell were the blinking lights behind us?


Bobbie’s gaze went from the side mirror to me and back.
—It looks like la migra is on our tail. You better let them pass.
I slowed and eased onto the shoulder of the narrow two-lane highway while I stuck an arm out and waved them past. The green and white jimmy slowed and stayed even with us. An arm hung out the open window. An automatic leveled a big, round muzzle in my direction. My eyes went just as big.
I didn't need to be told twice. I slowed and stopped on the side of the road and turned to Bobbie.
—The bastards were too lazy to use the siren. It's like they wanted to make it look like we were running.
She turned to look and recognized the men.
—It's Ray’s two border guard friends.
Weapons drawn, the duo rushed the passenger door in a noisy scramble of boots on pavement. The door opened and two pairs of hands yanked Bobbie out. They dragged her, kicking and punching, towards the jimmy. She fought hard, swinging, kicking, yelling, to no avail. She ended up dumped in the back.
Two gunshots and two flat tires later, I was left to rot on the side of the road. Stranded and without water, I rummaged through the trunk and dumped Bobbie's bag. I hastily threw her clothes in with mine. I figured on an AK and a couple of mags for backup to go along with my automatic and the knives. Better safe than sorry.
I waited in heat and humidity and scorching sun beating down. No one stopped. It was an hour. And then another. A passing bus heeded my thumb and growled to a halt. The door hissed open. I shouldered the bag and climbed aboard. The bus took off and I shuffled unsteadily to the empty back.
I settled in for the long haul in the noisy, hot, and dusty bus. The humid air had so many smells I was almost afraid to inhale. I stayed with my bag rather than take a chance on carrying it into the coffee shops during stops.
As we got farther north I approached the driver and made inquiries about getting back to Diamondhead.
—You change buses in Houston. It's a regular stop. Just been added if I remember right. You can check at the counter.
Nice. I was about to retrace my steps. If only I'd taken Bobbie back to the sailboat when I learned about it, we might have made more progress.
Would she be there? Were the two border guards so stupid that they thought they could confront her by returning the woman to her tormentor? Was it Kennedy?
Was he the man in charge of the whole thing?
I had no idea. I only knew one thing.
I needed a drink. Bobbie was going to have to wait.
In Houston, I checked into a motel on the seedy side of the strip. I strolled across the street to the liquor store and rescued a bottle of Crown Royal. If I was going to drown my sorrows, I wanted to be sure my sorrows enjoyed the best.
Alone in the room, missing Bobbie, I unloaded the duffel of its contents and went through everything. Bobbie's clothes went back in, neatly folded in the plastic bags I picked up at the liquor store. I discovered she still had one colorful, filmy skirt that she hadn't worn yet. I hoped I'd see her in it soon enough.
At this point, I wasn’t counting on it.
By the time I got to the rest of it, I was exhausted, physically and mentally. I rinsed a glass and polished it with a thin, gray towel laundered too many times. I filled it with three fingers of rye and leaned back against the pillow.
A million thoughts circulated through my head. Most were about Bobbie. Could I find her? How? Would she be at the marina in Diamondhead? Why would the border guards have kidnapped her in the first place? Did they suspect her of having the drugs? If she did, was finding her brother only a ruse until she could make good her escape? Was she in a partnership with the guards?
Or maybe she was partnered up with her brother.


My eyes opened to focus on the glass parked on the night table. Three fingers of whiskey stared back. That had to be a good start to the day. I jumped out of bed and placed a gray towel on the table, where I field-stripped the firearms I'd accumulated. I left the AK for last. I promptly pinched my thumb on that damned receiver button. Obviously, I hadn't been doing it often enough—which was probably a good thing.
I reassembled it and I was good to go. I stepped out into the early morning’s cool, humid air. It would turn to hot and humid by noon, but I'd be out of here by then and well on the way to Diamondhead. I closed the door behind me, shouldered the bag, and headed out on foot.
An ambulance screamed by on its way to a hospital. I watched it slow and turn several blocks down. By the time I caught up, I knew where I’d find my new truck. I cruised the lot, on the lookout for unlocked doors and keys stashed behind visors or floor mats.
By the time I pulled out of the lot, the sun was over the horizon, and I was the proud possessor of a two-and-a-half door truck built in the late '90s. I squinted into the sun until I hit the east end of Houston and a gas 'n' go for a bag of burritos and two pairs of sunglasses. I added a couple of ball caps and dark gray hoodies for good measure.
Steady driving would get me to Diamondhead in an easy eight or so.
I had a look in the truck for a GPS and came up with an older model stashed in the jockey box. The charge looked to be good. I pinched and trolled until I spied Diamondhead, about four hundred miles away. Satisfied, I reached into the bag and attacked a still-hot burrito. It was the most I'd eaten in a while.
A couple of hours in, my stomach began rocking and rolling. I pulled over and purged and rinsed with water. I splashed some on my face for good luck and climbed back in. I one-handed the paper bag over the side onto a breakwater. Fish food at high tide.
As much as I wanted to push it, the speed limit whispered my name. I was in a stolen truck. I wanted to lessen the odds as best I could. Mostly I kept to a couple over and I must have been a good boy. No cops. No roadblocks.
My guts settled down and I was looking forward to recognizing the green and white sign calling out Diamondhead. It appeared, finally, and I left the off-ramp and exited right onto a road headed to a yacht club. I did another right from a roundabout and found myself driving towards a small airport.
A private jet appeared through the trees on the tarmac. A cartel plane, maybe. Whoever owned it had to be a cheap bastard. It looked like you couldn't stand tall and upright in it.
I doubled back. On the way I eyeballed the harbor. It was small. Plenty of vacant trailer pads. A couple of parked cars. But no sloop. The yacht club parking lot had a few cars. I figured on scoping out the place from the inside.
I turned back to the deserted mini-mall. A small gas bar at one end was all it had to offer. I parked the truck out of sight and stashed the keys for an out, just in case. I pulled a blanket over the duffel in the back seat after donning a fresh button shirt.
I humped it to a sign at the yacht club pointing to a restaurant. I wouldn’t look the part of a moneyed member, but I might buy enough time to learn something. No way in hell did I want to storm grandma and grandpa’s pride and joy with an AK in one hand and a bag of burritos in the other.
By the time I got around to looking, the yacht, if it had ever been there, was gone.


It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the bar’s subdued lighting. When they did, sunlight reflecting through a huge expanse of glass overlooking the wharf and the water blinded me again. A handful of customers occupied tables. Rivers of water from icy drinks dribbled onto tabletops. The bar was disturbingly unpopular with so few customers.
It was disturbing because the woman behind the bar was a real looker. Long and leggy, with a skirt that had to be spray-painted on before she left for work. I paid attention to the eye-pleasing sway as lengthy legs and a quick stride caused her high-heel sandals to clickety-clack across the tile floor on the way to a table.
On her way back, she caught me looking. An inviting smile looked back. Breasts threatened to break free of buttons keeping them behind her blouse. Behind the bar, she turned with another willing smile and looked across the room with a come hither look. I took a look at her clientele and knew right off not a one was under seventy.
She came hither instead, smiling like there was no tomorrow.
—What'll it be, sailor?
I grinned like a kid in a candy store. It was all I could do to wait until she looked away so I could get a better look at the goods. She must have known, because she didn’t look away.
—I'll have a sweaty Sol.
She nodded, and the torture was over. She bent to retrieve one from the cooler. I leaned to better my view. There were no lines beneath the tight blue skirt that I could discern. She slammed my beer down on top of the bar and popped the top. Foam ran over her hand and down the bottle. A measured shove sent it in my direction.
—Would you like anything else with that?
I looked just long enough to read the woman’s name tag. It was a perfect excuse to check out her breasts now that they were closer. I didn’t expect she was fooled by the old trick. She looked too experienced for that.
—How about a little conversation, Diana?
She looked over the almost empty room.
—I’ll be back in a minute. Don’t go away.
Fat chance. She strode off purposefully, rolling her hips with each measured step. She had to know I was looking. She circulated around the tables, filling a tray with half a dozen empty glasses and bottles while collecting the cash.
The woman wasted no time getting back to the bar. She deposited her tray and took a seat beside mine. She made sure I was looking before crossing long, shapely legs. She swiveled back and forth on the bar stool, hitting my shin with a rhythmic foot. She took her time uncrossing her legs for effect.
I took a quick glance in the appropriate direction. It seemed to please her. It surely pleased me.
—Are you comfortable now?
—I am. Are you?
She did it again for good measure. Damn but she had some legs. I was almost forced to forget why I was in the place.
I took a swig of the Sol, and then another. I drained it and she went behind the bar and returned with another. This time, her legs stayed put, but I didn't mind. I already had my look, and she knew it.
—I was wondering about a sloop that might have been parked next to one of the pads. The one where the cars are parked.
—I remember it. They untied late in the morning.
—Today?
—Yes. I think I overheard them talking. They were expecting another crew member to arrive at some point. Would that be you?
I took my cue.
—It is. I hope I haven’t missed out.
—They’ll be back first thing tomorrow, if I recall. You can probably sign on then. Have you got a room somewhere?
At that exact moment, three men walked through the door. They scoped out the room, eyes hesitating when they caught sight of Diana. Or maybe they were on the lookout for me. I couldn’t be sure, given how I’d been drawn to the woman as they must have been.
—Excuse me. Customers.
She smiled and stood up. Both breasts brushed my arm just long enough to let me know it was no accident. Perhaps I had a place to stay after all.
—Don’t go away.
Diana smiled, and I didn’t go away. She halted at the table with the new customers. Lips moved, but with the air conditioner humming in the background I couldn’t make out a word. Three pairs of eyes looked me over. I swiveled on the barstool and concentrated on the mirror behind the bar.
I didn’t see Diana until her lips moved against my ear.
—It sounds like they’re looking for you.
Two men grabbed my arms and pinned my hands to the bar. A third drove a fist into a kidney. I squirmed and attempted to topple to the floor. They weren’t having it. An arm went around my neck, tightened, and held me where I was. Two of them propelled me in the door's direction.
I couldn’t put up a fight. I was moving too fast on my feet, and my arms were locked behind me. Once outside, one locked arms while the other two rained down blows hard enough to put me on the ground. Boots kicked, connected to bone, and withdrew.
Car doors slammed and tires pealed on asphalt as the threesome departed in a hurry. Dazed from the beating, I allowed a sympathetic Diana to help me up. I leaned into her and steadied myself against a wall.
—You’re a mess.
I leaned a little too hard, almost taking her to the ground.
—Help me get you to my car.
I let her lead me. She opened the back door before checking her phone.
—I’ll be off in half an hour if you can wait.
—I don’t think I have a choice.
She surrounded me with an arm and I leaned against her on the way to the back seat. She eased me down and I groaned.
—You should see the other guy.
—Yeah. I was there, remember? You didn’t get in a single blow.
—Next time. Be there or be square.
I think Diana chuckled before rolling down the windows and heading across the pavement to the bar. I was so out of it I forgot all about watching the woman walk away.
The last thing I remember was the odd man out. He was the one who offered up the jack stand while I sat on the side of the road with a flat tire. It was the same man Bobbie had been chatting up while I changed the tire.
He had to be Kennedy. Was he the one Terry texted? Was he the man who assaulted Bobbie before sending her out on her mission to recover her brother or the drugs, or both?
Too late. I passed out and only came around when Diana gently shook a shoulder.
—Wake up. We’re home. Five steps and we’re there.
Easy for her to say. She didn’t tell me they were five steps almost straight up. I groaned and let her help me. Her breasts felt just as fine as they did in the bar. I couldn’t avoid them.
I decided I didn’t want to.


Hot water was filling the tub. Diana unbuttoned my shirt, went to her knees, and unfastened my belt. She tugged down my pants. Her eyes hovered before finally looking up.
—Well that’s encouraging. Now get in.
She struggled to pull her shirt past firm breasts, not bothering to unbutton. Her skirt dropped next. Commando. That’s why there was no line.
Diana stepped into the tub, not shy in the slightest. I was unsure where to park my eyes. There were too many possibilities.
She eased down to share the water. She soaked a sponge and squeezed hot water over me. I only groaned and sat back. Her breasts weren’t quite covered by the soapy water. They bobbed and weaved with every motion.
—Nice.
She smiled and reached between my legs.
—You’re not so bad either.
Both hands went to work. She was enthusiastic, to say the least.
—Stand up.
I was already standing up and she knew it. Not wanting to disappoint, I did as I was told. She reached with both of hers, using them to encourage the reaction she seemed to need.
—Even better.
Outside the tub, she helped me dry off before leading me to the bedroom. The rest of her body was a match for the legs that had so enamored me at first. It wasn’t a gentle push that ended up with me flat on my back on the bed.
I groaned anyway, and it wasn’t for effect.
She threw a leg over and without hesitating, guided me between her legs. I settled back for the ride. She hovered, leaned, and I was forced to enjoy hard-tipped breasts pressing against my face. My mouth opened and immediately filled with warm, swollen nipple.
I woke to the smell of breakfast. She forced me to wait when we discovered we hadn’t finished with each other. Long legs surrounded me and she allowed me to become lost in her once more.
—Jim? It’s time. Eat it and beat it. House rules.
Her house, her rules.
Diana didn't bother turning on the lights. Perhaps she didn’t want to encourage either of us any more than she already had.




TWENTY-FOUR


Bobbie


I KNEW THE green and white immigration jimmy was going to be trouble. The grill filled the side mirror. It was on our tail, close. Checking us out, probably. It had to be Ray’s border guard friends.
I warned Jim about it, about who was likely inside, as it continued its pacing. Then it pulled up alongside of us on the two-lane highway. Jim slowed and pulled over, thinking they wanted to pass.
The jimmy slowed and kept even. The handgun out the window was aimed right at him. I screamed, terrified that he was in the line of fire and what might happen if the trigger finger slipped. If the gun went off.
Jim hit the brakes and screeched to a halt. The jimmy halted beside us. He sat still, hands on the steering wheel. I mimicked him and placed mine on the dashboard. The jimmy’s passenger covered him off. The driver got out and walked behind our car. He flung open my door, grabbed me by the hair, and I ended up on the ground. The punch in the gut made sure I didn’t scream a second time.
He dragged me around to the jimmy on my ass. Frightened and off balance, I couldn’t manage to get in a kick or a punch. I managed another weak scream before a fist to the back of my head quieted me a second time.
My attacker must have thought he had me under control. He leaned over and checked the back. His mouth opened and he was about to say something when I took my chance. The back of my head rammed his jaw. His teeth slammed shut with a satisfying clunk. Pissed off as he was, I managed to get in a punch and a kick before he smacked me in the gut with a roundhouse. 
I couldn’t breathe. It was all I could do to stay upright. He made sure my head banged the door when he closed it.
Now I knew for sure that these two friends of my brother were part of Ray’s problem. They had to be. Trapped and scared, I looked for a door handle. Slipping out the opposite door wasn't an option. There was no way out.
Gunshots sealed my fate. Stunned, I crawled to the window, expecting to see Jim on the ground, dead or bleeding out. Bleeding would be the least of it. I raised my head over the door, afraid. Jim wasn’t on the ground. He was standing. I almost cheered. No blood. At least he hadn't been the target. Then I saw the tires and knew. With no way to be chased or followed, I was definitely in more than ankle-deep crap.
Where would I end up? Would Jim find me? Would he have a clue where to begin? Had I told him about Diamondhead and the sailboat when we first met? Was that where I’d end up? I couldn’t remember any of it.
It was a long drive for a couple of former friends to haul someone who threatened their discovery and their drug dealings. Perhaps they thought I knew where the drugs had gotten to. Maybe they knew what happened to my brother.
Or just maybe they thought I had the drugs.
If I could convince them, we could exchange information. I couldn't trust them, but maybe I could bluff them. And I tried. I really did. It didn't do any good. The more I talked, the more they kept silent. Maybe I was telling them too much. I hoped they'd think they were on the verge of being discovered.
Nothing I said got a reaction. I gave up.
I dozed fitfully off and on in the back of the hot, dusty jimmy. I daydreamed of Jim and burritos and the kindness he'd shown me when I first met him. I'd have done anything for a burrito, starved as I was. I woke up shaking my head at the crazy dream. Food and Jim, not necessarily in that order. The man and his favorite road food was on my mind even when my life was being threatened.
Damn him. How could I still be thinking of him after everything that happened? Would he be coming for me now that we were separated? I'd screwed up in the storage unit. He had to think I wasn't worth the effort now I was out of sight. Out of mind.
And I was out of my mind with worry about my fate with these two.
After what seemed like forever in the back of the jimmy in the heat and sticky plastic seats, it slowed. I looked out the window. The bay stared back, stretching out to infinity. They pulled me out of the jimmy and pushed me towards the sloop still tied off on the finger where I deserted it.
They dragged me to the yacht and tossed me below. The hatch slammed shut and I was in complete darkness. Ropes hit the deck. The engine fired up. We were headed somewhere. After about an hour, the engine halted. The anchor rattled and splashed. So maybe we weren't so far offshore.
I curled up on a berth and tried to sleep in the hot, sticky interior.
The sound of a powerboat on a fast approach interrupted my nap time. A boat bumped, and then it tipped as at least two men stepped on board. Voices argued and the hatch slid open. A body bounced down the steps, grunting all the way. The hatch slammed shut and I was in darkness. Even the portholes were covered over.
I stumbled out of the berth, hands outstretched, searching for the table. Someone’s labored breathing kept me alert. Something moved. Whoever had been tossed down the stairs was conscious.
—Who's here? Jim?
It couldn't be. He'd given up on me for sure when we were separated. He had to. Even if he hadn’t, how did he get here so fast? Impossible. Was I starting to go crazy?
—Bobbie?
I recognized the all too familiar voice immediately.
—Ray! Are you all right? I thought you were dead. Where have you been? How did you get here? What's going on? You’re not dead.
In the dark, Ray threw his arms around me and lifted me off my feet. He hugged me so hard I couldn’t draw a breath until he set me down.
—I've been looking for you for days. Are you all right? They told me you were dead. What happened?
I talked non-stop. I told him about Jim and how we met and searched and about Terry across the street from our house being an informant paid by the cartel and our parents having to leave and the sicario. I left out the part where I let her die.
—Sis. Slow down. You're talking a mile a minute, as usual.
—I know. I know. I'm just so happy I found you. Are you all right?
Would Jim ever find us? Would he go back to his own problems and leave me behind? I couldn't blame him if he started hitch-hiking in the opposite direction just to be rid of me. Tears rolled down my face and I started sniffling.
—All right, sis. Calm down. We’re safe for now. You better make sure you tell me about it this time. And who’s this Jim again? You’ve been talking so fast it’s all I can do to understand you.
As usual, my older brother was willing to listen. Did I want to start from the beginning? Just how much time did we have?


Diana couldn’t wait to drop me at the gas bar. I knew by the deafening silence in the car. She didn’t ask if I had a way of getting around. Obviously she wasn’t interested past last night’s debauchery. I thought about thanking for the good sex to break the ice. Instead, I thanked her for rescuing me.
She didn’t bat an eye.
—One time only, Jim. Thanks for the good time.
Okay. So she thanked me for the good sex. At least, that’s the way I heard it. She drove off without looking back. I know, because I checked.
I limped my way to the truck, opened the door, and pulled myself in using the steering wheel. I wrestled with the armrest as I eased onto the front seat. I didn’t bother to close the door. I couldn’t, anyway. I was too stiff and sore. My eyes closed and I slept the sleep of the dead.
It was almost mid-day when I was forced to vacate the truck and the sweltering heat and humidity. I limped my way into the restroom and splashed water on my face before making my way to the counter and a lukewarm burrito. I choked it down with bad coffee and chased it with gas bar painkillers.
I groaned and manhandled the duffel over my shoulder. I wasn’t sure if it was because of the beating, or punishment for satisfying Diana’s needs and a few of my own. Before long, I had the gate house in sight. Flags flapped and snapped in the strong, gusty wind blowing ashore.
I made my way towards a small, fenced boat storage area I had scouted out the day before. Trees and low scrub facing the concrete pad would provide good cover while I kept watch. I stayed alert and angled towards it. It wasn’t so thick I had to fight my way through to the fence. I made my nest, settled in, and sat.
The burritos did their thing and forced my eyes closed. I needed the sleep. I needed to keep an eye out for the sloop, too. Every so often my head snapped to attention and I looked around to end up swatting at flies. When swatting flies became boring, I busied myself by taking inventory.
Plenty of firepower. Plenty of nerve. Plenty of damage left over from yesterday’s beating, too. Needing to know if Bobbie was aboard the sloop. Not wanting to be here if she wasn’t. I faked a couple more desultory swats at the flies and settled in for the long haul.
It was a good spot. The location gave me a clear view of the only pad in the marina with cars. It didn’t occur to me it might not be Bobbie’s yacht, and I grew impatient.
When I woke up, a nice-looking sloop was tied off on a finger. It looked lonely all by itself. It had to be the one. Isolated. Just far enough from the main building and looking about right.
I don't know what I was expecting. Maybe Bobbie on deck, waving frantically. Impossible, though. How could she know I was here? Was she even here?
Two parked cars commanded the concrete pad where a trailer and snowbirds would sit in the winter. Beyond that, there was nothing but the wind rustling leaves and flapping flags.
Fed up with the lack of action, I changed my shirt and made my way to the yacht club lounge. I checked before entering. There was no one from yesterday’s one-sided boxing match. Diana looked up and smiled from behind the bar.
—You don’t look so bad. I could dim the lights and you’d look pretty good.
—From what I remember about last night, you look too good in any light.
She blushed a bright pink. Maybe the veneer of toughness she presented wasn’t so thick after all.
—Keep it up and I might invite you back.
Absentmindedly, my hand moved to a shoulder and rubbed. My subconscious knew what would happen if I got involved with this one and Bobbie ever found out.
—That's a sweet-looking sloop tied off on the finger. Any idea who owns it?
It didn’t make me feel any less guilty about changing the subject.
—Yeah. I noticed it when it first came in a few days ago. A man and a woman. The man was a lot older. I think the woman jumped ship. He's been here ever since, all by his lonesome. He eats here. If he wasn't so old-
She looked into my eyes, and her face softened.
—You aren't so old.
Judging by the yacht club’s aging customer base and Diana's hustle, I figured my chances were good. I returned her gaze rather wistfully until I was forced to remember her words from this morning and why I was here.
—So what's up with it? Has the guy mentioned how long he'll be staying?
Diana cast a roving eye before replying. I felt like a side of beef hanging on a hook, waiting for a buyer to nod approval. She nodded.
—The same cars come and go. It looks like he's having meetings with someone. More than that, I don't know. He doesn't say much when he’s here. He tips well, though.
I thanked her and fished for a twenty. I pushed it across the bar.
—Why? You going to blow up this one, too?
Diana’s face turned pale before reaching to palm the twenty. I attributed it to a lack of sleep we shared the night before. A hand reached into the top of her blouse and tucked the twenty into the bra I watched her put on this morning. The woman didn’t need a bra. She probably didn’t need the twenty, either.
Diana regained her composure and it was time for me to go before I got myself into more trouble than it was worth. I pushed off the barstool and headed for the door.
—Come back any time. I'll be here.
But not for long, I thought to myself.
I wasn’t looking forward to swatting more flies. I'd rather be swatting Diana.
If it weren't for Bobbie, that is.


I wasn’t so busy killing time in the bar with Diana that I didn’t notice the single car rolling onto the concrete pad beside the sloop. A second screeched to a stop beside it. A tall, gray-haired man exited and stretched. I recognized him. Kennedy. It had to be. He hesitated, looked around, and headed for the boat.
A third vehicle approached. I recognized the border guards, still in their coverall uniforms. They must have ditched the government jimmy. Too bad. I’d set fire to it just for spite if I could find it.
There was no sign of Bobbie. They ditched her. I wanted her to be only as far away as the sloop.
Kennedy took his time with the two men. In an obvious fit of temper, he began pointing and gesticulating wildly. He had to be pissed off about something. Was he handing out shit for the screwup the pair left behind in Brownsville?
By the time I made my hiding spot I was too far away to hear anything. The words didn’t carry in the wind, nor could I make sense of what was happening.
Perhaps they were taking shit for bringing the girl back to the scene of the crime. According to Bobbie, this was where she took a beating and handed somebody's balls to them on the toe of her boot. They had to be the balls belonging to the gray-haired man.
A bit to the north was where I picked Bobbie up. Since then, we’d been tested and survived. When it seemed like we might have a chance, she was taken from me. Yet another woman destined to enter my life, linger for what seemed like an eternity, and then disappear without a trace. At least this one hadn't been killed.
Or had she?
If she was alive, she had to be in trouble, else why would they have taken her? Did they think she knew where the drugs were? Did they think she might have them? Had they found out that she’d left a dead sicario back in Brownsville?
Maybe the desk-clerk witness we left behind spilled his guts. Bobbie's days would be numbered if she gave up what they wanted to know.
But did she have the drugs? I didn't want to think so. Still, I couldn't be certain. I didn’t know if she was even on board the yacht.
While I contemplated all of that, the hatch door banged open. A flash of light shattered my daydreaming. I waited, impatient. A woman stepped onto the deck. I recognized her instantly, even from the distance.
Bobbie was wearing the same clothes she changed into before she was hauled out of our car and forced into the jimmy. She didn't look happy to be here. We were even though.
Neither was I.
A man joined her on deck. He didn’t look familiar. They hugged for a moment. Both squinted over the water. Friends? Lovers? Someone she was working with?
I'd shared that woman's bed. It didn't mean that I owned her. Or that she owed me anything. But I felt something more than lust when we were together. Although, the lust wasn't so bad, either.
I didn’t know where I should be disappointed or angry, so instead I sat back and waited for the cars to disappear.
Bobbie remained below with the stranger, staying out of sight. I wondered if she thought I might be close. Or if I was still searching. And if she thought I was, could she be hiding out on me?
I had enough. It was go time.
I unzipped the duffel and retrieved a knife. I strapped it to my ankle. I tucked my automatic into the small of my back beneath a sweaty shirt and shouldered the bag. I made my way nonchalantly toward the moored yacht, hoping I looked like a crewman who'd been on a bender showing up late for work.
It was a nice boat up close. Almost a twin to one I was once very familiar with. Newer, though. Well maintained, by the look of it. I wondered who did the work. Bobbie? Perhaps. She told me she had crewed on it. She never said for how long.
Gulls swooped and screeched. The yacht club flag flapped in the stiff breeze blowing in off the gulf. Water lapped at the sides of the yacht, another familiar sound from my past. The sloop rocked naturally in the swell making its way into the finger of water.
It was a pretty sweet yacht. One day I'd like to own something like it. Inexperienced sailor that I was, I knew I'd never be able to sail on my own.
My daydreaming halted the instant I stepped aboard. The yacht eased over slowly and righted. Water continued slapping gently against the sides.
—Hello?
I recognized the voice immediately.
—Is anyone out there?
Below, someone moved. The hatch slid open. Bobbie stepped up and looked into my eyes.
—Jim. What are you doing? How did you find me? How did you get here? I thought I'd never see you again. You have to get away. They'll be back soon.
I took her in my arms and she relaxed against me, shaking uncontrollably and sobbing. I held on tight. She tried to quiet her sobbing, but it only contributed to the shaking.
—Whoa. Slow down, woman. You must know by now sniffling isn’t allowed.
She punched me in the shoulder because she could, but for once it was gentle. Maybe she had mellowed since we lost one another. I dumped the duffel below deck and jumped ashore to untie. I turned on the fans to rid the engine compartment of fumes. We drifted free in the finger's calm waters.
—What are you doing? You can't steal it. They'll find us again.
—Why not? Who's going to stop us?
I checked for vehicles and hoped no one was on the way.
—I brought you a change of clothes. There's slightly warm burritos in the bag if you're so inclined.
Bobbie shook her head and mumbled.
—At a time like this you think of food?
She hesitated before going on.
—Sunglasses too?
—You betcha, baby.
She dived below and returned with a handful of clothes.
—Nice hoodie. You planning on going gangsta on me?
—I thought once we got out to sea I might have some time, yes.
It was too late. Cars raced onto the pad and halted beside the yacht. A familiar figure standing in the doorway to the clubhouse watched it go down. She must have made the call. Perhaps Diana already had her ride out of town lined up.
Three men exited the cars in a hurry. All three were reaching around for whatever was tucked into their belts.
—Throw up the duffel, baby. I need to find something in it.
Bobbie did better than that. She carried the heavy bag over to me and unzipped. I pulled out the AK, slammed home a cuerno de chivo, otherwise known as a taped magazine, and racked.
—Now get below, woman. There's going to be trouble in paradise.




TWENTY-FIVE


Bobbie


THE SLOOP ROCKED gently in the sheltered finger. The yacht shifted. Mooring lines tightened and went slack. Fenders squeaked. Faint steps began at the bow and traversed the deck. I hoped it was Kennedy. I sailed into port with him—how long ago was it now? It felt like a month.
I could deal with the man. He was a lot easier on me than the others. Perhaps he would tell me what was going on.
I slid open the hatch. Blinding sunlight assaulted my eyes. I blinked and squinted and realized I was face-to-face with another human being. It was him! In that instant of recognition I grinned like a woman saying yes to a marriage proposal.
—How? When? Where were you?
A huge smile looked back at me. It took effort to stop with the questions.
—Nash is back in town, baby. That’s all you need to know.
He took me in his arms and I felt safe all over again. He gestured to the bag.
—Stow this below deck while I release the lines.
He picked up the heavy duffel and dropped it at my feet. I didn’t ask what was inside. If I knew him, it was an armory. The heavy bag almost slipped from my grip as I hauled it below.
Topside, he had the fans going. We were drifting free in the finger. Cars braked to a screeching halt on the concrete pad beside the yacht. Danger in Diamondhead. It sounded like a book title, but I wouldn’t be hitchhiking out of it this time.
I called to Jim, busy at the helm.
—They're back.
It suddenly dawned on the men that the yacht was floating free. Their pace quickened as they tried to catch up before the yacht cleared the dock. Jim didn't appear the slightest bit troubled. He carried on like it was nothing.
—Can you get the duffel for me in a hurry? There's something I need.
I flew down the stairs and struggled to haul the bag topside. I went through it frantically, searching for the automatic I knew would be there. Jim pushed my hands away and went for what I thought he called the AK. He withdrew two magazines covered in duct tape. I was ignorant, but I wasn’t stupid. The men on the receiving end would be in for a surprise.
—You're not leaving my sight ever again, woman. Never ever.
I gave him the look and he grinned like a fool. Come to think of it, so did I. This time, I let him give the orders while I listened.
—What you’re looking for is already tucked into my belt.
I did as I was told. No way was I going to screw things up now that Jim was back in my life. While I busied myself trying to yank the pistol from his belt without shooting him, Jim went to work with the AK. He slipped a magazine into the bottom and let it do what it did best.
He fired short bursts. Brass clattered onto the deck. Some splashed into the water. Ashore, lead kicked up shards of cement and lead ricocheted. The gunfire forced the armed men back to the cover of their vehicles. It wasn’t like a movie or a television show. They sheltered behind the engine block, and for good reason. Doors and anything else wouldn’t do.
We had a standoff going on, and judging by the shouts, they weren’t happy about it. I thought we were doing pretty good. Jim went back to handling the yacht, making way out of the finger and into open water. Then my brother came topside. He spotted Jim and without hesitating, rapped him on the back of the head. Jim dropped like a collapsed sail boom and stayed down.
—Ray! It's Jim. Damn you to hell. Why did you do that?
The guilty look on my brother’s face made him look like he was ten years old all over again.
—How was I to know? You didn't take time to tell me about him.
—Now you know. Take over piloting this thing while I try to talk him out of killing you when he comes to.


Typical woman. Bobbie just wouldn't listen. Instead, in the thick of things, she flipped up the back of my shirt and tugged at the automatic tucked into my belt. It was a miracle she didn’t shoot me. I was impressed when she checked the magazine.
—We're a team or we're nothing. Don't ever order me around again.
I couldn’t disagree. She had a loaded handgun filling her hand. While it wasn't pointed in my direction, it could have been. I grinned a shit-eater in her direction.
—Yes, dear. Anything you say.
I aimed at the feet of the advancing attackers and pulled the AK’s trigger for a short burst. Flying lead kicked up cement. It put the fear of the rifle known as the African credit card into them. They scattered toward the cars and halted their retreat by taking shelter behind engine blocks. They definitely weren’t amateurs.
—Can you back this thing up and get us out to sea? I'll hold them off as best I can.
A shadow appeared in the corner of my eye. Bobbie screamed. It was too late to do anything.
—Ray! No!
The AK slipped out of my hands and clattered to the deck. I thumped down beside it like a side of beef. When I came to, my head was against Bobbie's familiar bosom. Her arms were around me, too, but I didn't notice that right away. I nuzzled comfortably against both breasts and grinned. She almost dropped me.
—You're faking it. You are a wicked bad man.
—Not entirely.
She allowed me to continue play-acting. Maybe she was enjoying it, too. Then she pushed me away.
—You're sure you're all right? Ray gave you a nasty wallop.
—Ray? Your brother? I thought—
So they had brought both of them here. They had to be thinking brother and sister were a team working to steal the drugs.
—So did I. Until we discovered each other on board the yacht. We were waiting for the right time.
—The right time to do what?
—I don't know. We didn't have weapons until you showed up.
—Lucky for you. I didn’t think I’d find you.
I pressed my head against her and waited. This time, she didn't push me away. The sound of the engine convinced me were away from the wharf and headed for the breakwater.
—Who's driving this tub?
I struggled to stand. Ray’s wallop was worse than I thought. Unsteady on my feet, I made a grab for Bobbie and then the jackline to keep from going overboard. She grabbed and hung on, steadying me.
—Ray. He's a professional sailor.
—Good to know. Can he teach me to swim, too?
Bobbie helped me below and convinced me to climb into a berth. I closed my eyes and she went topside. It was pitch black when I came around. The rap I took on the side of my head did more damage than I suspected.
I struggled up the stairs to face howling wind and flapping sails. Wobbly and disoriented, I kept a hand on the jackline for support. The sloop in full sail charged through the waves, drenching me in spray. I leaned against the rigging for support.
—You better strap in. It's going to get a lot rougher.
As far as I was concerned, it was a lot rougher already. The rocking sailboat tossed me from one side to the other. I hung on, only barely. Bobbie helped me into straps and fastened me in.
—Where are we headed?
—We'll moor her off Playa Bagdad.
—Playa Bagdad? Why there?
—We heard that's where you need to be.
—Well yeah. Maybe. But you don't have to hole up there on my account.
—Yes. We do. There are a few things we're not telling you.
I took a chance.
—What about Brownsville?
I already knew that would be a no. After what we left behind in Browntown, as Bobbie called it, I didn't think there would be a chance in hell any of us would be welcome back there.
—We burned that bridge too well.
It took me a minute.
—Yesenia.
—Yes. And Terry, too.
I was the one needed convincing. At least they realized it.
—Well—
I let it rest. I had nothing.
Playa Bagdad wasn’t far. Still, it had nothing resembling a harbor. A sand beach and a collection of bodegas for sunbathers and locals who wanted to do some beach shopping were about it. At one time, the place figured in one of my escapades with just about all the women in my life. Whether I considered that operation a success was another matter.
I had to admit I was happy Bobbie had found her brother alive. That he'd given me a good one on the side of the head didn't bother me any more than the pain and suffering. How would he have known I was the good guy? I had showed up out of the blue, after all.
Now, with her brother in tow, we were headed for Mexico. By boat. By sailboat. Was this taking the slow train or what?
I headed below to make sandwiches in the well-equipped galley. It would give me a chance to think things through without having Bobbie, finally safe and sound, to distract me.
Tampico owed me. My old operation had gone south in a hurry. Two close friends had been killed. One betrayed; the other, my lover, ambushed and killed. Corrupt and dangerous as the city was, it looked like it was the place I needed to be. The trouble was, I knew nobody. I had no connections.
From what I knew, the place had been taken over by warring cartels. It was still going on, hot and heavy as ever. America hadn't stopped buying drugs or supplying the cartels with weapons.
Did I want to take Bobbie and Ray into something like that? I already knew the answer. If we went, they'd be my only allies. I didn't think either of them—inexperienced as they were—would be up to the monumental task.
The only thing keeping me going was the knowledge that Bobbie's brother had finally showed up. It was time to confront her before it became too late for any of us.
And it was time to think about my own reasons for the vendetta I was convinced would solve all of my problems concerning my past. I couldn't possibly allow Bobbie and her brother to shoulder the burden for anything I had to do.
That was for me alone.
If I was successful, maybe Bobbie would be waiting. If I wasn't, my feelings for her wouldn't matter in the slightest. I had to set her straight. I had to get her to understand that my fight wasn't her fight.
If anything happened to her, I'd never forgive myself.




TWENTY-SIX


Bobbie


JIM WENT FULL perv on me—not that I minded. It was relief coupled with joy at having him with me, finally. I ended up cradling him in my arms, waiting for him to come around after Ray rapped him on the side of the head. Instead, I was subjected to his face tucked into my breasts. He nuzzled and sighed and I grinned like a woman on her wedding night.
I tugged his head away and began chastising him anyway. He squinted up at me with a forlorn look and I had to give up when his grin mirrored my own.
—You're incorrigible. What's a girl to do?
I shook my head and gave him another chance. To no avail.
—That bump on the head isn't so bad. Help me up.
He was still dizzy, and not in a good way. He made a grab for the jackline, attempting to steady himself. At the same time, he let go of me and for a split second I thought he was on his way overboard.
—You need to strap in or go below, Jim. Now.
He wasn’t having any of it.
—I'll be all right. I just need another minute.
I gave him more than a few, but I didn’t leave him until he put on a life jacket. How could I let the man who rescued me fall overboard, even if he could be frustratingly stubborn? When I was satisfied, I went back to my brother and lit into him like there was no tomorrow. Ray held up his hands in surrender.
—You're in love with that man.
I mumbled and went beet-red and mumbled some more.
—All right, sis. It's your funeral.
That was the final straw.
—My funeral? What are you talking about? You're the dim bulb that came up with the idea to steal cartel drugs for a payday. What did you think was going to happen? Even if you never saw another news headline in this part of the world, surely you had to know what would happen. You put our entire family in jeopardy. And now you're telling me that Jim is bad for me?
I caught Ray looking at Jim. I wheeled and gave him a look that could have felled a lesser man. He just grinned and shook his head and knew better than to utter word one. I might have tossed the man overboard if he had.
—You want me to do some sailing so the happy family can continue with this line of discussion?
Jim had come up behind us. My brother looked impressed.
—He can sail? You should have told me.
Jim had that self-satisfied look he got, until I let the wind out of his sail. I seemed to do that a lot with that man.
—For all I know, he can sail just well enough to run us aground.
That got the man’s attention real fast.
—Oh come on now. I'm not that bad. Give me some credit. I tracked you down to where I first picked you up.
Like that had anything to do with sailing. I wouldn't be giving him the credit he deserved in the company of my brother.
—If you know what's good for you, you'd better zip it.
—That's it. No more burritos for you. We're done.
I burst into tears and began sobbing, and it wasn’t for effect. Maybe Jim was right. Maybe I was acting out a reaction I'd been suppressing. When this was over, I had to get somewhere far away. If Jim loved me, he'd wait. If I loved him, I had to do it for my own good before we hooked up again.
Why was my life never simple since meeting this man?


I really tried. Maybe too hard. I cajoled. I begged. When none of that worked, I told the woman I loved her. It did no good. Bobbie wouldn't listen. She wouldn't try to understand. She threatened to throw me overboard without a life jacket, knowing that I'd sink like a stone. Finally, I had enough.
—Just because you've racked up a body count of one doesn't mean you're capable of adding to it. Have you had a reaction yet?
I already knew the answer to that. I needed to know if she did.
—What do you mean?
—Waking up with the sweats. Talking in your sleep. Screaming. Crying. Uncontrollable trembling. Begging for forgiveness. Oh, I almost forgot. One more. Puking over the side of our car.
—I had all of that, all right. I thought it was because of my feelings for you.
The joke fell flat.
—Hilarious. I ought to put you over my knee and spank you right here.
—Then you will end up walking the plank after I stop rubbing my ass.
A familiar image of Bobbie rubbing a pink rear end came to mind, but my mind was made up. I didn't wait to announce the decision.
—We're heading to Brownsville.
The safe house would be a good beginning. With Bobbie's problem solved and her bother found—was he ever lost?—I was ready for some me time. It was the only way I knew to pick up the pieces of my personal war.
A lot of yelling and shouting and pointing and pushing and punches thrown and taken by both Bobbie and her brother and I knew why she had such a devastating fist. When the shadow boxing and the dust settled, Ray and Bobbie came to an understanding.
I didn't ask.
She nodded in my direction and I went below. I turned on as many lights as I could find and began field stripping and re-assembling the weapons.
It gave me something to do as I mumbled and stumbled and tried to convince myself that having Bobbie and her brother along wouldn't drag me into the depths of Mexican water. I completed my self-imposed exile from topside and called out to Bobbie to join me.
—This is an AK magazine. Some call it a clip, but it's not. It's a magazine. A mag for short. Across the Rio Grande, it's cuerno de chivo—slang for goat's horn.
I handed it to her.
—Get familiar with it. Know it. Know how to load it. Start now.
I handed over the bag of ammo, and she did pretty good. She muttered and broke nails and didn't seem bothered by it. I was impressed.
—You did good. Now here's another.
She looked at me like I was crazy but that was all right with me. I was accustomed to those looks now.
—How many of these are you going to need?
She had part of the question right. The you part. No way would I include her once my own adventure began. I couldn't take the chance. I cared for her too much. There was no way I was about to admit it to her, either. Then I remembered I already had.
I picked up the rifle.
—This is an AK-47. In some parts of the world it's known as an African credit card. The best part of it is that it just works. In the swamp. Desert. Jungle. Mud. Sand. Dirt. It never fails.
She took it with both hands and hefted it.
—It's heavy.
—Even heavier with a jungle mag.
—What's a jungle mag? I just loaded a magazine for you.
—Dos cuernos taped together. Double the action. Double the fun.
She picked up the second mag and reached into the bag for more ammo.
—Wait. Don't start loading that one just yet. There's something you need to see.
She placed it on the table. Her hands went to her lap, waiting, like a patient schoolgirl—something I knew she wasn't.
Did I really want to get into this with her? Could I put Bobbie intentionally in harm’s way? I didn’t consider it for long. If it was bound to happen, I wanted her prepared. Decision made. She was the only backup strategy I had.
—It goes into the underside like this.
I held the AK47 by the fore end, tipped it sideways, and slipped the front edge of the empty mag into the notch on the receiver. I rotated the mag back until it engaged the rear stop with a loud click.
—Did you see that?
She nodded. I pressed the catch in front of the finger guard and rotated the mag forward. I removed the mag from where it slid into its front receiver.
—I’ll do it again.
I repeated the motion and handed over the rifle.
—Now it’s your turn.
I left to go topside. I wanted to confer with Ray. I needed to know if he was planning on staying or going. I had no need for him, and I doubted if he wanted to help me anyway. I was relieved when I learned he'd be leaving us in Brownsville.
Satisfied, I returned to Bobbie's side.
—How's it going?
—All right.
She performed twice for me.
—Leave the mag in. Hold the AK and pull back the slide.
I crooked her index finger on it and covered it with my own. I pulled the slide back until it locked.
—Now look inside. Is it clear?
She maneuvered the rifle sideways for a good look.
—There's nothing. No bullet. It must be clear.
—And that's how we know you won't be shooting at your friends. Well, that, and don't show the muzzle to anything you don't intend to kill.
Her eyes moved to the loaded mag on the table. She was aching to try it. I wasn't so sure.
—Take a break. Go visit with your brother for a bit. I'll still be here when you get back.
She gave me the look and left to go topside.
The yelling started while I was making sandwiches. Bits and pieces drifted past the open hatch. I didn't venture out to investigate. The way she threw a punch, she'd be a match for her brother, whatever was going on.
The hatch opened wide and Ray dragged his sister, struggling and yelling, down the hatchway.
—Bobbie tells me you've been showing her how to handle an AK-47. Is that true?
No way was she about letting up. I didn’t get a chance to answer. The argument went on and on, like things do between brother and sister when neither will give ground. I waited patiently until both grew fed up with it.
—Why would I lie, Ray? You think I'm making shit up? You, who stole a car loaded with frigging cartel cocaine? Yeah, I'm the one with the problems, all right. Lying would be the least of them, don't you think?
Bobbie twisted free and sat down in front of the rifle. She picked up a sandwich and began chewing.
—Mmm. You're a good cook, too, Nash. I might just have to marry you.
She gave her brother the stink eye as the words tumbled out. I didn't utter word one. I knew better. I cracked a Sol and took a swallow.
—Anyone else want one?
Nobody said a word. I leaned back and enjoyed the beer, hoping for peace and quiet. Ray refused to give up. He wouldn’t shut up, either.
—Bobbie, I'm warning you—
—No. You're not. You're making a mountain out of a molehill. And only thinking about yourself. As usual.
She eyed me, expecting something. I only sighed and shook my head and kept on with the sandwiches. I kept my ears wide open, though.
—I'm jumping ship in Brownsville. You two are free to do whatever you want.
—Fine.
There was that word again. I'd heard it a few times, too. There'd be no going against her now. I wondered if her brother knew that about her.
—You won't change my mind, Ray. You can go back to the wheel.
Ray climbed the stairs. I gave Bobbie the once-over.
—What was that about?
—He thinks you're leading me somewhere I don't need to be. Now that he's back, he wants to return to the way things were. You know, before the cartel started looking for him.
—That's a way to certain death. Does he have any idea—
—I know. That's what we were fighting about topside. Well, that, and having you in my life. He thinks you're bad for me.
I had no idea. Perhaps I was.
—Yeah. So. Am I?
—Are you going to make more sandwiches, or do I have to do it myself?
—I take it that's a no. And take some to your brother as a peace offering. I don't want to have to force you to walk the plank.
Bobbie leaned in and kissed me. Before I could react, she grabbed the sandwiches and rushed topside. She was turning out to be a handful, all right.
I already knew that from the very beginning when I crossed paths with the woman hitchhiking at a gas bar.


Sitting below deck alone with my thoughts, I made up my mind.
—I have to go back to the stash house.
I made the announcement to nobody. What I didn't say out loud was that I’d have to leave Bobbie behind when we docked in Brownsville. I had to. She'd object if she knew, and it wasn't something I wanted to experience after being witness to the blowup with her brother.
At that instant, as though to confirm my decision, the yacht heeled over as it changed course. Someone topside must have read my mind.
—If there's anything left, it will be in Brownsville.
The lights flicked on. Bobbie pursed her lips and looked at me like I was nuts. I figured I was ahead. She wasn’t glaring at me.
—Are you sure? Won't that be dangerous? Surely they'll be watching for us there.
It was true. After setting fire to their cache of drugs and money in the stash house, they'd be on the lookout all right. Security would be a concern.
But why, if the house was no longer a safe house for the feds? If it was compromised, and it looked like it was, who had abandoned it? Why had it been abandoned in the first place? And who turned it over to the cartel to be used as a stash house for drugs and cash?
I'd heard of them, of course. Usually, every nook and cranny in the place would be filled with plastic-wrapped bales of cash. Sometimes a family of relatives would be left behind. Making the place look occupied kept away neighborhood inquiring eyes and give it the lived-in look.


There wasn't a soul in the Brownsville marina when I crept silently off the sloop in the dark. Ray was long gone. I tried my best not to make a sound for fear of disturbing Bobbie. I didn't want to make excuses. I didn’t want to dwell on saying goodbye.
All that was a lie. Hell, I knew I wouldn't be able to talk her out of accompanying me. I was certain I'd succeeded, too, until Bobbie tapped me on the shoulder in the stash house.
—Jesus, woman. Do you want to get shot?
—Judging by the way you so elegantly deserted ship in the dark, I figured this was where you'd be. Trying to ditch me, were you?
She had me there. I went with the truth.
—Yes. Are you satisfied now?
—Not so much. Why?
Damn but this woman could be annoying with the questions.
—Because I didn't want to put you in danger.
—Why not?
I shook my head and rolled my eyes and I could have done at least another couple of things to keep me from answering the obvious. Instead, I gave in.
—Because I love you. Now are you satisfied?
—Yes.
Exasperated, I waited, but there was only silence.
—Yes? That's it? Only yes?
—For now. We have too much to do.
She explained what she wanted to do. I took to it right away. An hour later, with Bobbie driving, we were on the road, headed for the Brownsville marina and the sailboat. It gave me plenty of time to think.
I was no closer to solving what happened with Kara. Maybe I never would. Maybe having Bobbie enter my life meant that I needed to put the relationship behind me and move on with life. Maybe it was karma, meant to kick me out of my search for vengeance.
For now, it would have to do. We had bigger problems in the present that could prove insurmountable. Missing cartel cash, if it was even noticeable in the mountain contained within the old stash house, was a more pressing problem.
We spent hours from the car to the sailboat’s mooring and back. Finally, it was time. Bobbie fired up the engine and got us underway, taking us out of the harbor and past the breakwater.
Under sail, we headed into the Gulf. Bobbie proved to be just as adept at sailing as her brother. Hell, with my limited abilities in the sailing department, she could take the sloop anywhere she wanted.
Had I let myself down by allowing her to convince me we could steal the cash and make a new life for ourselves? Yes. But not all the way. On the drive to the marina, I decided for the last time that everything about Kara was a lost cause. I didn't need to be letting her back into my life after her death.
It was all over, finally.
Pilar, however, was another matter. I needed closure. I had no idea where that ride would end up taking me. Right now, I didn't want to know.
—Where are we headed, sailor?
North was all I managed to get out of her. When she stripped down to her bikini, that was enough. For now.
—The coast guard has to think I'm out with my sugar daddy.
Where had I heard that before?
I went along with Bobbie and smiled anyway. Her plan worked, too. On our journey north, they came alongside a couple of times, and then waved and slipped away after a quick look. Maybe the radio waves telegraphed a good-looking topless woman in a bikini bottom who wasn't shy in the slightest. It was all good.
—Where are we going to put in?
—Somewhere with a bank and a dry dock, at least. A storage unit wouldn't hurt, either. We need to stash the cash we borrowed, the sooner the better.
—Yeah, well, I'm on board with that.
And I was, too, until a white, foamy wake telegraphed its arrival behind us on the distant horizon. I didn't say anything to Bobbie. I wanted her kept busy while I went below to check the firepower. 
The powerboat was holding off, matching us in the speed department. I was pretty sure it would make its appearance after dark when it would come abeam. Right now it was keeping me on edge. It became impossible to keep it from Bobbie. I pointed the boat out.
—He’s been following us for a while. He's probably going to pace us until dark. He'll try to board then.
I was concerned. I went below a second time to prep the AK and check the load. I made sure to bring up a pistol for Bobbie. I tucked it into the seat beside her along with a second mag.
—Just in case.
She only nodded. A hard look crossed her face for an instant and disappeared in one of the fake smiles she was generating regularly. I wondered if the sicario’s death was catching up to her.
—Remember to breathe.
She had no experience with this.
—Don't do anything crazy, okay? We need to know who it is. If they try to board, that's our cue. Only then do we act. Understood?
She nodded again. I wasn't reassured. She had become too withdrawn since our paths crossed again in Diamondhead. The episode with the sicario was definitely catching up to her, slowly but surely.
Now wasn’t the time to tell her that if it was the coast guard, they’d be on us like flies. No way would they hold off until dark.


The sun dipped below the horizon and night was on us too fast for my liking. The boat following never displayed any markers. I lost sight of it but for the white, foamy wake surrounded by darker water.
—You should probably switch off our markers, Bobbie.
We had no radar to monitor, but they most likely did. The sound of the engine at full throttle grew stronger, overpowering the rush of wind in our sails. The distance closed.
—They're coming.
Bobbie rushed below to change. She returned dressed in long pants and a wool pea jacket. She left it unbuttoned. She pulled a watch cap down above her eyes. She looked like an old salt.
She checked the automatic and returned it to the seat. The knife hung from her belt.
—Ready as we'll ever be. Now sit and keep a low profile until we know whether they're going to ram us first or shoot.
She tied off the wheel. I placed the AK at my feet. I wanted it accessible when I hit the deck. I joined her on the seat.
—Remember to breathe. We don't know what's going to happen. It might only be coast guard in an unmarked boat.
I willed myself to believe it. Could we be that lucky? I rubbed her back and smiled. As best as I could tell in the dark, she smiled back.
—The wind is steady. That's a plus. The sail will stay trimmed.
She no sooner said the words when a single boom echoed over the water.
—Keep down. They mean business.
If they had automatics, they were holding fire. I hoped they'd think we had no firearms of our own. I waited for the powerboat to ease closer. Bobbie fidgeted beside me.
—Wait. It's too soon. Wait for me.
The powerboat bumped against us. Something bounced forward along the deck. An explosion accompanied by a flash of bright light left us blinded. The mast groaned. A loud cracking sound split the air as the mast faltered and leaned. It began slowly tipping over the side before disappearing into the water. The sail caught. We slowed and turned into the powerboat thanks to the sail dragging us in the water.
—Now, Bobbie. Now.
My ears rang deaf from the explosion. I dived to the deck and struggled to raise the AK into firing position behind the gunnel. I raked the powerboat's cockpit with automatic fire. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Bobbie raising the pistol. I waited.
Nothing.
Whoever was on board was unprepared for the firepower. Panicked yelling and screaming accompanied by shadowy movement subsided. The empty mag clattered onto the deck. I slammed home a second. I made sure my aim was more discrete. I used short, controlled bursts. The muzzle moved fore and aft and then side to side as the second mag emptied into the powerboat.
There was no sound beyond the idling engine. No yelling. Nothing. I pulled the third mag out of the duffel and slipped it into the AK. I called to Bobbie.
—Hold your fire. I'm going aboard.
I held up my hand and looked back at her. Still clutching the handgun, she appeared frozen in position.
—Did you hear me?
I waited until she lowered the pistol. I tossed a rope and climbed aboard to secure it. Nothing moved in the darkness. There wasn't a sound beyond the whistling wind and the waves slapping against the hull. I tied us off and waved Bobbie aboard.
—Bring a light.
I went through pockets and bags and collected what I could. No IDs. Nothing. One at a time, I illuminated the faces to give Bobbie a look.
—Do you recognize any of them?
She shook her head.
—Not a one. What are we going to do? It's going to take hours to offload our cargo.
—Losing the sail won't stop us. The sloop can power on with the engine. Where will we put in?
She didn't hesitate.
—I was planning on Lake Charles. There are plenty of places for the cargo and dry docks if we want to keep her for a while.
I went forward and began cutting at the collapsed mast and its rigging. It broke free of the yacht and drifted off before sinking. Bobbie turned on the fan in the engine compartment.
—There's one more thing that needs doing. Don't go away.
I boarded the powerboat and searched for what I knew to be there. I tossed the grenades to Bobbie, one at a time. She blanched but caught them all. I climbed over the rail to join her on our sloop.
—What are you going to do with them?
I pulled three pins on the grenades in quick succession and hurriedly tossed each one into the powerboat. Bobbie advanced our throttle, putting us fifty feet away when the explosions came. We delayed getting under way, waiting for the inevitable sinking. Twenty minutes later, only an oily slick remained.
—Take us to Lake Charles, sailor.
I went below and grabbed a blanket. We huddled in the cool air. In time I dragged myself away from Bobbie to cover over the hole in the deck where the grenade exploded.
—Do you think it will be repairable?
Bobbie looked at me like I was crazy.
—Who cares? We have enough hard cash to buy a new one if we want.
At that moment, I had no idea what I wanted.




TWENTY-SEVEN


Bobbie


I KNEW THE POWERBOAT would be trouble as soon as Jim pointed it out. My stomach started to rock and roll almost immediately. Nervous and unsteady on my feet, I held off just long enough for Jim to go below. I rushed to get my head over the side before I gagged and threw up. Panicking, I sucked in air and threw up again.
My hands shook so bad I could barely hang onto the jackline.
I didn’t want Jim to know. Not now. Not ever. Especially not in the middle of whatever it was we were in the middle of. He returned topside, but he was concentrating on the powerboat behind us, too preoccupied to notice my shortcomings. If he noticed. He said nothing.
The explosion took down the mast and the sail with it, and I knew we were in even worse trouble. I held the handgun the way my father showed me. I even got it pointed in the right direction. I tried more than once to pull the trigger. I couldn't.
I watched and listened and stood there like I knew what I was doing. Oh, I looked good. I held the automatic out with both hands, the way I'd been shown. I made sure to have my feet in the correct position. I had even dressed the part with the jacket and the watch cap.
But I wasn't prepared for anything. How was I supposed to know someone would toss grenades? At least, that’s what I thought it was. The explosion and the bright light put me in panic mode. Shock, too. My heart beat so fast it felt like it would explode. The light blinded me. A cold sweat ran down my back. It all happened in slow motion over what seemed like an eternity.
Then it was over. I sat down, pulled my feet up and bent over my knees while Jim jumped aboard the powerboat. I guessed he was looking for survivors. I puked over the side again. It was all I could do to climb aboard behind him. If it wasn’t for Jim—
I was right back in the storage unit. Except it wasn't the sicario. It wasn’t Yesenia. It was three men I didn't recognize.
—Here. Take these with you.
Jim tossed grenades at me, shocking me out of my ugly reverie. I caught them all. When he came aboard our yacht, he pulled the pins on three and tossed them into the powerboat. I steered the yacht clear while the grenades were going off. In minutes, the powerboat was taking on water and sinking with all aboard.
Jim went forward and fought with the lines on the mast and finally succeeded in cutting it free. We waited for the rest of the powerboat to disappear in an oily foam. It sunk, I fired up the engine, and we were under way. It wasn’t long after that the uncontrollable trembling began. I couldn’t stop it, no matter what I did.
I did something like this before. It was after our highway encounter and shootout with the bad guys. This time, I let Jim think it was because I was cold. I didn't dare tell him the truth. He must have figured it out when I froze at the sound of his rifle.
He brought me a blanket. It covered up the obvious. So did his arm when it went around me. Even so, I felt like I'd been destroyed. When I got out of this, I was going to get far away from the gulf and boats or die trying.
I didn't dare let on to Jim. I figured he gave up on me for being a failure as his backup. He knew now he couldn’t depend on me. I had no idea what I would have done if anyone had been left alive to shoot back at us.
In the dark I began to cry. Jim tightened his grip and I blocked all of it out as best I could. How long that would last—
Finally, I made up my mind to tell him the truth—or at least the part of it I wanted him to know.


I looked over at Bobbie, huddled beneath the blanket. It was over her shoulders as though protecting her from the gale force winds facing us on our way north.
—Jim? There's something you need to know.
There was more than one thing, I was certain. For now, I'd take them from this woman one at a time.
—Remember when you picked me up at the gas bar?
I did. I pulled in to take a break for gas and food. The short-lived welcome breath of cold air gave some respite from the broken-down air conditioner in the rental.
—Yeah. The clouds parted, the sun came out, and there you were, looking a bit like an angel the worse for wear.
She did, too.
—Something like a drowned rat with a shiner looking for a place to hang out after the store manager threw you out.
—You don't have to sound so happy about it.
—I felt sorry for you. I wanted to hear the story about how you got the shiner. Are you ever going to spill?
I hesitated. Bobbie shifted uncomfortably in her seat.
—Well—
She avoided looking at me and instead stared out across the gulf.
—Remember when I told you I crewed on a yacht? The owner refused to pay me so I jumped ship. Remember that?
I nodded and wondered what would come next.
—It was a setup.
My ears perked up. If I wasn’t already, I was paying attention now.
—I agreed to take a punch on the face. On purpose. I didn't bargain on a second one. I managed a dodge but he caught me in the chest. You got to see the results of that, too.
She absent-mindedly rubbed herself through the blanket.
—I ended up booting him between the legs. I took his money for payment. That text message you showed me on Terry's phone went to his phone.
—The man who beat you for the setup?
—Yes. Kennedy. He forced me to search for my brother. If I didn't, he said he'd kill me.
He was using the phone to track her. Of course. That's why we ended up in a gunfight on the side of the road. He must have thought she'd found her brother.
—What about the calls you took? You wouldn’t talk much past mumbling, remember?
—That was him. He was asking all sorts of questions that I couldn’t answer with you listening. I tried to put him off when I realized you were one of the good guys.
This was news to me. I waited for her to go on.
—Maybe that was why the car caught up to us on the highway. I don’t know. But it seemed like it was. I regretted it by the time I calmed down after you emptied your gun at them and they ran off.
So that was it. I was being led on. The tracking ended when I convinced her to toss the phone.
—Do you think Yesenia thought Terry might be your brother? It wasn't very smart of her if she did, but I suppose they weren’t paying her for smarts.
—She could have, I guess. He shouldn't have come back.
—He ended up dead because he did.
I didn't bring up Yesenia's death in the storage unit. Bobbie would discover she'd have a hard enough time without me stepping in it on her behalf. She kept looking at me, and looking away. It was as though she didn't know what might be coming next. To be honest, neither did I.
Half of my demons had been slain when I made the decision that Kara was dead and gone. That there was nothing I could do to avenge it. At least I'd gotten that smart.
—What are we doing?
Still, there was Pilar. I'd not forgotten. Nor would I. Ever.
—I don't know, Bobbie. I'm not done with what happened to my wife on board that charter flight. As far as I'm concerned, it's unsolved.
—And you're going to be the one to solve it.
—That's right. I won't be able to do that from here. I need to be someplace else. If you want to come with me, you can.
I waited, already knowing what her answer would be.
—I can't do that.
—All right. Well, we have a pretty big task ahead of us. We have to get rid of the cash. But first we have to figure out a way to retrieve it when it’s going to be needed.
Bobbie was the one to broach the subject.
—How about fifty-fifty?
—Sounds good. Let's get counting.
We didn't fight. We didn't argue. We counted. And counted. And then we counted some more. By the end of it, we were fed up and glad to be putting in at Lake Charles. It had the banks and the storage units. It meant multiple trips from the yacht to banks and credit unions with their safe deposit boxes. We followed up with small storage units, paid in advance.
By the end of it, Bobbie was having a hard time looking at me. I had a hundred questions. I left them unasked. She’d left me with enough clues over the past week. I knew what was coming.
—I guess this is it. I don’t want you to go. I want you to stay with me.
—I can’t. Not now. Maybe not ever. I have to figure it out on my own. I need to get away. I’m grateful for what you did for me and for Ray. I can never thank you enough.
—You don’t have to keep thanking me. What’s done is done. It worked out.
—I guess so. Jim—
It was all she could do to look at me.
—Bobbie. Wait.
—Goodbye.
Over the years I had too many goodbyes in my life.
—So long.
I desperately wanted more hellos. By the look of it, those hellos weren’t going to be coming from Bobbie.




The Last Goodbye


ONE


Bobbie


I COULDN’T WIN with Jim. It broke my heart, but I had to leave him. I had to leave it all behind. I cried. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't eat. I couldn't stop thinking and agonizing and dreaming and having nightmares. Night after night I woke up again and again in cold sweats, shivering and shaking and sobbing.
I couldn't think of anything else.
And so, when it was time to go, I didn't look back. I couldn't do that, either. Once we separated, I knew I'd be examining my motives. I even considered kicking myself—if I only could. It seemed like the thing for my subconscious to do because of my stupidity.
The sicario's death was making me crazy by the time I smartened up and found a psychologist. I made up a story about a hit-and-run and he seemed to believe me. While I was going for my twice-weekly confessions, I began working on a commercial pilot's license.
At roughly the same time, my conscience and my ability to fly met and I was the proud possessor of a shiny new pilot's license and an ability to kill myself depending on how forgiving my flying mistakes might be.
Maybe I had a death wish.
Next up, I wanted to earn a float endorsement. I promptly boarded a commercial flight to Alaska. By the time I had completed the endorsement, I ended up impressing the company with my abilities. The company followed up with a recommendation for a flying job.
A small charter outfit showed some pity and hired me. They started me off flying out to minnow traps. I emptied the contents, re-set the traps, and flew back with the catch stored in a freshwater tank on board the Cub.
At the end of the day, I reeked of fish, but that’s what showers and laundry were for.
Before long, I used some of the money I rescued from the stash house to purchase a small plane with an improved engine to increase performance. I began by building my business among the chauvinist, macho males that populated the fishing lodges, the bars, and the restaurants.
In due time I found a capable air engineer. He was younger and a little smarter than I liked them. After Jim, he was just what I needed. Or so it seemed.
I turned myself into a damned fine pilot by listening to the wisdom of others far more experienced. I never pushed the weather. With my own plane and business, I was making money. I even had a boyfriend.
We worked well together in the business.
Until we didn't.
He seemed to think sleeping with me entitled him to a fair share of the profits and a business and a plane in which he hadn’t invested dime one. Never mind that I'd been paying him for his work.
Maybe he thought I was paying him to sleep with me while he worked on my plane for free. I let it slide. I was happy.
Until I wasn't.
I always tried to mind my own business. I don't know how it came about, but when it happened, it shocked the hell out of me. I heard rumors, of course. And I knew a couple of pilots who took the chance with their employers’ planes. People were always looking to take advantage of someone else's success.
One day I found myself approached by two men, strangers both, keen to talk me into flying booze into northern communities. I said no to that. Next it was drugs. I said no to that, too, until I caught my partner stashing what I discovered to be drugs in the float compartments.
I guess there wasn't room for a six-pack.
Which was all the more reason I ended up jolted back into someone else’s reality when I opened and read the email.
When it feels like it’s time to go, it usually is.
I began packing—not that I had a whole lot to put away. My boyfriend caught me out trying to slip off before daylight. The same two who offered me the opportunity to be an airborne drug runner dragged me off into the bush. They tied me to a tree while they insisted on painting me pictures of how it would go.
I wasn’t stupid. I suspected the boyfriend had something to do with it.
So I agreed. Why wouldn’t I see the light? Why threaten my life and my livelihood by refusing to fly drug runs into small, isolated communities? Many had no road access until winter set in.
When the men finished with me, I was beat, not only physically, but mentally. I struggled to make it through the deep snow back to the trailer. I collapsed on the floor. Half frozen. Disoriented.
When I came around and thawed out, I realized I needed to be gone. Far away gone. Before the worst results of the beating set in, I struggled to pack the duffel with enough winter gear to survive in the cold if my plane went down. I threw in enough of the boyfriend's prescription pain killers to sedate a moose.
I swallowed a few, too.
The beating had convinced me it was long past time to be leaving the far north for warmer climes.
I still had some common sense, if nothing else.


Burned out. Worn out. Exhausted. Fed up. I needed something. I didn't know what. Or where. Or who. The only thing I wasn't, was broke. It took a while. It took mail. And courier. Suitcases. Overnight bags. Multiple trips. Rental cars. Motorcycle trips. I did it all.
If I drove or rode, I made sure I switched out the border crossings often enough that I didn't draw suspicion. They were all linked by computer. It was a chance I took. Rarely would I encounter the same guard twice. If I did, and if I remembered, I made a point of mentioning that I didn't learn the first time, as in bad food, bad women, and bad hombres.
I would push the sunglasses higher on my forehead and look the border guard straight on. Right in the eyes. While I pretended to fish for my passport, I'd shake my head, all the while complaining about a bad stomach or bathroom breaks or food and water and women. I'd get a knowing grin. A head nodding in agreement.
Finally, a wave through after a cursory scan of the passport.
Never did I get pulled over.
Eventually, over time and chance and circumstance, I became a currency smuggler. I got most of the cash Kara stashed in Cabo out of the country. It made me feel like I was smuggling drugs. I left a lot behind, in case I ever needed a vacation.
At least, that was my story. I decided to stick with it.


I paid cash for another old beater. The heater barely worked. Air was a rolled-down window. Bobbie would be proud. I didn't stop until I hit Michigan. I angled a job interview as a live-in estate watchman for some rich guy and his family while they were away in Europe or South America or Africa.
It didn't hurt that I was a former cop. Following a reference check, I moved in. Dude left behind a book bigger than a bible on how to run the place.
I settled in to walk morning, noon, and night. I discovered a jazz bar, a coffee shop, a pastry place. Nurses, too, from the nearby hospital. I found a library with friendly librarians to help me with research.
A pretty research assistant didn't hurt. I offered to pay her, but she refused, so instead I let her sleep in my bed from time to time. Sometimes, I ended up in her bed.
In six months, with a lot of help and a lot of searching and reading old newspapers and studying, I found everything I needed. I discovered a paper trail pointing toward dissidents living and working in Miami. They brought down Pilar’s plane. Some were known to harbor a serious grudge with the country they'd been permitted to live in.
None in the group was happy with the country's recently adopted position on the state of affairs with Cuba. The group's members wanted nothing to do with warming relations with the island’s dictatorship. Loosening of travel restriction after decades of forced isolation didn’t help.
They demonstrated and waved flags and screamed and yelled ineffectively against the government’s latest stand on Cuban relations. They stupidly condemned America for its revamped position that travel should be allowed. Local politicians went along for the ride.
How a tiny cork bobbing in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico could have such an effect on a nation as large as America and the Cuban refugees we took in never ceased to amaze. For decades, we had embargoed Cuba. It continued to thrive, albeit with dependence on communist-leaning nations. Now, suddenly, America had awakened to the prospect that the fifty-year-old position was outdated.
The group had blown up a few mailboxes. The guilty parties had been jailed, thanks to infiltration by one or another three-letter failures: DHS, TSA, FBI. Customs and Immigration. It was never made clear. I read what reports I could find about what had brought down Pilar’s charter aircraft en route to the resort hotel.
There wasn’t a lot. Much of the proceedings had been behind closed doors with limited or no press access. Not surprising, given the political strength of the local dissidents.
And then, Bingo. I had my answer.
Pilar’s killer disapproved of the latest attempts at a growing positive relationship with Cuba. It took a while to sink it. That a Cuban dissident had planted a bomb on board the small plane had never been investigated. The likelihood that the investigation might lead to Cuban nationals based in Florida was never investigated. Too many voters might have made erroneous conclusions about their government.
Rather than risk voter revolution, all investigations had been dead-ended and halted. On whose orders I had yet to learn.
Further still, I learned seaplane bases weren't subject to the same security scrutiny as airports. I was convinced that a dissident had planted the bomb on board Pilar's flight to force the government into delaying or canceling its developing rapport with the government of the island nation ninety miles to the south.
Finally, I had my answers. Perhaps not all of them. But at least I had answers that began making sense.


Had I not been so consumed, it would have happened a lot sooner. A real estate agent with a pipeline to Canada, that is.
It took her months to find the right place. That was probably because we ended up sleeping together. Neither of us turned out to be in much of a rush to not sleep together. The relationship helped take the edge off of what I was in the process of discovering.
Eventually, I decided on an isolated cabin in the Canadian woods, mostly because it was turning out to be too easy to continue the way I had been. That, and I discovered my realtor’s growing sense of ennui with our relationship. Obviously, she started it to ensure a quick sale. I turned out not to be so quick off the mark.
She was fun and made me laugh, and we spent money on each other. Which, come to think of it, was probably an excellent reason to move on.
The agency made it easy to pay in cash on the U.S. side of the border. I made it easy by declaring a bit of cash when I crossed. No problem. All signed, sealed, and stamped. By the time I parted company with the friendly agent, I was the brand new owner of a home in the middle of nowhere.
Bobcaygeon.
It wasn't even nowhere. It was worse than that. Cedar Lake. A thin sliver of a shallow lake running roughly north-south. Not much wave action. A corduroy road over the swamps made sure only the hardy would attempt to learn where the road ended.
I outfitted the site with a generator to supplement the solar panels the previous owner installed. I considered adding a small windmill, but nixed the idea after spending a bit of time on-site. The winds weren't so strong as I hoped.
Settled, isolated, and alone, I set out to put the facts of Pilar’s death together. During my research phase, I had gathered enough material to keep me busy reviewing and organizing for at least several months. I didn't want to wear out my welcome in my new abode. Nor did I want to experience a cold and snowy Canadian winter alone in the bush.
When I tired of paperwork, I chopped wood and repaired the corduroy road. I bumped up and down on the restored trail to the main highway into a small, isolated town once or twice a month for supplies and a visit to a café with wireless.
I never lingered. I beat a hasty retreat to the cabin. No one asked. I didn't care. I liked it that way.
The living was easy.


Slowly, I began getting back into shape. The wood chopping, the runs to the main road and back, the swimming, all helped to wear away the paunch that good living encouraged. Bobbie would be pleased with the disappearing muffin top she teased me about when we first met.
I tried not to think about her. It helped that I had a homestead to build. When night came, I fell into bed too exhausted to think of anything but what had to be done the following day.
I split my time between construction projects and working on discovering who caused Pilar’s death. By mid-summer, I had the walls covered with maps and charts and characters and rap sheets. By mid-August, I had everything planned. I spent another month going over it all. Checking. Verifying. Checking again.
I wasn't wrong. I couldn't be.
It was all hanging on the wall, in black and white and color. Ready.
I was, too.
I took a break and, for the hell of it, drove a long way to a town with a library and a computer desk. I checked my email and got caught up. I visited web sites and checked out photos of a proud, smiling woman in winter gear standing beside a small single-engine plane on wheel-skis.
Sure enough.
Bobbie had traveled to Alaska. She got her pilot's license and a job flying for a small charter outfit. It sounded mostly like she trapped minnows and hauled them to the bait shops in the back of the plane she'd bought for herself.
During the off season, she chartered for hunters and loggers and ran emergency flights into isolated communities for those sick wanting to get medical attention in a major center.
I took a chance and sent her the lat and long of the place. I didn't say anything else. I figured if she wanted to, she would show up on her own. My name was a part of the email address. She’d have to be blind not to figure it out.
I didn't hold out much hope for anything more than that. Why would I? At the end of it all, Bobbie and I parted on good terms. There was nothing more than that.
I was so certain that I completely put it out of my mind. I never went back to check for more email. As much as I cared for the woman, she had her own life to live. She already made it more than plain in Lake Charles that it didn't include spending time with me.
The second thing I accomplished was a final read-through of the report I prepared on why, who, and how the destruction of Pilar's return flight to the resort was started. I called in every favor I had left in the world and some I didn't. There weren't many. Most of them were from people in police departments I worked with in previous lives.
I named names. I named acronyms. I enclosed CCTV copies of video of a male seen placing something into a piece of luggage before loading it onto a charter flight. It was the same flight that Pillar ended up boarding.
I included the bullshit reports that deflected attention from the group that caused the explosion.
Just for spite, I made three more copies. I debated over a cup of coffee in a small diner in the middle of the Canadian wilderness. I passed that copy on to a major paper in D.C. It had just been bought out by another hardass. I didn't think anything would result from that rash decision, though.
And so I prepared to move back to the southern states for the real, live Canadian winter I didn’t want any part of.




TWO


Bobbie


I HAD AN ACE in my pocket. It was the email I received and printed out and carefully tucked away. I looked at it only days before. It comprised two short and lonely lines of letters and numbers. I recognized them for what they were. I didn't send a response. There was no need. Until now, and there was no computer terminal I could crawl to on my belly.
The snow dump days before and the colder weather hadn’t closed the lake with ice. My pride and joy was fueled and ready to go. The floats had been pumped in the early morning before my first flight. I did the DI then, too. I had charts. I had a functioning GPS. The biggest obstacle was going to be the snow-covered mountains to the south.
Struggling and in unbearable pain all the way, I crawled, inching my way to the dock on my hands and knees. My bag dragged behind. I grunted and reached and untied. I climbed aboard huffing and puffing and groaning every inch of the way. I agonized over pulling the duffel on board.
The Cub began drifting away from the dock. I searched through my small bag for the painkillers I took from the cabin. Not wanting to delay further, I started the Cub, dropped the water rudders, and steered with my knees and feet to taxi into the breakwater.
I choked down the painkillers, adjusted the mixture and firewalled the throttle. I waited patiently for speed to build. I worked my magic on the stick until the floats climbed onto the step. I became airborne moments later.
There was plenty of snow in the mountain passes. At altitude, it was cold in the small Cub. I gathered up what I could of warmer clothes and a blanket and sleeping bag. Thankfully, the painkillers hauled ass by then. Even so, I was aching and exhausted.
To say it was a tortured flight into the unknown of a foreign country would be the least of my problems. I landed and slept when I felt like it. I didn't fly at night, even with the GPS. Single-engine VFR along mountain passes on the way into northern Alberta wasn't the place to be in the dark.
Stops for fuel were the biggest problem. By the second day, I was so stiff I could barely move. Painkillers didn’t help. Sometimes a stray wharf rat would take pity on me and pump the floats when I asked.
He’d fuel the Cub while casting a wary eye in my direction. I always handed over a wad of cash, hoping for silence with any authorities that might come calling to ask about a beat-up woman flying cross-border without a flight plan.
My last overnight ended up with the plane parked on a lake somewhere in Northern Ontario. I awoke with pain like I never felt before in my life. The previous days had been no picnic, but now it was so much worse. I checked the painkillers. Two days, max.
I popped two, made the sign of the cross, and fired up the Cub. There was nowhere to go but the destination marked by the GPS. I took off for what I hoped would be the last time.
If I was lucky, my demons would be behind me. What I needed to do now was to heal my physical self.
Just maybe I’d find the man I loved in the process.


The road into my paradise consisted of a number of corduroy sections over low, swampy ground. Noise and a cloud of oily blue exhaust from the chainsaw proved more acceptable than the manual labor I’d have to do with an axe.
I took my time, realizing that I couldn't do it all at once. Besides, there was no rush. This year, or next. It didn’t matter. I had six months at a time to make the place even more habitable than when I bought it.
I never came up in the winter.
Thus it was one summer, towards the end of June, when the sound of a light airplane drew me out into the warmth of the early morning sun rising over the forest of trees. I shaded my eyes and squinted, scanning what little horizon I could, surrounded as I was by deep Canadian bush.
Nothing. I waited for the sound to diminish.
It didn’t.
Eventually, the small, float-equipped two-seater cruised slowly into view. The pilot throttled back the Piper Cub and made a slow pass, flying in front of the cabin in parallel with the small lake. He had to be checking for shoals and submerged logs and whether the craft would be able to clear the trees on departure if he chose to land.
The power came back on and the wings leveled. The downwind leg began and he turned onto base and then final.
Again the throttle came off and the Cub drifted leisurely just above stall in a glassy water landing. The craft settled slowly onto the mirror-smooth surface.
The pilot pulled back on the stick. The plane settled on the water. The nose of the floats angled up out of the water and mushed back down, allowing speed to bleed off as the wings stalled out. Well before the narrows, he had the craft turned and was taxiing towards my small dock.
I ambled down to see what was developing. It turned out, not too much. When the engine stopped, I waited until the nose of the floats bumped the dock. Whoever was doing the flying knew what they were doing. Water rudders came up. I dropped a tire and turned the plane. I secured the back of a float to the dock and waited.
The bottom half of the door swung down.
I couldn't get a good look at the pilot. A cap, dark sunglasses, and a tweed shirt over cargo pants tucked into bush boots hid him too well. Concern mounted. I hadn't prepared for trouble.
Why would I?
No one knew I was here.




THREE


Bobbie


I HAD NO IDEA how long I had been airborne. Too many hours, probably. The last of the painkillers was wearing off, and I was fast descending into a maelstrom of hurt and agony and more pain. To add insult to injury, I was about at the end of my fuel.
Nervous, I checked my course against the GPS. I was still on target for a noon arrival. There was no civilization to port or starboard for hour after hour. Nothing but endless lakes and swamps and rivers, all surrounded by green. Plenty of lakes.
I wiped cold perspiration from my brow, swatted at the tears streaming down my face, and resigned myself to running low on fuel before I made my spot. I would be forced to land. GPS coordinates be damned.
A wisp of white smoke rising over the trees at twelve o'clock signaled civilization. I checked port and starboard. Still only green trees and lakes. Most now were too small for landing.
I punched a button on the GPS. It showed I was receiving all the satellites. The wisp of smoke grew closer.
I came in low, the Cub’s engine roaring, on a wingover off to the side of the small lake. My inspection run said the lake looked good for a landing. The water was clear, too. No sandbars. No submerged logs. Long enough for a landing. More important, it appeared to be just the right length for a takeoff if I had the wrong spot locked into the GPS.
I made a stab at blinking away the drug-induced, cold-sweat perspiration running down my forehead into my eyes. I swiped one more time at the tears streaming down my face.
Lined up on final, I reduced throttle just enough and powered onto the glassy water. I eased back on the stick to raise the nose of the floats in a braking action. The Cub mushed onto the water with a minimum of landing run.
Fate. Luck. Prayer. Whatever it was. I was here. I checked the GPS a final time. According to the coordinates, I was in the right place. I taxied towards a small clearing on the shoreline.
A dock and a log cabin came into view. It turned into more than a cabin as I drifted closer. It resembled a small lodge.
I shut down and waited for the nose of the floats to bump the crude wooden dock. I pulled up and secured the water rudders. Someone grabbed the tail and positioned the Cub nose-out.
I made a stab at wiping away the tears a final time. I didn’t do so good. I popped open the door halves and stepped onto the float. I almost slipped into the water. A voice called out. I threw my cap and sunglasses into the plane. I knew I was a sight for sore eyes. I hoped the eyes I was counting on weren't so sore as mine.
My heart could have skipped more than a few beats as I struggled through the growing pain to make my way onto the dock. It was pounding in my chest far too hard.
It was all I could do to breathe.


A huge black and bloodshot eye revealed itself. So did a bruised cheek. All partially hidden by long, dark hair. I couldn't begin to guess what the rest of her might look like beneath the baggy clothes.
—Would you like some ice to go with that?
—If you have a tub of it, I'll climb in. You’ll have to help me get there. If you don’t mind, that is.
Bobbie held out her hand and collapsed to her knees accompanied by a loud groan. She almost slipped off the float into the lake. I made a grab for her and eased her in the cabin's direction. At the door, I picked her up. A loud groan warned me I shouldn't be trying so hard. I moved to set her down.
—No. Don't. Maybe I can stay for a while. I always did feel safe with you.
Exhausted and weak, Bobbie aimed a feeble kick at the door. I carried her the rest of the way into our cabin.
I helped her undress. Shocked by what I witnessed, I couldn’t speak. It was all I could do to take in what I was seeing. There was hardly a square inch of her upper body that wasn’t covered in bruises and cuts. Her thighs were black and blue.
—You can’t stay here, Bobbie.
She went even paler than she was before I got her clothes off. Her eyes rolled up and I thought she was going to pass out.
—Please, Jim. You’re—
Bobbie began sobbing uncontrollably.
—I can’t let you stay here for even a single hour looking the way you do. You’re too beat up. I’m getting you to a hospital.
—There is a god. I thought you were going to force me to leave.
I couldn't allow myself to keep her at the cabin.
—I am going to make you leave. I’m going to force you into my four-by-four.
Don't ask me how, but I argued and cajoled the stubborn woman into the back seat. I laid her back on a collection of pillows and blankets. I propped her up to prepare for the long, rough ride to the main road and the hospital.
—You only want me in the back to seduce me.
She regarded me sheepishly. Her weak smile convinced me I was doing the right thing. In fact, it was the only thing I could do once I got a look at her.
—How the hell did you get here from Alaska?
—Illegal painkillers, mostly.
—Remind me not to fly with you for a while, all right?
I closed the door and listened to her moaning and groaning as I proceeded not so carefully down the road.
—You should have been here when I was cutting the logs to make this road. You'd have been proud of me. I worked off that paunch you made fun of when we first met.
All she could do was groan louder.
—We're on a road? Hell of a job you did.
Same old Bobbie, even if she was damaged goods. I hauled her sweet but extremely bruised ass to the hospital without doing any more damage. She made a feeble attempt to discourage the medics from loading her onto the gurney.
—I'm not some nobody headed to the morgue. I want to walk in under my own steam.
The EMTs glanced at me, rolled their eyes, and told her to shut up and take her medicine. That forced her onto the gurney. She stopped talking just long enough to grin past the pain.
—I'm tired of taking my own meds. I've been doing it for three thousand miles.
They looked at me. Heads shook in amazement that she’d made it as far as she had. I didn’t tell them she flew in.
—Yeah. I know. She's always been that way. I knew it even before she fell in love with me.
—Jim—
—Yes dear?
—Don't be telling these cute boys all our secrets, okay?
I followed behind the gurney on its way to emergency. With no health card in a country with government-supported medical care, I wasn't sure how she'd be treated. Or even if they would treat her.
I needn't have worried.
Once the doctor got a look, he admitted Bobbie in a hurry. I insisted her records had been delayed by the fires out west in Alberta. I told them the file was in the mail and would be along shortly. I promised to bring it in as soon as I could.
All my promises notwithstanding, I think they knew I was lying my ass off. Bobbie was in such awful shape that without her self-administered meds, she was beginning to groan. I think that was mostly why she was admitted.
I settled in for a long wait, drinking terrible coffee and dozing fitfully off and on. Eventually a doctor found me in the waiting room.
—She says you're a relative.
—By all means. I'm her older brother.
He didn't believe me for a minute.
—If I didn't know better, I'd say she's been tortured. You wouldn't have anything to do with that, would you?
—Do you think I'd still be here if I did?
—Probably not. She's going to be in a lot of pain. She's taken quite a beating. Part of the problem is the pain meds she's been taking on her own. We have to let her come down and dry out before we can do much more than a CAT scan and take a couple of x-rays. Fortunately, she's young. She'll recover with nary a scar. Well, no more than the ones she already has.
—Thanks, doc. I'm worried sick about her.
—She's been asking for you. I told her I needed to talk to you first. About those medical records. Don't worry about them. By the time they get here, she'll be gone. In the meantime, see if you can convince her to stay at least for four or five days. We have to know if there's any clotting to be concerned about.
—She'll be staying here if I have to set up a cot in her room.
—That probably wouldn't be a bad idea. You can help her in and out of bed. From what I can tell, she'll piss off the nurses in about a day, if it takes that long. Not a good idea.
—Gotcha, doc. She's a real ball of fire.
—Yeah. And you're not her brother, either.
—Maybe not. But I'm the closest thing she has right now, and it's important to me that she knows it.
He nodded, as though in agreement.
—210. Down the hall and to your right. I'll check in later.
Against the white of the hospital sheets, Bobbie looked even more a mess. She dragged them up to cover everything but her bruised face.
—No sense hiding. I've already seen all there is to see of you. Front and back.
—Oh god. You didn't.
—Self-prescribed painkillers are a hell of a deal, aren't they? You'd have done anything I asked. Are you going to tell me how you flew that thing from Alaska, or do I have to figure it out for myself?
—Jim—
I cut her off for the second time.
—I can't wait to see you healed and fresh and pink and white in all the right places, back and front.
Bobbie blushed. The nurse behind me tsked-tsked. I hadn’t heard her follow me into the room.
—That's no way to speak about your sister.
It was my turn to blush.
—Jim. You didn't. Nurse, he's my lover, not my brother. Let's get at least that one thing straight right away, okay?
Bobbie's eyes fluttered closed and she slipped into the oblivion of sleep. I bugged out and rounded up a cot and a sleeping bag. I didn't want her waking up all alone in the room. She didn't mind the flowers I brought, either.
—Who’s paying the rent, partner? I escaped with nary a dime to spare.
—Don’t worry about it. You can owe me. And I plan on collecting.
I helped her out of bed and walked with her around the ward. The male patients were happy to see her passing by. They smiled and waved every time. Bobbie smiled and waved back.
—These people are so friendly, aren't they?
I couldn’t hide the shit-eating grin, but I tried.
—What? What is it?
—I think it's because your fine, pink little ass is in the breeze beneath the hospital gown.
She turned to make a desultory attempt at checking out her own ass. She was too stiff and sore to get a good look. Instead, she gathered the open-backed hospital gown and pulled it tight.
—You bastard. I'll get you for this.
—You made a lot of old men happy. You should be proud.
—And you should be ashamed.
—What? Why would I be ashamed of your ass? Are you?
—Well, no.
—It's all good then. Even your ass.
She clenched a fist and drove me a good one in the shoulder and I knew she was on the way to healing just fine.
By day four, it was all I could do to convince her to stay one more night. Come morning of day five, she was dressed and waiting for the coffee and breakfast burrito. She wolfed it down like she always did, even when she didn't need it.
—Strange, isn't it? These things are a staple the world over.
—Good to know, sunshine. You won't be complaining about my cooking then, will you? I think the nurses are lined up at the exit. They're waiting to shower you with confetti and rocks.
Somehow, I convinced her to climb into the wheelchair for the ride in the elevator. The hospital wasn't so big that a couple of the nurses weren't waiting. They joined two of the old men from Bobbie's floor who were more than a little sad and wistful to see her ass departing.
—See what I mean? You've still got it.
—You say that to all the girls.
—No I don’t. Only to this one girl I know.




FOUR


BOBBIE’S BADLY BEATEN and bruised body repaired itself, no thanks to her stubborn resilience and a foreign country’s medical care. I knew she was well on her way to recovery when she gave me a good one in the shoulder for allowing her to walk around the small local hospital with her ass hanging out of her hospital gown.
I only considered it my daily good deed. After all, it helped raise the spirits of the men on the ward to a new level. Every time she walked past an open door, she was greeted enthusiastically. All the smiles and waves made her feel good, too.
It was definitely a win-win for everyone.
The honeymoon had to come to an end, of course. Following the warm, welcoming summer, a cold, snowy Canadian winter was about to descend with a vengeance. I started making preparations to shut down the cabin. Bobbie prepped her small plane to spend another winter in a cold climate.
She gave me directions on how to construct a tripod using rope and trees. I helped her dig a ditch for the floats. We used a block and tackle to lift the plane. We ended up lowering it on logs laid across the ditches.
We spent a lot of time talking about how we’d handle the questioning at the land border. When that went without incident for both of us, I made certain she took a taxi to the airport well in advance of my arrival at Detroit Metropolitan.
I dispatched more packages filled with research to the newspapers. I hoped that they’d get approval to do a story since nothing happened the first time.
Like I said, I hoped, but I doubted, too.
More than likely, the packages had been sent on. Once the conclusions had been read, if nothing else, I would be put on watch lists. Not enough to get me banned from flying. Just enough to let me know I was being tracked.
In any case, I had to have struck a chord when the TSA handler at Metro insisted I proceed to a room for further inspection. I requested a supervisor. Two showed up, with the FBI suits in tow. The only thing missing was Mulder’s dark glasses.
That, and the fact that I had nothing to do with UFOs.
The FBI had a lot of questions. Most were related to information contained in the reports I submitted to newspapers, where I hoped to get some appreciation and follow-up. My report into the plane crash was meticulously detailed, and I ended by naming the perpetrator.
Alas, I was finding out first-hand that nothing would happen.
So much for a free and unencumbered press post-9/11. It had turned into toadies, note-takers told by unnamed or anonymous sources what to write. With that in mind, I couched my responses as delicately as I could. It was good enough. I made the flight, but only barely.
If nothing else, I learned I wouldn’t be able to travel freely and anonymously by staying on the grid. Call me stupid, but I try not to make the same mistakes more than a few times before I learn.
My flight arrived in Miami on time. In arrivals I picked up a hotel house phone and pretended to talk while I looked around. There were too many people to begin to get a handle on whether I was being tailed.
At the last minute, I jumped aboard a random hotel bus headed downtown. I made sure the door closed behind me. I got off and walked into the high-class hotel. Just as fast, I hurried through the lobby on my way to the back door.
Down the street, I hailed a cab. I checked for vehicles that might be tailing me. There were too many cars to know for certain. I asked about fleabag hotels, and the driver came up with a couple. I made sure he dropped me in between and waited until he left before making my way.
I looked up some old contacts in Miami and discussed my need for counterfeit IDs for two and a sense of accomplishment. I handed over our photos. The new IDs took a week. The feeling of accomplishment took over when I ended up a new man with a new name. I made up some back-story history to go with it, and then checked out of the fleabag.
Jim Nash disappeared—but only temporarily.
Next on my agenda were a couple of burn phones. I threw them into my bag and went in search of used car lots with a love of cash and a beater with air.
Bobbie would be proud.
If you’re going to play the game, you have to jump in with arms and feet flailing. Perhaps I should have used the time up north to teach myself to swim in my own private hell after all.
A full gas tank and a gas-station burrito later, I headed out to hook up with Bobbie at our prearranged no-tell motel.


The retro motel Bobbie holed up in didn’t look so seedy after all. The older building was renovated by owners intent on capturing the look as it was constructed back in the 60s. A colorful exterior and flashing neon must have been meticulously matched to an early postcard picture.
I didn’t bother checking in. Instead, I left my bags in the car. I knew Bobbie too well. I followed the arrow pointing to the pool out back. I paused at the building’s edge and squinted into the sun.
Bobbie looked pretty good in the bikini and sarong she had to have paid top dollar for. If I knew her at all, I figured her for two or three more tucked neatly into her bag. Evidence of the beating she took was long gone.
The audience of laughing teenage boys scattered when I approached. All but one ended up belly-flopping into the pool on purpose. Water splashed onto my shoes and pants. The one holding back was older. More sure of himself.
He gave off an aura of one who was accustomed to women coming out of his ass. There was one woman by the pool. She didn’t look like she was coming out of his ass, but she was definitely interested. It wasn’t my first day at a pool to recognize that.
Whatever it was Bobbie said to get them laughing was lost to the sound of splashing. She must have wondered why the laughing and flirting stopped so suddenly. She turned and looked up behind dark glasses. Her forehead wrinkled under the beach hat’s floppy brim when she recognized me.
—You know how to ruin a good party. You’ll be the talk of the crowd as soon as you turn your back.
I looked out over the pool at the youngsters in the water. There couldn’t have been one over twenty. And they weren’t waiting until I turned my back. Dirty looks were definitely floating my way.
—It can’t be spring break. Your college boys are sober.
Bobbie collected her bag and joined me on the walk past the ice machine to the small office.
—It’s nice not to have to reach in and load up for you.
She ignored me. Nothing new there.
—I spent the last week fending off boys who wanted me to buy beer. Once they figured out I wouldn’t be doing that, they started showing off. At first I kind of liked it. Now it’s tiring. Get me the hell out of here, please.
I pretended I was interested and nodded my head.
—Then this older one shows up. It looks like he’s the one buying the beer for them. Jim-
This was no time for poolside gossip. I got right to the point.
—I got pulled out of the line in Detroit. They knew I was coming. I ended up in my personal interview room courtesy of the TSA and the FBI. As far as I know, they followed me on the flight into Miami.
—What are we going to do now?
—I'm late because I stopped off for a week while I waited for a shady acquaintance to prepare a package. I got one for you, too, thanks to the head shots.
—So what you’re telling me is that we’re strangers to one another all over again. I’m going to have to think about this. When it starts raining can you drop me at a gas bar?
—Very funny. I’m not checking in. I think we need to find another no-tell and shack up under our new names.
—Damn you and your friends. I was just getting used to my pool buddies.
—Don’t be such a Miss Negative. I picked up a car with air this time.
—Yeah, but does it do the job? I remember how you like to work your budget.
I handed Bobbie her half of the burn phones, already programmed with numbers. She was such an old hand by now that she didn’t even ask. We dumped her car at a hospital lot and headed for the strip. By now we were so accustomed to one another that it was more like old home week than a search for a killer.
—While I waited, I was able to track down a couple of swamp boat operators. I don’t know if they’ll be any good. The kids at the pool wanted to take me out on a tour of the swamps—
—It was the bikini, wasn’t it?
—Maybe. But there’s this one—
I sent her some of the side eye I was so accustomed to getting from her.
—It’s none of my business. I don’t want to know.
—Jim. Don’t be an ass.
She slammed me in the shoulder with a good one. I figured I deserved it.
—Remember the older boy clinging to me?
—You mean the one you were all google-eyed over?
I got the look anyway, even though I didn’t deserve it. She was definitely all eyes for him when she didn’t see me looking.
—Yeah. That one. You’ll never guess what his name is.
I waited, wondering how many ways I’d be disappointed.
—Yup. Nicolas junior.
The woman had horseshoes falling out of her ass. Fortunately, it was an ass so fresh and firm it didn’t leave any lumps. It was going to take time to digest this new information. A lot of time. Because it couldn’t be. Could it?
—While I was waiting in Miami, I had plenty of time to scope out the seaplane base. It has a flight school. There’s a glider training facility as well. I didn’t spot the old man, but I wasn’t really looking for him. I only looked around the facilities.
—It sounds like we can find reasons to be there, don’t you think?
—I do. And we do. Now let’s get the shit-show on the road before your pool buddies out back decide they want to take me out of your life. And by the way—
—Yes?
—You look pretty good in that bikini.
A warm smile rewarded me.
—I missed you. And I should look good. You helped me pick out three of them, remember?
Women and clothes. I didn’t remember. But then, what man would?
—Of course I remember.


I needed to be sure Bobbie understood why I was late for our meet up.
—I called in a favor and asked an old friend to find out anything he could about this Nicolas character. It seems he has quite a rap sheet. He’s not only involved in the anti-Cuba movement. He’s a petty thief and a con man, too.
And Bobbie was right. He did have a son.
—Were you able to come up with an address?
—That I did. In fact, he’s not so far from here. What do you say to a drive-by?
I tossed her the keys.
—I might be too noticeable if the house is under surveillance. They could be keeping an eye out for me.
She looked at me warily.
—Do you think?
—I think anything is possible. Since they don’t seem to have ID’d you so far, you’re it.
It took fifteen minutes to get to the house. I used the time to talk to Bobbie about an empty office space I had walked by while killing time in Miami.
—It’s in a great location. Retro building. Refurbished on the outside. Second and third floors. I only checked from the sidewalk, but it looks like it has windows on both corners. Lots of light in that case.
She might have been pretending to ignore me. I couldn’t tell.
—I talked to someone who lives in the building. It’s well kept up. Refurbished on the inside, too. No shady characters hanging out. The landlord takes good care of it. The girl said—
Bobbie’s ears perked up, and I knew right away it was the wrong thing to say. It was always over the last thing I said.
—Girl? What girl?
Why did the woman have to choose just that moment to begin paying attention? She had all the boys hanging off of her by the pool, but I couldn’t talk to a woman in the middle of the street.
—Andrea. She lives in the building. Or next door. I don’t remember. I bumped into her while I was taking a look. I asked about the place.
I was saved by our arrival at the house. I ducked down to let Bobbie do her thing.
—Do you see anyone that looks like they’re keeping an eye out?
Her head swiveled.
—No. The house has a for sale sign on the lawn. What do you say I get out and take a picture for old time’s sake? It could be useful if we need to have a look. All it would take would be a call to the realtor.
—That’s a good idea.
She gave me the look.
—And maybe you know her.
Damn the woman. She had to get back at me. When we were up north, I told her about how I searched for the cabin in the Canadian wilderness. I figured it was her way of getting even for my comments about the teenagers crowding her at the pool.
—Are you sure it’s a woman?
She looked at me like I was some kind of dimwit. The woman’s picture was plain as day on the sign. I was going to have to start paying attention.
—Well then, what are you waiting for? I can’t take the picture from back here.
She tossed her phone at me.
—Why don’t you call while I’m checking the place out? If we can get a tour, we might learn something. If Nicolas senior finds out about us and decides to move out of state while we’re still positioning, it could mean a much longer time line.
Bobbie was right. I got on the phone intending to make an appointment.
—You’re coming with me.
—You’re darned right I am. I heard all about how you treat real estate people.
The agent turned out to be talkative. She told me the family was going through a breakup. The husband worked at the local airport and would be moving to a small apartment nearby. He hoped for a quick sale.
Bobbie looked over the seatback.
—No. We are not buying it. When I’m done with this, I don’t plan on returning. Neither of us will want to live anywhere near here.
Was she talking about Nick’s place, or the office space in Miami I told her about? I liked the Miami area now that I’d seen a little of it. If I was going to start a business, it would be the place.
—I think you’re going to have to take that tour after all. I need to know if there’s an alarm system in the house.
—I didn’t see anything. What do the photos show?
I flipped through the pics and zoomed. I couldn’t see anything resembling an alarm sign in any of the windows.
—Even so. You need to do it.
—You’re not coming?
—No thanks. I’ve had my fill of real estate agents, thank you very much.
—I’m pretty certain she must have had her fill of her client, too.
—Bobbie—
—Yes?
—I’ll spank you.
Not so innocent dark eyes went all wide.
—You planning on marking your spot, or what?
—The way you were letting those boys crowd you, it might be a good idea.
She gave me a dirty look for my trouble, but she had already marked my spot with the butterfly tattoo on her hip. The one time I kissed her in that exact place I raised so many goosebumps I thought she was going to shed her skin.
Instead, she got the tattoo to mark my spot.
—Didn’t you already do something like that?
She sighed, and I was happy. For now.




FIVE


BOBBIE DROPPED ME at the motel, and I waited for her to return from the house inspection. It was a simple job, one she needed to do on her own. I didn’t want to give myself away by having Nicolas senior recognize me in any future dealings we might have. It would warn him and maybe scare him away. Besides, she was getting antsy. It gave her a chance to play dress-up.
The woman returned so high on life that I offered to take her to a fancy restaurant as a reward. I didn’t use the word reward, though. She showered and dressed and slapped my hands away about a dozen times.
I plied her with wine and made her laugh and by the time we were ready to head back to the room, she was sitting so close in the circular booth that her head was on my shoulder. We strolled to the room, holding hands and bumping hips and stopping to kiss. I ended the evening by picking her up and carrying her through the door to our room.
—Have you put on weight?
Too late I realized my mistake. As penance, I bit my tongue so hard I almost tasted blood.
—Way to ruin a nice romantic evening. Now come to bed before you ruin that, too.
I set Bobbie down and took a rap on the back of the head for good measure. She screamed and I went down as far as my knees. A second blow made sure I went to sleep on the floor. When I came around, the room was dark. Bobbie was gone.
It was turning out to be just like old times.
I worked myself into a standing position before sinking into a chair and collapsing again. When the dizzy spells stopped, I headed for the front desk and the clerk. According to him, no one had made any inquiries. The man working the desk had come on less than an hour ago. He hadn’t been there long enough to register anything.
Should I go to the police, or keep it in the family? For sure I was at a disadvantage. I knew no one but for where Nicolas lived. It couldn’t be possible that someone had taken her to his place. Surely the feds weren’t so stupid as to tell him about us. They weren’t even aware of Bobbie’s relationship with me.
I made for the car while rubbing the lump on the back of my head. Bobbie could learn a thing or two from whoever had sucker-punched me. I headed for the motel and the pool where I first encountered a bikini-clad Bobbie and the friends she had collected.
Loud music greeted me from the back of the motel. Bodies dived and splashed and women screamed in false alarm. Over the fence I recognized the older boy at Bobbie’s earlier party. It was Nicolas junior, and he and Bobbie appeared to have kissed and made up.
It couldn’t be. Could it?
I looked again. Kids, mostly, but for the older Nick. No one else. I hopped the short fence and approached the boy. Bobbie screamed.
—Don’t hurt him, Jim.
I grabbed Nicolas by the scruff of the neck and shoved him into the pool house. Bobbie got another scream out before I closed the door. She grabbed my arm and dragged me away. She had just enough time to explain that she told him I was beating her.
—Jesus, woman. Why didn’t you tell me?
—I figured it would go better if you didn’t know.
Well that was sure as hell true. Or so it seemed now that I knew. Judging by the lump on the back of my head, she sold Nicolas junior lock, stock and barrel.
—What the hell? You’ve got to stop it with these impromptu pool parties, dear. I’m starting to wonder about your intentions.
—Yes, well, if you know what’s good for you, you’ll get me back to our motel and pick up from where you left off before we were so rudely interrupted.


The situation I found myself in was getting stranger and stranger. Bobbie had accidentally rubbed elbows with Nicolas senior’s son at the motel pool. She told him we weren’t happy as a couple, and he somehow managed to find out where I was staying. He cold-cocked me in order to haul her back to his motel.
—How can we use this to our advantage?
We had to find a way. The kid had obviously taken a liking to Bobbie, although his methods of seduction left something to be desired.
—Do you think you can get lover-boy to forgive me for beating you up? Maybe you could convince him we’re breaking up because I’m an abusive male who won’t let you go.
—Are you telling me you have a plan?
—Well, since you put it that way—
She appeared convinced.
—All right. I might as well let you in on something else. While I was eye candy in back of the motel, I kind of let it slip you laid your hands on me from time to time, and not in a good way.
—Was that before, or after you found out who the boy was?
She looked at me like I was a fool. It was a convincing look.
—What do you think?
I held up my hands.
—Okay. I surrender. But this is all new information. I need time to process it, Bobbie.
It might not be a plan yet, but whatever it was, it was taking form. Would it work? I knew for sure the plan needed a lot more thought. And we’d both have to agree to go along for the ride.
Judging by the way she was enjoying Nick junior’s eyes glued to her, it should be a walk in the park.


I happened across a diner close to the motel. We walked for breakfast in the cool Florida morning. It was humid, though, and we were grateful for the relaxed comfort of the air-conditioning and relief from the humidity.
An older woman promptly dropped off coffee and waited while we ordered. Through it all she didn’t appear impatient when we couldn’t decide on tomato or potatoes. She hurried off to grab the coffee pot.
—Did you get a look at her name tag? Mabel. Now where else but in an old diner would you get a kindly, gray-haired waitress with a name like that?
Bobbie slid the old-style coffee mug around on the table. The fat round handle had room for a single finger.
—Where do they come up with these mugs? I’ve never seen anything like it, have you?
Mabel dropped off our orders and went back for the coffee pot.
—If you need anything else, just wave or holler. I’m not far.
I waited until she left.
—Bobbie—
I hesitated.
—I need your help.
Already I could see the wheels turn. There was an uncomfortable silence while she waited for me to go on. She toyed with the food left on her plate. She waved for more coffee. She left for the washroom, and for an instant I wondered if she’d come back. I almost sighed with gratitude when she returned, looking wonderfully refreshed with a bit of lip gloss and the slight scent of a perfume I recognized from our past.
—On one condition and one only.
I didn’t even stop to think.
—Of course. Just name it and it’s yours.
—If I’m pregnant, we’re getting married.
She didn’t take her eyes off of me for an instant. I blinked. I’m sure I went pale as a ghost.
—What?
My hands shook enough to cause ripples to form on the coffee. I set the mug down and hoped Bobbie didn’t notice.
—You heard me. When I was going through your bag back in Texas, I noticed a private eye license in your wallet. That’s one of the reasons I never deserted you when I discovered the knives and the handgun. I figured you for a good guy who knew what you were doing. Tell me I was right about that.
The PI license wasn’t good in Florida, but she didn’t know that. I figured one word would do it for her. After all, she’d used one word to answer me more than a time or two and I’d accepted it.
Grudgingly.
—Yes.
—Yes what?
—Yes what? What do you mean, yes what?
The light went on in my thick male brain.
—Yes I’ll marry you. I’ll marry you even if you’re not pregnant.
A shocked expression briefly crossed her face. When it turned into a smug grin, she was forced to look away.
—I only asked for a yes on the good guy thing, remember?
I opened my mouth and shut it instantly. I knew when I was beat.
—But we’re going to work on that second one. If I’m not pregnant, I might not want to marry you when I find out how much money Nicolas junior is worth.
—He’s the son of a Cuban airport worker. How much can he be worth?
And then I added an afterthought, knowing it had to be impossible.
—Did you run through all that cash already?
I looked at her, waiting, while she cast her gaze out the window.
—That’s for me to know and you to find out.
Bobbie’s admission shocked me. I never considered for a minute she’d want anything more to do with me beyond helping me out after I helped her locate her brother. Who, it turned out, wasn’t really lost when he showed up on board the sloop with her.
Of course she could be pregnant. We hadn’t been counting days or using birth control. In fact, we never discussed it. Typical male that I am, I held the expectation she was on something.
Now I knew she wasn’t. I had a lot to think about. I’d convinced Bobbie to help me with Nicolas junior to get to the old man. I hoped through my ignorance and stupidity that I wasn’t about to place her in a situation that neither of us were capable of handling.
I had to reconsider. My problem now became one of how to talk her out of what I had already convinced her to do.


I waited until I had her back in the room. Learning Bobbie was pregnant— was she, or wasn’t she? She hadn’t confirmed it as far as I was concerned—came as quite a shock. I asked her not to go through with the plan. It was a simple enough request. I was nice about it, too, or so I thought.
—I’m going through with it. You’re not going to talk me out of it. I owe you and I’m going to pay up.
How could I possibly put her in harm’s way now?
—I won’t allow it. I refuse. No way. Never.
She held up a hand and looked at me like I was a fool.
—Are you finished? For your own good, you better be. Now here’s how it’s going to go.
I listened. I wasn’t happy. When she finished, I stormed out of the room without saying a word. In case there was any doubt, I slammed the door and headed off in the car. I only wanted to know if she was really pregnant. I didn’t think it would be a big deal.
When I came back, I handed her the bag.
—What’s this?
Bobbie opened the bag and looked inside.
—You shit. No damned way.
Apparently, it was entirely the wrong thing to do.
—Why not?
—You don’t trust me.
It wasn’t even a question.
—Of course I trust you.
—You don’t believe me.
—I believe you enough that I want to know if you’re pregnant. If you are, I refuse to let you do what I asked you to. It’s not right. And you need to know, too.
—You’re not telling me what to do. I refuse to allow it. And one more thing. Nicolas will be here shortly to pick me up. When you were out I called and told him I was leaving you. I have to finish packing my bag.
So she was going through with it after all. Damn the woman to hell.
—Bobbie-
—Don’t even try.
—But-
Exasperated, her hands went to her hips. She looked like she was about to fly off. In truth, she was. With Nicolas, thanks to the plan we had hatched together.
—I won’t be able to protect you. If you’re pregnant you can’t—
—I can’t what? Stop trying to baby me. I’m an adult, dammit. I’m a bush pilot. I’m I’m—
Sobs wracked her body. I wrapped my arms around her and we rocked back and forth.
—All right. I’ll let you go. But you’d better know—
—Speaking of knowing—maybe I already know.
There was no time. A knock on the door halted all discussion. Bobbie opened it and grinned like the sun had just come out. Actor that she was, she wiped the tears away for effect.
—I’m ready.
She picked up her bag, winked at me, and walked out of the room behind Nick. I stood in the doorway, watching, as the woman I loved headed off with another man. She threw her bag into the back and opened the door. She climbed into Nicolas junior’s convertible, slid across the seat, and pasted herself to his side.
If she got any closer, he’d have to open the door and drive from the outside.
She looked to be awfully chummy with the son of the man who had killed my pregnant wife, Pilar, with a bomb in her luggage.
What could possibly go wrong?


Still in its infancy, the plan appeared to be working. Even so, I wasn’t pleased with the affection demonstrated between Bobbie and Nicolas junior. I had to go along. I agreed to it, after all. So why did I want to kick myself in the ass, hard?

in my room and unpacking I’ll be fine don’t worry

Bobbie’s text didn’t ease my concerns. I worried. And then worried some more. If I was going to play the aggrieved lover, I figured I might as well put myself in the proper frame of mind. I walked to a bar down the street and bellied up.
The antsy waitress from the Diamondhead yacht club greeted me from the opposite side of the bar. Diana. What were the chances? The familiar face with the leggy body attached remembered me with a wide smile.
—Hello, stranger. It’s been a while.
After I was mauled by three of Bobbie’s tormentors, Diana made sure I got home safe and sound. I ended up in her bathtub, soothing my aches from the beating. She managed to soothe just about everything else, too.
Twice. And then she threw me out. Her house, her rules.
The legs were still long. And the too-tight blouse hadn’t been replaced. I smiled back.
—Small world. Been here long?
She came around the edge of the bar to stand beside me. I couldn’t resist casting my eyes downward to hell while enjoying the legs all over again.
—A while. And you’re still looking at me like you want to take me home.
—Can I get to know you first? I’m a little old-fashioned that way.
—I get off at three.


I showed up early and re-introduced myself to Diana. I didn’t want to take a chance that her legs would go short on me. At quitting time, we headed off.
—I have a place just around the corner. I smell like beer and cigarettes. I need to get out of these clothes. You can come up and wait. I trust you.
I wondered who she trusted to get her out of Diamondhead and into Miami, but I knew better than to ask. I knew better than to look, too, when she left the door to her bedroom open. Diana came out wearing a short robe and not much else from what I could tell. My eyes wandered but my mind didn’t.
—I need a shower. Smoke and all. Don’t go anywhere.
I busied myself wondering how I could fit Diana into the plan Bobbie and I hatched. Could I be so stupid as to haul her off to the pool behind Nicolas’ house and hope for a party? Bobbie would be certain to be pissed off if she saw me with the likes of this one.
I wondered how she’d look in a bathing suit—Diana, that is, not Bobbie. I already knew what Bobbie looked like. We’d already spent more time naked and sweaty than clothed when we were on the run.
—How do you feel about a pool party?
—I’m already changed. Now you want me to pack a bag? Who are you and where have you been lately?
Something was nagging at me, and it concerned my last encounter with this woman. It was in Diamondhead, where she ended up taking me home from that bar, too, after I suffered through a beating at the hands of Bobbie’s friend, Kennedy. It was the comment she made when I left her place. It was something about blowing something up.
—You don’t want to know where I’ve been, but I’m here now. Are you coming or not?
I drove us to a restaurant with small tables and huge tablecloths. She rubbed her foot along my leg for most of the meal. By the time dinner was done, I was ready for Bobbie. Unfortunately, she couldn’t be here, but I’d be seeing her soon enough.
I opened the car door for Diana and she slithered across the seat, mirroring the position Bobbie took up next to Nicolas junior. Her hand wandered my thigh until I was able to get parked beside Nick’s convertible in the circular driveway.
We walked arm in arm past the side of the house into the back. I recognized Bobbie’s laughter. She wasn’t too busy frolicking in the pool with junior to give my date the look. I only winked and asked about the change room.
The look started all over again when Diana walked out of the cabana at my side. The woman was taller than Bobbie by a couple of inches. She knew how to fill out a not-so-simple one-piece bathing suit to make it look like skin. If it was any more sheer, she’d get arrested just for being here, and she wasn’t even in the water yet.
—Bobbie, this is Diana. We met back in Diamondhead. She bartended in the clubhouse.
I figured that was all she should know. The women traded looks and I was thinking world war three would break out if the lights ever went out. Diana sensed something was going on. She just didn’t know what.
Poor junior had a look on his face like he thought I might beat him up, but I shook his hand and thanked him for inviting us. The questioning look disappeared and he went to nodding and grinning like a baboon with a rock to throw. He must have thought he might get a chance at Diana, too. If I remembered anything about her, he just might if he played his cards right.
The party ended too soon. Bobbie made excuses that it was getting late. Diana agreed, and we headed back to town. I was stuck to come up with an excuse to dump Diana at her apartment. She solved the problem by letting me know she had a date for later.
—That’s too bad. I was looking forward to spending more time with you.
It was a lie. I did my job. If Bobbie didn’t kick me the next time she saw me, I’d be happy.
—You know where I am. Don’t be a stranger, stranger.
She didn’t offer her number. I took that to mean I was delegated to be a drop-in at the bar. It was fine by me. She squeezed my thigh and got out of the car.
I pinched myself and headed back to the hotel to wait for a text from Bobbie. While I waited, I rehashed what Diana said to me in her apartment back in Diamondhead. At least, as best as I could remember it.
Perhaps it should have registered at the time, but the woman was playing hell on my eyes and my beat up body. I was too enthralled to notice.




SIX


BOBBIE WAS ALL about the damned plan. If I’d known she thought she was pregnant, I’d never have allowed her to do it. Worrying now, I couldn’t spend another minute in the motel room. It was too small. Too hot. Too lonely. There was no room to pace. I used the walk to the diner to solve the problem.
I strolled past the empty booths and settled at the end of the counter. I put my back to the wall and looked out over the street. The waitress dropped a menu and a napkin surrounding the tools of the trade. I looked over the pie menu. She returned with coffee.
—The Key Lime pie. What color is it?
She harrumphed, frowned, turned on her heel, and stopped at the pie cooler. She slid a slice in my direction, half-way down the long counter. It had to be a practiced move. The pie halted in front of me and I heartily dug in with a bent fork.
Before I finished taking up the crumbs, she ambled back with the coffee pot.
—I don’t think I need to ask if the color was the one you were looking for.
—Then you know why I asked.
—We don’t get a lot of questions like that. You’re new here.
I took another look. She was pushing forty. No wrinkles at the corner of her eyes. Blonde. Blue eyes. Pretty, though. My eyes flicked to her left hand.
—No. I’m single. Got rid of the bum two years ago. All my stress and wrinkles disappeared almost overnight.
—Almost?
—Yeah, well, that’s what I say. It took longer than that, actually. You married?
—No. Never had time to make it fit with my job. Ex-cop. I know you’re going to ask.
—Good ex, or bad?
—Probably somewhere on the high end of in-between.
She smiled and didn’t ask which end to measure against. I didn’t mind. She had a nice smile.
—What do you do now?
What’s to tell? I thought about it for too long.
—Contract work with the government, mostly.
My phone pinged, and the name tag that said Rhonda wandered off to talk to the cook. I checked the time. Past one a.m.

where are you?

i’m sitting in an all-night diner pining away

you’d better be pining alone and it better be for me, mister

just because I love you doesn’t mean you can pick on me. how did it go with junior

senior owns a tour boat outfit in the swamps

The new information gave me pause. I wasn’t expecting anything like that.

it’s where he spends his weekends

you didn’t answer my question

if I see you with that woman again you’ll never get an answer. you’re grinning aren’t you

pretty much. I need to think about the swamp boat info. could mean a change in the plan

in that case keep me posted. I have to go now and wash the wine glasses

Damn the woman to hell. It seemed she was having too much of a good time as far as I was concerned. I turned down a coffee refill and stopped at the till. Rhonda kept talking and I kept listening. Finally I paid.
—Come back again.
I hesitated at the door before pushing through to walk to the motel.


I hit the sheets and slept on what Bobbie told me about the swamp boat. Nicolas senior’s business in the everglades could be a definite bonus. It might mean changing the plan I’d spent so much time working out these past months. It could also mean that the changes might be a lot easier to implement than the original.
Knowing I didn’t have anything remotely resembling a new plan, I got out of bed and headed for the diner. The shift had changed. Mabel brought breakfast and I ate like it was my last meal. I considered how I could fit Diana into this thing. Bobbie had warned me not to see her again. Maybe she wouldn’t be so stuffy if I came up with a valid reason for using the woman.
Suddenly it dawned on me. I remembered how Diana had impressed me as being a social climber back in Diamondhead. I was almost certain she’d clawed her way on top of, or possibly through, someone to get to Miami. Perhaps she’d like to meet Nicolas senior, newly separated and a business owner.
If only I could convince Diana to come out to the everglades and introduce her. Surely Bobbie wouldn’t mind that I was still seeing her if that was the case. I was sure of it.
My phone pinged and Bobbie’s text appeared.

just out of the shower how are you doing

i miss you

I did, too. I missed her a lot.

even with Diana for company

Damn the woman. She never missed taking a shot.

you told me I couldn’t see her any more

I regretted the text as soon as I pressed send.

and you listened must be a first

well

Here we go. I stepped in it again.

don’t well me SPILL

I almost waited too long.

i figure we can use her now that i know senior has a business

you’d better not use her any other way or there’ll be BIG trouble when i get out of here

It was my turn to twist the screw.

so then you are coming back

I closed the burn phone. I knew she wouldn’t respond.
We traded texts for another day. The time allowed me to think through the revised plan. Bobbie grudgingly agreed that I should go out to look at senior’s business. She didn’t think it would be a problem convincing junior to take us for a boat ride. He was that eager to show her off to his father.
She started to tell me she should have brought more clothes. I was tempted to ask why, and then I threw caution to the winds.

you’re spending all your time in the bikinis I helped you pick out. why would you want more clothes? maybe you can find someone to do laundry

It was the end of that conversation. I knew before I pressed send. Obviously I’d been misinformed. Bobbie had chosen the bathing suits for some unforeseen event in our lives that included Nicolas junior and his father.
I knew I had to let that part of it go. She was in the position thanks to the plan. The woman would end up killing me when this was over. Okay, maybe she wouldn’t kill me right off. She’d stick the knife in from the front, rather than the back.
She would want me to see it coming.


It wasn’t difficult to talk Diana into coming along for a drive to the everglades. She appeared almost too happy I had asked. She made arrangements to take the time off, and the next day I picked her up at her small apartment.
—How do I look?
She was ready when I arrived. There'd be no replay of the open bedroom door. Diana looked stunning in her white blouse and tan shorts. The straw hat was cute, but I didn’t say anything. She’d only toss it.
—Well, your legs are still looking pretty fine. And I think you made every woman jealous the other day.
She couldn’t possibly toss her legs, unlike the hat.
—Yes. I remember how much you enjoyed the view in Diamondhead. And that wasn’t all. Who was that woman at the pool again?
With a woman it was always the question at the end of things that needed answering. I ignored it.
—How could I not? You were showing off, if I remember.
I remembered all too well. She wanted out of that place so bad I could taste it, too. I wanted to ask how she did it, but I thought better. Besides, I figured I already knew.
Diana slipped across the seat and put her hand back where it was on our first ride to the glades. I couldn’t get to junior’s place and Bobbie fast enough. The love of my life would kill me by the time I dragged her out of the everglades if this was how it was going to go with this one.
I was right, too. The crowd greeted me as I parked. We traded cars for junior’s convertible. I opened the door and shifted the split-back. Diana climbed in and dragged me into the back beside her. Immediately I found her feet in my lap. She handed out a bottle of oil and I had my orders. I already made it more than plain I was a leg man. I didn’t feel so bad when I finished with that exercise.
Then she shifted her shoulders to allow me to do her back.
I sensed reluctance by Bobbie to cut me any slack, even though the new plan was coming together. Of course, I couldn’t tell her that. My hands were too full of Diana. She leaned back and crossed her ankles on my lap. I took my mind off of things by tickling her toes. I managed to get her giggling.
Bobbie, not so much. She didn’t seem to think it was amusing in the slightest.


It was better than I hoped. Following introductions, Nick senior and Diana began their slow dance. They started with furtive glances, morphed into outright stares, and progressed to unsubtle touching. I’d set a hook that I wouldn’t be able to remove. Before long they were throwing subtlety to the winds as their mutual seduction continued.
Diana happily submitted to senior’s fawning compliments with smiles and touching and doe-eyed looks that left nothing to anyone’s imagination. Bobbie went for Nick junior like she used to go after me. I knew she was only pretending, but even so—
It didn’t seem to bother the old man that Diana came with me. It didn’t bother Diana, either. Bobbie appeared more than happy when she witnessed how well the duo was getting along. If Bobbie was happy about it, who was I to complain?
The old man was only too eager to show us around, knowing it would give him more time with Diana close by. He took her arm, leaving Bobbie and junior to do the same. It seemed the odd man out vibe was becoming a permanent part of my life.
Bobbie didn’t mind. On our drive from the city, she had suffered through the indignity of my hands wandering over Diana’s legs. Listening to the mindless giggling, I figured I deserved what she was dishing.
Nicolas senior led us to the souvenir shack and the dock. Living quarters for the staff of two comprised small trailers, separated by about a hundred feet. Palms and mangoes towered over the property, creating plenty of shade. There were plenty of flies, too.
Frogs croaked like there was no tomorrow. Birds screeched and called. The odor of decay and rot permeated throughout, thanks in no small measure to the humidity.
An expanse of shallow swampland covered in tall, thick green grasses stretched out from the dock. The occasional clump of trees rose over the endless horizon. It didn’t appear as though any of it was high enough to be dry land. I’d have to wait for the swamp boat tour I suspected would be forthcoming before long.
Senior directed us to a pair of tables shaded by low, stubby palms. The liquor cart was already waiting. He expertly prepared Cuba Libres in sweaty glasses for the women. The rest of us settled for beer with a breath of humidity running down the sides.
Noisy air boats left on schedule for their fifty-minute runs. They were filled with adults and children and grandchildren, eager to experience the swamp while discovering alligators and manatees and birds in the everglades. All returned with happy faces. Excited kids tugged adults towards the souvenir shack to drop money on items that would end up tossed out in six months or a year, if it took that long.
Following a run, I excused myself to check out the souvenir shop. Customers audibly tsk-tsked over the alligator parts on display in the small store. Some wondered how they had been harvested. Some picked them up only to replace them. Only a child’s demands caused shrugs before heading to the cash register, alligator part in hand. A souvenir is a souvenir.
We talked and drank and laughed and enjoyed the warm and humid afternoon in the shade. Diana hovered over senior, but she didn’t ignore junior. Perhaps junior was realizing that Bobbie just might be out of his league.
It was subtle at first, but he was transferring his affections. Bobbie appeared happy with the change now that Junior’s inclinations towards her were turning to another woman. I'm sure she wasn’t displeased that Diana was ignoring me. I know I sure as hell wasn’t disappointed that Nick junior was giving Diana the once-over with a fresh set of eyes.
The women left for a bathroom break, one following the other. The sound of an argument between familiar voices floated by. Thankfully, they were drowned out by a noisy engine idling at the dock, waiting for passengers to board.
Things settled down and Bobbie took the seat between junior and me. Diana’s oily legs graced the view of the old man. She made sure to take a seat directly opposite. Old Nick’s eyes roamed over her shapely legs exposed by the open slit in the sarong.
I had no right to be jealous. As close as Bobbie was in the chair next to me, I knew she could do nothing to ease my apprehension. This was what we agreed to. Anything to cause alarm or doubt had to be ignored. And I was jealous as hell, not only of Bobbie. While I trusted her, I was physically drawn to Diana.
Old habits die hard when the woman you love is so immersed in the plan that she's blind to the dual temptations of lust and love. Even that was gone since Diana had become obsessed with the old man.
I drowned my sorrows in beer and turned a blind eye to both women. I concentrated on old Nick. He was a drinker. He bullied his son into bringing him drinks and preparing food. He belittled him in front of us. Bobbie had taken it upon herself to referee between junior and senior.
I sensed an understanding develop between the old man and Diana. She moved to sit on the arm of his chair, waving a leg, her foot brushing against his. It became even more than obvious she was done with me.
I couldn’t ignore Bobbie, although she was gone, too, deep into our plan as it was working so far. I excused myself a second time and jumped on one of the tour boats. The operator handed me ear protectors and we headed off, two or three short of a full load of passengers.
We zipped and zagged along the watercourse. Grasses and swamp surrounded the well-worn, open water trail through the expanse. It had to have been used hundreds—maybe thousands—of times. The trail had to be kept clear by the constant back and forth of the flat-bottomed boats and their powerful and noisy converted aircraft engines.


Eventually we returned and I headed for the party. It had moved to the cool interior of the chickee. It alone was an impressive sight. Huge logs of cypress supported palmetto thatch. The interior was open. A fresh breeze floated through the window openings, keeping the house cool in the humid late-afternoon heat.
Diana was curled up on the sofa beside Nicolas senior. Her long legs stretched out for what seemed like miles. Junior sat in a huge chair. Bobbie was at his feet, looking attentive and too friendly. I took another glance and knew I was the fifth wheel.
—Nick. I’m taking your car into town. I’ll bring it back tomorrow.
I caught Bobbie’s panicked glance. Immediately it was replaced with a weak smile. Well, woman, you asked for it. Now you’ll have to decide whether it’s worth it to keep fighting him off.
Diana appeared happy at the prospect of spending the night. She was so pleased with herself that she didn’t bother asking for a ride to the city. With me happily out of the way, she’d be able to consummate the deal—no matter what the deal was that she worked out with herself.
Nick junior tossed me the keys. I thanked senior for his hospitality and headed off. I didn’t waste time, since I was burning junior’s gas.
I parked and walked to a second small deco bar I passed on the way to the hotel. It looked quaint from the outside. Hipster interior, probably. I was mildly surprised when the air conditioning wasn’t freezing out the customers by blasting from the ceiling. Maybe they only switched on when they wanted to trade the senior citizens for the younger crowd in the evenings.
I bellied up to the bar and faced the day’s first major decision. I went with Crown Royal, my old favorite. I lost track of time by my fifth shot. The pretty bartender’s attempts at getting me to cut it with a beer back went for naught.
It was Andrea who recognized me. She went on break and sat and reminded me that we met while I was admiring the second-story office in the building she lived in. Now I was paying attention. She liked to talk. I liked to listen. She was about Bobbie’s age. Maybe a little younger. Working the bar to pay off her college loans.
In between customers and regulars I got the woman’s family history, her story, and the story of every one of her favorite customers. At closing time, I dutifully slipped off my barstool and headed for the door. Miss Tenderbar helped me stumble along until I bumped into two lugs trying to get past the door at the same time.
They took me off Miss Tenderbar’s hands until she figured out they planned on laying a beating on me. All by herself she managed to drag me back inside, lock the door, and sit me down on the floor while she closed.
The woman slapping my face was pretty. I could tell, because she was as close as she could get to me, generously sharing the floor. She was struggling to help me come around and get me on my feet. A patient person, too, if I knew anything about women.
—All right, big guy. It’s time for you to go.
—Just help me to my car. I'm capable of driving the rest of the way.
—Fine.
A word I was familiar with. I'd heard it more than a time or two from another attractive woman I knew.
—Give me your keys and I’ll unlock the door for you.
Fat chance. She packed them away in her back pocket and half carried me down the street. Grateful for the assist, I leaned heavily on her all the way.
—You know, those keys in your back pocket make it look all lumpy.
—Make what look all lumpy?
Already I was ahead of the game. I knew what to say.
—Your ass.
Andrea sighed and ignored me. I was used to that, too.
—I’m up on the third floor. Think you can make it, Jimbo?
Jimbo. I hadn’t heard that for a good while. Which was probably why I meekly followed the woman up the stairs. Three stories wasn’t all that difficult. Except I was shitfaced drunk times three.
—Andrea.
—Yes, Jimbo?
—Just leave me.
It was the second level and I figured I was done.
—You have a way with women and words, don’t you?
How difficult would it be to travel back down a landing or two?
—All right. We’re here. Welcome home.
Andrea led me to her sofa. The last thing I remembered was collapsing on it.


I woke up on a strange sofa in a strange room with daylight flooding in through open windows. I squinted past a hangover and a headache like none I’d ever known. Someone had thoughtfully placed a bucket near my head. I groaned and looked around. It was empty. I mumbled incoherently.
—So far, so good.
Footsteps. Who could it be?
—You’re awake. What took you so long?
A pale-skinned vision of a woman appeared with soaking wet hair and long legs tucked beneath a short bathrobe. Even hung over, I had to admit I noticed what was falling out of the short robe all the way to the ground she walked on. Tiny feet. Great legs. I had an overabundance.
—Did you fall into the pool?
—No, goofy. I’m fresh out of the shower. How are you feeling?
—Don’t take the bucket away just yet.
I rolled onto my back. In seconds I returned to my side, just in case. The move made the bucket closer, too.
—That good, huh? You wanted to drive home last night. I wouldn’t let you. Well, okay, there’s that, and you got in a fight with two of my regulars. To get them off you I had to tell them you were my father and that my mom had just died.
I looked at Andrea in wonderment.
—Yes. Really. The only thing that saved your drunken ass was that we chatted all night. You told me stories that made me laugh, and you didn’t make a single pass. I was wondering how unlucky a girl could get until you ended up shitfaced. Still, I got the feeling you don’t do that often.
I sat up and groaned.
—About that father thing. We need to talk. So you’re saying I should have asked you out. I’ll remember for next time.
—I have to get to work. You can crawl into my bed for the day. It’s obvious you’re in no shape to go anywhere. I hope it’s obvious to you, too. I’m not comfortable giving you your keys. Come on.
I followed her into the bedroom and fell back on the bed.
—Sorry about that lumpy ass thing. It's perfect. I can see that now.
It was, too. She turned away, giving me a good look when her robe crept up above her rear. She looked over her shoulder with an impish grin.
—Perfectly lumpy?
She opened her dresser.
—Don’t you know the way to a girl’s heart and mind. You must be a real charmer with the ladies. Take off your shoes. Your shirt and pants, too. I’m not letting you sleep in my bed in that mess you’re wearing.
She began digging into drawers and moved into the closet before closing the door.
—What are you doing?
—You’re a complete stranger. I’m not getting dressed in front of you just because I let you into my bed. Perhaps later when I get to know you better.
I didn’t hear the last part. I pulled the sheets up and died in some strange woman’s sweet-smelling bed.
By late afternoon I was feeling pretty good. I dragged my hung-over ass into the kitchen and checked the fridge. A six-pack of water and a pregnancy test kit stared back at me. I guessed a bottle or two of the former would be necessary before accomplishing the latter.
I checked my pockets and still couldn't find my keys.
I made a grab for a water and hot-footed it down the stairs in search of a market. I stocked up on eggs, bacon, bread, and orange juice. I added a tomato for luck and stopped to pick up flowers to dress the place up.
On my way into the lobby using the key I pilfered from Andrea’s apartment I noticed the office for rent sign hanging on a door. I opened it and looked in. It looked even better than it did from the street.
I carried on up the stairs, dropped off the goodies, and retraced my steps to Andrea’s place of employment. A bit of the hair of the dog that bit me definitely couldn’t hurt. I sidled up to the bar with a sheepish look.
—Well hello, stranger. I see you survived. How are you doing?
—Thanks to you, I’m doing just fine. By the way, I borrowed the spare key for your place.
I pushed it across the bar. She didn’t look at it.
—What time do you finish?
Andrea raised her eyebrows. She must have thought I was a stalker. Even though she was the one who let me into her apartment.
—Why? What are you planning? Should I be worried? You’re not a stalker, are you?
There it was. She smiled warmly.
—On the prowl for something to eat I checked your fridge. Imagine that. I can tell you don’t have a lot of company staying over by the water six-pack and the pee stick. You planning on taking the test when you get home?
She blushed. I grinned.
—You’re down a water.
I held up my hands.
—All right. I’ll stop now. I’m inviting you over for dinner at your place. Don’t expect much. It’s only my way of thanking you.
—Take it.
She pushed at the key.
—I’ll be home at nine.
She stayed busy before surrendering and pushing a drink in my direction. I shook my head and thanked her before sliding it back. She looked at me and grinned.
—Don’t go all pouty on me. It’s a Virgin Mary.
I made the sign of the cross. It got a laugh, and I retreated out the door carrying the drink all the way to Andrea’s. I phoned the number for the rental office scrawled on the sign taped in the window. I chased down the building manager and talked him into showing the space.
It was even better than I remembered. It overlooked the street in both directions. Corner windows on both sides allowed plenty of light. Inside, a fresh coat of paint wouldn’t hurt.
I took it on the spot. Bobbie would have to be happy with choosing the furniture. It was a good place for the P.I. business I thought I should start with her. I silently thanked her for reminding me about the license I forgot about.
The key would show up in a couple of hours. I gave out Andrea’s address and settled in to wait.




SEVEN


BEFORE I REALIZED words were coming out of my mouth, I had invited Andrea to tour the everglades. Small-town girl that she was, she must have been feeling magnanimous when she agreed. Why else would she accompany a too-drunk customer she felt obligated to rescue from her bar patrons as well as himself?
While I waited in her small apartment, she changed into a short, filmy skirt that came halfway up tanned thighs. High-heeled sandals put shapely legs to work. Intriguing bare thighs peeked out from beneath the hem of the short dress. I followed her lead on the walk down the stairs and into the street.
—I don’t mind if you look forever. In fact, I’m flattered. When you’ve had enough you can catch up and walk beside me.
Could she read me or what?
—You’re blushing, aren’t you?
—No. Well. Maybe. Yeah. But—
—Never mind my butt. All you get for now is legs.
—Promises.
—Perhaps. We’ll see what happens when we get back.
She gently refused to accompany me into the hotel and instead insisted on staying in the car to wait for me to change.
—I’m not trying to get you up to my room.
—You’re darned right you aren’t. It’s too soon for that.
—You’ll like the lobby. Plenty of people-watching.
Convinced, she accompanied me into the hotel. She picked out a chair in full view of everyone, sat, and crossed her shapely legs before smiling up at me.
—There. You’ve seen them from both sides. Are you happy now?
In twenty minutes I appeared downstairs hoping I looked like a new man.
—You clean up pretty good for a stranger.
Her eyes wandered over me. To my credit, I showered and shaved and changed wrinkled clothes for fresh and pressed. My eyes wandered as well, down and then back up. Slowly.
—You’re not so bad yourself.
The back of her hand brushed softly against my face and hesitated for an instant before withdrawing.
—Good job shaving. I wondered if you would.
I opened the door and she slid into the seat, all the while adjusting her skirt as best she could. I was enjoying her company far too much already.
—Eyes on the road, Jimbo.
She was smiling. It was a smile I liked. Andrea slipped closer. She took my hand and allowed it to rest beneath her own on a warm, lovely thigh showing no tan line.
—I can tell you never wear shorts. Perhaps you should—
—We’re not going back to my place or yours. We’re in enough trouble already.
I ignored her comment and managed to keep an eye on the road for a mile or two. And admitted silently that she was right.
—Are you going to tell me what this is about? Or do I have to imagine it as we get closer to wherever it is we’re going?
I told her about my partner, Bobbie, and how she became trapped in the everglades through no fault of her own. I even told her about Diana. The car might have come up, too, so I explained it wasn’t mine.
—So basically you brought me along to get your business partner—who you’re romantically involved with—away from the clutches of some random guy?
She removed my hand from her thigh and placed it on my own before releasing it.
—Guys. Plural. But I’d say you pretty much nailed it. Would you like a part-time job?
—You rented the office space below my place, didn’t you? You brought me flowers. You cooked me breakfast at nine at night. Are you nuts? I’m this far from sleeping with you and you’re bringing me along to rescue a woman who loves you. What could possibly go wrong?
Andrea sighed and took my hand in hers again and kept it there. She appeared resigned to the outcome, whatever it might be.
—Yeah, but are you pregnant, and do you have any sisters?
Andrea sighed again and shook her head and settled back in the seat. I think she even started to relax. I was pretty sure she thought I was nuts. Maybe she was just a bit, too.
My phone rang. I handed it to Andrea.
—Answer that for me, would you? You can listen if you want.
She put it on speaker and held it between us. Her head rested on my shoulder. I had to admit, I liked the way she answered a phone. I thanked the other party and Andrea hung up. Her head stayed on my shoulder.
I liked that, too.
—I made some calls to a couple of connections while I was upstairs. That’s why I took so long. As you heard, Diana has a rap sheet and a penchant for older men. She likes to empty their bank accounts. I’m counting on us to get Bobbie out of there.
—Diana? Who the hell is this Diana? Tell me again. How many women have you got stacked up out there? Now I know why you didn’t tell me what I’d be letting myself in for.
I wasn’t surprised by her reluctance to get involved now that she knew more.
—Promise me you won’t change your mind after I explain everything.
—Yeah. No. Maybe. Promises are hard to keep.
—So then, you’ll be staying. I met Diana when I rescued Bobbie and her brother from a drug cartel.
—Wait. What? Drug cartel?
—It’s a long story. Short version. Bobbie badly beat up and hitchhiking by the side of the road. Rain. Thunder. More rain. Sketchy motel room. Plenty of humidity. Sweaty sex. Missing cartel drugs. Crooked border guards. A rescue aboard a yacht. Brother found. Case solved and case closed.
—Okay, so why do you need me again?
—Well, since you asked. I need someone to answer phones and take messages.
She looked skeptical. I couldn’t blame her.
—That isn’t what I meant, but I’ll run with it for now. That’s what cell phones are for. And texting. Before I forget, and in case Bobbie checks your phone, I’m in it.
—Perfect. You can text both of us when you take a call from someone with a case that needs solving. Bonus points for you if you get a deposit.
I separated my hand from hers and reluctantly withdrew it from her warm, wonderful thigh. She ruffled her skirt and smoothed it.
—You were right about the humidity.
I turned off the highway onto a smooth dirt road surrounded on both sides by tall trees. The odor of swampy marshland surrounded us, replacing the fresh air of the clear blue sky in the open convertible.
—We’re here. Follow my lead.
—If I was following your lead, right now we’d be parked on the side of a road somewhere. The top on this convertible wouldn’t be the only thing that was going down.
It was hardly noon, but Andrea pretty much made my day.


The fog left over from last night’s rain began to lift, chased by the slight breeze. Water dripped from overhanging trees and splashed onto the ground. The stench of decay coming off of the fetid swamp water was overpowering.
I held the door open. Andrea slipped across the seat, obviously not worrying any longer about the skirt that so wonderfully revealed her tanned thighs. She almost fell into my arms. She caught herself at the last second. I smiled. She blushed.
—For some reason, I can’t help doing things like that around you.
That was all right with me. She turned her attention to the laughter coming from the patio.
—Which one is your girl?
I didn’t get a chance to reply. The four were gathered on the patio. Loud voices and laughter drifted across the parking lot. Senior had to be mixing the drinks on the strong side. His words slurred as he called out.
—It’s about time you made it. You had good reason to be a day late, though. The woman is beautiful.
The old man slumped in his chair. Andrea almost began pawing the ground in her haste. She blushed brighter than a teenager in a too-short prom dress. Bobbie looked from the woman to me and back. She didn’t appear to be so happy.
—Who’s your company, Jim?
—Everyone? Meet Andrea. She’s my new secretary.
It was beyond me how she knew, but Andrea was already striding purposefully in Bobbie’s direction. She held out her hand and the women shook. They stood, toe to toe, each eying the other. I wasn’t certain I liked that, unsure as I was of what might come next.
—And that’s Diana. Meet Andrea.
Andrea turned to face me.
—You know the most beautiful women. How long have you been in town?
Bobbie smiled regretfully.
—Far too long, I’m beginning to think.
Andrea’s wide smile totally disarmed Bobbie.
—Would you show me the lady’s, please, Bobbie? It was a long ride.
Bobbie took her arm and they headed off in the direction of the bathroom. Voices muffled by laughter spelled trouble. The two women I absolutely didn’t want to get together right this instant were on their way to the restroom. Together. Trouble was sure to follow if I knew anything about women. Most of the time, I had to admit, I didn’t. Sometimes, I only pretended.
My troubled heart wasn’t becalmed by the sight of Andrea’s long, slender legs in step with Bobbie’s, just as long and perfectly matched. I hated getting down to business, but sometimes it was necessary. I tore my eyes away and concentrated on the old man.
—So. Nicolas.
Senior and junior turned.
—When are you taking us out on the swamp? I think we’d enjoy seeing the everglades with an expert guide.
An obviously inebriated Diana leaned on Nicolas senior, hoping for a helping hand. Unbalanced, either by lust or plain old alcohol or a combination of both, she stumbled against him. Her words slurred.
—Yes. I’d like to go, too.
 He caught her and eased her down into the lounge chair.
—Behave or you’ll be staying by yourself.
Nicolas’ eyes roamed over the reclining Diana. It didn’t help that her half-open blouse exposed an ample portion of a tanned breast. Somehow, she managed to keep what was left together.
—I’ll stay with her, dad. We don’t want her falling into the swamp with the gators.
And pigs could fly. If I knew anything, it wasn’t the swamp gators Diana needed to watch out for.
Right then I’d have given my eye teeth to be a fly on the wall in the restroom where Bobbie and Andrea disappeared. It seemed like it was taking them an especially long time to return.
How much longer could they be? What could Bobbie and Andrea possibly have to talk about?


Nick senior stood up and made his way to the dock. I used the distraction to knock on the bathroom door. Unsure what to expect, I waited. Andrea poked her head out.
—Oh. It’s Jim. Yes? What would you like?
The sweet, innocent look said I shouldn’t dally. I took a chance anyway.
—Nick is going to start the tour in a minute. Are you two coming or are you going to stay behind to compare notes while I’m gone?
I closed the door and beat a hasty retreat in the direction of the dock. The noisy air-cooled aircraft engine fired up, emitting a cloud of blue smoke from the exhaust. It blew away in the light breeze and the engine settled into a steady, ticking idle.
Bobbie and Andrea hurried to join us. At the last minute, Nick junior and Diana announced they would be staying behind. Bobbie took it in stride. She answered Andrea’s puzzled look with an explanation of her own.
—She’s doing both of them. After she puts the old man to sleep, she tiptoes down the hall and literally bangs on junior’s door. I think he keeps it locked just for spite. He always seems to open it wide, though. Just as wide as she does.
It became obvious Bobbie and Andrea had come to some sort of an understanding during their extended time in the bathroom. I wondered what they might have concluded, but I knew better than to ask. It was time to climb aboard for the grand tour.
—Andrea, you might want to put on a pair of shorts. You look to be about the same size as Bobbie.
Bobbie threw me the look. I wasn’t certain whether it was the one approving of my choice, or the I’ll kill you later look that I seemed to be getting more and more lately. She gave in, though.
—He’s right. I have another pair. The wind on the boat will make short work of what you’re wearing.
—She’s right, Andrea. I’ll get Nicolas to wait.
The women hurried off. More time to tell stories, I feared. I was beginning to think it might have been a lot smarter to have left Andrea in the city. Presupposing I had any smarts about things like that—which apparently I didn’t.
Four departed in the boat. Nicolas senior drove. It was a perfect day. Not too hot. We passed through wisps of fog to be scattered in the wind created by the huge propeller. Light cloud cover kept the sun from frying us.
The old man expertly guided the boat through the swamp, slowing here and there and shutting down occasionally to coast in silence. He pointed out birds and snakes and the overgrown mango trees housing them. Occasionally an alligator made its presence known, all eyes and bumpy snout moving silently in the water.
Finally, Nicolas senior slowed and pointed the boat towards a point of dry land. The engine accelerated quickly and the flat-bottomed boat bumped against the shore. The nose halted on dry ground surrounded by tall green grass. The much heavier stern remained over the water.
Satisfied, the old man’s expert touch silenced the powerful aircraft engine. We clambered ashore, happy the noisy engine was silent, even if only for a short time.
Trees on three sides surrounded the watery island. Water dripped from the overhanging branches. In the humidity, perspiration streamed down faces. In minutes, our clothes were soaked by the uncomfortable humidity.
—Here’s the land you wanted to see, Jim. There should be alligators close by. Be careful. Don’t get too close. Despite appearances, alligators are capable of traveling fast for short distances on dry land.
The women wandered off, carefully checking every step. Out of the relative safety of the boat, they weren’t so eager to see a live alligator. I stepped out behind them. The old man stayed behind. Bobbie called out.
There’s an old cabin beneath the trees. We’re going to take a look.
—Jim. Wait a minute. I want to talk to you.
Nicolas eased a concealed pistol out from behind his back. He leveled it at me with a drunken man’s trembling hand. Even so, I felt fairly certain I wouldn’t be able to dodge whatever he was about to throw at me. Given a drunk’s propensity to act in an alcoholic fog, I didn’t chance moving even so much as a muscle.
—I have many friends. One told me you submitted your report to the government. Did you think you’d get away with it?
So he knew. Someone sold me out. Who could it have been?
—Someone in the press?
His eyes narrowed. Something told me he never considered that I might send the press copies of the report, too.
—I can’t tell you who it was.
It had to be the feds.
—What are you going to do, kill us all out here in the middle of nowhere?
It would be easy. He’d leave us with the gators and we’d end up nothing but bad-smelling meat until they had their fill. What the hell had I done? I’d gotten two innocent women involved in my business and now we were all going to pay the price. It would never end.
Bobbie and Andrea appeared out of nowhere, giggling.
—I think we made our day. We managed to pee without getting chewed up by alligators. We’re ready to go now.
Nick’s handgun wavered between Jim and the women.
—Not quite. Get over by Jim.
Radiant smiles turned instantly to looks of surprise and fear. Bobbie, knowing what was up, was more restrained. Andrea was shocked, a look of terror on her face.
—What’s going on? Why the gun? What the hell? Jim?
Old Nick looked at us like he wanted to shoot sooner rather than later. My mind raced, trying to figure a way out.
—I found out all about your cop friend and his vendetta. He wants to put me in jail. He thinks I’m responsible for killing his wife.
A smug look crossed his face. He’d figured it out all by himself. More likely, his informant told him about me.
—I saw the CCTV footage, Nick. You’re the one who placed the bomb in Pilar’s luggage. It was plain as day. Why you’re not rotting away in a federal prison is something I haven’t been able to figure out. But I will.
—You don’t have time to figure anything out. You dragged two women into your scheme. They’ll die along with you. How does it feel? From what I’ve seen, I’d say they’ve taken quite a liking to you. You’ll never live to reap the rewards.
Bobbie and Andrea began slowly backing away from the flat-bottomed boat beached on the small point.
—Not so fast, ladies. You’re not going anywhere. Get back here.
He waved the muzzle in my direction. They halted beside me. I had to find a way to delay the inevitable.
—So who kept you in the loop? It wasn’t the press. I could tell by the look on your face when I told you I sent them a copy. Who is it, Nick?
He appeared to be considering.
—If we’re going to die, don’t you think we deserve to know who’s responsible? We’ll take it to our graves. I promise.
That wasn’t a stretch. Nor was it imagination. If Nicolas got his way, we’d be dead in a heartbeat. If that didn’t scare the shit out of the women, it scared it out of me. I’d gone and done a foolish thing. I’d placed Bobbie in the lion’s den, and then I’d added Andrea to the mix for good measure.
I had to admit, I didn’t think it would come to this, or I’d never have done any of it.


Bobbie and Andrea were getting more than antsy. Behind me, feet shifted nervously and worried whispering and gasps filled the thick, humidity-laden air. Bobbie moved closer and lowered her voice even more.
—Jim. Don’t look. You have to get us away from the water and close to the trees.
I didn’t know what the pair had worked out. I was certain they were trying to stay alive as long as they could.
—Nick. Let’s all get in the shade and talk about this some more. All right? The women are getting sunburned, and you know how a girl feels about that when she wants to go shopping and try things on.
—It’s no use. But all right. They can have that for now.
He kept the gun leveled, herding us towards the trees. By the time we made it beneath the canopy of thick branches, Nick’s back was to the water.
—Stop whispering or I’ll shoot all of you right now.
He couldn’t halt their scared shaking. They knew how it was going to go. It was my fault for dragging them into this. Although Bobbie had come willingly, Andrea was something else. All she did was allow me to spend a drunken, hungover night in her apartment. I’d taken it upon myself to bring her along because she was so likable.
Well, we were all in a swamp with no paddle now, thanks to yours truly.
Suddenly there was more whispering.
—Holy shit. Look.
A huge dark shape crawled quietly out of the swamp and made its way silently towards Nick. Jaws opened wide, displaying rows of razor-sharp teeth. They closed on Nick’s leg with a satisfying snap. Part of the sound had to be Nick’s breaking leg. He toppled to the ground with a blood-curdling yell.
Nick’s yell turned into a scream. The gun went off. A bullet grazed my arm. In agony, the old man struggled to get the muzzle pointed in the direction of the razorblades clamped to his leg. The huge alligator began backing towards the water’s edge with Nick in tow.
Arms flailed. His good leg kicked. His torso bucked and he tried to hang onto handfuls of long grass that pulled out of the ground. It was to no avail. The gator’s jaws opened and snapped shut a second time. The alligator doubled down on his grip, knowing he had a tasty morsel once he got it to the water where he could really go to work.
The gun went off again. Nick thrashed and yelled in agony. He released the gun and it flew into the grass as his arms flailed. He clawed the ground and discarded more clumps of grass to dig up fresh as the huge alligator inexorably made its way towards its natural habitat.
The gator made good progress forcing its prey into the water. In seconds it would have Nicolas where it wanted him to be. Nick flailed. His body contorted. His struggles continued in vain. He yelled and screamed and begged for help.
It was to no avail. Unlike the alligator who had Nick in its death grip, we were relegated to observers, frozen by shock and fear. The terrifying jaws opened and closed in a flash of teeth. Both Nick’s legs were trapped in the powerful jaws.
—Get into the boat. Give those two a wide berth. Hurry.
I picked up Nick’s gun. I didn’t offer help. It was too late for that. If I shot, I’d hit him, and I didn’t want to answer for that. It would be useless anyway. The alligator had him at water’s edge and was wrestling and thrashing and rolling and chomping in a feeding frenzy of blood-red, watery foam.
—Jim—
I looked up.
—Can you start it?
Both women looked at me. There appeared to be some doubt.
—All right. I’ll be there in a minute. I have to make sure of this.
I made my way cautiously to the boat, careful not to disturb the alligator intent on its meal. I think I was even more shaken by the animal’s base instincts. My arm ached. Blood covered my sleeve and streamed down my hand from the errant bullet. Still, I wanted to keep an eye on the deadly progress the gator was making. I wanted to see Nick dead.
Satisfied and horrified by what I witnessed, I made my way to the boat and I came up with a story.
—Here’s the way you’re going to see it.
I pointed.
—Look over there. See the flamingos? You’re watching them. Waiting for them to take off and fly low over the water. You’ve never seen it before. Maybe on TV. But not in real life.
They looked at me like I was crazy.
—I’m going to have to report Nick’s disappearance. Trust me on this. You don’t want to be involved. Understood?
—He’s right, Andrea. I’ll explain later.
Andrea picked it up and ran with it.
—Bobbie, look over there. Flamingos. I’ve never seen anything like it. Have you?
—I think Andrea is going to make it after all, Jim.
I put my arms around them and hugged.
—That’s my girls.
Andrea cried out.
—Jim. You’re bleeding.
—Who’s got a shirt to loan me?
Andrea immediately began unbuttoning. She had her blouse wide open before Bobbie caught her.
—Wait just a minute, girl. That’s my job around these parts. And don’t you forget it.
Andrea ignored Bobbie and passed me her shirt. I wiped my prints off the gun and then wrapped it around my upper arm.
—I’ll break up the gun and toss it on the way back to the dock. Sorry, girl, but you don’t get your shirt back just yet.
Bobbie gave me the look I was so accustomed to by now.
—Wounded or not, I’m telling you two. If I ever—
—You don’t have to worry, Bobbie. Now that I know you, I’d never do anything with Jim. Just don’t die.
Their eyes wandered in my direction. I grinned and shrugged.
—It’s only a flesh wound. I’ll be fine. It’s time to get out of here.
—We weren't talking about you.
I turned my attention to the swamp boat’s controls. They didn’t appear so different from a powerboat. The small panel was clearly labeled. I pushed the starter on the warm engine and allowed it to settle into an easy idle. I played with the throttle handle, moving it forward slightly to familiarize myself. The engine speed increased, along with the wind through the blades. I allowed it to ease back to idle.
Next I tested the left-side steering handle. Easing it forward directed the fins to move for a right-hand turn. Pulling back positioned the fins to turn the boat to the left.
Twin arrows pointing forward and backward on the panel clearly indicated propeller pitch. Still at idle, I moved the lever from neutral to reverse. The engine faltered momentarily while the blades grabbed for air.
I called out to warn the girls.
—Brace yourselves. Better yet, sit down. I’m going to try backing us off this island.
I slowly advanced the throttle. The engine screamed on its way to full power. The flat-bottomed boat bumped and jerked and reversed off the island, floating free in a giant rush of air.
Immediately I released the spring-loaded throttle handle and the engine went to idle. I moved the propeller selector through neutral to forward pitch. The propeller engaged, and we idled forward, inching us over the water. I wrestled the boat into position and slowly eased the throttle forward.
I tested the steering handle on the left side. Forward, go right; backward, go left. I increased throttle and went through the motions again. I was no expert, but reassured, I figured I could get us home. At half-throttle it wouldn’t be fast, and it wouldn’t be smooth, but it would be safe. We’d get there eventually.
The GPS would help.
I struggled to keep the flat-bottomed boat with its square bow straight and level. Every turn at half-throttle felt like we’d all fall out as the boat tipped precipitously. I wasn’t confident enough to go any faster. Thus we mushed along. I slowed even more in the tight corners.
Occasionally I’d dodge what looked to be logs in the water. Or alligators. I couldn’t tell the difference. Sometimes, the swamp grass would whack the aluminum, but it was a familiar sound I’d heard on the ride to the island. It didn’t cause any panic now.
Following a couple of wrong turns, I made sure to consult with the women and caught flak in spite of it. I shrugged and carried on, glad that we were making headway back to Nick’s.
I remembered to toss the handgun after wiping it again. I returned Andrea’s blood-stained shirt when the bleeding halted. She looked at me with a What the hell am I supposed to do with this? expression. Bobbie shook her head and shrugged.
The women stayed silent until I shut down and bumped hard into the dock. I’d never make it as a tour boat operator. I helped the women ashore and tied the boat off. Andrea donned her bloodstained shirt.
There was no time to have further discussion about how Nick senior met his end.


No one rushed to greet us. Surely the sound of the powerful engine arriving had to have alerted someone. After tying off, I hurried to join the women on their way to the chickee. Part-way there an outcry alerted us. Unsure of what was happening, we walked into the living room and discovered Nick junior making his way between Diana’s long legs. Both of them were bare and sweaty and aimed at the ceiling.
—I don’t know about anyone else, but I’m not sitting on that thing ever again.
—You two get your asses out to the car. I’ll get your things. Go.
I pulled Nick off of Diana. A disappointed grunt and a squeal from Diana echoed through the chickee when she realized what was happening. For some reason it gave me great pleasure to disturb the happy couple.
Nick huffed and puffed and put his pants on while listening to my tale of woe on the island.
—The women were off in the bushes. I was standing guard. When we returned, your father was wrestling with a huge gator. He screamed and pulled a handgun from somewhere and started shooting. He got off a wild shot and me by mistake.
Nick didn’t say anything.
—There was nothing I could do. I wasn’t about to wrestle with an alligator. Your dad managed to get off a couple more shots, but he didn’t hit anything. It was too late. He was already in the water with the gator.
It looked like he believed me. Hell, I believed me.
—I managed to get the boat home, thanks to the GPS. The girls are all right. Shocked, but they’re fine. We need to call the police.
Diana was eagerly comforting Nick. She had her clothes back on and was fluffing up her bed head hair. A smirk came my way, but I couldn’t tell if she believed me. I was almost certain she had to be busy imagining life insurance and dollar signs falling off of young Nick. He’d probably slip and fall any number of times. There was no doubt in that Diana would be only too eager to catch him between her legs in the coming days and weeks.
—Call the cops. I’ll do damage control. Bobbie and Andrea are in shock. I sent them back to town.
The last I heard was the convertible’s tires spinning on the gravel drive. They’d get a few hours respite before the police tracked them down. If they were smart, they’d rehearse their stories in the meantime.


I dragged Bobbie and Andrea downstairs and chased them across the street. I looked up at our office window. Fresh neon glowed.
—Dawson & Nash Investigators. It has a nice ring to it. What do my two favorite girls think?
Bobbie and Andrea looked up and regarded the sign in the main window.
—I don’t know about you, Bobbie, but I’m keeping my job in the bar. I figure all I need to answer the phone is a pen and some paper. Or maybe I could just let the calls go to voice mail. Our new boss should be able to handle that.
They grinned back and forth and I tried to pretend I was indignant.
—Come on now. Is that any way to treat a brand new small business owner? Which one of you is going to be the first to pass the P.I. exams?
—Don’t be so sure of yourself, Jimbo. Bobbie and I still have some fast talking to do before we make our final decisions.
—What? Why? Bobbie? Andrea? Come on.
—She’s right. And once we’re done talking, it’s going to be time for two of us to lay down the rules. I think you already know which two that will be.
I knew what it meant, all right. Fond memories resurfaced of my hand in Andrea’s, resting on her smooth, bare, and extremely warm thigh. Would it happen again? I was pretty sure it wouldn’t by the time Bobbie read me the riot act.
—Just so you know, my arms are around both of you.
—If you’re looking for sympathy for that bullet wound you so proudly show off, you’re looking in the wrong places. And don’t be so smug. Andrea and I are holding hands behind your back. We crossed the street that way to return to the office.
I sighed and wondered where it all went wrong.




More by P X Duke


Bank Robber Dames
This collection of short stories hits all the high spots-or the low spots, depending on one’s point of view. There’s a visit to a strip club off the 15 in Montana; an encounter with a hitch-hiker on the 10 in New Mexico; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; a smile from a reformed addict in North Dakota.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Bad Girls
Frank Ross’s phone rarely rings when he’s on the road. When it does, he usually lets whoever is on the other end go to voice mail. This time it’s different, and after hanging up, he forces himself to ride three hundred miles out of his way in the dark of night to get to a woman asking for his help. After a walk through a truck stop populated by lot lizards and their customers, Frank learns the truth about the lost soul he is helping to locate.

Midnight at the Oasis
Frank Ross is headed down Mexico way, but first he must escape the high desert and the clutches of a sweet-talking, nimble little thing that has spun her web and led him down the road to good intentions gone bad. Following a trial by fire, Frank manages to get back on the road, but not before narrowly escaping a damsel in much distress when he refuses to take her along for the ride.




About


Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. I've been riding and writing about the places I've been and the people I've seen for a few years now. Some of my writing is factual; some of it isn't. I'll leave it up to you to decide for yourself which lies are the truth.

https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com

