Le Loup
By Gary Alan Lahner
Copyright 2013 Gary Alan Lahner
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.





Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen

Chapter One
Lucas enjoyed the ride in the cab from the train station glad to be back in Paris with Eric by his side. He pressed his forehead against the window as if it helped him to study the people walking on the street, or better take in the ornate buildings, some with large, carved, wooden doors. Lucas went to college with Eric, and they hadn’t seen each other since graduation. Best friends separated by distance Eric suggested he join him on his vacation to France. They could meet at Versailles where he was visiting his cousin. Eric spent part of his childhood in Paris before his parents moved to the states. He would be their guide, and what better place to start then with a tour of the Sun King’s palace.
After their Versailles adventure Lucas went back to meet Eric’s cousin Philippe and his family, pick up Eric’s luggage, and take the train back to Paris.
Lucas sat back and ran his fingers through his sandy blond hair. He squeezed his eyes tight, and then opened them to get the sleep out of a very long day, when Eric pointed out of the window to the street ahead.
“Down there is Maxim’s. Further down the Church of the Madelaine in the style of a Greek temple.”
Lucas found a new energy as he turned to look. There it was the famous restaurant with its dark wood, gold and red sign, and its grand window that in earlier days sat always a pretty girl.
“We can go out later and stand across the street. Wait for somebody famous to go inside,” Lucas said with a hint of benign sarcasm.
“Oui, we can be like restaurant groupies. Maybe take pictures to see who’s coming and going. Who is with whom?”
Lucas chuckled recalling the parade of food shows on television with their array of professional chefs in search of the perfect meal. But, tonight he’ll be such a groupie. Maybe he’ll bring a camera. Take pictures outside at least to post someday I was here.
Eric mentioned his cousin Philippe suggested a club not too far from Maxim’s, which they should check out. That is, if Lucas wasn’t tired from earlier in the day. He was tired, but on a vacation high to let a mid afternoon slump bother him. And, a cup of French coffee would wake him up before the start of the evening.
“Besides it’s are first night in Paris, and I’d like to see how the other half parties.” 
The cab turned down a narrow street as Lucas thought it an unlikely place for a hotel. That’s how it was in old cities worldly architecture concealing an undiscovered charm.
 The National de Paris sat flushed with the rest of the buildings. An opulent, gold sign backed by a lattice of elegant ironwork sat on top rows of windows above an arched entry. This was a good choice. The hotel was close to the Louvre, the Tuilerie gardens and the Musee d’Orsay. All of which he could hardly wait to see. The lobby with its hard woods, marbled floor and elegant chandeliers reflected the best of the Napoleonic style lavished upon the fortunate travelers that crossed its threshold. People from all parts of the world where busy on cell phones, collecting luggage, or looking at maps. Others sat and talked about the events of their day over coffee, or a specialized drink while immersed in the elegance and charm of the hotel they temporarily would call home.
A red-capped porter with brass buttoned jacket added to the elegance as he brought the luggage to the front desk where Eric could check in and collect the card key to the room.
Eric chose to finish his last year of college at the same university in Lucas’s hometown of Vegas, in the hope it might be a better place to get more than an education. Lucas hated the day Eric left for home. After graduation they kept in touch over the Internet, but it didn’t seem the same. Lucas wanted the next two weeks to be the best ever, and he was sad over the thought that this vacation might be the last time he would ever spend with him. There you go again Lucas, bringing a cloud over things, enjoy what time you have even if it is a few weeks. Lucas buried this thought as Eric received the key, and they started on the search for their room.
 The hallways on the upper floors were small and crisscrossed into rows of doors like some strange architectural, Napoleonic styled maze, which after the right turns led them to their own peu de place.
The room was bigger than Lucas expected, dressed in pale blues and golds with a hint of bright colors to give it warmth. Comfortable chairs, a writing desk and a crystal chandelier surrounded two large beds, the entire room fashioned in a country style finish, ready to welcome its guests after a long day of site seeing.
They unpacked their clothes as each picked a side of the room and dresser to call their own. Lucas knew he didn’t bring enough to wear, and watched Eric scrutinize pants and shirts, and as if he read Lucas’s mind. Told him not to worry. They can buy extra clothes if needed. After all, what better place to shop.
Lucas thought to add to his meager collection of shirts from the shops of Paris—a wearable souvenir, as he shut the drawer, and walked to the window. The windows were essentially a set of doors from ceiling to floor with the same metalwork across the bottom half that matched the ones in front of the hotel. Not quite a balcony, but a charming effect. Unfortunately, the view was of other rooms overlooking the top of some part of the hotel. You could see the sky, and maybe if adventurous enough become a voyeur.
Giving a sigh Lucas folded his arms and leaned up against the door. Eric stood next to him and raised his eyebrows.
“A little disappointing, huh?”
“No,” said Lucas, “nothing about this day has been a disappointment.” He plopped down on the bed, crossed his legs and put his hands behind his head and said, “Everything about it has been just beautiful.” Lucas knew how hard Eric worked to put this trip together and wanted him to feel he appreciated it. Eric stared at Lucas for a while as if he wanted to say something, but then grabbed a menu from the desk.
“We should get something to eat if we’re going out drinking.” 
“You’re right, said Lucas stretching his eyes. After that big lunch we had at Versailles get something light.”
“What about the cream of chicken soup?” asked Eric, “it comes with a bread basket, and you know they always give you more than you need.”
“Yeah, that’ll work for me,” Lucas said as he studied the hotel’s list of services.
Eric picked-up the phone to order, and Lucas thought he might as well get ready for the night ahead.
Sitting on the edge of the bed eating a small pastry Lucas watched Eric try to tie his shoe. For some reason when he tied it, even pulling the bow tight, the lace would give way and loosen. Eric sat across on one of the small, decorative chairs they used to pull up to the linen-covered table the waiter brought in with their dinner.
The soup was served in a silver terrine, surrounded by elegant dishes and silverware. A basket of bread with a variety of pastries accompanied Lucas’s much needed coffee. The soup was unbelievable. Lucas and Eric both swore it was the best they ever tasted.
Lucas looked at Eric’s silky, black hair that hung down and covered his brown eyes, as he tried to tie his shoe. A masculine portrait with his long nose, tanned skin, and a perpetual five o’clock shadow even when he shaved. He and Lucas were the same height and lean builds except Eric having slightly larger hands, which finally were able to get the demonic shoelaces to stay, tied.
Eric lifted his head, to look up at Lucas and gave a big grin. “Success!”
Lucas grinned back glad for his friend, got up and stood in front of the mirror. He studied his angular features and the wrinkles in his jacket deciding it made him appear more traveled. “You don’t think we’re overdressed, do you? You think the sports jacket a bit much?”
“No, no, no,” replied Eric, “this place, a little upscale, in-fact I think we should carry maybe ties in our pockets.”
Lucas laughed. “You think so?” Wondering the comment wasn’t a joke. “Well, anyway I think we look pretty cool.” 
Eric tested his shoe sported a thumbs up while Lucas grabbed their wallets and passports. It felt like it used to be when they were together back home, but this time home was temporarily in Paris, and Lucas wouldn’t have wanted to share it with anyone else.
A whirlwind of a day and now what seemed to be a whirlwind of an evening. Things always happen fast on trips to exotic places. Not that Paris was exotic—just far away from home—a different world made to delight the senses; exotic.
Lucas couldn’t help feel Eric was troubled and put it down to the long day, or just being tired. He quickened his pace to catch up, mustered a smile with a little excitement in his voice, “I can never get over how beautiful cities are at night. I always liked the traffic and people—all the lights and noise. And look at the buildings! All out of some other time. For me, it never gets old.”
“It’s what we said we always liked about Vegas,” Eric thinking back to school days. “The Champs-Élysées, now that is a busy place at night mon amie, full of tourist having a good time and showing off.”
Lucas remembered how they used to run up and down the strip at night with their friends. Sometimes they’d just sit and watch the excitement on people’s faces. Listening to the language and venturing a guess where they were from. He was glad Eric thought back to those days.
 The night was a bit more relaxed as they stopped at the intersection of the Rue de Royale. Down the street was Maxims, and Lucas tugged at Eric’s arm. The restaurant was lit with small rows of lights from above, but they couldn’t see inside. No one famous going in or out. Maybe a bit too early in the evening.
Eric sensed Lucas’s disappointment said, “They have a gift shop.”
That brightened Lucas up. “We’ll have to check it out. Get a couple of souvenirs.” His friend knew he liked to collect some special remembrance of a trip. An object specific to a place. He didn’t travel much, and like Eric, wanted to gather memories of time spent in some other world.
A few more blocks down a small narrow street they entered an area filled with buildings that looked more like apartments than nightclubs. Philippe was right. The place wasn’t too far away from the Rue de Royale. A standout among the normality a neon sign flickered above an archway. L’Enchanteur. 
“The Enchanter?” said Lucas.
“It’s French,” said Eric with a shrug. “What do you expect?” He gave Lucas a devilish grin, bumped his shoulder, and motioned for them to go on.
The street was lined with parked cars—devoid of people. Outside a club Lucas thought kind of strange, but this was a Tuesday night, and early in the evening.
A brief descent down narrow stairs brought them to an iron door which Eric pushed open letting loose a loud techno blast that vibrated Lucas’s ribcage. The hallway was long and dark and at the end, behind a table crammed against the right side of the wall, were two very large men with black t-shirts that covered muscles fighting to get out. Eric took out his wallet and asked how much? The man responded so fast in French Lucas didn’t understand.
He knew the Euro, but he knew clubs better. It was probably too much as he reached for his own wallet when Eric motioned he’d pay. The muscleman took two wristbands out of a box, and twisted them to activate a glow of blue and pink, winked and said Bon Chance. Puzzled, Lucas slipped it on his wrist; Eric indicated pink side up saying he’d explain later.
The techno beat led to another corridor and the top of a set of several wide stairs; a majestic stage above the hidden nightclub with the theater painted in a royal blue. The floor and walls, and even the neon lights were in blue as they cast a soft reflection against a black ceiling lined in decorative gold trim. Lucas could see people dancing opposite the bar separated by a three-quarter wall with two gilded archways. Another set of stairs revealed an open lounge lit by the cool light from crystal chandeliers suspended above groups of blue sofas. The soft texture of velvet caressed Lucas’s hands as he sat and tried to adjust his feet around the acrylic cubes acting as tables. The sensual touch of velvet aroused memories of pleasure as he continued to stroke the couch, Eric’s presence in the mirrored walls the only thing waking him out of his momentary fantasy.
“Not a bad place, huh Lucas? What can I get you to drink?” asked Eric.
“Yeah not bad. Maybe a whisky and ginger ale, and a shot of the same. And you?”
“Just a beer I think, mon amie.”
Lucas only liked juiced concoctions at barbecues and at special events when offered. He was into all kinds of hard liquor, but whiskey being his favorite.
As Eric left for the drinks a petite, blonde, haired girl crashed down on the sofa across from him vibrant and tired, just coming from the dance floor. Despite her stature she had very long legs, probably due-to-the-fact she was wearing a short black, leather skirt. She looked at Lucas and smiled, grabbed the drink from the table and gulped it down to quench her obvious thirst. A bit uncomfortable Lucas looked around the room and noticed a set of gold, metallic steps go up to another bar. A brass rail went across the area as groups of men looked down at what must be dancers below. Eric returned and handed Lucas his drink placing the shot of whiskey on the table.
The blonde girl looked at them both and asked Lucas whether Eric was his boyfriend. Lucas blinked taken by surprise at the question, when Eric spoke close to his ear, and said this place, as his cousin explained, catered to both sexual persuasions. The upper level being for men, and the wristbands if pink meant you’re interested in women, the blue in men. Lucas looked at his band, which had turned to the blue side, smiled, and winked at the girl. She obviously giggled at a very personal question while Lucas turned the wristband back to pink. 
A woman, with even longer legs, set a glass of wine in front of her friend. The petite blonde, ready to finish this one off, stopped short as she lifted it to her lips.
“Jeanette,” said the other woman. “This is your third drink, take it easy.”
She had a French accent to her voice unlike Jeanette. Vacationers? They made Lucas nervous or maybe it was the question Jeanette had asked, or this place. It didn’t matter he needed a distraction the loud music a welcomed answer. Lucas moved close to Eric and asked whether he wanted to go with him to watch the dancers. Eric declined and lifted his beer indicating he’d join him later. 
Lucas tactfully left and went down the stairs to stand with the group of people outside the dance floor. They were all so beautiful and handsome. Lucas noticed the short time he was in Paris that the young men and women were good-looking people. Fashionable, energetic, alive in their attitudes towards life. 
The music was a French rap, for lack of a better word, which he found like all lingual takes on the genre enhanced the pure attitude of the sound. Djs are the rock stars of the clubs and nightlife. Mixes, remixes, electronic scratches of reverberated voices of pop stars have become an art form; venues filled to the brim to see the performance. Fans following the trail of sound to Dj madness.
Next to him stood a young woman eager to get out on the dance floor.  Lucas had been in enough places to recognize the excitement and desire to move to the primitive beat and asked her if she wanted to dance. Not realizing she didn’t speak English she looked at him puzzled at first, but then smiled and gave an accepting nod. They went out among the crowd and started to synchronize their bodies to the rhythm of the music. He began to feel the drink take hold as he started to get lost in his own primal vibe. Lucas loved to dance. If it didn’t seem so strange he’d be dancing out here by himself, just because. His partenaire de danse shared the same love of movement, her young body responsive to the progressive tempo.
 After a while she looked towards the door at the crowd of on lookers. Lucas followed her gaze to a well-featured man, and figured it must be her boyfriend. The young man frowned and took off. Causing trouble in the land of love Lucas? How could you know when you ask who belongs to whom? His new partner with hands in the air turned to him, touched his chest with an apologetic gesture, and ran out after her friend. Lucas stood there stunned at what just happened, a bit embarrassed walked off the dance floor, and back to Eric. C’est la vie.
The club started to get crowded, and Eric gave him a back so soon help me kind of a look. Lucas raised his eyebrows and finished the rest of what was left in his glass. Eric introduced the young woman as Jeanette and her friend Dianne who lives in Rennes with her mother. Jeanette, visiting from the states, decided to vacation in Paris just like they were. Lucas nodded, ready to get him and Eric another drink. He felt like getting damaged for the same reason as Jeanette. That’s what vacations were for. He could sleep it off. Get up late. Eric wouldn’t mind.
Jeanette started to giggle while graphically talking about the men in the club occasionally glancing their way. A young couple asked if they could squeeze in between Eric and their friends making Lucas feel a bit claustrophobic. The noise increased as people’s conversations competed with the music. He was grateful Eric was next to him and wanted to hold on to him for dear life for some reason. Maybe he was just tired. A little anxiety attack. Come on Lucas get a grip.  It’s just this wasn’t what he came to Paris for. This he can get anywhere. It all seemed the same, but why spoil the evening with his ennuis.
Dianne tried to hush her friend and suggested she had enough to drink. They should go back to the hotel and get some rest since tomorrow was the bus trip to Giverny. Jeanette relented admitting she was a little buzzed.
Dianne asked Eric something in French. He spoke in Lucas’s ear; she wondered if they wouldn’t mind seeing them to their hotel since it wasn’t far, not wanting to walk back alone. Chivalry thought Lucas. Two white nights in attendance to young damsels in distress. It could be a trap to lure them outside to get robbed. An imaginative thought dispelled by the fact that Jeanette was more than buzzed.
“You trust us having just met?” asked Lucas.
“Well,” Dianne said with a smiled shrug, “we just met, but there is only the alley to the main street where there will be lots of people, and it is better to be seen with two strong men then to be seen as a couple of women alone.”
Lucas thought about the strange logic, but was glad to be released from his momentary bout of depression. He studied Eric’s expression, and sensed the same rationalization. Perhaps this wasn’t what he came to Paris for either.
Lucas agreed, and all got up to leave the club.
The Rue de Rivoli, opposite the Tuilerie gardens was an exciting place to walk at night. The sidewalk colonnade with its complex of arches and ornamental lights complemented an already impressive street. There were stores with fabulous windows, which displayed the trends of the fashion elite to the many tourists eager to own something French. The traffic, still heavy, added to the sounds of the city, while the crowd of people dressed in a variety of styles hurried to their evening interludes.
Jeanette wrapped her arm around Lucas’s to keep steady from her heeled shoes, and from too many eaux de vies consumed at L’Enchanteur. Lucas didn’t mind. He put it down to Eric charming the ladies. The ladies loved Eric the handsome Frenchman. Even nights out at school they would gather around, Lucas enjoying the fallout.
Posh hotels mingled in the area along this famed avenue, and as they turned the corner Eric asked whether they wouldn’t mind if he stopped in the small store up ahead. Lucas shrugged okay and watched him hurry inside while he tried to steady Jeanette. Dianne attended her cell phone which gave Jeanette a chance to pull Lucas up onto the steps of one of the stores set among the buildings, throw her arms around him, and press her small, soft lips against his. Lucas taken by surprise, hands open to the air, gently put them on her thin waist. Relaxed he slightly opened his mouth to let her have her way. She released him, stumbled again, and grabbed his hand to pull him back to the sidewalk. He knew it was the drink he was kissing, but it pleased his ego to no end.
Eric returned holding a brown paper bag just as Dianne looked up to see what the giggling was about. Dianne rolled her eyes, reached out to Jeanette admonishing her to leave the poor man alone. Lucas grinned at Eric and said, “I’ll tell you later.” Assuring Dianne he really didn’t mind.
As they reached the hotel, the two women thanked their gallantry and hoped to see them around the sites of Paris. Dianne gave Eric a surprise kiss on the cheek, and took Jeanette in hand as they walked inside the well-lit building, leaving both men to stand alone on the busy street.

Chapter Two
Lucas fell on the comfortable twin bed, put his hands behind his head, and took a deep breath glad to be home. He knew his friend was still bothered. The events of the past few hours weren’t so bad. It couldn’t be that.
“An interesting club. It makes me wonder what Philippe gets up to.” 
Eric’s eyes were still, analytically reacting to unknown thoughts.
“I got a chance to dance. You know, and...” Stopping abruptly in mid-sentence he said, “oh, yeah! I have to tell you what happened.” He put his hands in his lap stretching a bit to relax.
“I was watching the dancers, and there was this girl. Real nice. Now that I think about it she probably didn’t speak any English. Well, anyway, she said yes! So we went out on the dance floor when she motions for this guy to come join us. Can you imagine?” Lucas paused to reflect on the moment. “I was a little surprised and began to think maybe this girl was setting two guys up for some kind of threesome. My ego I guess. Wishful thinking?”
Eric sat with a blank expression on his face not reacting to the joke. Maybe he was tired. It had been a long day. A bit of honesty then.
“I didn’t really think that at the time. I’m just used to groups of people dancing together at home. The dance floor open to free expression. Maybe things are different in Paris.”
Still no response.
“She said something in French and ran out after him leaving me alone on the dance floor. I figured he was her boyfriend, wasn’t up for a threesome either. Anyway, there I was all by myself feeling lucky he didn’t come and punch me out.” 
“Dianne just watched her friend get hopelessly drunk. I was glad you came back when you did,” said Eric.
“Yeah, how about Jeanette. She reminded me of us not too long ago. Remember? Getting so drunk we could barely stand.” His eyes glanced at one of the pictures on the wall of sweet cherubs flittering around a half-naked woman.
“I enjoyed this evening, but it’s not what I came to Paris for. I’m tired of the modern rituals. Too many times on the dance floor alone.”
Lucas watched Eric tear pieces from the brown paper bag and pile them up on the empty plate. He knew Eric would do this when he was troubled by something.  Lucas frowned inwardly wanting to kick himself for having depressed the poor man. Damn. He was about to attempt to lighten the mood when Eric sat up, reached into the bag and took out a bottle of wine.
“Let’s get drunk,” he said. “I think since it’s early, we shouldn’t waste this warm night. I say we take this bottle, go to the Alexandre III Bridge, and watch the boats go by. It is beautiful in that part of the city. A wonderful view of the tower from there. Especially at night. It’s just off the Champs-Élysées , remember me telling you?  It’s full of light and people, and like I said, you get a perfect view of the Eiffle tower.” To even intrigue him, further Eric took out a green box of cigarettes.
Lucas sat up from the bed and smiled. “Eric! I haven’t had a cigarette in ages. A smoke would be great. Part of my vacation. At least for two weeks. Thanks.”
Eric went to the mini bar to uncork the wine and slid the bottle into an inside pocket of his jacket. Lucas wondered about a jacket made to fit a wine bottle, but didn’t put anything past his inventive friend.
Out for a second rendezvous with the Parisian night. The past few hours left behind them, Lucas felt a little more relaxed. The wine settled in nicely. To say the Champs-Élysées was an exciting place to walk would be an understatement in any language. The wide street with its illuminated trees, acted as runways for the hundreds of fashionable people come to see this sparkling, wonder of the world. The hot air caught every sense off guard. Site, smell, taste, touch, was tantalized to the breaking point, the mind left to decipher and sort out the reality. Touch, the hard pavement on Lucas’s feet. Shoes he thought the most comfortable in the world were tried to the utmost of comfortability. Still, he had Eric’s forethought of drink.
The variety of activity along this seductive avenue offered a mix of contradictions. Chic clubs and shops boasting big names, mingled with fast-food restaurants diluted by less than couture bars. He loved it. Lucas’s heart beat for big cities, especially at night. From Las Vegas his hometown with its similar avenue, to New York, where he decided you had to be crazy to live there. Washington D.C., with famed L’Enfant design, and London’s hidden doorways along dark alleys inviting tourist to see the best theatre anywhere. All the same in the type of wonderful, wild, vibe of super international stardom. He felt like a rock star, cool and suave, like a movie superspy with all the other people who lived out their own special scenario.
Far, far, way far in the distant stood the Arch de Triumph impressive in its Napoleonic III glory. If from this vantage point you made it all the way down the street without a cab he imagined you would drop to your knees to give thanks in homage of this splendid monument. If not for that, then out of pure exhaustion.
“Thanks Eric,” said Lucas.
Eric’s eyes opened wide as he held the bottle guzzling down some more of the wine. “For what?”
“All of this. For getting me out of my slump. To feel so good.” He reached for the bottle, took a sip, tasting a bit of Eric on the rim. “You always seem to know what to do to make, I don’t know, everything perfect?”
“If it’s perfection you want,” said Eric, “here we are.” Corking the wine he touched Lucas’s sleeve to follow him across the busy street that led them to two large buildings. The Grand Palais to his right and the Petite Palais to the left. The ornate, Art Nouveau lamps with their soft amber light, added to the beauty its creators, bless their little creative hearts, made for people to enjoy for centuries to come.
At the center of the bridge cars rushed fast behind them as crowds of people joined in to enjoy the magnificent view. On the horizon in its sublime splendor stood the Eiffel Tower. A testament to the courage, bravery, and perseverance of its neoteric builders. A metallic lattice of the modern heart, interwoven with light, radiant with a singular truth; freedom of purpose. It showed so beautiful against the cloudy mist of the night Lucas’s eyes began to water. Sentimental from the wine a bit he imagined. Still, it was the thing he had come to see. What a vantage point. What a beautiful bridge. 
Below them was the Seine. The river reflected the light from the city. Green, yellow gold, indigo and dark blue waves reminded Lucas of Monet’s paintings with their small brush strokes of contrasting colors to the same effect.
He took his friends hand. Eric gripped it so hard it almost hurt, but Lucas didn’t care. He savored the moment. To build this memory with his best friend, like so many other treasured experiences from moments shared together.
“Oh,” said Lucas, “my cigarettes.” Lucas reached in his pockets pulling the green package out and placed the paper back into his jacket so as not to liter this perfection. Lucas smiled at Eric and lit the cigarette breathing in the sensual taste. He put his hands on the stone to steady himself from the wine, when Eric took out the bottle, removed the cork, and held it out in front of them.
“Make a wish mon amie. Wish for the most desirable thing in the world. Or, just a wish, something from the heart.”
Lucas blew smoke to the hot, misty wind, and looked at the textured surface. Thought for a moment. “Okay,” nodding his head.
Eric tossed the cork into the river as both men watched. A slow motion as it wavered down into the distance to disappear into the dark, rippling waves.
Eric held out the bottle and said, “A toast, to us. Two handsome young men in this wondrous city, full of charm, beauty, and love.” Eric took a drink, and then handed the bottle to Lucas who threw his smoke into the river, and said, “To us,” deriving a profound pleasure out of the sweet taste.
Lucas studied the people gathered on the bridge. Some with cameras, others talking with excitement, and then there were the couples, arms wrapped around each other, embraced in a kiss. A prelude to their night of sensual pleasure.
“Eric,” said Lucas watching him take another drink. “Don’t you think people find it strange us out here drinking?”
Eric stopped, licked his lips and with a fixed expression said, “Mon amie, people drink all the time outside in Paris. Especially the young. You see, the clubs are very expensive when it comes to ‘the magic’ so they drink in their apartments, or along the Quai, or Pont des Arts before they go out. It’s something that you just do. People are used to it. It’s a part of living here. Perhaps they smile at the young; remembering what they once had.”
Lucas felt the entire day have a profound effect on his psyche. Travel changes how you relate to the rest of the world. Helps to identify your place in a larger scheme. What was his place now that he stood on his own two feet, sore feet, but his feet? Even in a city of luxury like Paris, place welcomes an adventure far from home. All your securities gone, and you live on your own wits. Who do you blame if things go wrong? Lucas blinked to see Eric stare at him.
He put his arm around Lucas’s shoulder. “Must have been pretty intense stuff you were thinking. I thought I lost you.” Lucas put his head down, slightly embarrassed.
“It was. It really was. No matter.” He was about to make another toast, but abruptly stopped. “I think I’m tired,” sighing.
Eric nodded agreement. “Time to go home, Oui, mon amie?”
“Yes,” replied Lucas, “a long day.” Giving the bottle back to Eric they turned to cross the street to leave the Alexandre III Bridge with its majestic tower behind them.
They decided to walk back through the Cours-la-Reine; a small park situated above the river. Occasionally the odd couple, or a small group of tourist that trickled over from the Champs-Élysées joined them.
Lucas and Eric reminisced about the old days at school. How they used to sit in front of the grand hotels on the Vegas strip on the weekends with friends. The many boat rides on the canyon with Lucas’s parents. So many memories they made together in those short years.
The street offered a welcomed silence from its grand, avenue neighbor. The canopy of silver leaves helped to buffer the noise of traffic, adding a cool privacy in its place above the Seine. Lucas walked to the concrete wall built along the edge of the little park and peered down at the colorful boats below lined against the lower embankment.
“Hey,” said Lucas, “up ahead I think there’s a way down. Let’s walk along the river.”
They found the stairs, and Eric jumped on the concrete ledge at the bottom, balanced himself, then with open arms announced, “Mesdames and Monsieur’s, behind me the Cours-la-Reine. Note the feminine monsieur Lucas. Built in 1616 by Queen Maria de Medicis who longed for her native gardens of Florence.”
It was easy to forget that most of the museums and parks where property of the aristocracy. Centuries of building ever more elaborate structures like the Louvre and Versailles where the Sun King housed the court to keep a watchful eye on potential troublemakers. 
Eric was interrupted by a loud screech which brought Lucas’s full attention to the tops of the trees. A rustle of leaves and the breaking of limbs made him squint and focus on the noise, when out of the dark appeared, flying in mid-air, what looked like a large dog. His eyes turned to Eric who was still infoing and realized the animal was on a direct collision course with the back of his friend. Running towards him he began to shout waving his hands pointing to the animal.
“Eric! Jump! Get out of the way!”
Eric stopped talking and turned barely giving his mind enough time to register he was in danger. He leapt off the ledge as the animal flew past, its large paw hitting Eric’s right shoulder.
The empty wine bottled spun out of his hand. Up and up it went spinning higher until for an instant, free from all gravitational constraints it found a moment of pure Zen. A time where eternity can exist between the seconds. An escaped rationalization of reality, of nature itself. Reality wanting its moment back sent the bottle racing to the ground shattering just as Eric fell into Lucas. Both men staggered, holding on to each other to keep from falling.
The animal appeared to float to the ground suspended by an unseen force oblivious to the laws of gravity. Lucas looked at the fur shinning as if it emitted light, or was highly reflective. It went from black to silver, an animated sheen to the animal’s coat. Definitely a canine, but unlike any dog he had ever seen.
“What is it?” asked Lucas.
“I don’t know mon amie,” Eric said out of breath.
“Is it a wolf, maybe?” Lucas tried to remember what a wolf looked like.
“In Paris, in the middle of the city?” Eric still out of breath was afraid to move as he held on to his friend.
“It’s beautiful whatever it is. Look at the fur.”
“Look at those teeth,” said Eric. “It must belong to someone. It must have run away.”
Lucas started to step back worried the animal would attack. “Why is it just standing there looking at us?”
“I don’t know?” replied Eric as he slowly moved to retreat.
 There was a shout from above, which made the animal look up at the trees, and sniff the air. Its gaze turned towards Lucas and Eric, and it began to growl. The animal’s dark eyes began to glow with a bright, yellow light and a loud ringing grew in Lucas’s ears. The noise gathered into an amplification of disconnected voices that made him dizzy when it suddenly stopped, and a whisper tickled his inner ear. Run. Hide. Danger. Now! They both backed-up and stooped down behind an outcropping of the stairway, astonished the ghostly sound came from the animal.
“What the hell,” said Eric.
Muffled noise echoed from the top of the stairs, and the animal’s gaze became fixed as several large men ran down, and stood before it. The eyes changed to black as it lunged forward causing the small group to fall backwards into one another. Satisfied at its little trick, the animal turned, and took off down the bank of the river. The startled men running after it.
Eric let go of Lucas and sat back against the bushes. “What the hell was that? My head. Did you hear what it said? Was it talking to us? How can that be?”
“I don’t know?” replied Lucas. “You heard the voice, didn’t you? The run and hide part?”
“Yes, I did. I don’t know how, but that was no ordinary animal.”
Lucas stood up more curious than shaken as he looked down the river. It was quiet with only the sound of the waves hitting against the bank.
“Let’s get out of here,” said Lucas. He started to go up the stairs when Eric stopped him.
“Wait! Not that way. We’ll go down the way they did. It opens up onto the road just ahead. Maybe we can see what’s happening, what it’s all about. There may be more people up in the park.” Eric pointed to the stairs.
The shadows from the trees covered the small figure of a woman who stood as she watched them make their way along the Seine. Short, black hair covered a porcelain face dotted by bright, red lips. A black leather jacket and tight red skirt reflected the features. She took a cigarette out of a small bag searching for a lighter when she heard a click from a strong, masculine hand. Reluctantly and with an intense stare she took advantage of the offer.
“Well?” asked the man, “and those two,” the hand gestured to Lucas and Eric.
“Before I came to the ledge, I saw them looking at the creature. The animal’s eyes were a bright yellow indicating it was telling them something. I don’t know if it was important, but important enough for it to make contact. Or, it could have been warning them.”
“Would you like us to find out?” said the man.
“No,” her tone despondent. “Not now. We have to concentrate on getting the creature back before this gets out of hand. Let’s hope people think it’s just a runaway dog.” She released another trail of smoke. “Still, they can’t be staying far. We’ll follow, see where they go. Call the—” she stopped at the sound of a phone.
“They have it,” said the man. “It seems he changed. They’re taking him to the house.”
The woman nodded as she crossed the small park to the car waiting by the curb. Her companion rushed to open the door. Another intense, disapproving look as she climbed in.
The couple caught up with Eric and Lucas crossing the street. Tourists, she thought. Handsome ones. Bad they would get caught up in this. Still, probably nothing. That mad scientist would want to know more, seeing the clown was with her, and noticed the yellow eyes. Oh well. Two handsome men shouldn’t be hard to handle. A few questions asked the right way, with the right smile. Leave as many people as you can out of this.
Free from the darkness along the river the Place de la Concorde helped to shake off Lucas’s sense of apprehension experienced after his confrontation with the wolf. Two layered fountains created a sense of excitement with their elegant figures entwined in a shower of water and light. Central to this Navona allegory the Obelisk of Luxor, an Egyptian artifact so ancient a puzzle from a hidden past, it conveyed a peculiar strangeness about it. Like the animal telling them to hide. But hide from what? Those men? Could they have been a danger? That which would seem unfriendly becomes friendly? A protective Parisian spirit in a modern-world?
 He expected to see smashed cars, people screaming—nothing. No sign of a large animal or men chasing it, just the brilliant traffic. For him a beacon of temporary safety.
 Lucas noticed in the jumble of cars, one in particular, rather fancy that waited to merge around the obelisk. It came from the parkway. Did they happen to miss hitting a wolf? Probably not. He’ll look in the papers tomorrow. Maybe something about this excitement, but he had his doubts.
 Crossing the Champs-Élysées Eric suggested they avoid the dark street past Maxims for the brightly lit, crowded walkway across from the Tuileries—the path taken from the club earlier.
“Crazy, huh?” asked Lucas dodging a couple.
“Yes. Very strange,” replied Eric. “I wonder if they caught up with it. I’m surprised we couldn’t see where they went. I guess it doesn’t matter. I got the impression it was having some fun running away,” continued Eric.
“Yeah. Running from what. Its master or creator?” Lucas said as he moved out of the way of a small group of people.
Eric shrugged his shoulders when Lucas noticed a tear on Eric’s jacket. Must be from the animal. They walked in silence the rest of the way back to their Parisian refuge. Lucas spotted the fancy car from the park and concluded they must be tourists on vacation. Vacation thought Lucas. So far, so good, more excitement than he imagined. Different and unexpected. A long day, a warm night. A tiny flash lit up the window. Someone inside took a picture probably of the hotel. How simple it is to become a part of someone’s photographs, a timeless fixture poised in digital memories.
On the way to their room they continued to talk about the incident. Lucas looked at the torn jacket, and wondered if Eric weren’t seriously injured, slightly sick to his stomach at the thought. He didn’t want anything bad to happen to his friend. Holding him close by the Seine he discovered a part of him he never experienced. A vulnerability. He remembered Eric’s heart beating against his hand. And when they hid behind the wall, how he gripped Lucas’s shoulder and arm, silently breathing close to his face. For a moment Lucas forgot about the creature, closed his eyes and opened himself to the sensuality of Eric’s presence. Was this why Eric might have seemed so troubled earlier in the evening? Remembering the events of the day, and times spent with him in the past, Lucas knew he felt more than a close friendship for the dark haired man. Did Eric feel the same way? The thought of being with another man never really brought itself this close to the surface until now. He took a deep breath, and smiled to himself at the silly thought, but began to wonder if the missing part of his own life wasn’t in front of him all the time. There were moments when he wondered about the handsome Frenchman who came into his life.
Lucas threw his jacket over a chair while Eric went to the dresser and removed his shirt to look at his shoulder in the mirror. Anxiety crept into his voice as he checked for cuts or scratches. Lucas moved closer to assure his friend it was good, but could only think about how beautiful his dark hair curled around the back of the neck. What was this?  This sudden attraction to Eric? He exhaled nervously, desire-hammering blood down to his groin. Getting hard instead of being concerned. An awkward show of concern, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t help it.
Lucas moved in front and glanced at Eric’s chest and followed the hairline down to the buckle of his belt. He felt Eric checking him out, and looked up into his innocent, eyes. He took Lucas’s hand; the gentle warmth sent an intense surge through his body as more hot blood made him even harder. Lucas let go, took hold of Eric’s shoulders, pulled him close, and kissed his lips. Eric responded. Lucas fell into Eric’s mouth wrapping his arms around his waist. The embrace strong and firm as he pressed up against him with an instinctive desire. Lucas never experienced this much passion from a kiss. Even with Jeanette tonight his thoughts were with Eric, what he might think. Alone on the dance floor and coming back to the man whom he could count on being there. The blue velvet kiss, smooth and hot. Lucas wasn’t sure what to do next. Finally, he stopped thinking and just let it happen.

Chapter Three
Lucas woke up to the Parisian sun filtering through the windows. The bed was empty on the side were Eric slept. The other bed was still made. He listened for Eric, maybe in the bathroom, but there was only the distant sound of the traffic. He began to wonder where he’d gone, but now awake as if by some alarm he heard the door, and saw him walk in with two large bags.
 “Croissants and coffee,” said Eric holding the bags in the air. “Nothing like it anywhere.” 
He set them on the table, removed a cup, and carried it to Lucas. “Black with sugar?”
Lucas took it from Eric’s hand tickled at all the attention. He smelled the aroma of the coffee along with the sweet scent of Eric as he unpacked the various confections; croissants with chocolate, croissants with almonds, and just plain croissants, nothing like it in the world.
Lucas thought about what might have precipitated last night’s sexual encounter. Was it because they were relaxed from the wine, the excitement of the strange experience they had, or in Lucas’s case a kiss from a pretty girl. Maybe it was all of them put together, but deep inside he knew it was always so. This just happened to be the place. And, what better place. The City of Light, one of the romantic centers of the world, that to could be a reason. But, it didn’t matter he still wanted him. To be with him. In the past relationships had come and gone usually ending with appreciative goodbyes. The result of his true sexual nature kicking in?  He smiled at the thought. He didn’t know that much about love or even what it was. All he knew is what he felt, and the feeling was for Eric. 
Relaxed and glad the morning turned out to be a prelude to a beautiful day he watched while Eric toyed with one of the croissants he was eating. He looked and stared at the beautiful man before him. Black shiny hair hung in his face covering up part of those thoughtful eyes, a hidden strength deep inside. A strength he had the pleasure of experiencing a short time ago.
The eyes spoke, “We didn’t talk much last night afterwards. Not that I minded, but I kind of like to ask, well?”
“When you were in front of the mirror, you seemed anxious and afraid. I couldn’t help it. I wanted to hold you. Tell you everything would be okay. Words didn’t seem to be enough. That last year at school, all the fun we had. More than curious Eric. It was just you. I guess—I never knew this about myself or accepted it, but it’s good though. It’s all-good.”
Eric took a sip of coffee, set the cup back down, and stared into it while he began to talk. “When I saw you at Versailles, I hoped to tell you about myself. There you stood all handsome and carefree. I thought he came all the way across the world to see me. I was afraid because we never really—”
Eric again looked up at Lucas and down at the table trying to hold back the flood of emotion.
“When I saw you last night with that girl coming out of the doorway laughing something inside me broke. My heart fell. I knew why, but I was still happy for you. Lucas being a man, doing what men should do. You get used to that, and I resigned myself to it. Later when you were sitting on the bed talking, you seemed confused and sad. He gets the girl, and he doesn’t know what he wants. Doubts in his mind, doubts in mine. I just wanted to get drunk then and have a good time. I was afraid when that creature attacked me. I hadn’t realized how events could change for the worse. Not enough time to tell you about myself. Then when you stood close to me last night…I took an awful risk reaching out to take your hand. Maybe even loosing your friendship. But, then you reached out to me.”
Eric paused, took a deep breath, “To me. I didn’t have to hide anymore in front of the guy I cared about. All my fantasies and fears washed away in an instant because now I could hold the real you.”
A moment of silence then Lucas stood and held out his hand to Eric. When he got up to take it Lucas wrapped it around his waist and put his head on his shoulder letting the weight of his body sink into Eric’s making him steady him. They both stood in this embrace for a while when Eric whispered in his ear, “Let’s go see Paris.”
Lucas stood on the passerelle Léopold-Sé dar-Senghor smoking. There was half a pack left. The last of what he would enjoy, not wanting to continue the habit. Yesterday was a rush. A dizzying series of life-changing events.
The sun was bright in the early afternoon that made it a hot day. He looked down at the Seine and thought about the perilous night before trying to fathom why the creature told them to run? Wasn’t the danger from the voice itself? It had the teeth after all. He looked over at Eric who fiddled with his camera—the Musee D’Orsay  in the distance. He found it difficult to stop himself from watching everything Eric did. His large hands, his strong features, his dark hair gently being brushed by the warm wind. The sensuality of his touch. Would Eric get tired of him, leave him after the vacation?
A shadow loomed over his thoughts, waking him. It was Eric. 
“Thinking again mon amie? About me, or what happened with that creature?”
Lucas shook his head and gave him an uncertain look. Eric leaned over the edge of the rail holding the camera in his hands. “I love you Lucas. I’m glad we can be together. Close. Able to share more than most men.” The sound of a riverboat from under the bridge broke the silence.
“About the animal. That is something that I feel will come to haunt us.” He held the camera up and focused it towards Lucas.
“You have to be curious? asked Lucas.”
Eric clicked the camera. “I am,” said Eric. “Later I know a place where we can do two things. One get a couple of paid cell phones, and two go on the Internet to do some research. Maybe we can find something about last night.” Eric still clicking the camera.
Lucas perked up and realized it was the Tuileries Gardens at the other end of the footbridge Eric was shooting.
“That’ll work,” said Lucas. I think you’re right, it might come back to haunt us in some way. You get that feeling, huh?” 
Eric put the camera down and shook his head. “Or, could be just a little excitement added to our trip,” as he turned and started to walk to the museum. “Come on Let’s go see some art.” 
“Eric,” said Lucas. “I love you too.”	
Eric stopped turned back around and stood there—a serious examination. Eric’s face softened as he lifted the camera and snapped another picture.
The Musee D’Orsay was an old train station converted into a museum to house the art of the Impressionists in the Beaux-Arts architecture—Neo-classical style of that school it was one of the many museums Lucas could hardly wait to see. Works from Van Gogh, Monet, Manet, Gaugin, Cezanne, the list went on in his mind as they walked across the busy plaza only to be confronted by a very long line of tourist.
“I think we will spend the good part of the day in line,” said Lucas.
Eric saw the disappointment on his friend’s face, “Not to worry those lines are for the bus tourists. Just like at Versailles, we go this way.”
He led them to another set of glass doors where they were able to pay, and within a matter of minutes Lucas stood in the grand homage to art.
The ceiling made of glass and ironwork let the light from the sky above fall onto the ‘paintings of light,’ the impressionism displayed on the walls. An ornate clock, a gilded masterpiece of fantastic craftsmanship, hung at the far end of the station, and presided as the conductor of time over the impressive gallery. What wonders people create to share with one another. Stories they tell in brilliant colors. All those moments brushed out on canvas. An expressive and delicate balance of human experience frozen until viewed.
Another first shared with the man who understood his love for art. A perfect place where in the past dreams boarded trains to uncertain futures. He could only guess at why his imagination ran wild. Definitely lovesick. If this lasted only for the next two weeks, it would be the best.
Lucas sat down across from Manet’s painting Le dejeuner sur l’herbe, The Luncheon on the Grass, originally entitled The Bath, which depicts two naked women and two clothed men having a picnic. Scandalous at the time for its suggestive narrative, Manet forced the viewer to look beyond the story, and into the freedom of the painting. A large canvas, the size reserved mostly for historical subjects, put the viewer in the scene. Still controversial to this day. You won’t see too much of that around thought Lucas.
 “Larger than one thinks?” Eric said as he positioned the camera for a shot.
“Yeah,” said Lucas. “Do remember the dude who took the picture of himself laying naked in front of it. Becoming part of the painting. Something about the people who work here given a camera and asked to take pictures?”
“A sexy dude.” His camera clicking several times.
“Yeah, he was. I wonder if he still works here?” Lucas looked around as if by some strange chance to catch a glimpse of the guy. 
“A colorful painting. The women makes me think of you,” Lucas blurted out of nowhere.
Eric let out a deep sigh, and said, “Oh so now I am your bitch? Your woman?”
Lucas laughed, “No I mean her being naked with those guys in the painting made me think of sex which made me think of you. I can’t get my mind off last night. How I enjoyed holding you. How close we’ve become.” Lucas paused to gather his thoughts, “Do you remember when we first met?
“Yes. It was in that class art concepts with the somewhat strange instructor who asked us to keep a notebook of what we sketched as part of the class project. I never understood what she wanted from us. I didn’t think she knew, either.”
Lucas shook his head in agreement, “I’d stare at you and think how handsome you were. I would draw people’s faces I found interesting to keep in my book. Then you noticed me one day drawing you, and we started to talk. We got along so easily, it was like we had known each other forever, and you from another country.” Lucas stopped to look at a group of young people guided by a woman who spoke in a language he didn’t recognize. She pointed at different areas of the Manet, her recitation getting a laugh from the crowd.
“We became friends that day,” said Eric.
“I looked forward to school just to see my new friend.”
With a final gesture, the guide pointed to another painting as she led the group away. Lucas noticed the young girls eyeing both of them. He put his head down a bit embarrassed.
“Sometimes when I would see girls look at you I’d wonder what lucky one would get a hold of you.”
“So now you’re my bitch, huh?”
“Yeah,” said Lucas with a short laugh as he contemplated the marble floor.
“I didn’t understand at the time the emptiness, but you felt the same way yesterday when I was with Jeanette. I sensed the uneasiness about you, and the distance widen between us. I was afraid I’d hurt you. But, I didn’t know why.”
 Lucas stopped talking as they listened to the noise of the museum. The crowds in the background, musical phones going off occasionally interrupted by some loud bang from far away. The painting of the Luncheon stared back at him especially the two men dressed in all their finery. Dandies they would call them. Fashionably dressed men reaching above their station. A different sort of man? Strange the word hadn’t taken on a more popular meaning, but maybe it had. Him and Eric a couple of dandies? 
“Until graduation, it never hit me that I wouldn’t see you again. And then the day came. You had to go back to Virginia to your beautiful home. To your parents and future. I felt so alone.”
Eric turned towards Lucas, “I felt the same mon amie. I couldn’t wait to Skype.”
“Thanks for setting that up. I needed that,” Lucas watched as Eric set the camera in his lap.
 “What happened last night was a great weight lifted from my shoulders. I want it to continue. Let’s face it this is new to me, and I’m way out of my depth. It’s…well…there’s a whole world of guys out there, and you’re so sexy I—”
Eric smiled and took Lucas’s hand. “Oh mon amie, don’t you think everyone feels that way when they get together. Surely, you must have thought this before when you were with your girlfriends?”
 Lucas grinned, a little nervous. “No. It wasn’t the same. Just what I thought I was supposed to do. Have girlfriends. Somehow it just didn’t seem right, or work out.”
Eric let go of Lucas’s hand and sat up, “You shouldn’t have any doubts about how I feel for you.”
“No, no Eric I don’t have. I—” Lucas stopped. How stupid he’d been. Ridiculous angst. Putting his hand behind Eric’s head, drew near to his mouth, and kissed him.
Eric mussed the hair on Lucas’s head assuring him in his sexy French voice, “Each day, our day mon amie, Oui?”
“Oui,” said Lucas.
“Damn Eric to think that we could have been banging each other all those days at school. What a waste.”
Eric laughed and gave a nod as he gathered his camera equipment. “Two levels and a lot to see?” 
Lucas agreed, and took one last look at the dandies in the park with the naked women saying to himself, Au revoir Manet, au revoir my sweet thing. J’ai trouvé un autre amour.
The D’orsey had become one of the best days of Lucas’s life. Everything he loved in one place. His heart beat a little faster each time Eric explained about the works of art, letting him into his secret world of knowledge. Like the artistic visions framed on the wall, a revelation to trained eyes on how it is done. They babbled on from room to room excited until exhausted and hungry, leaving behind the impressionistic world to find somewhere to have lunch. 
Lucas decided they should eat at the small outdoor cafe which seemed to emerge magically from nowhere in the Tuileries Gardens. He liked the surreal look of the round tables covered with white linen topped with small vases of flowers shaded by colorful umbrellas. They stood out of place among the grass and trees as if someone had planned an elegant luncheon for a grand affair. He thought it romantic. French romantic and didn’t want to miss out on what else this tea party would reveal. As they sat down, he waited to see if a white rabbit or a little girl would come running from the shrubbery shouting they were late, or get hit in the head with a cup and saucer thrown by a strange looking man in a fetching hat. He wondered if Eric would start to make maniacal or illogical statements about the color of the grass being too green.
And, so I find myself in this enchanted world full of graceful propriety, and totally out of order amid my mundane ruminations.
 The waiter, a tall man dressed in a white shirt with black vest, trousers, and shiny shoes, no hat, handed them menus. Lucas nodded to Eric towards the small, white trailer housing the kitchen. Opened with a striped canopy it harbored a rotund man or woman wearing a white chefs hat tightly wrapped around the forehead. Large red cheeks and a wide smile accompanied the wave of bulbous arms as if conducting a symphony to a delightful concoction of well made fare. With an order of crouque monsieur’s, wine and water the patient waiter took the new notes to the culinary symphony, and handed them to the conductor.
Lucas removed out the tenth to the last cigarette, paused before lighting, and asked, “Why did you buy ‘em?”
Eric thought for a moment not quite sure how to answer, “I thought you’d like them.”
“Hmm,” said Lucas. “I don’t know why I asked, I guess it was a nice thing to do. I mean you thinking of me.”
Time stopped as Lucas drifted into Eric’s eyes, a fixed moment of pleasure offered by the argument caused by a maker of hats. A sunny blue sky and the sweet smell of roses added to the fantasy that stirred in his mind until an uninvited sound made Lucas shift his attention to a dark pair of very pointed shoes.
“Hi,” said a young woman. “Do you mind if I sit here with you? The other tables seem kind of full, and well…”
“No. Not at all,” said Eric still a little dazed.
The young woman sat down with a cheerful exuberance before either man could offer her a seat. Her closely, cropped, black hair, dark make up, and bright red lips appeared out of place for her sunny disposition. Not quite an Alice. Lucas raised his eyebrows a couple of times, Eric responded with a playful wink. 
 “My names Jamie, and thanks I’m so tired,” she said, putting a small purse and bottled water on the table.
 “Lucas, Eric,” said Lucas pointing to his friend. 
“I’m just waiting for my boyfriend,” she said frowning. 
“Oh! These shoes are killing me. That’s why he went back to the hotel. To get me some different shoes, and well, actually the camera’s battery went dead while we were in the Louvre. I told him I would wait here. I didn’t want to go all that way to the hotel.” She paused long enough to reach into her purse and take out her cell phone. “I had no idea, these museums were so huge, and they go on forever, all that walking. I thought these would be good enough but—you guys on vacation?”
Lucas looked back at Eric to see who would answer, Eric coming out of his stupor said, “We’re here for a few weeks.”
“We’re here only for a few more days and then off to London,” said Jamie. “Oh! Have you been to the Louvre yet? Have you seen the Mona Lisa?” 
“No, we haven’t but—” replied Lucas when Jamie interrupted, “It’s a lot smaller than I expected, and to tell the truth I really don’t know what all the fuss is about, it seemed such a dark little thing. Almost lifeless.” Jamie’s mind seemed to wander causing an awkward silence.
“We’ve just gotten back from the D’orsey museum,” said Eric. “You should go there, it’s not as big, and the paintings are a little more colorful.”
Oh don’t get me wrong,” said Jamie. “I like paintings and all and I love this city. It’s so crowded, all these people and excitement. Such crazy things seem to happen.”
Lucas noticed Eric sit back in his chair a little annoyed, or tired, probably hungry. He knew he was. Lately, it seemed the women they met were a little odd. Not that it mattered. Jamie seemed odd. Maybe Eric sensed that. She seemed out-of-place even as a tourist. Lucas shrugged to himself and put the thought out of his mind wishing he ordered coffee instead of wine.
“I mean just last night my boyfriend and I were walking by that Luxor obelisk when down from the river came this large dog that just ran through the traffic. I thought the poor thing was going to get hit. And then a group of men came running after it. It seemed kind of funny, really. But, I imagine things like that happen all the time here in the city. You know?” Jamie put her cell phone down and took a sip of water.
A curious coincidence. Despite the outward appearance Jamie started to fit into this peculiar rabbit hole. Eric removed himself from his obvious boredom; his attention directed at the curious girl.
“We might have seen that dog and those men as well,” he said in a soft, seductive voice. “We were walking back from the bridge when it came flying by us. We thought it unusual and maybe a little mad. Didn’t know what to think. It stopped, looked at us, and when it heard the men, it ran away. We were concerned it would get hurt as well, or maybe cause an accident.” Eric waited for a response, but Jamie sat in silence her eyes blank.
A mad dog and nervous rabbit, Paris began to take on some interesting characters, thought Lucas. What could she possibly want to know about the animal? Is this just a coincidence? His sensibilities started to kick in; the vision of the so-called dog or wolf flooded his psyche with yellow eyes, and the unearthly sound that rang in his ears. A beautiful animal and now a beautiful woman somehow connected through a quirk in time, an appropriate game in the garden of the Red Queen.
“Well, I’m sure it’s probably fine,” said Jamie still searching. “Such an exciting place, this. Can you imagine a cafe in a park?” changing the subject as she reached inside her purse. “Do you mind if I smoke?”
“Not at all,” both men replied.
Before she could light her cigarette, the phone buzzed a message causing her to look to the other side of the cafe. “There he is,” she said waving her hand. A tall man in a dark suit waved back. Another guest for the tea party, this one definitely an unknown card.
“I hope he didn’t forget my shoes. Well, it’s been fun meeting you two, and maybe we’ll see each other again sometime. Enjoy the rest of your vacation.”
Lucas and Eric started to get up, but she left so fast, perhaps late for another party, they hardly had time to say goodbye. The waiter came with their food and prepared the table for the afternoon lunch as Lucas sat down with a puzzled look on his face.
“That was odd,” he said.
“Toute autre chose?” the waiter asked as he finished writing the check.
“Non C’est bon, merci,” said Eric, busy with a glass of wine.
“Yes, it’s funny she brought up the dog. It’s no coincidence Eric,” said Lucas carefully picking up the bread of his sandwich to check underneath.
“What’s even funnier mon amie is that I don’t think her boyfriend brought with him her change of shoes?”
Lucas turned and watched the odd couple walk along the path of roses towards the Louvre. The man was taller than Jamie with hands devoid of camera or shoes.
“Cameras are small. Shoes he just probably forgot. And I don’t know Eric, I mean it could be just a coincidence, that’s how things happen, but I’m glad someone else had seen what we did. It makes it a lot less strange I think.” He paused to taste the wine. “But, do you believe she’s following us?
“Maybe. Either way I don’t think it’s anything to worry us. Who knows maybe she is staying at our hotel. We could watch for her, question her more if you like. The day is so perfect and the wine is good, and you look so handsome, I can’t think of anything else. We can check the Internet after lunch, you know, maybe we can find an answer to that unusual animal. As for her?” 
Eric smiled a Chesire smile stirring up in Lucas the desire he’d been pushing back for a good part of the afternoon, and for just a moment he felt like jumping across the table, and making mad passionate love to him right there on the unusually colored grass.

Chapter Four
A seller of sails read from a book while he waited for a child or adventurous tourist to rent one of the colorful boats displayed on his rickety cart. Jamie and the suited man caught his attention. He hoped the couple might be enfents de coeur, and would want one of the petite bateaus to set adrift in the circular fountain of his beloved Tuileries—the garden deriving its name from the tile factories of long ago. He sighed as they passed surprised they would give up the chance for he recognized they were touched by something magical. Ah, maybe they haven’t caught up with themselves, he thought. No matter the children will come. It is a sunny day.
“Was it worth the waste of time?” the suited man goading Jamie on.
“Where did you park?” she asked. They continued to make their way past people her irritation caused by heeled shoes necessary to play out the little deception.
“Just on the other side of the Louvre,” he said.
“I hate cities, never anywhere close to park. I hate the walking and the crowds. This was a mistake,” said Jamie.
“I wouldn’t have even been here today if you weren’t with me last night. You would have said something.” She waited for an answer. “Just a couple of tourists running across what they thought was a mad dog.”
The man started to laugh a little, and said, “Ah come on, I didn’t care about those two. You can’t tell me you’re that concerned about what I would say to the professor. You brought up the glowing eyes. It’s trying to communicate with them you said, and now you spend a few minutes asking stupid questions and pretending for nothing. Blame it on me?”
He was right. She was the curious one. Still, what did she really expect to find out? The animal told them something, but what. Maybe it was just an attraction. Maybe she was getting bored. Wanted to meet people outside her imprisoned group.
“Your right,” she said with an air of resignation. “I’m just a little irritated with this whole mess. I don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
The man shook his head. “You know this is all about David. He was the one who let the other wolf loose. Probably hoped it would transform so his new friend could run away.” He waited for a response interested as to why she created the deception. Did she know more then she let on? Outwardly quiet and tough—another deception?
“Jamie! You’ve become attached and want to protect him. I get it, but we have another problem. It seems the professor suspects that David has been sneaking out at night.”
Her attitude came back fueled by the words of a man she considered a necessary evil. Not a father confessor or psychoanalyst, or even a friend. David is a friend, and she wanted the best for him. If that were possible now with the invasion of the suited man and his crazed thugs.
“So what’s wrong with that, he’s not exactly a prisoner,” frustration replaced by curiosity.
“Sneaking out as the wolf,” he said with apprehension, afraid of further retributions.
Jamie looked down at the ground as if it would help, “Go on.”
“It seems he’s able to transform without the drug, and his counterpart may be doing a little exploring.”
“And, how does the professor know this? What makes him suspect?” anger in her voice.
“He found out talking with the people in the neighborhood. They commented on a strange, dog like, red-coated, over-friendly animal standing on top of cars, and get this, looking in peoples windows.”
Jamie turned back in the direction of the cafe and wondered about Lucas and Eric. A dead end? Has David found out more about the transformation he’s not telling? What a dangerous game this may turn out to be.
“The old man wants us to keep an eye on David. See whether it may be true. David trusts you. Since my involvement he no longer trusts the professor, but we need to find out how much control he may have over the transformation. If this is true...”
Jamie interrupted, “I’ll keep an eye on David, I’ll try to find out. These animals so far have been peaceful until last night, but that one just knocked down a few doors and people, and ran away,” surprised at her own irony. “They seem to be more curious than violent. I imagine they’re capable of much more. We will have to be careful.”
The suited man stared into Jamie’s eyes, “The professor has yet to be able to communicate with the wolf successfully. Just bits and pieces of disconnected words, and you’re right they are capable of more. If David’s wolf is exploring, we won’t be able to cover things up. Last night was a warning. We can’t lose control.
“Caught between opposing forces,” reflected Jamie; events out of control. A possibility she may have to consider.
The estranged couple left the park confronted by more people and the sounds of congested traffic. Jamie shook her head in disgust, her shoes glad to be off the graveled paths of the Tuileries.
A small, thin, dark-haired young man with blue-gray eyes watched the suited man and the young woman get lost in the crowd as they made their way towards their car. He leaned up against the sandstone wall, part of one of the many entrances to the park, and considered what to do next. David had followed them ever since they left the house. He didn’t trust the man the professor was associated with, or the people for hire. They’re dangerous, and all his senses warned him to watch them closely. And now even the elusive Jamie might try to trick him as she tried to deceive the two men in the cafe.
He felt nervous as passersby glanced his way perhaps aware of the danger lurking inside. But he wasn’t a danger. The red wolf was friendly. It was alone in its own world too independent to be a part of any pack. Alone and independent as he was. Maybe that’s why it picked him.
David put his hands in the pockets of his jeans, and with head down walked back to the outdoor cafe. He took an instant liking to Lucas and Eric ever since Jamie found out who they were at the hotel. It wasn’t hard to listen in on the conversation from a distance. He can stand far away and hear people talk as if right in his ear. A gift from the wolf. A physical attribute left from the transition.
Lucas Vallot and Eric d’Aumont, so French, not like mine. He paused to think about the advice the professor gave him to stop focusing on the negative, “but my name is very French. David Gavel, he thought with a smile, but despite the positive it still made him think of his parents. The family he never had.
Yes, he liked Lucas and Eric, or maybe it was the life they lived. Friends in Paris, on vacation and having fun. Going somewhere together to experience new adventures. They were in love with each other. He had never loved but, loved many times, is that not what they say. No friends or lovers for him. Who could love an insecure and frail orphan? Now, that he was older, a young man it was only a matter of time before he was sent out into the world alone. Some orphons ended up with the wrong type of people, getting in trouble, and sent to another home or worse prison. He couldn’t help it, being afraid and insecure. The wrong type of people surrounded him because of what has happened, but he decided to take a different path, one he’d hoped would bring him to a better fate.
Lost deep in future possibilities he found himself back at the cafe in the middle of a crowd of people. Panic seized him. Another anxiety attack brought on from inward reflections awakened by the realization you’re not alone. He stopped, shut his eyes to gain strength, and made his way to a bench where he sat down. A cold chill crawled up his skin along with an unsteady balance that accompanied the change. But why? It can’t be happening now! David could hear voices in the distance, words out of focus. A failed attempt at communication? The red wolf reaching out from the void?  How could it know what happens in this earthly realm? He breathed a deep breath of normality as the symptoms passed. He looked around and wondered what could have brought that on, his eyes caught a glimpse of a structure beyond the trees of the park. The Obelisk of Luxor. That was it. He was near an energy source. He began to understand the nature of the transformation. How these ancient structures might be involved. Relieved it wasn’t his own inner angst clawing its way to the surface incensed at being ignored, he reminded himself this was all new. A wayward, frail young man uncertain about everything and everyone, even the red wolf.
David got up to follow Lucas and Eric as they left the outdoor cafe took a few steps and instantly froze when he sensed a mind focus in on him. Lucas had stopped as if tapped on the shoulder by someone and turned to look around. David stood still and wondered what had made this momentary connection. The energy from the obelisk no doubt.
Lucas shook his head a bit annoyed as he and Eric walked away. Interesting thought David, could he sense the wolf? Could he hear it like me? He watched as they went down the sidewalk to look for a cab.
What would it be like to make love? I never made love to anyone. To have someone hold me in their arms naked and abandoned free of all constraints. Did they have any constraints? They must, considering society rejects the idea of men in a sexual embrace. They understood what it meant to be looked down upon, careful to befriend a chosen few.
He could trust them. They seemed kind and would help. Not too many people had been kind to David. He tried to help last night the other young man. To free him and the gray wolf from captivity, but without success. Lucas and Eric couldn’t have known the creature they met for a brief moment in the park, but from what Jamie told the professor he knew it had chosen to befriend them.
David seized up, and the hot sun of the afternoon paled as the cold chill swirled around him. He heard voices again this time a successful attempt to imprint a message of one word; agreed!
David couldn’t breathe and gasped for air when the sun came to restore his mind back to reality. Alone again with the crowd of people oblivious to his pain he asked; why should this happen to me? 
It was time to go home before it was too late. Before Jamie and the suited man returned and found him missing. He felt right about Lucas and Eric; they could help. I’ll call them. I’ll send a message to bring them again to the Jardin des Tuileries so they could meet the strange creature he called the red wolf.

Chapter Five
The Internet cafe on the Rue de Jouy, situated on one of the side streets near Notre Dame, offered an informal look into everyday life. Parisian side streets were small in comparison with the ones in Lucas’s hometown of Vegas where the space up or down appeared infinite. This one in particular resembled a large sidewalk with shops squeezed together competing for attention. They didn’t lack in charm each with a colorful sign or informative window to let the passerby know what was inside. Clothing, art, phones, people. Lucas noticed the young people lined up and down against the buildings alone or in groups. All carried with them satchels, backpacks, or some kind of accessory to house their electronic world. An extended existential study hall or maybe just a trendy gathering spot. He didn’t question Eric why the stoic crowd, but it made him think back to his own days at school.  
The cell phones they bought added a welcomed security given past events. Lucas punched in the strange set of numbers as he and Eric made the obvious jokes. It didn’t have texting capabilities, but the wifi would enable him to download music once they reached the cafe.
Lucas enjoyed a variety of music. From classical to rap. He couldn’t imagine a world without it. Earbuds connected to his head became a permanent fixture. Besides the possibility of losing his phone on this trip he wanted to spend a couple weeks devoid of technology. It didn’t work as he caught himself several times checking in fear of having lost his invisible attachment. Now that his security blanket was back either here or at the hotel he’ll download some music to listen to while the museum tours continue. Something classical. Adagios. Slow and romantic it would be just the thing to play while kissing the Madonna.
The Internet Cafe although Spartan had colorful dividers between the computers lined up against the wall. The place wasn’t crowded, and they found two computers off to the side where they could have a little privacy. Eric typed away while Lucas tried to orientate himself to the French language. He had to concede and ask Eric to adjust the computer for English. He watched Eric scrolling, and strained to see exactly what caught his interest since Lucas didn’t even know what to search for, or where to look.  The website had a red background and a bright flashing banner with small square boxes full of men in erotic positions and doing erotic things to one another. Lucas moved closer as Eric turned and gave that beautiful grin pointing to one of the pictures, and asked, “What do you think?”
“Sometimes these pictures make my fantasies seem tame,” said Lucas. “I didn’t know you could get on to sites like that in these types of places?”
“I don’t know,” said Eric. “I just typed it in to see what would happen, and voila!” Eric continued to scroll and stopped at a row of pictures. Lucas wondered what particular photo or sexual act caught his eye. The muscular, well-endowed men made him glad neither of them took up weightlifting. Eric clicked off the site, sat back, took a deep breath and gave him a look filled with a helpless desire. “Let’s not spend too much time here, bien?”
“Yeah, maybe we should have stayed in bed all day. I’ve been fighting it all afternoon.”
Eric put his chin on Lucas’s shoulder and gave him that helpless look again.
“Oui.”
“So what exactly do we look for? I mean do we look under wolves, genetic experiments, werewolves?”
“You look under wolves, I’ll look at some local news sites.”
Lucas turned his attention to the keyboard and typed the word wolf, which gave him five hundred and fifty-one million results.
“Well, that narrows it down,” Lucas talking more to himself.
The images of wolfs were similar to the animal they saw last night, but there were too many differences. It was the ears. Their animal had a much larger head with bigger eyes; black, when they weren’t yellow. The eyes in these pictures were small and narrow, slanting more towards the snout. The fur was all-wrong, too. It had a glassy sheen as if it were a kind of glass or fiber. Lucas thought of optical cable when cut fanning out in hundreds of strands with lighted tips. It seemed unnatural, not fur at all. This was getting him nowhere, and he began to get annoyed unable to find an answer, plus the fact he was horny as hell. He looked over at Eric’s face with its dark stubble, which had grown considerably, and closed his eyes to fight back the urge that bombarded every cell in his body. My wolfman. 
Werewolf. This time a little over nine million results, and to his surprise werewolves had features that resembled those of the animal in the park. The larger head, arched back, the longer limbs and paws—more human like than that of any normal wolf. Fascinated by the artistic renditions of werewolves all thoughts of Eric left him as he sifted through the different sites about the history and lore of this unfortunate creature.
The stories had a paranormal connection as a catalyst. But, was what they saw supernatural? He did hear a voice telling him to hide. Even in the gardens just a little while ago he thought voices whispered in his ear. It was a knee jerk reaction to look back, and what did he expect to see? He didn’t mention this to Eric. Didn’t want to worry him.
Lucas was a child of pop culture, the Hollywood culture. Bombarded with literature, music, and movies made him want to live a scenario type of lifestyle, which he thought most Americans did. We live like stars from the silver screen. Pick one and fashion your days as a bygone musical of laughter and tears. Now it’s happening to him except in the genre of horror. Dark drama captured in celluloid by the French illusionist and filmmaker Georges-Jean Méliés. Here I am one minute in a Parisian cafe, and the next in the eye of the moon.
Ancient pop icons Romulus and Reemes, two children mothered by a wolf. Egyptian hieroglyphs depicting people with the heads of animals. Icons not of interest? Lucas did notice a pattern in the history, which started with the Vikings. Warriors would put on the pelts of a bear or wolf before battle with the belief they would take on the characteristics of these animals. Indian cultures told tales of skinwalkers and Shamans entranced by magical herbs and hypnotic rhythms who would commune with the spirits to become a physical manifestation of the animal guide. Was it an ancient shaman that he and Eric met that night being chased by an over enthusiastic group of ghost hunters?
The dark ages gave a more medieval account of people offered this ability by the dark side of Christian belief. The story of Jean Grenier was about a young adolescent boy who ran away from an abusive childhood and met up with another young man who introduced him to the lord of the forest. The lord of the forest took a liking to the youths, put a mark on them and gave them the pelt of wolfs to wear. Like the skinwalkers the young men turned into wolves, but before putting on the pelts an ointment was needed to be rubbed on the bodies to induce the transformation.
The two would terrorize the countryside killing animals and especially young children. Eventually Jean was caught and confessed to the murders. The court showed mercy, because of his youth, put him in a monastery under close observation; escape coming at the high price of the gallows. Jean accused his father of sorcery and werewolfism, but Pierre Grenier was released after interrogation, knowing nothing of his son’s crimes. The authority looked for the other young man who had fled never to be found.
The story of Pierre Burgot and Michel Verdum were similar. Pierre made a deal with three black dressed horsemen. One promised to protect his sheep and give him money in return asking him to denounce God. Reluctant to do so he was paid a visit by Michel Verdum who told him to strip naked and rub himself with ointment. Michel did the same, and both men transformed into wolves where they roamed the countryside killing people. In time they were found out, caught and put to death. What that had to do with the three horsemen Lucas didn’t understand, but the part about two naked men rubbing themselves with a wolf changing ointment made him look over at Eric. He smiled to himself and read on.
Other accounts included the Beast of Gevaudan, wolves with large tails and a reddish tinge to their fur. The perpetrator, like Jean, was sentenced to a madhouse. None of this fit the experience, but Lucas thought it strange that the wearing of animal pelts, and some potion rubbed on the body would transform a human being into an animal.
He searched under genetic experiments and found several articles one in which geneticists created the first see-through frog. This peeked his interest because if someone could do that perhaps the animal they met was a poor creature escaped from a genetics lab. It fit more than a werewolf story. He was an artist not a scientist, but he knew there was more to this animal than evolution. It had to be the handy work of a mad scientist.
He grew tired and stretched a bit asking Eric if he had found anything of interest. No news about escaped animals roaming the streets of Paris. He even looked for the missing getting only a list of cats and ordinary dogs. Lucas recounted his stories as a patient Eric sat up to listen of broken souls taken by dark spirits into a world of shadows and death. His blank expression and serious eyes opened as if ready to make a profound revelation.
“I think I know a place where we can buy some magical ointment, go back to the hotel and rub it all over our bodies to see whether our wee wolves turn into giant, mad and throbbing, hairy werewolves.”
Laughter burst out of Lucas at the thought of the little wee wolves, but more from the way Eric pronounced it with his French accent. Like a couple of kids in the back seat of a car that shared some secret joke they carried on; people around them uninterested, or just polite not to pay any attention. It was good to see Eric laugh. It touched Lucas’s heart to share these moments of fun again. Eric wiped his eyes and smiled at Lucas’s sudden silence as if he read his mind.
“Let’s go,” said Eric. “We can find nothing hear about what we saw. And who cares anyway? Let’s go have some fun.”
The bright sunlight hurt the eyes as they continued to breakup now able to vent louder, which caused the somber mood on the street to look their way. Perhaps wondering what was being served inside the digital cafe?
 “Quelle belle journee, mon ami,” said Eric.
“Yeah, it is a beautiful day Eric.” We make it beautiful, thought Lucas as he glanced at their reflections in the shop windows. Together again. Having fun. I needed you. I don’t know why. A mirror image of myself reflected back?  How can I tell you it’s more than desire? Because we’re here in Paris on this tiny street, first time lovers. What are the odds of that?
“Thinking of me again, Lucas?”
“Lucas smiled as he put his head down and admitted he couldn’t think of anything else. 
 Eric let go of Lucas his hands and arms animated as he continued, in French, about hairy transformations under romantic full moons. Stumbling from more laughter they made their way to the end of the Rue du Jouy to look for a cab.

Chapter Six
After the longest ride in the world Lucas rushed in the room and stripped naked for a late afternoon of lovemaking. To be this excited about another man’s body, a new sensual experience to explore every time they would embrace, he didn’t try to understand. An inner chemistry that took hold when they looked at one another. It’s in the eyes. In a touch. Not just about chemistry, but something deeper within the male psyche? Fate? Written long ago before the world began, together for an unknown reason that served a higher order? Did it matter?
Lucas never gave the poor man a chance to remove his socks, but took hold of his wrist and pulled him to the bed. Eric fell on top with a loud moan of pleasure and adjusted the pillow behind Lucas’s head. Needle like stubble pressed into the soft corners of his mouth as legs intertwined, the slick sweat of their bodies provided a natural lubricant to pleasure, taken advantage of with every movement. Ready to explode at any moment he held back until helpless as the sensuous needles continued along the smooth skin. The touch of silky hair and hot breath drenched both men as the pent-up flood burst, to be stopped with a loud, abandoned moan. Out of his daze Lucas could hardly move, but with a hunger to please turned the wet man on his back eager to release the rush of hot passion this beautiful, hairy wolf kept just for him to enjoy. 
Lucas’s head rested on Eric’s stomach while his fingers played with the thick curly hair, the taste and texture a strong memory of self-gratification. A gentle touch on the back of the head that moved down to the neck and followed the curve of his shoulder went straight to his groin. He loved this and wanted more.
“I’ve been thinking,” said Eric.
“Thinking about what?”
“About that animal we saw. The way it tried to communicate with us.”
Leaving the sensual reverie to sit shoulder to shoulder his head now rested against the sexy Frenchman.
“You heard it, the loud pitched sound going through our heads, and then the word hide in our brains. It tried to warn us. That wasn’t an animal. That was a creature of intelligence. What I can’t understand is where could such a thing come from. A genetic experiment? Maybe someone was augmenting his or her creation and it escaped. But what I don’t get is how it’s eyes changed color.” 
Eric turned sideways, and ran his fingers up and down Lucas’s chest and stomach, as if it helped him to think.
“You were saying about the genetic experiments of the see-through frog perhaps a mad scientist did the same with the eyes.”
Lucas thought about it for a moment enjoying how Eric thought, and said, “You know everything set aside if you’re right this doesn’t really seem so strange at all. It still doesn’t explain what we heard. Could have been some new kind of audio projection device attached to the animal. Someone playing a joke. Who knows?”
Eric reached across to the other side of the bed, grabbed the phone setting it on Lucas’s chest. “Hungry?”
“Yeah hungry,” as he looked into his eyes.
 “Whatever you get that’ll be good, but get some coffee.”
Lucas listened as Eric rattled on in French catching glimpses of familiar words. The baritone voice always gave him pleasure. One of the many delights of Eric. Some day I’ll have to learn to speak the language better. It’ll be fun with his new teacher. Getting excited again he pulled the phone off his chest, kissed Eric on the forehead and made his way to start the shower.
The cool water along with the scent of lavender and almond applied by masculine hands flowed down his slender body. What a gentle lover. Taking advantage of every opportunity to arouse and stimulate his senses. He backed up into Eric to let him have his way expecting, not knowing why, to rough him up a bit just for fun. Lucas mentioned this inciting Eric to squeeze the washcloth full of water all over his face. Begging for more he thought that was still a pretty tame thing to do.
Drying themselves off they heard the dinner bell. Eric left the bathroom towel wrapped around him, and opened the door for the server to bring another lavish table into the room. Eager to see the feast Lucas hesitated for a moment and wondered if he should come out. He didn’t want to embarrass Eric, but at the same time didn’t want him to think he was embarrassed. To bad they didn’t have robes, but would that have made a difference? What if it’s a woman?
Dark slicked back hair, long nose and slightly tanned skin the man could have been Eric’s brother. The server only nodded as he took the black book eyeing Lucas with a second glance as he shut the door.
“I think he likes you mon amie.”
“I was afraid to come out, thought it might be a woman.”
“I didn’t think I was half-naked when I went to answer the door. Not quite proper, but he must be used to it I would imagine. Maybe we should have asked him to stay.”
“I thought I might embarrass you, I guess, well you know how people could be.”
Eric sighed, “Ah, my beautiful, handsome, shy little man. I would stand naked in the middle of the Point Neuf bridge with you wrapped in my arms for all to see.” He flung the towel on the chair with a suggestive grin.
Lucas wondered if he really would have invited the man to stay fantasies whirling around in his head as he removed his towel.
“Naked lunch?” said Lucas.
“Naked lunch, woo-hoo!” said Eric.
“Little?” asked Lucas.
The meal consisted of croissant chicken sandwiches and a Niçoise salad with the best dressing. Fruit was sliced and formed in a variety of decorations lined up the side of the plate. It was a delight to taste something so simple and have it excite the senses with flavors that made one wonder what they’ve been missing.
“You know, I can’t really cook,” said Lucas.
Eric gave a shrug and looked at him tight-lipped. “I can’t cook either. I guess we both may starve to death. We could take classes, or better yet you can take the classes and I’ll wash the dishes?”
“Well, when I’m with you I don’t think too much about eating, besides being French your mother must have cooked some great dinners.”
“You see, Lucas she didn’t cook. We had a cook. Dinner at six in the evening.”
“Always?”
“Oui, most always.”
Eric slid his chair closer the touch of their feet and legs a powerful, masculine enticement to arousal. Selecting a piece of fruit Eric offered it to an eager Lucas, the cool, sweet taste a fleshy caress along with finger and thumb against his lips. As they continued the fruited play thoughts of sexual wonders in the days to come wandered through Lucas’s mind. They’ve only been together twice, and he didn’t know how to approach Eric about what he liked or wanted him to do to please him. Or, should he? Trying to be brave he looked directly into seductive, brown eyes and just asked. Eric stopped, straightened up with arms open to the air to put his elegant form on view. 
“Take a look my love. This is all yours. To do anything that turns you on. Think of me as the fantasy you always dreamed of.”
Eric said this with humor in his voice, but Lucas sat wide-eyed and stared at the beautiful man. With a tug in the stomach he swallowed hard to fight back tears. To find someone to satisfy the uncontrollable lust and emotional need searched for in an unforgiving world hit him hard. Lucas couldn’t help it as he sat frozen. Eric relaxed, smiled, and put his hand around Lucas’s neck pulling him close to let his headrest against his shoulder. 
“Ah, my sweet Lucas I feel it too.” A moment of sensual symbiosis as slender fingers stroked the blond hair and muscular neck of his sensitive friend. Lost in mutual tension lips moving closer both men jumped bumping heads together as the phone rang.
 They sat up and tried to recover as the phone continued to ring. Eric got up to answer, and all Lucas could think about was being thrown on the bed while Eric banged the life out of him. An unrestrained submissive act to satisfy his beautiful man.
Eric started to speak in French to whoever was on the other end as his excitement started to return to half its size. It must be a wrong number as Lucas got up and went in the bathroom. A splash of ice cold water on his face and penis with quick, deep breaths calmed him down. Satisfied he was under control he went back to the bedroom and started to get dressed. Eric hung up and Lucas noticed that the excitement ended up nestled in his black curly hair. Something made Eric tighten up and wondered what news could have changed his mood hoping it wasn’t bad news.
“It was music.”
“Music?” Crashing down in a chair half dressed.
“Oui, musique just for us lovers. The sound of a waltz from somewhere outside. I can hear people and traffic. I heard the sound before. I think it’s from the carousel inside the Tuilieries gardens.” Eric put his arms to his sides and shrugged. “A wrong number? You know, someone on their cell phone.”
He ran his hand over his face relieved as well, and said, “It is a wondrous thing to see at night. We should go and take a look, maybe take a ride.”
Eric was puzzled as to why his friend was so quiet in his khaki’s, bare chested and handsome until he looked down, gave a short chuckle the beautiful head starting to come out from its hiding.
Dusk settled in from twilight with a haze that rose up to the sky keeping out the stars. On their way to the Eiffel Tower they would stop by the Gardens of the Tuileries carousel and take pictures. Eric sure that’s where the waltz he had heard from the wrong number must have come from. The gardens, open until dark, would give them enough time to capture the magical roundabout spinning in its lighted, baroque style splendor.
Lucas always thought of himself an average looking guy, but Eric the more handsome of the two, and smiled when girls would whisper, eyes quickly diverted. He knew they weren’t thinking of them as a couple only as two boys on the town in Paris out for a good time. He had an old fashioned compulsion to wrap his arm with Eric’s only if to show the world how happy he was. He couldn’t have imagined ever being so free. Released from the bonds of our own repressed desires, the inner hunter with a crazed purpose, stalks the wild garden of the Tuilieries to satisfy a lustful hunger. He’ll write that in his vacation journal.
Surprised the gardens were so crowded at this time of the evening he quickened his pace in excitement as they entered. Like a little kid going off to some magical place of wonder he knew that it must be Eric who made him feel this way. The walls and trees blocked out the light from the city outside. Only the decorative lampposts help to reveal the paths. A romantic path that led to adventures in loves relationship with a city to be revealed. Shutting out the noise he pictured the Eiffel tower especially at night. Eric said they could take the metro which would drop them off nearby, and if lucky to be able to take the elevator up to the top to see the spectacular view of Paris. The nocturnal breeze from a thousand feet below stinging the face and eyes that twinkled with the tiny lights of a city that only slept in the pre-dawn hours. And if you had a really good time ‘till late afternoon.
Stopping because Eric stopped he was brought out of his romantic dream by the words, “Voila mon Amie, Le Carrousel.” 
Lucas stood there as Eric took out his camera and watched as the lights sped past illuminating the trees and the leaves to sparkle around the swirling race of stylized animals. The scalloped white and gold ride held a mix of pastel horses, a large ostrich, green-colored train engine and what appeared to be an expensive tea cup, which spun around adding an extra thrill. On four sides drapery hung down to the bottom tied to thin brass poles, and angels with white wings sat on top ruby colored orbs interspersed with ornately red and gold-framed murals of Paris. Underneath the canopy and in-between the rows of lights were more paintings of the city, mimicking the style of the grand palaces with their allegorical scenes of dynastic splendor. And to add a final touch large, round, brightly lit globes hung between them like giant pearls.
Lucas cut through the small crowd of people as he took pictures of Eric taking pictures. Moving to one of the empty benches set around the park, he sat down to absorb the beauty. Eric sat next to him to share what he shot; commenting on how well the digital camera took pictures with very little light. The Ile Saint-Louis waltz added a sense of romance to the whole scene as a couple danced to the sweet sound, laughing at some private joke between them.
“I always think of those movies where they would show these huge ballrooms with mirrors and golden glass, the whole scene being filled with men and women dancing to this kind of music,” said Lucas. “Always thought it was so beautiful.”
Eric agreed, “Do you think it would be as beautiful if the room were filled with just men in dark suits?”
Lucas laughed, “I don’t think so, I mean the women in their jeweled gowns, highly quaffed hair with diamond tiaras made it visually more stunning. Somehow a group of men in dark suits. I don’t know.”
“Well, what if they were in white wigs and period dress, with tight satin leggings and brocaded coats?”
Lucas looked at Eric. His mind flooded with the visual impression. “Now that would be gay.”
“Or, maybe, maybe in ornate gowns with high wigs.”
“Now that really would be gay. A period drag race. But with that being said.” Lucas stood up, “Shall we see?”
He held out his hand, “Monsieur, can I have this dance.”
Light from the carousel glinted in Eric’s eyes, and a slight breeze blew through his dark hair. “Mais oui.”
He stood up, took Lucas’s hands, and both moved to the sound of the Ile Saint-Louis. Neither knew how to waltz, but like all their experiences these days somehow it came natural to them.
“If they can capture what I feel on film right now, it wouldn’t seem silly at all,” said Eric.
The Ile Saint-Louis from the carousel filled the garden with its melodic sound, topiary of comical clowns and elegant aerialists performed a cirque de la nuit hidden for only lovers to see. They waltzed their way from the crowds, and the lights making a merry-go-round of their own full of glistening innocents and empty panels of a future together yet to be painted.
The romantic moment concluded not with a kiss but in agreement that lavish musicals look better in color and film noir in black and white. They continued their discussion about movies leaving the carousel to go to the Eiffel Tower when a low growl made them turn and look towards the outline of bushes along the gravel walk. Afraid of what it might be, they made their way back to the carousel, every step an anxious movement as the growls increased. Curiosity their only friend to quiet the fear until out of the wood a wolf-like animal blocked the path. This animal was different from the one they had seen the night before. It had deep-set eyes, and its fur was a reddish color that sparkled as it reflected light. The head was bigger than the pictures of the wolves found on the Internet, and the back of the neck was curved higher. Lucas was ready to run or fight as his heart beat thoughts of how best to protect Eric if the creature should attack. It didn’t look mad or dangerous. Immobile the red-coated predator appeared to evaluate its prey with an intellectual gaze. Empty sockets to study you with, my dear. What it did next shocked Lucas beyond anything he could have imagined. It stood up. Front legs stuck out, paws hung down and where they bent the hind legs shifted in an odd manner to support the almost human like feet. The blank eyes began to glow, a tiny light at first, but then brighter into that familiar yellow color that preceded the onset of a sharp, high-pitched noise. The pain went right through Lucas’s brain. Sound blocked out from a water-logged pressure against the inner ear. Sick and dizzy it stopped. Head clear, the air carried a soft whisper.
 “Help Martin...prisoner...follow!”
 Who the hell is Martin, thought Lucas as he turned to a dazed Eric, who shook his head and lipped the word Martin.
“Help...no fear...follow!”
Images of a young man flashed in his mind’s eye. Abandoned streets with broken buildings flickered back and forth until a red-bricked mansion surrounded by a high wall focused from the inner display. The images carried with them an emotional connection gone in a blink when fear began to overwhelm the concentration. Must be Martin. Where he’s held captive. But how and why would we be able to help?
The wolf created a seductive aura that merged in an exchange of knowledge, but before images could form a loud bang came from the far right. Something hit the side of the animal creating a shower of sparks as the object bounced off and flew into the bushes. Another strange pop, and another shower of sparks. The wolf’s eyes turned black as its fur radiated pulses of light along the thin strands. It turned to look at the source where a stocky, bald man aimed a riffle at all three of them. With a fearsome growl the meditative aura changed to waves of anger that caused both Lucas and Eric to stagger and grab on to one another. The hind legs of the creature shifted to take on a more canine appearance as it backed up a little, and sprung into the air as if gravity were under its control. It moved through the night haze gleaming red. Claws were now visible because they turned a bright blue standing out against the red colored fur. The animal gained momentum as if propelled by some unseen force straight towards the man with the gun. More shots were fired as the fiber-like coat deflected pieces of metallic glitter in different directions.
“No!” shouted Lucas as he ran after the animal. “No! Stop! Don’t hurt him. Just run.”
Eric grabbed onto Lucas to hold him back for fear he’d get in the way of the gunman.
 The wolf turned its head to look straight into Lucas’s eyes. The claws disappeared as it slowed down in midair with just enough momentum to push the man with its front paws throwing him several feet backward. The animal hovered as a stream of blue light circled around the fallen attacker and then faded. It floated to the ground the luminous red coat replaced by a dull umber, and ran into the woods away from what was now a screaming, and very astonished group of people.
Cell phones accompanied by shouts in French calling for help stopped three men before reaching the body. The companions of the attacker thought Lucas. They eased back to blend into the small crowd to remain unnoticed. Lucas waited while Eric knelt down and felt for a pulse.
“He’s alive.”
More gathered around voices fearful and full of questions as they pointed in the direction the wolf had taken. A young girl with a black beret, porcelain face and very bright lips caught Lucas’s attention. It was Jamie the woman they met for lunch earlier that afternoon. Next to her was the tall, suited man she called her boyfriend. Both kept their distance.
“Maybe we should not be so conspicuous,” said Eric. “There could still be danger and I have a feeling it could be for us.”
Lucas agreed and was glad that Eric was there to protect him, but it was too late the park guards followed by the police attended the unconscious man, and started asking questions to a few bystanders who pointed their way.
“Messieurs saviez-vous que cet homme ne vous pas pourquoi il criait à vous?” asked one of the officers.
“He wants to know why he was shooting at us.”
Eric explained while Lucas kept an eye on Jamie who pretended not to notice them as she and the suited man walked away.
The police took less of an interest in Eric and more in a few others who interrupted to tell their story. The evening wasn’t going to be full of fun as they had planned.
Eric put his hands in his pockets with an uncertain expression on his face. “I told them they were shooting at a dog. What might have been someone’s escaped or dangerous pet. It ran at the man and knocked him down before running into the trees.”
Lucas didn’t say anything, but watched the scene before him with an impassive look still listening to Eric.
“I don’t think those were bullets, but some kind of anesthetic dart, the kind they used to get black bears down from trees back home. I gave them our names and that of the hotel, but they seem more interested in the person on the ground than us.”
“Did you see them?” asked Lucas. “Jamie and her boyfriend?”
Eric shook his head looking tense.
“They were here and left just before the police came,” continued Lucas.
“Do you think they were following the animal?” asked Eric.
Lucas seemed a bit somber as he took Eric’s hand. “Who is Martin? And did that thing really want us to follow it to help him out? I can’t believe what I heard.”
“I don’t know about those two or how we could help, or how it knew we would be in the park. Now that I think about it maybe the phone call earlier brought us here. A lover’s enticement given our mood. Someone’s watching us Lucas.”
Eric paused as the sound of an ambulance made him cringe at the thought they were somehow responsible.
“Why did you shout and start to run after it?”
“Oh I don’t know Eric, just a reaction I didn’t want it to get hurt, although it seemed to delight in what it was doing until it heard me and thought better.”
Eric shook his head and said, “I was afraid for you that’s why I grabbed you. I think these things want us involved with them somehow, and the shooters may be trying to find out why. Certainly they want to capture it. As for the woman and her boyfriend, I don’t think they expected this to happen. We should go and try to stay out of the way of the police unless we have to. After all, what can we say that wouldn’t make us sound crazy?”
They made their way out of the park glad to be among the metropolitan muddle. Too many unanswered questions and a sense of manipulation lingered like an unwanted tag in someone’s social photo.
“I think Lucas we should go to the tower, the metro is up ahead and maybe it’s a good idea to get away from this area for a while. Away from strange animals and men with guns.”
“Your right. And Let’s hope these things don’t know how to climb or fly, although I wouldn’t put it past them.”
The blissful mood of the past several hours paled against the sound of tension in Eric’s voice. Realities of weird worlds crept into the carbon haze, faces silent and plastic with painted lips ready to give a cold, hard kiss of death. A portent of some terrible event about to happen—a sharp fingernail prickle to the back of the neck, the burning scratch made Lucas glance back.
“Eric I think we may be in trouble.”
Eric recognized the three men who were with the gunman. There was nowhere to go. The walls of the gardens on one side and the busy street on the other. If they could get on the metro, they may have a chance to lose the danger.
The entrance allowed them to go unnoticed as they turned the corner and ducked down the stairs into the well-lit corridors of white. The ticket booth next to the turn styles was an easy opportunity to pay cash instead of waiting for the machines to process a credit card. But, the platform held no train, and the only sounds were echoes from voices of a few groups of people in a very, large space.
“I think we made it,” said Lucas. “They must have thought we went down the other side of the street.”
“I don’t like this. It’s not as crowded as I thought it would be,” said Eric.
“Come to think of it Eric maybe those guys weren’t following us at all. Maybe they were just leaving the park like us.
“That could be. Good thing we didn’t start to run to draw attention, and your right. Besides, what could they want from us? They were shooting at the wolf. They couldn’t have heard or felt what we did.”
Satisfied at this deduction the conversation was interrupted by the train entering the station. Lucky at this good fortune they made their way to the opposite end of the platform to get to a set of doors that started to open when Eric stopped.
“Lucas isn’t that one of those men.”
“Yeah, I think it is. Must be another entrance this side of the track. Hurry let’s get on before he sees us.”
To avoid being noticed, they wedged their way in between the crowd exiting the train. The isles wide enough to move forward put some distance between themselves and the unknown stalker. An empty seat in front allowed them to sit opposite the door to get a better look at the back. The view unobstructed given most of the people had left, but not in their favor as the man boarded and spotted them straight away.
“We should get off. Run to the exit,” said Lucas.
“Good idea, but we’ll have to be fast. Ready?”
Lucas heard the engine as the door started to close and sprinted to the safety of the platform. He turned to Eric, but there was no Eric. Only empty space and the sight of a desperate man struggling to get a door open as the train moved out of sight.
Lucas was stunned that the plan didn’t work. What went wrong? He was right behind me. Hot, thick air slammed against him as he stared at the tracks, desperate for a way to follow. He tightened his lip to think when a phone rang. His phone. Answering he shouted, “Eric what happened?” 
“My camera bag got caught just for a second before I could get to the door, but mon amie you’ve got to listen...”
“Eric that guys on the train...”
“No! No! Lucas he’s not on the train... he’s with you!”
Lucas froze as a wave of fearful comprehension shot through his body. With an anxious glance he turned and saw the attacker.
“Lucas? Lucas? If you can still hear me... run... run for me Lucas... get out of there!”
Adrenalin pumped hard as he thought for a moment he couldn’t be a target. He ran to the exit, but any illusions to his imagination changed when he heard footsteps echo from behind. The guy followed talking on his phone. Alone in the subway and about to reach the concrete stairs two men made him stop as they descended. Lucas recognized the faces. He backed up against the wall and thought of shouting for help as the man closest reached into his jacket.
“What do you want?” Lucas asked? The unfamiliar language Lucas couldn’t translate, but the intent and gestures seemed clear. They wanted him. His fingers reached the corner of the wall to another corridor. Could he make the quick turn before they grabbed him? His memory went back to the night of the gray wolf and the men chasing it.  These must be the same ones. Did they see us both hiding? Someone must have. Then, he remembered the little trick of the wolf as it lurched forward to startle giving it time to get away. He did the same which caught the closest man off guard.
The familiar sound of shoes on the red-tiled floor told of only one attacker, but where were they going. The junction at the end could lead to a dead end and then what.
A warm wind swirled around his head as his eyes began to focus on a shape ahead. It was the red wolf. Eyes the darkest black and fur raised pulsing with light while neon blue claws threatened with razor sharp certainty. Why was he running? Why is he the prey? There is only one way out and it’s the way he came. The vision of the wolf vanished as Lucas turned ready to become the hunter. The lone man pulled what looked like a needle from his jacket as Lucas raised his arm as if to attack with the cell phone. Another distraction that worked, the man knocked it out of his hand, as Lucas balled up his fist and plowed it into the guy’s stomach. It worked as he pushed him against the wall and rushed past back towards the train. It didn’t matter about the phone or the other two assailants. He had to get to the exit. Get back to Eric. The platform still empty as he ran to the nearest exit—he could hear people from the opposite end and thought he should turn around to get help. But he was so close. Bad decision as one of the men appeared from another corridor. 
Lucas loved football. He loved watching it perhaps more with friends than the game itself. As he ran the man ahead started towards him and Lucas thought that he would do what any red-blooded American football lover would do, trash the hell out of him. He picked up speed, arms ready and with all his weight flew into a tackle in the hopes this gesture would catch the guy off guard. It worked. He smashed into his chest pushing him against the wall. Lucas’s body turned away in mid air as if in a graceful dance and landed on his feet pain shooting up his leg. Damn! That hurt. He took a deep breath to steady himself. Foot sore he limped to the stairs proud for being so brave, but as his foot landed on the first marbled stone, he felt a blow to the back of the neck as sparkles of tiny lights flickered before his eyes. The man must have recovered quicker than he thought.
Someone grabbed Lucas’s arm and started to walk him up towards the noisy street. Damn he thought fading in and out of darkness. He tried to struggle, but got sick to his stomach. He slumped giving into the fact he wasn’t going to win this game after all. The last thoughts he had as he was being dragged away was of Eric. His poor Eric. His beautiful man. A smile crossed his face as he continued to pass in and out of the sparkling twilight. A broken sound came from his lips, “I’m sorry.”

Chapter Seven
Eric sat on a bench outside the hotel looking up at the blue sky. The brightness against the dark of the buildings helped to keep the tears back. He blamed himself for suggesting the metro as a means of escape and for getting his camera bag caught on the seat. It didn’t matter Lucas was gone. All he could hope for was that Lucas was hiding out in the city trying to make his way back. That’s what he wanted to believe. Back at the metro all he could find was a broken phone. A digital breadcrumb that led nowhere.
The police were of some help at least reassuring him they would do what they could. Eric told them everything that happened. The encounter by the Seine with the wolf being chased by a group of men, the lunch with the mysterious Jamie, a phone call of a waltz from a beautiful garden, and the melee by a classical carousel. The one thing he didn’t tell them was the wolf could communicate and asked for them to help a person called Martin.
They viewed the security footage from the station. Not much could be made out except noises and shadows. Blurry photos of faces they would never find. The wrong angles, cameras focused on the trains, but the police were convinced that something happened.
He spent the entire morning in a mechanical search of the Tuileries and metro with some hope of a clue, but it was pointless. The police suggested staying close to the phone in case Lucas called.
Those men took him; it had to be. Why? Lucas knew nothing about these animals. Why us? What did the red wolf hope to gain by asking for help? What could we have done? And where did it go? Could it have helped Lucas?
The questions bothered him as he thought about the man the wolf had attacked and what the police revealed. It seems that Henri Barineau had been involved and arrested for drug smuggling but wasn’t imprisoned long. Not the typical drugs, but pharmaceutical drugs. Shipments stolen from storage containers, drugs taken out of the country to be sold to people in places without access to them. Big money in that. The police suggested this animal had something they must have desperately wanted. Some hidden secret they were being paid to obtain. The man was still in the hospital unconscious, and wouldn’t talk anyway if he could. Why smugglers would be after us the police could only guess. You must have information since you have been seen with this animal. If they have your friend, they may just drug him and let him go.
The detective tried to reassure him that these people didn’t get involved in murder. They just want money. If they’re caught they get out right away and leave the country, anything more than theft hurts their chances of an early release. In this case, there is not much to charge the shooter with. That didn’t help. The word murder made him sick.
He looked up at the sky again and then down at the ground thinking of Lucas. Sandy brown hair, his positive nature always an adventurous spirit for the new and different. He remembered that first night in Paris. The look of concern and passion on his face, the warmth of his hand and the erotic touch of their first kiss. How it broke down all his doubts into a single moment of unexpected wonder. The sound of Lucas’s voice moaning beneath him, and now the last sound Eric was forced to think of was from a cheap cell phone. Lucas running for his life.
Eric watched the traffic stop and go outside the hotel. People laughed and struggled with luggage excited to be so far from home. He swallowed hard. What if they found him dead? What would he tell his parents? Eric shook his head and tried to get rid of those thoughts.
What about Jamie? The girl at the park. Who was she and why was she at the carrousel that night? Was it a coincidence, just a happen chance? She seemed harmless enough with her dark hair and red painted lips chattering away, trying to hide a secret, asking a simple question in the likelihood it revealed a complicated answer.
 The loud noise from a car horn made him look down the street. Parisian’s, tourists, the myriad of wayfarers marched to their lives, going somewhere with purpose unaware of his pain, singling out the young men in the hope he would see Lucas healthy and alive.
A group of girls passed by and gave him that look he’d get sometimes. Wondering whom he was waiting for. A pretty girl maybe, but no Lucas among the crowd of faces.
Getting tired of the claustrophobic room Eric asked the desk if they would call his cell phone if anyone rang their number. It was better to be outside with people even if he couldn’t talk to them. He thought of calling Phillip his cousin. Tell him what happened. How he struggled to get the door open until the motion of the train unbalanced him and threw him down on a seat. He fumbled with his cell phone scared because the man who followed them stood outside with Lucas. He had to warn him. What happened after that?
Unless you know a guy likes other guys you take a chance of getting punched or losing a friend. The thrill of seeing him at Versailles made him more determined to tell him. Did he think so little of their friendship that he’d fear Lucas would turn away? But he didn’t turn away. He embraced his French friend.
Again, he thought of last night. The image of Lucas blocked by a concrete wall to an unknown fate. The man he loved out of reach and on his own. Lucas wouldn’t give up. He was strong and smart, and very clever. Comes from his playful nature. 
A couple left a cab and walked to the door of the hotel and stopped for a brief kiss. Eric remembered how it felt to hold Lucas. Together wrapped in each other’s arms, loving him. He looked up at the blue sky again, but it didn’t work this time. Tears started to flow from his eyes as he put his hands to his face, held his head down alone on a solitary bench, and started to cry.
David stood on the corner of the street watching Eric and wanted to go up to him to tell him how sorry he was for all that had happened. It was his fault. The other men who were hired to help the professor must have followed him to the park. The red wolf said they shot at it, and the ones that were chosen to help might be in danger. They tried to stop him from hurting the shooter, but it didn’t know why.
 The transformation back to his own world took too long. Instead of minutes, hours had passed before he found himself in the gardens. By then it was almost morning, and he was going to leave until he saw Eric. It was Eric’s voice talking to the police about what had happened to his friend. If they had heard any news. David could tell by how Eric put away his phone and kicked the gravel the call was wasted. With the police involved that could be bad for the professor. The meeting of the red wolf seemed a good idea. It should have been he, but seeing is believing. They never would have believed a thin and pale crazy out of a mental home. The red wolf would be believed.
Still, David thought they could be friends these two. Martin was his friend. He wanted friends, and now they will never be my friends. I could help them. Somehow. I would go to him now thought David, but it would be too dangerous. These are dangerous people, but Eric looked so lost sitting there all alone. David could only imagine what it must be like to lose someone you love. He remembered back when he was younger losing his parents. I do know I guess. That’s how I met the professor. I never did get over it.
He looked at Eric as tears formed in his own denim like eyes. I will help you mon amie. Somehow, someway we will help you both the wolf and I. Oui, that we will do.
David put his hands in his pockets with a new determination. When he got back, he would ask the professor what to do. No more secrets. Maybe the old man might be able to help. A thought occurred to David, if these men followed him and took one of his would be friends, might they have turned on the professor?  Jamie’s friend hired them as a sort of security force, but…David stopped, took his hands out of his pockets, and started to run home.

Chapter Eight
Lucas waited until sure the head was still attached to the shoulders. Satisfied that it suffered only a minor ache the eyes opened to be met with little illumination, which came from a small window in the corner of a cluttered room full of boxes. Citrus mixed with the musty odor of dirt, dust, and mold puzzled the sense of smell. I’m still alive! And my hands are free. A little sore, but I’m not broken. Comforting thoughts.
The room came into focus as the eyes adjusted to white tile, dingy walls, and a dark, rotted wood ceiling. Full of spiders no doubt. An old storage room in a basement given the height of the window. What the boxes contained could only be guessed at? Fruit perhaps or just garbage left to rot, like he was left, but not to rot for very long.
“Eric?” What about Eric. Wet hands slipped on the damp floor as Lucas squinted to see before he called out again. “Eric!” he waited. “Are you here?” And why would you be, the memory of a train as it flashed inside a dizzy head.
The voice muffled by the small room met with a reply.
“Monsieur my name is Martin, I know of no Eric.”
 Lucas got up and grabbed onto the wall. “Where are you? I can barely see anything.” A wooden crate helped to steady his way to the voice.
“You must try to leave Monsieur. It will be dangerous for you. Those men injected me with the drug, the wolf will be coming, it could hurt you.”
Stumbling over a strip of wood he whispered the name Martin.
“I think there’s a red, furry wolf that wants to help you. It was asking me for help on your account. I don’t think I may be of much help though.”
Lucas came to the spot where the voice originated from to see a young man with black, curly hair, pale skin, and the bluest eyes he’d ever seen.
“It is possible Monsieur. I have come to believe many things are possible.”
“My name is Lucas, and I don’t know why I’m here or why I’ve been kidnapped. Or, why a talking wolf should want to help you. Who are those men? What do they want?”
Kneeling down next to Martin he was struck by the color of the eyes. They sparkled like light flashing off of crystals.
“I couldn’t say Monsieur Lucas only that they took me from some very bad people. I think they wanted the drug and then bringing me here I fear they want to capture the wolf as well, and I know of no red, furry wolf. I think mine is gray.”
Lucas put his hands on his knees and looked at the frail young man. What is the wolf?
Martin moaned closing his eyes. “There is not much time, but the wolf is from another world. An actual planet monsieur, in space, it is beyond belief. The creatures are wolves, intelligent creatures, it is how they travel. The drug makes my mind open a doorway, and an exchange of physicality takes place.” Martin curled up into a fetus position startling Lucas who rubbed his hand over his face, and reached out to grab Martin behind the neck.
“Well, wolf or no wolf we have to get out of here and I’m not going to leave without you since I’m supposed to help. We have to find a way. Come on.”
Taking hold of his shoulders he started to lift Martin up. “See if you could stand.”
Martin sat up, took hold of Lucas’s arm, but then stopped. “It is no good. I feel so weak.” Lucas able to get a good grip lifted Martin to his feet when a white flash of light filled the room. The next thing Lucas knew he was flat on his back with a giant, gray, furry paw pressed hard against his chest, and a snout with sharp, white fangs staring him in the face.
It was the unnatural eyes; large and oily like a liquid ready to form droplets from the center of a sphere that unnerved Lucas. No reflection or white highlights could be seen from what little light was in the room, but he could have sworn he saw movement as if something slithered around inside. The weight of the animal’s paw kept him pinned to the floor. Shallow breaths were all that could be managed as his mouth opened and tried to speak.
“Martin? Can you hear me? Is this you, do you remember...”
The weight increased as if a deliberate act of warning.
“You do you remember me by the river with my friend? You told us to hide.”
The animal moved its head up and down as if studying its prey and sniffed Lucas’s body; the black tip of the snout almost touched his neck and face. It paused then lifted its head taking the paw off the chest and sat as if it were a trained animal waiting for orders from its master.
Lucas lay there mesmerized and in shock. With his elbows he slid across the floor pushing with his legs until the dirty wall hit hard against his back. The animal sat there silent while Lucas recovered from the ordeal of Martin’s transformation. It has to be the same animal they met by the Seine. The same color, the same eyes. I have to get a grip. I don’t understand. From another world isn’t that what Martin said. An alien. Unbelievable, but this isn’t the red wolf. It had to be the one from last night. Martin’s wolf. It’s intelligent. I can sense that. Calm down Lucas you have to talk to it, maybe it will answer like it did before, like the red wolf in the gardens. Maybe it can help.
Swallowing hard to gain control of his voice he said, “My name is Lucas. I’m not sure who or what you are but I get the feeling you’re not going to hurt me. Martin says you’re from another world. I don’t understand and find it hard to believe, but...” He paused to think of what to say and noticed the coat of the animal didn’t glisten like by the river. The strands were dull and flat but still unlike any fur he was familiar with.
“According to Martin you may be in danger, we may be in danger and we have to find a way out before our kidnappers come back.”
Still no response from the animal. Only a look of an almost human curiosity covered its face. But it listened.
“I’m going to get up now and go to the door. I won’t harm you.” And, I hope you’re not going to eat me, thought Lucas.
The creature remained quiet as it watched. Adjusted to the darkness Lucas made his way to the door. Old and wooden, glazed with thick coats of varnish it must have been there for a hundred years. It was strong and solid, and as he reached for the handle discovered it gone. He searched from top to bottom and felt the edges with his fingers, but the door revealed no weakness.
“If I could wedge something between the door and frame, I think I could force it open.”
The gray wolf sat still while Lucas rummaged around crates and boxes then came across some old two-by-fours that gave him an idea. A dumb idea but a plan began to take shape in his mind. As he bent down to pick up the piece of wood, he wondered if the wolf would be threatened.
“What I have in mind may be stupid and dangerous, but I’ve seen it done in movies, and it just might work.” He winced. “And you probably don’t know what a movie is, huh? Well, I think if we make enough noise…”
He froze, and a chill went through his body as the sound of footsteps creaked from the room above. He looked up as did the wolf.
“I’m going to bang on the door with this and try to get their attention, although I think they’re coming to open the door anyway, but I’m not waiting. I hope you understand.”
Images of the yellow eyes with the words—run, hide—replayed the scene from the night before. That animal took charge, even appeared playful. This one acted different. How can I know you’re the same one?
“You should hide. They may have guns, weapons. You could get hurt. I’ll keep them busy while you escape. After all, I have nothing they’d want, and if I can knock one of these creeps out. Well, we’ll see.”
 Lucas was scared. He never knew fear like this. Fear for his life. But somehow inside there was a part of him that didn’t want Martin or this animal to get hurt, and even if he died life had been good to him. Especially the part with Eric. His handsome Frenchman with that sexy smile and innocent, expressive face. Who could resist a guy like that?
He stood on the side of the door when the wolf got up and started to follow. Lucas watched as the animal positioned himself several feet right in front.
Lucas thought it funny. “That’s probably not the best place to hide, but here goes.”
The two-by-four slammed against the door with not as much sound as expected.
 “Hey! Help! This guy needs help. Hurry, something’s wrong! Help! Let us out.”
The wolf broke its unusual silence, lifted its head, and gave an eerie howl that went right through Lucas’s head. Even the heavy wooden door rattled. A shuffle of shoes and the muffled sound of voices made his heart race. Closer. Sounds outside, fixated on the lock and before the door gained momentum Lucas took his foot and kicked it from the hands of their jailers.
With the strip of wood he expected to knock a gun to the floor, but there was no gun. Perplexed as what to do the wolf took action. It jumped into the air, flew across the room paws outstretched, and gave a bloodcurdling wail. Lucas backed away as the wolf plowed into whoever was outside. Cries of fear and pain filled the dinghy place mixed with sounds of growling, which made Lucas close his eyes. He peeked around the doorframe to see one man on the ground and two others running around the corner. The wolf took after them. Lucas walked out glad to see that the attacker didn’t have his throat ripped out. 
The prison was a storeroom lined with walls of shelves that formed corridors. A shadow caught his attention through the boxes on the shelf. Lucas made his way to the edge of the makeshift corridor, lifted his weapon ready to whack this guy right in the chest. He steadied himself and just as the shadow came close enough he let go. It didn’t work. The man grabbed the makeshift club, and both began to struggle for ownership. This one was big and strong, and Lucas began to think that it was a bad idea to take this guy on. Maybe he should have waited until the man passed and whacked him on the back of the head.
He was caught in a test of strength, which he was losing. Face to face the man’s eyes grew large as his grip weakened in response to a growl. Just in time to let go of the club Lucas threw himself back against the shelves to avoid the large body of one of the universes most dangerous predators. He fell to the ground as he watched the screaming man taken down. But this didn’t go well for the wolf either. The attacker was heavier than the wolf had anticipated, and the force sent it back with a yelp against the stonewall. A flash of light, and the next thing Lucas saw when he opened his eyes was the figure of Martin.
“Monsieur Lucas. Are you okay?” reaching out a hand.
Lucas took stock and said, “Yeah, thanks Martin.”
Getting up was difficult and when he stood on his foot he winced with pain.
“My foot. I think I must have hurt it kicking open the door, or falling, I don’t know.” 
He tried it again and decided nothing was broken.
“Monsieur I am sorry the wolf couldn’t be as much help. I was standing in the gateway and didn’t want to leave because I could see what was going on, but I think it draws its power from the other world, and if I don’t leave the stone circle, the transformation isn’t complete.”
Lucas hadn’t a clue what Martin was talking about. “It did just fine Martin. It saved my life. I just hope it’s all right.”
Lucas looked down the hallway. “We have to get out of here.”
Martin took hold of Lucas to help. “I agree Monsieur, the sooner the better. Oui?”
“Oui,” said Lucas.
They started on their way when Lucas stopped and whispered, “Eric. I’ve got to find Eric. He might be here. He might be hurt.”
Martin looked puzzled and said, “Who is Eric?”
Lucas took a deep breath as they continued to walk. “Eric is my boyfriend.”
“Your boyfriend…I don’t understand.”
“You know boyfriend, girlfriend, boyfriend, boyfriend, he’s my…the guy I’m in love with. Please you have to understand, I have to find him. He may be here.”
“Ah oui monsieur Lucas I understand. I am sorry. I am a little shaken to think sometimes.”
“No Martin I’m sorrow, this hasn’t been a good day for me either.”
Martin held Lucas tighter as they went down the hall.
“But, monsieur I don’t think, well, I know they only brought you to this place. I saw no one else.”
They stopped as they heard voices. “I think the best thing is to find a way out to try to get help. With your foot we may cause more harm than good, oui?”
Lucas looked at the young man and noticed his eyes were not as blue as before, but held a deep concern, a fear for their lives. Lucas didn’t have any right to keep Martin in danger if they could get away.
“Okay, Martin we’ll get help. I’m just worried. My head and foot hurt, and I’m just not thinking straight. It’s been a shock.”
“It’s okay Lucas. Let us go this way.”
They came to the end of the hall and decided to go in the opposite direction of the voices. The shelves disappeared replaced by stonewalls. Turning a corner, they found stairs that led to another wooden door. Lucas tried it, but it was locked.
“Great. I guess we could try bashing it down, quietly.”
Martin laughed understanding Lucas’s sarcasm. “No, wait. I am like a super man. A gift from the transformation that seems to last for a little while. Watch.”
Martin took his hand, grabbed the handle, and turned it breaking the lock.
“You see. I am strong,” with closed fists held to the air.
 Lucas forgot that this was no ordinary man, but someone who had a life altering experience. Perhaps the first person in the world to make contact with another civilization living among the stars. Lucas put his hand on Martin’s shoulder to give approval and said, “Let’s go.”
Humid, stagnated air greeted them as they walked out onto a cobble-stoned street; a small alley that curved at both ends enclosed by old buildings with red-tiled roofs. They must be near the river. The foot strained in the struggle hurt, but with Martin’s support their escape continued along the shadows of the old batiments.
The captors remained a question why they hadn’t followed. A bit of luck rolled out from a creature in their favor. Fear might have chased them back into the pit of terror created by a desire for money, but for how long?
At the end of the curve stood a wide street. Cars lined along a backdrop of concrete and trees as flecks of light shimmered through. Unmistakably the tower of Eiffel. The lighthouse to safety, but at least they knew in which direction they should go. Noises from the alley made them run behind the parked cars and ducked down to listen. Their captors would soon regroup when discovered the danger had passed from the wolf.
Lucas inspected his injured foot while Martin checked out the alley. Rubbing his ankle he looked at Martin who shook his head and sat down next to him.
“Your foot is better?” asked Martin.
“Yeah. Good enough to get away from here. Thanks. What about you? I mean before you seemed so out of it. Drugged, but now?”
“Ah oui. The drug. It, I think is a sedative. I return to feel as good as new. I can’t imagine why. But...”
Martin stopped to the sound of a motor from beyond the trees. The river was on the other side of the short wall and bushes. Lucas could smell algae mixed with the damp earth.
Martin got up and motioned for Lucas to stay as he stooped low along the parked cars as not to be seen and disappeared around a corner of the thicket that formed a barrier between the embankment of the river and the upper street. Lucas waited, his attention fixed through the glass of the window—still no sign of their pursuers. Could the wolf have frightened them to the point of giving up?
Martin popped his head around the corner and motioned for him to follow. His foot better he joined him down the set of stairs that led to a concrete path next to the Seine.
Lucas heard the sound of the motor getting louder, and both stepped back into the darkness not sure if they wanted to be seen. Martin held on to Lucas’s arm as the boat came into view.
Painted a bright, red color with several small windows accented by floral curtains, it stood curious against the river. Lamps hung outside the cabin which swayed back and forth adding to the decorative look. A tall, thin man in a striped shirt, dark trousers, sporting a beret, straightened a red and white, checkered tablecloth. How very French it all seemed.
Martin let go of Lucas, and ran to the edge and called out in a whispered voice, “Monsieur, monsieur, hello, hello. Pouvez vous aider?”
The thin man responded and a conversation in French took place, resulting in orders to the steersman.
“I told them we were lost and if he could help us at least in using the phone.”
Lucas smiled at the young man’s ingenious solution towards their salvation. The upper street remained quiet, devoid of the lethal sounds of loud voices and footsteps. A perfect hiding place, and the sight of a boat might scare the kidnappers off even if they did clamor down the stairs.
The bateau rouge slowed down silencing the night as more conversation took place, and the thin man motioned for them to climb inside. Sitting on one of the benches that lined the back and sides around the table Lucas watched as Martin told some story gesturing towards the upper road pointing to a place up the river. The thin man took out a phone and gave what could only be the universal sign for no signal, hands open, eyes looking up.
Martin sat down next to Lucas and explained this was a tour boat making its way back to the Champs-Élysées quarter. The captain would be stopping close to the Tuileries and agreed to take them on as passengers. Two lost souls on the river Seine, but this ferryman took them away from the darkness. The coin a gesture of human kindness.
Lucas looked back at the silhouette of trees against the yellow light of the street lamps. Surrounded by river-mist, shrouded in silence, nothing beyond betrayed sounds of being chased by their captors. The wolf must have scared them away. Lucas still didn’t understand why he was taken or what anyone could learn from him about Martin’s transformation.
Logic broke as everything came crashing down inside. His heart beat faster and panic seized the already tortured anxiety. He felt like he wanted to cry and curl up in a ball like Martin did in the basement, but thought better of it. Martin wrapped his arm around his, a welcomed reassurance that they were safe. And the sound of the motor meant that home wasn’t too far away. Home being Eric. He tried to calm his fears to what might have happened at the metro, pushing back dangerous images and hoping fate would be kind. What silly thoughts for a man to think, but he liked silly thoughts to ease the burden of life.
Martin, his dark hair blowing in the breeze with eyes fixed on the destination ahead; Lucas was grateful their escape was so easy. He considered Martin a new friend and how much like Eric with his aquiline features and caring nature. He tried to burn into memory where they had been and believed Martin when he said Eric wasn’t there. Closing his eyes he somehow knew Eric was okay. And now he was okay, but with no illusions.
The experience and knowledge of the powerful drug that caused a mental aberration to open some kind of gateway to another world put him and Eric right in the middle of a group of people who would probably stop at nothing to get hold of the man next to him. Poor Martin. An unwilling victim of one of the greatest discoveries ever, a way to another world.
Could that world travel around one of these stars that tried to break through the thin fog that swirled through the air? Starry Night over the Rhone by Vincent Van Gogh. A painting viewed earlier with Eric. That’s what this reminded him of. The bright luminaries competing with lamps shone from the windows of the town along the bank danced with the waves on the river. Indigo, blue-green, and yellow paint rippled from the wake of the boat as it brought to life a part of Vincent’s imagination.
Through the doorway he noticed the steersman wasn’t a man at all but a woman dressed in a pink dress that billowed at the waist and ended at the ankles. She wore a wide-brimmed hat with small, violet flowers delicately placed around a flat top. A period dress, maybe peasant’s dress, he thought, a little more of the culture added to impress the tourists. The thin man reached down and brought up a concertina to play asking if they had a song they would like to hear. Martin turned and raised his eyebrows searching Lucas for an answer when the words the Ile Saint-Louis came to mind.
“Ah oui,” said the thin man as he started to play. “Une oasis au milieu del la riviere.”
Lucas translated as an oasis in the middle of the river. For him it was a memory of a colorful carrousel and of time slowed down as he waltzed with a man he hoped would be waiting for him. Perhaps wandering the dusky, streets of Paris, lonely with his hands in his pockets sharing the same thoughts of dancing together again. Romantic even in this tragedy.
The music played as the ripple of waves eased his fears, and he thought of Paris. His beloved city. He could hear the modern resonance of its spirit as they neared the gothic spires of Notre Dame. The stained glass dimly lit from the candles of a thousand prayers. A city of sadness and joy, of the tortured, creative dreams of artists and Kings with lovers embracing under the shadowy intrigue of a mysterious past. This was the Paris he imagined and now entangled in his own adventure the city had gripped him in its dark, magical enchantment. It was here that he was changed into a new man and with Eric, Martin, and the wolf his future would unfold in ways that would try his experience and love. He was the baton-rouge drifting towards a surreal and supernatural portrait painted by the unyielding, creative, muse of the city of light.

Chapter Nine
Eric and the ceiling started to develop a dysfunctional friendship. Lying on the bed with the phone on his stomach he began to notice every crack, texture, varied color and shape, and concluded that if ceilings could talk, they might even outdo the walls. He was tired. Exhausted from worry and sick with fear he kept his cell and the hotel phone close while trying to stay awake. Sleep was not an option and if the phone didn’t ring, he would call the police again in the hope there might be some news of Lucas.
What was the strange creature, the red wolf they met in the garden, why would it ask them for help? How could it even talk? He stared up at the ceiling as if it knew the answer. How could these men even think Lucas would know anything about the supernatural specter? Someone wanted to get us involved—was watching. It’s the only explanation that made sense. But, if that person thought we were saviors they didn’t watch us long enough.
Did the ceiling say desperation leads people to do strange things?
“Really ceiling? Well, you haven’t seen anyone as desperate as I am.”
Now I’m going crazy. I have to try to think. Closing his eyes fighting the sleep his body wanted he sighed and focused on what to do next. If he went back to the gardens now that it’s dark. The red wolf knew he was there before. Maybe again. Someone made sure we were at the carousel. Not a chance meeting. If they’re watching the gardens provided cover and privacy. They may know I’m there. If they’re watching. That’s what I’ll do. I’ll sneak in and spend the night and wait. Hope for the best.
Getting up he heard a noise outside the door. The sound of voices, his heart hearing before his ears—it was Lucas. He jumped off the bed as the phone flew in the air and ran to the small hallway to an open door. There stood two disheveled looking men one with a familiar smile.
“Lucas!” shouted Eric.
Wrapping his arms around him saying his name over and over, muttering unknown words in French Lucas felt the life was going to be squeezed out of him.
“Lucas, Lucas, I can’t believe it. What happened to you? I could only find your phone in an empty hall. I went crazy with fear.”
Eric continued to hold on to Lucas as Martin slipped by and sat on a chair by the table starring at the uneaten confections to an uneaten dinner.
“Eric I tried to get away, but they knocked me out and took me to some old basement where I woke to find Martin.” 
Eric let go of Lucas and asked, “Who is Martin?”
Lucas opened his hand towards the man sitting at the table. “This is Martin.” Martin gave a little wave. “He’s the wolf Eric. The gray wolf we saw in the park, or at least he knows it. I mean, well, it’s a long story, but we were both captive and he helped me to escape.”
Eric looked at the young man with the dark, curly hair and bright, blue eyes, went over and knelt down in front of him, and kissed him on both sides of his cheeks.
“Thank you Martin for helping to bring back Lucas to me.”
“Merci monsieur, but we helped each other. I couldn’t have done it without him.”
Eric let go and sat on the bed next to Lucas. Eyes wet they nestled in each other’s shoulders—the embrace familiar warmth. Martin admired the bond between these two men. For the first time in his young life he glimpsed what it could mean to be in love even if you were of the same gender. The loneliness of his own life faded in this moment with the knowledge that deep affections are formed far from the physical. A unity of like spirits joined in the eternal dance of being. He loved them for loving each other. His new friends.
 “Are you both okay?” asked Eric. “I can only wonder what it took to manage this escape.”
“Just a little sore, bruised from being pushed down by a wolf,” said Lucas.
Martin still contemplating the tender moment answered, “Ah for me mon amie? I am fine, but a bit hungry would you mind?”
“No, of course please,” said Eric.
Lucas went to the bathroom and turned the water on while Eric poured Martin some coffee.
“I have been without anything to eat for a while because of those crazy people. I am glad to be away from them.”
“It was something Eric, and I wouldn’t have believed it if I didn’t see with my own eyes.”
“So this professor had Martin captured and gave him a drug that somehow opened his consciousness to allow him to connect to a gateway to another world. That’s where these wolfs are, but they’re not just animals they have intelligence like us.” Lucas came out wiping his face with a towel.
“It seems they took Martin by mistake. The thing is I don’t think these animals have any idea of what’s going on. They’re just explorers,” Lucas stopped, “vacationers just like us getting caught up in all the curious drama.
“As you say a curious drama. But what is it about Martin that they should go to all that trouble?” asked Eric.
“Look at him. Look at his eyes.”
Martin smiled opening wide his blue eyes and continued to blissfully eat a pastry.
“The blue, eyes?”
“Oui monsieur,” said Martin. “It is a quality that seems necessary. A catalyst hiding in our genes blue eyes a marker. Why, I don’t know, but it is an experience that I would like to share with both of you, a story to be told.” Martin took a sip of coffee and placed it on the table.
“But, now I would like to call my father. He must wonder what has happened to me and…”
“The police!” shouted Eric. “I have to call and tell them your back, but what am I going to say, and how to say it?” Wiping his face with his hands as if to clear away the stress the room grew quiet with a million thoughts.
“Let me call my father first,” said Martin. “I know he must be worried and I would like to let him know that I’m not hurt. He can maybe help us.”
They agreed as Martin got up to look for the phone, but didn’t see it anywhere on the table. “Oh,” said Eric. “It’s on the floor, hopefully not in pieces. I flew off the bed so fast...” he shook his head and frowned while Martin picked it up and started dialing.
A lone figure on a small chair Lucas thought what an interesting subject to paint. A fragile marionette, disconnected from the master manipulator, reaching out to the one person and place that would ground him, and find it safe—his father.
To translate the conversation was difficult. Overtones of excitement mixed with explanations, but the few words understood didn’t convey as much as the expression on Martin’s face. Puzzlement and deep thought which carries the mind into its own reality of sorting it out took over. The name of the hotel and a final au revoir were the last words as an invisible string let the hand of the marionette hang up the phone. Silence for a moment, then a dejected Martin.
“They texted him. My father. Told him I was going to stay with some friends for a few days. Even gave an address and a number. Said I was all right.” Martin paused a little angry. “He was happy to hear from me, glad I would be coming home, and is sending Gerard to come and pick me up.”
Martin put the phone on the stand, and went back to the table and poured more coffee into the delicate cup, the invisible strings fading away. “Now who could I tell? I have to have time to think. I don’t want to go to the police. Not just yet. The publicity could get out of hand if they discover my father works for the embassy. They’d think me mad. His mad son. Poor thing. What should I do?”
Lucas understood this was one of those moments you find yourself in a place where you’re alone. Wanting to tell people close a story, the impossibility of it too hard to explain in a world of mundane normality.
“You can tell us.” Eric said reassuring. “What I’ll do is phone the police now, tell them Lucas has returned, and just see where things go from there. I won’t mention you or the wolf. You can have all the time you want. I’m sure Lucas would agree we would support you in any way. So you see, we will play the game, and see where the pieces fall.”
Martin set the cup gently on the saucer and shrugged. “You are right, until I can find out more, and after all we are safe, but we must be careful. Somehow I have to prove what has happened so I can be believed and find a way to get this out of my life. I can’t say how the transformation takes place or I would show everybody.”
The sadness left Martin’s face a resolute sigh followed by a smile. “You both must come to my house tomorrow and I will tell you everything that has happened. The story from beginning to end. Gerard will be here soon. I must go down and wait, but you both must come. I’ll give you the address and we can talk more.” Martin went to the desk as Eric picked up the phone.
Eric explained to the police Lucas had returned after losing the assailants and it took a while to find his way back—the explanation as vague as possible. The police informed Eric unless Lucas wanted to press charges the matter would be dropped. Eric got the impression that it didn’t matter. Better things to do then worry about tourists getting robbed? It was lucky this went no further helping to leave Martin and the gray wolf out of it.
The small, white car drove away—the driver an older man whom Martin explained was his father’s assistant or caretaker of the place where they lived. The unquestioning but obedient manservant. Lucas felt sad for his newfound friend. A young man lost in doubt with only strangers to talk with. Well, at least he is safe and going home.
 Lucas noticed how close Eric kept since he came back. Ready to reach out to guard him from being taken away. Lucas listened as Eric talked about the time alone he spent realizing how much he needed him, and how important he was to him, and how nothing else mattered except that he was safe. Events of people’s lives became a reflection of their own. Eric saw Lucas in all the faces in the crowded streets. He became the waiting clown, the silent mime—blank expressions just passed by oblivious to his pain and desire to make them laugh.
Eric fell asleep somewhere between being sorry and telling him how much he loved him. Lucas lay and listened to Eric’s breathing. He knew no matter where he went or how far he would go Eric would always be home. Eric was the place where he would hang his hat, live his life, eat and sleep and inevitably dream.

Chapter Ten
Lucas pressed his forehead against the window of the cab intrigued by the prospect of a personal tour of a Parisian home. The excitement of the past few days continued as buildings lined the avenue connected to one another as one structure morphed into many. Shops, apartment houses, never a break for a driveway or yard—in the same sandstone color with Art Nouveau ironwork attached to some adding the decorative touch. On occasion a small gated park would pass by, tree covered benches gave shade and solace from the busy street. A hidden garden was revealed when he caught a glimpse beyond an ornate door being opened by an elderly, smartly dressed woman taking her small dog out for its daily constitution. How clichéd that was, but how very true.
They crossed the river into the sixth arrondissement, and he could see in the distance a large bell tower of a church that must be St. Germains. Lucas understood that the city of Paris is divided into an arrondissement, or sections each with its own mayor. 
Well-kept facades on one side and parked cars with a fenced-in park on the other the cab arrived at the Maison de Martin. Round stone steps, black double doors sporting a golden emblem—there was no doubt in Lucas’s mind that Martin’s parents, like Eric’s, were very rich. You would have to be to live here.
Eric gave three, loud taps using the Sun King doorknocker giving Lucas that sexy, raised eyebrow of a smile this might be fun look. Lucas was glad they dressed for the occasion and replayed in his mind all the etiquette he could remember.
The door opened to reveal a ball-headed man with the type of stance you really wouldn’t want to mess around with. Gerard. The man who came to retrieve Martin last night. A guard more than a servant provided by the embassy for his father.
Eric explained that they were expected as the door opened to let them in. The foyer echoed from shoes against the black and white tiled floor. Niches displayed what Lucas thought had to be copies of Giacometti sculptures. A modern contrast to the classical styled columns and the ironclad, staircase twisting upwards beyond the frescoed ceiling.
Footsteps ran down as a cheerful Martin greeted them. “My friends, welcome. Thank you Gerard, and could you have Odette bring us up some coffee?”
Gerard nodded—silent the burly man could have pirouetted down the hall so controlled his movements.
“I am glad you’re here. Come on up,” he motioned.
“Sorry about these stairs I can never get used to them they go on forever. All different levels you see. Lots of rooms though and from the one you can even see the Eiffel tower. There’s also a rooftop terrace, very nice, with plants and outdoor furniture.”
Trimmed white glass French doors led to spacious rooms one with a long stylish table, both with displays of modern canvases. The second level had several rooms aligned in a circular fashion. An archway off to the side opened to the palace of Versailles. Plaster moldings trimmed in gold surrounded paintings and alcoves accented by a Nouveau style fireplace that reached up to a paneled ceiling. A grand background for the intricate, crystal chandelier that reflected light from the tall brocade covered windows. The furniture and carpeting mirrored the elegant mood richly adorned in exquisite designs. Versailles like. It even had mirrors. A distinct personal style that gave the impression of owners with an extraordinary sense of taste.
Martin looked like a little prince with his white, untucked shirt, black trousers and shiny shoes as he sat down on one of the regal chairs motioning for Lucas and Eric to take the seats across from him.
“Oh wait,” Martin said jumping up. “I almost forgot. Come, take a look. I think I am being spied upon.”
Martin walked over to one of the windows and carefully pulled back the heavy drapes. “There, at the end of the street, the small white car. It’s been there all day. I’ve never seen it before and there always seems to be someone in it.”
“Do you remember it there last night when you came home or just this morning?” asked Eric?
“This morning when I awoke I always look out the window to check the weather. I didn’t think the car parked there unusual, but it hasn’t gone away. After what has just happened...I don’t know.”
Lucas and Eric careful not to disturb the curtain thought it strange, maybe too strange.
“I could be just getting paranoid I suppose.”
“Martin have you told your father or mother?” asked Eric.
“When I arrived home, I bathed and went to bed. No one was awake. This morning my father was gone to work, my mother isn’t home—she’s not even in the country—on some assignment in Rome,” said Martin as his foot traced the decoration on the carpet.
“I don’t know what to do at this point. That’s why I’m glad you’re here. Maybe when I tell you what happened you could give me some advice.”
“Are you okay? I mean physically. You don’t feel sick or dizzy or any kind of weird affects from what’s happened?” asked Lucas.
Martin smiled, “No I feel fine. I don’t have my super strength anymore but physically I feel better than ever, although emotionally I’m not so sure about.”
They were interrupted by a noise coming up the stairs. It was Odette bringing the coffee. Lucas expected a young woman in a French, black and white maids outfit, a thought from the past from some video he watched, but the silver coffee tray was carried by an older woman dressed in a black suit with blond hair and lots of gold jewelry.
“Merci Odette. C’est gentil de votre part. Venez rencontrer mes nouveaux amis, Lucas et Eric.” Setting the tray down he pointed to the two standing men.
“Odette speaks good English,” said Martin. “She is my father’s secretary, but is also our cook when my mother is away. I like to think of her as baby sitter et observateur.”
Odette gave a frown. “Oh Martin,” said Odette. “I’m just a secretary helping out while she’s away. It’s very nice to meet you both. You are American, oui?” She reached out her hand. “Martin gave us a concern being gone for three days like that, was he with you?”
Lucas studied her features trying to read her mind. He scanned the small changes in expressions, but agreed with Martin she was the observer. Someone who studies back. In this case a simple unanswerable question.
“Yes and no,” responded Martin. “We met yesterday. They helped me get back to the city. A thank you invitation and a chance to find out what’s happening back home.”
Lucas formulated a scenario that would fit the story in case details were called upon.
“Ah, I see,” said Odette with a telltale fumble of her golden necklace. “Well I am glad to see boys with secrets, Oui? Martin has been out of sorts since we moved and it’s nice to see him settle down a bit. Make friends.”
She turned the cups over onto the saucer. “I brought some pastry as well. Oh, and Martin if your guest are staying for dinner let me know. Your father will be home around six today.”
She smiled gave a curious look at Martin and left the room.
They were caught. She knew they lied. Did she guess that Eric and I are a couple? If so, that would make her wonder about Martin, and that would keep her from the real truth. The truth about the wolf. A provocative deception, boys with secrets.
Martin started to pour the coffee. “Sometimes I wish she was a bit younger. I have all kinds of fantasies you see. I do want to have fun and enjoy this time of my life. Now it seems I have to worry about things bigger than myself, and how will I be looked at or labeled, maybe as a monster.”
Eric got up to sit on the chair next to the bruised Martin. “Do we really know ourselves? Who we are and what we do” He looked into Martin’s steel, blue eyes. “Labels are put on by silly people who know nothing of who they are, not realizing that being human we cannot be labeled.” Martin smiled a little and thought about Eric’s words, which seemed to open up feelings that made him stronger. The kind you get from a good friend. He looked over at Lucas and then back to Eric comprehending the struggle they both shared. These two men not wanting to be labeled, just allowed to express what they felt for one another without ridicule.
“We are in this together Martin,” said Lucas. “You’re not alone and certainly not a monster.”
Martin relaxed. “Well then my friends sit back and listen to a tale of a young man who finds himself a stranger in the city of his birth, wandering into, quite by accident, a series of events that opened his life to a different world.”

 
Chapter Eleven
Here again I was placed of nineteen years in the city of Paris. The Arc de Triomphe was the first site I went to visit when my parents and I moved back from Washington. DC. I stood on top of the grand monument an invincible return to my childhood home. Avenues radiated outward; a metaphor on the choices I would have to make. A hazy future that blurs the vision in the distance where it all ends.
I was ten when we left Paris. My father received an opportunity to work at the French embassy in America. I lived from that day a secluded and scheduled life except for the trips to the park where sometimes I would meet up with other children like myself. Foreigners learning a language if only out of desperation and the need to know what everyone else was talking about. It wasn’t easy, but as I grew older, I made friends and gained a certain freedom that comes with age even if it was an event at school or going to someone’s house to study. After graduation we would return to Paris, but not right away. This gave me time to say goodbye to the people I knew I would never see again. A difficult thing to say goodbye.
I took to going out everyday to familiarize myself with a city I only knew as a child. It helped since my father worked, and my mother was usually off on some photo journalistic journey in another part of the world leaving me with what I call my watchers, like Gerard and Odette. 
My phone and I would roam the quartier gravitating more to schools my parents would want me to attend. I would sit outside and watch the students go back and forth able to fit in, but never a part of, at least not yet. 
My mood shifted from excitement to depression, and a suggestion had been made I join a club or get involved with events where my father worked to get to know people my own age. Ah, but I had a better idea. A more dangerous one. The Internet. Although I meandered through the cafes and busy streets, I knew this was the easiest way to make friends. It became a way of keeping in touch with old classmates I left and spent many hours chatting away—posting pictures of myself taken throughout the city. It was fun, but I wanted to get out and go to the clubs, dance, drink, and have a good time. Maybe meet some girl, have an adventure. I was in no hurry to go back to school, and I decided it was important for my social if just for my sexual well being to get some. Anything, if it would keep me from the stoic boredom my life had become.
It was during this time I stumbled on a game connected to one of the Universities. A special type of game set up by students. It was to lead to my first friend, Tristan, a friend perhaps until today. I don’t know. It was a spy game. A certain set of conditions and rules were set up, and each agent would be given an assignment that they would have to complete.
The adventure began on a bench in front of one of these Universities when to my amazement a nervous young man sat next to me. It was impossible, but we looked almost identical. Long, curly black hair, deep blue eyes, and pale skin. He could have been my brother. He mentioned something about the architecture of the building and paused a little confused waiting for me to reply. He confessed that I wasn’t the person he was to meet. He explained about the game, and I was intrigued. Another young man who sat across from us on the bench walked up to Tristan and said he was the one to pick up the package, admonishing him to be more careful. Loss of points commented Tristan as he handed the package to the other young man. Tristan invited me to a place where he introduced me to some of his friends. They were taken in by the similar features we shared, and Tristan explained about the mistake, all of us having a good laugh. It was an exciting day for me to find possible friends.
Tristan gave me the web address of the game if I might be interested. It required the agent to go to different places around the city collecting or delivering packages, cases, or a simple message to people you didn’t know. Harmless? Run by a group of students as part of an assignment in social networking. I never did play the game, but Tristan and I hung out together after his classes let out. And he would show me around his world introducing me to, as he said, was a mundane life of a student. For me a cure from the loneliness I’d been experiencing.
A few days ago as on others I met with Tristan. He didn’t seem his usual self. I sensed an apprehension. He wanted to ask me something not quite knowing how. It was easier when I brought the subject up, and he related how difficult school had been, and how more demanding it was then he expected. Now a series of lectures he had to attend on days that normally were free from attending school, and how it was cramping his lifestyle. He talked about the spy game. Stupid he admitted, but now there were enough points to make it worth his while. Missing his next spy assignment because of school would set him back. He asked whether I could take his place. After all, we shared more similarities in the way we looked than differences, and seeing how I didn’t play the game—who would be able to tell. All I had to do was to be at the park by the school and pick up an envelope someone would leave on the designated bench. Then, I could give him the envelope after classes and no one would be the wiser. I asked whether he was ever concerned about the contents of these packages. He suggested when I got it to open it. All he ever found was either a blank piece of paper or a note saying something to the effect that I was cheating and shouldn’t be looking. I didn’t see any harm and thought it would be fun. 
Early the next morning I sat on a bench in front of the park watching the traffic go by waiting for a perfect stranger to sit next to me and forget to take an envelope when they left. It never quite happened that way. Around the corner came a small, gray car that pulled up to the curb. I thought it would drop someone off when the windows opened, and an intense flash of light blinded me. Before I could recover my sight I was dragged into the back while something very sharp, pressed into my hand. A strange taste in my mouth and then a dizziness followed by total unconsciousness.
I knew nothing until I woke up lying on a small cot in a room with white, tiled walls and a ceiling with bright fluorescent lights. Fear would have overwhelmed me if not for the drowsiness from the drug. I tried to focus on the only thing in the room. A thin old man with long gray hair. His features dispassionate. When he started to speak his white teeth showed brightly against the tanned skin, and his voice a garbled blast in my ears.
“I really must apologize for all this, but I’m afraid it’s too late. You see, they had given you the drug on the way here so—yes it’s a little too late. You’ll just have to go through with it. Go through with the transformation. A case of mistaken identity.”
All I could manage was a what and a where before I felt as if I were going to black out.
“Well, I guess it’s only right that I should explain, but it will have to be a short explanation. There may not be enough time so you must listen to what I shall tell you because it will change your life. Your whole world, and yes even the world we all have come to know.”
The old man brushed his finger through his hair and folded his hands in his lap. “Where to begin. Very difficult. You see Tristan was supposed to pick up the envelope. He was the target for this experiment. You both look so much a like. Interesting.” He got up, folded his arms moving closer to continue.
“Tristan was to be brought here as part of the spy game. The money promised if he cooperated with this experiment. A participant for a new drug. Of course, if he said no we would let him go. It is unfortunate the men we hired to help us have an agenda of their own and gave you the drug straight away. We will discontinue their employment as soon as replacements can be found. But, that is no concern to you. Let me continue.”
I could only focus on some of the words as the drug pulled on my awareness. Experiment? What was this mad man saying? Drug? None of this made sense. I couldn’t think. More noise. A voice in the distant. I had to try to listen.
“It started with a young man involved in a tragic accident where both his parents were killed. He had no immediate relatives and was sent to such a home for unfortunate children. As he grew into adolescents, he became more withdrawn and depressed; so was sent to me. I’m a psychologist, a doctor specializing in such cases. In this young man’s case, he would have repeated nightmares of the accident that seemed to only manifest in the past few years.”
 I gasped for a minute losing my breath from the feeling that I was falling down a large dark hole.
The old man backed away towards the door saying, “Yes, I think it will happen a lot quicker with you. You mustn’t worry Try not to be afraid. What you are going to experience will surely be a wonder. A magical and enlightening event most of us will never have. It is important you understand this. That you are exceptional in this.”
I lay back down my breathing steady, but still feeling as though I was going to fall asleep any minute. The old man moved forward and stared intently as if waiting for something to happen. All I wanted to do was to get up and run away.
“You see,” he continued. “I developed a drug. Oh, perfectly legal. It was in the testing stage. A series of different injections to help with his condition. To help his sleep and calm anxiety. Then, the most extraordinary thing happened. I didn’t believe it when he told me, but after seeing it for myself I knew I had stumbled onto something wonderful. Shocking.” The old man sat back down in the chair and clasped his hands with excitement. “It seems this young man could enter a state of consciousness that allowed him to transform into an animal. It sounds crazy, no? Well, it isn’t. Somehow whether through his condition combined with the series of drugs, I’m still not sure, expanded his mind to open the door for him to slip through and something else to take his place. You can imagine my surprise when that something else was a wolf. A strange beast to say the least. An animal with a human like intelligence.” The old man’s expression left the room to float in the profound memory. “I know this because it spoke with me.”
 It was then my heart began to race even faster with fear. The old man was insane. Somehow he had kidnapped me, injected me with some horrible drug, and now is playing out a sick game.
I was ready to start screaming when a warm breeze blew in the room, and the sounds of the old man faded replaced with a buzzing in my ear. A blue haze covered my eyes and the last thing I saw was the old man running to the door.
Hovering among a million stars different colors blazed in a dark void as the warm wind held me up pushing my body forward. I wasn’t afraid, but was filled with euphoria. What a trip I thought. Some drug. Maybe this wasn’t so bad after all. I moved faster. The darkness closed in and the starlight gave way to a motion beyond fast. Roller coaster fast, moving me closer towards a violet light. I was dying. That was it. This is what happens when you die. That’s what they say. Sadness came over me to think about all I left behind. My mother and father. The life I had yet to live. I wanted change, but not this. Not death.
These thoughts were broken by another voice telling me I wasn’t dying, but gave me instructions on what to do when I arrived at my destination. Stay within the circle. Do not step out of it no matter what happens.
The violet light turned blue and then white as a small shape took form. The closer I got I could make out what appeared first to be that of a large dog. A large gray dog. I shook my head and thought what a strange thing to see on the other side. I never had a dog. This couldn’t be the ghost of some dead pet come to greet me. What was this? There was a moment when I came very close to it as it passed by, staring into its eyes when a momentary exchange of thought took place and I realized I wasn’t dying, but traveling. I understood. This animal would take my place in my world and me in its. What was the old man saying? A transformation? Could it be true? The animal passed by too fast, and before I new it I was standing on what was a large stone circle. In the center was a pyramid like structure. Made of the same stone arcing to a point. In the middle was a swirling blue and white light shooting up into the night sky. I breathed deep with excitement. The air smelled sweet and felt damp as if it had rained. My head was a little dizzy either from the trip or too much oxygen. I managed a wow, but nothing could prepare me for the sight as I turned to take in my surroundings.
I was in a field filled with what must have been hundreds if not thousands of animals. Wolves to be precise. Gray, black, red, all silent—staring at me. Wherever I turned that’s all I could see. The stone circle was huge, and a white mist emanated from the edges. Beyond the field were trees, but I couldn’t make out much because of the dark. I started to know things. Answers to questions came into my head. I was alive and this place, this circle, was an ancient platform for travel to other worlds. Recently made active by the mind of a young man named David, and a red wolf. The person the mad man was talking about. However, I knew of no red wolf. There was a disturbance among the pack of animals. Many started to move to make way for a group of white wolves. The most extraordinary thing about them was their large, blue eyes. Bright blue, with a dark indigo mix, almost crystalline; like multicolored stones. I heard a voice in my head ask why? I didn’t know what it meant. I think the white wolves wanted to know why I was here. One turned its head as if to indicate something to the others. Then back to me. You don’t know why, do you? I felt at a loss, but then realized that this was an experiment. I the subject, but these creatures thinking this a deliberate act solely on my part. I indicated my dilemma when several black wolves started hollowing pushing their way violently to the front. Standing next to the white wolves I could sense fear, and that I must go back. With that the next thing I knew I was staring up at the ceiling of another room in what appeared to be a hospital bed, and a young man who could have been a reflection of me, was holding a tray of food.
“I’m truly sorry about this. This is all my fault, but I’m glad you’re here, and I want to help in any way I can.” He set the tray down on the stand next to the bed, and put his finger to his lips for me to be silent as his eyes moved to the camera in the corner of the ceiling.
 “I’m the young man the professor was talking about. My name is David,” he said in a whispered voice. “I can’t say much only don’t be too hard on the professor. He does mean well. You weren’t supposed to be the one anyway, but that’s my fault too.” He started to sort things out on the tray as I tried to move, but found that I seemed to be tied down.
“Oh, sorry.” He untied my hands from the side of the bed, but let the belt on my chest alone. “I know this must be hard, but you’ll come to no harm, and, well, we desperately need someone to help.” He took a piece of paper from his shirt pocket and slipped it under the napkin. The door to the room opened when a young girl with black hair and bright red lips walked in.
“Emm…”
“No Names!” she said.
The young man frowned as he helped me sit up.
“The professor’s coming. Says you talk too much. I was supposed to bring the tray.” She glared at David, but he ignored her straightening the napkin.
The impression I got from the stern look David gave the professor as he walked past this wasn’t a happy home.
“Please leave, my dear, if you wouldn’t mind,” said the professor.
The door shut with a click as a twinge made my arm jerk. Trapped.
“The transition was short lived. We really didn’t learn much only that another of the wolves came through. Then, you came back.” A blank expression on his wrinkled face.
“I suppose you couldn’t tell us what happened? What you saw?”
“Us?” I asked. “What is going on here and why am I tied to a hospital bed?”
“Do you remember anything I told you?” asked the professor.
I sat up fast enough to startle. “I remember everything you told me! What I want to know is who you are?”
“As I said before the drug induces the transformation. These wolves or creatures are from another world. Intelligent. We find it hard to communicate with them. They use telepathy, some kind of thought implantation. Not direct communication, but a series of or set of meanings. I believe they are trying to learn our language. When I discovered what happened, I didn’t quite know what to do. I was going to keep it a secret. Unfortunately, when you work in such places you are scrutinized and watched, with good reason. I couldn’t keep it a secret. Other people, let’s just say interested parties were brought in and they wanted to know more. David seems to be unique in his genetic traits. That is his name if you do not already know. It’s the blue eyes. We tried the combination of drugs on other subjects, volunteers, but it didn’t work. I even tried the drug on myself. Nothing worked. It was then that David told me it worked only on young men with blue eyes. David was adamant. He said the wolves told him about a program buried in the genetic structure of our species. The blue eyes, dark hair being a marker for such a program. Well, we needed another subject to test this theory, but where to get one. The interested parties were quick in getting volunteers, but the drug didn’t seem to work on just anybody with blue eyes. What is so special about David we still don’t know? Is there a part he keeps hidden? Is he making it up? When we saw David’s would be friend Tristen he met through the spy game, we thought maybe a friend of his might have some kind of empathic link, and well, here you are. By mistake. We have learned that whatever trait David has, you have it as well. There is a connection between you and David. I suppose the wolves didn’t tell you?”
What to say? All I knew is that I wanted to go home. I thought back to the experience I had, the white wolves, the fear and concern, I didn’t know what to make of it all. I had to think.
I told the professor everything I experienced. Satisfied he left me alone allowing me to manage the tray and read the note David had hidden away. All it said was tell the gray wolf I’ll unlock the door. It seems that David was giving me a chance to escape, or the wolf to escape. That didn’t give me much hope, and I was more confused now than ever. There was no immediate danger, and I felt protected by the creatures on the other side although I cannot say why.
I tried hard not to fall asleep. There were no windows in the room so I couldn’t tell the time of day. Later the young woman came in with the professor. Emma from the slip that David made. She almost seemed in charge, but I had my doubts. I think she was just concerned for the professor. Maybe he was her father or grandfather, uncle perhaps. Je ne sais pas.
The old man had a small jar in his hand and a swab that he dipped into a blue gel. Before I realized what he was doing, he wiped it on my arm. I pulled it away quickly.
“It’s something new young Martin. Oh, yes I know your name. We have your things.”
“People will come looking for me. They’ll know I’m missing and call the police.” That seemed a useless threat, but what else could I say.
 The professor closed the jar and threw away the swab and said, “We’re not going to keep you. We will let you go. I have to be sure you won’t transform again. I don’t want you roaming the streets of Paris as a wolf. Once I am certain, you can go. The salve will take a little longer to have any effect so I would just rest if you can.” With that they left the room.
I took some water and wiped my arm off hoping that it would help. I thought about what David said and remembered my hands were free. But what of the camera. I heard a small tap outside the door and then a click. I knew it must be David undoing the lock. Could I trust him?  I pulled the sheet over my chest and carefully undid the straps. I had to be quick. I had to jump out of the bed, run to the door, and it had to be now just when they would least expect.
The hall was empty and to my right it turned into another going in both directions. I heard footsteps and moved across to another room. It was empty, but had a window. A wonderful, beautiful much needed window. Luckily I was on the ground level of the building. I heard more voices. Voices getting louder. They discovered I was gone. Didn’t take them long. The window was unlocked and as I opened it I began to feel dizzy. A warm breeze came into the room. The same breeze as before the transformation hours ago, it was dark outside the air sweet from the damp mist that rose from the grass. A hypnotic sensation the mist. A pendulum that swung back and forth. My eyes heavy until I noticed the mist come from beyond the stonewall of the grounds. It sparkled a light blue as it flowed over the grass and into the room. A bang! The door opened as two very, large, and ominous looking men entered. I backed away the esoteric vapor circling; then in a flash of light I found myself traveling to the other world.
I was more aware this time. The blackest black I had ever seen sped me along to a pinpoint, a spec of light that grew larger. The connection between the gray wolf and me was only an instant, but during that brief moment I conveyed only one message—run!
I was back in the stone circle. Blue light and the strange mist swirled around. This time the wolves were agitated. The howling, whining and low growls made me feel not at all safe. The dark-colored wolves stood in front of the circle facing outward as if to ward off any would be interference, but the next sight I was to see was even more frightening. Tall and covered with hair or fur top to bottom were men, or apes, or a combination of both. Two legged instead of four. They stood with the guardians making eye contact with me. Their faces looked like ours, but with more of a Neanderthal appearance than human. The eyes deep set and yellow conveyed an alien presence so far removed from that of a person it made me to shiver.
I turned to the center the blue light pulsing upwards to the sky, and as I got closer, I began to see images. Closer and closer the images became more vivid, and I sensed if I could stand in the center of the blue light I could see everything that the gray wolf was doing. I was afraid if I did it would take me home. But isn’t that what I wanted, so I did.
Next thing I felt was the wetness of a grassy ground, the loud noise of traffic and the same men that the wolf seemed unable to get away from. I wouldn’t be taken captive. They grabbed me, but to my surprise I was able to pick one of them up and toss him aside. What was this? A newfound strength? The others grabbed me. I tossed them off easily, but was scratched by the drugged needle they had and found myself waking up on a chair in a hallway fighting off the air with my arms. Through the daze I heard arguments and shouting and what I thought was even gunfire. The next thing I knew I awoke to a voice asking me who I was. I woke up to you monsieur Lucas.
Lucas and Eric stared at Martin with blank expressions on their faces. It was an odd moment. Martin thought maybe they were hypnotized until Eric broke the silence.
“What an extraordinary story.”
Lucas frowned, “So you think that this other party took you away from the professor along with the drug.”
“Oui, monsieur Lucas. I think they were for hire and saw an opportunity. It seemed that these people had just discovered this ability, and the professor was still trying to figure out what was going on. The wolves and David seemed to be very uncooperative. I think the wolves knew the way it was being done and didn’t approve.”
Martin got up and crossed to the window. “The professor was right. This is something that could change everything we know. It is too big for just a crackpot and whatever associates are pulling the strings.”
“And who are they?” Lucas got up to pour another cup of coffee trying to wrap his head around how to get Martin safe and out from this situation.
“There is one thing,” said Martin. “Something the professor said about not being sure about how it’s done. Images I gleaned while in transition to the other side.”
Martin left the window and made for the hall. “A moment, I have to show you what I found last night.” 
Eric stood next to Lucas and put his arm around his waist. “I hope your thinking of a way to help, because I don’t have any answers. What has happened to Martin seems to have attracted some very dangerous people.”
“I think he’s safe enough,” said Lucas. “Those people wouldn’t want any attention. They never followed Martin and I. They’re probably getting ready to leave the city or country. They have the drug, and can always find others. Besides what could Martin say about them?” Lucas looked towards the window. “And, as for that car outside I say we just go up to it and knock on the window to give them a good scare. Ask them whether they need a tow or help, or laugh, and run away. I don’t know, but I think it may be time to go on the offensive.”
Martin returned with his laptop. “Suppose it wasn’t the drug after all. Maybe all it does is make you relaxed, puts you asleep. Suppose the reason it didn’t work on other people was because of David. I got to thinking about the structure that I was standing on, and how it reminded me of the mega structures you find all over the world like Stonehenge and the pyramids. I remember seeing something on television about what are called ley lines. Lines crisscrossing the earth where it just so happens people build some of these monolithic structures. Important monuments with social or religious significance on certain points; grids crisscrossing the earth. It goes on to say the lines channel energy. The energy of the planet. Take a look.”
Martin showed on his laptop a site explaining a little more. “It seems that Paris is replete with these lines. The Luxor Obelisk, The Arc De Triomphe Carousel, the Tuileries Jardins, and even the glass pyramid of the Louvre seem to be connected to these energy lines. In fact, they sit right on top of them.”  Martin sat back on the sofa letting Lucas and Eric scroll through the website.
“I think that it was David who found a way to activate this earth-energy, and perhaps wherever this hospital or home is, well it might be built right on top of one of these ley lines. The impression from the wolves is that they were just as surprised as I was that I was there. Something from the past from long ago. An event so profound it scared even them.”
Lucas looked at Martin. “Why David? What is it about him that could make him do this?”
Martin looked down at his hands. “I think mon amie it is in our genes. The professor talked about our blue eyes, dark hair and pale skin as possible markers, or the combination of being born in the city of Paris replete with ley-lines gives us this ability. It might have been either the volunteers didn’t have the right genes, or David might have been blocking them.”
“What does David want Martin,” asked Eric?
Martin took a deep breath. “Help. He wants help. For him and the professor and possibly the young girl Emma. I think he’s afraid, and he’s trying to reach out to people like Tristan, but I got in the way. He sees the professor and him in danger. What could he do except to try to get someone else to the other side so he could be believed? I think he wants things to get out of hand for whoever is behind the professor.”
Lucas smiled, shrugged, “Your right, Eric and I can see the danger here, but we’re at a loss. What could be done except go to the police? But, if the people behind this are a large company or some part of the government that isn’t going to help.”
“Maybe you have to go back to this otherworld and explain to these creatures what’s going on. Tell them the truth, if they don’t already know,” Eric added. “Maybe they could shut it all down, and everyone could go home.”
Martin looked down at the table contemplating Eric’s words when the phone rang. Martin answered then asked, “It’s Odette she would like to know whether you are staying for dinner. You are most welcomed, and I would like to introduce you to my father.”
Lucas and Eric agreed, but wondered how Martin would explain them.
“Oui Odette, deux de plus pour le diner.” 
Eric stood up to stretch his legs looking at all the art that filled the room taking one last glance out the window. “Well would you look at that?” Martin and Lucas had his full attention.
“The car. It’s gone.”

Chapter Twelve
Lucas crumpled up another piece of paper, threw it in the wastebasket, and started to write again. Eric diverted his attention from reading to look over at the would be journalist, smiled, and lifted the book higher to cover his eyes. It didn’t last long for another tear of paper accompanied by a sigh made Eric close the book and set it on his lap.
“Lucas I thought a journal was supposed to be a kind of spur of the moment, what your thinking type of thing.”
A pouting pause of silence ensued as Lucas kept writing. Eric got up off the bed to kneel down behind him and put his chin on Lucas’s shoulder hoping this would ease the tension. He knew how sensitive Lucas could be in his creative endeavors.
“Okay mon amie, explain, explain, just tell me.”
Lucas stopped writing, “Well at first it was a typo, then a blot of ink, then my sentences were crooked. I just want to get at least the first part of my vacation journal looking correct so when future generations read it they won’t think I was a total illiterate slob.”
“Oh man Lucas, future generations?” He eased closer to Lucas’s ear. “And, would you write about our love making for future generations?”
Lucas laughed and put the pen down turning towards Eric. “Maybe I will, hot and seductive love stories all those private moments I could write down.”
“No, you wouldn’t write a journal you could write a book.” Eric smiled, got up, and took Lucas’s hand. “Let’s go to bed. We’re both tired, and you’re just too worn-out to write in a beautiful script. Try again in the morning.” Eric crashed down on the bed cuddling the pillow. “Maybe you should try a digital recorder. Something modern to tell your thoughts.”
Lucas picked up the book Eric was reading laying down next to him thumbing through it. The cover had a picture of a flying saucer hovering above a giant, crystal pyramid. “I couldn’t believe how friendly Martin’s father was. After Martin disappeared for a few day’s, well, I thought he would’ve blamed us.”
Eric moved closer. “Yeah, it was rather clever Martin’s story about meeting him at the Internet cafe and us inviting him to our hotel for a four-star dinner and him just reciprocating.” Lucas gave his usual sigh, “I hate having him have to lie, and I felt bad for him.”
Eric sat up on his elbow. “But his father didn’t seem to care. I think in the case of his son he trusts him enough not to worry. Besides, when I asked him about his house and collection of art we didn’t seem to have to say a word.”
“Yeah,” said Lucas. “Although he was impressed with the fact that your father worked for the French government at one time.”
Eric was the one with the sigh. “Sometimes it’s hard to talk about, not knowing exactly what he did.”
Lucas thought about graduation and meeting Eric’s parents for the first time. A handsome couple. Well-dressed and mannered a bit of some secrecy about them. A different place and lifestyle. Still he liked them, and they seemed to like him, but would they like them. Him and Eric.
These thoughts aside he held the book up and asked, “Did you learn anything from this Eric?”
“Yes. It is really fascinating. I mean at first it seems a bit silly, but when you get into it, the arguments are very strong that aliens gave us knowledge that advanced our species—maybe even being responsible for creating the entire human race. I think that Martin is right. The book talks about earth-energies, and how some ancient structures may have been portals, gateways to the stars.”
“Our wolf friends think that it was the ancient ones who built their monolithic circle. Could it have been these aliens who made the wolves and sent them to that world?” asked Lucas.
Eric frowned shaking his head in agreement. “Very much so. I think that all around us are records left behind in stone telling us what had happened. It is only now that people, like the author of this book, are bringing these things to light.” 
Lucas shook his head feeling sleepy. Eric continued to talk but his words where muffled as Lucas started to drift off. How strange. He didn’t seem that tired before, but maybe Eric was right when he said he was too tired to write. Again muffled sounds of Eric then silence. Lucas opened his eyes long enough to see Eric fast asleep. His breathing steady but something in the lines of his forehead as if trying to fight to stay awake. Taking a deep breath and burying his head in the pillow all Lucas could hear was the rhythmic sounds from Eric and his own strange desire to want to fall into a state of unconsciousness. It was like he had too much to drink or was drugged. He just had to sleep. And fall asleep he did.
The ground warm beneath his body Lucas tried to get comfortable finding it hard like stone and so unlike a mattress. Stone? Lucas opened his eyes to a soft white light that covered the gray rock. Wisps of fog, like ghosts, swirled around his hands as he sat up. Eric? Where was Eric? He tried to focus his eyes and ears, a low rumble of an engine vibrated below another sound, a voice soft, distant but with urgency. Monsieur…Monsieur…he tried hard to concentrate. Whatever dream this was the reality started to fade back into the unconscious void. Again the voice, this time telling him to turn and look up, to hold on to that single action, to will it to happen. His mind-followed instructions the daze beginning to fade, and the figure of Martin standing above him, hand held out, took solid form.
Other figures stood next to him still blurred, but gradually coming into focus as he reached out to Martin. Is this a dream? It couldn’t be, maybe before when I opened my eyes, but now it’s solid, real? The ghostly strands still covered his body flickering as they moved up his arm and down to his feet where they slithered to the edge of the gray stone on which he stood. Lucas no longer needed to focus his attention. This world had settled in and he started to speak. “Martin, is that you? But, how and where...?”
Another voice, recognizable answered, “It’s a dream Lucas, but more than a dream. We’re still in bed asleep, but our minds have been made to manifest here.” It was Eric’s, visible behind Martin.
The dream realm had a familiarity. It was from the story heard this afternoon. An account of a place of transference of two entities through a whirlwind between distances. A blue column of light from the center of a circle reached beyond intersecting arches that curved into a night sky—itself amongst the clouds fading to an unknown destination. The movement poetic and slow, like the waltz he shared with Eric, but this was to a different music dancing against a background of unrecognizable stars.
Again a voice called his name bringing him back out of his reverie. Vision shocked him into the corporeal world he had been awakened to for beyond the stone slab stood hundreds of animals. Wolves of different colors and sizes. Eyes, some glowing, some black all intently observing the spectacle morphing into the shapes on this mysterious stage.
“Martin, what’s going on?” Martin started to speak when he was interrupted by another voice.
 “I am sorry Monsieur I can at times do very little.” A young man with similar features too Martins approached. “My name is David. I’m the first to come to this world. You see it’s been me and the red wolf all along. Not the drug.”
The luminescence covered the three men amplifying their form, but didn’t affect David.
“I am real, you are being manifested to appear from your dream-state by them.” Lucas turned to look where David pointed, and saw three white wolves, a bright blue ghostly light streaming from the fiber-like fur. 
“This place,” continued David. “This stone-circle was built by people from our world. People that used the energy of the planet to somehow travel through space. The creatures believe they were created by them and brought to be inhabitants. The place I come from, the city of Paris and France itself is replete with stones and alignments such as these. The red wolf and I were in sync just at the right time to activate both planets energy to open this gateway, and we exchanged places.” David paused as if worried—gathered his thoughts. “They know nothing of our technologies and find the earth with its cars, buildings, and blinding lights strange and frightening. Still, they seek answers about themselves now that the gateway has been opened. I think this may not be the first time for them. Communication has been difficult because they don’t speak as we do. They lack points of reference. They get impressions of things through listening. They are very intelligent and want to learn how to communicate.” David paused again with more signs of worry on his face. “But, now something terrible has happened. The professor in his ignorance has trapped the red wolf in some kind of field or cage which blocks the psychic signals amplified by these structures. He’s held prisoner and they want to send an army to retrieve him. You must understand the wolves are very powerful; they cannot be killed like we can. They are not vulnerable in the same way as us, and they will not hesitate to stop anyone getting in their way. To them this is like an act of war. They don’t understand.” Howling and barking from the packs of wolves, which now included other types of creatures, some bi-pedal and some flying overhead, interrupted David.
“I was able to convince them that these types of men do not understand, and for the most part our world is a peaceful one full of explores as well. That we have a connection. I asked them to call you here if possible. I need your help.”
David walked up to Eric and tried to take his hand forgetting he was just an esoteric projection—the hand passing through his. “I watched you outside the hotel that day, you see I was the one that sent the red wolf to both of you thinking maybe you could help Martin escape the professor. At the time I didn’t know that the men the professor hired had attacked the house and took Martin. I wanted to tell you everything then, but I didn’t know how. I’m sorry for the pain I caused, but you three, I have no one else to turn to.” David put his eyes to the ground breathing heavy and troubled.
 Lucas, Eric and Martin moved together the light shown brighter around them.
Eric spoke first, “Yes, we could help, I think we all feel we should, but how. We have no way of finding or dealing with them.”
“Would you really help?” David’s eyes lifting to meet Eric’s.
“Sure we’ll help, right Martin?” said Lucas. “I mean this is pretty amazing. I’m still having trouble with this not being a dream and all or isn’t, or, I don’t know, but Eric’s right. What could we do?”
A tremendous roar assaulted the air as creatures of all kinds made way for the noise. The black wolfs, which had to be guardians, joined to stop whatever the ruckus belonged to. A gray mass stood up claws outstretched ready to attack—Lucas recognizing it was the gray wolf he was so familiar with. It stopped eyes blazing the brightest blue, fur bristling red waves of energy ready to challenge anything that got in its way. The guardians backed off as it flew into the air and landed at Lucas’s feet. Two black wolves came onto the circle and stood next to it.
Lucas wondered why his friend was late for the party until he caught site of another wolf crashing through the crowd. It could have been the gray wolfs twin. Except it seemed sleek and majestic almost cat like in its movements. Its fur normal as it blew in the slight breeze. Similar to wolves from our world.
The guardians and ape-like creatures gathered closer in front of the circle a sense of fear permeating the air. The gray wolf approaching stopped, lifted its head, and gave a monstrous howl. David blocked his ears and all went silent. Lucas’s wolf walked to the edge of the circle with a low continuous growl. The mass of animals joined in as though to add their voices.
“Must be their leader,” said Eric. “I take it all of this is not entirely sanctioned by the higher ups.”
Lucas terrified could only manage a frown.
The growling ceased as the leader began to rise in the air its shape a blur as it transformed into a small white light, a flash from a camera so bright it hurt to look at. Lucas understood how this normal creature could be leader—this animal was more than what it seemed. The light shimmered, a sparkler in the night, but sparkles of light settled into the crowd. All backed off. Even the guardians. All except Lucas’s wolf.
The light morphed back into the sleek, seductive animal and moved towards the monolith. Lucas thought a fight for dominance would take place and feared for David. He was real. Solid in this world. Lucas, Eric and Martin were but a dream. Lucas positioned himself in front of David. He didn’t know what he would do, but they weren’t going to hurt David.
To his surprise a staring match took place. It grew quiet as Lucas focused on the white wolves eyes blazing blue. He could feel the intensity of the mist increase. The extra force strengthened his senses and he could smell the dampness of the grass and ground. Did they read his mind? Were they going to help?
The staring matched stopped and the gray wolf turned to David its eyes yellow. David shook his head in agreement.
“They are willing to be a part of an experiment as long as they can set the terms. As long as the professor returns the red wolf. They are more interested in our world. Our technology. You need to tell the professor this. That it isn’t the drug. It’s the structure we stand on connected to similar ones built in the ancient past. It’s just me and Martin and people like us who activate the transformation. I still don’t know why. Once the professor and his associates find out there is nothing to sell, we can come to some mutual agreement.”
“And, if they refuse to agree?” asked Martin.
“Then the wolves will find a way into our world and take back what is theirs by any means open to them. That is what I fear.”
David walked back towards the center of the circle of light. “Besides I am trapped here. An unwilling hostage I think.”
“Then it’s settled… “Eric’s voice echoed away as Lucas found himself weightless floating above his body. With a heart pounding awareness he heard a loud noise in his ears and bang—he jumped up in bed, the paperback flying from his hands. Eric sat up next to him both staring at each other in disbelief, then they cried out, startled by a ringing phone.

Chapter Thirteen
Paris passed into its nocturnal brilliance as Lucas and Eric stopped to catch their breath running from the hotel to the entrance of the Tuileries across from the Luxor Obelisk. The vendors outside the garden were long gone replaced by people of the night sitting along the stairs enjoying the warm and busy air of the Place de la Concorde.
Martin phoned and recounted his version of the dream and said he’d pick them up by the fountains. Why not at the hotel Lucas could only guess, but the car Martin described didn’t appear to be part of the traffic circling the obelisk. They walked to the end of the block on the chance that Martin waited on the opposite side.
Worry pounded the brain in preparation for an unknown ritual. How they could rescue a creature that can tear to pieces anyone that got in its way was too much for Lucas to think about. Even if they found the place it was held captive and set it free—what guarantee ensured safety? The overwhelming feeling of events turning out for the positive made Lucas want to run back to the hotel, pack and take the first plane home. These thoughts flashed through his mind in seconds, and he fought hard to push them away. He was committed to his friends, to Eric and Martin, and after listening to David felt in someway compelled to set right what had transpired between this world and the world of the wolves. He was still worried about the confrontation going wrong. The type of characters that kept company with the professor are dangerous, and the people controlling them blindly determined to keep what they found at any cost.
The roundabout grew noisy as traffic slowed and started up again. Eric shook his head as they reached the other end. Quick after the phone call they moved fast, but not that fast—no Martin. He knew it was the excitement that fueled his impatience. Eric’s too, as he stood with hands in pockets stretching his neck to see down the street.
The warm night air, lights, and cars made Lucas think of the Vegas strip. Eric loved it as much as he did. All the people, the grand hotels in pretentious splendor. Groups of friends, lovers, young and old. Unknown destinations of wealth and happiness the city offered or took away. Maybe the chance of uncertainty brought those memories to the surface.
Eric and Lucas decided to wait in the middle of the two streets and stood across from the obelisk. The 3300-year-old monument to the Pharaoh Ramses II looked like a small rocket ready to take off from some modern launching pad right in the middle of Paris. Made of red granite and decorated with hieroglyphics; the very top having been broken was replaced with a bronzed covered duplicate of the original adding to the effect. 
Lucas noticed a change in the atmosphere. A low hum in his ears as the ground tremble below his feet—out-of-place sensations beyond the ordinary. He touched Eric’s arm to get his attention as the world around slowed down as time lost its grip. The same type of ghostly mist that covered the stone circle on the planet of the wolves slithered from the sidewalk and onto the street. It moved under the assault of tires making its way in a straight line for the obelisk. Beyond the fountains the mist intertwined the granite rocket joining at the golden top, and with a blue pulse of light spread straight up to the sky arcing back to distant points on the ground. Time returned to normal and Lucas and Eric backed away. Several people stopped to look. Traffic oblivious to the site above.
The sound of car horns and the screech of breaks broke the trance as they watched what could only be Martin driving half on the sidewalk to avoid oncoming traffic. The door flew open, and Martin got out as the light from the top of the obelisk extended down around him. Lucas and Eric ran to help. Martin reached out his hand, but the only words they could hear were, I’m sorry, before a white flash of light made them stop, and in his place was the large gray wolf on two legs hollowing to the sky.
People started to scream and run as the wolf got on all fours and ran towards both men. The wolf jumped up on Lucas’s chest tail wagging with the words in his ears, sent to help. “He said he came to help,” Lucas repeated.
Eric relieved Lucas wasn’t torn to shreds felt conspicuous, worried that people would start to video. At least, the light shooting from the obelisk had disappeared.
“Come on we should go,” said Eric.
Eric got in the driver side as Lucas headed for the back when the wolf stopped, gave a strange type of whimper, and a slight growl.
“Oh,” said Lucas as he opened the back door. “In you go.”
The wolf moved away pointing with its head in the direction he wanted them to follow.
“No. This way will be quicker,” encouraged Lucas.
Again, the wolf hesitated and whimpered—its body language insistent that it should lead the way. Then Lucas understood, and Eric said it, “I think he’s afraid.”
Lucas knelt down and cautiously touched the gray wolf’s head as his fingers stroked the silky texture of alien fur. Surprised the animal let him do this he noticed it wore a collar with a crystal, which resembled intertwining serpents. Now how did you get this on? David!
“It’s okay. There’s nothing to be afraid of. I know this all seems strange, but we couldn’t possibly keep up with you. It’s the only way. And, we must hurry. Besides, I think we’re attracting too much attention.”
People overcoming fear moved close, curious as to the unusual scene. Lucas got up and went to the door as the wolf followed and jumped in the back seat. Eric looked at Lucas, raised his eyebrows, put the car in gear and said, “Ready?”
“Ready,” said Lucas. 
Turning around on the sidewalk to the consternation of a group of young tourists Eric bumped back into the flow of traffic. Lucas looked behind him at their unwilling passenger and pressed the button to open the window. A deep growl, barred teeth, and red eyes made Lucas’s heart skip a beat as he tried to convince the wolf he didn’t mean any harm. The creature’s fur blew in the breeze as it sniffed the air and stuck its head out the window. Sitting back taking a deep breath to relieve his fear Eric gave Lucas a nudge nodding to the back. “I guess some things never change no matter what world you come from.” Lucas suppressed a laugh as the image of the gray wolf’s head appeared in the side mirror.
“So, mon amie, where are we going? Martin has left this GPS on, but I’m not sure if I am reading it right.”
Lights flickered on the display as a tiny arrow moved on a red line.
“Well, it’s marked, and all we could do is follow. It’s not close. We go across the river almost to the outside of the city.”
Eric turned the car to the left following the unknown directions, and in the rearview mirror a large canine head peered straight ahead.
Indians. American Indians; the indigenous people of his homeland. The wolves and other strange creatures, ancestral worship, summoning of spirits, could the stories be true? What if these animals appeared throughout the past to the Native American populations, maybe even all over the world. Wouldn’t the ancient people of the land see talking animals as things to worship, even emulate? David did say such journeys were taken years ago to the unnamed planet. Lucas was caught in a profound state between discoveries about himself, and the crazy fact that we are not alone. How did Eric feel? They didn’t have time to talk after Martin’s phone call and now wouldn’t be the best time to discuss esoteric philosophies.
He sighed, “You think we should give our friend a name?” asked Lucas. 
What name do you give to a new species? The gray wolf similar to canines had similar features, but augmented with a super technology. It didn’t have the same type of fur and it didn’t pant when nervous.
“You should ask him,” said Eric.
Those black liquid eyes again. They glowed yellow replacing the darkness. An electrical jolt went straight through Lucas’s brain. He felt as though he was hit with a blast of hot air inside his skull. The glow stopped while he recovered. This time the sounds in the ear didn’t happen—it was a series of thoughts very distinct.
 “Wow! I can see the information in my mind. They don’t have names like us, they identify each other by smell, and in fact the majority of how they communicate is by scent, although they do have a written language. Odd?”
Eric stopped the car for a light and looked at the map. “But, how do they call one another?”
“I don’t know Eric. I guess we’ll have to give him a name. We’ll have to tell him this is how we would call him if we need him.”
Eric chuckled, “Do you think he would mind if we gave him a French name like, Fife or Coco? You know a good French name.”
“I don’t think he’d get it, but when he found out just remember it was your idea.” Lucas thought a moment, “What about Jasper, I always liked that name.”
“Jasper I don’t know, it sounds friendly but not powerful enough, you know, maybe something more exotic like Xender?”
Lucas turned to the wolf that sat patient as it stared ahead.
He tried again, “What would you like us to call you? Do you know enough of are language to pick um…a human name?”
The eyes glowed again this time ringing in the ears, Mingan, David, red wolf, Raff meaning… the sound ended. Lucas and Eric where both quiet.
“Mingan,” repeated Lucas. “I suppose I’ll have to ask David why. I still like Jasper, or Star. Twilights a good one. We could call you Loup, but I guess that would be like calling a dog, a dog so I guess Mingan for you and Raff for our captive friend.”
The gray wolf sat up and jumped into the front and started to growl. Eric swerved to the curb and hit the breaks.
“Mingans a nice name,” said Lucas, startled out of his analytical trance. “I didn’t mean I didn’t like it.” The wolf continued to growl and sniff the air.
“No Lucas I think we are getting close,” said Eric.
He had forgotten how far they had come from the central hub of the city. This part of town looked broken down, a lost remnant of better days. Mostly factories with large parking lots. Broken fences, graffiti walls, and small jungles growing from the cracks in the cement.
Eric drove the car down the street and, turned left then right stopped at an intersection of old houses.
“It’s down that way if the map is correct, maybe that large house or building, surrounded by trees. Looks strange.”
The loup sat back and started to whine as it wiped its face with its paw then scratched at the door with a desperate determination.
“He wants out,” said Eric as he parked the car along the sidewalk.
“Well, I guess this is it. Not really a game plan, eh Eric?”
“Non. Je devine le jeu il par l’oreille.”
“Huh?” asked Lucas.
“We play it by ear mon amie.”
The wolf scratched at the door again. Lucas got out, but wasn’t prepared when he opened the back door, the wolf pushed it with such force it knocked him back inside the front seat as it ran across the street disappearing behind a group of trees.
“Wait!” shouted Lucas as Eric helped him up. “Where did he go to?”
“He went past those trees Lucas, come on!”
They followed through the small wood trying to avoid sharp branches and thorn bushes that meant to trip or harm. The short sprint brought them to a meadow a small wilderness in the middle of the urban decline.
Where was the gray wolf? Navigation through the tall grasses left to seed and uneven ground made it difficult to walk. Lucas tried to adjust his eyes to the darkness. The illumination from the city beyond the trees helped, but there was something else. A scent caught on the wind. It was familiar somehow, and he smelled it in the car. At first, he thought it was Eric’s cologne, spicy with a hint of sage, but now recognized it as the scent of the wolf—subdued, unnoticeable until now. It was the darkness the inability to see, had it heightened his sense of smell?
“Do you smell that,” asked Eric.
“Yeah, I think it’s the wolf.”
They jogged and sniffed the air in the direction of the scent until they caught site of a gray glint running around a large stone pillar.
As they approached the Mingan growled, his eyes lighting up the word—back!
Frozen more from fear than instruction the wolf ran towards another small stone in the distance. The gray animal continued outlining a circle of stones surrounding a large one in the center. As it did each one lit up with an eerie blue light arcing towards the central pillar. Five stones in all the gray wolf sat down in front of them it’s fur shimmering, radiating light. The serpentine crystal it wore around the neck shined as did the animal’s eyes. The light pulsated between the stones faster and faster like the workings of a giant machine. Lucas remembered back to the dream and the stone archway on the other world. This must be an ancient site. A place of ancestral worship, a gateway to the planets, built by the same race of people. Close to where the professor did his experiments on David. David tapping into this ancient energy.
“I think it’s trying to open a doorway,” Eric said worried. “I hope it doesn’t take us in exchange for the others.”
Lucas agreed with Eric when a small light appeared in the middle of the blue-gray artifact. A spiral ribbon of energy formed in the center brighter as it shaped into a black wolf. The animal hit the ground in slow motion and turned to watch another follow. Time stopped. The air stilled. A pop in the ears and snap—the esoteric machine shut off. Total darkness again and the smell of cinnamon mixed with an unfamiliar odor similar to licorice. Two more distinct scents, those of the other wolves.

Chapter Fourteen
Martin caught his balance dizzy from the unforeseen exchange with the gray wolf. After the phone call to Lucas and Eric he rushed and grabbed the keys to the car trying very hard not to wake Gerard or his father. He was relieved it wasn’t just a dream after all—the talk with his friends confirming the nightmarish experience was real. And, now it was up to the three of them to try to rescue the red wolf. How they would achieve this he couldn’t imagine, but they had to try.
The traffic was in the way even this late at night. The confusion of pedestrians and cars made him nervous not being that experienced of a driver. He told Lucas and Eric over the phone he would meet them by the fountains at the other end of the Tuileries Gardens—thinking to avoid the complexity of one wayside streets to the hotel taking a straight shot down the grand avenue. He fiddled with the GPS device programming it with the address David had given him, not making any sense of the red lines and attached streets. That was the least of his worries, more concerned with how they would convince the professor to release the red wolf. He was glad that Lucas and Eric decided to help, but felt guilty for their involvement. They could have just walked away. Continued their vacation unhindered by his problem. It was hard to believe the noble gesture towards David and the red wolf wasn’t motivated by something else. An influence brought about by contact with the wolves of the other world—they do exert a special power over the mind. Are the thoughts we have our own? Martin knew when the transformation ended he felt strong and rejuvenated—a gift or a deliberate effect if not by the wolves then a machine that hides as a stone slab on another world. Still, he liked Lucas and Eric, and dispelled doubts knowing they are men of moral character. The gesture to help without doubt, a noble one. To do the right thing even if met with danger. He felt the same, but agreed with the professor that this was something big. Imagine me agreeing with the old mad man. Perhaps in this instance the desire of discovery out weighed everything else. His heart didn’t believe this as he sped up to catch a light.
He could see the obelisk up ahead gleaming from the floodlights, but there was something strange about the glow. As he approached, he tightened his grip on the wheel of the car in fear of falling backwards. The light of reality began to fade in and out as he avoided hitting a car. He knew what was happening. The void was dragging him back to the world of the wolves. Did he have time to warn Lucas and Eric? To late, as he made the decision to turn against traffic and bank the car on the curb. Getting out the blue light engulfed him just long enough to say he was sorry. The shimmer of sparkles faded after shaking his head. Back again to the nameless world—David reaching out to keep him steady.
“The gray wolf wanted to help. It seems that we are contact points for the machine allowing the exchange,” said David. “It’s concerned that although Lucas and Eric are capable, they may need the extra help the wolves can provide. The guardians will join in as soon as it can get the portal open.” 
Martin saw two black wolves standing next to David the words exchange and portal ringing in his head. “What do you mean get the portal open?”
“The gray wolf has found a way of controlling this machine. And, it is a machine. I’m not sure how, but don’t you see what this means. You and I can be free.”
Martin was gaining strength, but went to sit down by one of the arches leaning his back against it, David joining him. The meadow surrounding the stone circle was virtually empty. The dark furred canines, guardians as David called them, roamed nervously in front almost fearful to step onto the platform. Some huddle in groups with the occasional low, muffled growl, heads turning to a row of several gray wolfs on a small knoll to the back observing the scene. One of those, thought Martin, must be the leader from the dream.
“They sent everyone away,” replied David as if he read Martin’s mind. “Only the guardians remain, determined not to let anyone come to close. Still, if you look beyond into the woods, it is filled with glowing eyes.”
“So if the gray wolf is successful it could come and go into our world?”
“Yes,” said David. “I think instead of the artifacts on earth becoming the point of reference our consciousness interfered and we became the target of exchange. A property built into the machine. Maybe a security device to track users while exploring—if one gets tired another can take its place without having to start from the source. It is only a guess I really don’t know.”
Martin smiled admiring David trying to figure all of this out. “Tell me about yourself David. How you and the red wolf came to be.”
“I was very young about two or three when my parents had died in an accident. It seemed I had no relatives. No aunts or uncles or even grandparents to take me in. Although, I find it highly unlikely that is the case. So, I barely knew my parents. At first I didn’t think anything strange about my situation until around the age of five I noticed adults coming to take some of the other children away. They all seemed so happy about it. Then I began to understand, the fog was lifted, and I knew I had been orphaned. It didn’t bother me until I was about ten. I desperately wanted to know about my mother and father. The councilors did try to help, but even they were baffled as to why little information could be found. It’s, as they said, my parents had assumed a new identity—very little background. I remember something about them being Americans. We were encouraged when learning French to learn another language as well. It would better our chances of finding homes in other countries. I learned English because it might be the language of my parents. If a relative came forward, at least I would be able to understand what they were saying. Around the age of sixteen I started have nightmares and couldn’t sleep. I’m not sure what they were about. I don’t know if it had to do with the accident, my parents, or the proximity of the megaliths of Paris. It didn’t matter I wasn’t sleeping and became more withdrawn and depressed. That’s when I was brought to the professor. He’s more of a research scientist someone who studies the chemistry of the brain. I just call him the professor. He was kind and tried to help with techniques to quiet anxiety and fear. It didn’t help as the sleeplessness continued. One day he came to me all excited about a new drug he’d developed having permission to start human trials. The drug was geared more for children and young adults with anxiety problems. He said it affected the areas of the brain that controlled sleep, and if I were willing, I could become a participant. What did I have to lose? So, I said yes. At first it did seem to help, but then a week into the trial I noticed as I got drowsy images would flash in my minds eye—crystal clear of people and places outside in the city of Paris. It was remarkable because on occasion I would come across a scenario of what I had envisioned. I kept this to myself thinking it was just my imagination. Then a few months ago it happened. I had the sensation of falling into darkness. A void so vast you can only feel it because you were moving very fast. I thought I had died and expected for a happy reunion with the parents I had never known. Instead, I get delivered to this stone circle. The meadow was empty. I stood there alone looking up at a strange night sky and the blue light emanating from the middle of the arch. Then I was pulled back and woke up in my bed thinking it was a dream or a side effect from the drug. I didn’t tell the professor and stopped taking the pills, but the experience didn’t stop in fact it seemed to get worse. I started to resist until I overcame the fear and curiosity settled in. So, I let it happen and in the black void I met for the first time the red wolf. We slowed down in the darkness just staring at one another when images began to form in my head. Pictures of strange places and animals—unknown symbols like hieroglyphics that were meaningless to me. Days passed without the experience and I thought that was the end. But, finally getting enough sleep I started to have dreams of the red wolf. I saw the animal in the meadow looking and searching surprised to have found the stone circle. I got the impression that this is what it did—research such sites. A kind of wolf archeologist. I thought that funny somehow. Another weird dream? It looked around studying the stone and arch. Sniffing and touching and then just sitting trying to concentrate, focus its mind on the object itself. I didn’t get any impressions as to why the interest, only that this was part of their history, and such sites unusual because an unknown people must have built them. You see, they don’t build I think, but find such structures in remote parts of their world. So they are curious. Well, on one such occasion that’s when the transformation happened. It must have mentally activated the circle. I was the catalyst. The point B in space to its point A. Well that is it. That is all there is. I began to learn from it, and the red wolf began to learn from me. Eventually I told the professor. At first, he didn’t believe me until he had seen it for himself.  He was frightened and curious just as I was. He videoed it and that’s when the people came and asked me all kinds of questions. I told them it was the drug which I thought it was. Thinking if they believed this they would leave me and the red wolf alone.”
Martin ready to make a profound statement stopped as a tremor shook beneath the circle and the animals along the outside diverted their attention to the two black wolves that stood before the blue light of the archway. Even the gray wolves in the distant stood up. Martin sensed fear thick in the air as the guardians backed away and whimpered as tentacles of mist came towards them ready to engulf. The two sentinels ready for the trip obviously were having second thoughts. The tentacles moved closer and each of the wolves looked at one another tails wagging as both leapt into the ectoplasmic arms and disappeared.
Everything went dark as if the power of the planet had been turned off. Waves of terror hit Martin hard as did the silence. The lights back on the stone circle was dead. Devoid of activity. The wolves agitated, paced back and forth along the edge.
“Well, I hope they can be of some help to Lucas and Eric,” said Martin in a worried voice.
Again, ready to impart profound wisdom he was interrupted by a loud bang that made both him and David jump. It came from the woods. The black wolves stood up in front of the circle as the gray wolf, the leader, streaked across the meadow, and disappeared into the darkness as a ball of light.
“It sounded like trees being broken or banged together,” said Martin.
David began to shake his body responding to fear or anxiety.
“It’s okay David. It’ll be all right,” said Martin taking hold of David’s hand as he wrapped his arm around his shoulder pulling him close.
“I am sorry Martin. I guess this is all beginning to catch up with me.”
The black wolves turned their attention to David and whimpered wanting to come closer, but seemingly afraid. Martin couldn’t understand why, but knew they wanted to help. They settled for lying down and putting their heads on the stone slab eyes looking up at the two young men.
“Lucas, Eric and the gray wolf will help us get out of this. You’ve been so brave David doing all of this alone. But, you’re not alone anymore. I will help you. We will help you. You must believe that.”
Martin felt David’s curly hair, brush against his cheek, and kissed him on top of his head. David stopped shaking and Martin could feel the weight of David’s body lean closer against him. A bright moon road high in the sky—was the moon always full on this planet? David and him shared more than just looks. They shared a similar past. Both growing up distant from the outside world, always looking out, wanting desperately to be a part of something, and now they are. Here on a planet full of unknowns, controlled by predators who kept them captive or safe. Martin couldn’t decide which. David moved slightly, asleep in his arms. Martin sighed and looked up at the stars—the wonderful, brilliant, beautiful stars thankful for the companionship of his new friend.

Chapter Fifteen
Across from the meadow the clinic appeared an aged, but formidable foe hidden behind shrubs, trees, and bricked walls thick with the message, stay out! Lucas hoped, as did Eric, the wolves understood the plan. Enter unseen and try to find where they might be keeping the red wolf. If possible, avoid confrontation. Be as ghosts. Somehow Lucas didn’t think that would work, but he and the gray wolf would create a diversion and try to get into the front while Eric and his two companions found a way inside through the back. They depended on the fact that the occupants expected not a bit of trouble or intrusion if David’s assessment were correct. Although, he was sure that after the attack the other night, the one that took Martin and the drug away, their security might be more effective than just a few locked doors.
Lucas was glad for the other two wolves, remembering the dream—the ones standing next to David. It was hard to believe that these were intelligent animals with a culture, a social structure. It would be interesting to learn more about how they lived. Interest in us seemed evident. What was it that David said? Learn more about are technology? Funny to think that intelligent life from the stars would be amazed at the things man built. They stopped and crouched down by a brick wall next to the entrance gate—the Mingan sniffing the air. Now we’ve become the guides. Eric was my guide to the city of Paris and my heart. Welcome puppy-dogs to the planet earth—next stop the kennels.
“Okay. Eric shouldn’t we synchronize watches or something?”
“We don’t have watches mon amie, but we have these,” holding up his mobile.
“Oh,” said Lucas. “Okay then, call me now so we can stay in contact.”
Eric punched in the numbers as the sounds of a jazz band startled the two wolves. Lucas let them investigate the strange device as Eric spoke. His voice surprised the canines as they backed away—their stance more of interest than of fear.
“No, no, don’t be afraid,” Lucas said. “Waves travel through the air similar to the portal that brought you here. It’s how we communicate over large distances.” Their gaze still the liquid stare absorbed Lucas’s explanation. They read minds, or sensed thoughts, but found it hard to associate the imagery with the spoken words. Lucas sensed they wanted to learn the language and all about his world. Good or bad? Did they read this thought, too?
“So we just sneak around inside?” asked Lucas.
“If we’re quiet enough, we can find their friend and get out of here, and if anyone interferes, they can knock them out. You know—to jump on them or scare them—I don’t know. Anyway Let’s just hope they are not in a killing mood.”
“And, what if we get caught and they do have guns?”
Eric frowned this illusion spoiling his plan. “Then, we surrender to save our lives and negotiate. That’s what they want, anyway. An agreement to learn about us, although I hope David has explained these may not be trustworthy people.”
Lucas shrugged as he remembered how the red wolf attacked the man in the park, in control and determined, throat-ripping violence. He was worried about Eric, but knew he was with a couple of powerful allies as they took off around the back. He looked at the gray wolf. “Oh well Mingan I guess it’s our turn.”
Lucky for Lucas the front of the building was dark, and despite its ominous stature it didn’t seem all that big. They walked up the long drive careful to remain hidden and reached the main entrance when Lucas caught site of a shadow moving across the front windows. He stopped and ducked behind one of the large trees. Mingan raced across the lawn and disappeared behind a bush. What Lucas saw next sent shivers to his very soul. As the shadow walked towards the entrance another appeared to morph slowly behind it, eyes glowed, paws outstretched as if to strangle. The first shadow fell to the ground; the second one disappeared. Lucas made his way to the fallen prey. The gray wolf sniffing its victim.
In a whisper, “I didn’t know you could do that. This might be easier than I thought.”
Lucas crouched down to listen to his phone. He had the sound on low—static—well, better than screaming.
What to do with the body, the guy was alive, just unconscious, but for how long. Mingan tried to help roll the man in the bushes when Eric’s voice came over the phone. “We found a way through the back, going in.” 
Picking the phone up from the ground Lucas responded with a shaky, be careful.
It was just a matter of time before all hell broke loose as he walked with his protector to the front door. It was locked. Should he knock? The place looked empty. Was it too late? Had everyone gone? The wolf waited.
“Another locked door. Well, I guess this time yelling and shouting won’t help.”
Mingan cocked its head to listen when it sniffed the air and motioned for Lucas to follow. Along the front an open window blew curtains in and out. Climbing inside Lucas held up his phone to add light and get his bearings as the wolf followed. Wooden floors creaked with every movement, adding sound to the folly in what appeared to be someone’s office.
Mingan sniffed around. “I wish I could do that,” said Lucas. “I mean to be able to use my nose to see.”
The gray wolf walked next to Lucas and let its head touch his hand. Numerous smells filled his nose as he gasped at the sensations. Instantly his brain started to process each one as he closed his eyes. Old wood was the first, strong, and pungent, like sharpening a pencil, bringing back memories of when he was a kid. Behind that the molds, cherry like and sweet at first, then strong, and musky making him want to pull away. He could smell paper and ink, leather mixed with metallic, a taste on his tongue like that of blood. Each inhale assaulted his brain as it compartmentalized images associating each new smell with memories to help identify. Rotting fruit was in the air as he focused on the wastebasket—the peel of an apple flashed into view. At the window he took another whiff and had to back off, the smells in the thousands, too much for his stomach to handle.
The enhancement of this ability affected the other senses. He could see images associated with them. Sounds and emotions, hot or cold on the skin, music, and voices, faded but real. He concentrated beyond the door. Faint traces of spice and earth, and an aroma not natural, a perfume lingered with the curious ability of being able to reach right down to his groin. Perfume? Now isn’t that interesting. Flashes appeared before his mind’s eye of the woman they met in the park while having lunch. She must be here!
One could get lost in this sense of smell. Memories of Eric flooded him, the smell of him, his hair and the sweat of his skin the taste of his mouth and body. Lucas started to get aroused with thoughts of their lovemaking and took a deep breath as he backed up against the desk opening his eyes. The gray wolf whimpered as if worried while Lucas fought for control. He shook his head to clear his mind rubbing his eyes and face.
“I hadn’t realized how powerful this could be. You could get lost in it.” His heart beat with fear as his mind focused upon the scents outside the door, thoughts of the women brought rationality and purpose back which helped to set up a protective barrier.
Poking his head outside the door the empty hallway reflected light from the large window at the end on the shiny wooden floors. The gray wolf followed as Lucas checked his cell phone to notice it was on mute. He never could get used to the touch screen. He pressed the mute off only to hear muffled sounds.
“Well, Jasper I guess we follow our nose.” The fragrant perfume of a mysterious temptress.
The bottom of Eric’s pants and devilishly, strung shoes were being tugged at with sharp teeth as the two wolves tried to help him out of a laundry bin. His arms swam in towels as he attempted to gain his balance. Grabbing on the edges of the bin he pushed himself up and back, and right onto the floor. The wolves sniffed him top to bottom concerned when he began to laugh. Eric watched both animals back away probably thinking he had elapsed into convulsions.
“It’s all right, I’m okay just think it’s funny the impression I’m not making.”
He went to get up when sharp pains went through his foot. “Damn now what?” He lifted his ankle and felt more pain as he touched it pulling down his sock. “Great, just great, what am I going to do now?” A slight twist, but enough to make it difficult to walk or run especially in the dark.
One of the wolves sniffed Eric’s bare skin and licked it. Eric thought it was a sweet gesture until he felt a tingle and numbness replace the pain. A haze covered his awareness as he floated inward. The sense of touch vanished. Blackness enveloped as he hovered in the void until trapped within a vision of bone, muscle, arteries and nerves. Claustrophobic. Movement, dependent on the mind’s focus, drifted to his foot. Several strands of tendons swelled and filled with blood. He watched as his consciousness stopped the bleeding, tissue absorbing the excess. Cells divided to repair the damage. Time had stopped. Existence infinite as the body healed until a cold floor and the sight of fangs returned awareness to a foot without pain.
The wolf’s saliva must have the ability to heal? What kind of creatures could do such a miraculous thing? If our world got a hold of this knowledge what would happen? Would we trap these animals as slaves? Dissect them to gain this biotechnology? Could this be what the professor wanted all along? Perhaps it was a connection between it and whatever energy they seemed to control. Eric’s mind raced through the series of possibilities. These animals are certainly full of surprises.
He reached out and brushed his hand through the iridescent fur and wondered if it were some kind of other skin.
“Thanks,” said Eric.
The two wolves whimpered wagging their tails glad that Eric lived when their attention diverted to the dark entry of the doorway. Like blurred shadows, they took off as an alarmed Eric got up and ran out into the corridor. Total darkness and the sound of claws scrambling on tiled floors made it even creepier. The light of his phone revealed the unknown as he made his way along the wall until the sounds of claws stopped and two points of light appeared and rushed towards him. The lights rose into the air as a warm wind brushed his face. Then another, but this time the lights had a message. A single word in his head; “Follow!”
“Damn,” he said turning to go back the way he came.
Lucas and the gray wolf made it to the front door only to find the entry hall empty. Everyone’s gone? But, what of the man outside? This didn’t make sense, there has to be someone here. David seemed so certain. Lucas froze as the gray wolf got up on hind legs and sniffed the air. Ears pointed, head still, it let out a fearsome growl. The wolf rose from the floor as its body twisted and jumped to the other side of the hall and disappeared around a corner.
“Wait!” shouted Lucas. How could it do that—leap off the floor so slow and defy gravity?
He flinched from a voice coming over the cell phone. “Eric what’s going on?”
“I don’t know, but the two wolves took off out back, and I’m running to the side of the building. Meet me there.”
Lucas heard loud growls accompanied by a bang that made his heart skip. “I think I’m heading the same way. Be careful!”
At the end of the corridor he saw a wooden door to the kitchen had been shattered the wolf having crashed through. “Now, it breaks down doors,” he thought.
The sound of an engine outside explained why the wolves took action. The captors were taking the red wolf elsewhere. He followed to the outside, and jumped off a small, concrete porch as the black wolves flew on top of a small truck the sound of metal being ripped apart as they tried to get inside. The gray wolf was on top of the cab. A giant paw swung down to shatter the front window as the driver rushed out in fear for his life. He didn’t get far when the wolf leapt on the man’s back and pushed him to the ground.
“Lucas!” yelled Eric.
Lucas turned to see him motioning to join him behind the truck.
“I tried to open the back, but this metal bar keeps me from lifting the door.”
“Is there something we can pry it off with?” 
Lucas strained in the dark to search the ground around the truck—nothing. He studied the lock at each end—it would take bolt cutters and a lot of strength to get these locks off. Although, he did remember reading something about a can of air and a hammer.
Eric looked to the top of the truck. “Hey guy’s, maybe a little help!”
Two ominous heads with fangs peered over—one jumped off and stood up next to Eric. Lucas shuddered at the sight of the giant, black wolf taller than his friend. White, glistening teeth showed as it opened its mouth with a muffled growl. Claws slid out from the black fur metallic as they glistened with an interior light. The sharp talons cut through the steel bar as white sparks flew from the gray tips. Eric and Lucas grabbed the handles and lifted the door to reveal a glass like cage surrounded by blue light that swirled in a grid pattern around the outside.
The sound of breaks made Lucas turn his attention to the gray wolf. A van pulled up as several men with guns emerged when the other black wolf on top the truck jumped off in a blur to stand with his comrade. The driver of the truck remained unconscious on the ground as the two wolves backed away preparing for attack.
“Damn Eric we have to get this open, all hell’s going to break loose if we don’t.”
 “I thought it already had,” said Eric drawing his attention back to the cage. “There has to be an off switch.”
Eric bent closer and ran his hand down the side careful not to touch the glass. He could feel the hair on his arms stand up from what he assumed to be static from the field of energy that crisscrossed the cage.
The black wolf came alongside him and before Eric could respond it lifted its steel claw and struck the container.
“Wait!” yelled Eric. It was too late. The force of the impact sent the wolf flying back with a yelp. It regained its stance unharmed while black eyes started to glow red.
“There’s got to be an easy way to open this,” said Eric.
“They wouldn’t have made it too hard, there must be?” Lucas saw a panel of buttons on the bottom and started pressing. The light turned off and the captive inside let out a blood-curdling howl. Lucas, Eric, and the black wolf stepped back as the glass shattered and the red wolf flew to freedom over their heads.
It stood up head pointed to the sky, and gave a deafening howl. Out of a group of clouds emerged the moon. White and majestic, sailing through the indigo sea of the night, it illuminated the strange animal animating the magnificent creature. Lucas marveled at the strength and intelligence. What knowledge did our ancient ancestors possess to build the megaliths like the one across the street in the hidden meadow? Shamans, high priests, leaders of the old religions communicated with beings from another world. Using the power of earth and stone now buried beneath the modern constructs of concrete and steel—real history lost through ignorance and time. And what of the moon? He remembered reading about how it rang when a missile was sent as a test. Was it really hollow? Was it artificially made to help create life on this isolated planet? A deliberate face painted on its surface to make us look up and wonder what would cause such shadows to be cast. A genetic program to awaken our curiosity?”
Lucas froze to the sound of a loud click. “No!” Remembering the men with the guns he ran from behind the back of the truck towards the two wolves and downed man. He wouldn’t let the violence continue. Deep in his gut he knew he had to protect his friends. Protect Eric, no matter what would happen.
Muscle, bone, and blood reacted as his body delivered the inner strength needed to stand in front of the two wolves, his arms held outward he shouted. “Stop! Don’t shoot! Please!” 
Eric followed with the same determination and love ready to fight together, brothers in arms, for what they felt was right. Silly thoughts again? Maybe, but he didn’t care, here he was and they were going to make a difference.
Lucas backed up against Eric and whispered, “Uh, Eric how do you say don’t shoot in French?” guessing these guys didn’t speak English.
Eric opened his mouth and closed it being taken slightly off guard and shouted, “Ne tirez  pas. Ne tirez pas.”
The men still held up their guns when three figures emerged from the van. An old man, the young girl from the park, Emma, David said her name was, and the mysterious suited man. The professor said something in French, and the guns lowered as he walked towards them. The wolves began to growl at the old man.
“Qui etes-vous?” asked the professor.
Lucas stepped forward to answer, “I guess you could call us just part of the pack. We’re here to help. To rescue the red wolf. David asked us. Why did you trap it? Didn’t you stop to think it might hurt David?”
“You are American? Is David safe?” asked the professor, concern in his voice.
“He’s okay for the moment, but unless these creatures return there’s no telling what will happen,” said Lucas.
The wolves growled again, impatient, probably not understanding this exchange. The verbal exchange. The professor motioned for the armed men to go into the building.
“I know this is hard to understand, and our methods not what you are used to, but we meant no harm. David vanished as he often does, and all we had was the red wolf as you call it. We needed to know what happened. It didn’t seem to be able to communicate and got violent. Taking some precautions we constructed the cage some time ago, a Faraday like enclosure blocking out electromagnetic frequencies, we lured it inside hoping to take it to a more secure location. After all, we couldn’t keep this place closed for long. We had every intention in trying to make sure David came back. We could only guess there were more of these wolves. How did they come to be?”
Lucas felt the professor might be sincere, but how could you trust such people.
“Your drug doesn’t work,” Lucas said moving closer. “It’s the stones. The stones in the meadow beyond the trees. They channel energy from the earth and open a doorway to another world. Your drug helped David to activate it. I think the red wolf was doing the same thing simultaneously, and they synced up causing the exchange.” The professor looked puzzled. “Can you show us this…exchange?” asked the professor.
Lucas looked at Eric as the gray wolf, not waiting for talkative instructions, took off across the street to the woods.
The list of artistic movements flowed through Lucas’s mind struggling with one another, an analytical battle of dominance to fit the scene before him. The psyche distracting the fear of almost being shot at or his life turned upside down. Run to art for cover from the real world. Movies did that, taking him on a surrealistic journey. Disheartened at how the visual arts could ever compete with the special effects on the screen today. Disheartened until he remembered the works by Maxfield Parrish. Brilliant, illustrative paintings from the mind of an artistic genius. How would Max paint this murky, meadow with its strange group of people? Eric, his brand-new lover, both of us rejected by most of the known world. Could our love survive the struggle? The young Emma, modern girl with her red lips, short black, hair and even shorter skirt. Long, legs trying to keep her small body steady in boots designed more to be looked at instead of worn. The mystery man walking next to her. Who was he? What part of the underworld of crime did he come from?  A controller from worlds of money sent to oversee and take advantage of unsuspecting innocence, or a government agent slithering through the cracks of human ingenuity ready to steal technologies to make war easier. Lucas wanted to punch him. He never felt that way before. Wanting to hurt someone, but he wanted to take this guy down, just because. Professor idiot. Doctor, mentor, a father figure to David. A little boy lost between loneliness and despair growing up to find himself an unwilling experiment, now so far away with perhaps the only real friend he ever had, Martin. And then, the wolves from a yet to be named world. Powerful beings just as lost and desperate carrying inside the same questions, looking for answers to a beginning. Looking up to the stars.
The sky had cleared of clouds and the Maxfield like moon smiled down to shine on the trees and grass as it painted their edges with its romantic glow, blurring any middle ground between light and dark. The gray wolf stood before the center-stone more like a man with a fur cloak with a wolf’s head than the actual animal. Paws outstretched to the sky the faint blue-light twisting into the air, arcing its way to the other five stones. On contact a wave of static flowed passed, causing the hair to stand up on Lucas’s arm and the group to stop. The light intensified and began to pulse, sounds of the city beyond the trees muffled and the ears compressed by the change in air pressure.
“This is incredible,” said the professor. “But, how can this be? I don’t understand.”
“We don’t understand it either and it seems neither do the wolves,” said Eric. “We can believe what is written in those books about ancient aliens. There is a secret yet to be uncovered, and I am afraid you and David have somehow stumbled onto it with the help of the red wolf from the other side.”
The professor looked at the dark-haired man and Emma and then again to Lucas and Eric. “Can we get him back?”
“I should think so, but it is up to them.” Eric nodded towards the wolves.
The gray wolf was on all fours and moved towards the two black ones standing next to Eric. Its head down to the ground and tail low Lucas felt its body language expressed sadness on having to leave. The eyes always dark, black without pupils or color only when communicating turning yellow or exerting some force turning red. Maybe these animals were more mechanical than artificial. Bio-mechanical. The fur was unlike that of a dog and what eyes in nature could change color on command. He sighed thinking it didn’t matter. In the short time they spent together he had become quite attached to Jasper, which he decided would be its name.
A deep-throated rumble came from the gray wolf as its companions started to whine as they moved in front of Eric. Kneeling down on the grass Eric hugged his two friends almost being pushed backwards as they nuzzled closer.
“It will be all right,” said Eric. “Maybe we will meet again sometime, huh? And thanks for fixing my ankle. Tell the others were not all bad.”
His large hands brushed through the fur in an all to human gesture of affection, his eyes glistening in the moonlight. Lucas thought back to the time when Eric was going home after graduation. Sitting at the airport waiting to board Lucas felt sick to his stomach. They babbled on about what they were going to do, but deep inside all Lucas wanted to do was grab and hug him never letting him go. He was going to miss Eric. Never having a brother Eric became one, and now he was leaving, perhaps for good. Lucas was brave until he got back to the car, and for the first time since being a kid, started to cry.
Wagging their tails and yelping the two black wolves began to run around playfully fighting with one another as they jumped into the whirlpool of light from the illuminated stone. The mesmeric glow engulfed the dark shapes as it transfixed them frozen until they faded silently away.
“But, how is it possible for them to come and go, and yet David and Martin cannot?” asked the professor.
“You’ll have to ask David,” said Eric getting up to stand next to Lucas.
The gray wolf stood as Eric and Lucas held its paws. The picture made even stranger as the intelligent predator moved close to Lucas’s ear. The familiar buzzing sound and the words, “Give to Martin.”
Lucas felt something fall into his hand. A hot coal burned into his skin, but cooled just as fast. It was the crystal pendant the wolf used to open the gateway. 
“I still think I’ll call you Jasper,” said Lucas.
With that Jasper barked at the red wolf. The animal waited. It had been silent all the while, its gaze on the professor and his little group of misfits. Secret thoughts in an animal mind. It joined the gray wolf and shook its fur as a shimmer of red light hit Lucas and Eric. A thank you? A liquid stare and a nod of the head.
The light from the top of the stone swirled down around them, a supernatural fog that was guided by some intelligent control. It broke into two separate strands each spiraled around the center of the animals faster and faster as it induced a bright, blue light causing everyone to back away. The two wolves dissolved, the curtain closing, and in their place stood David and Martin.
 “David,” shouted the professor. “It is true that this is the result of a technology? Those animals, intelligent animals are able to control this?”
“I’m afraid so professor, but I don’t think that you could say they understand it any more than we do.” David walked up to the center stone and touched it as if some secret would be revealed. “This is beyond any modern understanding, ancient and so old as yet to be discovered.”
“Are you all right David?” said Emma. The young woman had been quiet the whole time, like the rest watching in silence the life altering events of the past few moments.
“I am okay Emma,” David reached out to take her hands. “I think everything will be okay now. You all must realize that even though the transformation has taken place many times, it is only recently I have gained a better understanding of what was happening. Although I did not think you had a way of interfering with the connection.”
“You mean the cage,” said the professor. “It was just a means to an end. We couldn’t stay here and we had to try to find away of moving the creature. We couldn’t allow it to escape into the city and go running after it. Besides, although your friends might not believe it, we didn’t know what happened to you.”
 Lucas believed none of this and wanted to start shouting nasty objections left and right, but gave way to the situation. These were the men with the guns and thought best to keep quiet. He was concerned they would get out of this unscathed. A fear crept over him now that the wolves were gone the benign creatures being their only leverage. A protection they no longer had.
David walked over to Lucas and Eric his blue eyes sparkled, pale skin reflecting the moonlight. An almost mirror image of Martin. “Thank both of you for helping me. I was truly worried. The gray wolf insisted on the transformation with Martin. I think it knows more about all of this than it can communicate.” He paused. “Can I consider you my friends?”
Lucas had to hold back tears from what seemed to him a desperate plea by someone who was without friends. Thinking back to his own youth surrounded by loving parents, friends at school, he never could imagine living in an orphanage. The only people in your life clocking out at the end of a days work. Gathered with others like you wondering why life would have abandoned them to a childhood of loneliness
He walked up to David and hugged him as if this gesture would somehow make up for the many years of lost love. Looking into the gray-blue eyes Lucas said, “Yes Eric and I are definitely your friends.
“Of course we are. After all, we’re here, huh? We’re all part of the pack,” said Eric.
David held his head down as Martin took his hand and pulled it around him putting his head on his shoulders. Lucas noticed the light grow brighter and looked up at the full moon riding high in the dark sky. Coming to Paris he thought he was a man on vacation, visiting a dream of art and architecture, and to see a good friend, never in his adult imagination how much of a child he still was. Now standing here with his newfound friends his life had expanded into a much larger family. His heart felt good inside beating a happiness that could transcend any barrier.
“Well, I think we should be getting back. So much has happened and we all need some sleep. There is so much to do,” said the professor.
David broke away from Martin wiping his eyes. “Oui professor, I could do with some rest.”
Martin’s demeanor changed as anger covered his face. “But, no David. You must come with us. You can stay with me. You should not go back with them. They cannot be trusted.”
“No harm will come to David if that’s what you’re thinking,” said the professor. “These men and their guns were only a protection after the kidnapping of Martin, and the danger that the red wolf might have caused. A last resort. I know we haven’t been totally ethical, but as you can see we are facing the unknown, and all of what has happened couldn’t be ignored.”
David smiled and said, “He is right. This is my home Martin and the professor and his,” he paused trying to think of a way to say this better, “and his companions may be of help to me. There is so much I would like to know and they may have the resources to find out. This experience has given my life purpose. Made me stronger. I can’t just give it up. Besides, I know how to get a hold of you. You are not far away.”
Martin glanced at Lucas and Eric looking for help.
“He’s right David,” Eric said quickly. “You don’t have to go back with them. Maybe it would be best after all.”
David shook his head in agreement to what Eric had said. “You may be right and I would like to, but…” Glancing back at the mystery man. “I think for now it is the best thing to do. Besides, I still have friends on the other side I can count on, oui?”
Lucas understood what David was suggesting. They were still in danger. If the three of them wanted to leave giving up David would buy their release. That didn’t mean it was okay, but they had to trust in David’s judgment. “And, what about us?” said Lucas.
“You are free to go,” said the professor. “We are not going to hold you at gun point. I told you we never wanted trouble.
“But, what about the men who kidnapped me?” asked Martin? “What if they come back? It isn’t safe here. Do you really have David’s best interest in your plans? I find it hard to believe.”
The mystery man who was standing in the shadows moved closer. “I wouldn’t worry about them. Just a bad choice on my part. Let’s just call the people we hired unforeseen entrepreneurs. Besides, David is right. I can be of help to sort all this out. I have resources that I can use as long as everyone keeps quiet.”
Lucas took that as a threat and looked at Martin whose face grew pale. His eyes penetrated the mystery man with such hatred for a moment he thought he would transform into the gray wolf and tear the guy’s throat out. Lucas didn’t fully understand the connection Martin and David had with the wolves, but had seen enough not to underestimate the possibility that at any time this could happen.
David took Martin’s hand. “It’s okay mon amie,” said David. “You know it is.”
Martin smiled his expression returning to normal. “Okay, David, but call me in the morning.”
David hugged Martin and whispered, “Don’t worry. I always have a plan.” Letting go he looked over at Lucas and winked.

Chapter Sixteen
Cher Journal,
The night of the full moon lived up to its historical expectation. My beloved Eric, and I, and our newly found friend Martin survived a night I can hardly describe. Someday, I will write about an adventure into a world of ancient beliefs with modern interpretations, intertwined amid the mysteries and secrets of a city called Paris.
We have become a part of a strange brotherhood that might have existed for a millennium, starting with the builders of the great megalithic structures found all over the world. A brotherhood with intelligent wolves in search of the same answers as to who these builders might be and how we are connected. Perhaps deep in the male psyche we can find this connection with our new friends, our wolf friends. They have accepted us as one of their own, members of a pack where working together we delivered two lost souls searching for their own truth.
Against our objections David went with the professor, Emma, and the mystery man back to his experimental life. We stayed at Martin’s beautiful home last night too tired to go back to the hotel.
Martin was gone all morning. I guess he went back to the place to find David. Now, we sit in the park across the street finishing up lunch—at Martin’s suggestion. Which makes me believe he is up to something. Eric is drawing Martin, and I poised on a blanket listening to the young Frenchman’s playlist.
Lucas stopped writing in his journal and reviewed the first page. It seemed crazy and a little vague. Well, he could always rewrite it getting used to tearing out pages. The song that played was one he liked and was surprised Martin had it in his collection, which brought him back to the question of what now?
“Blue-gray eyes?” asked Lucas. “Do you think David will come and get you when he finds his answers?”
Martin smiled at the reference Lucas made to the song. “Oui, I think he will.
Martin looked sad as he took another sip of wine and played with the variety of cheeses on the Limoge plate. A sign of a true artist.
“You love Eric?” asked Martin who looked at Eric hiding behind a large sketchpad.
“Yeah I do,” said Lucas.
“Do you think you will marry him? You could be married in Paris if all goes well.”
Lucas didn’t know how to answer the question. He hadn’t thought about their relationship that far. The past few days brought them together in ways he couldn’t even begin to understand. He didn’t think of himself as a smart guy, just someone who lives for today, but now that Martin mentioned it he wondered what Eric would say. He imagined never getting married. He was going to wait for just the right person. Now he found him. A dilemma; who would ask? If he did would he take that from Eric? The opportunity of a lifetime, to propose? Could he do that?
“Yes I would,” Lucas said looking over at Eric. “Why do you ask?
“It is such a beautiful day and a beautiful time, such beautiful things should happen.”
“Yeah, I guess they should,” said Lucas. “Okay, so what’s going on? You went to see David this morning?”
“I did. The place is some kind of halfway house I think you call it. The receptionist wouldn’t give me any information about the patients only commenting on some vandals that may have broken in last night. She didn’t sound too happy. The place was busy. Everyone had been away for a while, and on their return found all the beds slept in, like the big bad bears.”
Lucas poured the rest of the wine into his glass. “You didn’t find out anything?”
“I went across the street to the meadow and found this attached to the stone.” He removed a piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to Lucas.
It was a picture of a map with the circle drawn and the words, Gateway to the Gods.
“Peru?” Lucas said studying the map as if for answers.
“Yes, Peru. That is where they are going. And, it is where I am going too.” Martin took the map and stared at it the same way Lucas did, in hope of answers.
“I looked it up on the internet. It is reputed to be a gateway to the stars. I would think a good place to start, huh?”
“You’re going to Peru? That’s a long way to go Martin. I don’t know if that’s a good idea. I mean the professor is not to be trusted. It’ll be dangerous.”
Martin folded the paper back up and put it into his pocket took Lucas by the hand noticing Eric peeking over his sketch pad. “I have too. I mean I can’t let him go alone. I would like to find answers and maybe see are friends again. There’s so much to learn. While I was on the other side, I mean the other world, a wondrous thing happened. A moon rose on the horizon similar to ours. I studied the trees, and meadow; the whole place was very earth-like. I would like to go back and learn more about the planet and the culture of the wolves.”
“What do you think about the wolves? You’ve spent more time with them. What are they? Asked Lucas.
“More came to the circle of stone. It was an odd experience. Not knowing too much about wolves I would say they seem very much like us. More human than an animal. A strange thing took place though. Some brought branches with blue flowers, and colored stones to the edge of the circle. Like an offering, or tribute, I don’t know. It made me think they thought the stone circle and arch to be a holy place. It was almost like a religious experience. An event of enormous magnitude. The sound coming from the meadow was reminiscent of a chant. Low and rhythmic. It was a bit scary, but I was too amazed to be frightened.”
“What of the circle? Did it change in any way?
“It continued to be animated with its ghostly aura of light until the guardians joined you and Eric. How it drew energy and from where—now that is something I would like to find out. The wolves have the capability to draw energy from their world. It gives them supernatural abilities. They are not as nimble as humans. They have paws instead of hands. I think they may use this ability to build. Move objects with the mind. I have not seen it, but I believe where we were wasn’t the center of their circle.”
Lucas reached into his pocket and pulled out the pendant the wolf gave him. “I almost forgot. The gray wolf, whom I like to call Jasper, gave me this to give to you.”
Martin sat up and took the serpentine crystal from Lucas’s hands. “What is this?”
“Well, from what I can tell it’s what the gray wolf used to open the portal. I don’t know how, or if it could be of any use, but it’s yours. Maybe you can figure it out. And, I suppose it will help to open that gateway of the gods.”
Martin took the pendant twirled it with his fingers as a serious expression came over his face. One of worry.
“What of your father? Will he let you go?” asked Lucas.
Martin thought a moment and cheered up. “I’ll tell him I want to be an archeologist, and this would be a couple day trip that would be part of my education. My parents love to travel; they encourage me sometimes, I think. Perhaps I can get him to come with me.”
“I suppose you want us to go, don’t you?”
“It would be easier if I had two grown men go with me.”
“You’re not a kid Martin, and yeah, I’d like to go with you, and I think Eric would too. I don’t see any harm in taking a look. If David is leading us there, I suppose we should help him in any way we can. That’s the real reason you want to go.”
“I do worry about David. You’re right in saying the professor and his friends can’t be trusted. I don’t know about Emma. I think David likes her. He left the little paper on the stone for me to find. To make the decision for myself. He likes the drama does he not?”
“Yeah,” chuckled Lucas. “I wouldn’t think too           	 much of all of this Martin. It is a beautiful day and what we just experienced for me is almost a blur. Small steps we should take.
Martin smiled and put the crystal in his pocket as he pressed a button on the mp3. A song filled the air one that perked up Lucas’s ears, the Saint Ile Louise.
Lucas got up and went to sit next to Eric taking a look at the drawing. With the music playing he couldn’t help study Eric instead. “We haven’t spent much time together these past couple of days. So much has happened.”
Eric stopped drawing taking a deep breath. “Do you remember this song? That night by the carousel?”
“Yeah that was sweet. Except for the kidnapping part, no I didn’t find that sweet.”
“Martin wants us to go to Peru with him.”
Eric continued shading in the picture concentrating on the trees and grass. “I heard. I have very good hearing now it seems. You want to go?”
“Well, I’ll have to tell my father, and then there’s the money, and the danger, of course, but I can’t let him go alone. Besides, I’d like to know more myself about these ancient monoliths.”
Eric put down his pencil and turned the page over. Two figures with top hat and a suit and tie where standing on a wedding cake with words written below, would you really marry me?
Lucas smiled, paused a moment and said, “You heard that did you?”
“Oui,” said Eric adding a few lines to the shoes on one of the figures.
“Yes, I would Eric. Somehow I feel we already are. I can’t imagine the adventure of experiencing life without you.”
Eric stopped drawing and looked into Lucas’s eyes. “Neither can I.”
“Martin says we can get married in Paris. I think they accept it now, but there’s a whole entourage of people to think about. Maybe someone wrote a manual on the proper etiquette of a gay wedding.”
Eric laughed and reached over into the small bag of pencils and handed Lucas a gift wrapped in a dark, blue paper covered with a small fleur-de-lis. It was one of those special gifts. A spur-of-the-moment love gift. He unwrapped it excited to find it to be an exacto knife. Lucas grinned.
“For your journal, so you can remove your pages without tearing the book apart.”
“Thanks Eric.” He leaned over to kiss him when a dark shadow loomed over the sketchpad. It was Martin.
“So we are going to Peru and you two are getting married?” Martin grinned from ear to ear as if somehow that would make the answer yes.
“Yes, Martin on both accounts,” said Lucas.
“Oh mon dieu I have to tell my father. You guys will stay and help me with asking him about our trip. You must. Asking with me, it would soften the blow. And, I’ll tell him about you two. I think that would really distract from the shock of the trip.”
“Glad we can help,” said Lucas and Eric in one amused voice.
Eric took the basket from Martin so he could stop dragging the blanket on the ground while they crossed the street to his house. Lucas looked back at the bench where his life had changed forever. The small park was a tiny rectangle in-between the busy Parisian traffic. He imagined returning here when they were old and gray feeling just as young and in love as they are now. The mid-afternoon sun was shining through the trees casting shadows to dance with patches of light on the grass. Like in a painting by Renoir. He almost started to cry. Damn, he was so happy.

Chapter Seventeen
Evening;
Martin’s father remained quiet while Martin explained why he wanted to go to Peru. He pointed out that whatever school he decided to go to it would be away from home making the statement that archeology was a profession not relegated to the classroom. It would be a good test to see if he would like digging around old ruins. I couldn’t help feeling like an idiot the way we had to keep the truth from everyone. There is still a danger, but I know Martin would go it alone, and that was something I couldn’t let happen. Eric and I didn’t say much. We only tried to sound as excited and enthusiastic as Martin. His father agreed, but he would have to ask Martin’s mother. She may not agree. Still, he thought her life involves so much travel she probably would think nothing of it. So for now off we go to Peru. Now comes the part I’ve been worried about. Telling my father about my relationship with Eric. It makes me nervous. Why that is I don’t know. I guess it’s because we’re serious. Marriage and all that. Which I won’t tell him about. At least not yet as it would be too much of a shock. I just couldn’t do that, so wish me luck.
“Hey Eric.” Who was slumped in a chair reading. “Are you going to tell your parents about our little side trip?”
“No my husband,” his face hidden behind the cover of a giant spaceship.
Lucas heard a sigh. “I guess I should, but I don’t think they would really care too much.”
“Would you tell them about us? I’m going to call dad and tell him. I wondered what your parents would think.”
Eric put the book down, stared blankly. “They told me.”
“What?” asked Lucas?
“You know how my parents are, how eccentric—modern.” Lucas watched as he put the book down and sat up, arms on the side of the chair. “When I was younger, they talked about sex with me and explained, to my embarrassment, about men and women. I told them I knew from school, but they said if I had any questions all I need do is ask. Of course I didn’t. But, they went on to tell me if it turned out I liked men, that was okay, confiding during their youth they did some experimentation of their own.” Eric smiled. “I was glad that conversation was over. They wouldn’t be surprised.” Brushing his hands through his hair he looked at Lucas. “But, for you my love; I’ll write them a letter. They like letters. I wrote them when we were in Versailles. They’ll be expecting another one. To tell you the truth I can hardly wait. Now that I think on it that would make me happy to tell them about us.”
Lucas a bit confused at Eric’s statement frowned as he picked up the phone. His heart beat fast as butterflies in the stomach added to the angst. He didn’t know what made him more nervous, telling his parents he was gay, and that he had fallen in love with Eric, or that they decided to go off to South America. Either way he felt a tremendous guilt having to put them through his life-changing experiences.
As the phone rang, he wondered if he seemed a bit of a coward wanting to break this news over the phone and not face to face. His decision was based on what had happened the past few days. If their adventure didn’t work out, he would want his parents to know being with Eric was something more than special. And that he died happy. That sounded morbid when he thought about it, but it was the truth.
The voice on the other end was deep and familiar. It was his father. He hoped it would be his mother, but didn’t really know why. He loved his father, and he’d grown up having fun going places, listening carefully to all the things he taught him.
“Dad it’s Lucas,” he said cheerfully trying to get the worry out of his voice. “I’m having a great time. Paris is really cool. I think you and mom would love it.” 
There was silence for a while when his dad said, “Well, that’s great Lucas, but I can’t help get the feeling you didn’t call just to tell me that. Do you need money? Just use your card I’ll help you sort it out later.”
This was getting worse. Anxiety grew, as Lucas just didn’t know what to say. Eric listened with a hopeless expression.
“Well, there are a few things I’d like to tell you, I know it’s over the phone, but I felt it couldn’t wait.” Lucas paused to gather his nerve. “It’s about me and Eric. I, well, I’ve fallen in love with him.” Lucas rolled his eyes and thought how stupid that actually sounded as a way to break this ice.
“I mean a lot has happened to me over the past few days and, well I?” Lucas broke off, a loss for words. “Its just I’ve discovered things about myself that I never really admitted—it’s just that I love Eric.” He stopped breathing, as the whole world seemed to slow down.
“When you were a teenager, I used to watch you with your friends, and I was glad that you were well and doing things teenagers do.”
Lucas listened intently to every word as if his whole life hung in the balance.
“But, there seemed to be something in the way you felt sometimes that I couldn’t help notice. A sort of sadness. I put it down to being a teenager, just growing up. As you got older and went off to college, and met Eric, I noticed that sadness seem to go away. You two spent a lot of time together and you seemed happy.” His father stopped talking for a while then said, “Well, I guess what I’m trying to say is that I like Eric, and you couldn’t have picked a better man to be with.”
Lucas choked up as he put his head down holding back tears. Eric got up quickly and sat next to him on the bed took his hand putting his forehead on Lucas’s shoulder as he held his hand. “Lucas?” asked his father. “You still there? You okay?”
Lucas swallowed hard and said, “Yeah, I’m okay. Thanks dad. I just didn’t know…” 
His father interrupted. “Hey Lucas this is your dad. I hope you didn’t think I would be mad or something? Look I know this must have been hard for you. I mean you called from half way across the world just to tell me, it means a lot. Don’t worry about it just come home safely and tell Eric I said hi. We’ll talk more when you get back. Okay?”
Lucas almost started to say his goodbyes and hang up when he remembered. “Oh, wait there is something else. Eric and I are going to fly to Peru for a couple days before we go home. Just so you know. I’ll call you when we get there. There was a loud what on the other end which made Eric jump.
“Peru?” his father shouted, “what the hell would you want to go to Peru for? Really?” Lucas composed himself as he tried to collect his thoughts and come up with some explanation. He felt uneasy and thought he shouldn’t have brought it up. “It’s something we both want to do, and well we had an opportunity to go. It’s just for a couple of days and then back to the states. Just another part of the trip.”
His father gave a sigh, “Don’t you need shots for that or something? You should check into that. Sometimes it could take weeks before you could go.”
Lucas hadn’t thought about that. He couldn’t tell his father everything that happened although he wanted to, but how.
“And, what about money,” said his father.
“Ah, Eric is paying for it. It’s just that I don’t know when I would get another chance, you know traveling. I just don’t want you to worry, and I wanted to let you know.” Lucas waited for an answer.
His father started to laugh a little and said, “You’re becoming quite the adventurer, huh? I don’t mean to sound surprised I just thought that would be the last place you’d want to go. You be careful. Some of those places could be bad. I don’t want you to get kidnapped. You know your mother will want all the details.”
“Tell her I’ll be okay, and not to worry. I’ll call again before I leave.”
“Just call when you get there. Tell us where you are, hotel and phone numbers.”
“Dad what do you think mom will say about me and Eric?
“She’ll probably be jealous she always thought he was handsome.”
“Dad!”
“Okay, okay sorry didn’t mean to joke. She’ll be concerned about the extra trip, but about you and Eric as long as your happy. Your mother and I will be fine with any decisions you two make. Uh, hey is Eric coming back with you?”
Lucas thought for a moment. He hadn’t really planned that far ahead. “Yeah, uh, yeah I guess so,” looking at Eric.
“Good. We’ll have a little celebration for the two of you when you get back. And, bring your mother and I some good souvenirs. Little Eiffel towers or better yet some statues from Peru.”
“Yeah, sure dad. And dad. Thanks.” I love you son were the last words Lucas heard before he hung up.
Eric waited for Lucas to talk.
“He wants to have a party,” said Lucas.
“A party?”
“You know what he said. He said I couldn’t have picked a better man.”
Eric held his head down and for the first time Lucas saw Eric cry. Tears rolled down his cheeks. Lucas hadn’t thought about how Eric felt. How hard it must have been for him all these revelations.
Eric fell back on the bed and said, “Oh mon dieu why do some things have to be so fucking hard sometimes, huh?”
Lucas lay back next to him and realized they were still holding hands.
“I guess we just make them that way for ourselves,” said Lucas.
They both stared at the ceiling when Lucas shouted. “Shots. Do we have to get shots?”
Eric was silent and then said in his sexy French voice, “Je ne sais pas. We’ll have to find out I guess? We’ll ask Martin, he should know. His father should know maybe.”
Eric and Lucas lay there for a while all kind of thoughts going through Lucas’s mind. Still not knowing how his father felt. Then he remembered all the times he was there for him. It all came back the caring and concern perhaps preparing them both for this moment. For the time he needed him the most.
The ceiling stared down at the two men looking back up. It thought how times had changed. The things it hadn’t seen. It was glad that they were together again. It liked watching and listening to their conversations, and of course their lovemaking. It would miss them. Most people that came to the little room were quite boring. Decade after decade doing the same old thing. Sometimes it liked being alone though, especially when people seemed unhappy and argued over small things. Like forgetting to pack an item they could well do without. But, then what would life be without all the little drama. It hoped they would come back—these two. Yes, it would like that. Until then, bon chance!

Chapter Eighteen
Cher Journal,
Eric, Martin, and I continue the long flight to Peru. Shots are not required unless we venture into the jungles. Which is good because we could leave right away. Not so good in case we have to venture into the jungle. We checked out of our little room by the Louvre, and spent the last few nights at Martin’s home. I can’t help feel a bit sentimental it being the place where our romance began. Love was always there we just needed a little kick in the ass by an unusual hairy cupid. Martin’s mother took some convincing, but who could refuse Martin with his blue eyes, dark curly hair, and bright personality. The place we go to is in southern Peru in the mountain region of Hayu Marca. A stone structure legend has it as the gateway to the lands of the gods. I have my doubts looking at pictures of it, but after the experience with stone structures in Paris I’ve learned that the wonders of life can be hidden in the most obscure and unusual things. I’d like to see our wolf friends again. Go to their world. What an adventure!
Lucas and Eric bored without not being able to use their cell phones, at Eric’s suggestion started to play hangman—Eric always wanting to add an extra appendage. Looking up from what he drew Lucas glanced over at Martin wondering what the future would bring. Maybe they could find answers in the land of the Incas. If not he didn’t know what he could do to help. His fondness for Martin grew the more he got to know him and was touched that he was the first person to accept Lucas and Eric’s love for one another. Lucas was glad that he had come along knowing how difficult it must have been to trust two people that he barely knew. Looking down at the paper he took the pencil from Eric’s hand, and drew another picture of a hung man in front of Eric’s, drawing a huge heart around them both.
Martin listened to the music from his favorite Latin singer glad his companions were happy. He looked out of the window of the plane at the cliffs along the coastline, and how they seemed to rise out of the sea. A beautiful beginning to a new journey. He didn’t quite know why he was here, but felt protected by his new friends, and for the first time since all this happened felt strong and confident. With his feet tapping to the music he smiled, laid his head back, closed his eyes, and thought he might as well enjoy the ride.

The End
