


Leah Fulcher
by
Jeffrey Anderson


Copyright 2019 by Jeffrey Anderson
Smashwords Edition

This story is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Though this e-book is being distributed for free, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reprinted or reproduced without the permission of the author. If you like this book, please encourage your friends to download a copy at Smashwords.





There was a time when meadow, grove, and stream,
The earth and every common sight,
To me did seem
Appareled in celestial light.

from: “Intimations of Immortality”
by William Wordsworth




Leah Fulcher

The phone rang in the dark. This couldn’t be good.
Since given her hearing (that’s how she always thought of it—as a gift), the phone’s ring was the one sound her brain never learned to calm. It still sent jolts through her body that went to her toes. The new jingles on the cellphones were gentler; but she never found them real, thought their sound and whatever words that followed ephemeral, the mist of dreams. In any case this was the house phone, anchored by a landline, an old brown corded model carted up here from Atlanta in the SMALL APPLIANCES box. It possessed only one ring in two volumes—loud and louder. And this had to be the louder setting, leftover from when it had been on the white wicker table on the sun porch at the other house. She’d have to remember to change the setting tomorrow. She reached out in the dark and found the phone with her left hand. She brought the receiver to her ear on that side, the one where she’d left the processor attached and switched on.
“Hello,” she said, her voice somehow clear and awake.
“Mom!”
Leah sighed. But of course—who else could it have been? Whitfield? Mama? No, never at this hour. Only Jasper, and he in England, five hours ahead so that she might forgive him the rudeness though she’d have forgiven him anyway, had been since the start of his time. “Dear.”
“She left.” Though only two syllables, the second one cracked. The sound cut her deep.
Leah heard herself say, “Who?”—her second choice of responses. Her first was I know—because she did know, had known from the start that Lauren Hunter would leave her son with his heart shattered into little pieces. But how could she tell him that then? And now it was too late to warn. This was the price of love—his, hers.
“Lauren, Mom. Lauren left!” He was shouting through his tears, shouting all the way from England.
“I know.”
“How could you know?”
Were this a sincere question, it would take her years to answer, a lifetime’s learning. Could she ever answer it? She didn’t know. But if her son were willing to listen, she would try. But it wasn’t a sincere question. Jasper couldn’t listen now, not to her advice or anyone’s. He was twenty-two. “I meant that I understand what you said, that it was Lauren.”
“She left!”
“I know.”

After she set the receiver back in its cradle, she didn’t try to go back to sleep. The first hints of dawn were pushing in around the bedroom’s honeycombed blinds. She rose, took the silk robe from where it was draped across the back of the chair, and pulled it over her shoulders, over the yellow seersucker pajamas. She abandoned her slippers, down there in the dark shadows beside the bed. She walked barefoot across the soft carpet and onto the cool and smooth hardwood floors, down the hallway and into the kitchen. She skipped the light switch. Her eyes had adjusted to the pale early light. She placed a mocha latte pod in the single-serving coffee dispenser, slid a pottery mug under the neck, and pushed the power button. She waited almost rapt for the familiar sound of the water rising to a boil, the bubbling through the flavored grounds like an animal breathing, then trickling down into the mug (and you know what that sounded like), the predictable sequence ending slowly with a gurgling like dying.
At that sound, its cessation, she switched off the one processor she’d kept on since last night. She always had her left processor—magnetically attached to the cochlear transmitter implanted on the left side of her skull, just behind the ear, one of two such devices, for each ear deaf since birth, surgically implanted sixteen years ago—switched on whenever she slept alone, which was almost all the time now that they’d bought this cottage and she’d moved up here to live by herself with Whitfield staying in Atlanta and coming up one or two weekends a month. Even though it was uncomfortable sleeping with a processor stuck to her skull, Whitfield insisted and she obeyed—“for her safety” that she might hear a smoke detector’s shriek or a police officer’s knock, or the ring of the phone carrying urgent news. But right now she was weary of sound, worn down by its weight. She returned to the world she’d occupied for her first forty-two years, a world unencumbered by audio impulses to the brain.
She took her coffee and walked out onto the screened porch overlooking the eighth fairway. The coarse wood decking prickled her feet, a feeling that was somehow reassuring in its intensity. She sat on one of the chairs arrayed around the table, their brightly colored floral cushions muted to grays and beiges in the dim light. The cushion was spongy and soft, the metal arms cool and damp with dew. The air, even here inside the screens, was laden with the forward-leaning, life-embracing wildness of a world caught up in summer’s rush toward growth and reproduction, toward the storing up of food for the winter or the propagation of genetic material for future generations. Leah thought the word fetid but knew that wasn’t quite right. Fecund would be better but missed the indwelling earthiness and stillness of fog that embraced her. It wasn’t entirely pleasant or comfortable, but the emergence of life from simple elements crushed together rarely was peaceful or easy to witness or perform. There’d been a time when she’d not only happily observed this riot but easily lived within its sway. What had happened to that Leah? Where had she gone?
She looked past the dark trunks of tall pines standing like soldiers just outside the porch. Beyond the gently undulating fairway marked by varying heights of tailored grass—a strip of tall rough, then short rough, then the wide groomed fairway, then low rough again, then high—to clusters of azaleas long past their bloom gathered around tall pines like schoolchildren huddled around their teacher. And low diaphanous ribbons of mist threaded their way through these clumps, banded them to themselves and each to another. There was order in this dreamlike picture. And there was life.
To the east, dawn slowly approached.

Though she entered the small anteroom directly from a gusty downpour, the young woman showed none of the expected signs of being chased by nature or inconvenienced in the least. She pushed the heavy oak door shut, leaning her whole body against a burst of wind till the iron latch settled into its hook. She stepped aside to give clear passage to any additional visitors out of the storm then pulled back the hood of her dark blue wool-lined windbreaker. There were streaks of water running over her fair-skinned cheeks but her golden hair was dry, seemed to absorb all the light in the dim room then give it back twice fold. She unzipped the coat and slid it off, shook it gently twice over the brick floor before hanging it on a peg beside several other oilskin slickers and raincoats. She slipped off the large backpack she carried and set it on the floor below her coat. She was dressed in hiking boots, jeans, and a thick gray sweater with a cowl neck. Her boots and jeans were wet below the knee, but the rest of her appeared dry and neatly composed given the sudden squall she’d just endured.
She gazed around the large open room that spread forth from where she stood. Like the anteroom, it had an uneven brick floor. It was low ceilinged with rough beams carrying the floor above, and dark with only two small soiled windows to either side of the entry. The remains of a fire smoldered in the large stone fireplace at one end of the room, the embers flaring bright when she opened the door only to settle back into their somnolent simmer after the door closed. There were benches, wooden chairs, and a few small tables scattered randomly around the room. They were all empty this late in the morning—all of last night’s roomers long since departed, today’s tenants not yet arrived.
The only person in the room was an elderly woman with her gray hair pulled tight to her skull and tied up in a bun at the nape of her neck. She sat behind a long table centered on the back wall of the room, a newspaper spread out before her. But she wasn’t looking at the paper. At the moment she was staring with unabashed curiosity at the new visitor. The girl was clearly American, yet she lacked either the bold swagger or the feigned reticence typical of that nationality. She moved with a grace and composure that was unusual not only for a Yank but for anyone, based on her many years of careful observation running this boarding house with her husband. The woman wondered if there were an adoring boyfriend or doting father about to burst through the door after parking the car down the street. That would explain part of the girl’s self-possession. But if so, why did she seem so free, so unencumbered by the world and its myriad obstacles?
The young woman caught her staring and returned the gaze with a nod and a smile. She checked around her to be sure she’d left the anteroom in its former order then walked across the room with an easy and focused confidence.
The woman stood and said, “Good morning, dear. How can I help you?”
The girl nodded thanks then extended her hand. It held a three by five index card. The woman took the card and read its handwritten message. My name is Leah Fulcher. I am deaf but can read lips. Please speak slowly and to my eyes. Thank you. The woman glanced up from the card with the typical mix of surprise and confusion and something between fear and pity. Many times strangers would simply turn from Leah and walk away, still holding the card, incapable of processing the information or the request.
But the elderly woman’s profession and maternal benevolence blocked such rudeness. She quickly regained her composure and followed the written guidelines. “Welcome to Eagle’s Nest. My name is Mary, owner of the inn. Would you like a room?”
Leah smiled and nodded. She held up two fingers.
“Two people?”
Leah shook her head then took the card from the woman and wrote on the back—two nights, one person.
Mary nodded. “All our rooms are double occupancy. If we are full, you will have a roommate.”
Leah nodded understanding. She was used to sharing a room.
The woman hesitated then said, “There’s a small room next to ours.”
Leah gently lifted Mary’s chin so that her lips were facing forward, not down.
Mary blushed. “Sorry.” She repeated, “There is a single next to our apartment. My daughter used to stay there but not now. You can have that if you like.”
Leah noted an ever slight wince in the old woman’s eyes at mention of her daughter. She would have been happy to stay in a shared room but accepted Mary’s kind offer with an enthusiastic nod.
“I will have to get the maid to freshen the sheets and put out towels. You can use our bath.”
Leah nodded then pointed toward a bench in front of one of the windows. She’d wait there.
“Just be a few minutes,” Mary said. She turned to find the maid.
Leah brushed her hand to pause her. She looked back. On the card, Leah had written Thank you for your kindness.
Mary felt a lump rise in her throat; she couldn’t imagine why. She managed a minimal affirmation of the message then turned and headed up the stairs that opened in the wall beyond the table.
Leah collected her backpack from the anteroom before sitting at the bench. She’d intended to pull out her paperback copy of Wordsworth’s The Prelude. She’d finished “Book One” last night and was anxious to start the next section. But before retrieving the volume, she glanced out the window and lost herself in a remarkable mix of images and impressions. In the foreground beyond the glass, large drops of rain slanted steeply to the right, propelled by a howling gust of wind. These sideways drops sparkled each as huge diamonds in the brilliant light of the sun that appeared from between two massive dark clouds that parted above the slate roofs of the shops and houses across the narrow lane. Shadowed figures scurried before the shopfronts like specters in the dream being displayed. Suddenly the scene went dark, and the haze on the window or of the glass reflected back Leah’s startled gaze. She smiled at her face then reached out and ran a finger over the nose and lips on the glass. So intense was the vision that she felt that finger coursing over her actual skin, laying there a trail of memory, of feeling quite beyond anything that real touch might have produced.
Her finger paused at her reflected lips; and she wondered for just an instant what it would be like to speak, to tell aloud of this vision. There had been a time, years ago, when she often wondered what it might be like to speak actual words that could be understood, not the guttural noises she used to make that caused anyone within hearing to shudder and wince (she’d long since ceased such expression, would now not even cry out in pain or surprise, had trained herself to stamp her foot or clap her hands when in need of immediate help or attention). But just now, for the briefest of moments, she wished she could speak to describe what she had witnessed—diamonds falling from the sky to collect around ghosts too harried to see the riches accumulating at their feet.
The sun reappeared and her reflection vanished. Her finger still pressed against the glass but now produced a quite different sensation. Gone was the touch to her lips. Now she felt the cool glass that was almost but not quite smooth, embedded by microscopic bubbles of air frozen in time and space at the instant of the liquid sand’s transitioning to a solid decades or perhaps centuries previous. Did those tiny air pockets somehow hold locked within the memory of the world that fashioned them, of the apprentice or the master craftsman staring down as the liquid cooled. And if they held that picture locked within, what would it look like? Who would it see? Leah not so much thought this as felt it, all in an instant, carried by the nerve impulses transmitted from finger to brain, vivid beyond normal touch.
Then this too disappeared, replaced by the sight that suddenly formed beyond her hand of a brilliant rainbow arced across the dark clouds west, moving like the boxcars of a trudging freight train headed south above the churning whitecaps of the invisible Irish Sea, oblivious to the proximity of the vibrant colored arc.
And just as quickly, Leah’s hand still paused on the glass was covered by another hand, this one of long, fine fingers but the skin dappled by the liver spots of old age. Mary, wishing to alert her first tenant of the day that her room was ready, had been momentarily perplexed about how to get a deaf girl’s attention without frightening her. She’d settled on laying her hand gently atop the one splayed on the glass.
And Leah wasn’t startled. Instead, it seemed her hand had been awaiting that touch for a long, long time, a lifetime perhaps—the warmth and softness and almost ethereal brush. Beneath her consciousness, her skin’s memory recalled her older sister Brooke spending many hours in their childhood treating Leah to the idle pastime they called “tickle flesh,” where Brooke would touch Leah’s fingers, hand, and wrist so lightly it seemed of another world, an angelic visitor or heavenly messenger. But if so, what was the message?
This day, the message was Mary’s smiling face followed by the tilt of her head in the direction of the hallway that led to the residence quarters at the back of the building. Leah thought to reach for her backpack laying at her feet then go gather up her coat, hopefully somewhat drier but probably not. But before acting on this intent, she left her hand on the glass, beneath Mary’s another heartbeat or two. And in that pause, she recalled the rainbow beyond her hand and the glass. She looked up at Mary, smiled, and thrust her chin toward the world outside.
Mary looked then laughed like a child. “You must go look for the pot of gold,” she said.
Leah couldn’t read her lips sideways and from below, but somehow she understood the message. That was her whole purpose here, after all—in a manner of speaking, or feeling.

When she roused the cup cradled in her hands was cool. The sun had risen behind the house and its rays angled steeply through the pines, fighting with the lingering mist for preeminence, ownership of the earth. At the moment, a stalemate entailed. But there was no question which would win this battle. It was bound to be another stifling day.
Leah leaned forward in her seat and set the cup on the table. She rubbed her hands over her eyes and cheeks and back through her hair that was graying above the temples but still mostly her lifelong gold. Her left hand brushed the processor and she recalled she’d turned it off. She left it so, still not ready for sound, even the soft bird calls and gentle squirrel chatter of early morn. She set her hands in her lap. The cotton of her pajamas was damp, more absorbent of the vapor than her skin or robe. How can life attach itself to cloth but not to me? A wren landed on the bench beside the fairway. It rose on its toes and sent forth a call that might have been either melodious or shrill. It settled back, twitched its wings, turned its head, rose again to send forth more sound. A second wren landed on the bench back, flitted about the first in what might have been a scolding or a reassurance but probably was neither, most likely was an action or a language incomprehensible to human understanding. But the birds’ sharing, whatever its nature, affected Leah. She felt at home with them, knew their life in a way she no longer knew her own. The wrens—both together—disappeared in an unsettling instant. A downy woodpecker appeared on a nearby pine trunk, scampered upside-down up then back down again, circling the wide trunk in its march—appearing, disappearing, appearing again. From a higher limb, a squirrel dropped a pine cone.
“Leah!”
She jerked herself out of her daze, straightened in the chair. Had she accidentally turned on her processor? 
“Where have you been?”
She looked quickly around herself, to the outside of the porch then behind to the house. The doors to the kitchen were closed, and there was no one visible beyond the screened walls of the porch.
Then she recognized the voice and realized she’d not inadvertently switched on her one processor. This voice didn’t come from anywhere proximate.
Brooke laughed. “Didn’t recognize your only sister’s voice, huh? Then again, for the longest time I didn’t have a voice, not for you. Would you rather I signed?” She laughed again.
Her sister Brooke, two years her senior, had been dead almost three years. They’d been inseparable as children, with Brooke charged with taking care of her deaf little sister and Leah charged with watching over the impulsive and rebellious Brooke. Then they’d drifted apart in adulthood, each directed toward spouses and children, only to renew their closeness as Brooke battled pancreatic cancer. By then Leah had her hearing, and heard her sister’s insistent but surprisingly soothing voice just fine. Yet in the end most of what they shared was unspoken. How could it be otherwise?
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” Brooke said. “Don’t laugh—it’s true! You don’t get to do all the thinking for us! And what I’ve been thinking is you and I should get away, go somewhere—just the two of us. The kids are grown. Whitfield’s got his houses, Dave his clinics. If they get lonely, they can have their own outing—play eighteen holes, drink some beers, grill a steak: whatever it is guys do when they’re too old to chase tail anymore.” She chuckled to herself, imagining her husband and brother-in-law—one with an arrhythmic heart, the other with bad knees—in slow-motion, gasping pursuit of a couple of high-spirited girls, one with brown hair, the other with blonde. “They’ll figure it out. You and me got to get away, girl! It’s been forever!”
Leah saw clearly her hands holding the urn out over the swirling ocean inlet, glancing once at Brooke’s daughters Jodie and Penni—Jodie beside her partner, Penni holding her infant daughter—before looking back toward the water and inverting the urn and watching her sister carried into oblivion on the wind and ocean chop.
“What do you say? Just the two of us on an adventure, like the old days.”
Leah exhaled slowly, closed her eyes, let the tears fall where they may, splashing on her wrists and forearms, burning hot.

Mary led Leah down a long hall and through an interior doorway into a simple and small one-family residence. To the right was a sizable kitchen with long wide counters and a heavy butcher-block table in the middle; and to the left was a modest family room with a couch, a recliner, and a small TV with a rabbit-ear antenna. Beyond these open rooms was another hallway. Mary pointed to a closed door to the left, then turned and said, “Ours.” After a pause, she added, “Me and Hank’s.” To the right was an open door. Mary switched on the light to reveal a small bathroom with a stand-up shower and a wrap-around curtain. “You will share this with us,” she said, facing Leah. “We’re out by six in the morning and down by nine at night. The rest of the time it’s yours.”
Leah nodded but shrugged deferentially, to indicate that she wouldn’t need the bathroom much.
Mary laughed. “You are not my daughter, that’s sure.” She moved on down the hall to the last door on the right. It opened into a small room with a twin mattress on a metal-spring frame and a dresser on one wall and a table little larger than a portable writing desk with a ladder-back chair beside it. High on one wall was an arched leaded glass window letting in a few shafts of fresh midday sun.
Leah looked past Mary at the cozy space and nodded enthusiastically.
Mary smiled and stepped aside to let her tenant enter her room. 
Leah hung her still damp coat on one of the hooks behind the door, then set her backpack on the bed. From the zippered pocket at the top of the backpack, she pulled out her copy of The Prelude along with her journal book and set them in neat order on the writing table. She looked back at Mary and smiled.
“Like you’ve been here all along,” Mary said to herself, feeling again an upwelling of emotion.
Leah couldn’t read her host’s lips but saw the slight shiver cross her face. She crossed the room and touched Mary’s hand, gazing up with concern.
Mary blushed then shook off her sentimentality. She said slowly to Leah’s attentive gaze, “Make yourself at home—long as you wish.”
Leah nodded then retrieved a note card and pen from her backpack. She wrote I am honored to be your guest and grateful for your kind hospitality. She handed it to Mary.
Mary nodded and said, “You are welcome,” holding Leah’s direct stare for long seconds. Finally she broke the spell by saying, “Dinner in the common room at five.”
Leah nodded.
Mary turned to go.
Leah caught her by the wrist then asked for the card back.
Mary smiled and said, “I thought I’d keep it.”
Leah nodded, but took the card anyway. She did some quick scribbling with the card held on her open left palm. When she’d handed it back, the message was framed by a drawing of a rainbow spread out under a sun peaking from behind a dark cloud all paused over a stylized village of steep-pitched roofs and twisting lanes. At the bottom she’d added a signature in neat cursive script—Leah Fulcher.
After Mary left, Leah unpacked the rest of her backpack, setting her few changes of clothes in the tidy dresser and putting her three pens and a small stack of airmail postcards and another of notecards on the table beside the book and journal.
She sat down at the desk and settled into the tidy assemblage and wrote on the blank back of one of the postcards:
Dear Mama and Father,
I finally made it—England’s Lake Country, home of William Wordsworth and Beatrix Potter, among many others. At every corner I expect to run into either the poet with his walking stick or Jemima Puddle-Duck hustling along her brood. Everything about this place is so potent and mysterious and serene as to make such discoveries not only possible but the norm. I just read a line in The Prelude: “The simple ways in which my childhood walked . . .” There is such clarity here, of vision and perspective. Dare I call it insight into the soul? Far greater spirits than mine have said so.
The train ride up from Oxford went smoothly, through all manner of beautiful landscape. I've settled into a quaint inn and have been adopted by the establishment’s owner and hostess. As in Oxford, kind strangers are tending to my every need. Do they do that for everyone or am I just lucky? Either way, you don’t have to worry. I’m in good care.
With love,
Leah.
Leah addressed the postcard on its front side then headed out into the newly bright day to mail the card and explore the village.

The sun had risen still further, a third the way up the morning sky, and warm enough now to scatter the mist and begin evaporating the dew on the fairways and greens. The birds had finished their morning foraging in the clearings and along the edges, completed their gorging on the insects that had emerged in the darkness and the damp, and had retreated to the lush canopy of the woods and the tangled thickets of the hedgerows, to hide from the sun and the heat and the swooping hawks in the cooler but not this day cool shade. 
Leah roused from her slumber and immediately wondered at the absolute stillness, not of sound, for she still had her processor off, but of this morning paused between dawn’s awakening and noontide’s brilliance, a day and a place trapped for this instant in indecision—do I move forward, or do I hold back? The morning itself seemed locked in longing to go back, to return to the damp and fruitful dawn, the fetid secret dark. Can time itself wish to go back? If so, then why not? She reached for the mug on the table. It was long since emptied, but no matter there. She wondered at its temperature. It was neither hot nor cold this moment, seemed exactly her fingers’ heat. But what surprised her, after all these years, was that its sides, pressed outward by the potter’s fingers ages gone, were not smooth as they appeared but ever so slightly, delicately, stippled. Was it the clay or the glaze that created this effect? And why hadn’t she seen it before now? What else had she missed, her senses clouded by sound? 
She looked up to where the sun had turned the fairway into a brilliant swath, a river of white flowing westward. On the path along the far edge of this river, barely visible cloaked in shade, the pinsetter glided along in his cart, finished setting his hole on the seventh green, marked by a flagstick like an explorer’s claim, he sailed on to the eighth green’s island.
“Mom!”
Leah set the mug down, looked quickly around her. Where was the phone? When had it rung?
“Mom?”
“Darling.”
Why can’t I be deaf?
It was Jasper, yes, but not on the phone across the sea age twenty-two but in his pajamas age six sitting cross-legged with his back against the wooden headboard of his twin bed. He’d been “reading” her a story from one of his favorite childhood books, Stop That Ball!—that is, he’d been signing the words as she listened from her seat on the edge of the bed with loving and proud attention. When he was under a year old, as he’d begun to talk, she’d begun to teach him to sign. And now he was the best signer she knew, did it naturally and without thinking—always to her and sometimes to those who heard fine. Lately with a sassy independence common for his age, when a hearing person would politely ask him to speak rather than sign, he’d politely respond, in both sign and spoken words, “Why don’t you learn to sign?”
But now on his bed and paused in the middle of his story, he suddenly was no longer content with simply communicating with her soundless world. He wanted to enter into it. Why can’t I be deaf?
Leah instantly knew the question for what it was—not a boy’s curiosity but a son’s desire to breach this final wall between him and his mother. But she elected to ignore the true depth of his question. She signed back But you can be! then extended her hands and covered his ears. Then she started moving her lips and tongue in her best imitation of a hearing person’s speaking, though she well knew she couldn’t properly duplicate these complex maneuvers without hearing the sounds those motions created. 
Jasper played along for a minute, watching her mouth as she blocked his ears. When she’d finished he frowned then repeated back what he’d “heard.” But instead of his mouth and tongue moving within the realms of his normal speaking voice, his lips spread wide and his mouth jerked and his tongue flailed about in a grotesque parody of speaking. His breaths burst against her face and his eyes seemed ready to pop out of his head. Any sounds his voice was creating had to be unintelligible and harsh. She leaned back in terror but wouldn’t remove her hands from his ears. Instead, she pressed harder against the sides of his head, strived to block out for him the clamor and discord she was witnessing. And he screamed still louder and louder, his exhalations quicker and more powerful, his face growing red under the strain.
Then she understood—he wanted her to hear him. If he couldn’t enter her world, he was going to will her into his. She dropped her hands from his ears, and with that gesture banished her guilt and anger and shame. 
And Jasper quit shouting. The vehemence and color quickly drained from his face, and he seemed very vulnerable, more vulnerable than at any time since she’d birthed him, all wet and slimy from her core. She signed, The day you were born I heard another human for the first time; and I’ve heard you every day, every minute since. There is no deafness between you and me, and there never will be. She confirmed her words by leaning forward and swallowing his small body in a long hug. And at that moment she indeed heard his sniffles and his sigh.

That night dressed in the loose gray sweatpants and a forest green long-sleeved t-shirt that did double duty as her exercise attire (should she opt for a jog) and her sleepwear, Leah sat at the small desk beneath the light of a bare bulb in the porcelain ceiling fixture. Given the place and her mood, she would have preferred a kerosene lantern for light or, better, a tallow candle in a tarnished brass holder with a handle. She’d seen several such candles and holders on the rough-hewn mantel over the fireplace and had pointed to one in query as Mary passed while collecting dinnerware from the table. “For blackouts,” she’d said. “From the war and a few times since.” She’d turned and was halfway to the kitchen before understanding Leah’s gesture as a request not an idle observation, and reminding herself of the reason behind the girl’s silence. On returning to the common room, she’d paused to more fully answer Leah’s question, speaking slowly and to her eyes. “Those candles are more keepsakes than usable light—smoke like a soot stack and gutter too quickly. Give thanks for electricity and clean light.” She added, “And if the power does go out, we have plenty of electric torches and battery-powered camp lanterns.”
So Leah sat now in that clean bulb light in her late twentieth century clothes of cotton-nylon blends holding the ballpoint tipped pen in its ridged plastic holder. She smiled to herself at the image she must have made, more of a convict in a modern cell than a nineteenth century pilgrim paused for a night’s rest at a wayside inn. She knew she was neither, or perhaps a little of both. Given her deafness, she was uniquely gifted to perceive the world around her in a degree of detail and intensity unavailable to those distracted by hearing. What everyone, including sometimes herself, labelled a handicap was also a means to greater observation and appreciation of the world around her, given the right opportunity. Six weeks in the Oxford Summer Learning Program had been a big step toward freeing her of her childhood and adolescent dependence and constraints. Now she was ready to see the world as the world, uncover the mysteries and beauties it held in plain sight—if you were willing to look.
She opened the leather-bound journal that Brooke had given her the night before she’d left for England. Fill it full of all sorts of tales! her sister had mouthed. What kind of tails? Leah had signed in response, drawing out the sign for tail into a long looping curl. Hah-hah Brooke had mimed. She was recently divorced with a two-year-old daughter and suddenly boy-crazy again. Then Leah had thanked her sister for the beautiful gift and signed I will think of you whenever I write in it.
And she did think of Brooke now, though not in loneliness or longing. She thought of how Brooke could not understand why she was here or what she was doing. Walking alone through hill and vale, village and wood, would bore her sister senseless. Where’s the pub? Where are the guys? she could hear Brooke asking. Brooke had always defended Leah, protected her and her world. But she’d never been able to enter it, understand what enticements contemplation outside of sound might have. It wasn’t that Leah didn’t like people. She loved people. But she also loved the world that surrounded people, a world that offered, even in a crowded city, as many non-human sights and insights as human revelations. Better, the non-human world did not hide these gifts, laid them out there for anyone to see and pick up. 
She turned her attention to the journal.
Wordsworth wrote: “And thus daily the common range of visual things grew dear to me!” He was writing as an adult looking back on his childhood with awe and wonder—How could I see and feel in that way, with that intensity? Where have those powers of observation gone? As a self-affirming adult and a citizen of the greatest empire the world had ever known, he implicitly and quite explicitly, in this long verse communique with his friend Samuel Taylor Coleridge, endorsed the process of maturation, of growing into and toward a greater understanding, ability, and divinely charged purpose. Yet between almost every line of “The Prelude” one can all but taste his sense of irrevocable loss, of longing for that innocence and intensity of seeing, of the visual passing directly into the soul.
The trip up here was my first time on a train. I anticipated a ride in an oversized automobile—or “motorcar” as they say on this side of the Atlantic—twisting this way and that, slowing, stopping, accelerating, cruising. But it wasn’t like a car ride at all. There was a smoothness to the movement, more like flying in a plane. But newest and strangest of all were the vibrations that came up through the floor and the seat, the soft and steady vibration punctuated by a rhythmic beat, like someone lightly tapping on my bones. For the first half hour, I was almost beside myself at this new and constant stimulus. I looked around to see if anyone else was similarly affected. But no one seemed to be noticing what I was sensing so intensely. They were standing or seated, gazing idly out the windows or reading their papers. A few were dozing. I was in the midst of the most thrilling sensation of my life and everyone else was falling asleep!
But I refused to adopt their indifference, or abandon my excitement. No, I didn’t jump up on the seat or pound the walls or clap my hands. Instead, I closed my eyes for long minutes, took those vibrations into the center of my being, visualized the source of the different sensations—the lines of synchronized steel wheels rolling over the wear-polished steel track creating the subtler hum of vibrations that moved outward and upward through the frame of the car; and the joints in the tracks jarring those wheels at regular intervals, creating the regular, staccato beats. Gradually I absorbed those vibrations, took them fully into myself, adjusted and expanded my sense of the world, such that when I opened my eyes and gazed out the window at the fields and roads and villages racing past, the vibrations were no longer separate from me and everything else but were uniform with all I was seeing, part of and magnifying that wondrous world sliding past, laying itself bare before me. The new sensation didn’t isolate me from the balance of the world I saw, at least not after my initial shock and excitement. It made that vision more vivid—like a bulb burning suddenly brighter or a child’s face on experiencing a new flavor or sound. The leaves on the trees that passed, every leaf, glowed; the cars on parallel roads floated above the asphalt; the fur of the brown cows was fluffy and soft.
After arriving in town and settling into a quaint little inn called Eagle’s Nest (does that make me an eaglet? if so, when do I fledge?), I took a tour of the village before dinner. It seems a sleepy little berg where everyone claims kin to the poet. And why not? The locals must have all been at work (but where was that?) or resting behind those signs and storefronts. The few people I passed were young American or German tourists, travelling in clusters with their guidebooks open and their generously exposed skin tan and taut. They paid no heed to this loner meandering in the midst.
But the cat sunning itself at the back of a flower box behind a wall of bright red and fragrant geraniums did crack an eye and follow my loiter. She (I felt certain the cat was female but why was that?) defined a tension between rest and flight, watching my every move through that one eye but not moving in the least. I felt I’d moved out of the lavish realm of Wordsworth and into the still lavish but strung taut world of Dickinson—the world watching me and me watching the world, both ready to jump at the slightest provocation. But jump to where?
The geraniums and the half-hid cat that was pearl gray head to tail with just a splash of white on her front paws were the eye catchers in this frozen scene—well, and me watching them; but how did I look from afar?—but on continued observation I noted that the front of the box had a fresh coat of white paint but the ends were slightly dingy, that an applied wooden molding had come lose at the top and hung at a slight angle, that there was a hole at a back corner of the box exposing dark soil and a few strands of hair-like roots, source of the life and color rising above, dazzling the eye and hiding (sort of) the cat. The world I saw—at least this one tiny corner of it—and that saw me back was made up not only of the bright and the bold but also of the subtle and the simple, all held together by something. But what, exactly?
The cat, perhaps grown bored with watching this unmoving visitor, stood up suddenly. But instead of leaping aside and bounding away, she extended her head over the tops of those flowers and tilted it to one side. And I responded to the clear invitation by rubbing her neck and scratching behind her ear. In those efforts I could feel through my fingertips a quickened rumbling in her throat and chest, the touch of purring I’ve felt a few times but never heard. Then the cat jumped from the box to a nearby steps and loped off into the shadow of the house’s entry.
Leah capped her pen and closed the journal Brooke had given her. The act of recalling and recording the day’s events had immersed her in a dense swirl of layered emotions, from thoughts of her distant sister (what was Brooke doing at this moment, four-fifteen on a Tuesday afternoon in August?) to nostalgia for the ended summer program and departed Oxford college room overlooking the ancient green where cows grazed in the summer months to the thrill of the train ride and the visit with the cat. And then she thought of Mary and the pain in her eyes every time she mentioned her daughter. The rush of all these and so many more feelings, some realized but most unconscious, might have been overwhelming to any but so young and open a heart. Wordsworth needed to write it all down as it happened, keep it close, not wait twenty years till it was too late, till the loss stained the gift.

Leah woke to the sound of something moving nearby. But on opening her eyes, she realized instantly and completely that there was no sound—not of something moving or of anything at all—and that she was locked in the soundless world of her oldest and longest memory. But if no sound, what had roused her?
Then she saw what. There was a man in a fuchsia golf shirt and lime green golf pants poking with a six iron at the tall rough at the near edge of the fairway. His head was bald on top and shiny in the mid-morning sun, but he had a partial ring of thick blondish gray hair that ran like a broken halo from above one ear around the back of his head to a spot above the other ear. So intently was he looking at the ground, pushing aside the grass with his club, that he seemed unaware of her presence some fifty feet away seated on the dim screened porch. For all his acknowledgement of anything beyond the grass at his feet and his search for his ball, he might have been unaware of the porch or the house looming in shadow to his left. How could anyone care so much about a ball? she thought. And where was his playing partner and his cart? 
“You are the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen,” Whitfield said.
She looked quickly to each side then behind. When had he arrived?
“I don’t know what I did to deserve you,” he said, his voice directly in front of her and below. “I’ve never known.”
She closed her eyes and felt the sigh ease from her chest in a long drawn out silent moan.
Whitfield looked up from the bed with a wan smile. He’d said what he needed to say. There were no more words. His eyes drifted shut.
He looked so much older than when she’d last seen him. And seeing him in bed like that was a shock. Was this the time she’d nursed him back from his hernia operation? But no. That had been in the king-sized bed in Atlanta, the morning sun pouring through the windows. And he’d been young then, with all his hair though thinning. This bed was narrow and higher with gleaming chrome side rails, the one on the far side up, the one on her side lowered. The skin of his face was slack and gray, his hair all but gone with just a few wisps on top and down around his ears.
She noticed then the saucer and tea cup in her right hand. It was their fine bone china; and by the scent that rose up and surrounded her, the tea was lemon zinger, the one she’d taught him to drink in the first months of their marriage, when they would lie in bed on Sunday mornings in the old house on Dowd Street. When he’d raised his eyebrows at substituting tea for his regular strong dose of coffee, she’d signed Better for you! And he’d responded Trying to keep me young. Even then, he was overly sensitive about being eight years her senior. She’d laughed and signed Drink up, Grandpa! And he had, actually claimed to like the taste.
That was the last time she’d seen him drink lemon zinger tea. So why did she have it now, and in their fine china? And how could he possibly drink it lying flat on his back like that? She could raise him on some pillows then realized that the hospital bed allowed for raising the entire upper part of his torso. But where were the controls? And how could she find and operate them while holding the cup and saucer? She looked for somewhere to set the saucer down but saw no end table or adjustable tray. There was only Whitfield in the bed, lit from above by some hidden light, and the dark floor on which she stood, invisible in the dimness below. She panicked at her plight. Why wasn’t there someone else to assist her—a doctor or nurse or assistant? Or Jasper—where was Jasper? She grew dizzy, thought she might fall, spill the tea and shatter the cup. She closed her eyes and took three long breaths, releasing each slowly.
When she looked again, Whitfield was sitting against pillows in their king-sized bed, just completing his first taste of the tea in the cup from Mama and Father’s old tableware set they had given her when she first went out on her own and that she’d brought with her into the first house of their marriage. His tongue and lips moved back and forth as he sampled the tea. He looked up at her and said Not bad. Not bad at all. Then he grinned, set the cup on the nightstand, and reached out to touch the skin between the elastic waist of her pajama bottoms and the loose fitting matching top. There was something else that would make him feel even younger he said or seemed to say or communicated by means beyond sounds. And she consented in gesture beyond sound. She never worried about their age difference. What were eight years compared with love and hope?
The man had found his ball. He spent some minutes considering the angle of his shot, gauging the height of the large pine bough between the ball and the green, weighing the merits of trying to clear the bough versus going under and laying up short of the green. He stood slightly to the side of the ball and took a few practice swings through the tall rough. Finally he settled directly over the ball, relaxed his legs and his upper torso, swung his arms and shoulders backwards with the club facing directly toward her, then uncoiled that taut spring of muscles and brought the club in a rapid arc downward toward the ground and against the ball nestled in the grass. A small tuft of turf along with some blades of clipped grass flew forward with the club head then floated slowly back to earth. She never caught sight of the ball thus couldn’t tell if it cleared the bough or went under. The man’s body held for long seconds in the twisted position at the end of the shot, his hands up under his chin, the club extended above his left shoulder like a spire.
Then he lowered the club, found the bit of turf he’d raised, put it back in the divot, and lightly tapped it down with the club head. Finished, he turned to face her, raised his club in a silent salute, then disappeared.
Far, far down at the end of her sight she saw her bare feet glowing white and forlorn and looking very old and withered. She’d better get out of this robe and dressed—and cover those feet.

Leah stood in the shadowed doorway to the kitchen watching Mary labor over a large oblong hand-hewn wooden kneading bowl that looked identical to the one Mama used to mix her biscuits and bread. She understood from her studies in genetics and Mama’s dabbling in family genealogy that her descendants many generations removed had come from these shores, probably from this northern part of the island. But that abstract understanding was brought home, literally, in an unprecedented manner by seeing Mary laboring over that bowl. She surely had alien DNA mixed with her English genes—witness her bright blonde hair, bobbing in a damp ponytail between her shoulder blades—but at the core she was close kin to this gray-haired woman with her hands sticky with dough and her forearms dusted in flour working in that familiar bowl.
She’d woke before dawn as she always woke—clear-eyed and alert. She was momentarily confused by her surroundings. In particular she was troubled by the absence of Nancy, her raven-haired roommate these last six weeks at Oxford who always slept late and that she would wake with a gentle shake of her shoulder followed by the brush of her fair-skinned cheek. She surprised herself at how much she missed Nancy, who’d left yesterday morning to meet her parents for a week’s touring of France. Nancy had invited her to come along, but that would have meant skipping her long planned sojourn through Wordsworth’s Lake District. Now she wondered if she should have followed Nancy to France.
To stave off this bout of lonesomeness, she got out of bed, cracked the door to the hall, and checked the bath door across the way. It was closed. She stood there, watching, for several minutes until the door finally opened and Hank, Mary’s husband, emerged in a sleeveless white undershirt and gabardine workpants pulled up but unbuttoned at the waist, his pink fleshy face freshly washed and his balding head gleaming. He noticed the eyes watching from the cracked door to his daughter’s room. Leah leaned back and shut the door, but not before she saw her host button his pants and check the zippered fly. After a few minutes pause, she looked again and saw the bath door open and the room empty. She gathered her clothes into her arms and snuck across the hall to shower and dress for the day ahead.
Now as she watched, Mary dumped the dough onto a floured wood countertop. When she turned to set the kneading bowl aside, she noticed Leah standing in the doorway. Leah worried that she’d be startled, but Mary showed no sign of surprise as she smiled and waved for her guest to join her at the counter. She patted the dough down then used a long wooden rolling pin to smooth it into a uniform half-inch thickness. She handed Leah the wooden biscuit cutter, also identical to Mama’s, and gestured for her to cut the dough. Leah felt a strange mix of feelings at doing this familiar task in this unfamiliar place with this woman who was somehow both stranger and intimate. She cut the dough with a slight twist of her hand, lifted up the cutter, and let the disc of soft dough fall from the hollow of the cutter into her left hand. She’d already dusted the fingers and palm of that hand from the fringe of flour on the cutting board, so that the dough wouldn’t stick to her skin. She handed the round to Mary.
“You’ve done this before.”
Leah nodded.
“Call them biscuits or scones, every culture has them. ‘Food of the working class, the noble class, and the gods’ my mum used to say.”
Leah nodded. In America we are all one class, she thought. But Mary’s mom’s logic worked the same—everyone loves biscuits! 
She turned her attention to the wide dough before her and began cutting out uniform circles, handing each cut round to Mary who placed them on the greased baking sheet. When all the full rounds had been cut from the dough, Leah set aside the cutter, quickly gather together the scraps of dough, patted them into a cohesive ball, then rolled the ball into another half-inch thickness with the over-sized rolling pin. The pin felt awkward in her hands, but she managed to make the dough into a manageable disc. She then cut more rounds from the new layer till there were only scraps. She repeated the gathering and rolling of the scraps and cutting more rounds two additional times until there was only a plum-sized piece of dough remaining.
She gave Mary a questioning glance. Mary smiled and nodded. Leah popped the raw dough into her mouth. It was saltier and coarser than Mama’s dough, and without the buttery flavor. Still, it brought her closer to home than she’d been at any time in the last month and a half. Since her first week at Oxford, she’d not been homesick till just now. She swallowed hard, hoping the dough would push down the emotion rising in her throat.
Mary embraced her in an awkward hug that was at first startling and uncomfortable. People didn’t touch her, especially strangers in England. She’d long thought of her deafness as a sort of invisible leprosy, creating a physical repulsion; and she’d grown used to that isolation. But at this moment she was grateful for this touch and the reassurance that lay beneath it. She wrapped her arms around her hostess and returned the hug, felt both lost and found at the same moment.

After a light lunch of an avocado and bean sprout sandwich and a glass of home-brewed iced tea, Leah lingered at the kitchen’s eating counter with the newspaper spread out before her. She’d started on the crossword puzzle but was paused now, the pencil’s eraser lightly tapping her lips. It wasn’t a difficult clue that was stumping her. She wasn’t even looking at the paper but rather was gazing through the glass doors to the screened porch and across the porch to the golf course pounded by glaring midday sun. Such a sight, filtered through long experience and exposure, would normally make Leah “feel” that heat even though she sat in comfortable shade and conditioned air. But the glare didn’t cause her to experience that proximate solar furnace, instead called her back to the early morning’s visions while seated out on the porch. She didn’t remember much of those visions, dream and daydreams that they were. But something buried deep within her remained unsettled, as if she’d been given a warning but couldn’t quite recall it, grasp its meaning or solution. It was easy enough for her to hang this disquiet on Jasper’s pre-dawn phone call, the image of her heartbroken son in a London hotel room or who knows where by now. She told herself that’s what it was, but knew she was telling herself a lie, a lie that would do until the unease asserted itself again or faded to nothing.
The door bell’s ring stirred her from this trance. She quickly checked her attire—white cotton blouse, khaki skirt to her knees, navy canvas slip-ons—and her blond hair pulled into a bun at her neck, then went to the front door. Glancing through the sidelight, she saw a tall thin black girl standing before the door looking impatient. Leah figured she was a high school student selling raffle tickets to fund a band trip or a cheerleading competition. They weren’t supposed to get solicitations in this gated community, but maybe this girl had somehow circumvented the rules. Something about her made it seem like she could do so. Leah opened the door. “Good afternoon.”
The girl nodded but wouldn’t look up and said nothing.
“Can I help you?”
“I’m here to clean your house.” The girl glanced at Leah at the end of this sentence, scowled, then looked down at her feet and the slate landing.
Leah was momentarily confused then recalled that today was Tuesday, one of two days a week that an old black woman named Etta came from one to five to clean the house and do her laundry. In her mixed up morning, she’d totally forgotten. She did her best to hide the confusion. “Where’s Etta?”
“Resting in bed. She busted her knee.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. And who are you?”
“I’m her granddaughter. She tell me to come clean your house. She say you Miss Monroe.”
“Mrs. Monroe.”
The girl nodded and shrugged.
“And your name?”
“Neesa.”
“Neesa?”
“N-E-E-S-A. Neesa.”
“I can spell. I’ve never heard that name before.”
“Most people ain’t. That’s why I spell it for you.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
“I’m sorry Etta is hurt. I wish she’d called.”
“She say she call this morning.”
Leah had not checked the voicemail on the house phone. No one except phone solicitors used that number, till today—first Jasper, now Etta. “I’ve not checked the messages.”
“Should.”
Leah nodded. “Yes.” She thought of Jasper. Had he called back and she’d missed his call? “I will.”
Neesa raised her eyes and stared at Leah. Though standing one step below on the landing, her eyes were level with Leah’s; and they again possessed that adolescent impatience. “Well?”
Leah grew flustered but quickly recovered. “You don’t need to sub for Etta. I can get by for today.”
“She might be down awhile. Uncle Mike say she might need surgery.”
“Oh.” She paused then continued, “I can look into getting a service to cover till she’s back on her feet.”
“You don’t want me in your house?”
“It’s not that.”
“I’m too young?”
“No.”
“Inexperienced?”
“I can’t answer that.”
“I’ve helped Grandma most summers starting back in grade school. I know which end of a vacuum cleaner sucks and how to push a mop.”
Leah laughed.
“What?” Neesa asked defensively.
Leah hesitated then said, “In my experience, both ends of a vacuum cleaner and everything in between sucks.”
Neesa smiled. “That’s why I’m here.”
Leah noted how beautiful the girl’s face became when she looked straight ahead and smiled. Still, she hesitated. After the trials of her day, she was reluctant to incorporate more change into her burdened life.
Neesa sighed, letting go of a little of her impatience. “Look, Miss Monroe.”
“Leah.”
“Grandma say call you Miss Monroe.”
“That’s what Etta insists on calling me. But I insist on you calling me Leah. Elder’s privilege.”
Neesa nodded. “Leah, I’m here and you need your house cleaned. Try me for today. If you don’t like the work, then I won’t come back. Deal?”
“Pay?”
“Same as Grandma, if my work is satisfactory. If not, you don’t have to pay me.”
Leah stared at the girl. She had a brassiness that was both intimidating and alluring.
“Deal?” Neesa asked again.
Leah finally extended her hand. “Deal.”
Neesa turned and went back to the car parked in the drive. Leah noticed for the first time that it was Etta’s older model hatchback. So Neesa was old enough to drive but apparently did not own a car. The girl took off her sandals and put on a pair of soft soled work shoes then tied a white apron like Etta used around her waist, over her dark jeans. She returned and strode past Leah without a glance or word. She found the closet next to the laundry where Leah kept the vacuum, mops, and all her cleaning supplies. Had Etta told her all this? She slid the vacuum and its attachments into the hall, took down the plastic bin holding the cleaners, slid on a pair of rubber gloves, and headed down the hall to the bedrooms and baths to begin her cleaning—starting at the far end of the house and working toward the front and public end, just as Etta did. Leah marveled at the determination and knowledge of this youngster. Had she helped her grandmother one day when Leah wasn’t here? Had her grandmother prepped her on the exact layout of this house? Or was she acting on instinct and those summers working alongside Etta? Whatever the cause, all Leah could do was pull the front door shut and return to her crossword puzzle laid out on the counter.
Awhile later, after she’d finished with the newspaper and carefully cleared her plate and napkin and cleaned the counter, she went down the hall to the bedroom wing. Neesa was done with the master suite and now moving through the guest bedroom that doubled as her study. She waved to the girl as she passed the doorway, but Neesa never looked up. She was carefully moving each knick-knack on the sills and shelves and dusting under it before placing it back exactly as it had been. Such attention to detail was not Etta’s strong suit, and Leah would spend a good deal of time after Etta left returning items to their proper place. She went into her bedroom and likewise found the dresser and dressing table and bath vanity all cleaned and dusted and the items on top in their former position. The sheets had been changed and neatly made up; the carpet was vacuumed (in reverse, leaving no shoeprints until Leah left hers), the toilet gleamed, and the tile (including the shower walls) had been scrubbed and dried—and all done considerably faster than Etta on her most limber day.
After Neesa finished in the study and moved on to the living and dining rooms, Leah went into the study to pay some bills. She checked the answering machine for messages, wondering if her son had called during the time she’d had her processor off. But no—there was only Etta’s deep and richly accented voice saying that she was “down” today and was sending her granddaughter to clean. “She’s a good girl, and a better housecleaner than me!” Leah wouldn’t argue with that.
Leah picked up the phone and called Jasper.
“Hello, Mom,” he said after the first ring. He sounded like he was just around the corner.
“Dear.”
“What’s up?”
Leah heard voices and music in the background. “I thought I’d check on how you are doing. But it sounds like you are busy.”
“Just out with some friends.”
“Lauren?” she asked, realizing only after the fact that she whispered the name.
Jasper whispered back. “Yes.”
“So you are O.K.?”
“Yes.” He giggled.
“And maybe a little drunk.”
“Mom!” he said, drawing the word out into multiple syllables, the plaintive whine that she remembered as the first sound she’d ever heard, though it surely wasn’t. “We’re at dinner. We’re having fun.”
Leah checked her watch and adjusted for the time difference. They were at dinner, having fun, he and Lauren. What could possibly be the problem? “Enjoy yourself. Call me when you are free. But not at five in the morning, please.”
Jasper laughed. “Sorry about that. I forgot about the time.”
“So I figured. I love you.”
“I love you too,” he said, though whispering again.
She grinned to herself. I guess he doesn’t want Lauren to know she shares his love with another woman. “Good-bye, dear.”
“Good-bye, Mom.”
No sooner had she set the receiver back in its recharging cradle then she heard the sound of breaking china come from the direction of the dining room. She emerged from the study just in time to see the front door close behind the fleeing Neesa.
Leah went into the dining room and spotted the cause of the clamor—one of the china coffee cups from their wedding set shattered on the polished oak floor. There was an open spot on the second shelf of the sideboard where the cup had been, and Neesa’s dusting rag sat in a clump on the sideboard’s countertop. Leah wasn’t sure what to feel—anger at Neesa’s carelessness or sadness at the girl’s extreme reaction. And somewhere in that mix came Jasper’s voice—not his superficial happy-go-lucky voice of a few minutes past but his abject sadness and loss of early this morning. The burdens of youth were heavy and generally indecipherable.
To give herself a moment to sort through these feelings—and wanting the mess and the momentary violence it recalled to disappear as quickly as possible—she went to the cleaning closet and brought back a broom and dust pan. She calmly and methodically swept up the shards. It surprised her how far the pieces had flown—to the far wall under the window and back behind the sideboard where the broom barely fit when inserted sideways. She pulled the stray pieces into an ever shrinking circle in an open spot on the floor till they were in a single small pile. It didn’t look like much for all the excitement it had caused. She swept the pile onto the dustpan then emptied the dustpan into the kitchen trashcan.
She’d assumed that Neesa had left; but looking out the kitchen window, she saw Etta’s car still in the drive and Neesa seated behind the wheel. She shook her head at the girl’s mix of audacity and vulnerability. And she didn’t hesitate for a minute to lean the broom against the kitchen counter and head out the front door to the car in the drive.
But Leah did wait beside the driver’s door for Neesa to make the next move.
After a standoff of more than a minute (that to Leah seemed much longer), Neesa finally cranked down the window. Still staring straight ahead, the girl said, “It was an accident.”
“I know.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, spitting the words out soft and low.
“Thank you. I know it was an accident. You don’t need to apologize for an accident.”
Neesa faced Leah then. Tears had dried on her cheeks. “Grandma ever have an accident?”
Leah lied. “Yes.”
“She say she sorry?”
“Yes.”
“I’m sorry too.”
“I know. You told me.”
“You want me to finish?”
“Yes, please.”
“I get paid?”
Leah couldn’t stifle her laugh.
“Less the cost of the cup,” Neesa added quickly.
Leah knew replacing the cup would cost a good deal more than she paid Etta for an afternoon’s labor. That realization caused her deep shame. “Let me worry about the cup. You just keep doing the good job you’ve been doing.”
Neesa smiled at the compliment. “That’s easy.” She opened the car’s door and got out.
As the two strode up the front walk, Leah said, “I thought surely you had left.”
“Wanted to.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“Left my phone on the counter.”
Leah laughed. “Lucky me.”
“You sure?”
Leah turned to the girl before opening the front door. “I’m sure. But can I offer a suggestion?”
Neesa’s eyes held on her without rolling or betraying annoyance.
“Don’t run from trouble. It will just follow you. Face it down and put it behind you, quick as you can.”
“That’s what Grandma say.”
“Old. Like me.”
“Older.”
Leah laughed with a simple spontaneous pleasure she hadn’t felt for a long time, then opened the door for Neesa to enter.

Early after breakfast, Leah headed out for a daylong trek that would carry her out of the village and into the surrounding countryside before looping her for a second night’s stay at her warm and welcoming Nest. With the help of her Michelin map and some key suggestions from Mary, she devised a route that was scenic but not too ambitious, a chance for her legs and most importantly her feet in their only slightly broken in hiking boots to acclimate to the rigors of extended walking.
Unsolicited, Mary packed her a light lunch of those scones she’d helped prepare, a slice of dense ham wrapped in waxed paper, and a large home-canned pickle, with a glass-lined thermos of hot tea. When Leah peaked at the brown bag’s contents, a broad smile lit her face. To Mary’s questioning glance, she wrote on one of her cards, A Ham Biscuit! Mary still seemed puzzled, so Leah added, A Childhood Favorite. Mary grinned and nodded. “I’m glad.” Leah wished to hug her hostess again but suddenly wondered at the propriety of too much physical contact in this land of stoicism and reserve. So she’d expressed her gratitude with a big-lettered THANK YOU on another card with a quick sketch of a young woman striding over the chasm of the “U”. Mary accepted the card, would add it to the stack from Leah she was saving, then quickly leaned forward and wrapped the young woman in a surprisingly emotional hug. Leah hugged her back, surrendering to the new rules and the old comforts she was experiencing in this frontier outpost of a foreign land.
She passed through the town in early sun, noting the many windows thrown open to take in the clear air tinted, even this far inland, with a briny saltiness from the invisible sea. There were numerous villagers out and about, heading off to jobs in the various shops and guilds or acquiring fresh groceries for the day’s meals. Each and every resident nodded in her direction or tipped their caps. Several moved their lips in greetings she couldn’t decipher. Though she felt a bit self-conscious with her blue backpack and jeans tucked into her socks above her hiking boots, she swallowed this unease and responded to each greeting with an enthusiastic nod of her own and a broad smile as fresh and bright as the new day. She’d long ago learned she could never blend in, no matter how hard she tried. So she did her best to give the world something better than normal and familiar.
Soon she was beyond the village and passing small fields bordered by rock walls and long twisting gravel drives no doubt leading to farmsteads or manor houses hidden beyond the trees lining those drives. An hour or so outside of town, she turned off the level paved road that followed the valley north onto a gravel road headed west. Where earlier she’d passed the occasional cars and lories (driving on the wrong side, of course) and a few other hikers, once she got on the gravel road she saw no other travelers either on foot or in vehicles. She was quickly swallowed by the craggy hills and the loose-fill stone bordered fields in colors and textures alternating between deep-green grass combed by the wind and short stubble gold left from recent mowing. She spotted one of the region’s signature lakes sparkling a brilliant blue in the middle distance, a contrast with the earth tones that was almost too hard to take, certainly beyond fathoming. She watched long-winged birds floating high high above on the morning’s thermals and wondered what they saw from up there. Could they see the ocean’s brilliant blue to the west? Could they see her, this golden-haired dot in the gray undulating lane? What was it like to have their perspective, their long-range vision and knowledge?
Just as intriguing, she’d watch tiny songbirds (silentbirds) flitting about the underbrush of the hedgerows that would intersect the roads, some marked by small streams draining hidden springs or lakes. What did those birds see in their quickened beat foraging? Were they mainly frightened of dangers too numerable to count? Or were they happy, finding insects or seeds to fuel their hurried metabolism? And what did they say back and forth to one another and the world? She’d long since stopped wondering about the sound of human voices, surrendering even the curiosity and replacing it with other forms of communication. But she really wished she could hear the birds, not so much for the oft-cited beauty of their song—which was after all only one of many types of reported beautiful sound—but to better understand their lives, their endless flitting between the equal compulsions of freedom and terror. She’d stumbled on a Dickinson poem in high school and quickly memorized it:
A bird came down the walk,
He did not know I saw.
He bit an angleworm in halves
And ate the fellow raw.
Then he drank a dew
From a convenient grass,
And then hopped sidewise to the wall
To let a beetle pass.
He glanced with rapid eyes
That hurried all around.
They looked like frightened beads, I thought.
He stirred his velvet head
Like one in danger, cautious.
I offered him a crumb.
And he unrolled his feathers
And rowed him softer home
Than oars divide the ocean
Too silver for a seam
Or butterflies off banks of noon
Leap plashless as they swim.
Nowhere does Dickinson mention the bird’s song, as if it were insignificant, or perhaps too obvious to bother with. But Leah in her soundless world was certain that birds’ song would solve the tension masterfully revealed in the poem and help her know the lives of birds.
Late in the morning, the road began a steady descent from a lofty hill that had given her a long-range view across many rough-hewn hills and had shown clouds gathering, and perhaps approaching, out of the west. She was glad for the downslope walking and suddenly realized she was hungry. As if on cue, she rounded a sweeping curve in the gravel path and was greeted by a narrow river with its banks lined by leafy trees far shorter than mature trees back home but taller than anything she’d seen hereabouts. She left the road and crossed a field that had been recently mowed for hay, its short stubble prickly beneath her boots and sometimes grabbing lightly at her socks. She entered the shade of the trees and found a mossy clearing on the bank of the river. There was a drop-off of several feet from the bank to the water exposing a mix of rocks and dark loamy earth. She’d hoped to take off her boots and peel off her socks and dip her feet in the water—maybe farther upstream. First, she needed to satisfy the more urgent hunger for food. She sat down on the soft moss, slid her backpack off, and took out Mary’s lunch.
Only then did she notice the arched stone bridge spanning the river a hundred yards upstream. It had been hidden by the intervening trees until she’d sat down.. The arch and superstructure of the bridge were comprised of the same gray fieldstones of the walls between the fields. But the top of the bridge was marked by a row of lighter stones, and with that accent transformed the bridge from something elegant but utilitarian to something sublime, almost dreamlike. Who would have constructed such a work of art on this out-of-the-way path? Had it always been out-of-the-way? There were no obvious signs of earlier habitation in the area, but who’s to say? Maybe this road was a key route in a bygone era. And where had the lighter stones come from? Had they been set aside from the ample local supply? Or carted in (she felt certain the bridge predated fossil-fueled transport) from the coast, the limestone that must be available there?
The history of the bridge and the factors behind its construction quickly faded from Leah’s mind as she took out one of the scones and gently pried it apart, then inserted a corner of the slice of ham, licking the salt and grease from her fingers absentmindedly. When she looked up again, the bridge ceased to be static—a physical object with history and purpose—and became something living, breathing and moving, both encircling her and laid out before her. She imagined herself at one end of its span, the limestone rails to each side, the road inviting crossing. But crossing to where exactly? It wasn’t that she feared the crossing, as if the bridge might collapse beneath her (surely not) or, worse, that the crossing would initiate her into a fantastic world from which she might not escape, like Alice’s Wonderland. She easily incorporated these musings into her vision. What she feared from the prospect of crossing was not that she would be taken away from the real world but that she would be returned to it. The bridge in this secret view, its graceful beauty, seemed a point of entry into a world of seeing and transcendent feeling, like Keats’s urn or Yeats’s Lapis Lazuli. “Beauty is Truth, Truth Beauty—that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.” Found here, now. Another, on embracing such a vision, might have thought—How so? Or, what do I do with this? Leah, in her guileless innocence, simply accepted the gift, as Wordsworth in his childhood rambles of these same hills. Had the young poet sat here, observing this same bridge at this same perspective, caught up in its charms? She grinned at the possibility, then took out another of Mary’s scones, grateful for worldly sustenance.
When she crossed the bridge shortly thereafter, it was not with thoughts of transport or divine intimation but with images of horse-drawn wagons swaying from side to side under loads of loose stacked hay, and of herds of sheep funneling over the span on their way to new grazing, urged along by black and white collies. The character of this land was simultaneously tangible and fantastic; and Leah’s own history and handicap made her at this moment in her life available to both realms, a chosen bridge in her own right.
She began a new ascent, this time into stony crags of sparser vegetation. No longer were the rock walls enclosing small fields but rambled in twisting lines of no discernible geometry or order, cresting on a distant hill and falling beyond sight. Who had bothered to make these walls that surely didn’t follow property lines? What was their purpose? Again Leah’s mind drifted on the free-flowing breezes of her spirit, saw the lines not as borders but as guides to fantastic worlds she couldn’t visit in body but was free to peruse in her imagination. Those lines undulated and twisted from side to side, like huge benign snakes or the dragons’ tails of local legend. Why not ride them hence? So she did, certain no harm would come to her, sure of God’s benevolence and love.
Lost in such musings, she was suddenly jostled on all sides by waves of—well, large cotton balls, plush pillows of soft fur. She was bumped hard on one side and lost her balance only to be righted by a stable brace from the other side. As her mind and vision returned to earth, she saw burly sheep with black faces jogging in front of her, beside her, behind her—everywhere around her, a sea of black-dotted soft white wool. No wonder it had seemed big soft pillows. These myriad beasts were soft white pillows, on stubby skinny legs and with dark and wide-eyed faces.
She turned to face the wave head-on. What she confronted were hundreds more sheep crowded into the lane that was bordered on both sides by steep banks. Far away at the edge of this sea a shepherd was gesturing, his waves surely accompanied by unheard shouts rising above the unheard clamor of the stampede. She saw instantly that there was nothing she could do except stand her ground and trust that the flock and the day would grant her enough space to remain upright amidst the fury. Reconciled to this fate, she never for a moment considered the alternative—that she would lose her balance or be knocked down and trampled beneath the innumerable small hooves.
When the black-dotted white sea parting around her finally passed, followed by the black and white collies she’d earlier imagined, these eyeing her incredulously, as if to ask “What are you doing in our flock?”, a shepherd boy that could have been drawn from a Shelley poem approached, his former wild gestures calmed somewhat to a round red face shouting something, the words accompanied by a pointing of his wooden staff toward the bank at the edge of the road. Leah could only grin as the dust settled about her. The boy—he couldn’t have been much more than ten or twelve—gradually relaxed as he approached. By the time he reached her, she’d retrieved one of the stock cards she kept in the outer pocket of her backpack, telling of her name and deafness. The boy accepted the card and glanced at it, then looked up at her blankly—maybe not understanding its meaning, perhaps not able to read. Leah pointed to her ears then shook her head. The boy seemed to understand then, gave her back her card then nodded and tipped his cap before moving past her, this time with his staff striking the ground in confident rhythm. They’d all—sheep, dogs, deaf-girl, shepherd—survived an improbable encounter in this rigorous setting that was, at the moment at least, watchful and generous.
That night she wrote these words from Wordsworth in her journal:
I was left alone
Seeking the visible world, nor knowing why.
The props of my affections were removed,
And yet the building stood, as if sustained
By its own spirit! All that I beheld
Was dear.
She wondered if Wordsworth’s spirit-sustained building had ever stood against a sea of black-faced white pillows crashing over and around him. Had he? Had he?
Then she wrote the story of her day to an imagined Brooke waiting to hear it on the far side of the hidden dark sea.

Leah wasn’t lonely. Since moving to Spring Glade a year ago—a transition that had evolved slowly after Jasper went off to college and Whitfield had agreed, at her urging, to sell their large house in Atlanta and buy a condo there (for him to live in till he could sell his real estate business, for her to visit) and this smaller cottage that was nearer to her parents and Jasper’s college—she had intentionally and effectively immersed herself in the life of her new home. She served on the fund-raising board for the local charter school, baked bread and rolls for the homeless shelter at a church nearby, and served as chair for The 18th Green, a volunteer group of mainly housewives who oversaw decorative plantings for their gated community and the golf course it included. These roles were comfortable adjustments for Leah, as each had antecedents from her active social life in Atlanta. Through these commitments, she made many local acquaintances, some of whom became friends. And her name was now on the mailing and invitation lists of almost every non-profit and social organization in the small town. Everyone wanted this quiet, gracious, and attractive woman as part of their group or gathering. It didn’t hurt that she was both unattached (most times) and unavailable, as this allowed the men in the groups to flirt without offense but not have to worry about pursuing the attraction further.
No, Leah wasn’t lonely. She was lost. When Jasper, her only child, went off to college, she was stunned by the havoc it wreaked on her sense of purpose and self-image. Prior to his leaving, she would laugh nervously whenever someone mentioned “empty-nest syndrome.” She had a life before he was born; she assumed she’d have a life, or make one, after he left. Besides, he was only going to college, not leaving the face of the earth! So she was utterly unprepared for the bomb that exploded in her life and in her heart when he left.
It didn’t help that his departure coincided with the onset of menopause, her body’s unwelcome transition and associate chaos. Along with these changes, and no doubt in part due to them, she and Whitfield began to drift apart. He spent more time at work, and in the company of a series of young office managers that would appear then just as quickly disappear. And she had a brief affair with a man fifteen years younger, the project manager of Greenways, the non-profit Jasper started in high school.
Then, worst of all, her sister was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and died after a six-month rollercoaster struggle. She’d never lost someone she loved so dearly. And she couldn’t imagine how she would go forward with her life, a life already in disarray before this crushing blow. She went to grief groups, counsellors, therapists. She tried medicinal, meditation, and exercise therapies. As a last dramatic attempt, they’d sold the house that contained all the memories of Jasper’s first twenty years; and she’d moved up here, to a new house and a new life.
And it had helped—that and the intervention of months then years from her sister’s death. She was active. By all appearances, she was in good health and spirits, a fact attested by how popular she was in her new setting. Yet somewhere deep inside, buried beneath her instinctive grace and desire to please and serve (habits that had predated motherhood but been polished to a high sheen during Jasper’s childhood and adolescence), she felt completely empty. Worse, with each passing day, the hope of healing grew more remote, like the brilliant nearby star easily sharing warmth and light that recedes ever deeper into space until one day you blink and it’s gone and you don’t even know where in that infinite blackness to look for its glimmer, if it’s there at all.
“You want to know space? I’ll show you space!”
Leah laughed out loud. This was classic Brooke. She closed her eyes and waited for what would come next. She knew she wouldn’t be disappointed.
“Come on! I told you we needed to get away—just you and me, like in the old days.”
Leah could chuckle, again safe in Brooke’s all-encompassing universe. “In the ‘old days’ getting away would mean going to a matinee at the Varsity or maybe driving to the state forest to sip beer and share a cigarette.”
“Revisionist history, girlfriend! I sipped the beer and smoked the ciggy-dogs. You just watched!”
“And drove us home.”
“Yeah. You were good for something—once in a while.”
Leah smiled. This was a softer mellower Brooke than she remembered.
“But this time, girl, I’m driving. And I’m going to take you over the moon. Literally!”
And she did—past the moon, Mars, the asteroids in jumbled array, Jupiter and its moons, Saturn, those other planets whose names she couldn’t remember. Then into the deep dark. Then dodging around stars, nebulae, beyond their galaxy, beyond all galaxies. The movement—the sights, all those flashes of light, the darkness—was dizzying. If it hadn’t been Brooke leading, Leah would have been scared.
But where was Brooke? Suddenly Leah was frightened. This infinity appeared all too much like her worst nightmare. She wanted to get close to people, not vastly farther away. Where was Brooke in all the universe racing past?
Then she stopped. And before her sight were billions of galaxies that were simultaneously dots of light and swirling masses of myriad stars that were each dots of light but also swirling masses of planets and moons and captured comets and asteroids and all the rest of the particles that made up space down to the tiniest dots of matter, of life. It was all there before her, all of space and all of time, the universe, everything.
But where was Brooke? She couldn’t have got here alone. Now here, she couldn’t possibly endure this alone. This was far too harsh, too cruel.
“Is that the thanks I get—you crying?” Brooke laid her arm across one shoulder and gently tilted her head against the side of Leah’s.
Leah’s tears dried. She couldn’t imagine where she was or how they’d got here, but it didn’t matter. With Brooke present, nothing else mattered, never had.
“Look at it,” Brooke said.
“Beautiful.”
“It’s a dance, you know. All of creation—one glorious dance.”
Leah laughed. Brooke had never liked to dance; and though Leah enjoyed the movement of her body in supple, rhythmic ways, not being able to hear music thwarted such expression. And the idea of free-form soundless dance never occurred to her—until now. “It dances without music.”
“Yes.”
“To what end?”
“No end. No beginning either. It’s just what it does.”
“And you?”
“I watch. Bring my baby sister here. Watch her too.”
“Why?”
“That’s what sisters do, silly.”
A car horn honked. Leah opened her eyes on the sun-baked parking lot of Baxter’s Foods. She’d come to pick up groceries. She couldn’t remember if she’d picked them up already or not yet, then saw in the mirror the two reusable cloth grocery bags on the backseat, brimming with groceries and produce. A second, longer blast of a car horn made her jump. Leah looked over her left shoulder. Sally Rogers waved furiously through the open passenger-side window of the sedan parked next to hers.
Leah lowered her window and waved out. Only then did she realize that her car had been idling all along, though still in park.
Sally yelled, “Thought you were deaf,” not realizing the insensitivity of the comment.
Leah smiled and said, “See you tomorrow night?”—at the school’s mid-summer craft and bake sale.
Sally waved. “See you then!” As she raised the passenger window, Leah heard Sally mutter, “Damn heat.”
Leah waited till Sally had backed out of the space and made her way to turn onto the highway before putting her car in gear and heading for home.

On Friday afternoon promptly at one the front doorbell rang. Leah saw Neesa standing on the stoop with her work shoes already on but holding her maid’s apron over her wrist.
Leah hadn’t known if it would be Etta or Neesa or someone else or no one at all that would appear for the Friday afternoon cleaning. She’d considered calling Etta last night but had got home from the bake sale late and didn’t want to trouble her. Besides, Etta was half deaf and Leah had to almost shout to be heard on the phone. She’d let this saga play out of its own accord. And if no one showed, she could spruce up the house herself before Whitfield arrived late tonight.
But here was Neesa; and Leah was secretly glad—she couldn’t say why. She’d have to invite the girl to use the everyday kitchen entrance around by the garage—like friends and family. And servants? She recalled from her childhood touring southern mansions that had a “servants’ entrance” (not to mention rows and rows of long since decayed and time-dissolved servants’ quarters—otherwise known as slave quarters) and wondering at the time exactly what a servants’ entrance was.
Leah opened the door with a generous smile. “Good afternoon.”
“What’s good about it?”
Leah shrugged. “A little cooler?”
Neesa snickered.
“Friday?”
“So I can sit and watch the cooking channel with Grandma all night long, like every other night of the week?”
“How is Etta?”
“She fine. She had a operation for torn cartilage.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“It went fine. Might be awhile recovering.”
“Can I get her anything?”
“Like a new leg?” Neesa grinned at the thought. Maybe this rich white lady could get her Grandma a new leg.
“I was thinking of some flowers, or maybe a casserole for dinner.”
“She hate flowers. Say they always just dying. And Flo and Josie ’bout bursted the fridge with all kind of food— ’nuff for an army. I told Uncle Mike come get some ’fore it spoil.”
Leah nodded. “Well, if you think of something, please let me know.”
Neesa nodded. “Can I get to work now?”
Leah stepped aside. The young girl rushed past on her way to the cleaning closet, tying her apron around her waist as she went.
Awhile later, as Neesa emerged from the study, having finished the back half of the house and now moving into the living room, Leah said from the kitchen doorway, “Want to take a short break?”
“Why?”
“To catch your breath.”
“So I don’t break nothing?”
“No. Because most people take an afternoon break—an age-old tradition.”
“I wouldn’t know. Grandma take a break?”
“Sometimes.”
Neesa wavered.
“Come on. I saved out a few cookies from the batch I made for the bake sale.”
“What kind?”
“White chocolate and macadamia nut.”
Neesa scowled. “Never heard of that!”
“Not even on your Grandma’s cooking shows?”
“Don’t pay attention.”
“Well come try this cookie. I think you’ll like it.”
Neesa leaned the vacuum against the wall and set her dusting rag on top. She followed Leah to the kitchen’s eating counter where a half dozen large cookies were already laid out on a hand-thrown pottery serving plate with smaller plates and cloth napkins in front of two of the seats.
“What can I get you to drink?”
“Coke?”
Leah frowned. “How about some home-brewed iced tea?”
Neesa nodded.
“Sit down. Help yourself,” Leah said as she brought two glasses of tea back from the refrigerator. 
Neesa did so, and Leah sat across from her at the counter. The girl studied the cookie on her plate as if it were a specimen in biology lab, then finally picked it up and nibbled on an edge. She set it back on the plate then took a sip of the tea. Leah was curious about her reaction to these obviously new flavors, but couldn’t see it as Neesa kept her head down.
 “Etta walking yet?”
Neesa nodded. “With a walker.”
“She getting physical therapy?”
“Me.”
“You?”
“We’re following the paper they gave her—exercises, repetitions. The therapist will come once a week to check.”
“So you are adding ‘physical therapist’ to your growing list of skills.”
Neesa looked up then and smiled. “I call it Grandma’s slave.”
“She’s lucky to have you.”
“I guess. Wasn’t supposed to be like this.”
“How was it supposed to be?”
“Me in Baltimore with my friends, lazing around for the summer, going to the beach.”
“What happened?”
“Mom got a big gig on the west coast. Nobody for me to stay with. Packed off to Grandma’s for the summer, like when I was a kid.”
“No friends. No lazing.”
“Working my butt off!”
“Cleaning old ladies’ houses.”
“Saving for college, Mom says.”
“When do you go back to Baltimore?”
Neesa’s eyes flared. “I don’t!”
“Why not?”
“Mom said last night her job has been extended into the fall, but I think it’s permanent.”
“So what do you do?”
“Stay here with Grandma for now. Everyone thinks it worked out perfect—me here to help Grandma recover.”
“A nurse and a therapist and a housekeeper.”
“Slave.”
“What about school?”
“That hasn’t been worked out.”
“What grade are you?”
“Be a senior.”
“Looking at colleges?”
“Was—mostly around Baltimore. So much for that.”
“Lots of surprises.”
“Yeah. And nobody asks me on any of it.”
“Life.”
“Sucks.” She pushed away from the counter to head back to work.
Leah noted that two cookies and all the tea were gone.
Neesa said without turning, “Thanks for the cookies and tea.”
“What did you think?”
Neesa stopped in the kitchen’s doorway and turned. “The cookies were great. The tea was good but tasted different.”
“Mint. I use crushed mint from the herb garden.”
“It was good. Refreshing.”
“I’m glad you liked it. Breaks are good, even if you don’t need them.
“Yeah.”

At around seven that evening, Leah received a text message from Whitfield—Traffic terrible. Working late. Coming in the morning. Call if you have questions.
“Call if I have questions,” Leah said aloud. What was she now—one of his agents? a buyer closing on a house? She had some questions alright. But how many was she granted? How long a phone call? She sheathed the cold cut and cheese platter in plastic wrap, covered the pasta salad, put the slices of rye bread back in the bag with the portion of uncut loaf and twisted the tie tightly shut.
She went into her study and sat at the desk. She had numerous e-mails to respond to, including a long lovesick moan from Jasper (Lauren had left again). But she didn’t wake her computer. Instead she sat looking out at the sun dropping lower in the western sky. Looking in that direction at this time of year, you couldn’t see any other houses or signs of human structures, just lofty pine trees lording over a mix of lower hardwoods and shrubs. She knew it wasn’t exactly a primordial wilderness. But there was stillness and a calm about the scene that contrasted the disorder of her world.
She thought of Wordsworth and how the elder poet could never quite make peace with the loss of the uninhibited immersion into nature he’d experienced in childhood and youth, the divine insights and intimations that came so easily and unencumbered then. He tried hard to convince himself that maturity and perspective were better choices, but what he really meant was that he had no choice—that youthful pleasure and escape were gone; make the best of what remains.
Whitfield raised his glass across the elegantly adorned and assembled table for two tucked off in a private corner of Claude’s, their favorite fancy restaurant. The red wine in his glass was so dark it seemed to draw all of the room’s dim light yet still glowed with a kind of earthy resonance recalling the clusters of dark grapes ripening in rows upon rows of vines covering the hillside under a late-day provincial sun. And he said directly to her eyes, “You are the most beautiful woman in this room or in any room anywhere.”
She grinned and nodded a demure thanks. He could be so formal, and she loved it. She felt so cared for and safe in his presence. She raised her glass with its golden chardonnay the color of her hair, and tapped his.
As she sipped the rich, buttery wine that seemed almost a food rather than a beverage, she noticed that Whitfield, adorned in his best dark suit and with his hair slicked back, hand not taken a sip of his wine. He set it on the white linen tablecloth and grew flustered. She wondered if he wasn’t feeling well. His hand went under his suitcoat’s lapel, rubbed over his heart. Was something wrong? He seemed confused, in distress. She wished she could speak, ask him what the problem was. But she couldn’t. She tried to call his eyes to hers, express her concern with her expression. He’d know exactly what she meant if he would only look up. But he wouldn’t look up, kept grabbing at his chest. She set her glass down and moved to stand.
Finally Whitfield looked up from across the table. His face was pale, but he was smiling at her with a gaze she’d never seen from him, like a vulnerable child in desperate need of affirmation and approval. She tilted her head in question and concern—What is it? What do you need?
His right hand emerged from his left suitcoat pocket. It held a black velvet box. He struggled to open the box’s spring-loaded top, his hands shaking. Finally he got the box open and held it up for her to see. The ring’s large diamond glittered like a living organism in the candlelight. He waited for her astonished eyes to move from the ring to his face, then mouthed so only she could know, “Would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
Then Leah did what she’d never done in his presence—she cried. Big drops coursed down over her beautiful fair-skinned cheeks and splashed onto the linen tablecloth, leaving round dark stains.
And someone watching from afar would have to ask—Who was the more vulnerable one?

After their cold dinner saved from last night, judiciously freshened by Leah (she’d once worked as a caterer and knew how to make day-old food look great), followed by a movie on streaming video—some action thriller Whitfield picked out—Leah switched off the TV and looked over at her husband leaning back in the leather recliner that had made its way up here from the Atlanta house. Whitfield called it his “home away from home” and was the only one who ever sat in it. Leah wondered if she’d unintentionally made this house too much hers—her desire, her escape. But what choice had she had? Whitfield happily bought it as a good investment following the housing downturn, and gleefully pointed out the rising sale prices of similar homes in the development. But aside from its investment value, he’d shown little interest in personalizing it, making it his home. Whenever she’d asked for help in decorating decisions, he’d always responded, “You decide. It’s your baby.” He’d seen this as munificence. She’d seen it as indifference, to her new home and to her. But she’d not argued the point, had indeed made the home her baby.
And now he lay back snoring softly in his home within her home. She grinned at his helpless innocence and vulnerability, felt in it a will to nurture and protect, her oldest instinct—even before self-preservation—dating to her years of quietly protecting Brooke. Anger and animosity were contradictory to this impulse, and she felt none here. He’d had a full day—rising early to drive up here, then squeezing in nine holes before dinner—and she gladly forgave him his weariness. She saw in it the truth of his trust—that he could so readily check out on their first evening together in two weeks.
But in the abundant stillness that ensued—the grandfather clock’s ticking, the refrigerator clicking on then off, the barred owl outside trilling its song (to an absent or present mate? or one sleeping?—but owls sleep during the day)—Leah’s generous spirit grew gradually cold, and she felt descend on her the weight she’d been carrying years now, often hidden even from herself. She should get up, move around, maybe get herself a bowl of ice cream, wake Whitfield and offer him one. But she couldn’t move.
She looked again to her husband, this time in desperation.
His eyes were open, and he grinned at her across the rise of his golf shirt over his belly. “Did Tom Cruise save the day?”
A short laugh puffed out of her lungs. “But of course.”
He pressed the button that brought the recliner upright. “That’s good. Glad to have him watching over the safety of the free world. You got any ice cream.”
“Yes.”
“Butter pecan?”
“And Rocky Road.”
He laughed. “More reliable than Tom Cruise. And a whole lot prettier.” He strode across the few yards that separated them and kissed her lightly on the forehead. “Get you some?”
She shook her head.
He went into the kitchen and got a scoop of each flavor. When she didn’t follow him, he came back into the living room and sat on the edge of the recliner and ate his ice cream.
She waited for his eyes to rise to hers. She knew he wasn’t as comfortable with silence as she, who’d lived in the condition most of her life.
He looked up. “What?”
“Do you love me?” she asked, an unprecedented question in their relationship, maybe in her life.
“Of course I do.” Despite the affirmation, his gaze grew defensive.
“Are you glad you married me?”
“The best decision of my life.” He paused then added, “What’s the matter?”
“What are we going to do with the rest of our lives, Whitfield?”
He shrugged. “I’ll sell the business, soon as I can get a decent offer. I’ll move up here so you don’t have to be alone so much.”
“And?”
“And I don’t know. We’ll travel, golf, do what retired couples do.”
“You’ll golf.” Leah had not golfed in almost five years, since injuring her shoulder.
“You can come along, keep score, help me line up my shots. Like in the old days.”
Leah couldn’t help but smile at his innocence, his obtuseness. “But it’s not the old days.”
“We’re the old people.” He realized his double meaning and laughed to himself. “And grandkids. We can play with the grandkids, if Jasper will just get going with that girl he’s dating.”
“They broke up.”
“When?”
“Earlier this week.”
“I thought they were in England.”
“They are. Or at least he is. She came back early—put an ocean between them to underline her point.”
“Damn. How’s he doing?”
“Heartbroken, of course. Lost.”
“And in England. That’s harsh.”
Leah nodded.
“When’s he coming back?”
“Says he’s going to complete the trip. The rooms are already paid for.”
“Yeah, by me.”
“Might as well use them.”
“Maybe he’ll find a pretty jeunne fils or signora.”
“Maybe. But I think playing with the grandkids might be on hold for a while.”
“Yeah. Poor kid.”
“Poor Jasper.”
Whitfield finished his ice cream and stood to take his bowl into the kitchen. As he returned on his way to the bedroom he leaned over and kissed the side of her head, her golden hair pulled tight to her skull. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me,” he whispered.
A few minutes later, he yelled, “Did you throw away my shampoo?”
“It was empty,” she said without getting up. “I bought some more. It’s under your sink.”
After a brief pause, he yelled back, “Found it. Thanks.”

Whitfield left early Monday morning, timing his departure to miss the worst of Atlanta’s rush hour traffic but still make a ten o’clock meeting with the new owner of a condo complex regarding exclusive listing rights.
The night before he’d alerted Leah to his desire for an intimate exchange by, out of the blue, offering to give her a massage as they lay in bed reading. She grinned at his coyness, a throwback to some former Whitfield. Though she wasn’t in the mood for sex—hadn’t been for years and rarely thought of the possibility—she liked the sound of a massage. Whitfield had actually taken a massage class before she knew him and was quite good at it. She’d made a quick calculation and decided the massage was worth the price of services to follow. She nodded to accept his invitation and went to the bathroom to shed her pajamas and put on a robe. She also slipped in one of the suppositories she kept hidden at the back of her drawer—“the post-menopausal woman’s best friend” it said in bold letters on the back of the box.
She brought back the plush white towels to lay over the sheets and the bottle of massage oil, one of the few toiletries he’d brought with him during the move. Whitfield had already pulled back the covers and helped her spread out the towels. Just before turning out the lights, slipping off her robe, and lying down to receive her enticement, Leah had removed both of her processors and set them in their chargers on the nightstand. To Whitfield’s questioning glance, she’d pointed to the bottle of oil in his hand then to the processors—no need to risk damaging the units that cost a small fortune. “They’re insured,” Whitfield had replied; but by then she was beyond hearing. She’d chosen not to explain her real reason for removing the processors—the hope that in the ensuing touch-punctuated silence, she might find her way back to an earlier innocence of sensation and expression, a long lost realm that might or might not include her hard-laboring aging husband. And she had found her way there, though only sporadically accompanied by the man whose panting breaths she felt first on her back and later on her face and finally buried in her neck.
And it was into that realm that she’d drifted later that morning when the ring of the phone interrupted her reverie. She shook herself out of the lush daydream and rose from the eating counter where a cool cup of coffee and the morning paper sat untended. She figured the call was from Jasper. She’d asked him to check in once he arrived in Italy. In that expectation she put on the armor of her maternal manner.
“Aunt Leah,” the woman’s voice said.
Though the voice was familiar, she couldn’t immediately place it. She was aunt to a half-dozen women on Whitfield’s side, but this voice was clearly a Fulcher. And there were only two nieces on that side—Brooke’s daughters, Jodie and Penni. Penni was in California with her doctor husband and two young children. She always spoke in gleeful exclamations, at least in her greetings. But this voice was low and somber; and with that realization Leah was able to place it as Jodie, Brooke’s elder daughter by her first husband, Onion Howard. “Jodie!” Leah said, confusion and perhaps the residual effects of her daydream clouding her voice.
“I didn’t wake you, did I?”
“No. No. It’s 11:20 here.”
“Here too.”
Leah laughed. “Of course.” Jodie had moved to Atlanta from Seattle following Brooke’s death, along with her partner Andrea. The idea was to be near her Aunt Leah, who had been a kind of surrogate mother during Jodie’s early childhood. The two had re-bonded in the months of Brooke’s illness, and neither could imagine ending that fresh connection in the grief-stricken months after Brooke’s death. But they’d not remained as close as they’d hoped. Andrea and Jodie adopted a five-year-old Korean child who was just starting school; and Leah had drifted off into new despairs that culminated in her decision to move from the place that housed too many ghosts of Jasper’s childhood. Jodie had moved to be near Leah, and Leah had moved away—one more hard burden to bear.
“No, Aunt Leah. I mean I’m here—in North Carolina, in Spring Glade.”
Leah could manage only the tepid response, “What a surprise.”
“Yes. For me too.”
“How’s that?”
“Andrea and I had a fight. I decided I needed a little space. So I just left.”
“Does Andrea know?”
“Oh, yes. She’s the one that told me to go, to ‘get my shit together’.”
Leah laughed. “Never one to mince words.” She liked Andrea, had from the start. One of the reasons she felt comfortable moving away from Atlanta and Jodie was that Andrea had absorbed so many of her duties in and for Jodie’s life.
“I just started driving, had no idea where I was going. Then I knew—I was going to see my Aunt Leah.” She paused and laughed.
That was a new Jodie; that was Andrea’s doing. In that laugh Leah knew she had something to work with, that Jodie wasn’t a total wreck as she’d often been in her adolescence and early adulthood, when a lack of identity had led her into the world of drugs and damaging relationships.
Jodie continued. “Fortunately, I had your new address in my phone. So I called it up and here I am.”
“Where exactly?”
“Outside the Greenskeeper Inn. I’m thinking of checking in—except check-in time is still four hours off and I don’t have any clothes or toiletries.”
“When you leave, you leave!”
“Yeah. A little of the old high-drama Jodie,” she said, followed again by that reassuring laugh.
“You still have my address punched into your phone?”
“Yes.”
“Then get yourself over here. I’ll be waiting.”
“Thanks, Aunt Leah.”
“No thanks required from you, dear—ever.”
After Leah hung up the phone but before she launched herself into a speedy check of the guestroom and its bath, she paused to consider where she’d been before the phone rang. The calming ease of last night’s sumptuous escape had held through last night’s good sleep, Whitfield’s departure, and a quiet morning to herself. And it persisted even now, in the immediate wake of Jodie’s surprise. She wondered what was in the silence that wasn’t in the sound. It was far more than the touch of Whitfield’s fingers and other body parts. But what exactly? She felt decades younger in its enclosure. More than that, she felt of a different essence that led to a different outlook. She recalled her morning on the porch, lost in silence then too. It had started there. But what had started? And where was it taking her? These were questions beyond answering now. So she turned her attention to the guestroom check and Jodie’s imminent arrival—in the sound world.

Instead of waiting on the front stoop as she did for most guests, Leah walked with a quickened pace to meet Jodie as she climbed out of the car. Despite Jodie’s warm grin, it was clear her niece had left in the huff she’d described, with her long brown hair uncombed, her face lacking make up, and wearing loose-fitting black shorts, a mismatched navy blue t-shirt, and flip-flops. The image was a throwback to the teenaged rebellious Jodie, the one who denied even a hint of social conformity or obligation. But the face wasn’t that of a teenager. It still had its pale and winsome beauty, but there were faint lines beside the eyes that Leah hadn’t noticed before. It was with an involuntary shudder that Leah suddenly realized Jodie would be forty in two years.
“Do I look that bad?” Jodie exclaimed.
Leah shook her head. “Cute as ever.”
Jodie said, “You never were any good at lying, Aunt Leah.”
Leah pulled her niece into a long embrace that avoided the challenge. Something about the feel of Jodie’s hair—soft and silky as ever—reminded her of the teetering toddler that would fearlessly run forward and throw herself into her aunt’s welcoming arms. The memory gave rise to a gasp of sadness from the pit of Leah’s being. But sadness at what? She clung to her niece longer than she’d planned to let the flush of feeling dissipate. She finally stepped back, wiping a single tear from her right eye. “You made it,” she said.
“It’s not that far.”
“From the Greenskeeper?”
“From Atlanta.”
Leah laughed. “I know. Whitfield left this morning. You passed him on the way.”
“If I’d known I would’ve waved.” She raised her hand. “Hi, Uncle Whit. Bye, Uncle Whit.”
“You’d have made his day.”
“How is he?”
Leah sighed. “Working too hard. Trying to sell the agency.”
“Andrea says she sees him now and then.” Andrea was also in real estate, working for another company in a job that Whitfield helped her secure.
Leah frowned. “I’m so sorry.”
“For what?”
“For all of it.”
Jodie tilted her head, still not understanding.
“For the fact that the only news you have of your uncle is through Andrea’s chance encounters. For the fact that I left you alone in Atlanta. For the fact that I’ve been here over a year and this is your first visit—and not at my invitation!” This unplanned admission made Leah feel faint.
Jodie stepped forward and put an arm on her aunt’s shoulder. “Whoa. Whoa, Leah. You have nothing to apologize for. Andrea and I could have invited you over just as easily. You set us up in our house. You helped get both of us jobs. You gathered the references and helped with the paperwork on Soo-jung. And you gave us more money than we can ever repay. Why should you feel sorry?”
Leah took a deep breath, grateful for Jodie’s steadying hand and words. “I’m sorry for pulling away from you, Jodie. You remind me so much of your mother and all that we shared many years ago. Without even realizing what I was doing, I slowly withdrew from those sad memories.”
“They said that would happen in Grief Group.”
“You’re still going?”
Jodie nodded.
Early on Leah had gone to Grief Group with Jodie. Then she’d stopped that too. “Well, come on in. I’d offer to take your bag—”
“—but I don’t have one!”
They could both laugh, freeing them to move down the walk toward the house. Along the way, Leah reached out and clutched Jodie’s near hand. She marveled at how soft and vulnerable that skin felt beneath her touch.
By now it was noon, so Leah led Jodie to the kitchen where she made sandwiches while Jodie filled her in on recent events in her life. Soo was off at a summer camp for Korean adoptees, a “cultural affirmation experience.” She and Andrea had attended the orientation and would return at the end of the week for parent “renewal.” Andrea’s real estate work was going well—the Atlanta market was booming—but was maybe too demanding.
“Don’t I know about that,” Leah inserted.
And Jodie’s stage-design consulting work was interesting and stimulating if less than highly lucrative. Most of her jobs were for schools and non-profits.
“But you’re doing O.K.? Financially, I mean,” Leah asked.
“Yes, Mom!” Jodie said, then added with a smile, “And I meet some really interesting people.”
“Really?” Leah asked with a slightly suggestive lilt to her question.
“Not that kind of ‘interesting’ Aunt Leah! Jeez! I mean interesting interesting.”
“Never doubted it.”
“Good!”
Leah loaded the sandwiches and glasses of iced tea onto a tray and carried them out onto the screened porch. Though it was another hot August day, the air was dry and the surrounding pines offered some welcomed shade, leaving the porch warm but pleasant.
Jodie took in a long, audible breath as she gazed across the yard toward the sun-baked fairway. “Ah, North Carolina summers!” she cooed.
“Different from Atlanta’s?”
“You tell me. You lived there a lot longer than I have.”
Leah considered that a moment. “Now that you mention it, yes—they are different. North Carolina’s are more languid, at least in pine country.”
“I thought so,” Jodie said in mock gloating.
“I’m surprised you even remember North Carolina summers.”
“Childhood experiences never leave a girl.”
“So I’m discovering. Come. Eat.”
Jodie sat across from Leah at the glass-topped white wicker table.
“So what’s going on with you and Andrea?”
Jodie sighed. “As much as I’d like to blame Andrea, I think it’s mostly me, brought on by things I see in Andrea.”
“How so?”
“You know, Andrea is so good with Soo. She’s a natural mother. And Soo responds so well to those abilities. I guess I’m jealous.”
“Of their relationship?”
“No. Of Andrea—that she knows without thinking how to be a mother.”
“And you don’t?”
Jodie turned from Leah and stared a long time toward the golf course and the trees beyond. “I never learned,” she said, speaking to those trees and the hazy sky. “All those years I should have been learning—you know, taking it in through my skin—I was too busy fighting with Mom. It was one long endless battle. That’s all I know about mother-daughter relationships—fighting. Then just as I begin to see my way past all that, maybe think about finding something in our relationship besides fighting, Mom dies.” Jodie faced Leah--a bitter twisted grin on her face, her eyes full of sorrow.
Leah thought about her own mother. She’d always been a strong and patient role model, allowing Leah to quickly absorb her skills and be a mother to her wayward sister while they were growing up, and later to her own son. She couldn’t imagine what it would be like not to be a mother. And maybe that’s why she felt so lost right now. “Brooke didn’t know how to be a mother either. You couldn’t have learned that from her.”
“She did alright with the clan.” She was referring to her four half-siblings.
“That was Dave. A good father can cover for a poor mother or vice versa.”
Jodie knew this was true. Her stepfather was loving and gentle and a rock-solid support. But she could never let him in, never let him be her father, no matter how hard he tried—one more way to punish her mother. And her birth father, the hapless Onion remarried on his island home, was always more playmate than parent during their summers together. “Where’s that leave me?”
“With me.” It was a sudden retort, meant as a joke, a simple stating of an obvious fact. But once said, the two words resonated within both women.
Jodie chuckled. “When Andrea told me this morning to go figure out what was wrong—”
“—to get your shit together?”
Jodie was momentarily shocked to hear such language in her aunt’s mouth. “Yeah, those words exactly. I said ‘O.K.’ and just walked out and got in the car and pulled out of the driveway. I had no idea where I was going.”
“Like in the old days with your mom.”
“You remember those too?”
Leah nodded—she saw a few of her niece’s flights, heard about the rest in long and plaintive letters or phone calls from her sister. 
“Why am I still acting like a child at age thirty-eight?”
“It’s who we are—always. Just sometimes we cover it up better than others.”
Jodie nodded. “Well, once I was on the road with nowhere to go except away, I realized there was only one place for me to go. And that place was you.”
“Always here.” She grinned at a sudden recollection. “You remember when you were about thirteen?”
Jodie laughed, knowing exactly what Leah was recalling. “Twelve, actually.”
Leah nodded. “And you ran away from home and ended up on our doorstep in Atlanta.”
“I didn’t know where I was running to then, either. Had a ticket for L.A. but the bus stopped in Atlanta and I got off.” She laughed. “Stayed with you and Uncle Whit for a few days.”
“Then I put you on the bus home.”
“Mom never knew. Thought I was at Jennifer’s all weekend.”
“From North Carolina to Atlanta then.”
“And Atlanta to North Carolina today.”
“Once a child—”
“Always a child.”
“Our blessing.”
“And curse.”
By then they’d finished lunch.

Leah rose early the next morning and by the light of the room’s one bulb carefully packed all her possessions in their proper order into the many zippered pockets of her nylon backpack. She saw in this somehow simple yet complex order a reflection of nature’s simple yet complex order, a Wordsworthian theme if there ever was one. And as she hoisted the pack over her shoulders she felt herself putting on Wordsworth’s mission: to find one’s place in that simple yet complex natural order.
In the kitchen she slid off her backpack and sat at the place laid out specifically for her at the small eating table. Mary set her best version of a “Yank breakfast” before Leah—thick slices of crisp bacon, scrambled eggs, her attempt at grits (yellow cornmeal mush thickened with cream), and one of those ubiquitous biscuit-scones, all served on a warmed stoneware plate. Leah’s eyes glittered with gratitude; and for the first time in a long while she wished she could speak, to tell Mary just how much this attentive hospitality—not just with this breakfast but over the last two days—meant to her.
But Mary, seeing her gaze, smiled and nodded. “I know already,” she mouthed slowly and straight to Leah’s eyes. There was something in the simple act of intentionally speaking to this young woman’s gentle yet alive eyes that made Leah that much more present and endearing. “You have been a gift to me. Please come back whenever you like.”
Leah frowned, not sure she would ever see Mary again. She made a gesture of her one hand above the other, to indicate “I will write,” then laid the message over her heart before extending it to Mary.
“I’d like that,” Mary said.
After breakfast Mary asked Leah about her plans for the day and the rest of her trip. Leah pulled out her map and pointed to a popular trail that took her over some of the highest and most dramatic terrain in the District before descending into a village to the north.
Mary frowned. “That’s beautiful but ambitious, dear. And no place to hide if a squall comes up.”
Leah slid the map in front of Mary.
Mary pointed to a faint dotted line that broke off from the main trail part way in then circled to the same village. “Less travelled, this. But more manageable and safer in case of foul weather. It stays in the valleys, and there are a few huts along the way if you need shelter.”
Leah pointed to the village at the far end.
“It is a hardy day’s trek but doable with an early start, if you keep moving. My Hank’s sister lives there—widow eight years now. She has a spare room and would love the company. I’ll call her.”
Leah shook her head, and pulled out a card with the name and contact info for an inn in the village.
Mary nodded. “Lisa Malcolm’s place. It’s fine but a bit pricey.”
Leah nodded.
Mary said, “Let me give you Mill’s address and number in case you change your mind.”
Leah accepted the card with further thanks, gave Mary a long hug, hoisted her backpack, and set out on her day’s journey just as the sun was clearing the mist-cloistered hills to the east.
Leah was again startled by how active the village was this early—lights on in every house, locals of all ages in the lanes, some pushing carts with wares or produce, others with their heads down hurrying off to who knows what task or employment. She calmly stared at each passing figure, hoping to catch their eyes and offer a nod or smile. This was how she communicated with strangers back home. But few looked up; and those that did glanced away quickly when they saw her gaze, missing her silent greeting. She wondered if any were uttering verbal acknowledgements within their inward turned faces, a cheerful “Good day!” or even a clipped “Aye!” She’d never know, for they hid their mouths as well as their eyes. As much as she desired a true exposure to local culture and experience, she found herself secretly wishing for the sight of a tourist or visiting pilgrim, anyone to return her gaze and acknowledge her existence. But alas none were up this early.
She soon was outside town on a different paved highway from the one she started on yesterday, this one pointed northwest. Though there was a wide walking path beside the vehicle lanes, the onward rush of cars and the occasional lorry gave the otherwise peaceful air a violent stir. She thought of the opening to “The Prelude”: Oh, there is blessing in this gentle breeze, a visitant that while it fans my cheek doth seem half-conscious of the joy it brings . . . . She wondered what Wordsworth would make of the less than gentle gusts stirred by the cars and trucks traversing his sacred hills. Just how much of the poet’s well-chronicled experiences could she hope to reap in this altered domain?
But her doubts faded as she departed the asphalt and vehicle traffic on the well-groomed gravel path that wound off into the hills due north. At first those hills were marked by a fair amount of greenery—low brush and wind-stunted trees—mixed with the gray and rocky clearings of short grasses, moss, and lichens. But as the path wound higher, the brush grew thinner and the vistas starker, hills upon hills stretching off to the horizon with nary a patch of green or a glimmer of blue water to break the mix of grays. She saw in that moment, and felt in her soul, an intimation of Wordsworth’s intimation of immortality, a presence in nature speaking to what a later poet called the “deep heart’s core.” She little understood this feeling, was only vaguely conscious of it; yet the sigh she breathed in a pause to catch her breath went well beyond simply restoring oxygen to her deprived circulatory system. She knew she had found what she’d come for.
But she was also relieved to part from the main trail an hour later, with the sun halfway up the sky and dark gray clouds marching out of the west like a besieging army, onto Mary’s recommended secondary loop, a path that pointed in the general direction of what appeared a valley, or at least the end of ever-rising blank hills, to the northeast. Not only was the walking easier on this path, which headed downhill by gentle slopes occasionally broken by level stretches, but the vegetation gradually returned, a welcome offset to the dominant grays and arriving just in time to neutralize the masking of the sun by those now near solid dark clouds. The air grew suddenly cold as a wind picked up.
She stopped and sat on a rock wall beside the path and slid off her backpack. She unzipped the main pouch and pulled out her windbreaker, unfolded it, and pulled it on over her sweater. She unfurled the nylon hood over her head and tucked it around to cover her face. The darkness and the feeling of her warm breaths bouncing back onto her cheeks reassured her. There was a pervasive loneliness to this landscape that somehow mimicked the loneliness of her ostracized life. Yet beyond the loneliness of the world around her and the world inside her, an all-encompassing heart beat in synchronicity with her own. She would never be alone. She let the hood fall open. The world around her, cloud-shrouded and darker still, was so much brighter than the world inside the hood, teemed with life and hope. A sudden and uncommon burble of laughter burst from her chest and throat and mouth. The sound would have startled and puzzled any listeners within hearing. But in Leah’s silent realm, the feeling it produced resounded far beyond her trembling vocal cords, an affirmation of faith.
She unzipped a side pouch to the pack, took out one of the scones wrapped in oil paper and her water bottle, and ate a snack. Then, with the pack still off, she squatted behind the low wall and relieved herself. Leah never liked to pee in the outdoors, least of all in open terrain. Had she ever urinated in such an exposed place? She couldn’t recall an occasion, and she’d surely have remembered. But as she looked in all directions from her squatting position (“a little late now,” she thought, if she discovered prying eyes), she could only think of Adam and Eve in the Garden after The Fall, trying to hide from God, as if that were possible! In response to the allusion, and in thanks for the blessing of no animate observers, she gave a quick wiggle of her pale butt to the gray sky before pulling up her underwear and jeans. Had Wordsworth ever done that? she wondered with a grin then realized probably so, though the parts he wiggled would have been of a different shape. As she hoisted the pack onto her shoulders, she knew in sighs too deep for words that she was sublimely happy.

After her brief talk with Leah, Jodie was ready to get back in the car and return to Andrea and Atlanta, her crisis of confidence resolved—that fast. But in a phone call to her partner saying as much, Andrea had gently urged her to spend a night or two with the excuse “Don’t want you falling asleep on the road.”
Without covering the mouthpiece on her phone, Jodie had turned to Leah and said, “Andrea says I can’t come home till I get another day or two of therapy. Do you have room on your shrink schedule?”
Leah laughed. “Always room for you.”
“Seriously, Leah. Am I messing up your plans?”
Leah again laughed, though with a touch of irony this time. “Oh, my schedule is booked solid; but I’ll make room.” 
Her wink at the end of the comment freed Jodie to put the phone back to her ear and say, “Just booked a room for two nights at Leah’s Crisis Rehab Center. See you on Wednesday afternoon.”
“I’m counting the hours, Sweet. And dreaming of the two nights we’ll have before we pick up Soo.”
This last caught Jodie off-guard. Somewhere in her crisis of confidence she’d lost sight of the joys and consolations of her lover’s welcoming body. How had that happened? “I can be back by tonight and make it four nights.” She actually blushed when she glanced up at Leah sitting across the kitchen counter.
Andrea giggled from wherever she was some two hundred miles away. “Enjoy your time with your aunt, Sweet; and I’ll partake of the pleasures of anticipation.”
“Do they include chocolate?”
“A surprise.”
“Now I’ll be counting the hours.”
“Good,” Andrea said. “I like that.”
“I love you!”
“I love you too.”
Jodie signed off and turned to Leah. “I’m yours till Wednesday morning, Dr. Leah. Put me right.”
“The doctor says first thing we need to do is get you some clothes, then pick up fixins for dinner.”
“Shrimp stir fry?”
“I thought you were a vegetarian.”
“Added shellfish a couple years ago, when the doctor said I needed a better ‘protein spectrum’. Figured they’d get eaten by bigger animals anyway, so why not me?”
Leah was ashamed that she didn’t know about this change in her niece’s habits. When had she last had her to dinner? But she pushed the recrimination aside. “Actually, I was thinking about dessert.”
“Leah’s banana cake?”
“Read my mind.”
“Yippee!” Jodie ran around the counter and hugged her aunt from behind, almost toppling her from the stool.
“Easy, dear. Let’s keep the doctor in one piece.” But the glow in Leah’s face and the warmth in her heart were of pure joy.

As they walked out of the mall into a sultry gray afternoon, their arms loaded down with bags containing a complete weekend wardrobe for Jodie all paid for by Leah at her unbudging insistence, Jodie asked, “Do you remember buying me that sleeveless evening dress in Richmond?”
Leah grinned and nodded. She’d silently recalled the same incident while Jodie changed into one of her purchases, a loose flowing navy sundress, in the department store’s fitting room. The two of them had taken an impromptu trip to Richmond during a lull in Brooke’s illness three summers before. “There was a dress code for dinner in the hotel’s main dining room.”
“And I hadn’t brought a dress—didn’t even own one, except for that frilly bridesmaid’s dress from Penni’s wedding.”
“But we found one that fit you perfectly at the hotel’s boutique.”
“I worried that it revealed my tattoo.”
“So we got a lace shawl.” Leah opened the trunk and they dropped their bags into its spacious well. As she closed the lid, she glanced at Jodie and saw tears streaming down her cheeks. She couldn’t remember ever seeing her niece cry, not even as a toddler. “What’s wrong?”
Jodie held her hand up.
Leah used the pause to lead her to the passenger door, opened it, and helped her into the seat. She then went to the other side, got into the driver’s seat, and started the car and turned on the air conditioning.
By then Jodie had composed herself and looked to her aunt with a gaze that was both vulnerable and loving. “I’m sorry, Aunt Leah. It’s just that that night at dinner, in that dress, was the first time in my whole life that I felt beautiful.”
“Oh, dear. You’ve always been beautiful!”
“I never felt that way.”
“You were the cutest baby, and an adorable child. Everybody loved you.”
“Not Mom.”
“Brooke loved you.”
“She started dating Dave when I was three. All she wanted was to be with him. Then she started cranking out babies, three boys—and Mom always liked boys more than girls—then precious Penni—‘My shiny new Penni’ Mom would call her. How could I compete with that? I was an awkward teenager and an outsider in the Dave-bred troop.”
Leah was stunned by the succinct accuracy of this summary. Had Jodie been in therapy? Worse, the recollection recalled Leah’s lingering guilt from the period. She’d been able to offer her rebellious niece little support at the time, being caught up in her own life and family in a distant city. “Brooke was spread pretty thin.”
“Mom wanted to put an embarrassing part of her past behind her. Unfortunately, she had me as a constant reminder.”
Leah swallowed her initial, and lifelong, instinct to defend her sister. Brooke, wherever she was, would survive this assault. That’s what Brooke did—survive. “Jodie, you were always beautiful. If it took that night in Richmond to make you aware of the fact, then I’m honored to have been a part of it.”
“Leah, you weren’t part of it. You were it! That whole trip you made me feel like someone who mattered, who could stand up and carry herself and maybe help carry others. Ask Andrea. After that trip, I moved back to Seattle and made a commitment to her, a commitment I’d been afraid to make before.”
Leah shrugged off the praise. “You were ready to take on more responsibility. If I helped show you that, then I’m grateful for the opportunity.” 
Jodie could finally laugh. “Self-effacing Aunt Leah. You sure you and Mom were real sisters? Couldn’t have been much more different.”
Leah gave the question serious consideration, then smiled herself. “Bonded by blood first. Of that I’m sure.” Then she added, “And I’m also sure you always were, and still are, beautiful.” She leaned over and kissed her niece’s near cheek. “And don’t you ever forget it.”
“Yes, Mom,” Jodie said with a petulance from a bygone era.
Leah sat upright, put the car in gear, and headed out the parking lot. During the long silence that ensued, she pondered how circumstances beyond one’s control or choosing—life!—could dominate one’s sense of self long after the events had passed.

The next day they were just finishing lunch when the front doorbell rang. 
Leah had told Jodie about her young substitute housekeeper; and Jodie was anxious to meet this girl that mixed deference with defiance, pride with submission in plying her humble trade. What would Jodie have done in a similar circumstance, not than Brooke would’ve ever let her swab out someone else’s toilets or empty their trash? But maybe it would have been good for her, cut through the fluff and self-indulgence of her adolescent rebellion.
Neesa smiled at Leah but quickly averted her eyes as Jodie stepped forward with her hand extended.
Jodie said, “Hi! I’m Jodie, Leah’s niece.”
Neesa didn’t lift her eyes but took that hand reluctantly and held it loosely before withdrawing hers and saying, “I’ll get to work now.” She slid past the women, headed for the laundry.
Leah glanced at Jodie and shrugged, mouthing She’s shy.
Jodie watched till Neesa had disappeared down the hall to the bedroom wing, then said in a low voice, “I like her, but we have to get rid of that apron.”
Leah tilted her head. “Etta always wears an apron. It keeps her dress clean.”
“It’s a sign of subservience, Leah.”
Now Leah was genuinely puzzled.
“White woman, black maid. This isn’t the nineteenth century, Leah. You aren’t Scarlett O’Hara.” Jodie’s voice slowly rose in volume.
Leah raised her finger to her lips, then whispered, “I never thought I was. I pay them well, even for days when I’m out of town and they can’t come over. I treat them with respect. I can’t help it if most housekeepers are black and I’m white.”
Jodie nodded, then leaned over and gave her aunt a hug. “I’m sorry. I well know how generous you are. It’s not you. It’s the system. And I hate to see someone so young buying into it.”
A vacuum whined from the far end of the house. Leah exhaled in relief, sure now that Neesa couldn’t hear them. “I can’t change history, Jodie. I can only treat those I meet with kindness.”
“That’s how you change history—that and getting rid of the symbols of suppression.”
“I didn’t ask her to wear that apron.”
“But you can ask her not to.”
Leah said nothing, stared out the entry sidelight to the brilliant sun reflected off the concrete drive.
Jodie leaned forward and hugged her aunt. “Got to run to the mall. Do you need anything?”
Leah looked surprised but shook her head.
Jodie explained, “I’ve got to get a present for Andrea.” She winked. “Ever try chocolate massage oil?”
Leah feigned shock. “I don’t think they have that in our small-town mall.”
“You haven’t looked hard enough! Trust me.” She gave a parting laugh, grabbed her canvas purse and sunglasses off the entry table, and headed out into the burning day, leaving Leah to ponder what had just transpired.

That night they sat on the screened porch in the encroaching twilight. They’d just finished generous slices of Leah’s banana cake, which both agreed was even better the second day. Prior to dessert Jodie had prepared and cooked falafel burgers on the shiny new grill Whitfield had bought at the start of the summer, and Leah had added a butterfly pasta salad with avocado, red and orange bell peppers, and fresh Rainier cherries in a balsamic and rosemary oil vinaigrette. Sated and basking in the glow of all that delicious food, they now sat in silence sipping herbal tea and watching the fireflies emerge in force, winking randomly or perhaps not beyond the screens and out across the fairway. Both felt a mix of joy, at having renewed their old bond, and sadness, at having to end it tomorrow, so soon.
Leah wondered if Jodie was now more a daughter or a sister. She’d been a daughter from her earliest years, when Leah babysat for hours and days on end as Brooke returned to school and active—very active—dating. And she’d remained a daughter, if only an occasional one, through her rebellious teenage years and tumultuous young adulthood. And she’d remained a daughter through their mutual ministrations during Brooke’s dying and in the grieving that followed. But now Jodie was a mother herself, and Leah perhaps a newborn child or at least on a new frontier in her life. While she wasn’t ready to reverse roles and let Jodie be the mother, it was clearly time to see each other in a new light, and that meant seeing herself in a new reflection of Jodie, one needing as much or more than she could give. Despite this moment’s calm and apparent peace, this transition was a frightening prospect to Leah.
For her part, Jodie felt torn. Despite her aunt’s outward poise and confidence, she clearly saw how lonely and confused Leah was. Here she’d brought her own chaos from Atlanta only to discover a deeper desperation that put her challenges in perspective. She could untangle her doubts with the help and hope Andrea and Soo so abundantly provided; Leah’s needs were much more complex and not readily decipherable. Worse, while she wanted to help her aunt and knew she owed her that and more, she was anxious to return to her family and felt guilty for that urge.
“How much do you miss Mom?”
Leah’s initial thought was always, then she paused and wondered when she’d last thought of Brooke before Jodie had arrived. She said, “A lot” though in a barely audible whisper.
“I’ll hear her voice at the strangest times, like when I’m scolding Soo for making a mess or standing up to protest at a PTSA meeting. Times when I hear Mom’s voice come out of my mouth are the strangest things. I think I should hate myself for sounding like her, but mostly what I feel is an appreciation for her sheer force of will.”
“A will you matched, and still do.”
“Who would have thought it?”
“Me, for one. I always saw you as Brooke’s mirror. You were too much alike. That’s what made it so hard.”
“I would’ve stopped talking to you if you’d told me that even five years ago.”
“Why do you think I never told you till now?”
“Always wise Aunt Leah.”
Leah scoffed. “Look where it’s brought me.”
Jodie saw this as a tough admission and didn’t try to dismiss it. “So how do you fix it?”
Leah laughed. “That’s what Brooke would say—that blunt and demanding.”
“Well?”
Leah stared out into what was now full dark. They’d not turned on any lights during the sunset and dusk; so now they sat in dark almost as dense as the outdoors, with only diffuse light from the kitchen illuminating the porch in a pale glow. “I don’t—.” Leah’s voice faltered. She didn’t try to complete her sentence as the tears streamed down her cheeks. She was glad for the privacy of the dark.
Jodie said, “Find the gifts that are offered.”
Leah wiped her tears away and said quietly, “Did Brooke say that?”
“No, you did—fifteen years ago when you visited me in Seattle.”
Leah remembered the trip. Brooke had pleaded with her to set aside her life and young son to visit Jodie and try to help her through one of her many rough patches. But she didn’t recall offering those words of advice. “Did it work?”
“What do you think?”
“Maybe took a while, but yes—very much yes!”
“Now that’s Mom speaking!”
That freed them both to laugh, the sound carrying out to the flashing fireflies and the dark woods beyond.

Not long after her mid-morning snack, it started to rain, cold drops that the gusting wind blew sideways, stinging her left cheek. She pulled on the string circling the windbreaker’s hood till it left only a small circle for her eyes and nose. She tied the string in a shoelace knot, a task that was surprisingly difficult due to the unfamiliar orientation and with her fingers cold and quickly soaking wet.
Once the hood was secured, she took a few deep breaths to calm her racing heart. The rain, which she’d hoped would calm after the initial squall, seemed to be intensifying; and the view of the trail grew hazy in the wind-blown downpour, and disappeared altogether no more than ten meters out. All the guides had warned of such squalls on the Cumbrian heights, and Mary’s furrowed brow this morning had confirmed those risks. But Leah’s unspoken response to these warnings had always been If Wordsworth can endure these challenges, so can I. In such earlier considerations, she’d even been so bold as to hope for a sudden squall (if only a brief one), presuming that such an experience was integral to a full absorption of nature’s awesome power and the spirit mysteries that lay inside it. But such mental negotiations were easy in the warmth and comfort of her Oxford room or Mary’s well-lit kitchen. Alone in the midst of the storm, philosophical ruminations disappeared and courage was strikingly scarce.
Leah weighed her options. Without pulling out her map and ruining it in the torrent, she guessed that she was somewhat less than halfway to her village destination. The good news was that Mary had indicated that once on this secondary path, it would be easy to follow, with no chance of a wrong turn to some isolated field or abandoned quarry. But surely Mary was assuming a degree of visibility that was presently lacking. If she came to a fork in the path, how could she be sure which to choose? And even if the path remained unambiguous, it would be a long and solitary slog through this wilderness. Mary had said there were some summer cottages and hunters’ cabins along the path, but how could she hope to find them in this weather? And if she did get lucky enough to find one, would it be open?
The alternative would be to turn around and return to the former village by this morning’s route. If all went well, she’d get back in mid-afternoon; and Mary would surely provide a warm shower and some dry clothes. But that would be to admit defeat, to acknowledge that the storms that Wordsworth and countless others had so frequently endured were too tough for her to tolerate. Alongside this intellectual fear of failure was a more compelling worry—if the squall was this violent down here in the close valley, how harsh would it be on the exposed ridgetop she’d traversed in the sun a few hours before?
Leah resolved that she’d push on north, toward the goal she’d set for herself. She turned in that direction and continued her trek. And though the wind gusted, viciously twisting the branches to either side of the path, and the drops managed to find their way to the small circle of her face left open at the center of her rain hood, she realized that she was on this occasion glad her deafness spared her the terror sound would give to the storm. Though Wordsworth had vividly described such auditory assault in “The Prelude” and elsewhere, her mind summoned lines from Cowper:
Obscurest night involved the sky,
The Atlantic billows roared,
When such a destined wretch as I,
Washed headlong from on board,
Of friends, of hope, of all bereft,
His floating home forever left.
There was consolation to be had in silence, and even more such in recollected lines of verse. Leah’s northbound strides adopted a surprising spring, almost skipping despite the tempest and the weight of the pack across her shoulders, a sure sign to the world and to herself that she was not truly alone on this trail.
And she was still almost skipping a short time later as she rounded a bend in the path when she was struck violently from behind, the force of the blow throwing her into the brush beside the trail where her head struck a large rock causing a sudden and complete loss of consciousness, an obscurest night all her own.

She woke on a bed. At least it seemed a bed. Her body was laid out horizontal, on her back, and not on the ground or a floor but somewhat up in the air by the sense of space all the way around her. But the feel of whatever she was laid upon was unfamiliar, lacking the softness of any mattress or cushion she’d known yet not hard like wood or cold like metal. Her bones and muscles informed her that there was a little give to whatever it was she rested on, though very little.
She thought it time to open her eyes yet was afraid to. She was not afraid of what she might see or discover. Something about the feel of this place suggested safety, however unlikely that seemed. No, she feared the pain and the dizziness sight would bring, sensing that she’d opened her eyes some number of times already, only to be greeted by sparks of light and pain and a return to black unconscious. It seemed safer to remain in the dark for now, and so remain conscious.
Without sight or sound, the means of exploring her surroundings would be few to most. Yet Leah was well-acquainted with such a challenge, came upon it every time she closed her eyes or woke in the depth of night. Her hands resting to either side slowly opened and her fingers extended, discovering that the surface she rested on was made of a coarse canvas fabric. Moving her right hand farther, she found the stitching of a seam in the canvas and discovered it stretched over a square wooden rail. As her hands made their subtle explorations, she drew air through her nose and smelled wood smoke tinged with a thick dampness, like a cottage at the seashore or a basement room closed up too long. The air she breathed was warm, too hot for the layers of damp clothing that clung to her skin like a wet blanket.
Leah felt suddenly claustrophobic, confined in too small a space defined by a few strong sensations. It was an irrational fear she’d often had as a child on waking in the dark. Her mother kept a nightlight by her bed, but sometimes it would burn out or the power would go off. Over time she’d learned to rein in this fear, replacing it with the curious discoveries made through touch and smell and taste. But in this strange and unknown setting, in some pain and sizable discomfort, her childhood fear returned with a vengeance. She opened her eyes and rose up on her elbows in a vehement response to the terror. She saw the silhouette of a man against the flickering glow of a fire before everything went black again.

Someone put water to her lips and a cool cloth to the ache above her right temple. This combination of gestures brought her back to a waking state that seemed, for the moment, more secure than the one she’d departed. That sense of safety allowed her to open her eyes, though without rising on her elbows. This time she could keep them open through the sudden flashes of light and dizzying swirl. Those distractions cleared after some seconds. A hand brought the stoneware cup again to her lips. The fingers on that hand, so close to her eyes, were pale, the skin appearing profoundly soft, the nails close cut and impeccably clean. Who but God could own a hand like this?
Well, the same one that could tilt the cup too far and spill frigid water down her cheek and neck and under the already damp collar of her sweater. Leah turned away in shock and annoyance, and that sudden movement threatened to throw her again into unconscious. But something about that hand, the gentleness it radiated, helped her hold on consciousness. She closed her eyes, by choice this time, and waited for the dizziness to subside. Then she took a slow deep breath, exhaled, took another. Then she opened her eyes.
A young man stood above her, looking down but with his eyes turned slightly to the side, as if in deference or shyness. He had dark curly hair, pale skin, a small mouth and nose, and eyes that, though looking away, still caught the firelight and twinkled. His lips were moving rapidly in what she recognized as the sign of apology and embarrassment. She encountered those rapid lips often, though usually after someone discovered she was deaf. This time the fluster must be due to the spilled water and her response to his ministrations. From her recumbence, she smiled up at him and waited for his eyes to come around to hers.
Which they did after a time, though not before he’d stumbled through several more silent apologies or defenses. During this interim, Leah further studied his features. She found them lovely, the loveliest thing she’d ever seen, an attraction only reinforced by his charming perturbation. As his disquiet slowly eased, his lips stopped moving and his eyes ventured a glance directly at her. By now, he was curious why she hadn’t spoken.
Her smile broadened and she nodded ever so slightly, not wanting to prompt another dizzy spell, in a gesture meant as both greeting and reassurance. How could it be, she wondered, that she, flat on her back and injured and helpless, needed to reassure the ambulatory figure standing above her? At first his eyes shied away, then slowly returned. She wanted to rise up on her elbows in a more vigorous greeting but feared that would be too great an effort. Instead she kept her head on whatever pillow cushioned it, brought her two hands together over her chest, and made a writing gesture of one hand’s fingers above the open palm of the other—Give me pencil and paper. Her smile and flickering eyes of her own added a conciliatory, Please.
The young man seemed confused by her gestures, tilted his head to one side in unconscious sign language all his own.
So Leah repeated her request, moving her hands more slowly and deliberately—Something to write on, please!
This time he grasped her meaning and nodded vigorously, relieved to have finally understood a sign from his charge. He turned and disappeared into the shadows beyond the fire’s glow, then came back with a small pad with spiral binding at the top, as might be used by a reporter taking notes, and a pencil with a dull lead. He held both objects toward her with palms upturned and brought together, as a magi extending gifts.
The gesture and the image it recalled made Leah laugh, an action that caused her head to swirl and so startled the man that he dropped the pencil and, in trying to catch it, dropped the pad. He bent beyond Leah’s sight to retrieve the lost items. She was glad for this brief pause as it allowed her to close her eyes and clear the dizziness. When she reopened them, the man was kneeling at her bedside, his face only slightly above hers and no more than a foot away. And he held forth both pencil and pad in one hand, the objects secure within his pale and soft fingers’ grasp.
His sudden proximity startled Leah and somewhat frightened her. But his solicitous gaze defused her alarm. He had such a timid visage; and his eyes were gentle to the point of being sad, even mournful. Despite her own vulnerable position, how could she fear that?
She rolled slightly toward him and took the pencil and pad. Though the effort was awkward in her prone position, she managed to open the pad and turn it sideways, giving her more room to write, which she did in three more or less parallel lines of simple block script: I am deaf. I can read lips. Speak to my eyes. She turned the pad for him to better read her message.
But he’d already read it, following each letter as her hand and fingers crafted it. As such he’d had a brief interlude in which to process his surprise then incorporate this information into all his earlier confusion at the unorthodox behavior of this beautiful young woman that had landed in the middle of his solitary life. Still, his reticence and residual confusion made it difficult for him to fulfill her simple request. He looked down as he said, “Oh.”
Leah dropped the pad on her chest and reached across the short distance to the man’s chin and gently turned it to face her.
He shied from her touch but let her move his head till his eyes rested on hers.
She smiled at him and nodded ever so slightly with her head still on the pillow. She released his chin—though reluctantly; his skin was so soft!—and took hold of the pad and wrote: My name is Leah Fulcher.
The man nodded, this time holding on her eyes. “Michael,” he said slowly.
Leah wrote: Like the archangel.
Michael laughed. “Like my father and his father before him.”
The third?
He nodded. “Michael Harrington the Third.”
And last?
He shrugged. “We’ll see.”
Leah turned to a fresh page and wrote: I was walking in the storm.
He said in a rush, almost too fast for her to follow, “I came up behind you on my bike. I shouted to warn you. But you didn’t move and I couldn’t stop in time.”
Your bike struck me?
“And me too, I’m afraid. I came over the handlebars and landed atop you. I’m sorry.”
I padded your fall. Leah smiled.
“I caused yours. I’m sorry. I didn’t know you couldn’t hear my warning.”
Leah nodded. Where are we?
“My grandparents’ country cottage. Dad inherited it. I’m using it during summer break.”
Break?
“From school—medical training.”
You’re a doctor?
“A med student, third year. I came here to assess my future.”
Leah paused then turned to another page: You don’t want to be a doctor?
“I don’t know, really. My father is a doctor, and his father before him. I need to know if this is my goal or theirs.”
Leah nodded. So what’s my diagnosis, Doctor?
He smiled—not at her condition but at the salutation. No one had ever called him, or written of him, Doctor. “Pretty straight forward, really. No broken bones or bodily bruise I can see.” He glanced at her still fully clothed body then blushed suddenly and looked away. He finished in a stammer she couldn’t fully read but gathered the gist. “You have a gash on your head and probable concussion.”
How bad is the cut? She clearly felt where the wound was—on the top of her head above the right temple. But she didn’t dare reach up to touch it for fear of what she might find there.
“Three centimeters long and not too deep. The bleeding has stopped.”
She nodded. Stitches?
“Not essential but recommended to minimize the bleeding and expedite healing.”
Leah smiled. You really are a doctor!
Michael blushed again. “Sorry for the med speak. You should get stitches.”
How many?
“Two minimum, four preferred.”
Three.
“Three?”
A compromise between pain and vanity.
Michael laughed. “If I could get you to a med station, you could tell them that.”
You can’t?
“We are four hours’ walk from the nearest town. You can’t manage that today, even if the storm lifts.”
Car?
He shook his head. “No roads out here. That’s why I was on my bike.”
Phone?
“No phone or electricity in The Cut. And no other occupied cottages hereabouts, not mid-week.”
Leah turned a page on the pad. You could go get help.
“My bike now has two bent rims. I keep a spare, but not two. I’d have to walk out—five or six hours before I could get back with help. You shouldn’t be left alone that long.”
Doctor’s orders?
Again, Michael smiled. “Bedrest and close monitoring”—he blushed and turned away but finished his sentence—“for twelve to twenty-four hours.”
And the stitches?
He shrugged. “Not essential to your well-being.”
But recommended.
“Sure, but—.”
So you will have to do them.
His eyes flared in surprise. “Me?”
You have seen it done?
“I have stitched wounds.”
So why not me?
“That was on dogs while working for a vet two summers ago.”
Leah grinned. Experience enough!
“I haven’t needle or surgical thread.”
Do you have my pack?
Michael reached beside her cot and lifted the heavy pack with one hand.
She nodded. There is a travel kit with needle and thread.
“Really?” He was either shocked or impressed, perhaps both.
A long-ago gift from my world-traveling aunt, carried for good luck.
He laughed. “Till now.”
Till now. She rose on her elbows and struggled to sit up before growing dizzy and falling back.
Michael dropped the backpack and slid his arm behind her shoulders before she hit the pillow. He watched her eyes to see that she was still conscious, then gently raised her to a sitting position, steadying her with his arm behind her neck and his hand gently gripping her far shoulder.
Leah closed her eyes and took several deep breaths to calm her spinning head, then slowly opened her eyes. After a minute, she could face him and nod thanks. With his continued support, she eased her legs off the side of the cot and sat upright with Michael still kneeling before her, his arm across her shoulders. So positioned, his face was level with hers and quite close. She gazed straight at him and waited for his eyes to meet hers. When they finally did, she made a funny face by twitching her lips from side to side.
He laughed at the look. “I guess you are not going to faint!”
She shook her head slowly. The action hurt a little but didn’t threaten her consciousness.
“Can I let you go?”
She made another exaggerated gesture, this time of reluctance—Well . . .
He laughed but held her still.
After a long pause, her expression sobered and she nodded for him to release her.
He took his arm from her shoulders, watching carefully to be sure she was stable. When he saw she was, he stood before her. He picked up the pack and set it on the cot.
She unzipped one of the small pockets on the side and pulled out a small metal case, released the clasp, and extended the sewing kit to him.
He took out the needle and nodded but seemed doubtful about the thin cotton thread. Then his eyes lit up. He set the kit on the cot and went to the far side of the room.
This gave Leah a chance to survey her surroundings. Her cot (she already thought of it as “hers,” a peculiar presumption given her circumstances) was along the back wall of a large low-ceilinged room. The walls, including the one within arm’s reach behind the cot, were of rough stone. Two of the four walls were uninterrupted except by a few framed pictures that she couldn’t discern in the dim light. The wall to her right had a metal cook stove with a chimney pipe rising from its back and extending out the sidewall. The fourth wall, the apparent front of the cottage, had a wooden door at its center, flanked by small windows to either side. These windows provided the only natural light for the room, and that light was rather sparse at the moment with rain still falling outside. Besides her cot, the only other furniture in the room was a small wooden table with two ladder-back chairs near the stove, a taller table holding a galvanized metal tub and a smaller porcelain basin beside it, and a wooden rocker with a cloth seat cushion and back near the window to the right of the door. There were no other doors opening to other rooms. And, Leah immediately noted, there was no door or screen indicating a bathroom.
Michael returned from fussing near some shelves to the left of the stove. He was led forth by the light of an oil lamp with a tall, smoke-smudged glass chimney. In his other hand, he held out a spool of fishing line. “Monofilament.”
Leah looked confused.
“Plastic fishing line. Stronger and safer for your stitches.”
She nodded. She’d almost forgot that this dream was real and that the cause for her to be in this charming hovel was the wound on her head. With that thought the cut began throbbing again. She felt a fresh trickle of blood. She needed stitches.
He hung the lantern from a hook suspended from the ceiling directly over the head of the cot.
She realized this must be his light for bedtime reading. She looked from the lantern to her doctor’s intent gaze.
“Ready?”
She scrunched up her nose as if in reluctance and hesitation but then relaxed her features and nodded. She’d never been operated on without anesthesia. She’d never been operated on at all except for the removal of her tonsils when she was six, and she could still smell the ether that had put her to sleep then. But this day, this entire trip, was full of unprecedented moments. That is what she’d come for, after all. So let’s add stitches in a primitive operating room to the mix. It really was perfect!
Michael gestured for her to bow her head and turn it slightly to the left. He gently patted the cut with an alcohol dampened cloth. Where had that come from? The smell of alcohol suddenly filled the room at the exact same moment the sting to her wound made sparks fly past her line of sight.
He saw her flinch and raised the cloth. She figured he was also apologizing profusely in words she couldn’t hear but kept her eyes down so as not to further fluster him or disrupt his procedure.
He again wiped the cut, and she didn’t flinch this time. He set the cloth on the cot then very gently pulled her hair back to either side of the cut.
She felt more blood rise in the cut. She wanted to reach up and daub it away but resisted the impulse. He was the doctor. She had to trust him. And she realized—affirmed, really—that she did trust him, totally. However foolhardy this choice might seem to Brooke or her mother or just about anyone else she could think of, it was her choice, her intuition, her vulnerability, her risk. If she were caught up in a romantic novel of fate’s making, then she was going to be completely caught up in it, no hedging of her bets or her heart. Wasn’t that the story of her whole life? Above the pervasive scent of alcohol, she now smelled the distinctive odor of Sulphur and charcoal—a lit match. She recalled sterilizing a sewing pin with a match before taking a blood oath with Brooke in their tree house in the backyard. What had the oath been for? She couldn’t recall. The smell of sulphur and the prick of the pin were all that lingered in her memory—well, that and her blood bond to her sister. Where was Brooke at this moment? What would she think about her wounded little sister? Brooke would have carried her on her back to the nearest med station before letting pale boy doctor trainee touch her sister, let alone stich her up. That was so Brooke! Just let the world come to you for once, girl! It’s so much more interesting that way.
Just then the needle pierced her scalp. Yow! She wondered if she said it or just heard it in her mind. It didn’t matter. That needle hurt!
But she held her head steady by biting at her lower lip and fiercely gripping the cot’s wooden side rail. The needle made a second puncture, on the opposite side of the cut. There was a moment’s relief from the sharp pain as Michael pulled the sides of the wound together and made the stich’s knot. Then he repeated the sequence at the opposite end of the cut. If anything, this stitch hurt more, perhaps because she was dreading the actions. But still she held still. On the final stitch, while clamping down ever harder on the rail and tasting new blood from a cut in her lower lip, she summoned from the teeming mist that enveloped her the opening lines from Milton’s Samson Agonistes: A little onward lend thy guiding hand to these dark steps, a little further on.
Then it was over. She opened her eyes and raised her head.
Michael was standing above her, the needle with clipped fishing line dangling in one hand, the blood red cotton pad clutched in the other. She half-expected him to be clad in a blood-soaked white apron as worn by nineteenth century battlefield surgeons. But no. He had on a simple flannel shirt in a red and blue tartan pattern, no visible staining though he’d rolled up the sleeves. But what mainly held her attention, once her eyes rose that high, was the pale, almost luminous skin of his cheeks perfectly contrasted by his dark and soft and sad eyes. She could smile at those eyes, a smile from somewhere deeper inside herself than she even knew existed, a smile meant as both thanks and welcome. The cause for thanks was obvious enough; but welcome to whom, to where?
Then she fainted.

Neesa arrived that Friday at one. When Leah opened the door, she uttered a gasp of surprise. Gone were the black slacks and t-shirt with the white maid’s apron, replaced by gray exercise pants and matching shirt, each with a teal stripe running along both sides from ankle to the end of the three-quarter sleeves of the shirt. Gone too was Neesa’s frizzy hair kept somewhat in line by a glistening oil, replaced now by neat cornrows pulled tight to her skull.
After taking a few seconds to fully apprise the made-over teenager, Leah said, “Don’t you look spiffy.”
Neesa laughed. “Spiffy?”
“Sorry. A word from long ago. How about sleek or stylish?”
“Can a maid look stylish?”
“You do.”
“Thanks, Miss Leah.”
“Leah.”
Neesa nodded but didn’t repeat the word.
“Etta decide to reform your look?”
“Grandma don’t know.”
Leah looked perplexed.
“Changed at Macdonald’s.”
“The hair?”
“Grandma helped with that.”
“So why the new clothes?”
“Miss Jodie gave them to me and made me promise to wear them. Say you want me to wear them.”
“She did?”
Neesa nodded. “Say you want me to stop being a house servant and start being a proud young woman.”
“Hmm.”
“A proud young black woman.”
Leah sighed.
“You didn’t say that?”
“Sometimes Jodie knows my thoughts before I do.”
“But you like the outfit?”
At that moment the young woman standing before her seemed so fragile and vulnerable that Leah almost burst into tears. Instead, she exclaimed, “I love the outfit!” She leaned forward and gave Neesa a long hug. The girl didn’t return the embrace, but neither did she shy from the touch of her employer.
When Leah stepped back, Neesa grinned in the best acknowledgement Leah could’ve hoped for and said, “Let’s see if these new threads make me work any faster!”
Leah stepped aside to let her housekeeper in.

During their mid-afternoon snack of fresh-squeezed lemonade and the last slices of banana cake from earlier in the week, Neesa said, “Miss Jodie also give me dance clothes.”
“Dance?”
Neesa nodded.
“I didn’t know you danced.”
“All I want to do.”
“You never told me.”
“You never ask.”
“But you told Jodie.”
“No.”
“Then how?”
Neesa shrugged. “She give me a full outfit—slippers, leggings, shorts, top. She say, ‘Shine’.”
“Shine.”
Neesa nodded.
“What kind of dance do you do?”
“Most types—jazz, tap, modern, improv. But my favorite is classical ballet.” She spoke the last two words with a kind of awe, as if they didn’t really belong in her mouth.
“I love classical ballet,” Leah said wistfully, echoing Neesa’s passion. While serving on the Arts advisory board at Jasper’s high school, she’d help start the school’s dance troupe. There was one girl in that troupe, a bi-racial student named Adele, whose natural talent and innate grace gave ample justification to her many hours of mundane fund-raising and administrative duties. Last she’d heard, Adele was in New York trying to dance her way into one of the major companies.
“I bet you danced,” Neesa volunteered.
Leah tilted her head. “Why would you say that?” She glanced over her arms, waist, thighs—none over-large for her age but all fleshy with the accumulations of the decades.
“You move so smooth.”
Leah stammered, “Thank you.” She wasn’t sure, but she guessed she was blushing before this girl’s unexpected compliment. “I did love to dance, long ago.”
“What happened?”
Leah sighed, recalling how while in high school she would follow the dance classes from behind the observation mirror, precisely mimicking the movements to music she couldn’t hear. “I was deaf. Can’t dance to music you can’t hear.” She flinched at the admission, assuming that Neesa would now look at her differently for her former handicap.
“Seems like the purest form—dancing to imagined music.”
Leah looked at her. “Really?”
Neesa nodded. “Totally free.”
Leah marveled at the insight. “That’s what I felt in my heart, but no one else agreed. I danced at my debutante ball with my sister as partner and lead. After that, I never danced again.”
“You should.”
Leah laughed. “I don’t think this old body could take the strain!”
“Light stuff. Easy on the body. Make you feel beautiful.”
“I’m not already?” Leah teased.
Now it was Neesa’s turn to blush, though the response was hidden by her dark skin. She looked down and said, “More beautiful.”
Leah wanted to hug this girl again but restrained herself. Instead, she asked, “So where do you dance?”
“Nowhere now. I was on the team in Baltimore; but now I don’t know where I’m going to school, or if they’ll have a dance team.”
“You must make sure they do.”
Neesa snickered. “I don’t have any say in the matter.”
“Make it happen, Neesa. It’s what you love.”
“Enough for Miss Jodie to see?”
Leah nodded. “Miss Jodie is a pretty perceptive girl.”
“Like her aunt.”
“More than her aunt.”

When Leah woke late afternoon sun was pouring through the two windows at the front of the cottage. These rays cast the entire room in a golden glow that seemed to have substance, that mixed with dust and smoke from the fading fire to suffuse the atmosphere with a tangible warmth, a breathing presence as if the small space were alive.
But was she? Leah suddenly wondered.
She lay on her back on the cot set against the back wall. A rough wool blanket covered her body up to her neck, and her head rested on a pillow. But for just a moment upon waking, she could feel nothing of her body. All she felt was the room pulsing, breathing around her, the golden glow soft and warm and oh so enticing.
Then she felt the throbbing of her skull, followed by the stiffness and ache in what seemed every joint in her body—her knuckles slowly flexing beneath the blanket, her wrists, her shoulder, her knees and ankles and feet. In flexing her feet she discovered her toes moved freely. Her boots were gone, and her feet were encased in dry socks. This realization in turn accentuated the fact that the rest of her clothes, particularly the jeans covering her legs and the top of her sweater around her neck and shoulders, were damp and clammy.
So she wasn’t dead. But was she somehow paralyzed? She wanted to lift her head off the pillow, to rise up on her elbows to better view the room or maybe even swing her legs off the cot and onto the floor, whatever kind of floor might lie below. But just then she couldn’t make her upper body respond to her instructions to rise up. Her aching skull remained flat on the pillow.
The door opened, letting much more light and air into the room and instantly dissipating the warm and living glow that had prevailed previously. Michael stepped through the door, bringing a new warm and living glow all his own.
He said something from the threshold she couldn’t read but reinforced the spoken words with a smile. This lightened her heart and scattered her fears. He had an armload of wood but his shirtsleeves were rolled up to his elbows, contrasting the pale skin of his hands and forearms against the dark shades of the wood and the darker tartan plaid of his flannel shirt. His mouth moved again as he walked across the room and set the wood beside the fireplace.
During these actions, Leah managed to roll her head on the pillow and slightly rock her shoulders; so she knew she wasn’t paralyzed. Still, her entire upper body felt anchored to the cot, weighed down by some invisible force.
Michael came and stood beside the bed. He said, “Your joints are swollen from the accident. Your body is beginning its healing even though you probably feel like you’ve been run over by a lorry.”
Leah managed a grin. She wished she could sign “truck”—a big semi-rig hauling a load of bricks. That’s what she felt she’d been hit by, not diminutive Michael on his now ruined bicycle. Her hands moved under the blanket to begin the sign, but she surrendered the effort that he wouldn’t be able to decipher anyway. Besides, her arms hurt when she moved them. She struggled to lift her head and got it about an inch above the pillow before being forced to let it fall back.
“Woah,” Michael said and put his hand out to halt her. He knelt beside the cot and slid his arm beneath the pillow. He gently raised her head and upper body then put a rolled up blanket against the wall beneath the pillow so that her head and chest were now at an angle to the cot.
The process caused Leah’s muscles to ache and her head to throb; but once those pains passed and she found herself upright against the wall, she opened her eyes and found most of the pain and dizziness had dispersed. She nodded thanks to her attendant—at that moment he seemed more nurse than doctor, at least in her American conception of those tasks. She pulled her hands from beneath the blanket and gestured for her pad and pencil.
He lifted them from the floor beside the cot and handed them to her.
She wrote, How long have I been out?
“Two hours about. The storm has passed. It is a warm and beautiful evening.” He spoke these words slowly and to her eyes, reminded by the pad of her deafness. He flushed at having forgot so significant a handicap in favor of her visible charms.
The wound?
He stood then stepped closer to look at the stitched gash, very gently pulled her hair aside to view it better.
Leah grit her teeth but didn’t move.
Michael stepped back to where she could read his lips. “No bleeding. The stitches are tight and holding.” He nodded. “Should be good as new in a few days.”
Had a good doctor.
He beamed. “Have.”
She nodded and wrote Thank you.
“I caused the injury. Least I can do is sew you back up.”
Leah remembered his earlier reticence and wrote As long as I bring my own needle.
He shrugged. “Socialized medicine at Michael’s Hospital.”
She actually laughed, an act she rarely risked in the presence of another.
But Michael didn’t look shocked, in fact returned the gesture with a laugh of his own—if she only could hear it!
The exchange spread a warmth to her heart that further loosened her stiff and aching joints. By now she was fully awake from the slumber and the fall. She wrote You changed my socks.
Michael blushed and stammered, looking down, “Only your socks!”
Leah reached up her near hand and lifted his chin and nodded to his eyes—It’s O.K. She’d not for an instant worried that he’d done anything inappropriate during her unconscious. Such a possibility would never enter her head, even this one jarred by the fall. Nor would she for many years to come ask the logical corollary—was this total trust in humanity healthy or foolhardy? It simply was who she was. She wrote, once the momentarily charged air had stilled, I would like to get out of these wet clothes. After she finished the sentence, she looked about the open room and confirmed that there was no other room to change in or screen to change behind.
“I saw you had a change of clothes in your pack.” Again he blushed, perhaps at the perceived impropriety of having looked through her pack, maybe at the chance glimpse of her spare undergarments.
Leah marveled at one so shy and reticent, so different from his American counterparts who would have used their glimpse into her private possessions as an excuse to tease or raise an eyebrow in a suggestive dare. In fact this entire incident would have been so different had it occurred back in the States with its culture’s high strung mix of threatened liability and off-color innuendo. In this sense, Leah felt she’d found a home in this out of the way cottage and this shy boy—or if not a home exactly, at least a place where her blithe detachment didn’t create so many unintentional waves of misunderstanding and confusion. Can you help me to stand and show me where to change?
“I can help you stand and leave you to change.” He waved to the room behind him. “This is all, I’m afraid.”
She smiled to convey Do not be afraid then wrote A bathroom?
He blushed crimson this time. It wasn’t clear to Leah if his embarrassment was due to the reference to bodily function or his lack of hospitable arrangements for his unexpected guest. Though his face did not look away, his eyes fluttered shut as he said, “Privy outside” then added as his eyes flew open as with a brilliant discovery, “Or I can fashion you some sort of chamber pot.”
Now Leah blushed and looked away, to the pad on her lap. Privy is fine. You can direct me there once I have changed.
Michael nodded. “Ready to try standing?”
Leah lifted her head off the pillow and slowly rotated her neck and shoulders. They were still stiff but more limber than she expected. She set the pencil and pad to the side of the cot nearer the wall then looked to Michael and nodded.
He stepped closer to the cot and extended his arms toward her, both hands with their soft pale skin facing palm up in a gesture Leah saw as both kind and vulnerable—and she the one wounded and woozy! She raised her arms and placed her hands in his. He gripped her hands firmly but not over tight and raised her body to a seated position. In the process his upper body bent low toward her such that when she looked up her face was but inches from his. She expected him to blush at this proximity, but he didn’t. He simply nodded in approval and encouragement.
“Still O.K.?”
She recovered her wits sufficiently to realize she was—O.K., that is, but with her head spinning slightly from something other than her injury. She managed to return his nod.
He stood upright and stepped back, still clutching her hands, and moved his body to one side so that she might swing her legs off the cot and come to a full seated position. She did this with relative ease, her legs and stockinged feet sliding out from under the blanket and to the floor that she now saw was composed of rough and well-worn wooden planks.
Michael wondered if he should pause for a moment but decided to forge ahead. He stepped back, set his feet firmly, and retracted his arms while still grasping her hands, raising her upright off the cot. Her legs held but her upper body continued forward from the momentum of his assistance and she fell into his chest.
He was prepared for this possibility and held his ground against her weight. Their hands were clasped tightly between their two chests, a bond that provided a stable center of gravity and kept either one from wavering.
Leah caught her breath then pushed back gently from their clumsy embrace and stood upright and stable before him, though he still clutched her hands. She nodded—Thank you.
“You O.K.?”
She slackened her grip on his hands but still held them as she tested her stability. Her legs were solid and her head, while sore, was not spinning. She nodded—O.K.
He lowered his arms then released her hands.
She stood stable and unwavering. She was looking directly into his eyes, as he was no taller than she. She grinned a bit awkwardly then made a zipping motion—My backpack?
He stepped aside and lifted it onto the cot from the floor at its foot.
She nodded then waited for him to leave.
Now it was his turn to grin awkwardly. “Oh. Yes. I’ll step outside.” He paused then said, “How shall I know when you are finished, or if you need something?”
She glanced around. On the mantel above the fireplace there were some brass bells attached to a leather belt. She pointed to them.
“Ah, yes. Granddad’s sleigh bells. More ornament than use, I’m afraid.”
Leah smiled and made the sign language indication for Until today.
And Michael understood or just happened to have the same thought. “Until today.”

There was one dance studio in town and Leah knew the owner. Her name was Noelle and they’d met at a golfers’ cocktail party that was bland and boring except for Noelle’s expressed passion for dance. It revived Leah’s parallel passion that had grown dormant since she’d resigned from the Arts committee at Jasper’s high school and, two years later, surrendered her season’s tickets to the Atlanta Ballet. She was surprised this backwoods golfing community even had a dance studio, let alone one owned by a former professional dancer with a long list of sparkling credentials.
“Yes, sometimes I’m surprised to be here too,” Noelle had replied to Leah’s raised eyebrows.
“Do you miss the spotlight?”
“Not near as much as I’m glad for human hours and time with my kids.” She was married to a professional golfer who co-owned one of the courses in town. “And I genuinely enjoy teaching kids how to dance—molding them from the toe up!” She laughed, a sonorous high-pitched giggle like the tinkling of a dinner bell.
Leah winced at the comment. She missed working with kids too, especially her son now grown and gone, and the dance prodigy Adele that had blossomed under her attentive gaze. “Discovered any diamonds in this rough?” She was only vaguely conscious of this disparaging pun directed at her new town. But once expressed, she felt the twinge of longing for the exquisite moving sculpture that good dancers could shape, a kind of tangible grace.
“Alas, not yet,” Noelle had responded. “But you never know—maybe the next little prince or princess to come through my door!”
Leah had instinctively raised her glass to toast that wish.
When Leah phoned the dance studio, immodestly called Rave Reviews, the day after Neesa’s mention of her love of dance, she had no clear idea of what she was calling to ask. Such uncertainty was rare for Leah. Normally she knew exactly what she was after when initiating a contact. But what exactly did she want from Noelle? A class for Neesa? A class for herself? Suggestions on dance opportunities in the area? A high school that offered dance? Neesa—that is, Neesa with Jodie’s not-so-subtle push—had unlocked a complex longing buried deep within her, or channeled a larger suffocating need toward a particular area of expression.
After the requisite small-town chit-chat that Leah had become quite accomplished at despite herself, she said over the phone, “I know a teenager who wants to dance.”
“That’s a start,” Noelle said, though it wasn’t clear if she meant for Leah’s request or the teenager’s aspirations.
Leah paused, not sure of how to describe her relationship to Neesa.
“Boy or girl?” Noelle asked after the long silence.
“Oh, girl. Very much a girl.”
Noelle laughed. The tinkling bell sounded different over the phone than in person. “That’s good. Girls are good, though we do accept boys too—the ones not claimed by the manlier pursuits.” She again laughed. “How old is she?”
“I don’t know—sixteen, maybe seventeen.”
“Experience?”
“In what?”
“In dance, Leah!”
“I’m not sure. She was on a dance team at school.”
“What school?”
“In Baltimore.”
“There are a lot of schools in Baltimore.”
“She said she’s done a little of everything but mostly enjoys classical ballet.”
“So you’re not sure exactly what she’s done or how skilled she is.”
“Right.”
Noelle sighed audibly. Maybe she needed to get on to some other duty or appointment. “Do you want to bring her in for an audition?”
Leah feared such a suggestion would intimidate Neesa. She suddenly struck on an idea. “Do you by chance offer a youth class at the same time as a—.” She hesitated, seeking the right term. Middle-aged ladies class didn’t sound quite right.
“Spring Seniors Class?”
“How old are they?”
“Fifty to sixty. And yes, on Wednesday nights at seven we have an intermediate level youth class in Studio One and a Spring Seniors in Two.”
“Do we have to sign up?”
“No. Just get here in time to change. We pride ourselves on starting promptly.”
“O.K.”
“What’s her name?”
“Who?” Leah was already preoccupied with thoughts of the dance gear she’d have to purchase, something that might judiciously mask the extra pounds she’d been trying to shed.
“Your teenaged dancer.”
“Neesa.”
“Neesa,” Noelle repeated. “I don’t think I’ve met her.”
“She’s from out of town.”
“O.K.”
“She’s black.”
The phone went silent.
“That’s O.K., isn’t it?” Leah asked.
“Sure,” Noelle answered cheerily. “She’ll be our first.”

Or maybe she wouldn’t be their first black student, Leah thought to herself on sharing the idea with Neesa during their snack the following Tuesday.
“What kind of dance they teach?” Neesa asked in a skeptical tone.
“I’m not exactly sure, but I think it would include various kinds.”
“What if they don’t like me?”
“It’s a class, Neesa, not a team or an audition. You pay money and they lead you and teach you. You go at your own pace.”
“Who pay the money?”
By now Leah had learned to judge Neesa’s moods by her words. When she was angry or hurt or uncomfortable, she’d use the sharp-edged slang and clipped grammar distinct to her race, as if unconsciously or semi-consciously drawing a line between herself and her blonde and oh so white employer, hiding behind a racial hierarchy. “I’ll pay for now because you are doing me a favor.”
“What favor?”
“Of going with me to the dance studio.”
“What you do there?”
“Take a class, but with people my age in a different room.”
“What if they don’t like me?”
Leah sighed. She recalled Jasper’s insecurities at her age, and he was white, male, and from a secure household. “Try it for two weeks. If you don’t like it, we won’t continue.”
“One week.”
“That’s hardly a fair trial.”
Neesa stood her ground, her jaw set.
“O.K. One week—that’s tomorrow night. I’ll pick you up at 6:30.”
“I’ll meet you there.”
Leah happily noted the changed tone and grammar. “O.K. 6:45 to give us time to change.”
“Five till seven. I’ll be dressed already.”
“O.K. I’ll be inside waiting.”
Neesa nodded while finishing the last of her peanut butter cookie. “What happens to you?”
“What do you mean?”
“If I don’t want to go back?”
“I don’t know. I guess I’d quit too.”
“You shouldn’t. You should dance. It will do you good.”
“You suggesting I need to lose some weight?” Leah said with a smile to let the teen know she was teasing, at least mostly so.
Neesa missed the sign or ignored it. “No ma’am. Because you need the joy it brings.”

Leah accomplished her change of clothes without incident, though she did feel quite literally exposed as she quickly stripped off her damp jeans then panties in the large and sunlit room. She wasn’t the least concerned that Michael would sneak a peek. He was far too shy and proper for such an indiscretion. And would she have been disappointed if he had? She was far too innocent and idealistic to consider such a question. But what she did wonder was how many mice and other such sylvan creatures might be watching. This brought both a smile to her face and a fret to her movements, a sense of urgency to her redressing as she must not remain exposed for any longer than necessary. But out of fear of embarrassing herself or the observing creatures?
Once nattily reattired all the way down to her hiking boots that she’d found slid under the cot, she picked up Granddad’s sleigh bells. The leather was dry and cracking, and the brass bells tarnished. She held them out from her body and gave them a firm shake. The vibrations of the metal rose through the leather and into her fingertips. Wisps of dust caught by the late sun twirled and rose around her hand like smoke. She wondered what the bells sounded like, to the wee creatures watching and to the bigger creature waiting outside. She set the bells on the table, ran her hand over the cool slotted metal spheres, then made the two strides to the door and opened it just as Michael was opening it from outside. This again brought them into a sudden proximity that startled both.
Michael retreated back outside. Backlit by the sun, he appeared a celestial figure. His mouth moved but Leah couldn’t discern the words for the brilliant light circling his head. She stepped outside. The small and tidy yard was lined by a low rock wall with a single opening leading to a path that wound its way uphill through low bushes and a smattering of small gnarly trunked trees. She turned to Michael.
“You O.K.?” he repeated.
She spread her arms to reveal her fully clothed self—What do you think?
He grinned and nodded. “So I see. Any dizziness or pain?”
Leah had for the moment forgotten her injury. Now mentioned, she realized she felt fine, better than fine. She shook her head.
“Good.”
Reconnecting with her body did remind her of a bodily need. She didn’t have the pad to explain so raised her eyebrows and hoped he understood, as further sign language would prove awkward.
“Oh, yes,” he said, blushing again and looking down. “The privy.”
He gestured for her to follow and led her toward the right end of the cottage and onto a narrow path that led into the bushes. About thirty feet into the thicket the path widened slightly to show a small stone closet with a shake roof and a wooden door on leather hinges. He gestured toward the privy as if it needed introduction and said, “There’s newsprint inside.”
For some reason this comment in all its many rich nuances struck her as the essence of British stolid endurance, and she burst into laughter.
Michael was startled by the unlikely sound, then quickly confused or hurt.
Leah stifled her mirth. She had no paper on which to explain her reaction; and even if she had, what would she write? So she gently grasped his shoulder, again struck by being tall as he. She had a bird’s eye vision of how small they must appear in this tiny clearing in these very large woods amidst the still larger Cumbrian highlands. She nodded thanks to his slowly calming expression then pointed back toward the cottage with her free hand and spread its fingers—I’ll be back in five minutes. She thought After I’ve read the newsprint! but didn’t try to communicate the joke, simply let it rise to her face as a full grin that could just as easily be interpreted as I’m O.K. now; really, much more than O.K.
Michael saw her expression as the latter, nodded his assent, and disappeared back down the path.

By the time she returned to the cottage, Michael had stoked the fire in the cookstove and hung her damp clothes on a length of rope strung between two hooks on the wall behind the stove. Though the day had turned sunny and warmer, the stove still felt good as it cut through the dampness inside the cottage. Michael was stirring a pot at the stove as she entered. 
He said something over his shoulder that she couldn’t read. Instead of making some gesture to remind him of his need to face her when speaking, she simply waited in the open doorway for him to turn.
After a minute, he turned to see what the delay was.
She smiled and pointed from his face to her eyes.
His face flushed at the repeated mistake. 
She closed the door behind her and closed the short distance between them. She took his chin gently in her hand, waited for his eyes to focus on hers, then nodded and made a simple sign language indicating, It is O.K. If you forget, I will remind you.
“How?”
Leah thought a moment then picked up the sleigh bells from where she’d left them on the table. She gave them a quick shake, feeling again the vibration of the bells through her fingertips.
Michael’s body gave a little jolt, as if shocked. 
Leah realized the sound must be very loud. It would have to be, given the number of bells and the need to be heard across the open plain and amidst the sound of stomping hooves. She looked up and shrugged apologetically.
Now it was Michael’s turn to offer gentle assurance. “A small shake is adequate,” he said.
Leah nodded then gestured toward the pot.
“Lentil soup.”
She smiled. She loved lentils, a versatile and cheap staple she’d started using to stretch her food allowance in college.
“Hungry?”
She was, now that she thought about it. She hadn’t eaten since her snack on the trail that morning. Then she recalled Mary’s scones. She had several more in her pack and went to retrieve them.
Michael nodded approval after she unwrapped the oil paper packet and set the three scones on the table. “I have some bread but those look much tastier.”
Leah tilted her head at his last word.
“Yummy.”
Leah understood that and nodded.
He gestured for her to sit at the far chair of the table, facing the stove. “The soup should be warm in a few minutes.”
Leah sat. As Michael worked over the pot, she looked around the room. She now saw several details she’d missed earlier—a small gas-powered refrigerator beneath the table holding the water basin, a low cupboard with open shelves above tucked into the corner between the stove and the sink stand. There were metal tins with lids on the shelves, and two pottery plates and several pewter cups. Hanging on pegs beside the basin were gray towels of various sizes and uses. On the wall opposite were framed photographs of people and several watercolor landscapes. Leah wanted to ask about the watercolors but didn’t know how. Her pad was still over on the cot. She had many questions but would save them for later. At the moment she was content to simply sit and watch, absorb this enchanted setting. She did wonder, beneath her euphoria, if it were some biochemical reaction to her injury that made her feel thus. But no—she often felt such serene calm when placed in a new setting. It just so happened that this setting was drawn from some fairy-tale picture book she’d had or dreamt of as a child.
Michael ladled the soup into two pottery bowls and carried them steaming to the table, setting one before Leah.
“Something to drink?”
She nodded.
“We have water or water.”
She smiled and nodded. I’ll take water then.
“I normally have milk. That was on my list when I headed out this morning.”
Before you hit me, Leah gestured by crashing her right hand into her left then throwing both hands outward in a sudden scattering.
“Precisely.”
Leah signed Sorry. She didn’t expect him to understand the sing language but hoped the contrition in her eyes got their point across.
“It is O.K. You got the worst of it.”
Leah had all but forgotten her injury. She carefully touched her gash. It was tender to the touch but dry and not very swollen. She was mainly struck by the spiky ends of the fishing line stiches. She wondered if she looked like a stegosaurus or a Frankenstein monster. It would be hard to communicate such a thought, so she held it to herself. She recalled Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein, the story of a gentle-hearted creation turned fiendish by loneliness—a cautionary tale indeed, but for whom?
Michael returned with two pewter cups filled with spring water. “I’ve had the spring tested. It’s clear.”
Leah nodded, one more step in a blanket acquiescence. 
“Well, dive in,” Michael said, then did so himself. When he looked up to get one of the scones, he saw Leah’s head nodded. He waited till she lifted her eyes. “Grace?” he asked. His parents were occasional churchgoers but he’d lost the habit—and, he supposed, his faith—on going away to college.
She shook her head then wrote with her finger on the rough table top, upside down so he could follow—Thanks.
“Same thing?”
Again she shook her head and wrote Thanks a second time then pointed toward him.
He grew flustered but found his way to saying, “You are welcome.”
She nodded—verbal message delivered. That freed them both to eat the simple, hearty fare.

On their second visit to the dance studio, Leah’s Spring Senior’s class was excused ten minutes early after one of the participants turned her left ankle or knee—it wasn’t clear which to Leah looking on from across the room—with sufficient severity that it required calling EMS for consultation and possible transport to the county hospital two towns over.
After their first class, Leah had to all but chase Neesa down in the parking lot, glad for the dim light and the few observers—just a few moms with petulant daughters caught up in their own small dramas—as she was still in her dance outfit. After tapping on Neesa’s driver’s side door and waiting for her to roll down the window, she’d asked, “So what did you think?”
Neesa said, “It was O.K.”
“O.K. enough to come back next Wednesday?” Leah wanted to pin her housekeeper down before she had a chance to reconsider, and give herself time to evolve a counter argument if Neesa declined.
Neesa had hesitated. It seemed she wanted to share something but either lacked the words or the trust in her employer to bring the feeling to the surface. Finally, she’d said, “Yeah, I guess.”
Leah chose to end that discussion before Neesa could change her mind. Besides, she was growing ever more self-conscious standing out here in the parking lot in her dance leggings and blousy sweatshirt. “Good. I’ll let Noelle know we’ll be back.”
Neesa had nodded and rolled up the window without another word.
Nor had she spoken of the dance class during her two housecleaning visits since. One day there’d been no opportunity, as Leah had headed out to a grounds club meeting shortly after Neesa had arrived and didn’t return till after she’d left. But the second day they had ample time to talk during her break, but she’d not brought it up and Leah chose to leave the matter alone for now.
And that’s where it stood as Leah left the Seniors’ truncated class and walked down the hall toward the small dressing room and its three cramped cubicles with plywood doors that ended two feet off the floor. On her way she passed a section of one-way mirror that allowed a view of the other dance studio, where Neesa’s class was still fully engaged. Leah paused before the observation panel. She recalled the days long ago when she, a timid but blossoming fourteen year old, had stood behind a larger one-way mirror in a more spacious room mimicking every move of the best student in the class on the other side. Those actions had unfolded in Leah’s former soundless world; and the motions she watched and copied to the best of her ability were their own kind of music, a visual transforming of flesh and muscle, movement and pause, into a silent duet between the girl on the other side of the mirror—Taylor Snipes was her name, a girl Leah barely knew from school but here her unwitting dance partner—and Leah. That sudden recollection generated a fluttering in her stomach that left her briefly dizzy.
But those memories were quickly supplanted by the music coming through the walls—a familiar piece from Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake—the shouted commands of the class’s instructor, and the myriad movements of the dozen or so students in the class. As decades before, Leah’s eyes quickly found their way to the best dancer in the class. This girl was so graceful yet precise in her movements that it was only after Leah noted her dark skin and corn-rowed hair that she realized it was her housekeeper. This revelation produced yet another swoon in Leah, this one linked to memories of Adele, the dancer in Jasper’s high school, and her crowning achievement that year—a self-choreographed solo at the school’s year-end recital. Yet, even at first glance, Neesa appeared to possess form and energy that surpassed even Adele’s lofty standard. Could that be true or was she overreacting? Leah stood transfixed by the young woman flowing through a series of precise and difficult moves that exactly reflected the music’s rhythm and sound.
“She’s quite amazing,” Noelle said, standing just behind her.
Leah flinched at the voice and sudden proximity of another. She felt as if she’d been stirred from a dream. She composed her face and turned to Noelle. But all she could do was nod agreement before turning back to the viewing mirror.
Noelle continued in a low volume analysis. “She doesn’t hold her marks, and her transitions are clumsy. But all that can be taught. What she possesses is a rare combination of grace and athleticism. I’ve seen girls that could jump across the room but their movements were all muscle. Neesa has the strength but also the smoothness and a kind of serenity. It’s almost like she’s taken refuge inside the dance.”
“That would explain why I didn’t recognize her at first.”
“Yes, though she kind of stands out.” Noelle chuckled at her understatement with a double meaning.
Leah was pulled back to earth by recalling Noelle’s comment about Neesa being her first black student. She turned to face Noelle directly. “Is that a problem?”
The studio’s owner narrowed her eyes. “I’ve had three parents threaten to pull their girls out of the class.”
“Because of Neesa’s skin color?” Leah felt her voice rising.
Noelle raised her hand. “Don’t worry. I told them good luck finding another studio.” Noelle smiled slyly. “Being a monopoly has its advantages.”
Leah said, “Thank you.”
“But I’m worried about Neesa. Right now she dances without a care in the world.”
“Or as an escape from the world.”
“Exactly. But will she be able to preserve that if people start whispering behind her back and dropping out of the class?”
“But why, Noelle? This is the twenty-first century!”
“In New York, maybe. But this is Spring Glade. Not many black people around here; and those there are don’t dance.”
There was a finality to this assessment that seemed unassailable. As elated as Leah had felt a few minutes ago, she suddenly felt depressed. “So what happens?”
Noelle shrugged. “She can stay in my classes long as she likes. But we’ll need to get her into the advanced group.”
“All white?”
Noelle nodded then said, “She’s too good for any of my classes. She needs private lessons.”
Leah looked at her. “You?”
Noelle seemed surprised by the question and responded with her pat answer. “Can’t charge enough to make private lessons worth my time.”
“If money were no object and Neesa was the student?”
Noelle looked hard at Leah. “Who is this girl to you?”
Leah mulled over the possible one-word answers and found none satisfactory. “Someone I’ve grown fond of.”
Just then there was a blur on the other side of the mirror as Neesa flew past, launching off the floor to the left side of the glass and landing all the way over on the right after floating in air before them, just inches away. Could she have known she was being watched? But no, her moves were too uninhibited for that.
Noelle chuckled. “For that girl, maybe I would. Talk to her and let me know what you decide.”
Leah breathed a sigh of relief and said, “Thank you.”
Noelle sighed as well. “I think the thanks are all mine.”

Two days later, during Neesa’s Friday cleaning, Leah asked during her break, “Have you heard from your mother?”
“We talk or text almost every day.”
“She say what her plans are?”
“She say a lot about her plans. New people she meet, new projects she working on.”
“I mean about you.”
Neesa laughed. “She have no plans for me.”
“Then what will happen?”
“About what?”
“With your future—school, college, whatever?”
Neesa shrugged.
“And you are O.K. with that?”
Neesa’s eyes flared. “Don’t matter what I think!”
Leah paused, both startled and, at some level, encouraged by Neesa’s sudden show of emotion. “Would you mind if I spoke with her?”
“About what?”
“About your future.”
“Why?”
Leah grew flustered. She’d not anticipated this assertive, even confrontational, tone. “I don’t know. School will be starting soon. You need to know where you will be going, what you will be doing.”
“Probably go to the hick school in the county.”
Leah was worried about this possibility. One of the reasons most of the residents of Spring Glade were retirees was the poor schools, or maybe it was the other way around. Either way, Neesa would have a tough go at the mostly white, mostly rural public high school in the countryside west of town. “You deserve better.”
Neesa laughed again, though there was a hint of sadness beneath the hard bitterness. “No one worry about what Neesa deserve.”
“I am.” At first Leah flinched at her unexpected admission. When had she last let her heart be so vulnerable? But almost immediately she firmed behind the words, saw it as a simple truth that needed acknowledgement, as much for herself as for Neesa and her mother and her grandmother. “So can I talk to your mother about your future?”
Neesa considered the question. And in those few seconds, it seemed to Leah that she straightened up on the stool where she was seated, squared her shoulders beneath Jodie’s sleek work outfit. “I will be eighteen next April. I’m working fulltime and paying not only my own way but Grandma’s as well. I’ve taken care of myself far back as I can remember. If you need to talk to someone about my future, you can talk to me.”
“Fair enough. Can I look into options for your schooling?”
“Like what?”
Leah smiled. “I won’t know till I look into them.”
Neesa nodded. “O.K.”
“In the meantime, I think you should take private lessons for your dance.”
“Why?”
“Because you are very talented. Noelle thinks so too. And you should develop your talent, for your current pleasure but most of all for your future.”
“Who would pay for these classes?”
“I’ve thought about that. What if we work a trade?”
Neesa held up her hand. “Grandma needs what I bring home from cleaning houses, and so do I.”
“That’s not the trade I had in mind.”
Neesa paused her protest and listened.
“I’m not real excited about the dance class I’m in. I’m glad for the exercise but could use some personal attention. And, frankly, I don’t like being lumped in with all those old ladies!” She paused to let her housekeeper laugh then continued when Neesa gave no response. O.K.—so she was old. “What if I pay for your private lessons in return for you giving me mine?”
“I’m not a dance teacher.”
“I bet you are better than you know. I mainly need someone to hold me to it and give me constructive, or maybe sympathetic, input.”
“Who would teach me?”
“Noelle doesn’t usually take private students, but she would make an exception for someone with your potential.”
“She said that?”
“Yes.”
“Where would we dance?”
“Your lessons would be at the studio.”
“No. You and me?”
Leah laughed. “I hadn’t got that far. I think we can clear the garage and set up in there.”
Neesa said. “I got a boombox and some dance tapes!”
“I didn’t think anyone had that anymore.”
“Mama never throw anything out. Why you think I started dancing? I can rock Donna Summers!”
“I bet you can. If you’ll bring the boombox, I’ll get Whitfield to consolidate his golf stuff and straighten the garage.”
Neesa hesitated, as if suddenly realizing what she’d just committed to.
“Deal?” Leah asked, extending her hand across the island.
Neesa looked her in the eye a moment, then extended her dark-skinned fine-boned hand.

As twilight slowly replaced the warm rose sunset that had flowed through the room’s small windows, Michael lit the four lanterns hanging from the ceiling at each corner. Collectively they cast a more than adequate light for any but the most intricate of tasks (for which, as Michael had gestured to Leah, he had table lanterns available). And that soft and slightly flickering light was to Leah, who was a close and attentive observer of the means to her most critical sense, somehow more human and supple than the harsh light of incandescent bulbs and the still more garish shimmer of fluorescent tubes. This warm glow combined with the stove’s residual heat (Michael had let the fire die down, as the evening outside was not cold) to create a coziness that was palpable to Leah. She wanted to share this feeling with Michael but couldn’t imagine how to do so. She could write it down (he’d brought her a new and larger white-lined legal pad as she’d quickly filled the reporter’s notepad) but felt sure the feeling would not survive the transition into written words. So she kept the thought to herself as she sat at the table with her Wordsworth open before and the legal pad ready at hand, should she think of any message to write.
Across from her Michael sat reading, of all things, a ragged comic book. On first bringing it out, he’d explained that he’d found a box of such books in the attic while helping his father clear out his grandparents’ house. They’d been for his father a childhood hobby and, a little later, an escape during the frightening early days of the war. Michael had kept the box and elected to bring them along on this summer retreat to provide his main source of nocturnal entertainment, an escape from whatever life choices awaited him. When Leah would occasionally sneak a glance at her companion, she invariably found him intently immersed in his animated tale, his mouth and sometimes even his fingers and arms twitching in vicarious participation in the lavishly illustrated excitement and drama.
By contrast, Leah’s ongoing trek through Wordsworth’s monumental Prelude was tame if no less engrossing. She found in her current reading of “Book Fourth” subtitled “Summer Vacation” many parallels to her current excursion, as the young William returned to his childhood home and roamed these Cumbrian hills for a break from his studies and a renewal of his bond with God’s wild spaces. She was captivated by the mix of the elder poet’s nostalgia with the young poet’s rhapsody on returning to: that lowly bed whence I had heard the wind roar, and the rain beat hard; where I so oft had lain awake on summer nights to watch the moon in splendor couched among the leaves of a tall ash, that near our cottage stood; had watched her with fixed eyes while to and fro in the dark summit of the waving tree she rocked with every impulse of the breeze. Leah wondered if such a moon would rock beyond such a tree outside this cottage this night.
But it was with quickening breaths and a fluttering heart that she, sometime later, discovered a different kind of parallel in these lines: But as a face we love is sweetest then when sorrow damps it, or, whatever look it chance to wear, is sweetest if the heart have fullness in herself; even so with me it fared that evening. Gently did my soul put off her veil, and, self-transmuted, stood naked, as in the presence of her God. Leah became dizzy and started to slip from her chair.
For some reason—perhaps it was an involuntary sound his guest had made—Michael glanced up as Leah’s face blanched white and she wavered in her seat. He was around the table in an instant and caught her under the arms as she began to fall. She recovered then and her muscles regained their strength. But he would take no chances on letting her stand or trying to ease her back into the unsteady chair. He slid his one arm behind her knees and his other around her neck and picked her up and carried her to the back of the room and the cot.
Leah, fully conscious now, made his effort easier by putting her arms around his neck and laying her head against his shoulder. At that moment she couldn’t recall how she’d ended up in his arms, but she accepted it as a welcomed gift.
He reached the cot and bent without faltering and laid her atop the blankets with her head on the pillow.
She smiled up at him and nodded thanks.
He leaned over and looked closely at her eyes. Her pupils appeared normal. He then gently parted her hair to check her cut. It was still stitched tight with no sign of infection, and the swelling had receded considerably since this afternoon. He stood and nodded in reassurance. “Your wound looks fine.”
She nodded too, that it felt fine. In truth she hadn’t felt or thought about it for hours, until just now when his brief examination had slightly strained the stitches.
“Then what happened?” he asked with concern furrowing his brow.
She shrugged shyly—I don’t know. Then she gestured for the pad and pencil.
Michael retrieved them from the table and brought the ladder-backed chair along with him, to sit beside the cot. He handed her the pad.
I had a moment’s dizziness. I feel fine now. She grinned to reinforce the words.
He gazed at her intently. “I worry about a concussion.” He kept to himself his chief concern—that a clot would trigger a stroke out here with no access to modern interventions.
Well, don’t! My head is harder than you think!
He laughed at that. Her head looked anything but hard. It really was quite beautiful. But he kept those thoughts to himself also.
Now I know how you got me here.
He tilted his head in question.
From the site of the accident. You carried me!
He nodded.
I didn’t know you had such strength.
He blushed. “I rested a few times.”
You dropped your unconscious patient on the wet ground? She was teasing.
“No. I held you in my lap.”
She stared at him for a long time then wrote: That’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard.
“I didn’t want you to get any wetter than you already were.”
And my pack?
“I ran back and got it while you were still out—to see who you were and if you had any medications.”
Only clothes and Wordsworth. She recalled then the gist of the passage that had made her swoon. The memory brought fresh color to her pallid cheeks.
“All one needs!”
All I need. She paused then added: At least until I get run over by a wayward bike rider!
“Need to watch out for them.”
So I’ve learned.
He nodded sagely. “Can I get you anything?”
I’m fine. She adjusted the pillow against the back wall and sat against it. See!
He nodded. “I see.”
Tomorrow?
“If you are strong enough and the weather holds, we’ll walk you into town.”
Leah nodded—I will be strong enough. She paused, not sure what to do next.
“Perhaps we should retire. We both could use the rest.”
Where should I sleep?
“Right where you are, of course.”
She stared at him to say—And you?
“I’ve got a sleeping bag in the store room and some towels for a pillow.”
She frowned and wrote I can use the sleeping bag.
“Not a chance.”
She protested with a stern look.
“Doctor’s orders,” he said.
She relented and wrote Thank you.
“No thanks needed. I’m honored to have your company out here in the wilds.”
And I your care.
He nodded. “Do you wish to change for bed? I can go outside.”
She shook her head. These clothes are fine.
“The others will be dry by morning.”
I should use the privy.
They both looked toward the dark night beyond the windows. “I could arrange a chamber pot,” he said, though he had no idea what that might be.
She shook her head vehemently—No way!
He laughed. “Then can I escort you?”
She swung her legs off the cot and sat. From there her knees touched Michael’s. She shifted slightly to one side and grabbed the pad to distract her from their sudden intimacy. Give me a lantern and I’ll find my way.
“I’ve got an electric torch.”
A what?
He took her pencil then leaned over and wrote beneath her question in a refined and beautiful penmanship: An electric torch.
A flashlight?
Yes. As you Yanks would say!
She suddenly wanted to kiss him, not for the earlier romantic rumblings but for his guileless charms. She could have done so easily; his cheek was mere inches away. But she hesitated. She’d not kissed a boy in years, and never a virtual stranger.
Michael sat upright and grinned at his quaint joke, then stood to go find the electric torch, leaving the pad beside her on the cot.

As predicted, Leah found her way to the privy without any trouble, with Michael watching from the doorway till she’d rounded the bend in the path. The light of a nearly full moon cast the surrounding woods and thickets in a delicate silver glow such that when she emerged from the privy she left the electric torch switched off.
The air was neither cool nor warm but somehow suspended between those extremes, and thick with the moisture of the earlier rain and whatever dampness was blowing in off the sea some miles distant and lord of the region’s climate. She paused in her return to the cottage and wondered again if she’d somehow landed in a dream. If so, was it Shakespeare’s or Lewis Carroll’s or something more sinister, drawn from one of Grimm’s tales or worse? So confident was she in God’s or Fate’s benevolence—despite the day’s mishap and disruption to her plans, or perhaps because of it—that the very thought of being caught up in fairy tale with a tragic ending brought a smile to her face. There were no tragic endings to this life—not hers.
As if to affirm that trust, Michael had set a crate on its end beside the cot and placed a lantern and pewter mug of water on it, along with her paperback volume of Wordsworth. He’d also spread the sleeping bag along the far wall, in the corner to the right of the door. It looked forlorn and rather uncomfortable, like a mouse’s hovel. Leah wanted to tell him that but didn’t have the pad and doubted the allusion would translate well in any case. So she simply pointed to the sleeping bag and made a sad face, again asking his pardon for usurping his regular bed.
“Good for the soul to rough it now and again!”
She waved around the room—And this isn’t?
“Cozy and comfortable.”
She nodded—That it is!
She took off her hiking boots but left her socks on then lay down on the cot and pulled the wool blanket up to her shoulders. She was conscious of being watched; but each time she glanced up, Michael was engaged in some other activity—putting up his comic books, making some note on the table, storing the dry plates and silverware on their shelf. He stepped outside then returned after a short pause. He brought the flashlight and set it beside the lantern on the upturned crate. “In case you need it in the night.”
She nodded thanks but doubted she’d be getting up.
“Well, good night! Let me know if you need anything.”
She gave him a wry smile—And how should I do that?
“Oh.” Then he grinned and grabbed the sleigh bells off the mantel. “Here!”
She nodded.
There wasn’t room atop the crate, so he bent and set them on the floor beside the cot. In doing so he found himself very close to her head on the pillow. He glanced in that direction and discovered her staring serenely at him, as if pleasantly surprised or amused by his presence. He blushed and stood quickly.
“Well, good night,” he stammered, looking at the floor then realizing he’d not spoken to her eyes. When he dared to look at her again, she made a simple gesture of thanks—bringing her hands to her chest then opening them toward him, palm up. He was suddenly disarmed by the grace and self-possession of this deaf foreigner that had been dropped into his life. And he too felt thanks, though he didn’t try to communicate it, simply accepted her gift then turned and went off to his sleeping bag, remaining fully clothed as well, removing just his shoes that he left along the wall within reach.

The following weekend Leah told Whitfield about her plans with Neesa.
“And you’ll dance in the garage?”
Leah nodded. “It’s the only place with enough room to move. But you’ll have to keep your golf clubs in the closet.”
He nodded. “That’s not a problem. What about the concrete floor?”
“Not ideal but it will have to do.”
“Maybe we can get a remnant of carpet.”
“That might be nice, but let’s wait and see.”
“There’s only one vent out there.” Though the garage was insulated and finished, it was conditioned with only one register, high on the shared wall with the house. “It will be hot in the summer and cold in the winter.”
“We can bring in fans or heaters and adjust our schedule. And on pretty afternoons, we can open the doors. Imagine dancing in the natural breezes!” she exclaimed with uncommon glee.
Whitfield laughed. “You have it all figured out!” With her first mention of the idea, he saw only the inconvenience of surrendering his designated space—really, the only space in the house that was “his.” But with the revelation of her enthusiasm, he warmed to the idea. Leah had been depressed since the death of her sister, and this was the first time she’d shown interest in a new person and activity. Further, she needed the exercise. She’d put on a few pounds and was increasingly short of breath on their walks and golf rounds. “I can consolidate my clubs and yard tools.”
“And hang the old mirror on the far wall?” On first moving in, they’d removed the large mirror behind the double vanity in the master bath and replaced it with two smaller framed mirrors, saving the original mirror, which was undamaged, in the garage for lack of a good disposal option. “It will be perfect as a dance mirror!”
Whitfield shook his head in amazement then took a sip of coffee. “Sure. I can hang the mirror. I saved the clips.”
“This weekend?” Leah asked hesitantly. She didn’t want to push her husband too hard.
He stared at her across the eating counter. “For my beautiful wife, of course.”
She nodded submissively. “Thanks.”

That night with Whitfield in bed beside her, Leah removed both her processors. And though there was a warm and familiar body within arm’s reach, the total lack of audible sound cast her back into an old but familiar and quickly comfortable state, a reality outside of her life in this bed, this house, this town.
And it was Brooke, her closest friend and companion in those soundless years, who stepped into her soundless dreaming world. “So you finally took my advice and found someone.”
Leah understood her words in the dream by reading her lips, not sounds in the air but more words on a page, flowing across her mouth. And she responded not with spoken words or sign language but with her eyes and face and body’s gesture. “Why so surprised?” She gazed calmly at her sister, not the emaciated drawn Brooke of her last days or even the confident overbearing Brooke of her last decades, but the young adult Brooke recently separated from her first husband and trying to find her way forward with a one-year-old child in tow, the only time in Brooke’s life when she showed self-doubt and vulnerability.
“I’m not surprised. I’m only surprised it took you so long.”
Leah laughed. “I was always a little slower than you.”
“Yeah. So why did everyone think you were the brains in the family, huh?”
“What? No one thought I was the brains!”
“Precious Leah! Graceful Leah! Need something done right, give it to Leah! I never stood a chance.”
“You never needed approval, Brooke. You never asked permission. You saw what you wanted and took it.”
“And look where it got me.”
“Where?”
“Living at home with no job, no degree, no husband, no boyfriend, and a toddler.”
“Jodie is a beautiful child.”
“With a failure for a mother.”
“You aren’t a failure.”
“Soon to be a divorcee. A tainted woman. With a kid! Used goods! Who is going to want me?”
“You have Mom and Dad.”
“That’s the hardest part of all—failing them.”
“You know that’s not true. They love you.”
“They’re carrying me.”
“You have me.”
Brooke looked at her sister for the longest time—as if seeing her, truly seeing her and understanding her importance to her life for the very first time. She nodded. “You are carrying me too.”
“I’m not carrying you, Brooke. I’m walking with you, same as always. Lots of things change in our lives, but nothing changes that.”
“So you’ll get me out of this mess?”
“No. You will. But I’ll help.”
“Old reliable Leah. What would I do without you?”
“Endure, then thrive.”
“With your help.”
“Of course.”
Brooke reached out and ran her fingers up under Leah’s chin, to the soft spot beneath her jaw, held her fingers there until she felt the pulse of life through her vein. Then she let her hand fall away into space. “So tell me about him.”
Leah was confused. “You mean her. Neesa.”
“Who’s Neesa? No, I mean the guy you shacked up with in the honeymoon cottage on the Scottish moors. Could it be any more romantic?”
“You mean Michael.”
“Yes. The archangel Michael. ‘And the spirit of the Lord shall come upon you’—so to speak.”
“Brooke!”
“Don’t ‘Brooke!’ me. I can see it in your eyes. That guy dug his talons into you.”
“You’ve switched metaphors.”
“To what?”
“To Leda and the swan.”
“Whatever. Tell me about this hunk.”
Leah took a long breath then slowly exhaled, as she’d been taught in yoga class. She’d not thought about Michael for years, decades probably. What was there to say? What remained of that fleeting moment? “He wasn’t a ‘hunk.’ He was a beautiful soul.”
“Come on, Leah. Save the air brush for the romance novel.”
Leah raised her hand to silence her sister for once.
And, amazingly, Brooke obeyed.
Only then did Leah continue. “It wasn’t the Scottish moors; it was the Cumbrian highlands. And it wasn’t a honeymoon cottage, it was his grandparents’ summer home.”
Brooke started to protest, wanting to urge her sister along.
But Leah raised her hand, and Brooke held her tongue. Then Leah continued. “It was an accident. He ran into me with his bike. I got knocked out. He tended me till I was strong enough for us to walk to the village.”
“I bet he ‘tended’ you!”
“Brooke!”
“O.K. O.K. I’ll shut up.”
“Thank you.” She paused a moment then continued. “He was a gentleman in every way. I never felt threatened despite being in a very vulnerable position. If anything, I was in control. But no—that’s not right. Something else was in control—fate or some other force, willing us into that moment. All we had to do was accept it, and give thanks.”
“For what?”
Leah paused. What was it exactly? Finally she said, “For that moment cut out of time, all our own.”
“Puh-lease!”
“Do you want to know what happened or not?”
“All right. I’ll keep quiet.”
“He carried me to the cottage in the rain. He watched over me till I regained consciousness. He stitched my cut.” She paused and pulled her hair back to reveal the neat line of a scar in her scalp. “He made me dinner and breakfast. He walked with me to the next village.”
“Ah, see!”
“What?”
“Dinner and breakfast. You spent the night!”
“Of course I spent the night. I was in no shape to walk the twenty miles to the next town the day of the accident.”
“Alone overnight with the archangel in the honeymoon cottage with the silver glow of the moon pouring through the windows! How romantic!”
Leah laughed. “We really need to get you some male attention.”
“Tell me about it,” Brooke cried, adding a few panting breaths for emphasis.
Leah couldn’t help but laugh.
“So what happened?”
Leah raised her eyebrows in mock suspense. “I’ll never tell!”
“Leah!”
“Nothing happened, Brooke. I lost my virginity to Danny that night in his truck. My second exchange was with Whitfield on our wedding night. Michael was a dream, but not that kind of a dream.”
“You’re no fun.”
“You asked for the story.”
“And that’s all of it?”
“All of it.”
“One question?”
“What?”
“Who is Whitfield?”

Sometime in the night, Leah opened her eyes onto the room cast in a silver glow that seemed like a substance in the air, with weight and texture, that seemed almost alive—pulsing, adamant. And though her world was always soundless, she’d grown used to feeling very subtle vibrations radiated through the objects her body touched—the hum of air forced through a heating system, the purr of a refrigerator or well pump switching on. But in this space on this night, there were no subtle vibrations, no wind in the rafters making its way down the wall against which the cot was set. The combination of tangible light and utter stillness created a world that was completely new. Leah had her wits about her sufficiently to realize that everything about the past day—indeed, the past several months, her time in England—was totally new. But none of that newness was quite like this one, where her body and all its senses and sensibility seemed to merge into the glow around her, did merge into that silver light.
And as that silver light, could move freely about the room, confined within those four walls but with no desire to go anywhere else—this space the whole world, the entire universe for her at that moment.
And roam about it she did, across to the table, the counter, the washtub sink. She glanced out the low window to the right of the door and saw only blinding light, an abyss of light, as if her universe stopped at the rippled pane. She turned from that onslaught, back into the safe comfort of her world.
And she moved on to the corner to the left of the door, her destination all along. That was where Michael had laid out his sleeping bag. But that corner was so dark and shadowed that she had trouble discerning what was hidden there. She floated forward ever so slowly, not wanting to startle her host or, worse, step on his head! But even this close she still couldn’t see what lay in that corner. She could see the two walls intersecting at a right angle, and from that evidence deduce that she was only a few feet from the far wall. She dared not move any closer. She knelt on the floor and peered forward—still all darkness and shadow.
So she did what she had long ago learned to do at such impasses. She waited for the world to come to her.
And it did, slowly. She felt him before she saw him—his soft rhythmic exhalations on her hands cupped in her lap. And with the guide of his breathing directing her sight, she gradually made out the line of his sleeping profile against the only slightly lighter gray of the towel or pillow his head rested on. As strong and trusted as her eyesight was, she was more than a bit lost and confused in this dim cloistered corner. Was that rise beneath his chin his shoulder or hand or gathered blanket? How far into the gray dark did his body stretch? Was he on his back or his side or his stomach? What was the nature of his covers, his attire under the covers?
She waited beside him for sight to provide some answers to these uncertainties, for her eyes to grow still more accustomed to the dark. But her eyes had reached the limit of their ability. Even when she bent closer, closer, till she felt his breathing on her cheek, she still couldn’t determine the configuration of his repose or if his eyes were open or closed, his body awake or sound asleep.
But wouldn’t he show her if he was awake? Wouldn’t he make some sign, however subtle—come or stay or go? Then again, maybe he was—in sounds, having forgotten her deafness, thinking of other girls he’d greeted in the dark, called forth with a secret code of purrs and sighs.
But no. His breathing remained regular, unaltered by sending forth any kind of sound except the sounds of rest—or relaxation or welcome or waiting.
And then she knew. She couldn’t say how she knew, but she knew. He was waiting for her. Whether asleep and dreaming or soundlessly awake, he was waiting for her arrival every bit as much as she was waiting to arrive. 
She gave up on sight and closed her eyes, surrendered her life to touch. With an unerring instinct, she swung one leg across to the far side of his sleeping bag then one arm across his torso. And she slowly, ever so slowly and gently, lowered herself atop him, above his blanket.
He’d been sleeping on his side. But as he sensed her approach—sensed it first more than felt it, had been sensing it for minutes, hours, days—he easily rolled onto his back and waited for her.
She was there finally, fully resting atop him, her face against his, her lips.

Two weeks later, Leah and Neesa sat at the eating counter for their mid-afternoon snack. The day before, Neesa had had her second private lesson with Noelle; and last night, Leah, almost beside herself with interest and “curiosity” (her word to Noelle, though they both knew it was much more than that) had called Noelle to see what she thought about the ability of her new student.
“”She’s better than I thought—a lot better,” Noelle had said.
“How so?”
“I knew about her physical ability from the group classes—her explosiveness and precision. But it’s her interpretive instincts that are off the charts, and impossible to teach. We call it ‘seeing’ in the trade—the natural ability of your muscles to shape themselves to the music without choreographed guidance. Last night at the end of the lesson I took out a jazz piece and told her to give it a try, let her body shape itself to the music. I thought she’d be intimidated. Any other student I’ve had and most professionals I know would have given me a blank look like I was crazy. But Neesa just nodded, as if she’d been fulfilling such requests her whole life. I put on the music. She closed her eyes and was totally still for about thirty seconds. I’d begun to think she’d froze at the challenge and almost switched off the music. Then she started to dance—unleashed a sequence of advanced leaps I didn’t know she possessed. But it wasn’t the moves that impressed me most. It was her body’s interpretation and anticipation of the music. It was as if she’d gotten inside the composer’s head and knew what the next note would be, where the piece was going. She even knew when it would end, nailing a jump with a flawless land and holding the pose for the same protracted stillness with which she’d started the dance. You wouldn’t have believed it, Leah; I wish I had a video.”
Leah laughed. “Ask her to do it again, with your phone ready this time.”
“Believe me, I will.”
“So I guess you’ll keep her as a student.”
“Long as she wants.”
“What about school?”
“What about it?
“Are there any schools in the area where she could specialize in dance?”
Noelle laughed. “This is rural North Carolina, Leah! Moldy textbooks. Toilets that don’t flush. You’ll be lucky if they can spell ‘dance’—in English and Spanish, that is.”
“But dance is her motivation for going to school. Without it, she might skip it all together.”
“You really care about her.”
“And you don’t?”
Noelle paused. “I’m starting to.”
“So what do you suggest?”
“She could go to the School of the Arts in Winston-Salem. But she’d have to apply, audition, and be accepted. She’d lose a year.”
“Her mother is in Los Angeles.” The statement, and its implications, rose from nowhere and now loomed huge in her mind.
“I’m sure there are many more opportunities out there.”
Leah felt a sudden huge spasm of loss, akin to when she left Jasper at college four years before. She couldn’t imagine not having Neesa in her life, at least for a little while longer. “But her mother’s job is in transition. I’m not sure she’s ready for Neesa to move out there.”
“Well, school starts next month.”
“I know.”
“She needs to finish high school, and start thinking about colleges with dance programs.”
“That’s better than skipping school and trying out for a dance company?”
“Way better. She needs to be nurtured, Leah; not thrown into the shark tank. What would you want if she was your daughter?”
“To grow up slowly.”
“O.K. then.”
“So what can we do?”
“There’s the Sunrise School in Ashford,” she said, referring to a private school in the county seat one town south. “They don’t have a dance program per se but do offer a flexible curriculum based on each student’s needs and interests. They have a former pro football cheerleader on their staff, mainly for gymnastics and girls’ sports. But she can dance. We did a fund-raiser together last year. She can dance. They might welcome Neesa, for her ability and her skin color.”
“Skin color?”
“They have a charter stating a desire for racial diversity. Let’s just say they are having trouble fulfilling that goal with their high price tag and limited scholarships. There is that issue.”
Leah breathed a sigh of relief. “I’ll look into it.”

And she did, that morning before Neesa’s arrival after lunch. She made a phone call first thing then drove to the school for a meeting with the principal. She returned with a stack of forms and a plan that would have Neesa enrolled when the fall session began in five weeks.
“What are you going to do about school?” Leah asked as Neesa nibbled on her oatmeal raisin cookie.
Neesa frowned. “Don’t know, Miss Leah.”
“Leah.”
Neesa nodded but didn’t repeat the word.
“Any news from your mother?”
“Lots of news, but none about school. She don’t want to talk about it. She drop out when she sixteen to have me.”
“I didn’t know.”
Neesa nodded.
“She’s done well for herself.”
“For a dropout? Yeah. But she can’t get a regular job because she don’t meet the education requirements.”
“So she freelances.”
Neesa nodded.
“And what about you?”
“What about me?”
“Your education.”
Neesa shrugged. “She gonna let me figure it out.”
“She doesn’t care?”
“Oh, she care. She just don’t have the time to work it out for me. Guess she figure she did it alone, so can I.”
“And Etta?”
“Grandma never go to school. But she want me to go somewhere. County the only choice.”
“Maybe not.”
“Maybe not what?”
“County High may not be the only school option for you.” Leah proceeded to tell her about Sunrise School—its location, curriculum, dance possibilities (she hadn’t met the former pro cheerleader but had e-mailed her and set up an appointment for next week).
“Private?”
“Yes.”
“That means money.”
“That’s the best part, Neesa. They have scholarships for gifted students of color.”
“You mean ‘black’.”
Leah smiled. “African-American is one of the ethnicities covered by the scholarship.” She didn’t add that she had created the scholarship that very morning, in conversation with the school’s principal, with the understanding that it would go to Neesa the first year. The principal said he would have to take the proposal before the school’s board, and Leah would have to take it to Whitfield. But neither uncertainty fazed Leah. She’d make it work if she could get Neesa to accept. “So what do you think?”
“Private school?” Neesa repeated.
Leah nodded. “And college after that.”
Neesa looked up quickly.
Leah dialed back her enthusiasm. “If it worked out.”
Neesa paused for a long time as she finished her iced tea, the cubes rattling in the glass. “I’ll think about it.”
Leah nodded. “Good.”
“After I think about your class for tomorrow.”
Leah quailed. She’d almost forgot about her first private dance class with Neesa as instructor, scheduled for tomorrow morning in the cleared and now mirrored garage. She wasn’t looking forward to seeing her fleshy body through the eyes of the mirror or her young and lithe teacher. “What time?” she asked with genuine trepidation.
“Nine o’clock sharp.”
She nodded slowly. At least Whitfield wouldn’t be here to peek in at the proceedings, having called earlier today to cancel his visit for this weekend.

Leah woke to the smell of bacon frying. It seemed a substance in the air around her closed eyes, her blanketed body—not smoky or thick and greasy but warm and embracing with a gentle pull toward the new day in its fragrant pungency. She smiled to herself and wondered if Wordsworth had ever thought of the smell of bacon in such a way—as a metaphor for the welcome of mother earth and a call into one’s future. Well, if he hadn’t, he should have. She held the thought and the quite delicious, literally and figuratively, smell and allusion for a few more heartbeats before opening her eyes.
Brilliant sun poured through the windows to either side of the door and lit the entire room with a golden burst that was as all-encompassing and intoxicating to her sight as the bacon smell was to her sense of smell. She imagined Michael’s grandparents contemplating the location and orientation of their cottage, perhaps camping overnight on the eve of the summer solstice (and encountering who knows what sorts of nymphs and faeries) to await the rising sun, and on its rising placing a stake at the exact location of the future door to the cottage, and two more stakes to define the length and line of the front of the cottage, by then bathed in all that sun’s glorious golden light and blessing. She wondered briefly, fleetingly, in her innermost heart what it would be like to do just that—to set a stake at the center of her life, and two more stakes to define the line of her future.
Her gaze turned from those sun-enthralled windows to the only slightly dimmer view of the cookstove and the back of the figure working before it. He moved with such precision and grace, like a beautiful dancer hitting his marks but also radiating ease and transcendence outward. She’d never seen another human move like that, like liquid gold—and she watched everyone closely.
Or maybe this sense—all of it: the smell, the light, the man floating before her gaze—was the result of the haze enveloping her on waking, the residual effects of her dream that she couldn’t so much remember as feel. Or was it a dream? Where had she gone? What had she done?
She swung her legs off the cot and sat up on its edge. She kept the wool blanket draped over her shoulders. The room was cool but not cold, and warming quickly, even into this back corner, with the stove’s warmth and the sun’s radiance.  
Michael either heard or sensed her rousing and turned to face her holding a wooden fork in his hand. He smiled broadly and his lips moved in words that were too far away to read. 
Leah smiled back and offered a slight shrug.
Michael immediately realized his mistake and closed the few yards between them and knelt before her on one knee. He spoke slowly to her eyes. “I said, ‘Welcome to this beautiful day.’”
She nodded enthusiastically then gestured toward the sun’s light pouring through the windows, then wrapped her arms around herself, mimicking the sun’s effect on her and the room and, surely, the day beyond.
Michael found her every move utterly charming. “Yes. The whole world is wrapped in all the sun’s glory this morning. We don’t get many mornings like this up here. More typically mist and fog.” He frowned, pulled his body inward, and made a spooky face.
Leah understood and shook her head in response—But not this morning!
He agreed. “Not today! Did you sleep well?”
She nodded and brought her arms together as a cradle and gently rocked them back and forth.
Michael laughed. “Not been many babies out here, sleeping or otherwise.”
Leah pointed at him—You?
Michael considered the question. “Well, yes, I guess. Though I don’t remember. There’s a photo Mom took of me on Dad’s shoulders as he walked along The Heights. I was perhaps two.”
Leah nodded. Nice.
“I guess I have the wilds in my blood.”
Leah made a quick circle with her hand—All of us.
Michael turned to see if there were others in the room.
Leah actually laughed, an uncommon burbling in her throat.
Michael turned at the sound and laughed along with her.
Leah pointed to her Wordsworth volume on the floor beside the cot, then waved her arm to enclose all those that had passed this way before—poets and hikers and lovers and newlyweds and newly parents and maybe a faerie and nymph or two. All.
Michael stared a long time at the wonder before his eyes—a deaf stranger from across the ocean that perceived more in this place in eighteen hours than he’d seen in twenty-four years.
Leah bore his stare without flinching, welcoming his gaze. She knew she’d never seen anything more lovely.
His eyes lifted a few degrees to the swelling above her right temple. He gestured toward the bump. “Does it hurt?”
Leah shook her head, then bowed for him to get a better look.
He parted her fine golden hair and looked at the stitches and the cut. The wound was healing nicely with no signs of infection. He gently lifted her chin so she could see his words. “It looks good. You should be fine.”
She nodded. I know.
Their two faces were very close. He started to lean back, to rock back from his waist, when suddenly he stopped. He leaned forward quickly and kissed her lightly on her cheek. The touch of his lips on her skin produced an intense electricity for them both. Yet even that touch was nothing in comparison to the worlds and eternity that were exchanged across the inch or two of space that separated their open eyes. No words, no touch could have replicated or furthered that love.

Banks of clouds rolled past like celestial freight trains as they traversed the heights but no rain. They both tracked the sky closely but not from fear of a storm. They had their foul weather gear at the ready should a tempest rise. More importantly they had each other, ample buffer against the isolating effects of a gale. No, they watched the sky and its rolling clouds because in its bigness and all its motion and contrast it fairly mirrored the joint munificence of their hearts. Neither the budding doctor on leave from his designated calling nor the intrepid deaf adventurer from across the sea could have put these feelings into words. Yet they knew what perhaps so many of their predecessors on these heights had failed to see—that amidst this massive and sometimes unforgiving landscape, creation and creator returned their love, that the unbounded territory within their hearts was one with the unbounded sky above them, that it was one Heaven. And in the wonder and presumption of youth, neither grasped the singularity of the moment, their gift.
A dense patch of clouds lingered before the sun as they descended into the thickly vegetated valley that would eventually lead to the village. After the open spaces of the ridge, the dim light and the underbrush pushing close to the path made it seem to Leah at least that they were descending into some dark underworld. The thought produced a mix of feelings for her. She recalled from the “Childhood” section of The Prelude that the young Wordsworth often let his imagination fill the shadows of the wilderness with spirits of various sorts. She laughed to herself at the thought that she was falling prey to the same active imagination. Or was it imagination? Who could say just what lived out here?
To calm herself, she fixed her gaze on the brown canvas coat of Michael, plodding steadily in front of her on the narrow path without, she felt sure, a care in the world. Was he perhaps whistling a tune or greeting the creatures hidden in the wildness? Did he know fear? She reached forward and touched his shoulder.
He turned with an expression of concern. “You O.K.?”
She grinned thinly. She was embarrassed and not quite sure why she’d stopped him. She suddenly realized she had to pee and made that her excuse. But how to indicate that wish in sign language? She shrugged sheepishly and pointed to herself then gestured toward the bushes.
Michael understood. “Let me take your pack.”
She slid it off her back and into his arms. She turned and pointed to him then put her hands over her eyes.
He laughed and covered his eyes with her bulky pack before peeking around the edge.
She made a stern face and wagged her finger.
He lowered the pack. “I won’t look. I promise.” He gestured that he’d walk up the path a short distance and wait for her there.
She nodded then made her way slowly through a narrow break in the dense brush.
Michael found a fallen log beside the trail twenty yards farther on. He set both his pack and Leah’s behind the log and sat. Just then the clouds moved beyond the sun and golden dapples of light made their way through the leaves to the mossy forest floor. In that transition, Michael felt a sudden ache. He had no idea why.
A uniformed man on a bike made his way slowly up the path toward Michael. When still a short distance away, the man waved then got off the bike and walked toward him. Michael recognized the man as Constable Miller from the village.
“Michael, my lad,” Constable Miller said as he approached pushing his bike. Everyone in the village were lads and lassies to Constable Miller. “Taking a bit of rest?”
Michael nodded. “Waiting on the sun.”
“Aye. She’ll arrive,” the officer said.
“What brings you out this way, Constable?”
“Missing person.”
“On The Heights?”
“We don’t know, lad. Young Yank walking by herself. Should have arrived last eve.”
Michael grinned. “Golden hair? About so tall?” Michael held his hand out.
“What do you know, lad?”
“She had an unfortunate encounter with my bicycle during a storm yesterday afternoon. Took a bit of a blow to the head.”
“And?”
“I patched her up and tended her till she was strong enough to walk out.”
“So where is she, lad?”
At just that moment Leah emerged from the bushes and started down the path toward them, adjusting the belt to her jeans as she approached.
“Why, right there, Constable Miller.”

Leah stood in the open doorway from their garage into the house. She was dressed in her dance gear and slippers and feeling self-conscious. Neesa had opened the garage door on the bright and slightly cooler August morning. She looked down the short drive to the cul-de-sac to see if any of their neighbors were out strolling or walking their dogs. But the road was empty. Most of the neighboring houses were empty this week, her mix of retiree neighbors off on end-of-summer jaunts or beach trips. She wondered at their lives, that lifestyle. Was she ready to become that woman—retiree housewife—here on out?
The thought was broken by the sudden incessant beat of a vaguely familiar disco song from the seventies. Neesa adjusted the volume and bass on her digital boombox plugged into one of the garage’s wall outlets, then stood in place, ramrod straight and still as a statue. The disco tune paused also for three breath-holding seconds then exploded in a raucous blur of sound marked by a thumping back beat. Neesa, apparently unaware of Leah’s presence, exploded too, bounding into a series of spins like an uncoiling spring, unleashed like a mad top, seeming to fly through the air, floating above the gray slab, her bare feet touching the concrete for the briefest of instants before sending her airborne again. Then the music paused; and Neesa did also, in exact synchronization, locked in a taut crouch, her face hidden in her arms folded over her knees. Then the song resumed, this time in a more rhythmic, less percussive theme. And Neesa, the folded gazelle, uncoiled into a graceful swan, mixing classical moves with her own modern accents, her amazing athleticism still on display but now under control, her body evoking whimsy, the stuff of placid and playful dreams.
Leah watched from her perch three steps above the floor through the end of the song. Neesa never looked her way, seemed oblivious to anything around her, lost in the music and the matching moves of her body. It was unclear if this were a practiced dance or something utterly spontaneous, which Leah’s trained eye recognized as intentional, an unconscious artistic statement bridging expressionist improv and calculated choreography. But within and all around this measured assessment, Leah was dazzled, not only by the dance but by the very presence of this young woman in her garage, in her life. Where had she come from? Where would she take her?
The song ended. Neesa fished the small remote from under the dark waistband of her gray yoga pants and hit pause. 
Leah clapped twice. “That was amazing!”
Neesa made a graceful dancer’s bow, eyeing her form in the large mirror mounted on the wall opposite. Then she stood and laughed. “Just warming up, Miss Leah.”
“Leah,” she corrected then walked down the few steps into the garage.
“Can’t keep my maid’s subservience out here?”
“Since when were you ever subservient?”
Neesa shrugged. “It’s a work in progress.”
Leah opened her mouth to challenge that but swallowed her words unspoken, realizing that Neesa was more accurate than even she knew.
“Ready for your first lesson, Leah?” Neesa asked.
“Hope it doesn’t include anything as demanding as that song!”
Neesa laughed. “I’ve got the perfect music picked out for you.”
And she did, a mix of soft rock with some classical favorites, all designed to gently stretch Leah’s abilities without making her feel pushed too hard or inadequate to the request, with Neesa demonstrating each move patiently then watching and helping Leah then doing the move in tandem with her student, the two of them watching the paired figure in the mirror, often laughing, sometimes sighing at the completion of a move or combination.
Late in the session, Neesa twined her legs, rose on her toes, and gracefully raised her arms in a gentle arc above her head as the music slowly faded in a long denouement.
Leah marveled at the sight as the music ended and Neesa just as gracefully untwined her body. “No way!” she said when Neesa nodded toward her.
Neesa nodded. “You can do this.”
Leah shook her head.
Neesa nodded and said a firm “Yes.” She replayed the classical sonata’s closing crescendo.
Leah still shook her head but took the necessary steps back to attempt the move Neesa had demonstrated. Two long strides helped her start the spin that twisted her legs together as she raised herself up on the arched ball of one foot, simultaneously lifting her arms skyward, the momentum of the strides and the call of the music coalescing her body into a single artistic gesture and purpose. She was there!
But as the music’s chords held for one second, two seconds, three, the momentum of her strides faded and gravity began to take over. She felt herself falling from the pose. Well, at least she had tried.
Then Neesa’s hand caught hers still locked above her head, steadied her in the stance, held it till the music ended.
