


Leashed

By Zoe Dawson and Published by Blue Moon Creative, LLC

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Copyright 2012 by Blue Moon Creative, LLC

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

The author acknowledges the copyrighted or trademarked status and trademark owners of the following wordmarks mentioned in this work of fiction: Jeep Sahara, Pottery Barn, Disney.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Find Zoe Dawson on the web!
www.zoedawson.com/
www.twitter.com/ZoeDawsonAuthor
www.facebook.com/zoedawsonauthor1
www.goodreads.com/zoedawson

Cover Design by Robin Ludwig Design, Inc.
www.rldprint.com/



Acknowledgments
I’d like to thank Sarra Cannon for all her encouragement and support as I embark on this self-publishing adventure.  I owe a debt of gratitude to both Bridget Foy for believing in me and Dare Cook for her beta reading.  Thank you, also, to Faith Freewoman for her excellent advice and editing skills.




Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
About The Author



Chapter One
A woman’s laughter drifted into the hall as Callie Lassiter trudged home. She glared at Owen McKay’s door as she slipped her key into the lock of her trendy Tribeca loft. Sounded like Owen was having much more fun on his date than she’d had on hers.
Yep, another dating disaster. Okay, so not as much a disaster as a ho-hum snooze fest. With an inner sigh, she reflected on this evening’s dating fiasco. He was nice. Quite nice, but he might as well have been an amoeba, because she’d felt no attraction. None. When had dating become so…rote?
Since she decided a man with an edge was not an option. Yep, she was a bad boy junkie, but often addictive things were just plain not good for you. Like chocolate. Also not good for you. Still, Callie couldn’t help but feel let down.
The laughter tinkled again, sweet and clear. Envy twisted in her stomach and pressed against her chest. She threw his door another glare. She bet the woman Owen was entertaining looked like one of those high-fashion models she usually saw hanging on his arm in the New York Scoop photos she pretended not to notice. The guy was gorgeous; of course he would only date high-quality arm candy, never a girl-next-door type like Callie.
He also had to keep up appearances. As one of Manhattan’s players, he owned FLASH, a classy nightclub that everyone in the city considered the place to see and be seen. He was often reported to be with a different woman each week. But even his stylish clothes and expensive, hip haircut couldn’t disguise his true nature. And she’d learned the hard way that untamable, audacious, and daring meant Bad Boy with capital Bs.
At least there was one male eager to see her, one she could depend on, and who was always excited to greet her as she came through the door. And this enormous boy wasn’t at all boring.
Pushing the door open, she braced herself for her exuberant but well-trained Great Dane, Jack. He was right there to greet her, as always, and Callie kissed him on the bridge of his black and white nose.
She deposited her Judith Leiber vintage clutch on the hall table and gave her full attention to Jack.
He filled the doorway with his big body. Every time they did their welcome-home ritual, she was grateful for the first skill she had taught Jack—not to jump up. With a dog this large, it would be unpleasant, and could be dangerous to small children.
“Hi there, Jack! Who’s a good boy?” Callie cooed as she stroked Jack’s head and rubbed all over his silky fur. She wouldn’t be able to get past this cheerful, affectionate two hundred pound bundle of canine energy without first paying the entry fee of a big dose of love, which she did gladly. 
She was having so much fun with Jack that she barely noticed a door open down the hall, followed by a brief conversation before the door closed and footsteps retreated toward the elevator.
Grabbing Jack’s leash, she clipped it to his collar, headed back out the door, and locked it behind them. She enjoyed their walks as much as he did, and did them as often as her busy business allowed. And since she was the boss and owner of Sit Happens, an obedience and dog training business on the Lower East Side, she could build her schedule to suit her needs, and Jack’s. “I had a really disappointing date,” Callie confided as they headed down the hall.
Jack’s ears pricked and he made a comforting sound. Then, prancing with excitement, he proceeded to get tangled in his leash. As Callie bent down to unravel him, she heard a most unwelcome voice behind her.
“Your Dane is big enough to be a pinto, and he has the right two-tone coloring.”
Callie’s bad boy meter shot up into the red zone. Owen McKay would have to mock her. There he stood in all his glory, just outside his loft door, his hip cocked and his intent eyes studying her. Naturally, Owen lived in the most modern and sleek of all the lofts her brother and his outrageously creative friends had produced. As if his clothes were a natural extension of his upscale residence, he had on a black crew neck sweater and a pair of sinfully tight black leather pants, accentuating narrow hips and hard, strong-looking thighs. His come-hither eyes traveled slowly over her, and she realized that she was staring and holding her breath. 
Instructing herself to snap out of it, she mentally reiterated her vow never to get involved with another man who was dangerous, unpredictable, a rebel who didn’t care whose feelings got hurt. Callie firmly reminded herself why she had stopped dating selfish and emotionally unavailable men. She was the one who usually got hurt.
She straightened and stood for a moment in silent agony. Why did she become speechless every time she saw Owen? Thank God it only happened with him, or she’d be out of business in a week!
“His markings are referred to as Harlequin.” Oh, my God! Did that nonsense come out of her mouth in that stuffy, schoolmarmish-correcting-the-student-tone? She should find a comfortable and quiet spot to bang her head repeatedly against the wall. Hard.
He smiled as if he was indulging her. “I know.”
A big, dark muzzle pushed its way out of his half-open loft door. The big body came after, the dog’s tail wagging so hard her whole body shook. 
“Ah, another Dane lover.” Then he probably wasn’t all bad. Maybe.
Owen reached inside the door and grabbed a leash, then closed and locked his door. “Yes, I am. I’m Owen McKay, by the way, and this is Jill.” He clipped the leash to the fawn-colored bitch’s collar. “Time for your walk, girl.”
“No way.”
He shot her a puzzled look.
“Meet Jack. And I’m Callie Lassiter,” she said with a grin.
Owen laughed, and it was like a rich, decadent dessert. Incredibly tempting and probably very bad for her.
At the moment she was distracted by Owen’s hot-fudge-sundae laugh, Jack made a totally unexpected, lightning move, all the while crooning a soft woofing noise deep in his throat. “Jack, heel!”
Jack merely jerked the leash out of her hand as he bolted for the pretty female.
Her dog’s completely uncharacteristic behavior left her speechless, and, for critical seconds, completely at a loss.
“Jack!”
Jill coyly sidestepped Jack as Callie zipped down the hall and caught her dog’s collar, but moving two hundred unwilling pounds was impossible. “Jack, sit!”
Incredibly, he ignored her again.
In the meantime, Jill danced around her master with Jack in hot pursuit. Jill’s leash wrapped around Owen, and then around Callie, at the same time that Jack’s loose leash got snagged around their ankles. In moments they were completely entangled with the dogs and with each other.
The clinging black crew neck shirt he wore felt soft under her fingers as she clutched him for balance. His pecs were thick and hard, his scent and physicality making her feel weak in the knees while her insides melted into a gooey mess.
This close, she could see that his irises were a vivid blue, shot with deep gold and rimmed in black. His eyes were intense and compelling, and she felt her interest in him deepen. Damn!
In spite of the canine commotion surrounding them, she could not shake off this man’s spell! At least she couldn’t until she felt the leashes tighten and yank her off-balance and into a tangled heap with Owen on top.
And then her brain seized up completely when one of those hard thighs pushed between her legs and that flat stomach came up against hers.
For a suspended moment she took in his gorgeous, masculine features backdropped by thick black hair that was mussed and sexy. His mouth was close to hers, lips pursed and so sensual. Her mouth tingled and ached with wondering what they would feel like against hers. Almost as though he also could feel the magnetic connection vibrating between her mouth and his, he angled his head toward her, his eyes on her lips.
His lazy smile captivated her, coiling low and deep inside. And she could feel herself softening, heating, pulsing with a need to press against his thigh, which was parked so temptingly close to her center.
She heard a woof in the distance and something prodded her with the impression that the sound was important. When she heard it growing more distant, she snapped out of her daze.
“Jack!”
“Jill!”
Owen moved off her quickly, but the hall was empty and the door to the stairs was wide open.
“Holy crap!” Callie shouted as she took off down the hall. When she reached the stairs, she saw Jill’s leash and broken collar. “She must have gotten it caught on the railing. Damn, Owen. Without her tags it’ll be hard to identify her.”
“Don’t worry. She has one of those ID chips. Thanks for caring, though.”
The warmth of his voice made her sigh softly, in spite of her desperation to find Jack before something happened to her precious two-year-old.
“Jack does, too,” she said breathlessly as they raced down to the lobby, but the dogs were nowhere to be found. Callie covered her mouth, fighting tears. She ran out the door and into the street.
“How do you think they got out? This is so unlike Jack. He never runs away.”
“Jill’s gotten away from me a couple of times.”
“Jack!” Callie called. “Come!”
She took off down West Broadway towards the Hudson River with a lump in her throat that was pure fear. Where was he? This street led directly to the Hudson, and he could be hit by a car, or catch his paw in a pothole, or any number of other dangers that could befall her precious baby. 
Night had fallen, and even though streetlights illuminated the sidewalks, it was slow going. They stopped people as they ran, asking them if they’d seen the two Danes. After she and Owen searched corners and doorways and alleys for more than an hour, they decided to return home and see if the dogs had found their way back. 
“I can’t believe this.” Callie felt tears welling again as they finally reached their building. “I’m going to call the recovery company right now.”
Owen touched her arm, a comforting warmth. “I’m sure it won’t take long to find him then.”
“I hope so. He’s never been alone and in this city…”
But when they walked into the building, both their rascals were cozied up next to the elevator, their big heads snugly nestled on each other’s bodies.
“Jack!” Callie called, so happy to see him she didn’t even scold.
He got up and came trotting over. She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him. “It’s getting late, but he still needs a walk,” she said to herself.
“So does Jill. Could you keep her occupied until I run upstairs and get her other collar and leash?”
“No problem.”
While Callie waited for Owen to come back, she struggled to shut out memories of the hot, etched-permanently-in-your-mind night she’d once spent with a sexy bad boy who’d encouraged her to be as reckless and wicked as she dared. But, she firmly reminded herself, she’d grown up, left that phase of her life after one too many emotionally unavailable men. Her sexy neighbor was off-limits. Totally. Off. Limits.
The moment in the hallway when his body had been pressed to hers was incredibly sensual, though… It had made her remember what it had been like to experience that twist of excitement, that overwhelming attraction that made her want to risk her safety and her sanity just to get close to a man.
When Owen came back downstairs, he was wearing a light coat and an air of detachment that effectively obliterated her budding fantasies.
“Thanks,” he said, slipping the collar over Jill’s head. “It was nice to finally meet you.”
“Yes, we’re now well acquainted.” Oh, my God! How lame that sounded. Where was that head-banging wall anyway?
As Owen moved past her towards the front door, Jack whined. Callie kept a tight hand on his collar and waited until Owen was out the door and had turned down the street before following.
“Yeah,” Callie said softly, her eyes on Owen, but her words were for Jack’s ears only. “I know exactly how you feel.”
#
“Someone just walked into her apartment and took it right off the couch.”
“A pillow?”
“That’s what I heard. But, her door was unlocked. Her husband had just run downstairs for a paper. Lesson learned. I’d say.”
“What would a thief want with a pillow?”
Callie didn’t wait to hear the answer as she ushered Jack toward the door and past two women talking next to the mailboxes. Today Jack was behaving like his old self, instantly obeying her every command.
They crossed West Broadway at the traffic light and walked until she reached the Union Square Dog Run. Brooke Palmer was already there with her bulldog Roscoe. Waving to Brooke, Callie went through the gate and closed it behind her, latching it securely.
“Hey,” Brooke said to Callie, and then to Jack, “How’s my big boy?” She rubbed Jack’s head. “When are you bringing him in again for grooming?” Brooke owned Pawlish, a high-end dog spa that catered to the wealthy dog owners of Manhattan.  She was presently in the middle of an impressive expansion to her business.
Roscoe and Jack sniffed each other and then ran off to wrestle around together. “Next week. I don’t think I can fit it in this week. My schedule is too full.” Callie sat, crossing her legs as she leaned back against the park bench.
“He’s always so well-behaved, not like Kristen Davis-Wright’s fidgety poodle. I wish that woman would take her dog somewhere else,” Brooke said, pushing back her dark hair in exasperation.
Just then Harper Sinclair and her standard poodle, Blue, entered the park. Harper released her dog and watched her race off to meet up with Roscoe and Jack, but not before Callie noticed the sparkling collar around Blue’s neck.
 Harper’s grandfather owned large parcels of land in the City and had made a large fortune from both selling land and developing it. His moneymaking talents had obviously been inherited by her friend. Case in point her poodle’s undoubtedly diamond-studded collar. The poodle was a best-in-show blue-ribbon moneymaker, but Harper never treated her like anything but a dog. No pampering for Edgewood Sky High Blue.
Her pedigree was clear in the exquisite lines of the poodle’s solid body, but Blue’s registered name always made Callie smile. It was derived from her sire, Topgun, and the dam’s name of Freefalling – resulting in Sky High Blue. Or Blue for short. And, champion or not, the silver-grey poodle joined right in with the ruckus.
“What’s going on with the bling?” Callie asked.
Harper sighed. “Grandmother Sinclair strikes again. She’s staying with me for a few days. She made me put it on Blue before we left.”
“It’s real? A diamond dog collar?” Brooke asked, an incredulous look on her face. “I thought Davis-Wright was overindulgent.”
“Yes, fifty thou worth. Can you imagine walking your dog around Manhattan with that thing around her neck? Grandmother Sinclair is a few diamonds short in her tiara. Hopefully people will think it’s fake. But, if I were mugged, I’d give them the damn thing. I don’t think Blue likes it much.”
“For your safety, you should leave it at home,” Brooke advised.
“I can only try,” Harper said. “By the way, ladies, whose idea was it to meet at eight-thirty on a Saturday morning?” Harper groused. In her Vuitton coat and designer sunglasses, she looked like a rich snoot, but Harper was as down to earth as dirt.
“Scoot over, I’m bushed, too much party and not enough sleep,” she said, working her way onto the bench between Callie and Brooke.
“My heart bleeds for you,” Callie said sarcastically.
“Social climbing is a full-time job,” Harper said, flashing a wily grin. She shrugged out of her caramel and cream coat, fluffing up her golden locks.
“Right,” Brooke said, rolling her eyes. “And I seem to recall that it was your idea to meet at this hour.”
She paused in mid-fluff, turning to look at Brooke. “Was I sober at the time?”
“I think so,” Brooke said, smiling indulgently.
“Well, damn. I guess I should realize I need my beauty sleep before blurting out ungodly meeting times.”
“Are you already picking on Harper?” Poe Madigan asked from behind them as she followed her Jack Russell terriers, affectionately known as The Terrible Two or the triple T for short, who came trotting into the park like they owned it. Edgar and Allan were notorious little shits.
Poe settled on the bench next to Callie as her dogs raced off. Poe was aptly named, with her blue-streaked hair, raven tattoo and the whole Goth vibe. She planned to open a veterinary practice when her hospital internship was completed in the spring, and Callie was sure Poe’s Cornell DVM would guarantee plenty of patients. 
“Harper brings it on herself,” Brooke said, picking up the interrupted thread.
“I need to get a second job. New York is so much more expensive than Ithaca,” Poe announced, her face showing that she was already stressed about it.
“Oh, sweetie, I can help.”
“No, Harper, it’s not up to you to support me. I can make my own way. I didn’t bring it up to get sympathy. I just wanted to let you all know that I might not make it some Saturdays for our play date.”
“I don’t like the sound of that,” Callie said. “We’ll miss you and the triple T’s.” Callie slipped her arm around her friend’s shoulder and squeezed, giving her a reassuring smile.
“I don’t know what kind of schedule I’ll have, so don’t worry yet. Thanks, though.” Poe returned the smile and squeezed Callie’s hand, then wrapped her arm around Harper’s shoulders to give her a quick hug.
“Not to change the subject, Poe, but how did your first laser surgery go?” Brooke asked.
“Great. It was fascinating, and Dr. Martin let me do everything while he supervised. I can’t wait to do another one.”
“Would that be the cute Dr. Martin?”
Poe blushed and looked away. “He’s pretty cute.”
“Ask him out,” Harper urged.
“No. That’s not my thing. A guy should ask a woman out. Besides, I’m afraid I’ll just make some obscure reference. He’ll stare at me and not know what to say. Then, I’ll say something even worse. Then we’ll find it awkward whenever we’re together at work. Or he’ll just look at me and realize I’m a geek.”
“My date last night almost put me to sleep,” Callie said.
“How disappointing. But I can top that.  I got a text from Sam, the guy I’ve been dating for a week. He said, and I quote, ‘Can I reserve u for our next date?’ Reserve me? What am I? A restaurant?” Brooke asked.
“Did he spell out you?” Poe asked.
“Nope. Used ‘u’ like we’re still in high school. What is it with guys who can’t spell out you? It’s not like the phone company charges you per letter,” Brooke said.
“It’s just plain lazy,” Poe chimed in.
“The boring date was something I could handle, but I had a close encounter with The Stud.”
“Owen McKay. He’s bad news. A love ’em and leave ’em bad boy,” Brooke said. “You’ve read the New York Scoop.”
“I know, but every time I get near him, I lose it. He has a fawn-colored Great Dane that Jack lusted after to the point where he completely ignored me and yanked his leash out of my hand. That dog of his could really benefit from some training.”
“Callie, you’re getting off topic,” Brooke pointed out.
“Sorry. His dog tripped us, and we ended up on the floor and Mr. Gorgeous landed on top of me with his thigh right between my legs.”
“Owen is great in bed,” Harper said.
All conversation stopped while the group turned in unison to look at her. Harper laughed. “Oh! No! Don’t look at me like that. I didn’t get naked with him. I just heard that.”
“That’s a relief,” Callie said. “Wait. What am I saying? I got myself hurt constantly in college by all the bad boys I dated. It wouldn’t be smart to get involved with Owen. It would have been better if you had been intimate with him.”
Even though Callie acknowledged that Owen probably was a bad bet, she was secretly very glad Harper hadn’t done the deed with him. It would make him off limits, and part of her wasn’t against that, but another naughtier and less reasonable part of her was giddy. 
“I don’t want to sleep with him, but you do,” Harper said smugly.
“He makes me melt.” All three women groaned. “I know, but it’s true.”
“You’re smart to steer clear. Emotionally unavailable men don’t change,” Brooke said.  “Now don’t give me that sad face. It’s for your own good.”
“But we all wish they would change,” Poe said wistfully.
Callie couldn’t agree more.
Just then Edgar ran up to a little girl who was holding an ice cream cone.  Just as she bent down to pet him, Allan swooped in and stole the treat.
“Edgar and Allan,” Poe scolded. “I’ve told you no team tagging children!”
The Terrible Two ran off to enjoy the spoils and all four women broke out into laughter.  Poe made amends by buying the little girl another cone and warned her to keep away from the little varmints.
#
Three weeks had passed since the incident in the hallway with Owen McKay, and Callie was still telling herself she was relieved that he hadn’t spoken to her or tried to ask her out. She knew her mind was strong, but her flesh was definitely still weak, even without renewed temptation. 
But today when she got home from work, she found a note from Owen on her door. It said simply, “I need to talk to you.”
Callie left Jack safely locked in the loft and walked across the hall to knock on Owen’s door, determinedly ignoring the shiver of anticipation that coursed through her.
It seemed an eternity passed before he opened the door, but it was worth the wait. This time he was wearing only a pair of soft, faded jeans slung low on his hips, and nothing else. His features were just as gorgeous as she remembered, but his lean jaw was clenched tight. His dark hair was a wet, disheveled, enticing mess around his head, making it clear that he’d only just ruffled it with a towel after stepping out of the shower. He looked so sinfully sexy he literally took her breath away. The dreams and fantasies of Owen that she’d spun over the past three weeks paled in comparison to the real thing.
He folded his arms across his broad, bare chest and leaned against the doorframe, his entire demeanor tense.
“We have a situation here.”
“A situation?” Callie repeated, her heart starting to beat faster.  Oh, God.  Was he going to ask her out?
“Jack knocked Jill up.”
Her expectations went thump.  “Whaaaaat?”
“Jill’s going to have puppies, and Jack’s the only possible father.”



Chapter Two
“Oh, my God.” Her dark green eyes widened, and he was struck by how expressive they were. “Are you sure?”
His dog was going to have puppies, but that wasn’t the worst of it. He now was tied to this sweet, girl-next-door type he’d done his utmost to avoid. She didn’t have the white picket fence, but she might as well have. Sharks like him swam in dark, murky waters, just waiting to gobble up a tasty morsel like Callie.
When he’d discovered that his dog was pregnant and realized that the culprit had to be Callie’s Dane Jack, he’d thought about keeping mum. She wouldn’t have known. But his conscience wouldn’t let him. She had the right to know. But his problem was that Callie was too tempting and much too sweet for him. “Yes, I’m sure. There’s no other way she could be pregnant.”
He moved back and, just like an exotic scent on a restless wind, she followed him into his loft. He deliberately left the door open, as if that would protect her from him. “Were you planning to breed her?”
“No. I don’t know anything about breeding a Great Dane, nor am I interested in doing it.” Taking responsibility for Jill was more than he really wanted. But, he’d loved his Great Aunt Matilda, and he knew she hadn’t wanted him to be lonely. That had been the trouble with Matilda; her shrewd old eyes had missed very little.
“Then may I ask why she wasn’t spayed?” Her earnest expression only made him want to reach out and do something naughty to change it. His eyes slid over her, from her golden-brown hair down to her serviceable, flat-heeled shoes. He was a master at reading body language, especially female body language, and even as his eyes returned to her face, he noticed how she leaned toward him. He was sure she wasn’t even aware of it. It made his blood heat to a slow burn.
He dragged his hand through his hair, irritated with the whole situation. It was bad enough he had to be across the hall from all that temptation, now she had to become a part of his life. But it was futile to fight against it. “My great aunt had planned to breed her, apparently. She was a bit eccentric, but I loved her. She died five weeks ago and left the dog to me. I had no idea Jill hadn’t been spayed. Turns out it’s one of the reasons she is so unruly. Plus my great aunt indulged her shamelessly.”
“I’m sorry about your great aunt. What was her name?” The words were obviously heartfelt, and her eyes conveyed her genuine sympathy. He was both touched and terrified by her completely open compassion, the sympathy in her eyes, and the soft cadence of her voice. Really, he should run like hell in the other direction rather than spend any more time with this woman. 
“Matilda is…was her given name, but I always called her Aunt Tilly.” He nodded, struggling against the sudden emotion that clogged his chest. That was the thing about grief. It snuck up on him when he wasn’t looking and wasn’t prepared. 
“So, you must have had no clue that Jill was in heat.”
He heard the jingle of Jill’s collar tags and glanced down the spacious loft to see her emerge from his bedroom. She was a lean, lithe silhouette against the backdrop of New York and the setting sun. “No. But in retrospect, I can see that she’d been behaving differently.”
Catching her gaze traveling over his chest, he suddenly wished he’d taken the time to throw on a shirt before he opened the door. She wet her lips and everything in him tightened. “Well, if it’s any consolation, Jack is registered.”
When her words penetrated his aroused brain, he groaned. “Oh, man. Now I feel like I’ve stolen a stud fee from you.”
Callie laughed. “I wouldn’t say that you stole it exactly, but Jack’s sire and dam are champions, and my parents are the breeders. Jack-of-All-Trades is his sire and his dam is Pot of Gold. Jack’s registered name is Lassiter Run’s Jackpot.”
He might be portrayed as a ruthless rogue of a nightclub owner in the New York Scoop, and he would agree that some of it was true, but most of the rag’s stories about him were pure fantasy. But he wasn’t a thief and he certainly hadn’t meant to breed his dog to Callie’s. His thoughts returned to what she was saying and then it registered.
 “Oh, crap. Jack-of-All-Trades? The champion Great Dane that has won more shows than any other Dane? Ha, great. Are your parents going to be angry?”
“How do you know about Jack’s sire?”
“My aunt. She followed all the dogs and their ranks. She loved to talk about it, especially at the end. I listened.”
“They’ve been planning on putting Jack to stud, that’s why he wasn’t neutered. I don’t know how they will take the news, but they’ll be thrilled that he can perform.” 
Owen laughed and Callie smiled. His chest felt tight. Again.
“He’s only two,” she continued, “so my parents were waiting until he was a little older.”
The only warning that he had before Jill sailed over the sofa like an Olympic-class hurdler was the jingle of her tags. She sprinted out the door and made a mad dash to Callie’s door.
The dog’s shoulder hit Callie, and she twisted away and landed with a thump on his dark mahogany floor as a whoosh exploded from her. She pushed herself up and snapped, “That dog is a menace.”
“I’m sorry,” he responded as he reached down and helped her up. Owen could hear Jack whining and pawing on the other side of Callie’s door.
Jill snuffled along the edge of the threshold, pacing back and forth.
They walked into the hall and Owen grabbed Jill’s collar. “This is a mess, but the worst part is that I’m freaked out about Jill.”
Callie stopped in front of her door and said, “Quiet, Jack,” but the crying continued. “What do you mean?”
“I have a pregnant dog. Does she need special food? Vitamins? What happens when she goes into labor? ‘I don’t know nothin’ about birthing no puppies.’”
Callie laughed. “Calm down, Prissy,” she said, continuing Owen’s Gone With The Wind joke. “We’ll fetch a doctor to help out.”
“Ha ha.”
Callie sobered. “Have you had her checked?”
“At a clinic, and I’m not taking her back there. I don’t have a lot of confidence in their ability to handle my dog.”
“Well, I have a friend who is doing her DVM residency at St. Mark’s Veterinary Hospital. I’m sure she would make a house call.”
Owen felt relief flood him. “That would be great.”
“She could recommend a vet from the hospital, too, because you’ll want to take her for regular checkups during her pregnancy.”
“I really appreciate your help with this.” He looked away as he struggled to balance his desire to avoid getting close to this woman with the needs of his dog, and the sneaky, self-sabotaging inclinations of his traitorous body. Finally he decided it was better to take the plunge. “Would you be willing to provide Jill with some training?”
Initially, Callie looked wary. He couldn’t really blame her, given that he hadn’t exactly planned to ask until his mouth opened and the words popped out.
“Of course,” she finally said and dug into her pocket, pulling out a business card.
Owen took the card, allowing his fingers to slide along hers. They tingled as she pulled her hand away.
And then he had to laugh immediately at her business name. “Sit Happens. Clever.” Their chance bond was as unexpected as it was unwanted, and her adorable sense of humor only made the situation more difficult. At least for him.
“I have three girlfriends who are great at brainstorming. You should have heard some of the names they came up with. But a little humor is a good thing, and my business is thriving, as you’ll see when you bring Jill in for her first lesson, say on Monday.”
“So you’re Manhattan’s dog whisperer?”
Callie chuckled.
“Monday’s fine. How about eleven?”
She nodded. “I also think my parents will want to see Jill. Do you mind coming with me when I go to Harrison tomorrow afternoon? I can bribe you with a delicious, homemade meal. My mother is a dream cook. It’s only a half hour outside the city.”
“Will there be dessert?”
“Of course.”
“I’m in, then, and it’s the least I can do.”
“Owen?”
He turned to find Celeste Hearne, his new club manager standing at his elbow. He looked back at Callie and saw her eyes shutter as they traveled over the stunning woman. “Callie, this is Celeste.”
Callie nodded at her in greeting. “I need to feed Jack. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
Owen wanted to tell her the truth. He wanted to tell her that Celeste was his business manager, not his current squeeze, but he kept quiet. It was better this way. Better she believed him to be the playboy the Scoop followed avidly. He wasn’t into commitment, and Callie was the type of woman who would expect it. Owen knew that he’d only break her heart.
Owen gazed after her anyway as she slipped inside her loft, having to fight an agitated Jack, who gave her a very mournful doggie groan as she shut the door on his ladylove.
“I thought you went for the more…glamorous type, Owen.” When he just gave her a stern look, she shrugged and continued. “I didn’t mean to interrupt, but you wanted to go over the recent figures for the club, and I couldn’t reach you on the phone.”
“No, it’s fine.” He indicated she should precede him into the loft, dragging Jill with him and shutting the door. Jill eyed him, and then the door, and then him again with a very sad look on her face, but Owen ignored it. When she finally lay down in front of the door, he transferred his attention to Celeste.
As recently as last week, he’d been toying with the idea of getting her into bed. She would understand the score, but now he felt uninterested for the first time in his life. Callie’s lovely face and her heartfelt genuineness filled his imagination, and he shook his head abruptly. A part of him longed for that, but it just came with too many strings.
“Let’s get to those numbers,” he said, his voice rougher than he intended, as Celeste followed him into his home office.
#
The fact that she had been right about what type of woman Owen went for didn’t make her feel any better. Wow, those gypsy eyes, and that perfect face, not to mention her dark, curly, just-out-of-bed hair and hot, slamming bod. Callie realized she didn’t stand a chance against exotic-looking Celeste.
Wrong, wrong, wrong! She shouldn’t be thinking about Owen at all. She stalked into the kitchen, feeling downright infuriated as she prepared Jack’s dinner. He hadn’t followed her in, so she suspected he was pouting. Well, let him pout. That female dog was freakin’ out of control. The way she jumped over the couch like a gazelle was truly something to behold. But no dog owner should put up with that kind of behavior.
Unless. Callie wondered if she was a natural for agility training. Owen looked pretty athletic, with all his tight muscles. He actually might enjoy bonding with Jill that way. She’d broach the subject and see what he thought.
“Are you hiding from me, mister?” Jack made another grunting noise and Callie couldn’t help but smile. She was glad he couldn’t see her. “You’ve got some ‘splainin’ to do, young man.”
She pursed her lips and made rapid kissing noises as she set his bowl down. Jack came to the kitchen door and gave her a sheepish look. “Dinner,” she said and pointed to the bowl. He walked over and sniffed it, and then looked at her with his expressive brown eyes and his adorable droopy lips.
“Nope, no Jill. You’ve done enough for now. Eat.”
Jack let out a big sigh and settled down to his dinner.
Callie made her own dinner and sat at the table to enjoy her beautiful view of the city. She let her thoughts wander to when Jill had knocked her over and Owen had helped her up. She had felt his energy, and his heat. God help her, she was so attracted to that man. He had been visibly shaken by Jill’s pregnancy, and it was clear that he only tolerated the dog because his beloved great aunt left her to him. The fact that he actually seemed to be interested in training and interacting with her melted Callie’s heart. He was trying to be a good dog owner. Speaking of his great aunt, the fact that the old woman thought he was lonely piqued her interest. For heaven’s sake, the man had a different woman every week. Why would anyone think he was lonely? She wanted to ask him that question. Maybe she would, caution be damned.
But it had been quite clear that he was indeed the bad boy described in the Scoop. She crunched on the croutons in her salad and let out as big a sigh as her poor, lovesick dog.
#
The knock he was expecting on the door came late the next morning. Callie had been true to her word, and her friend Dr. Poe Madigan stood outside his door. She wasn’t dressed as he expected a vet would be.  She wore a black t-shirt with a skull on it, a short, plaid schoolgirl skirt, and black, thick-soled boots with buckles up the sides. She had very intelligent eyes that were both sensitive and warm, even though the blue-streaked hair threw him a bit.
“Hello,” she said, but she was naturally dog-savvy and didn’t even make eye contact with Jill.
Owen extended his hand and they shook. Jill sat down next to Owen and raised her paw. Poe laughed. “Looks like you’ve at least taught her that.”
“Actually,” he said, feeling a bit surprised, “my aunt must have taught her. I’ve never seen her do it.”
“Well, dogs are pretty smart.  I prefer them to humans.”
He smiled and nodded, liking her blunt personality. “She likes to outsmart me.”
Poe laughed again, and it was infectious. He smiled.
“So, this is quite a predicament.”
Owen nodded. “Yes, I’m just thankful Callie is being so…gracious.” Thoughts of the girl next door should have been tame, but Owen had to shut down the track his mind was on. That one track would inevitably lead him to a complicated place, and he didn’t want to go there.
Poe started a thorough and methodical examination of his dog, and he already felt better. Those twisting butterflies in his stomach over Jill’s condition subsided some. Maybe he was developing a soft spot for her, which was something else that surprised him.
When Poe finished, she said, “She looks good. You take good care of her.”
“Anything you can recommend?”
“Several things. Make sure she has a spacious whelping box. Get that together early, because she’ll want to fuss with it. Her nesting instinct will be strong. Show her the area and let her explore it. Now, may I see what you’re feeding her?”
He led her to the kitchen and pulled out Jill’s dog food. “Oh, good stuff. I think that you can go ahead and keep feeding her this. It’s packed with nutrients. I’m not an advocate of feeding her vitamins when the food she’s receiving is top-notch. As the pregnancy progresses, you’ll notice she’ll be off her food now and again. If she goes two days without eating, make an appointment. Would you prefer I recommend someone from St. Mark’s?”
“Aren’t you a doctor?”
“Yes.”
“A full-fledged one?”
“Yes. I’m doing my residency because I’m specializing in surgery, but I have my DVM from Cornell.”
“Then I’d rather have you do Jill’s check-ups.
Poe smiled. “Okay. Here’s my card.”
Owen took it and tacked it to his fridge with a magnet.
“Toward the end of her pregnancy, you’ll probably need to feed her more. I took the liberty of bringing our brochure with me that details the changes you can expect in your bitch. That should help.”
“Thank you.”
She nodded. “Well, I’ll be off now.”
“Hey, take this voucher for a night at my club. Bring your friends.”
“Oh, that’s not necessary,” she said, eying the voucher, but making no move to take it.
“It’s the least I can do for your kindness.”
Poe waved a hand at him. “It’s okay. Callie is a very good friend of mine. I’d do just about anything for her, but thank you for the voucher.”
#
“Don’t laugh. It’s not funny.”
“It most certainly is funny,” Brooke said as she cleaned Jack’s ears. They were in one of Brooke’s grooming rooms at Pawlish, her pet grooming service in the Lower East Side. She cupped Jack’s face and pursed her lips. “He’s a big studmuffin,” she said in a cutesy baby voice. Jack made a deep rumbling noise in his chest, and Brooke burst into laughter again. “He’s a big, lovable, studly studmuffin.”
“Stop it,” Callie said, but she, too, couldn’t contain her mirth, and rubbed Jack’s head affectionately. “Don’t encourage him. He’s in enough trouble.”
“What did your parents say?” Brooke said with another chuckle.
She tried to keep from flinching at that. “I haven’t told them yet. We’re driving out to Harrison this afternoon so I can break the news and they can look Jill over.”
“We?”  Brooke frowned.
“That’s right, but the trip is totally about breaking it to my parents. I think once they see Jill, they’ll be okay with it. It’s not like Owen tried to steal Jack’s…ah…pedigree.”
Brooke snickered. “No, he obviously is clueless about females.”
“Female dogs, anyway. He’s not clueless about females at all.”
Brooke took a brush from the grooming counter and paused. “Oh, no. What happened?”
“Just a stunning gypsy goddess, who showed up when we were talking in the hall after Jill soared over the sofa like an Olympic hurdler in an attempt to get to her studmuffin.” Jack’s ear pricked at the mention of Jill’s name.
“You sound jealous and miffed. I thought you were going to steer clear of this guy. I don’t want to see you hurt.”
“I was, then Jack had his way with Jill, and—lo and behold!—we’re connected by puppies.”
Brooke gave her a sidelong glance, her eyes sparkling as she efficiently whisked the brush through Jack’s glossy coat.
“I will,” Callie insisted. “Stay away from him, I mean.”
“Uh huh.
“Stop being your skeptical self for one minute. I promise to think of your stern look every time I feel any attraction to Owen. That should kill it stone dead.”
Brooke raised a brow.
“Does that make you feel better?”
She set the brush down and kissed Jack on the bridge of his black and white nose. “Marginally. But, seriously, Callie. We both know he’s not the man for you. We’ve discussed the kind of relationship you want.”
“Yes, I know, but Owen is exciting and handsome.”
“Right, but that’s not everything.”
It was Callie’s turn to give Brooke the sidelong glance.
“Okay, it’s something. But you wanted to be more practical. We’re not exactly young, hip city girls anymore.”
“I’m not sure I ever was, but I see your point. Mature business owners like us have to be smart. It’s pretty clear that Owen is commitment-phobic.”
“There you go. Good for the sprint, but lousy for the long haul.” Brooke glanced at her watch. “Do you have time for lunch?”
“Something light. My mom is making peach cobbler.”
Brooke groaned. “I wish I had my afternoon free. I’d go with you.”
“How about I bring some back for you?”
“I knew there was a really good reason we were friends.”
Two hours later Callie sat at the curb in her lime green Jeep Sahara and waited for Owen. She’d already strapped Jack into his doggy seatbelt, folded the seat down so that the two Danes would have plenty of room, and removed the roof panels above the driver’s and passenger’s side. The day was full of sunshine and warm for October in New York. Orange, red, and yellow leaves rustled in the breeze.
Owen emerged with Jill on a leash. Jack got agitated the moment he saw her. “Keep your pants on, Jack. She’ll be here in a second.”
Owen opened the back door and the dogs greeted each other happily. “Settle down,” Callie ordered, and Jack folded down on the seat. Owen strapped his excited dog into her restraint, and when she immediately obeyed his firm command for her to sit he turned and beamed at Callie like a proud papa.
When the passenger side door opened, Callie got the full impact of Owen. He was dressed in beautifully made but more conservative clothes than usual—in deference to her parents, probably. He also smelled delicious. The idea that he might want to impress her parents made her feel that maybe Owen wasn’t as arrogant as the press implied. He smiled as he settled into the seat.
His dark hair was spiked, and he wore a navy blue crewneck sweater over a white polo, the sleeves pushed up his muscled forearms. His pants were slim-fit grey, a light summer-weight wool, and his shoes a high-shine black oxford with a contemporary blue sole. He looked sharp and successful.
“This is a crazy color for a Jeep, but it suits you.”
“What? Its sportiness?”
“Yes, you have that fresh, girl-next-door, tomboy thing going.” His voice dropped an octave and his eyes traveled over her from the baseball cap on her head to the tight denim encasing her thighs, to the brown cowboy boots on her feet. 
Her pulse kicked up a notch. Coming from any other man, the tomboy remark might have offended her, but from Owen it sounded like he found her sexy just the way she was. “I hope that was a compliment.”
Owen’s smile came slowly. “It was meant as one. I can’t say I’ve met anyone like you before.”
That gave her a big boost. “I’m one of a kind,” she quipped to lessen the escalating tension.
 “That’s the problem,” he said softly as he sat back in his seat. She pondered that for a moment, decided it was a powder keg that was best left unlit, and put the Sahara in drive.



Chapter Three
He tried to focus on the city as they passed through, but no matter how hard he tried, Callie stole his attention. Unfortunately, both dogs had fallen asleep on the back seat, so he couldn’t be distracted with making sure they behaved. As they approached the I-95 North exit, he said, “Tell me about Lassiter Run.” His voice came out sounding a little desperate, demanding. He shifted in his seat and inwardly groaned.
She glanced at him before she merged onto I-87 and smiled. “Next to the City, it’s the best place on earth.”
All of his childhood had been spent in the City and some of those years were with his dysfunctional mother. When she left one day and didn’t return, he was a lost boy, wandering mean streets as he tried to survive. But his great aunt had never stopped looking for him and rescued him. Even with all his travels as an adult, he hadn’t seen much of the rest of New York State.
“Lassiter Run sits on about thirty acres. We have twelve kennels and nine dog yards, along with puppy runs we use to segregate the older dogs from the little ones. We exclusively breed Danes of all colors. But I, of course, have a soft spot for Harlequins.”
She wasn’t his type. In spite of reminding himself over and over, the attraction between them pulled so hard he swore he’d be leaving a trail scored by his heels on the lawns of Lassiter Run.
“Does your family show the dogs?”
“My mother does. She’s even been to Westminster with Jack’s sire.”
“Did she win?”
“A couple of times. Did your great aunt ever show Jill?”
“No, she didn’t get the chance. She grew too ill to leave the house.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.”
He nodded and looked away. He still couldn’t seem to stop the well of emotion each time his great aunt was mentioned. The deep grief he felt for her passing had been compartmentalized, like everything else in his life. It was as if his hip, cool persona took everything he had in him to maintain. Letting emotion show, any emotion, would set off a feeding frenzy among his fellow sharks.
He felt her touch on his arm. When he looked at her, he saw that genuine concern deep in her dark green eyes. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you. It’s so hard to lose a loved one. When we lost my grandpa, the grief would sneak up on me when I least expected it for more than a year. It was as if the memories were all bundled up inside with nowhere to go. With no outlet, it just feels as if those memories sit on your heart and shred it.”
His breath caught and moisture pricked at his eyes. No one. Not one person of his acquaintance had offered him the tiniest bit of comfort when his great aunt had passed, and yet this authentic, goodhearted woman had already seen through his façade and offered him not only comfort, but sympathy, in a wise and touching way.
It threw him off his game. Usually with a woman he wanted it was all heat and seduction. There was never any substance to those relationships, and he had preferred it that way. Preferred the women who were seduced by his face, body, status, or wealth. It made everything so much easier, so much less…weighty. He had no doubt he could seduce Callie into bed. Even now, his body tightened at the thought of how she would feel against him, how her mouth would fuse to his, taste. 
So he was trapped for the time being. However, what it amounted to was yet another compelling reason to steer clear of Callie. Thanks to this dilemma with Jill and her pregnancy from a prized potential stud, he couldn’t ignore the protocol. The owners had a right to check out his dog. They had a right to be concerned about her offspring.
He also recognized that Jill had to have some training. He wouldn’t be in this predicament if she had been spoiled less and disciplined more. Again, Callie could help him. So, for sixty days at most he would have to interact with her. Jill’s puppies would be born by then, and Jill would be sufficiently trained. He could go back to just being her neighbor.
“But if it doesn’t help to talk about it, I’ll try not to mention your great aunt.”
“If you have questions, it’s all right to ask them, Callie. It’s true that her passing has been hard, but I wouldn’t stifle your curiosity. She was a wonderful lady and deserves to be remembered with respect and love. I was lucky to have had her, to have known her and to have been loved by her.” He was quite shocked at the words that came out of his mouth. Callie squeezed his arm and then was distracted by maneuvering the Jeep through traffic. He had to take a moment to regroup. Never had he revealed so much to anyone.
She pulled into a long drive that led up to a large house with kennels. Two posts held a green and blue sign that said Lassiter Run in bold letters.
The big Victorian was a real showpiece, with a riot of fall flowers planted along the beautifully maintained walk. Pumpkins were scattered here and there, along with multi-colored cornhusks which decorated the front porch posts. Little pumpkin lights were strung along the eaves. Baskets of spider mums hung from the porch’s rafters, and rockers invited guests to sit awhile and enjoy the company of friends. It was very homey and inviting.
A tall, sandy-haired woman came out onto the porch, flanked by a black and white adolescent Great Dane and a full-grown brindle.
She waved to Callie with a wide grin on her face, and it made his heart ache just a little.
Callie jumped out of the vehicle and both dogs launched themselves off the porch and sprinted to her, greeting her joyously with barks that woke both Jack and Jill. He noticed how well the Lassiter Run dogs behaved. Neither one jumped up. She petted them, and then told them to stay as she raced up the steps and gave her mother a big hug.
Owen felt as if he was intruding on her private time, but she motioned him out of the Jeep. His palms sweaty, he wiped them on his pants before getting out. Jill whined when he shut the door, but he ignored her for now.
He approached the stairs, and Callie’s mother eyed his face, then his clothes. She narrowed her eyes at Callie, but the younger woman just shook her head.
“Mom, this is Owen McKay. He’s my neighbor in the City.”
Callie’s mom reached out her hand and said somewhat cautiously, “Hello, Owen. Welcome to Lassiter Run.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Lassiter.”
“Oh, please, call me Kate.”
He nodded.
“To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?”
“Someone told me you were making ham and scalloped potatoes and a peach cobbler,” Callie said slyly.
“Oh, Ian has such a big mouth.”
“Yeah, it’s too bad he can’t be here, but he’s got a show to get ready for.”
“I understand,” she said looking from Owen to Callie.
Callie glanced at him and took a deep breath. “Mom, we’re here because, well…Owen has a beautiful Great Dane bitch.”
“Oh, how wonderful. Did you bring her with you?”
“Yes,” he said looking over his shoulder at Callie’s Jeep. “She’s in the car.”
“Mom,” Callie said, and the note of trepidation in her daughter’s voice made her focus on Callie.
“What’s wrong?”
“Well, we happened to walk our dogs at the same time and they got a little excited to see each other. They escaped together for about an hour.”
“I see.”
“Owen had just inherited her from a family member, and he wasn’t aware she was in heat.”
“Oh, dear. She’s pregnant by Jack. Is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
“Exactly.”
“I’m so sorry, Mrs.…Kate. If I could fix this, I would.”
“Well, it seems that the fixing should have occurred before she got pregnant,” she said with a laugh.
Owen’s anxiety lessened by degrees at the open and amused look on Kate’s face. He chuckled and so did Callie.
“Owen didn’t mean for it to happen. I’m sorry that Jack got his dog pregnant. I should have been more vigilant.”
“It was an accident. What kind of agreement have you come up with?”
“Owen has offered us the pick of the litter.”
“That sounds fair,” Kate said, putting her arm around her daughter’s shoulders. Then she turned to him. “Owen, not to sound elitist, but what is Jill’s pedigree? I’d also be very interested in her medical records. Danes can be prone to hip dysplasia, and other types of diseases and abnormalities that make any dog that has them a poor candidate for breeding. We’re very careful in our breeding program to maintain the highest quality, both for our Danes and for the breed as a whole.”
“I can appreciate that. I brought her papers and medical records for you to look at. She does come from championship stock.” Owen pulled the papers from his back pocket.
Kate took them and started reading. She nodded her head as she read. “Oh, nice! Champion Martin Lacy’s Coal Black Miner for her sire and Champion Hollywood’s Marilyn Monroe for her dam. Excellent dogs. I know Hollywood’s owner personally, but am only acquainted with Martin and Lacy Ball. I see she’s registered as Martin Lacy’s Jill St. John Diamonds are Forever. I know that Lacy is a big fan of James Bond movies. That all seems to be in order. She also has a clean bill of health. Well, get her out of the car and let’s take a look at her.”
He nodded and walked back to let the dogs out. Jill jumped down and was instantly greeted by the rambunctious puppy and the fawn adult who looked almost exactly like her.
“Callie, take Lila and Summer back into the house.” Callie reached down and awkwardly scooped up the seventy pound “puppy” and gave Summer a hand signal. The dog fell into step with her. It only took her moments to return.
Jack made a beeline for Kate and gave her plenty of kisses when she knelt down. Giving him gentle pats, she said, “It’s nice to see you, too, Jack. Looks like you have been getting yourself into some mischief. Let’s take a look at your sweetheart.”
Kate approached the dog, but didn’t make eye contact, and Jill stood easily, smelling the wind. When Kate touched her, she didn’t react, and Callie’s mother nodded in approval. She ran her hands on either side of her muzzle, then the head and the neck down to her back. She nodded again and her expression eased some. “Could I see her move, please?”
Owen clipped on her leash and ran with her to the edge of the house and back. Kate watched with an intent expression on her face, and then she smiled.
“Well, I’ve got this to say. If you ever want to show that dog, she would be a champion. She’s regal and graceful. She has a beautiful, full, square jaw with a deep muzzle, and a long, well-arched neck. Her croup slopes perfectly. Her temperament is also good, but if she’s a bit unruly, Callie could probably help you with the training. She’s top notch.”
“I already have them scheduled,” Callie said.
“I appreciate your graciousness regarding this situation with our dogs,” Owen added. “I can assure you that I’ll take very good care of her while she’s pregnant.”
“I’m sure you will, and thank you for the offer of the puppy. I’m not really sure what the protocol is regarding accidental pregnancy in purebred dogs, but this will suffice. I think we might get a Harlequin out of the litter.”
“Why don’t you show Owen the kennels?” Kate continued. “You can leave Jill here with me and take Jack to see his daddy. He’s in number six. Dinner will be ready in about an hour.”
“Okay, Mom. Jack,” Callie called. Jack looked at her, then at Jill, as if undecided. Her mother gave Callie a wink and a soft smile.
“Ah, he’s torn between his two ladyloves. Hold onto his collar and I’ll take Jill into the house.”
Callie grasped Jack’s collar, but he didn’t even try to bolt. He whined softly when the door closed behind Jill, but obediently followed Callie as she turned to head toward several fenced-in areas that had numerous dogs in each.
One was full of puppies of all different sizes and colors frolicking on their long, gangly legs. Callie stopped and they came running to the gate. She petted a few and moved on. When they had walked for about ten minutes, they came upon a pen that held a regal Harlequin. His ears pricked and he came alert as he saw Callie and Jack. With a soft woof, he bounded toward the gate. Callie laughed as he pranced around impatiently while she unlatched the gate and let Jack in. Father and son exchanged greetings. When that was done, it was Callie’s turn, and she obediently obliged the reigning champion of Lassiter Run with long stokes along his head and back.
“I can see why this is a championship Dane. He’s magnificent.”
“Yes, he is. And he’s a good boy. Aren’t you, Samson?”
She rubbed the dog’s face, and he clearly reveled in the attention. Her hands were strong and sure, the slender fingers buried in the dog’s soft fur. “Samson?”
She smiled at Owen’s confusion and gave him an indulgent sideways glance, her green eyes animated. And once again, he had to remind himself that she wasn’t his type. 
“That’s his call name,” she explained. “Registered names are a formality. Sometimes dogs will be called a variation of their registered name like my friend Harper’s standard poodle, Blue, and others, like Samson, are called by a totally different name. He’s named after my grandfather, who built this kennel and passed it on to my father.”
She bent down and picked up a ball. Both dogs stood at attention, and she hurled it across the run. Four hundred pounds of muscle dashed after it in long-legged strides.
Callie wasn’t hard on the eyes. That was for sure. And he admired a woman who didn’t mind getting her hands dirty. It appeared she wore little or no makeup, and had pulled her long brown hair into a ponytail beneath the baseball cap she wore as easily as some women wore diamonds.
Long hair. He liked that. He’d be lying to himself if he denied wondering how it would feel in his hands, how it would look loose and free around her shoulders. He was a guy, after all. But it was clear she wasn’t all that caught up in the more conventional rituals of being female. Actually, Owen unapologetically enjoyed that extra emphasis on femininity in the women he chose to spend time with. Tomboys had their appeal, but he typically preferred a woman who embraced her femaleness.
The dogs came bounding back, Jack proudly displaying the ball for his mistress. Callie threw it several more times. Finally, she said, wiping her hands on her jeans, “Let’s leave Jack here, and I’ll show you the kennels. They’re probably empty right now, because the weather is good, so they’re all in the runs.”
The kennels were immaculate, with deep green trimmed lilac hedges that would shade the kennels to keep them cool. Baskets of pink impatiens hung from the extended roofs that protected the walkways and kennels from inclement weather. About halfway down the first row they came upon a man hosing out one of the kennels.
“Dad.”
He gave her a brief, one-armed hug.  “Hello, sweetheart. Who do we have here?”
“This is Owen McKay.”
Her father reached out his hand, his eyes speculative. “Hello Owen, welcome.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Call me Daniel.”
“We’re here because Jack got Owen’s dog pregnant.”
“Oh, ho, what did your mother say about that?” His eyes sparkled.
“She checked her over, and she’s fine with it. It was a total accident.”
“These things happen. Are you staying for dinner?”
“Yes.”
“Wonderful. Giving Owen the tour?”
“She has been, and you have a very nice facility.”
“Thank you. We try. I’ll let you get back to it.”
As they walked off, her father called out. “Callie, before you go, could you grab a screwdriver out of the tool chest in the shed?”
“Sure. I’ll be right back.”
Callie led them to a small shed situated under a sycamore tree. She pushed open the door and ducked inside. He followed. The shed looked as though it had been built by hand. “Did your father build this?”
Callie pulled up the lid of the toolbox. “No, my mother did.”
“She did?”
“Don’t sound so surprised,” she said as she looked up at him. “She redesigned this whole kennel, too.”
The light slanted in through a small window and fell on her face. The dancing sparkle in her eyes captured him as effortlessly as a beautiful view.
His breath hitched a bit when she looked down again and rummaged around in the toolbox. Her brown hair came alive in the sun. Golden highlights mixed with rich chestnut glowed with color.
She scowled and dug deeper into the box. He stepped closer, partly to be nearer to her, and partly to see if he could distract himself by looking for the elusive screwdriver.
“Don’t be a sexist,” she said, giving him a censuring look and nudging him with her shoulder.  Body contact is not what he needed right now.
“I try not to be. It’s a guy thing. We automatically think that anything this well-built must have been done by a man.”
“So, you’re really more egotistical,” she said with a grin.
He tried to remember that she wasn’t his type. Remember that they were neighbors and that it was stupid to get involved with someone who lived that close. She was a sweet, commitment-type girl, the sort who set off his alarms. But either the volume was turned down, or he’d gotten too used to hearing them, because for some reason he couldn’t seem to heed those alarms at the moment. Wholesome and down-to-earth described her perfectly, and seeing where she grew up only solidified his assessment of her character. He’d had no idea how seductive wholesome could be. Then, of course, his guy mind started wondering how sweet she would taste. How that taut little body would feel, would respond to his touch.
He leaned across her to check a specific part of the toolbox, caught her clean, fresh scent. She turned her face, and it was so close to his. He glanced down to her mouth and felt control simply evaporate.



Chapter Four
“It must have been amazing growing up here,” he said softly, his face much too close to hers. His eyes were heavy-lidded, the blue peeking out from ridiculously long lashes. This close, his eyes were still really blue, cobalt maybe, a color that seemed to intensify as he looked at her, his pupils dilating. His skin was incredibly smooth, despite the hint of five o’clock shadow, with such a gorgeous golden tone that she imagined it would always be naturally warm to the touch. And yet the angles of his jaw, the hard line of his nose, his chin, the arch of his brow, all combined to make him more rugged than pretty. Made her want to touch.
Where was that damn screwdriver? “It was. What about you? What amazing place did you grow up in?” Her voice came out soft and wispy. She felt her resolve slipping. She tried to imagine Brooke’s stern face, but her vision was full of Owen and his seductive, bad boy mojo, a face that could wreck any woman’s resolve, and a hard, muscled body that begged her hands to smooth over its hard planes.
He looked away, presumably to focus on the contents of the toolbox. His body tensed and his eyes shuttered. “I grew up on the streets until my great aunt found me and took me in. It was a hard-knock, learn or die type of existence, and didn’t include any expansive lawns, drowsing puppies, or pretty hanging baskets full of delicate flowers. It was gritty and dirty and terrifying.”
For a moment, the harshness of his statement shocked her. But when she recovered, her heart tilted, and his blunt confession gave her a glimmer of why he was a man who pursued many women but never settled on one. She didn’t want that insight, because it made it just that much more difficult to resist him.
She wasn’t sure he was telling her this to shock her, create distance, or gain sympathy. Little did he know that she was a sap for all things orphaned or in need. Not that he was either of those things, but still, she couldn’t imagine a life without the strength and wisdom of her parents. She had a haven to return to, and support every day, even when she wasn’t present. It was a comfortable safeness that permeated her life. Maybe that was why she sought out these kinds of men, the ones on the edge, to experience a bit of that thrill, some of that danger.
“I don’t know why I said all that. Maybe I feel too comfortable around you. You’re so open and caring.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing. It’s not.”
“I’ve experienced the caring from my great aunt, but I’ve never trusted it.”
“Never?”
He shook his head, his eyes caressing her face as he stood close to her in the swath of sunlight from the window.
“I’m sorry for you, then.”
“Don’t be. I might be cynical when it comes to relationships, but I’ve done just fine. What about you?”
“What about me?”
“Relationships. You believe in happily-ever-after and saying I do—”
“I never said that.”
“But you believe it.”
She looked at his mouth, tried to focus on the conversation. His mouth looked firm and soft at the same time. “My parents have had a long, happy marriage, so I’ve had wonderful role models.”
“No broken hearts?”
She shook her head. “I’ve had my share, but I was young and susceptible.”
“To men like me?”
“If I’m being honest, yes.”
“By all means, be honest. It makes it easier.”
“Easier for what.”
“To know the ground rules.”
“Oh, Owen. I know your ground rules.”
“Do you?”
“Yes. No commitment, a fun time while it lasts. Everything free of messy entanglements.”
“You do know the ground rules. And yet you still get hurt.”
She lifted a shoulder. “Can’t help how I feel. Controlling emotions is pretty much an illusion. Managing them is closer to the truth.”
“But ultimately you want what your parents have.”
“Yes, I want what my parents have. Who wouldn’t? The bond, the support and commitment they give to each other is priceless. They are each other’s best friends. And I guess I wouldn’t settle for less than that, either.”
“So you just trifle with men like me while waiting for Mr. Right?”
“I don’t trifle with anyone, Owen.”
His face grew serious. “I can see that you don’t. That was the wrong word choice. I apologize.”
“Apology accepted. I assume you can say the same thing.”
“I don’t trifle with women, Callie. I make sure they are all aware of my limits going in. There are no surprises.”
“Right. We wouldn’t want that. Well, I’m not that naïve young girl anymore.”
He took another step closer, and her breath suddenly felt trapped inside her chest. So much for being brazen.
“Still, you’re not my type.”
She didn’t back down, and his comment didn’t offend her. She might not be the most experienced person in the world when it came to relationships, but she knew his focused, intent gaze wasn’t of the innocent variety. “Who are you trying to convince? You or me?”
He stepped closer still, crowding her against the workbench, the search for the screwdriver as lost as she was in his eyes.
“Fuck if I know.”
His eyes were so dark, so deep, she swore she could fall right into them and never climb out.
“I think you’re the girl next door, sweetheart, and I should leave you alone.”
“And what, you’re the big bad boy I should avoid at all costs? I think that is a good idea. I’ve sworn off bad boys,” she whispered as his head descended and her breath backed up in her throat.
He lifted his hand, barely brushing the underside of her chin with his fingertips, and tipped her head back. “Have you?” he said, his voice nothing more than a rough whisper.
His mouth settled on hers like kindling to fire, and ignited. He backed her up so she was pressed against the workbench, but she barely felt the wood digging into her spine. She was too busy feeling Owen McKay’s mouth moving over hers with a sensual pressure that made her blood sing. Then she heard a deep groan and realized, distantly, that it was her own.
Her arms slipped around his neck, her forearms against hard shoulders, her fingers sliding along the back of his neck and burrowing into all those thick, dark waves. He pressed his hips into hers, growling just a little, as she ran her thumbs over his rough cheeks.
His heavy chest pressed tight against her tingling breasts as she welcomed the heat of his desire in the cradle of her hips, eliciting another growl deep in his throat.
His muscles flexed as if he was going to push away, his head lifting. When their lips broke apart, he looked dangerous and angry. Then his mouth covered hers again, taking her lips in a flurry of deepening, sensual kisses that made her head spin.
He trailed his fingertips from the pulse point in her throat all the way down to the tops of her breasts. Sharp awareness flared in her belly and spread through her bloodstream, triggering a slick, erotic warmth.
His mouth followed the path his fingers had taken, until they brushed the tops of her breasts.
“Callie?”
He reeled away from her as her gaze went to the door of the shed. Frantically, she snatched up her baseball cap and jammed it on her head. And that is when she saw the screwdriver sitting innocently on top of the toolbox. She snatched it up and called out just as the door opened.
“Found it.”
“Excellent,” her father said. “Now you can get back to what you were doing then wash up for dinner.”
Callie almost snorted. She knew her father hadn’t meant fusing their lips back together, and, as she looked over at Owen, she could see the same thought emblazoned across his face. But it was fraught with too much…just too much.
Oblivious to Owen’s attempt to get himself under control, Callie’s father strode out of the shed and let the door slam. Owen braced his hands against the workbench, the muscles in his arms bunching beneath the sweater. With a quick pull he yanked the sweater off, his face flushed, his breathing slowing.
“You heard the man,” she said, trying to ignore the way Owen tracked her as she stepped out of the shed.
#
Callie had just dropped the keys on her hall table when she heard a noise from her kitchen. “Who’s there?” she called out. She glanced at Jack, but he didn’t growl.
The rest of the day with Owen had been fun, but strained. He hadn’t said anything during the drive home about the kiss, so Callie let it go. Callie simply couldn’t get involved with Owen. She was already much too interested in him personally, which was even more dangerous than sexually. She realized she couldn’t seem to disconnect the two, and that could only lead her to heartache.
“It’s your brother, and he’s hungry. Don’t you ever keep any food in this place?”
She smiled as she walked into the kitchen. “I haven’t had a chance to go shopping. I forget how grumpy you get when you don’t eat, Ian.”
The fridge door was open and her brother had his six-foot-four frame bent over, peering inside. “Yeah, and I’m sure your tummy is full of mom’s good food. Did you bring any cobbler home?” He absently stroked Jack as he searched.
The container she was carrying did have a serving of cobbler in it. Her brother’s eyes lit up, and he straightened and grabbed for it.
“Yes, I did.” She pulled it away from his grasp. “But it’s for Brooke.”
“Oh, damn. Then I’m out of luck. I swear you’re more loyal to those women then you are to your own brother.”
“If I had known you would be dropping by, I would have brought some home for you, too. Did your meeting end early?”
“A bit.” He eyed the container, but Callie gave him the stinkeye as she put it in the fridge and firmly closed the door.
“How about we order pizza?”
His eyes lit up. “That sounds good.”
Callie picked up the phone and put in the order. “So did you just show up for food?”
“Not exactly.”
“That sounds ominous.”
“There have been a few thefts in the building. The tenants think it’s someone who lives here. It’s not good for business, so keep your eyes open and be careful.”
“Yes, I heard some women talking the other day about a stolen pillow. I thought it was an isolated event.”
“No, there’s been more, a quilt, a hand-woven rug, and a dinosaur comforter off a kid’s bed.”
“Sounds like someone is opening up a soft goods store.”
“Well, I thought about hiring security. But it’s a thief of opportunity. One woman braced her door open to bring in groceries, and the other woman’s kid left his ajar when he went to a neighbor’s to play.”
“Do you think security is necessary? So far this person hasn’t been violent.”
“Maybe not. I don’t like my tenants to be uneasy.”
“Listen to you. Mr. Landlord.”
“Shut up,” he said good-naturedly, grabbing her around the neck into a headlock. “I have a vested interest in this property, sure, but when I first bought it, I also wanted to create a place where people feel safe, secure, and comfortable.”
“Your vision was a good one.”
“I actually thought about making this whole floor one big loft. In fact, I had plans of knocking out that wall over there and combining these two lofts, but decided the income would be better than the space.”
“Well, Owen McKay loves his loft, so no breaking out any walls while he’s living there.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it. He’s a good tenant.”
“I should tell you. You’ll find out sooner or later, but his dog is pregnant and Jack got her that way.”
“What the hell? I thought they were waiting for Jack to mature.”
“I’d say he’s matured.”
Her brother chuckled. “So this was planned?”
“No, it was an accident, and Owen feels so bad.”
“Owen, is it? You know that guy is a major player.”
“I know, and don’t go all protective older brother on me. I have no intention of getting involved with him.”
“Hmm,” he eyed her. “The best laid plans…”
“Now it’s time for you to shut up.”
The doorbell rang and her brother reached for his wallet as he headed for the door, “Saved by the bell. Well, be careful is all I have to say in both situations.”
#
After spending an uneventful Sunday, Callie was ready for work on Monday. At eleven on the dot, Owen and Jill entered her training facility. Callie was finishing up her puppy class, and as she said goodbye to her students, she kept an eye on Owen.
He looked good today, with the tail of his shirt tucked into dark jeans and the cuffs rolled and pushed up his forearms.
After the last student left, Owen came over to her. “Are you ready for us?”
She wasn’t sure she was ready for Owen and the potency of his presence, but she was ready to teach his unruly dog some manners.
She nodded and walked over to a bench in the ring where she taught most of her classes. She settled down and patted the seat next to her. “Let’s chat first about Jill.”
“All right.”
“So, I gather she was pretty much indulged from the time she was a puppy. She hasn’t been taught the basics.”
“That’s right. I can’t even get her to sit, but she did offer Poe her paw. So my Aunt Tilly must have taught her that.”
“I can guarantee she’ll sit on command before you leave today.”
“I have no doubt. This is, after all, Sit Happens.”
She shook her head as she fought to ignore his charming banter. “Most humans don’t realize that dogs are not people, too. Dogs are dogs and they’re pretty simple. Their natural instinct is to want structure, rules, and boundaries. That’s why there is a hierarchy in packs. They each know their place and where they stand and how to behave. When they step out of line, the pack leader makes corrections. That’s where you come in. You’re the pack leader. Right now, Jill doesn’t respect you. She won’t listen to you because you haven’t taught her you’re the boss.”
“I get it. A dog responds to the owner’s ability to understand him and give him what he instinctually needs as a dog.”
“Correct. Once you start setting some boundaries, it’ll get better. Let’s start with teaching her how to sit.
“Here is a treat,” Callie continued. “Hold it in your hand, but let her see it. Keep saying sit until she obeys, then give her the treat. This will probably take several tries.”
She watched as Owen worked with Jill and was impressed by his patience. It was too bad she couldn’t forget how his mouth felt on hers or how she reacted to him as a man. But she would be either an idiot or a fool to believe that a relationship with him could go anywhere.
It was time to find something lasting and real. Flings were something for a younger woman with less experience. She wanted mutual trust and commitment. By Owen’s own admission, he could give her neither.
There was just that niggling doubt. Could it be because he’d had such a tough life when he was young? Could it be that he was afraid to take those steps because he’d been hurt and abandoned?
The thought gave her pause, and she did conjure up Brooke’s stern face to help her. But Brooke didn’t know his circumstances. She knew her nurturing friend’s face would soften after hearing Owen’s story.
She watched as Jill almost got it, but Owen tried one more time, and then she did it and the look on his face was priceless. Callie cheered and clapped. Owen rose in one powerful push of those thighs and wrapped his arms around her. She hugged him back, caught up in the simple breakthrough.
Then the hug changed. She felt the tension in his body and the innocent moment of victory changed into something lethally charged. He felt so wonderful, as if he was the intricate, hard-to-find puzzle piece that just…fit. She didn’t want to let him go, but she knew she must. He pressed his face against her, the warmth of his skin and breath seeping into her pores and igniting a raging fire. Trying to hang onto her control, she closed her eyes against a rush of passion so intense her whole body clenched. 
They turned their heads at the same time, seeking what each of them craved. His lips brushed across hers. Warm, a little soft, but the right amount of firm. He slid his fingers along the back of her neck, beneath the heavy braid that swung there, sending a delicious little shiver all the way down her spine.
He dropped another whisper of a kiss across her lips, then another, inviting her to participate, clearly not sure how she felt. But she wished that he wouldn’t be tentative, wished he would make the decision final and then she wouldn’t have to berate herself later. He lifted his head just enough to look into her eyes, a silent question in his own.
She met intensity with intensity, but she knew that it would be a mistake to get involved, even though the man made her body literally hum.
He saw her refusal to continue and backed off. “We should have talked about this…thing between us.”
“You mean the chemistry?”
“Is that what it is?” he said with a smile.
“Isn’t it? We click. That’s all. I just need something…more.”
He nodded. “I understand. But I have to say I have regrets.”
“It’s better than me ending up with a broken heart. I said I understood the ground rules. But I think I’ll pass instead of play.”
She took a deep breath. “So, now that that’s settled, let’s focus on Jill. The most important, best thing you can do for her is take control and keep it. She will test you. That is her natural instinct. Pack leaders lead, and that’s what you need to do. If she exhibits any type of behavior that you frown on, teach her the behavior that you want instead. She really does want to follow you. Exert that control. You’ll have a much happier dog, especially now that she’s going to have puppies. She wants to make sure her environment is safe. Also, I want you to consider something.”
“What is it?”
“I think Jill would benefit from agility training. She has a lot of energy, can jump like a dream, and has a lot of coordination for a Dane.”
“Agility training?”
“Yes, it’s an obstacle course. There are even competitions.”
“No kidding.” He paused. “Okay, I’ll consider it. But would it be safe for her while she’s pregnant?”
“I wouldn’t have her hurdling, but she looked pretty comfortable jumping over your couch. I would suggest some basic stuff. I think she gets into trouble because she’s active, intelligent and bored a lot of the time. It couldn’t hurt to start teaching her the very basics. All I’m doing is asking you to consider it.”
“I will, seriously. So next week, the same time?”
Callie nodded. “I’ll see you then,” she said with feigned brightness. When he walked away, all she felt was longing, and most likely the same regret he was feeling.
#
She arrived at Cibo Molto Buono, a high-end Italian restaurant in Hell’s Kitchen. Brooke was already seated, but Harper and Poe hadn’t arrived yet. She waved to Brooke as the maître d nodded and escorted her to the table. When the waiter asked her for her drink order, she requested a glass of Merlot.
“You’re drinking wine.”
“So?”
“Something’s up. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“You only drink wine when you’re upset.”
“I’m not upset.”
“Why is Callie upset?” Harper said as she sat down and flagged the waiter.
“I’m not upset,” Callie insisted.
Poe came to the table and noticed the tense atmosphere, then eyed Callie’s glass of wine. Callie wished she’d just cancelled the dinner.
“What’s up?”
“Callie ordered wine.”
“Oh, no. What’s wrong?”
“Spill it,” Harper said.
“Oh for the love of Pete,” Callie said. “I kissed Owen McKay.”
“Where?”
“On the mouth.”
“No where were you when you kissed him?”
“I took him to my parents so they could check out Jack’s pregnant girlfriend.”
“Oh, cozy family home. That was bound to happen.”
“Well, you got it out of your system. Now you can move on. There’s a cute doctor I could set you up with.”
“Not exactly.”
“But he’s real cute.”
“No, not the doctor part, Poe, the getting-it-out-of-my-system part.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Brooke asked.
“She kissed him again,” Harper said.
“I kissed him again.” Callie confirmed.
Brooke sighed. “When?”
“His lesson. He was teaching Jill to sit, and he got so excited he hugged me, and I hugged him, and then all of a sudden we weren’t just hugging. We were kissing. But I was firm afterward. I told him that a relationship wasn’t going to work.”
“There’s only one thing to do now,” Harper said.
“What?” the other three women asked in unison.
“You’re going to have to sleep with him.”



Chapter Five
You’re going to have to sleep with him.
Harper’s proclamation was still reverberating in her head as she returned from another dismal date. The cute doctor only wanted to talk about all the interesting surgeries he’d preformed in great and vivid detail. The jerk asked nothing about her job and nothing about her.
Letting herself into the loft, she responded to Jack’s greeting and then threw herself down on the sofa. With his usual uncanny ability to sense when she was down, he gently placed his head in her lap and gazed at her soulfully.
“It’s okay, Jack. Things will get better.”
Except that she hadn’t been able to find her Judith Leiber cream clutch. The last time she had used it was on her previous snooze date. She’d set it on the foyer table. But when she went looking for it to use on this date, it wasn’t there. She decided she must have put it back in her closet. She would have to search.
A knock on the door startled her. She looked at her watch. It was close to eleven. She called out as she got off the sofa. “Who is it?”
“It’s me, Owen.”
Her pulse jumped, but she tried to ignore it, and the way her heartbeat skittered.
When she opened the door, he looked worried.
“What’s wrong?”
“Jill. I think she’s sick.”
Callie had opened the door too wide, and before she could stop him, Jack slipped out and made a beeline for Owen’s loft and the open door.
“Jack!”
Callie took off after him when he didn’t heed her call. Inside Jill was dancing around him.
“Oh. She looks fine now. But she’s been off her food, and she was really lethargic today. I thought she was sick.”
“Well it looks like the big hussy just needed a shot of Jack.”
Owen chuckled. “Looks that way. I’m sorry to get you out of your apartment so late. You look nice.”
She blushed and smoothed her hands down the black scuba dress she wore. She liked the mix of sporty and chic. She would have thought as a grown woman she’d be over it, but, no. She actually blushed.
“I was…ah…on a date.”
“Really?” he asked. He frowned, held her gaze for a few more seconds, then looked away, his fist clenching. “Did you have a good time?”
“Poe set me up with one of the doctors at the vet hospital.”
He nodded. “A doctor. That’s great.”
His tone of voice conveyed how not great he thought it was. She wasn’t going to confirm for him that it hadn’t been great at all. That all she’d done the whole evening was compare the poor man to Owen. It was best to let Owen think she was involved, because, dammit, he was just as enticing now as he had ever been.
“I should get Jack and let you get some sleep.”
“I’m somewhat of a night owl. I don’t open up the club until about six.”
“Oh. I see. I don’t open up until ten, so that gives me some leeway in the morning. It’s nice. Well, I should go anyway.”
“Do you have to? I mean, Jack and Jill need some bonding time. Maybe we could let them be together for a bit and we could play cribbage.”
“I’ve never played it.”
“I can teach you.”
“I have some crackers and cheese at my place. Should I get them?”
“Sure.”
Callie rushed next door to get the food and change her clothes, putting on sweats and a t-shirt. In the meantime, between episodes of kicking herself for being an idiot, she assured herself that the dogs did need some time together. Jack was looking way too droopy. It was all about the dogs. But a little unheeded voice kept saying, “Yeah, riiiiight.”  It was only a coincidence that the voice sounded exactly like Brooke’s.
Owen greeted her with a plate and knife.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I don’t have a cheese server. I guess I’m not that cosmopolitan.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say that. I’ve coveted this plate set from the Pottery Barn. Especially the skull one with the creepy saying, Midnight Dreaming.”
“That’s my favorite one, too. Does that say I have a little pirate in me?”
“I’d say there’s plenty of pirate in you, Owen.”
“Well, then get to chopping, wench, the crew be hungry.”
She tried not to be swayed by his devilish charms and excellent pirate inflection, really she did. “Aye, aye, captain,” she said with a mocking salute.
“Show some respect, woman, or it’ll be the plank for ye.”
 She laughed and stepped away from him a bit—no need testing her swayability by putting herself in actual contact range—and sliced up the cheese and laid out the crackers. She kept her back to him, all the better to avoid being caught up in those deep blue eyes of his. “I should warn you that I’m a pretty fast learner.”
Owen came to stand beside her, picking up the platter of cheese. She put the knife down. She knew her limits. Bracing herself, she looked at him. Up close like this, almost as close as they’d been in the shed when he’d kissed her, it was impossible not to get caught up in his intensity. He didn’t even have to try. How he worked that lazy smile with those laser beam eyes of his, she had no idea. But anybody fooled by his easygoing demeanor was just that, a fool. “Is that a challenge?”
“It is.” She took a deep breath as he tilted his head and narrowed his eyes. Who was she kidding? At least learning a new game might keep her from fantasizing about what she really wanted to be doing.
“Okay, then you’re on. Have a seat. Would you like wine?”
She settled down at his beautiful, smooth, blocky teak table. Mixing Owen and alcohol would be a very dumb move. She watched him open the fridge door and bend down to look inside. Her gaze followed the line of his body, but got stuck right at the seat of his jeans, drawn over his…ah…yeah. Water was a much better idea—poured over her head. Make that very cold water.
He grabbed two wine glasses and set them and the bottle on the table. At that point she decided it wasn’t wise to put up too much of a fuss about the wine. After searching briefly in a drawer under the TV, he came back with a square piece of wood with three columns of colored peg holes and a deck of cards.
He set the cards down on the table and opened a metal slide at the bottom of the board. Three pegs dropped into his palm. He kept out the red and blue pegs and placed the green back inside the board, sliding the metal closed.
Next, he set the pegs in the peg holes at the beginning of the board and shuffled the deck. He placed it face down and said, “Pick a card.”
Callie pulled the ten of diamonds and Owen got the seven of clubs.
“That means I’m the dealer, and you go first. This game is based on numbers. We’ll alternate laying down the cards. The face cards are worth ten points and the other cards count for their numerical value. Seven for any seven card, and so on. The goal is to get the most number of points. If your cards add up to fifteen points when you lay down your card, you’ll earn two points on the peg board.
He dealt out six cards. “Okay, now you have to decide which of your cards you’ll put into what’s called the crib. The object is to give me a lousy crib, but don’t mess up your hand to do it. Don’t give me pairs or five-cards, stuff that could easily add up to fifteen.”
She looked at her hand and chose the cards she would give him.
They started to play, and she felt she was getting the hang of it. He won the first hand.
“So, how did you get FLASH started?”
“I started small, and I paid celebrities to host the opening of the club. Small potatoes at first, then I expanded and was able to start hiring A-list people. My great aunt helped me with some of the startup capital. It did so well that I was able to pay her back. Now celebrities come to my club without being paid.”
“That’s the sign of success.”
“How about you? How did Sit Happens happen?”
Callie laughed as she scored two points with a fifteen and pegged her points. “Of course I’ve been around dogs all my life, and part of having dogs is making sure they behave, especially with so many dogs in our kennel. I fell into it and learned about how to speak dog from a young age. My parents helped me with the initial capital, too, along with my generous and successful brother. He’s ten years older than I am, and came to the city fifteen years ago, just out of college. Needing affordable studio space, he and a bunch of friends formed a cooperative. They bought this building for almost nothing, and turned it into these terrific lofts, keeping the integrity of the architecture. When he made it big in the art scene, he moved to Soho. He’s also my landlord.”
“I bet he gives you a better rate than he gives me.”
“I’m afraid so. Nepotism is a good thing. My brother was here the other day. Did you know that there have been thefts in the building?”
He shook his head.
“Well, be careful about security.”
He nodded. The hand played out and her crib had no points. “You are good at this,” she said.
“My great aunt taught me.”
“It’s always nice to have those kinds of legacies from your family. For me it’s the dogs.”
His face became somber. “I can only say I wish that were the case. We only started playing cribbage when she got pancreatic cancer. She was pretty much stuck at home through much of it, and then the hospital. I learned it to pass the time with her. They were moments I’m thankful for, and, unlike the visits before she was sick, meaningful. I wish I had visited her more often. I was always so damn busy.”
She covered his hand as he picked up the cards and he looked at her with deep sorrow in his eyes.
“I can’t even imagine how hard it was for you. But you did have a meaningful relationship with your Aunt Tilly. I can see that. I can see that you feel terribly guilty about it, too, Owen. But there’s no doubt in my mind that she loved you regardless. It’s just what a nurturing person like your aunt would do.”
For a moment he just stared at her, his dark eyes unreadable. “I’ve never met anyone like you, Callie. Most of the women I’ve been with wouldn’t for a minute be content to talk and play cards while our dogs snuggle. I have to confess that I would never have said anything about Aunt Tilly to any of them.”
She blushed again, the compliment one of the best she’d ever received from a man. It was better than the one when he’d said she looked nice. This was about her character, and it meant more.
Owen certainly wasn’t making it easy for her to remember to keep her distance. She hadn’t expected to have anything in common with him besides the dogs, and she still felt they were diametric opposites, probably in more ways than not. She hadn’t gotten all that far away from her roots, whereas, while he might have had a rough beginning, he’d certainly gone a long way toward polishing off any rough edges from his childhood. 
“Thank you. I consider us friends.” She looked over at Jack sleeping curled up with Jill. Her dog was in love, head over heels in love. She could not go there with Jill’s owner. And if she didn’t want to start down that slippery slope, she’d better get herself out of here.
“I should go.” She rose, and he did too. Coming around the table, he took her hand.
“I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t make you feel uncomfortable.”
“No. It’s not that, Owen.” She tried to keep a cool head even with the warmth of his hand clasping hers. “It’s just that we have to agree to be friends instead of…”
Owen held her gaze for what felt like an eternity, and she wondered what he was thinking behind those inscrutable eyes. “Lovers.” His voice came out soft and husky.
She closed her eyes briefly. “Exactly. So you see the dilemma. Nothing has really changed.” It seemed that the most innocent conversation between them was going to have mixed overtones, and she wasn’t sure how to stop that. And to be perfectly honest, she didn’t really want to. It felt good. She had no business engaging in it, but that didn’t make her want to stop.
“No. I guess not.”
She went over to Jack and said, “Come on, boy.” She walked towards the door and opened it.
“I don’t think he’s going to cooperate.”
She looked over her shoulder to see that Jack hadn’t done anything except lift his head.
She slapped her thigh and pointed next to her right leg. Normally, he would already be sitting there looking obediently up at her. She got exasperated, because not only was it humiliating in front of Owen, but she was a freaking dog trainer. She would have said that Jack was the most well-behaved dog in New York City. Now she couldn’t even get him to come to her.
She walked over and grasped his collar, then strained and stressed, but couldn’t budge him an inch. He not only wouldn’t get up, but he pulled back. “Jack!” she said in her sternest voice and he flinched, but refused to make eye contact. He made a pathetic noise deep in his chest.
She bit her lip. It wasn’t as if she was immune to his needs. But he’d had his time with his girlfriend and now they needed to leave. She pulled harder and finally he rose, but planted his feet and pulled back again. Owen watched her with laughter lurking in his eyes, but she failed to see any amusement in this situation.
When she straddled her dog, he laughed out loud, covering his mouth. She tried to walk Jack out of the apartment, but when she got about halfway across the room Jack collapsed, and Callie fell and rolled onto her back.
Owen was now laughing freely as he reached down and helped her up.
“He’s really putting up a protest. How about we watch a movie and then try to get him out? He’s obviously not ready to go.”
“But I am. I’m ready to go, and he’s being terribly stubborn. Ever since he met your dog, I’ve lost control of him.”
“Come on,” he chuckled. “Let’s watch One Hundred and One Dalmatians. There’s a bunch of really bad dogs. It’ll make you laugh.”
“You have One Hundred and One Dalmatians?” She arched a brow.
He shrugged, an amused glint in his eye that only made him that more appealing. “Well, yeah. I like Disney movies. So sue me.”
She held up her hands. “No, I think that’s pretty cute.”
His lips curved a little and, too late, she remembered that part about his charm being more lethal when he was amused. “Just a bit of advice. Guys don’t like to be called cute.”
“Because, well, One Hundred and One Dalmatians is so…ahhhh…manly.”
He grabbed her by the neck and pulled her close. “Shut up. You’re hurting my feelings.”
Callie laughed harder. “That’s because you’re so cute and precious.”
They tussled for a moment until she accidently got him in the ribs and discovered he was ticklish. “Ah, the secret is out. Your Achilles heel.”
“No, stop it,” he warned. They collapsed onto the couch until he effectively restrained her hands. But it was too late, she was on top of him, her hair had come out of its ponytail, and the feel of his hard body beneath hers was totally distracting.
Harper’s words came back to her then, and she almost leaned forward. You’re going to have to sleep with him. It was an agonizing decision. She was torn between the promise of immediate, profound pleasure and the inevitable pain it would cost her. Now that she had gotten to know him, it would be even more difficult to let go. If they were physical, would it really get him out of her system?
He said nothing, just looked up at her with that hopeful expression on his face. She swallowed, grabbing hold of her control. She had promised herself she wasn’t going to do this. Promised herself that she wasn’t going to get involved with bad boys any more. She pushed off his chest and sat back on the couch. She saw him do the same. Without a word, he went and put in the DVD and pressed the remote.
“I’m curious about something,” she said, keeping her eyes on the TV screen.
“What?” he said as the opening credits began. 
“You said your great aunt thought that you were lonely. With so many people in your life, the club, the women, why would she think that? It baffles me.”
A look of hollowness crossed his face and he turned to look at her. “You can be lonely in a crowd when no one really knows you or cares who you really are.”
She met his eyes, then dropped her head forward, her hair covering her face. Finally, she nodded. “I see.”
She started to pull her hair back and he touched her wrist. “Don’t.”
She let it fall. It was the only thing she would give him at this moment.



Chapter Six
Owen felt the pressure against his chest. Even in sleep he knew it was good. He snuggled closer to the intoxicating, warm scent. Soft hair brushed against his nose and his eyes popped open. He found Callie’s head nestled in the crook of his arm, his cheek resting on the top of her head, her sweet-smelling hair just below his nose.
The gray light of dawn filtered through his floor-to-ceiling windows. The busy city’s racket lessened at night, so the volume of the traffic noise below made him think it was about six a.m.
He’d had so much fun with her last night. It was a mixture of camaraderie and sexual need all rolled up into one achingly tempting package. She was truly a one-of-a-kind woman. Somewhere between his confession about his childhood and the easygoing nature of Callie, he’d lost something—the barrier that kept his emotions in check. He wasn’t sure he could replace it now that Callie had gotten a foothold.
He frowned, remembering that she had said she’d been on a date with a doctor. He wondered if she planned to see the guy again. He was stunned at the intensity of the anger and loss he felt just thinking about another man wooing Callie. Owen wasn’t usually a jealous man. It had been live and let live, but this time he felt differently. He felt differently about Callie.
He had to cringe when he thought about his past, with the parade of beautiful women in and out of his life. The club had given him the prestige he’d sought, given him the image he needed to fuel his reckless abandon, and provided plenty of women more than willing to fulfill his superficial and physical needs.
But somewhere between his great aunt’s death and meeting Callie, something had shifted in him. Where he once reveled in the Scoop’s “Woman of the Week” column about him, he now wished that they would move on to gossip about someone else.
Callie was a real, giving person. That’s why last night he’d been hypersensitive to the sexual chemistry they shared. He didn’t want her to think she was some kind of conquest, but he wanted the woman bad. His morning hard-on was inconvenient and only made matters that much worse. She shifted against him, and he could tell by her breathing that she was awake.
“Looks like we fell asleep. Would you like some breakfast?”
She stirred and her head fell back against his shoulder. “Even in sleep, I can’t seem to keep away from you.”
He smiled. His heart hurt, twisting with all the emotion trapped inside. He wanted to kiss her so badly, but knew that wasn’t a good idea.
“Breakfast, like you’ll run down to the bagel place kind of breakfast?” she asked.
He laughed softly. “You don’t think I could cook a few lousy eggs and fry some bacon?”
“Wow. That sounds good. I’m usually a cold cereal kinda gal.”
Callie moved away from him, and he just enjoyed watching her yawn and stretch, seeing the way her hair tumbled around her face, and the drowsy cast to her just-opened-eyes. 
“I think I’ll pass.” She sat up, then looked over at Jack and groaned. “I don’t think he’ll want to budge. He looks so comfortable.”
The two dogs were wrapped around each other in sleep, Jill’s softly rounded belly triggering another wave of panic for Owen. No matter who told him that dogs have an easy time with birth, he worried about losing Jill. It was a tie to his great aunt and…dammit, he loved that dog. He didn’t know when it happened, but it had. She had been a comfort on his bad days and a joy on his good ones. Now that he was agility training her as Callie suggested, it was even better. Callie had been right. Jill had an aptitude for it. She was picking up the basics pretty quickly.
“Why don’t you leave him here? Bring me his leash, and I’ll walk him when I walk Jill. You can let them have the day together. I’ll be taking Jill to the dog park later, too.”
“Are you sure?”
“Contrary to the evidence from yesterday, he is a very well-behaved dog. I don’t think he’ll give me any trouble. It’s not like he can get her pregnant again.” He thought about that for a second. “Can he?”
Callie laughed softly, the sound drifted through him like soft rain. “No. He can’t.” She looked over at Jack, smiled softly, and walked over to pat him. He raised his head slightly, thumped his tail, then went back to sleep. “The trainer in me just wants to take control and make him obey. It’s a definite no-no, but this one small occasion shouldn’t hurt. Okay. I’ll drop his leash by. Thanks for looking after him today. I’ll be home about four.”
“No date tonight?” He hadn’t meant for that to come out and he certainly hadn’t meant to sound so…peevish.
She looked at him with a startled expression. “No, not tonight.”
“If that doctor had any sense, he’d set up a second date.”
Callie looked both amused and crestfallen. He knew he should say something about them dating, but he couldn’t get the words past his barriers. It was better this way. She wanted commitment, and he just couldn’t let his guard down.
“I’ll leave you my key, too. Just in case you want to drop Jack off.”
“All right.”
First Owen took the dogs for a walk and laughed at the amount of attention they received. The Great Danes were so huge that just walking with two made him secretly feel like he was a giant among men.
Celeste came by late morning to discuss the inventory and restocking of the club.
“We are low on vodka, so I prepared a purchase order to restock,” she said, leaning over him. She had found many occasions recently to brush against him or touch him. Nothing had ever been overt, but he knew when a woman was coming on to him.
For the first time in his life, he was ambivalent. When she stood in his path and put her arms around him, he was surprised.
“I got tired of waiting,” she said softly before she kissed him. He let her, mostly because he wanted to compare the experience with how Callie made him feel. And there was no comparison. Where he completely lost himself in Callie, Celeste, for all her beauty, barely made a ripple.
“I’ll get all this taken care of,” she said with a secret smile. “I’ll see you tonight.”
She left, and he knew that he would have to tell her tonight that he wasn’t interested. His emotions were a chaotic, raging mess. He would have to sort them out before he made any promises to Callie.
In the late afternoon, he heard some banging in Callie’s loft. He looked at his watch and saw that it was only three-thirty, and she wasn’t due home till four. He sat up straighter, wondering if the thief Callie had told him about could be in her apartment right this second. He left the dogs at his place and used Callie’s key to let himself quietly into her loft. The banging was coming from her bedroom. He approached the closet door cautiously, until he heard Callie’s voice swearing.
“Callie?”
There was a squeak and she came tumbling down on top of him, along with a rain of purses.
“What the hell?” he exclaimed, as he barely managed to catch her before they fell to the floor together.
“Why did you sneak up on me like that?” she demanded, pushing up on her arms and planting her hands flat against his chest so that she could look him in the face. Her face was flushed and her eyes were stormy. He’d never seen her like this before and wondered if she’d had a bad day at work.
The act of moving her torso away from him only pushed her hips into his. He gritted his teeth at the pressure on his groin. The woman was driving him completely insane, and he was about ready to beg her. “I thought you were the thief,” he said, trying to keep his voice conciliatory.
“If that’s the case, you should have called the police,” she snapped. Her hips jerked around in her anger, and he couldn’t stop his immediate biological reaction.
“I wanted to make sure,” he said. “Why are you home early? You said four.”
“Are you my keeper?” Her brow arched and she took on that dog trainer voice. He wasn’t a canine, but he was smart enough to realize she meant business.
“Why are you so surly?”
Mild accusation glimmered in her gaze. “For your information, I was looking for my Judith Leiber clutch.  It’s vintage, and I think it might have been stolen by the thief.”
“Is that why you’re in the closet?”
“Yes, and I’m home early because it’s your fault.”
“My fault? Why?” He was immediately concerned about what he could have done to upset her. He preferred his smiling, funny, Callie to this angry, aggravated woman.
“I want you,” she said breathlessly, leaning forward, grabbing the front of his shirt and tugging. His body, sensitized already by her gyrating hips, sprang to life, desire sizzling along every nerve ending.
His erection grew and she felt it. He saw the reaction on her face, in her eyes before she closed them. He shook with the promise of all that pent-up passion just waiting to be unleashed. “I couldn’t think clearly today, because all I could freaking think about was you.” Her hands kneaded his chest. “Waking up in your arms was an unbelievably tempting way to start my day. But I’ve sworn off men like you,” she said, her voice strained. “I promised myself I wouldn’t do it.”
“And, now you want to break that promise,” he murmured huskily.
“God, yes.” When she opened her eyes they were dark and fervent with desire.
His patience snapped so completely he groaned with the need he’d trapped inside, the barrier he’d erected not only coming down, but he feared he was irrevocably changed. And her eyes widened in surprise when he flipped her onto her back amongst the debris from the closet.
	He shook his head. “I think it’s a given that most men don’t really understand women, though I have made the effort. But you…”
	She looked up at him, and the defenselessness in her eyes demolished the flimsy wall he had shored up. The barrier he’d had left over from his childhood, the one his aunt Tilly had tried to gently coax down, fell with a thud as she touched his face, tracing her fingertips over his lips, his cheeks, his forehead. 
“There’s no need to figure me out, Owen, like some kind of equation. There’s no math required. Just go with your gut.”
	“That’s the problem,” he said. “With you, everything is all jumbled up.  Even the math parts.”
	Her face softened and her fingers paused in their exploration. “What are you worried about? I know what I’m getting myself into.”
	It wasn’t the question that gave him pause. It was the immediate answer that came to mind. Did he know what he was getting himself into, or was it already too late? His head told him he didn’t know her. His heart called him a liar.
	“You are just so sweet. I just—”
	“Don’t want to get involved with your plain Jane neighbor? The owner of the dog who got your dog pregnant?”
	“There is nothing plain Jane about you. Nothing. You cloud my judgment.”
	“It’s a bit too late”—she nudged her hips against the solid length of him—“for second guessing.”
	He groaned at the move, and it took every scrap of will he had not to drive his hips into hers. He dropped his chin and swore under his breath. “I don’t know what the hell to think anymore. You’re driving me crazy.”
	She cupped his jaw and brought his face up with the soft cadence of her voice until he met her gaze. “Good. It’s nice to have a kindred soul here in Crazyland.”
	He smiled a little at that. He couldn’t help it. “My thinking needs to be a bit more focused if you want a way out of this.”
	“And here I thought getting us both naked was a good idea. It could be a great way to diminish all this sexual chemistry standing in the way of our…clear thinking.”
	“You think this”—he risked bumping the length of his erection between her thighs, catching his breath when she gasped, went a little more supple against him—“is all going to miraculously disappear, is that it?”
	“Okay, so my thinking isn’t all that clear right now,” she managed with an intake of breath as he pushed against her again. “It was just a theory.”
	He pushed her head to one side with his chin, dropped his mouth to the spot below her ear. “Do you honestly think one time will clear things up?” He placed a hot, wet kiss on the side of her neck, then gently sank his teeth into her flesh, making her gasp and his body jerk. “Or do you think it will only make me want you naked and underneath me as often as possible?”
	“I—I can’t think.” She dug her fingers into his shoulders and moved her head, allowing him better access to the responsive underside of her chin. “I just don’t think ignoring it is going to make it go away.” She sighed when he began to drop kisses along the underside of her jaw.
	“No, probably not. But it complicates things, Callie. I’m not good with complications.”
	She was silent for a moment, then said. “I get that.”
	He paused and pressed his forehead against her cheek. His body was one big hard-on at the moment, but his heart… She had a way of tangling that up without even trying. “Do you?” he asked carefully.
	“We have our own paths. We’re adults. We’re not kids anymore, with fantasy dreams and unrealistic expectations…” She paused, he waited. “I won’t lie. I wanted you from the moment I saw you.”
	He lifted his head then, looked her directly in the eyes. “Callie—”
	“I know what I’m asking for.”
	Trouble with a capital T, was all he could think and it affected both of them.
	“Maybe even that is more than I can give.”
	“Maybe. But I think it’ll be enough for me.  For now.”
	They’d denied each other more than once. He’d like to believe he was tough enough to do the correct thing every single time, no matter how demanding. But he was aware that he wasn’t perfect. And he also knew he wouldn’t be perfect with her.
	“I wanted you then, too,” he told her, which made her eyes darken with need, her body soften even more in anticipation of him, and what was left of his resolve disintegrated. 
He wanted to evoke that look in her eyes again and again. He wanted it when he was inside of her, when he taking her up, when he pushed her over. He wanted to be the only one who saw that look, ever, and it was that vicious, outrageous surge of possessiveness that almost gave him back the distance he so desperately needed.
	“I want you. You want me. It’s simple,” she said.
	“Yeah, he said, his voice now rough with need, with impatience, and not a little uneasiness. “Yeah, completely simple.”
#
She hadn’t planned this. Not really. Okay, everything she said was totally true. She had been distracted, and as the day wore on, she got angry. But she hadn’t been sure who she was angry at. But she guessed she’d made the decision already. Brooke and her friends probably wouldn’t approve, but this wasn’t about them or about approval. This was about connecting with a man she was attracted to, who made her heart beat faster. This was about both passion and friendship.
He’d said he wanted this, but he was still looking down at her. “Are we waiting for something?”
“I’m just…looking at you. Give me a minute.”
She melted right then into a warm, gooey mess, like chocolate in a heated pan.
His thumb slipped over her lips, and she kissed the pad, pleasure followed by the punch of desire she saw in his eyes, which had already been almost swamped with it. It was heady, powerful stuff, knowing she moved him like this. She tried not to think about how ambivalent he’d been before. Logic and rational thought were not going to stop this from happening, anyway.
He rose, and she thought he was leaving, that he’d changed his mind. But the flutter of panic changed into more melting when he said, “I’m not going to make love to you on the closet floor.”
She reached up and grasped his hand, and it was a short trip to the bed. She reached for the buttons on her shirt and he covered her hands and undid them himself. He removed the garment and unsnapped her bra, and she let it fall. She shimmied out of her khaki mini, pushing the panties off as she went. His eyes told her how beautiful he found her.
Naked in front of him, she reached for his belt and undid it. He closed his eyes as she undid the button and zipper of his pants and pushed them off his hips. His shirt came off last. His smooth, powerful body enticed her. She curved her hand around his face, reveling in the sheer pleasure of finally touching him as she’d wanted to do so many times. Slipping her hands into his soft, curly hair, she pulled his head down to hers, kissing him hard, and he returned it with equal fervor. He pushed her back onto the bed, and then, in unspoken agreement, they paused in each other’s arms. He tugged her hands from his hair and pinned them on either side of her, then slowly slid them upward, until her body bowed away from the mattress, pressing the tips of her achingly tight and sensitive nipples to the hard planes of his hot chest.
He crossed her wrists, then slid his hand down her arm, his gaze following, creating a second sizzling wake behind the stroke of his hand. He cupped her breast and kneaded it, his thumb grazing tantalizingly over her nipple. His gaze flickered up to hers as he gently pinched the tip. She gasped and arched into him, the exquisite sensations spearing through her, rendering her speechless as well as mindless.
“I’ve been dying to know how you taste,” he said softly as he lowered his head. She could feel his warm breath brush against her oh-so-sensitive skin. She wanted to sink her fingers into his hair, urge him closer, urge him to please put an end to the excruciating wait. But he continued his slow exploration until his warm, wet mouth captured her breast. She cried out as his tongue swirled around her taunt nipple and the suction made her hips restless beneath his. He nudged her thighs apart with his knee, his mouth traveling to her other nipple as he let go of her hands to arch her back over his arm, pressing her more fully into him.
One hand slipped down over her rib cage, into the indentation of her waist as if he was memorizing every inch of her. Then it slipped over her hip to cup her butt.
She groaned when his fingertips traced along her thigh and found her most sensitive flesh. Her thighs fell open, giving him better access as he intensified his sensual assault. Her hands clenched in his so-very-soft hair as his teeth nipped at her breast. She could hear her panting moans turn into soft gasps as she spiraled up and up…and finally over the peak.
She was shaking hard as his mouth covered hers, his kisses as intoxicating as his fingers had been. Nothing had ever felt this good.
“Callie,” he murmured against her lips, “I don’t want to stop, but—”
“Then don’t.” She brushed her fingers against the nape of his neck, and he groaned as he bucked against her, his shaft hot and pulsing.
“Protection,” he gritted, his body tensing as she moved fully under him.
“Oh, God. I was so caught up…top drawer of the nightstand.”
He did what was necessary. His body covered hers again. She could feel him literally vibrating with need. She wrapped her legs around him, opening herself for his thrust. His broad palms covered her hips as he glided into her. She arched, moaned, and when he began to move faster, she couldn’t contain her pleasure. She’d had raw before, but with Owen it was basic, earthy…deeply satisfying.
She clung to him, both of them grunting as his thrusts surged deeper, faster. She wanted to slow things down, so she could remember every second, revel in every feeling, every sensation, but she couldn’t even keep her eyes open to watch him. He was driving her up again, and she could only give herself over to it, to the powerful emotions and blistering sensations bulleting through her.
This is just sex. She reminded herself to make sure she didn’t lose sight of the ground rules.
What she actually experienced was an irrevocable bond being forged, a union like no other. And it was Owen. Her fantasy finally come to life. 
And then whatever thoughts she had scattered completely as he slowed, and she could feel his body coil, tense, pull back, all in preparation for what she knew was coming. It was enough to send her over yet again, the waning sun spilling against their bodies like stardust, as she gasped for air and gave back equally with every swollen thrust he made.
He was all but growling when he came, his hands holding tightly to her hips as he bucked against her. She gave herself over to him, reveled in his shuddering release, tightening around him to give them both every last explosion of pleasure.
He was shaking as he slid from her body and let her legs drop from around his waist. He rolled them both so that she was lying on top of him. The cool air of the loft felt good on her slick skin. Neither of them moved. The sun sank below the skyline as their heartbeats eased to a somewhat steadier rhythm. It was the only steady thing about her at the moment.
It felt good, she decided, being in his arms. Held so tightly, both cuddled and coddled. But she would have to admit that she had expected him to roll over, get up, say that was great, dress, and leave. Given his aversion to commitment, somehow she figured he would be was cautious because his own emotions were in play. Maybe that was wishful thinking.
She had to prepare herself for it. She would have the sex she wanted with the bad boy, but this time she wouldn’t let him break her heart. She’d be prepared.
She must have withdrawn then, in some way, because he tightened his hold slightly, then slid his hand up to lift her chin.
“Hi there.”
She smiled at that. Men. Such a way with words. But it was the look in his eyes, a little amazed, but tempered with a lot of affection, that kept her from teasing him. She felt much the same way and wondered if he saw that in her eyes. “Hi yourself.”
“That was…” He let the words trail off, but held her gaze, his own intensifying in ways that had her heart rate kicking up again.
“Agreed,” she said softly. “It was.”
He gathered her closer, settling her between his legs, so she was pressed against the full length of him, chest to chest, hip to hip. The soft places on her easing against all the hard planes of him. It felt remarkably fantastic, and far too perfect. She never wanted to leave, and she had to force herself to relax. She knew what was coming. He’d warned her this was what it was, nothing more. No matter how stunned and replete he looked.
“Hang on a second.” He rose gently, and she slipped off his body. Reaching down into his jeans, he pulled out his cell phone.
“Ah, so you were ready to call the police.”
He grinned. “Of course, but you have no idea how glad I am right now that it was you instead of a thief.”
“Oh, I think I do.”
His grin widened and, reaching behind her, he pulled her ponytail loose. Her hair fell around her face as he pushed a speed dial button.
His eyes never left hers and he said into the phone. “Hey, this is Owen. I won’t be in tonight.”
She heard the incredulous tone of the person on the other end of the phone.
“Nope, you handle it.” He disconnected the call and cupped her face. His mouth found hers again and his hand delved into her hair, tugging her head back to get a better angle on her mouth.
She sank into him, her guard dropping a little bit, but not totally.
#
Later they fed the dogs, but left them in Owen’s loft. Ordered dinner in and ate and laughed and made love again.
Her hair fell forward as he brought her mouth to his. “Owen, I want to feel your weight on me.”
It caught his heart the way she said his name. It was deep and intimate. Callie was so true to herself, so open and sweet. She couldn’t be anything else, and he wouldn’t want it any other way. He shifted them both to their sides, paused there for a moment, kissed her, then moved the rest of the way, sinking deeply into her as she lifted up and wrapped her legs around his hips. 
And he held her gaze in between long, slow kisses, moving inside of her, feeling her match his steady rhythm as easily as if they’d done this for centuries. He finally slid his arm beneath her, tilted her hips up that extra bit, so he could sink a tiny bit deeper, reach that spot he already knew was there, the one that made her gasp and tighten around him convulsively. The one he knew would take them both over the edge, as he looked into her eyes. “Callie…”
And those green windows to her soul grew shuttered then, at that one hoarsely uttered whisper. And it didn’t scare him so much as hurt him. Because it felt like she was his, dammit, and it made him sick to think he might do something, say something to hurt her, and the look in her eyes confirmed it. Even though they both knew the reality of what they were doing to each other.  Even as she pushed him over the edge. And where it would leave them.



Chapter Seven
“You what?” Brooke’s eyes narrowed, and she set down her martini on the polished marble surface of the bar at Colton’s, an upscale Manhattan restaurant. They were out for Brooke’s twenty-seventh birthday, and they had all ramped up their fashion game. The dark grey dress Brooke wore was typically conservative, but did have a flare of interest with the beads on the neckline, sleeves and hem. Brooke’s dark hair was pulled into a severe bun.
Callie had promised herself she wouldn’t feel defensive, but Brooke’s look made her squirm. “I slept with him, so just get over it.” Her own ensemble had been chosen with the help of Harper, who simply knew what Callie liked. So the coral organza thigh-length dress with a sporty racerback neckline and a skirt of oversized rosette appliqués fit her to a tee. Thinking about how Owen liked her hair loose, Callie had actually taken the time to use a curling iron, though she’d had to borrow it from Poe.
“I told you it was going to happen,” Harper said with a smug look. “Owen is charismatic and gorgeous.” Harper was wearing a red, multi-tonal sequined dress woven with a lightning motif throughout with a red mesh jacket, the lapels red silk. Harper’s tresses were a mass of golden curls. There wasn’t a man who passed them who didn’t gape.
“He’s funny and sweet, too,” Callie said, knowing she sounded defensive again.
“Oh, she’s a goner,” Poe said taking a long drink of her martini and looking very stylish in a one-shoulder snake print dress with a loose-fitting blouson top nipped at the waist. The style of the dress revealed the raven tattoo just below her collarbone, fashioned out of the word nevermore. Poe’s long, dark blue-streaked hair was pulled into a sleek, high ponytail.
Brooke groaned. “Are you sure about this?”
“I know what I’m getting into. I think he feels something for me.” Callie hoped that her defensiveness didn’t stem from any subtle sign she got from Owen.
“You have stars in your eyes, and I thought you were past all this, Callie,” Brooke said, signaling the bartender for another round.
“It’s not the same,” she insisted. “I saw it in his eyes.” She had seen it when he’d been making love to her. She was sure of it.
“Well, if you’re really sure about this, I guess I can’t change your mind.”
She touched Brooke’s arm, and her friend’s face and eyes softened. Callie knew her friend was just being tough because she was worried about her. “Nope. I’d love for you to meet him.”
“Let’s go now,” Harper said with a mischievous smile.
“That’s an exclusive club and a tough door. The drinks are like twenty-five bucks. We can’t get in without Owen’s say-so,” Brooke said, downing a quarter of her martini.
“I’ve got a voucher he gave me, so we can get in,” Poe said.
“I don’t need no stinking voucher,” Harper laughed. “I’m a regular there and I know the doorman.”
“Of course she does,” Poe murmured and rolled her eyes. “She knows practically everyone. It’s too pricey for me.”
“Don’t worry, we won’t stay long. We’re just going to meet Owen, and I’m sure he’ll be generous with the drinks.”
“I don’t know—” Callie was cut off.
“Come on. It’ll be fun,” Harper said. Brooke looked worried and Poe resigned.
Dragging Callie along, they all climbed into Harper’s limo and directed the driver to FLASH. Callie wasn’t sure this was such a good idea, but she wanted to see Owen. Yesterday had been special. Waking up in his arms this morning had been seductive and cozy, none of that awkward morning after. They fooled around in the shower and she’d been late for work. After walking the dogs, they had found it surprisingly easy to return Jack to her loft.
The limo pulled up in front of FLASH, which turned out to be fairly close to Colton’s. She would never have been able to get in, at least not without Harper or Poe’s voucher.
The line snaked around the corner. The ornate wooden door was guarded by a very big man. His shaved head gleamed in the streetlight glow, and the closer she got to him, the larger he loomed. No one was getting inside this club who didn’t belong there. But then the doorman saw Harper and his eyes lit up. She charmed him, and he let them through. The music was loud, and the place was full, with several celebrities, plenty of models who looked too young to drink, and tons of older, sharply dressed men to escort them. At the bar, Harper yelled over a pounding beat. The bartender told them Owen was in the back. Harper led the way. When they got there, the door was ajar. Callie pushed it open with a smile on her face, but it evaporated immediately.
Owen was up against his desk. His shirt was undone and Celeste was all over him, her mouth on his.
She gasped, and her heart plummeted to her feet. No matter how much she’d prepared herself, she felt her heart break.  She’d been a fool.  At the sound, Owen turned his head and his eyes widened.
“Callie!”
She didn’t wait. She turned and ran through the dancers and out the front door of the club.
#
He pushed Celeste away from him and headed for the door, but a dark-haired woman with a bun stood in his path.
“You snake!”
Celeste, her voice filled with remorse spoke up. “No. He’s not a snake. I was coming on to him, and I ignored his very gentlemanly efforts to stop me. I just thought he was playing hard to get.  I didn’t know about Callie. I’m sorry.”
“Oh, my God, Callie! She thinks…” Poe said, her hand going to her mouth.
“Exactly,” he said to her. Without another word, he threaded his way through the three women and dashed out of the club to the street.
He called out to Callie from the sidewalk, but she didn’t respond as she jumped into a hailed cab and it drove by.
He saw her through the window, and the tears on her face made him feel shame like he’d never felt before. “Callieeeee…” he shouted, running after the cab, but it didn’t stop.
“Quick,” the golden-haired woman said. “We can take my limo.”
#
When Callie got home, she changed out of her dress and put on sweats. To think she’d had every intention of seducing him after he got home. She clipped the leash onto Jack’s collar.
Her emotions in a shambles, her heart cracked and bleeding, she took the elevator down to the parking garage and jumped into her Jeep.
She was speeding out of the garage when she saw a limo pull up, and Owen and her three friends spilled out onto the street. With tears blinding her, she hit the gas pedal and left them behind.
#
For a moment Owen stood there and watched her drive off. He jabbed his hands through his hair, clutching it in frustration and pacing in circles. He willed himself to stay calm, but found it more of a struggle than it had ever been in his life. Sick with worry, literally nauseated, he fought to rein in the panic.
“She just needs some time alone. I’m Brooke Palmer and this is Harper Sinclair. You’ve met Poe.”
He nodded to them. “I’ve seen Harper around. Nice to meet you, finally.”
“Sorry it’s under these circumstances.”
“So am I. Do you know where she might have gone?” They shook their heads and his shoulders slumped. “If you hear from her, would you give her my cell phone number, please?” and he rattled it off. They all nodded. He didn’t even bother to go back to the club. He just headed up to his loft.
His heart heavy, he opened the door and was greeted by an exuberant Jill. He brightened a little. She still lived next door. She would have to talk to him sooner or later.
#
Callie ran up her parents' steps as the porch light came on, Jack close behind her. Just seeing her mother’s face through the glass and she burst into tears again. In seconds her mother was holding her tight. Jack paced back and forth, whining in distress for his mistress.
Her mother ushered her into the house, and all the while Callie spilled out what had happened. The sympathy in her mother’s eyes made fresh tears fall.
“Oh, honey. I’m so sorry. You’re talking about Owen, the guy who has the pregnant dog? I thought you were just neighbors.”
“We were, and then it turned into something else.” She sat on the overstuffed sofa as Lila trundled up and sniffed her. Callie reached out and gave her a quick pat.
Her father popped his head in the room. “What’s wrong?”
“Callie is having man issues and she needs to talk to her mother.”
“Oh, okay,” he said gruffly, backing out of the room. He peeked back in briefly. “Well, if it helps, your mother made her double fudge cupcakes.”
“Let’s go in the kitchen,” her mother suggested, making shooing motions at her husband.
Callie sat at the table while her mom poured her a big glass of milk, opened up a plastic container, and put several cupcakes on a plate. She brought both over to the table and sat down. Callie wasn’t sure she could eat anything, but when the delicious chocolate fragrance hit her nose, she reached for one of the delectable goodies. Biting into the moist deliciousness, she took a quick gulp of milk.
Her mother leaned forward. “Now. You said you caught him with another woman. What happened there?”
“It was in his office at the club. We came by unexpectedly. I was so devastated I ran.”
“So you haven’t talked to him?”
“No. I couldn’t face him and my friends. I felt overwhelmed and heartbroken.”
“Do you want to stay here tonight?”
“No, I’ve got to get back. I guess I need to have a discussion with him. It just hurts, Mom. I thought we had this amazing connection. Seems I was wrong.”
“I know it looks bleak now, sweetheart, but take each day at a time.”
Callie nodded and reached for another cupcake.
Two hours later, she let herself back into her loft. She had just set down her keys when she heard a terrible pounding at her door.
When she opened it, it was Owen. His eyes were frantic. He grabbed her upper arms. “Jill is having her puppies.”
“What? No! It’s too early.”
“Only by a week. Please help her. She looks like she’s having a hard time.”
Without hesitation she headed towards Owen’s loft. Jack whimpered when she closed him into her loft. “Sorry, buddy, but you’ll just get in the way.”
Callie walked up to Jill’s whelping box, where the poor thing was panting and whimpering. Kneeling down inside, she said softly, “How’s my pretty girl?”
The dog looked up at her with pain-filled eyes and whimpered again. Callie gently put her hand on Jill’s stomach. Owen hovered over her.
“Owen, go boil water.”
“Water,” he said dumbfounded, not taking his eyes off Jill.
“Yes, water. Now! We need hot water and some rags. Give me your cell.”
After handing her the phone, he disappeared into the kitchen. Callie dialed Poe’s number. Her sleepy voice answered.
“I need your help. Jill is whelping and she’s in distress.”
“I’m on my way.”
Owen came back into the room and paced. Callie let him. She tried to put her feelings aside for the sake of the dog. But she couldn’t help caring about Owen.
“Please help her, Callie. I can’t lose her. I love that dog.”
Callie’s heart twisted in her chest and she rose and put her arms around him. “I’ll do everything I can. Poe is on her way. Everything will be fine. First time births can be difficult.”
He pulled her tight against him and said, “Callie—”
The knock at the door cut him off. “That’s Poe.” Callie raced to the door and pulled it open. Poe, still in her pajamas burst in. “Did you start water?”
“Done.” Just then the kettle started to whistle. Owen left the room. 
“Keep the water coming,” Callie called after him.
Poe pushed up her sleeves and quickly and quietly examined the dog. Her face was concerned, but not overly so. Callie was already relieved, because she knew Poe was too expressive to hide it if she was really worried.
“We were worried about you.  Are you okay?” Poe whispered.
“Yes.  I was caught off-guard.  Now Brooke can say she told me so.”
“I’m not so sure about that.  Owen was completely upset by the whole—” Poe stopped talking and said, “She’s having contractions, and I think she might need a little bit of help. Could you talk to her and hold her head?”
Callie got into position as Owen brought in a big bowl of water and some old towels. He set it down within Poe’s reach and stepped back, watching them.
Poe dislodged the first puppy and as soon as she did, it began to yip. Poe smiled and said, “A feisty little guy. Owen, clean him off with the water and set him near Jill. She’ll be worried if he’s out of her sight, so stay close.”
He took the wriggling little dark wet bundle of fur and ears and did as he was instructed. Callie met his eyes and the wonder in them was touching. He smiled and held the puppy close to Jill. “Look, Jill, you’re a mom.”
Poe was pulling out another puppy; this one was almost all white with a tiny pink nose and paw pads. “It’s another male.” Owen set down the first male and took the latest puppy from Poe. Callie stroked Jill’s head and murmured to her. “Good job. Two so far.”
Over the next fifteen minutes, Poe delivered a brindle male, two more black and white puppies, one a male and one a female, and a fawn female. Poe felt her stomach and frowned. “I think there’s one more.”
When Callie saw the tiny Harlequin emerge, she smiled, but it soon faded as Poe looked down at it.
“Callie…” she trailed off.
“No,” Callie said softly, reaching out. She took the still puppy into her hands and gently massaged. “Come on. You can do it.” Her voice was clogged with tears.
The puppy gave a jerk and then started yipping. Relief swept through her. “Oh, thank God.”
Poe sat back and grinned, taking the puppy from Callie and checking its sex. “It’s a female.”
Owen reached out and grasped her forearm. “Thank you for coming. Thank you so much!”
Poe nodded and patted his hand absently. “Let’s get them to nurse, and then everything should be fine. I want to make sure the little Harlequin is okay and is nursing well before I leave.”
All the puppies latched on and began drinking. Jill recovered from her labor and started licking them. At first the little Harlequin had a tough time with it, but once Poe expelled some of the milk, she latched on and started sucking.
“She looks okay, all pink and white and black. Keep them warm and let Jill take care of them. I see that you have a very nice cozy whelping box.” Poe dislodged a blanket and she peered beneath it. “Callie, isn’t that your Judith Leiber clutch?”
“It is? Do you suppose that’s the pillow and quilt from the two other tenants?”
“Yup, and looks like there’s the dinosaur quilt you told me about, Callie. Owen, apparently your dog can open doors,” Poe said. “Clever girl.”
Owen shook his head. “Jill was the thief?”
Poe rose and went to clean up. When she came back, she gave Owen instructions. “Now you guys are free to talk. I do think you have more than puppies to discuss.” She squeezed Callie’s shoulder. “Call me if you need me.”
Callie nodded. She hadn’t moved from Jill’s head. When the door closed behind Poe, Owen turned towards her.
“Callie,” he stepped forward, and the utter agony on his face made her heart soften. “I don’t want Celeste. But she’s a good business manager, so I was trying to let her down gently when you showed up. I would have never hurt you like that.”
Callie rose and walked over to him. “I thought—”
“No! Maybe I do have a reputation with women, but what we experienced was extraordinary. I would never do anything to jeopardize it. I care—”
She cut him off this time with a hard, fast kiss. Which led to another longer, slower kiss. “I’m sorry I overreacted, but I feel exactly the same about you.”
He took her into his arms. “Well, then we have a dilemma, or actually two.”
“Oh, and they are?”
“First, love me, love my dog. And we both know she’s a wanton hussy who gets into trouble when you least expect it.”
“Well, with Jack in the picture, I would say that guarantees there will be more puppies in the future.”
“Promise me the births will be easier. Although the fact that you have a vet on call makes that a little easier to handle. And, as long as your parents take the litters, that will be fine with me. In fact, could your parents take this litter? I don’t know what I was thinking. All these Danes in this loft would make it very crowded.”
“I promise. As soon as they can be moved. And what’s your second dilemma?”
“I don’t want you across the hall. I want you here, with me.”
“Is that so?”
He nodded and kissed her again.
She smiled then. “Well, isn’t it handy then that my brother had already developed a plan for knocking through that wall over there and making this loft and my loft into one?”
“This sounds like an even better plan.” He traced his fingers down along her nose, and across her lips. It made her sigh and tingle all at the same time. “We’ll need the space for three Great Danes.”
“Three?”
“Yes, I saw the way you looked at that little Harlequin. It was love at first sight. I bet you even have a name for her.”
“I do, Mr. Smarty.”
“Let’s hear it.”
“Golden Diamond Girl’s Miracle.”
“Nice. And her call name?”
“I was thinking Tilly.”
He blinked rapidly and she watched as he struggled with his emotions. Finally, he nodded. “That’s freaking perfect.”
She laughed as he scooped her up and carried her out of the living room, then thrilled at the rascally bad-boy grin on his face as he opened the door with his hip. 
“You know we have responsibilities now,” he said before tossing her lightly onto the bed and landing next to her. He swiftly divested them both of their clothes, took care of protection, and pulled her under him, as they grinned at each other like a couple of silly, out-of-control, lovesick loons or…dogs.
“Yes, but we can check on them a little later,” she gasped as goose bumps rushed up her arms and pebbled her nipples. Wow. Just from feeling his weight on her.
He nipped her earlobe and looked down into her eyes, then lifted her hips as he slid deep inside. “Sounds like we have a plan.”
#
Six months later Callie was in the stands watching Owen and Jill compete in their very first agility competition. Tilly was thriving and growing into a beautiful, albeit smaller-sized Great Dane, and the construction on their loft was complete. She and her three friends, her parents, and her brother were all yelling their fool heads off.
Jill moved quickly but surely as Owen ran beside her and gave her the hand signals. The clock on the leader board ticked along.  She was so close…yes! She beat the time.  As Callie clapped, the leader board changed and for a moment she stared as she saw her name. Callie, will you marry me?
Harper squealed and hugged her. She watched in stunned amazement as Owen and Jill trotted up to her. He stopped and sent Jill the rest of the way. She had a turquoise bag in her mouth. Inside the bag, Callie found a turquoise ring box. With shaking hands, she opened it to reveal the most beautiful ring. A round cut diamond with little diamonds all around it, the setting a brushed platinum.
She looked up to find Owen standing there. The audience watched them. “You asked me to marry you at your first competition?”
“Yes. In front of all these people, your family and friends. I want the whole world to know you’re mine.  I love you, Callie.”
He took the ring out of the box and slipped it on her finger. “It’s perfect for working with dogs,” she said. “No chance of it snagging on collars.”
“Exactly. A sporty ring for my girl-next-door.”
Jill woofed and everyone laughed as Callie threw her arms around Owen.
She whispered in his ear, “I love you, too, and my answer is yes!”
Then she kissed him. Right in front of a whole stadium full of very interested and amused people.

***********
Don’t miss the story of Brooke Palmer’s romance and the chaos of Callie’s wedding plans in the next book of the Going to the Dogs Series – Roll-Over – You’re Dead! Coming in December, 2012!



About the Author
Zoe Dawson is the alter ego of multi-published, bestselling author Karen Anders. Karen started her career because her grandmother gave her a book to read. That book made her fall in love with romance and started her on the trek to get published. She achieved that goal in 1996 with the publication of Jennifer’s Outlaw for Silhouette. Even with many books under her belt, she can’t wait for that next idea, that next exquisite sentence and, of course, the next hero and heroine who fall in love. 

Connect with Me Online:
website:  www.zoedawson.com/
twitter:  www.twitter.com/ZoeDawsonAuthor
facebook:  www.facebook.com/zoedawsonauthor1
goodreads:  www.goodreads.com/zoedawson
 


Dear Reader,
Thank you for embarking on this journey with me.  It’s been fabulous to write this book for your enjoyment.

Please feel free to message me online through twitter, facebook, or my website. I would love to hear from you.  To find out when the next Going to the Dog book releases, check my website.

Best, Zoe
