




The Avalon Legacies Book One
Legacy Forgotten
By: Nicole Hill








Library of Congress Cataloging-in-publication-data
Hill, Nicole
Legacy Forgotten ®/Nicole Hill
Copyright June 21, 2012 ®
Registration Number TX 7-535-979
ISBN- B005WL8EAA
Cover copyright Nicole Hill





I would like to dedicate this, my first published novel to my grandfather, Robert Lee Deese Sr. Thanks Papa; for always telling me I could be whatever I wanted to be, no matter where I came from.
And thanks to Diane Stanton, for helping me to find my inspiration. She forced me to read a Paranormal Romance and I ended up finding my muse. Seriously, I probably would have never done it without ya girl.
Love ya both,

                               Prologue

First of all, I would like to introduce myself. I won’t tell you my name as it has never been a name that was very important anyway. In the story I am about to tell you, I was only a spectator as I have never been that high on the social ladder. However, I am a storyteller and with that comes a natural and uncontrollable lust for a great mystery. No matter where I am or what I am doing, I am always watching and listening to everything. In this world, you never know when you will stumble upon an awesome who done it.
Now, I realize that most of you may not be fully aware of every thing going on all around you. That’s okay. I’ll explain but you are going to need to sit down and those of you already in the know are just going to have to be patient for a minute while I blow some peoples minds here. So. You know how supernatural creatures are made up right? Yeah? Not really. Now I know what you are thinking. “This girl’s off her rocker.” Yeah. A while ago, I would have agreed with you. But after everything I have seen in the last thirty years, I can tell you with full certainty that I am most sane and that all kinds of supernatural creatures exist and I have seen most of them. You can chose to believe or not. That’s none of my business. For those who do believe there is more out there than the masses know about, get comfortable because I have got one hell of story to tell you.
I’m not going to unload the full extent of what’s currently our there in case any of the newbies have decided to continue on in this quest with me. I would not want to totally jack-up everything they have ever believed in all at once or anything. You believers aren't in the clear either. I can guarantee some of the things I have seen will probably be very new to you as well. Now, I know that most books start at the beginning of the story but as I stated earlier. I am not an Author. I am a storyteller and the best what to tell this story properly is to start somewhere in the middle of it. So, go get something to drink, go to the bathroom and find the most comfortable reading spot in your house and let me tell you the tale of The Avalon Legacies.
Now you may be wondering what the heck The Avalon Legacies are and why you have never heard of them. Well, lets just say that some people let fear get in the way of their better judgment. Secrets separate people. Or species. However you want to look at it. I for one am about tired of having the legacies of the most powerful (if a bit unstable) people to have ever walked this earth be reduced to a bunch of fables and fairy-tales. It’s time the world knew the truth and here it is. Ever heard of Camelot? What about Avalon? Do you believe they were real? What if I told you they were? What if I told you that King Arthur, Merlin, Guinevere, Morgan Le fey and the lady of the lake were nothing more than a very powerful, very dysfunctional family? At this point, you are probably imagining every version of Arthur and his famed sword you have ever seen, read or heard. You are wondering which version this one is based on. Anyone who is familiar with the various Arthur/Merlin based legends Will have their own views on who they think was good and who they think was evil. They will have their own beliefs on what they think actually happened.
    To those people I say; Forget everything you think you know right now. I'm serious. Whatever you have seen, heard or read is probably way off base. The Avalon Legacies is the story of one infamously powerful family that made one devastating mistake after another. A family that fell so infamously from grace with The Goddess that she cursed their entire race, cast them out of their magical home in Avalon and slammed it's gates closed to earth until the day that they are able to redeem themselves. With no one left to continue the Fey teachings and the Christian Crusades spreading across Europe, mankind's ability to wield magic on this planet slowly disappeared. The histories of a once great King, noble family and wondrously magical race were slowly reduced to nothing more than stories for children. So much so, that most of the descendants of this great family don't even know who they are or that they are supposed to be redeeming themselves and the ones who do know have either hidden it, faked their death or have been on this fruitless quest for so long that they have lost the ability to think rationally.
  The Avalon Legacies is not your everyday tale of good and evil. There is no straight black and white but instead, an everlasting gray area. Those you think are evil, may not be. Those you think are good, may not be and those who started off good may change due to their experience and vice verse. There are five legacies. Each one follows this family as they are tasked with each step toward redemption. With every step forward, they see only more steps. Behind every door, there always seems to be another and don't think that this path to redemption only leads back to Arthur and his family. Each legacy goes deeper and deeper into the past. Every creation was the direct result of something that happened to the creator. ( God or Goddess) Whatever creator that may be.
  The events that lead up to earth's first and forgotten Apocalypse, were set into motion long before God ever created earth. This family discovers that not only are they tasked with fixing the mistakes of their forefathers that lead to the death of magic on this planet but that some of those mistakes may have been manipulated by other creators. They discover that the creation of their race was directly related to a many century old feud between two of what the family finds out are many, many, many creators. The secrets that this family unearth during their quest will one day re-write all that ever was and all that ever will be. If they can survive standing up to even the most stubborn and pigheaded creators in existence. That is.
Now, I know that was a ton to take in but don't worry. I’m going to break it down into sections for you. As I stated earlier, To get to the beginning of this one, we are going to have to start in the middle. I apologize for this as I hate this kind of thing myself but I think it only fair that you guys learn this epic tale of good and evil in the same order that I did. As I said, I’m only a spectator here and only because I happen to be about the nosiest person on the planet. I stumbled upon this story as I was eavesdropping on a conversation between a man a woman in a parking garage one night about thirty years ago. As soon as I heard what the man had to say, I knew that this could be the biggest mystery of my long and tedious life and I had to know everything. I was so right. This knowledge is about to change your whole life. I guarantee it. We are starting off in Miami in the early 1990’s. I know. A story about King Arthur in the 90’s. Crazy right? But so true. So lets get started.
Chapter 1
Kenneth awoke with a hunger he'd never felt before. He had been restless of late and couldn't shake this sense of impending doom that was coursing through him. After curbing his hunger; he decided a walk was in order. He walked down the dank dirty streets, passing a bum sleeping on one of the benches. Aah. South Beach. He  thought with a smirk to himself. A virtual playground for murders, thieves and drug dealers. He fit in perfectly.
Kenneth had come to Miami six months ago from his native home in Madrid and still had no clue as to what he was doing here. He just packed one day and took off, not knowing where he was going. He traveled day and night; never wavering or turning back. It was like his soul ( if he had one, that is ) knew exactly where to go. Sure enough, when he got here, he knew this was his final destination. He just had no damn clue as to why.
Kenneth never made up excuses for what he was. He was a creature of the night; plain and simple. He killed without remorse. Hell, that's how he survived. A guy's got to eat right? Kenneth knew what it meant to be evil. He'd asked for the gift over one hundred years ago and who was he to complain? He did whatever he wanted whenever he wanted and didn't have to answer to anyone. He had more money than he'd  ever spend in a lifetime. The only complaint he could currently think of,  had to do with the damn compulsion that forced him to come to this hot, humid cesspool where the scum of human society were left to congregate.
It had been hours since he'd eaten and Kenneth figured he would go back and see if his prey had been discovered yet. Sure enough; the vice squad was there and swarming all over the place like a pack of wolves on the hunt. Stupid Humans. He thought to himself. Kenneth didn't have anything against the humans. Not personally. After all; he used to be one. But over the years, he'd found that most of them are not that bright. From what he saw, most of the time they just walked around scratching their heads; like a bunch of monkeys. They'll never find anything. He thought pleased with himself. The only thing they’ll find about this victim is the fact that there isn't a drop of blood left in his sorry ass. They will never find out how it happened as there are no bite marks. One of the Perks of have healing antibodies in your saliva. So all the pigs will have is a dried up carcass and no clue as to how it got that way.
He chuckled to himself as another squad car rolled up. More pigs to trifle around in the dirt, hoping to find a clue. The car coasted to a stop right in front of the entrance to the crime scene; An old abandoned theater just off of Ocean Drive and a short, pudgy balding man exited the driver's side in typical pompous pig fashion. Kenneth was just about to turn and leave this sorry display of Miami's finest when the passenger door swung open and the passenger stepped out. All the breath left his lungs and the earth began to spin. There she was; Carmelita, right before his eyes and she was alive! His excitement dissipated as he realized there was no way this angel standing beside the squad car was his Carmelita. She had been dead for over one hundred years.
The impostor moved to the interior of the theater and he followed; his movement quicker than any human could register. Being able to cloak his presence, no one noticed him as he found a good vantage point from which to fully see her and what she was doing. The impostor approached the body and bent down to take a look. Only then, did she address the officer standing in front of her. She looked up at the deputy and asked a number of questions. The deputy responded letting her know what had been done so far.
Kenneth took the opportunity to fully examine the gorgeousness that was this strange woman who resembled his long dead fiancee. Her long red hair was pulled into a pony tail on the top of her head. Her hair was the same color as Carmelita’s except, this woman's hair seemed to glow as if it were living. Her glowing green eyes, with their golden flakes, were the same as Carmelita's. The rest of her face was also flawlessly the same as he remembered Carmelita's looking, down to the full pout of her lips. Lips which at this moment were pulled into the most adorable grim line of concentration Kenneth had ever seen.
She wore a black leather jacket over a bright pink tank top with a skin tight pair of black pants that were tucked into a massive pair of black combat boots. She looked fierce. As the thought passed through his mind, Kenneth's partner in crime suddenly lurched to full attention. The surge of lust that shot through his body nearly had him gasping for breath. Kenneth quickly stomped the feeling back. He had more important things to worry about without imagining every way possible he'd love to make her his. He shook his head to clear it, as his wayward thoughts threatened to take over again.
Just then another young, pretty boy detective entered the theater speaking to the woman as he approached her.
“Ailis, what are you doing here? I thought you only dealt with high profile murders.”
Kenneth could barely breathe now. Her name was Ailis. How was that possible? Ailis was Carmelita's middle name. If it weren't for the fact that this human looked exactly like Carmelita, he wouldn't even consider that a coincidence. He listened closely to her speaking. It sounded just like her too. Dear God was he being punished? 
Ailis answered the pretty boy's question. “This ones a personal interest for me Collin.”
“ You’re interested in dead guys with no blood left. ” Collin retorted. “ That's kind of sadistic. I love it. ” He laughed as he winked at her.
Kenneth didn't know why but he suddenly felt the urge to rip this Collin's throat out. Ailis just rolled her eyes as Collin began asking the same questions she  just asked.
“ What was the time of death? ” Collin asked.
“ We don't know sir.”  The deputy answered.
“ What do you mean you don't know? ” Collin asked sounding a bit annoyed. “ Does anyone do his job around here? ”
“ Collin! ” Ailis said in a tired sounding voice that stopped him. Ailis rolled her eyes to look up as she spoke to Collin. “ It's kind of hard to determine a time of death on the scene as there is no blood to test the temperature.”  She stated. “ We will have to wait until the examiner can test the temperature of the organs.”
Collin stopped, stared at her for a moment and then started to laugh. “ See Ailis, that's what's so appealing about you, you are just so smart. ”
“ Wonderful. ” Ailis answered in the middle of an eye roll. “ I am always remembered for being the brains. ” She finished.
“ Well, ” Collins stated “ Your also beautiful, the total package. ”
Ailis sighed. “ Somehow Collin, that doesn't make me feel any better. ”
Kenneth couldn't believe his emotions. He had no right to be jealous of their friendly rapport but he wanted this guy dead. Fast. He wanted to know more about this Ailis, so he reached out for her thoughts and hit a crude barrier of some sorts. She pushed back on his mental breach and glared into the corner he was hidden in. She stared as if she could see him. He thought for a moment that she was going to alert the others to his presence, which wouldn't have mattered. It would have taken him all of thirty seconds to dispose of  them all. But instead, he heard her voice in his head.
“ Don't mess with me! ” She sent into the corner through her mind. How in the hell did she do that? She's not vampire, He would sense it if she was. She is just a human
***
Ailis felt the push immediately. She was astonished. It had been months since she’d had to use her ability to block an intrusion. She knew exactly where this one was. She just didn't know who they were. She couldn't even decipher whether it was male or female. She was leaning toward male. Just because of the arrogance and force behind the attempted intrusion but she wasn't positive. She glared into the corner, from which the push came. She gave only a small warning and hoped that it was enough. She assumed it was, as she felt the push on her brain leave.
She took fifteen more minutes to examine the body. By the time she was ready to leave she was sure that the victim died from a vampire bite just like the rest. She would never voice her opinion however, as everyone would think she'd gone off the deep end. She knew all the same, it was up to her to find out who was doing this or this would never end. She pulled into her driveway at ten till four in the morning. It was dark outside but she still heard the music coming from a mansion next door. These people here never stopped partying. Not that she didn't enjoy a good night of partying as much as the next twenty-two year old, but every night? The problem with these people is they have too much money and free time on their hands. Ailis had only been here for six months but she felt like it was six months too long.
Her grandmother died last September and Ailis was blessed with the one hundred year old Victorian Home. The house was immaculate,  in a 1800s kind of way. She loved that it was her Grandmothers home but Ailis was not content in this place. She felt out of place. The house was wonderful and when it was built it was probably in the middle of nowhere, which would have suited Ailis fine. But this place was always teeming with life. There was always an after party or a premier party going on. It wasn't all that bad. Good Fortune Island was an exclusive living community for only the most wealthy. Movie stars, music artists, Senators and people like her. Old money. So, at least she had her privacy, unless, some inventive paparazzi got past the guards that protect the bridge entrance. It was a literal island. Not just by name, so the only way in was a bridge which was gated and guarded. Of course, they could scuba dive in if they wanted to. In which case, Ailis felt that if they went through that much trouble, they deserve the picture. She was a no body, so they pretty much left her alone anyway.
Her grandfather used to own the whole island when he and her grandmother came to Miami from Spain a long ass time ago. After the death of her grandfather, her grandmother sold all but the half-acre parcel that the house and the outdoor pool sat on. The daytime was quiet, as most of the rich assholes had come home to sleep the day away. Ailis told everyone that's why she preferred the night shift. “ That's when the most happens around here.”  She would tell everyone when they would make a comment about her never wanting a day shift. The truth of it was, Ailis had always been a night person.
She had always slept the best during the day. At night she was up and ready to go. She used to partake in the Miami nightlife a lot more but since she landed this case, if she wasn't working, she was trying to sleep off her mental and physical exhaustion. I miss dancing. She thought to herself longingly, the feel of the music vibrating through her, inspiring her body to move almost of its’ own accord. Ailis loved music and she loved to dance. She also missed Maya. Maya was the head bartender at Kraze; one of the most popular night clubs on Ocean Drive. Ailis and Maya had made fast friends upon Ailis' arrival here in Miami. At first, Ailis was wary of the girl, not knowing if all vampires where evil or not. The only other one she'd ever met was definitely evil. Ailis had always known other things besides humans existed. Her grandmother told her about some of them when she was really little but Ailis had never really believed her and er mother always told her that her grandmother had Alzheimer's and that she confused reality with fairy tales. Ailis thought that made since but also knew she was different and if she existed, why couldn’t others?
Her first experience with a non human was wit a Vampire and that did not end well at all. It left her wary of all other supernatural races. Including her own. Whatever that was.
Then she'd met Maya. It was nice to have a friend who was different as well. She’d never had that in all her life.
I  really need to solve this case and go have a drink. She thought as she walked through her dark house. Ailis yawned as she flipped on light switches while made her way to her coffee pot. After turning it on, she wandered up stairs to get her shower. She couldn't stop thinking about the attempted intrusion to her mind earlier. She had only felt that a few times before but the other times the person had felt far away. Now they felt so much closer. She couldn't figure out why but she knew it was the same person. She also knew if the person she’d been feeling for the last few weeks was the same person from the theater then, she’d been channeling a murder for almost a month or something. Ailis pressed her forehead against the shower wall as she let the warm water wash down her back. Why couldn’t she just be like a normal twenty-two year old? She should still be in college, going to frat parties on the weekend. Instead she was here in Miami. Looking for what she had no idea. 
That was a lie. Ailis knew what she was looking for. Answers. She wanted answers her mother never gave her. Answers her mother chose to train out of her. Ailis wanted to know what she was and why all these things keep happening to her. If she had to confront even the worst of the supernatural world to get those answers then so be it. She needed to know what vampire was killing all of these people and why, If she learned any information about herself in the process, she’d consider that a bonus. Then maybe she could blow this Popsicle stand and go back home where she belonged.
Deliberately she searched for the path they had used and tried to reverse it. It was working until she slammed into a barrier of strength she had never experienced, even in communication with her grandmother.
Ailis’ grandmother came from Madrid. She was not sure what village, as her grandmother would never tell her. “Some things are better left forgotten,” She would say. Grandmother Carmelita was always vague with her life story.
Since she couldn't get through the barrier she decided to knock, so to speak. “Who are you?” She asked. No answer. She turned off the water and stepped from the shower. She kept trying even as she was toweling her hair. “Hello!” She shouted to the barrier. She put on her terry cloth robe and headed down to the kitchen to get her coffee. “I'm still trying to reach you.” She persisted while running back up stairs to get dressed. Finally, after twenty minutes and her second cup of coffee, she finally got an answer.
“Why are you bothering me?” He asked her point blank.
Bingo. She thought triumphantly. She knew he'd be a man. She was proud of herself for being right. His voice was smooth, like warm honey, it slid down her spine. She shook her head to clear the thought. Where had that come from?
“Who are you?” She asked again.
“Who are you?” He questioned back rudely.
“I thought I was asking the questions.” She shot back at the rudeness. “You tried to intrude in on my thoughts, now who are you?”
“Don’t you mean what am I?” He asked slyly.
“Don’t be coy with me.” She cautioned. “I know what you are. Now I want to know who you are and why you are here.”
He chuckled then. It was a low sensual rumble that made her wonder what he looked like. She quickly reprimanded herself for that thought. This is an interrogation. She firmly reminded herself.
“I have no idea why I am here.” He stated plainly. “How is it that you can block me, let alone communicate with me?” He asked her.
“I have always been able to. My grandmother was able to as well as my mother. What is your name?” She hated that she wanted to even know.
He didn't respond for about a minute. Kenneth was so confused all he wanted was answers. Like who was she and why did she resemble Carmelita so much? Finally, he figured that if he was ever going to find anything out, he would have to win her trust. “Kenneth” was the short answer he gave.
“Kenneth,” She stated out loud. “I haven't met you formally but I think that Kenneth suits you.” She said to him alone.
“Why do you say that?” He asked her, curious about what was going through her pretty little head. Damn he wished he could read her thoughts. He was perched on a tree limb outside one of her expansive living room windows, where he had been watching her since the moment she walked into her house. She was walking around picking up the kitchen and living room talking to him as if it was the most natural thing in the world. When he first saw her, it looked like she had shoulder length blazing red hair pulled back in a pony tail. Now, he realized she must have had it doubled up in the band as her candle flame colored hair fell in gorgeous cascades down her back ending just above her waistline. It was a breath taking sight. The glow from the chandelier behind her seemed to only enhance the look of living flames flowing from her scalp. She was so beautiful like his Carmelita, but different somehow. She was more confident in herself. He could watch her all day had he not been so aware of the short time before the sun would rise and again force him back to his sanctuary.
“You are from Spain, aren't you?” She asked.
“Yes.” He answered.
“I can tell.” She stated. “You even have an accent in your thoughts”
Now he was really interested in finding out more about this woman. She was extremely perceptive, for a human. “You seem to know a lot about an accent that most people don't notice. I try to hide it and you caught it anyway”. He stated.
She shrugged as if he were standing right in front of her. “My grandmother was from Spain so I am familiar with the accent.”
He accepted that and asked his former question again for clarification. “What was it you said about my name?”
“That it suited you was all”. She replied. “Do you know what it means?” She asked.
“No, I have no idea.” He answered impatiently.
“Born of Fire” She replied out loud. “Yes I definitely think it suits you.”
He was baffled. What the hell did it matter what his stupid name meant? He was named after a father he had never met. Kenneth was his father’s name, he was a Scottish land owner that traveled to Madrid on business and met his mother. It was love at first sight as his mother told the story. Kenneth hated the man he had never met. The true story was more close to the fact that his mother was in love and his father took what he could and got out clean while his mother was left to raise a child alone. Still, his mother loved the man enough to name her first and only son after him. He shook his head and brought his thoughts back to Ailis.
“How do you know what my name means?” He asked, shocked that he really wanted to know the answer instead of just trying to make her trust him. She shrugged her shoulders and her breasts rose in an all too appealing manner molding themselves to the nearly shear black tank she was wearing.
“My grandfather, on my father’s side was from Scotland. He was big on the meaning of names. Your name is Scott s Gaelic. It means Born of Fire” She said.
“What about your name? Where did you get it?” He asked, pleased with himself that he found an opening for his line of questioning.
“It was my grandmother's middle name. My mother named me after her”. She replied.
Kenneth felt like the air had been dragged out of his lungs. This was impossible. Carmelita died. It had to be a different person. And the most confusing aspect was how it was possible to care more for Ailis who he had just met, than he ever did for his beautiful Carmelita. He didn’t know why but he had this deep down gut feeling that Ailis was vitally important to him in some way. He had always believed he loved Carmelita. He had always thought that it was his memories of her that got him through this hellish existence that was his life. Now, the feelings he had for Ailis were all consuming. It was hard for him to think of anything but her, he was obsessed with her, and he felt that he needed her as much as he needed blood. How could this possibly happen after only mere hours? He shook this thought off and chalked it up to the fact that she looked like Carmelita and nothing more.
Through their shared mental link, he was looking out of her window, without actually seeing what was there until she said “Are you indoors?”
“What kind of a question is that?” He asked, still distracted by his rambling thoughts.
“Well” she said, “if you aren't, I would suggest you get there fast. I have more questions for you and I can't ask them if you are burnt to a crisp.” She heard him swear and smiled. Glad for some odd reason that it was she that had made him forget the approaching dawn.
“Got to go” He stated.
“Don't go too far.” She told him. “I'll want those questions answered tonight.”
“Do I have a choice?” He retorted.
“Well yes. But I guarantee that you will never rest peacefully, cause I'll keep bothering you,” She said with a smile. At that the connection was gone. Ailis went upstairs pulled the dark curtains closed and went to bed. Kenneth barely made it inside the house before the sun broke over the horizon. He was so utterly shaken by the night's activities. He quickly went to his chambers and sought oblivion.
Ailis did not sleep well that day. She kept waking up feeling a deep sense of loss. She didn't know what it was but she knew it had to do with Kenneth. He was a mystery. She knew he was the one who was killing all of these people but she could not bring herself to hate him for it. Still, she was a detective and with that came her responsibility. What was she going to do? Arrest a vampire. She was so confused. She fought with herself over the fact that all of the victims, upon further investigation had proven to be very bad people. The first was six weeks ago and it turned out that he was a suspect in Marion County in a murder investigation. Upon searching his apartment they found the evidence in the form of pictures that proved  he had killed a High School student from Gainesville and dumped her body in a river.
The next was three weeks ago and they discovered that he ran an adult movie company that also did teen bondage flicks on the side. She hated to find out what the newest addition to the morgue had done to end up in an abandoned theater with every last drop of blood drained from him. She hated herself for siding with Kenneth but in this case she felt that they had gotten what they deserved. That still didn't change the fact that it was her job to catch the person responsible for these crimes. But the trouble was they didn't seem that much like crimes to her.
“The rays of the sun” Ailis sat straight up in her bed and glanced around the dark room. She wasn't dreaming. She had heard his voice plain as day.
“What are you talking about?” She asked sleepily.
“The rays of the sun, that's what Ailis means. Funny isn't it?” He asked sounding as sleepy as she did.
She was so startled it took her a few moments to answer. “I thought you people slept during the day?” She asked him grumpily.
“We normally do, but all of your worrying has kept me awake.” He replied.
“I've kept you awake.” She stated. “You're the one who has kept me awake, I've never felt so sad before and those feelings are coming from you.”
“Woman I have no idea what you are talking about. Now go to sleep so that I can.”
Ailis finally fell asleep with a smile on her lips.
Chapter 2
When Kenneth awoke, his first thought was of Ailis. He quickly went out to find some dinner to keep his mind on something besides her. He found a great candidate; a large round man in his forties, the worst of his kind. He seduced young girls with promises of puppies and new clothes. As much as he wanted to, he could not bring himself to kill the bastard.
He took what he needed, erased the jerks memory, added a little something to make sure he didn't continue his dastardly ways and then left him wandering around looking for the nearest monastery. Serves him right, Kenneth thought to himself. Spending the rest of his life in the service of monks should help him to see the error of his ways. What was wrong with him? Usually he would have just drained the asshole and been done with it. He convinced himself that it was just the fact that he wanted information from Ailis and if she was running around everywhere looking for clues in his murders then he couldn't interrogate her. Yeah that was it, right? He had no idea how to even interrogate her. He couldn't keep his mind focused enough to ask the proper questions. He could hear her calling him but he still needed more time to prepare. He had been walking on the beach for about an hour when he felt her walk up behind him. He turned and eyed her suspiciously.
“What are you doing here?” He asked shocked because he had never allowed anyone to sneak up on him before.
“I was looking for you.” She replied quietly.
“How did you find me?” He asked. “You didn't even know what I look like.”
“I didn't have to, you were preoccupied so I slipped in and took a look around.” She answered.
Kenneth's jaw dropped open at the thought that this “human” could enter his mind without his knowledge. He was beginning to think, she wasn't very human after-all. Why could he not sense what she was?
She looked up at him and cocked her head to the side examining him. “Yep, Kenneth suits you all right.” She said a bit too sarcastically.
He had to gather his thoughts before he spoke. His brain was in a fog and he didn't like this at all. Better he get the information he needed and then wipe her memory. “What are you doing here?” He asked.
She looked at him like he was daft. “I already told you. I was looking for you.”
“No” He shook his head. “I mean what are you doing in Miami?”
She turned into herself looking puzzled. She then looked back up shrugged her shoulders and said “I don't know either.”
He was exasperated with this woman. She never told the truth. Well she was only telling a half-truth and he knew it. He tried to slip discreetly into her mind and was promptly pushed away, Not only by her mind, but also by the glare in her eyes.
“Don't do that again.”  She said crossly. “My thoughts are my own.”
“I would say the same for me.” He retorted back.
“How else was I supposed to find out where you were?” She asked all too innocently. “Besides I didn't see what you were thinking. I just saw what you saw so I would know were you were.”
“Asking would have been a good step.” He answered sarcastically.
She cocked her eyebrows at him. “Then I would not have been able to observe you being yourself. I am a detective after all.” She answered with a wry chuckle.
So she was spying. He thought to him self, feeling a bit too satisfied for his liking. He liked the fact that she wanted to look at him. “How did you know it was me?” He asked.
***
Ailis would have known him anywhere. She didn't know why but it seemed that she had met him before. She answered with a swift “I just did” But that was untrue, she knew the minute she saw him walking forlornly into the wind.
He was tall, really tall, At least six foot four or five. Ailis had to crane her neck to look into his eyes even at her overly tall for a woman, five foot ten. Ailis thought that was just delicious. Ailis never wore heels because then she had to look down to most men and she hated it. It made her feel like a freak. Ailis could tell she would fit real nicely in his embrace. His skin was like his voice. Dark and smooth like honey. Stretched tight over what she could tell, even through his clothes, were hard defined muscles. She could see herself enjoying the feel of that smooth dark skin all through the night. He had shoulder length hair that fell in front of his eyes way too appealingly. Oh god and what she could do with that flowing hair. He reminded her of an eighteenth century warrior, which got her to wondering how old he really was. She was broken out of her trance by Kenneth asking a question. She jerked up and her vision cleared. “I'm sorry.” She said a little embarrassed. “What was it that you said?”
“What did you want with me?” He asked again wondering where her mind was at just then.
She shook her head to clear the fog that suddenly surrounded her brain. This man was dangerous. She needed to get back to business. She straightened up as if to use her full height. He thought it amusing and was interested to hear what she had to say if it took that much preparation to say it.
Okay. She thought. Here goes. “I'd appreciate it if you would stop eating my citizens.” She blurted out, ashamed that her voice shook a little. He stared at her with his mouth open for several seconds and then burst out laughing. Ailis was angry now. “I don't see anything funny.” She snorted.
Between laughs and trying to catch his breath, Kenneth blurted out. “I don't eat them.”
“You know what I mean.” She retorted.
He sobered up and looked down at her. His giant size loomed over her, but in the most delicious way. “Stop that.” She chided herself.
“Who are you to tell me what to do?” He asked seriously.
She breathed a large sigh and tried to figure out what she thought she could accomplish by coming here. He was a vampire for crying out loud. She didn't know why, but she suddenly felt her grandmother's presence and she jerked her head around to look behind her. She saw nothing but still felt her and was comforted by the feeling.
Evidently, Kenneth felt it as well because he tensed up for a few seconds before leaning close to her face and whispering ever so menacingly “She can't help you. You know that, don't you?” The heat from his body enveloped her and she chastised herself for enjoying it.
Kenneth knew the presence when he felt it. It was Carmelita, she was calming her granddaughter. “What did she want? Where is she?” He reached down and grabbed Ailis' arms in a tight grip.
“You're hurting me.” She shot back.
“I know you felt her too, I saw your face.” He growled.
“Let go!” Ailis nearly screamed.
He obeyed although he had no idea why. He didn't answer to anyone. “Where is she?” He asked again.
Ailis was confused. He couldn't be talking about her grandmother. “Who are you talking about?” She asked.
“You know very well who I am talking about” He snapped. “Carmelita, were is she?”
Now she was very confused. “My grandmother, what are you talking about?” She asked irritated.
“Yes your grandmother! I felt her here. Where is she Damn it!”
Ailis was starting to get frightened so she backed away from Kenneth. “My grandmother is dead. She died six months ago.” She told him lowly. She saw flames in Kenneth's eyes and turned to run as fast as she could. 
Kenneth was amazed. She ran so fast. Not as fast as he did but definitely three times as fast as a human. With little effort he caught up to her, nearing her car in an alley and grabbed hold of her arms. “Stop running,” He yelled at her.
She looked up at him and her eyes flashed a light glow of red behind her pupils. “Let go.” She said in a low voice.
He let go then and stared at her aghast at what he had just witnessed. “What the hell are you?” He asked.
The flash had disappeared and she was back to normal.
“Let me go.” She stated.
“No. I won't.” Kenneth was not about to let her go, not after what he'd just witnessed. “Now answer my question. How could you possibly not know? You can't go into your twenties and never have realized.” Kenneth asked.
“What a stupid question that is, I am human of course.” Ailis answered angrily.
“Yes I can see that part of you but the other part is definitely not human.” He didn't want to frighten her by saying what he suspected the other part to be.
“You are being ridiculous.” She stated and turned to leave. This guy was crazy. Kenneth held her arm to stop her.
“Have you ever craved blood?” He asked directly. She scolded him with her look.
“Of course not! I am leaving now. You are insane! I could have worked with the fact that you are a vampire and with the fact that you kill people. At least, as long as I kept finding that they were the most despicable scum of the universe but I absolutely cannot forgive the fact that you are totally insane.” She said leaning in to throw her over shirt in the front seat.
***
Kenneth was furious that this little slip of a woman dared to talk to him like that. He decided to prove it to her. No matter how much it frightened her. Right now he didn't give a damn. He reached his wrist to his mouth and ripped a hole in it. Blood automatically started to pour out. In his anger Kenneth tore the hole too big and felt the life force draining from him too fast.
***
Ailis knew that he'd made a mistake also and lurched forward to grab his wrist. Covering it with her hand while desperately reaching inside her car for the over shirt she had thrown into the front seat. She removed her hand and wrapped the shirt around tightly to cut off the flow of blood. She was in the middle of chastising him for being so completely stupid, when the sensation hit her. She had only felt this a few times before and never this strong. The last time she felt it, she was examining a particularly gruesome crime scene. A man came home and found his wife in bed with the lesbian woman from next door, lost his mind and cut them both to pieces before going back to work the next day as if nothing had happened. That scene was horrible. There were shredded pieces of women everywhere. Blood soaked the ceiling of the little townhouse and ran in eerie patterns down the walls.
When she’d first seen the mess, she'd remembered thinking she was amazed that a mere human had done this. She'd have guessed a demon had done it. Not that she knew of any. She didn't know if demons where real but you never knew. She'd been at the scene less than a minute when the sensation first hit her. She looked at the blood running down the dirty dingy white walls of the townhouse and had the word “Yummy” suddenly fly through her thoughts at warp speed. She remembered being horrified and attempting to ignore it. The feeling threatened to overtake her two more times in the twenty minutes it took her to look over the scene for any obvious clues and get the hell out of there. She'd not felt it again before now. She felt it first in her stomach and then in her mouth. It was suddenly watering uncontrollably and the small incisors on either side began to lengthen. That had never happened before. She pressed her lips closed to hide the evidence.
What the hell was happening? Her head began to swim and she jumped into the car and grabbed the wet naps from the front seat and began scrubbing the blood off of her hands. Shit, this was not happening. She just could not face this right now. When she got the urge under control she looked up at Kenneth who looked rather pale. She jumped out of the car and helped him to stand.
“I'm fine” He chuckled, Just a little weak. I need to feed.”
Ailis let out a large sigh and looked up at him. “Please don't kill anyone.” She begged quietly.
That angered Kenneth far more than her denying what she was. He looked down at her darkly, “Don't presume that you can tell me what to do.” He said quietly and seemingly with no emotion at all. Then he was gone.
Ailis slammed her car door and huffed as she sat down. She tapped her hands against the steering wheel as she tried to calm herself. “Forget this shit.” She huffed out loud as she started the car and headed for home. It was only nine thirty. Super early and she needed a drink. Hell, she'd  needed one for over a month now.
Forty Five minutes later, Ailis was dressed in her typical skin tight black pants and tank top. Only now, instead of the combat boots she wore knee high black suede boots with six inch spike heels. She may have been a bad ass homicide detective but she was twenty two and it'd been months since she'd been out. She was craving a good time something fierce. Maybe, I'll take home a biker or something. She thought to herself, hating that Kenneth's face came unbidden to the front of her thoughts. Now, Ailis was not promiscuous or anything but even she agreed that from time to time you just needed to blow off a little steam. And sometimes that required a man.
She very rarely did this but when she did, Ailis was very picky. They basically had to be perfect. She would have definitely taken Kenneth home had she met him in the club. Shut up! She scolded herself for the completely unprofessional thought. She shook her head in disgust as she straddled her nineteen sixty five Harley Davidson, put on her helmet and flipped the visor down. First a drink, then a man, she thought as she took off toward Kraze. She blazed into the employee parking lot behind the club and cut the engine. She took off her helmet and climbed off the bike heading for the back door. It was opened before she got there and Tito, the biggest most steroid infused gorgeous Cuban Ailis had ever met stood there grinning at her. “Hey Tito” She greeted him with a smile.
“Ailis; my pet. It’s been ages.” He greeted happily as he wrapped her in a bear hug. Ailis laughed and hugged him back. Tito had been like a big brother to her since she'd come to Miami, probably because he was Maya's older brother.
“Sorry Tito.” Ailis apologized. “This murder case has kept me busy.”
“Yeah, I've heard about it.” He answered questions evident in his tone as well as his expression.
“Yes. It's a vampire.” She answered his unspoken question.
“Mierda!” Tito cursed, dragging his hand through his hair in an act of frustration. “That's all we need is some rouge running around slaughtering people bringing us unwanted attention.” He went on sounding worried. “Do you know who?” He asked her.
“Yes.” Ailis answered truthfully. “But you know I can't tell you who. It's an open police investigation.” She went on. “I can tell you he's not local.” She finished.
“Police Investigation” Tito responded, disbelief evident in his tone. “What can the police do?” He asked. “Nothing, that's what. They don't even know what's doing this!” He finished answering his own question.
“I know that.” Ailis answered. “I have no idea what to do.”
“This should be handled by us.” Tito told her matter of fact like.
“It's complicated Tito.” She told him and he raised an eyebrow at her. “He's only killed rapists, murderers and child molesters.” She went on. “I think in some delusional way, he thinks he's helping.” She finished.
“I can't say I don't agree with what he's doing. Less garbage in the streets as far as I'm concerned but there is better way.” He answered. “Attempt to hide the bodies for instance.” He finished sarcastically.
Ailis laughed out loud. “You'd think that was a given.” She answered. Tito laughed at their shared mockery.
“Alright, In with ya.” He told her. “Maya’s working the bar for another hour, so go stow those two big ass cannons of yours and go have a good time.” He finished.
“Not the twins!” Ailis protested playfully poking out her bottom lip. “Awe, come on Tito, you know I feel safer with 'em.” She play pouted.
He laughed at her. “You know you get into trouble with those things. I don't need you blowing off someone’s head just ‘cause the poor drunk idiot decided to grab your fabulous ass. Now stop playing and stow those guns. Maya's been complaining about never seeing ya.” He told her in a firm big brother tone.
Ailis shook her head and chuckled to herself as she walked up the dark back hallway past the payphones and the restrooms that she'd never dare use for fear of what she might catch. Tito and Maya did the best they could to keep things from getting out of hand but people did what they were going to do in the restrooms. It's not like that they could video them or anything. When she stepped out of the hallway into the main part of the club, she was facing the main dance stage. It was about sixty feet by sixty feet and currently had about three hundred or so people dancing their asses off under the black lights to a very techno rave song.
Ailis liked all kinds of music in moderation. She could easily get lost in Beethoven just as well as she had no problem being in the middle of a giant mosh pit. There were tall tables surrounding the dance floor and all the walls were black with day glow paint splatters all over them. Everything glowed in the black light. Peoples’ clothes, their teeth and even their eyes giving the place and it’s inhabitants an eerie netherworld feel that Ailis absolutely loved. She heard her name called and turned to her left to find Maya jumping up and down waving from behind the massive bar, her day glow yellow tank blazing under the many black lights. She walked over and Maya hugged her over the bar top. “Good God girl, what's it been like three months? What, are they doing, slaving you out down at homicide?” She asked jokingly
“I landed the bloodless murder case.” Ailis explained.
Maya's eyes grew large. “Anybody we know?” She asked her fear evident on her face.
Ailis reached out and placed her hand over Maya's. “Don't worry. He's not going after vampires, just human scum.” She tried to soothe her friend. “It's a cop nightmare. Not a vampire headache.” She finished.
Maya looked relieved for a moment before her features softened. “I'm sorry Ailis, you are the one who has to figure out how to solve this and still keep it under wraps.” Her friend told her. “I know what you need.” Maya said holding up one finger, indicating that Ailis should wait right there. She came back and placed a large tumbler of honey dark liquid on the bar top in front of her. “Bourbon, Straight up.” Maya stated with a satisfied smile.
“Thank God.” Ailis said as she brought the tumbler to her mouth and gulped the entire double shot. The liquid burned a delicious trail down her throat and settled in the pit of her stomach, warming her insides. Ailis closed her eyes and tilted her head back as she savored the feeling of oblivion coming on. She opened her eyes, reached to her waist to retrieve her gun belt that held her two twin Glock 9mm's. She never went anywhere without the twins. She handed the belt to Maya who stood holding it while Ailis took off her jacket. Maya stowed both items behind the bar and returned to Ailis.
“More.” Was all Ailis said and Maya handed her another double shot. She savored the feel of the liquid sliding down her throat. This was exactly what she needed; Great music and the ability to not give a fuck for a few hours. The last few years of Ailis' life had been hell and she was only asking for a few hours for God's sake.
Chapter 3
Kenneth sat at a table, hidden deep in the shadow's of the bar watching Ailis talk to the vampire bartender. He'd left her angry. She had no right telling him what to do. She had no power over him. But after he'd fed, (not killed, just fed), he was calmer and able to think more clearly. He'd realized maybe he'd overreacted a bit. He was over one hundred years old and his own master. He didn't take orders from anyone. He needed to play nice with her, no matter what. There was something strange going on here and he intended on finding out what. There was no way she would co operate if he continued pissing her off. If he hadn't blown it already, that is. He'd just gotten to her house when he'd seen her haul ass on her motorcycle. He'd followed her (flying of course) to a club not more that than five doors down from the scene of his last execution. She'd parked in the back and hopped off her Harley. Good God, what seeing her hauling ass down the road on that beast had done to him. This woman was nothing like Carmelita. She was tough as nails and could probably kick a few asses but she was also funny and sensitive at the same time. He'd prayed she wasn't too pissed at him.
She'd hugged the vampire at the back door whose name, Kenneth learned, was Tito. His first instinct was to rush over and rip out the vampires’ heart. He was glad he didn't as he could tell pretty quickly that they were friends and nothing more. His interest was peaked when they started talking about him. The urge to kill the vampire came over him again when he heard him tell Ailis that the vampires would take care of Kenneth. He nearly rushed the Cuban until he heard Ailis stick up for him and tell Tito that he only killed scum. Kenneth's heart made a strange little lurch in his chest and he almost thought it might start beating. It quickly ceased and hardened when she stated that he was delusional for thinking that he was helping. He was helping for God’s sake! He'd taken a serial murderer that no-one had been able to catch for three years out of this world. He deserved a medal dammit!
What did he care what she thought? Stupid Vampire Witch, whatever she was. He was Kenneth Alejandro Nunez. He did whatever he wanted, however he wanted dammit! His conviction wavered when he heard the bouncer express worry about Kenneth bringing unwanted attention to the local vampires, as well as the comment about at least attempting to hide the body.
He'd not thought about the risk to any of the locals if their species were to be found out. He'd left the bodies to be found on purpose. Maybe he'd been going about this wrong. When Ailis and the bouncer laughed as if they were mocking him, Kenneth nearly came unglued. How dare this meaningless nothing jest at his expense! He'd had to stop and calm himself. She'd never trust him enough so he could find out what the hell happened to Carmelita and if she was dead or not. And if she was, why had he felt her earlier. He knew, even though Ailis denied it, she'd felt her grandmother's presence as well. He had to get her to talk, he thought as he listened to her assure the vampire bartender that he wasn't after vamps. He felt another pang of guilt at realizing he'd never once taken into account, the repercussions his actions might cause these innocent vampires to suffer. He felt even worse when he heard Maya express sorrow that Ailis was stuck with arresting a suspect for this. The humans want a murderer caught. Ailis had to figure out how to explain this without exposing the vampire race. He saw her chug a double shot like a pro and lean her head back in an effort to relax. Her neck was exposed at the most delicious angle. His fangs sprang free at the same time his partner decided it was time for him to have some fun. He was immediately ashamed of himself. Well, almost ashamed anyway. Here he was finding out that his every action was making her life hell and all he could do was lust after the poor woman. What the hell was wrong with him? He asked, not expecting an answer.
She stood up and unbuckled a gun belt at her waist before handing it to Maya. It carried two very large Glock 9mm's. Kenneth's fangs descended once more and his partner grew even larger. Those where some big damn guns she was carrying. So far tonight, he'd discovered that she wasn't human. ( Well not entirely anyway. He just couldn't figure out why he couldn't sense what species she was. ) She maneuvered her massive Harley with ease and looked sexy as hell on it and she packed more heat than Rambo. This woman was an enigma. Was the tough Girl all an act or could she back it all up? Kenneth had always been drawn to tough girls. He liked being able to protect a woman but at the same time, he wanted his woman to be able to handle herself so he didn't turn into a paranoid schizophrenic all the freaking time. He tended to worry a lot since Carmelita's death. Partly the reason he'd stuck to one night stands all these years. He was on a mission and didn't have time to worry about a woman. In this case, his woman could probably take care of herself. His Woman? What the hell was he thinking? She would never be his woman. He needed her for information and that was it. If what he was thinking was right, he'd spent the last hundred years avenging a death that didn't need avenging. He just needed Ailis for whatever information she could give him and possibly whatever pleasure she would allow him to take from her. He wanted or needed nothing else from this confounded woman, Right? When she peeled off her leather jacket, revealing long perfectly toned arms and her perfect pair of breasts that threatened to burst through the tiny day glow pink tank top she was wearing, Kenneth forgot he didn't need air to live and began heaving rapidly for breath.
Ailis turned around as she heard her name being called from behind and spotted Michael approaching her. She waved happily. Michael was gayer than a two dollar bill and she loved him to death.
“Ailis! Girl, don't you look tasty.” He exclaimed in his normal flamboyant way. “Girl, you are fierce. Rawrr.” He mock growled.
Ailis laughed out loud. “God I missed you Michael.” She told him as she hugged him tightly. Suddenly, the club went silent and the strobe lights came on. People started filling on to the dance floor. Ailis' blood pressure started to rise as the beginning beats of 2 Live Crew's Me So Horny came booming through the speakers.
“Oh Girl. That's my jam!” Michael said turning to her with a devilish grin. “How about we go show these babies how it's done girl?” He told her extending his hand to her.
“Why the hell not.” Ailis answered as she grabbed her tumbler and downed the remainder of her fourth double shot of bourbon before slamming the glass down on the bar. “You coming?” She asked Maya as April had just come to take over for Maya.
Maya gulped her own Bourbon before walking around the bar to take Ailis' hand. “Absolutely, let’s have some freaking fun.” She answered happily.
Ailis turned back to Michael and took his offered hand. “Lead the way toots.” She laughed at him. Ailis couldn't help moving along to the music as they headed on to the fog filled dance floor. There were people everywhere moving to the music as if they were the only ones who existed here. Ailis loved the low bass of this particular song. It added to the already eerie glowing eyes and smiles of the dancers which seemed to add an air of urgency to the dance. The three of them allowed the music to guide them. Ailis had always loved music. When she danced, it almost felt as if she were drawing power and energy from those around her. She'd always danced. Even now, not being able to come out for so long, she'd put on her headphones and dance around the house like she was in a club for an hour or more everyday. She couldn't live without the music.
Micheal's boyfriend, Shawn, arrived and before they knew it, the two were dancing off by themselves making the rounds. Ailis couldn't have cared less. She was entranced by the music empowering her. Another young vampire joined them and they danced with him a bit.
Kenneth was about to lose all self control. He was fine when Ailis and Maya were dancing with the homosexuals but this new young vampire was a totally different story. He was enjoying Ailis' body pressing against his way too much. He was nearly losing his mind already. What with her body moving to the beat and her perfect breasts being thrust out occasionally as she simultaneously rolled her hips, Kenneth felt as if he would catch fire at any moment. Her waist length mane of hair glowed in the black lights looking like living blue flames falling around her face and down her back as she moved to the very sexually charged music. Her bright pink tank, pants and even her boots looked to be molded to her body. A body that looked like it was made solely to please her man. Him. Kenneth shook his head. He wasn't her man. He wouldn't be for long anyway. He'd have that, whatever she was before this was all over with, but that was as far as it went. He wanted information and sex. That was it.
When the bass dropped low as well as her hips and she brought them up with the beat to thrust into the Baby Vamps, Kenneth was next to the dance floor before he'd even noticed he'd moved. He barely managed to restrain himself from jumping into the middle of the fog filled mob of people and ripping the newbie vamp’s head off. Thank God he was currently invisible and no one saw him suddenly appear next to the dance floor. He really was getting careless, he thought to himself harshly. Get a hold of yourself, Information and ass, that’s it.
Ailis' face turned his way as the Baby Vamp spun her around and Kenneth thought he saw a flash of recognition in her eyes, but the next time her face came into view it was normal. He must have imagined it. She turned her body around in the vamps arms and put her arms around his shoulders.
Before Kenneth knew what happened, Ailis and the Baby Vamp were kissing passionately. He nearly forgot where he was as the urge to kill overtook him for the third time tonight. “Mine!” flew through his thoughts Unbidden before he got hold of himself. What the hell was wrong with him? Kenneth thought frustrated. He'd been alive for over one hundred years and he'd never felt this depth of raw possession of anything or anyone, let alone a woman. He wasn't even possessive of Carmelita and they were to be married. This didn't make since. He needed her for information but as far as anything else, he was starting to think he didn't need to go there. This; whatever she was Kenneth was seeing was dangerous as hell and he needed to stay away from her until he could control himself. With that thought, he forced himself to leave the club.
Ailis was having a great time. She was pleasantly, but not overly, drunk. She was dancing in front of Hottie Vamp while Maya was dancing in back and having a fabulous time. She looked up and for an instant, thought she saw Kenneth standing beside the dance floor with his arms folded across his chest looking pissed as hell but when she blinked, she didn't see him. Damn that man. She thought angrily to herself. She was supposed to be relaxing not conjuring up images of the very thing stressing her out. Ailis turned in Baby Vamp’s arms, looked up in to his eyes and smiled mischievously. She knew how to fix that, she thought to herself before kissing him long and hard. He kissed her back passionately as they continued their dance, never missing a beat and Maya still dancing behind. He was very enthusiastic and Ailis thought for a moment about taking him back to her place so that she and Maya could have their way with him. They'd done it with others a couple times before and it'd been fantastic. Maya was her best friend after all and Ailis wasn't a prude. She'd grown up in California for Christ’s sake. She had some steam to blow off and judging by the size of  the erection that pressed into her as Baby Vamp grabbed her ass and crushed her against him, he would assist in that area nicely. A vision of Kenneth's brandy colored eyes, dark smooth skin and luscious kissable lips awoke her libido. Her core came to life and she suddenly wanted to take a man, any man right there on the dance floor. When she popped her eyes open and saw Baby Vamp, the feeling fled immediately, leaving her insides feeling raw and iced over.
“Shit.” She hissed and stepped back.
“What.” Baby Vamp asked looking confused.
Ailis smiled her most nonchalant smile. “Nothing big boy, I just need a drink after that. Be back.” She told him patting his chest before looking at Maya. “You think you can keep him occupied till I get back?” She asked Maya with a grin.
Maya smirked at Baby Vamp and he winked at her. “I think I can handle that.” She responded slyly.
“Be right back.” Ailis told them smiling as she turned and headed for the bar. She veered to the left and walked down the dark back hallway, past the dirty disgusting restrooms and out the back door. Good, she thought to herself noticing Tito wasn't there. She needed some freaking air. She leaned her back against the wall, tilted her head up and breathed in deeply. This was so not happening. She couldn't even pick a sex god newbie vamp without thinking about Kenneth. What the hell? She thought huffing an exasperated breath. She kissed that vamp like it was her last day on earth and felt nothing until she’d thought of Kenneth. He was a murderer. She was a cop. There were laws for Christ’s sake. She knew enough Vampires to know that they didn't need to kill in order to feed. That made him a murderer. His lips came into her thoughts again. “Bastard.” She fumed out loud disgusted with herself.
“I hope you weren't talking to me.” A voice came from beside her and she popped her eyes open. Right next to her, leaning an arm on the wall like some high school jock talking to a cheerleader or something was a blond headed pretty boy vampire. Jesus, they sure are taking over around here. She thought to herself.
“Who the hell are you?” Ailis asked rudely. She did not have time for this shit.
The vampire leaned into her and sniffed her slowly. “I know what you are.” He told her seductively. “We are going to have so much fun together, you and I.” He purred.
Ailis suddenly felt like an animal being inspected for slaughter. Evidently, she was passing some sort of test she was pretty sure she had no desire to pass. She shoved at his chest and he stepped back allowing her the chance to get her back away from the wall. They were now standing facing each other, while their backs faced each end of the alley. At least now, Ailis could move a bit if need be. 
“What are you talking about psycho?” She asked defiantly.
“I'm not turning over this lusciousness. I'll keep you for myself.” He purred as he reached out and squeezed her left breast to the point of pain. It was a gut reaction, Ailis didn't even think about it. She pulled back and gave him a right hook to the left side of his face. The vamp stumbled back, his hand to his face. He righted himself and looked at her. His left cheek bone healed where she'd shattered it as she watched. “Damn. That actually hurt like hell.” He chuckled before his face turned serious. “You will pay for that Your Majesty.” He said menacingly. Before Ailis knew it, he was right in front of her. He pulled his right hand back and hit her in the sternum, causing her to fly backward through the air toward the back of the alley. She called the twins to her as she flew and they appeared in her hands just as her back slammed into the wall with a painful thud. As she slid down the wall to the ground, she unloaded both clips of silver bullets into the vampire. They caused him to jerk with each impact but that was it. When her butt hit the ground, she ignored the pain everywhere and jumped back up to face the vampire
***
Kenneth was about six blocks away when he felt an excruciating spike of pain shoot through him just as he heard two Glocks being unloaded. He appeared at the entrance to the alley just as Ailis was standing up and tossing the spent Glocks to the ground. The Vampire was standing with his back to Kenneth, several holes lacing his midsection from the bullets. He was brought up short by this sight. She sure knew how to use those cannons. Shit. There went his partner again.
The vampire laughed. “Stupid woman, those won't kill me.” He told her evilly.
“They may not kill you.” She started, angering Kenneth when he could detect no fear in her voice. She was crazy. She would be killed. This was a very old, very strong vampire. Should he risk her seeing him to help her? She would be pissed if she knew he followed her and he would never find out about Carmelita.
The vampire charged her, making up Kenneth's mind for him. He'd launched over, still invisible but not before Ailis had kicked out her right leg hitting the heel against a dumpster and swinging her leg around kicking the vampire right in his chest. Kenneth stopped short, amazed. Instead of flying backward like Kenneth expected the vamp to do, he just stayed upright as if in shock.
“They didn't stop you.” Ailis told the vamp. “But they sure as hell slowed your ass down long enough for me to kill you.” The vamp choked and turned to ash, falling to the ground at Ailis' feet. Ailis lowered her leg and Kenneth saw a small, thin wooden stake protruding from the heel of her boot that shot back in as she kicked the dumpster again.
The back door flew open and Maya jumped out in a hurry holding Ailis' Jacket and her empty gun belt. “Jesus Ailis. What the hell happened?” She asked, shocked at the scene.
“Asshole tried to attack me.” Ailis answered as she reached out and took her jacket and gun belt from Maya and put them on. She wrapped her hair up on the top of her head before walking over, picking up each gun, reloading them and then putting them away.
“Guess you don't feel like the Baby Vamp anymore.” Maya told her as Kenneth waited impatiently for the answer. Why the hell he cared was totally beyond his comprehension. Information, he firmly reminded himself.
“Na, I wasn't that into him.” She answered to Maya's astonished face. “Think you can handle him by yourself tonight?” She asked with a grin.
By herself? Kenneth thought. As opposed to what? He thought a second before he got their meaning and his partner shot back up. God dammit. He thought. Why couldn't he have missed that part of the conversation?
“No Problem.” Maya answered eagerly. “But you better call me in the morning.” She ordered Ailis wagging her finger at her like a mother hen.
“Will do.” Ailis answered hugging her before turning and walking to her bike. As Ailis got on her bike to leave, Kenneth turned to leave as well. He was shocked by all he'd just seen. Ailis had taken down a vampire all by herself. She hadn't even flinched. Maya hadn't even flinched at her best friend killing one of her own kind outside her club. Maya had acted like it was par for the course when it came to Ailis. She could never pull one over on him but his respect for her was growing all the same. He shook that thought off as he heard her Harley roar to life. His earlier thoughts were right. He needed to stay away from her for a while. Just until he could control himself
***
Ailis didn't realize how drunk she was until she was in her garage and climbing off her bike. She lost her balance causing her to stumble against her grandmother’s car. She giggled to herself at her drunken state. “Well. well,” She said out loud to the empty garage. “A police officer driving home drunk, from the bar at one am. If that's not hypocritical, I don't know what is.” She said rolling her eyes. “Oh well. At least I made it.” She continued to the garage. “I'll promise never to do it again later.” She joked as she wobbled into the kitchen door. Once in her room, she changed and crashed onto her bed on her stomach.
Kenneth came unbidden to the front of her mind. “God Damn it!” She screamed and growled into her pillow. She couldn't stop thinking about the asshole. He was arrogant, self serving and annoying as hell. She'd only seen him in person once but it was as if she'd known him forever. Some deep, hidden part of him called to some deep, hidden part of her. She knew she'd been feeling him for months. They were always feelings of loss, anguish, remorse and utter loneliness. Those were the feelings which called her here in the first place. When Ailis received word that her Grandmother died, she'd had no intention of coming back. Her mother told her that her grandmothers, stories weren't real. She told her they must never use their powers. She used the Salem witch trials as an example of what humans do to things they are afraid of or don't understand. She grew up believing her grandmother’s stories of King Arthur, Merlin, Witches and Vampires were the ravings of a woman driven insane by Alzheimer's disease. Ailis spent most of her life agreeing with her mother. Then Ailis caught a vampire murder case shortly after joining the force in California.
At first, she didn't know what was doing it. It took her nearly a month and fifteen bodies before she started thinking maybe her grandmother had been right all those years ago. That was when she'd started using her powers again. She knew if she was going to catch this thing, she was going to have to learn how to use them. That was also when she'd started feeling Kenneth. At first, she'd thought it was the murderer she was feeling. She couldn't understand how this thing was brutally murdering people and yet, she felt remorse and sadness in waves. Ailis had assumed the monster had a conscience. When she'd finally caught up to him, she'd learned she was wrong. Nearly dead wrong.
The creature was evil incarnate and thoroughly enjoyed torturing her for the better part of two days. Ailis always considered herself a tough chick but the things that evil prick did to her, nearly broke her. She nearly gave up fighting and just let him kill her. She resigned herself to her fate until she'd felt Kenneth's sorrow and anger again and realized the feeling was coming from closer now. She'd finally caught the vampire serial killer off guard and bested him. Barely but she'd killed the bastard. Her first in a long line so far and Ailis wasn't sure it was going to slow down anytime soon. Ailis explained away the murderer being reduced to ashes to the others down at PD by telling them she threw gasoline on him and set him on fire. They believed her and she spent the next two weeks in the hospital recovering from her injuries. Promising she would never let her guard down again and allow herself to be surprised.
Yet, that's just what she'd done tonight. She'd been so distracted with how Kenneth was frustrating her, she'd allowed the vamp to sneak up on her and she'd had to kill him. She hated killing. No, that wasn't true. Ailis thought morbidly. She'd loved killing that bastard, just as she'd reveled in watching the last bit of life drain from the prick that had tortured her. She still wasn't sure how the hell she'd killed that one. She'd been so pissed off, she'd gone blank and when she woke, he'd had a shocked expression on his face before he'd said “I know what you are now.” and crumbled to ash at her feet. This reminded her of the vamp earlier, saying those exact words. “What was she?” she wondered, remembering Kenneth asking her the same thing earlier. She was really pissed at his arrogant ass. How dare he pull that stunt earlier? What the hell was he trying to prove by ripping his wrist open in front of her? What did he hope to accomplish? Was he trying to prove to her that she was as much of a monster as he obviously was? He was a murderer, she reminded herself. There is no figuring out why they do things. They just do them. She felt a little pang of guilt at the thought. He was technically a murderer but she didn't feel that way. The people he killed deserved to be killed. Her problem was, she wasn't sure how different from him she was.
Both times she'd been forced to take a life, she'd felt powerful, satisfied and vindicated in taking those lives. The first time, it was like another force took over and did the deed for her but tonight had been all her and she'd not felt one pang of remorse for the evil she'd snuffed out and that scared her to death. Was that how Kenneth felt when he killed? She wondered before slamming the door shut on that thought process. She'd only taken life when forced to protect her self. She'd have to figure out some way to stop Kenneth but other than that, she was nothing like him and wanted nothing to do with him. She thought as she finally drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 4
When she awoke the next afternoon Ailis felt worse than ever. She got dressed and went to work. It was a slow night. No more murders and she was relieved. That meant even though Kenneth was a jerk about it, he had listened to her. It didn't matter though. She still didn't want to speak to or see him. He was a pompous jerk. Enough was enough. Ailis was about ready to call this awful city quits and head home. She didn’t even really know why the hell she was here in the first place. She should have just put her grandmother's house up for sale and split but those damn feelings kept calling to her. They kept her here as if she were a prisoner. Ailis poured herself into her job. She worked extra hours into the daylight and did whatever she could to keep her mind on other things. She was returning home three nights later and still didn't feel any better. Thank God she had not seen or heard from Kenneth.
She thought about him a great deal and hated herself for it. He was a vampire for Gods sake! She knew it was better this way, but she couldn't get him out of her mind. He seemed to consume her every thought. Waking or asleep. It was as if meeting him had awoken some hidden piece of her soul that refused to now be ignored. She had to get out of here now. Before she could not resist this, whatever it was any longer. She was thinking about how long it would take for a transfer to go through when she stepped onto her porch and Kenneth appeared out of nowhere. She was in no mood for a confrontation with him. She could not see him. She was having enough trouble keeping herself from running to him in her sleep or something as it was. She looked up at him and knew right away that no matter how much she fought, he would never leave her alone. She sighed in resignation.
“What are you doing here?” She asked wearily.
“I was looking for you” He stated.
“That's obvious Just go away.” Ailis answered with bitterness in her voice.
He looked hurt for a moment but quickly wiped his expression clear again. “I don't want to go away. We need to talk about the other night.” He responded.
“I'd rather not.” She said as she brushed past him and opened the door. She turned to glare at him and realized that he still stood outside the door. Then it dawned on her he couldn't come in until invited. She looked up at him and snorted. “I wouldn't count on it. This is the only place you can't go where I would be left in peace. Now go away!” She closed the statement by slamming the door in his face.
***
Kenneth could not figure this woman out. He knew her thoughts traveled to him as much as his did to her. Why was she being like this? They had a mystery to figure out. One that he was pretty sure was completely about his former fiancee, Ailis' grandmother. He walked over to the porch swing, sat down patiently and waited, knowing that she would have to let him in eventually.
“Hello…” He called seductively. No answer. “Ailis…. I won't give up. We need each other and you know it as well as I do.”
Kenneth had tried to stay away. Oh God, How he'd tried. For the last three days, he'd been in hell. He felt her when she thought of him. He felt her fighting it even now. He was consumed with thoughts of her and it was driving him crazy. He felt her every feeling and the ones that hurt him the most, were the feelings of hatred and contempt he could feel coming from her. He deserved them all and he knew it but that didn't make it hurt any less. The fact that he was feeling hurt both angered and surprised him. It'd been over one hundred years since he'd given a shit what anyone thought about him. Why now? Why her? His life was falling apart and he blamed her. He'd just have to get what he needed and get back home and away from this siren who, Kenneth was sure, would be the death of him.
***
Ailis could hear his voice inside her head, dark, deep and sultry, full of hope and promise, it was so warm and inviting, with a hint of laughter. She hated that he could get to her so easily.
“Go away.” She threw back at him.
“Ailis…. I really need to talk to you. Please let me in.” Now his voice sounded so lost and alone. It tugged at her, pulling and shredding her emotions. She quickly finished her shower, threw on a pair of pajama pants and a white tank top. He was still trying to convince her to let him in when she padded back downstairs and flung the door open.
Kenneth was shocked into silence as soon as the door opened. All he could do was stand there like an idiot and stare down at her. She was like a breath of fresh air on a hot stuffy Miami day. Her long flowing fiery hair was wet, combed straight and fell down her back to rest just above the rounding of her behind. All she wore was a pair of loose fitting night pants and a tank top. It was like staring into the door of heaven.
She eyed him angrily. “You aren't going to let me sleep are you? You shouldn't use your powers to mess with peoples emotions.” She accused sounding angry.
“Not a bit.” He teased and then winked at her. “I wasn't using my powers, I can't help what I feel for you, it is just there. That is one of the things we must figure out.” He answered. Truthfully. He had no idea why he felt the way he did but he sure as hell wanted to figure it out so he could get rid of it and get back home.
“What if I just leave you out here?” She asked, “You'll have to leave before the dawn anyway.”
“I'd just come back tonight.” He stated calmly. “We really need to talk.”
“Fine.” She said as she turned to go back to the kitchen. “You can come in.” She spoke over her shoulder. “But if you try anything I'll retract my invitation.”
“It wouldn't help.” He stated. “You've already invited me in.”
She looked over at him and shook her head. “Don't make the mistake in thinking that I need your stupid little rules to keep you out of my house.” Her eyes flashed as she said that and he went instantly hard. His brain stopped working all together as he remembered the number she'd done to the vampire at the club the other night. He'd felt like an idiot for not being able to get to her in time but got thoroughly turned on upon remembering how she'd staked that vampire without so much as a flinch. You really are a sick puppy. Kenneth thought to himself. “Don't waste time. Now; what do you want to talk about.” Ailis asked.
It took him a minute and a mental head shake to get his thoughts back together. Damn the woman and whatever power she seemed to hold over him. That had to be it. She was some kind of Witch and she put a spell or something on him. That had to be it.
“I want to ask you about your grandmother. Where did she hail from?” Kenneth asked when he could form the question.
She raised an eyebrow at him. “Hail? You are old aren't you? ” She smirked.
“One-Hundred and twenty-six years to be exact.” He responded.
“Wow! And to think,” She teased. “You don't look a day over twenty-five.”
“I was twenty-six when I was brought over. Now you are changing the subject. Where was your grandmother from?” He asked again.
“I don't know.” She answered truthfully. “She would never tell me. All I know is that she was from Madrid but I don't know what village.”
“Okay.” He said a little frustrated. “She never talked about her life in Spain?”
“Not really, she would come over and we would practice. She never liked to talk about her life before she came here with my grandfather.” Ailis finished with a sigh.
Kenneth tried to think of what he was asking but it was too difficult as she just looked too good in those clothes. “Now you said that you practiced right? What did you practice?” He asked her.
Ailis looked skeptical like she wasn't sure that she could trust him. Finally she sighed and answered. “We studied to improve my powers.”
Kenneth was so confused. How could this happen? Carmelita was never anything but human so how did Ailis have powers? Where did they come from? “What powers exactly do you have Ailis?”
“Now why would I tell you that?” She asked annoyed.
Kenneth was angry now and it showed. “What do you think?” He asked accusingly “I would use the knowledge against you?” He finished sounding angry, knowing he might but not telling her that.
“Well let's see.” She retorted “You live off of the blood of human beings and slaughter most of them. Why should I trust anything that you say?” She finished asking him.
For an instant he looked almost hurt. “I realize that you have no reason to trust me and I know what I am. I have never regretted my decision to join the ranks of my brothers until now.” He said sounding deflated, surprised he really meant it. It was time for Kenneth to face facts. Weather he wanted to admit it or not, her opinion of him mattered.
***
His words hurt her more that she cared to admit. She could not, No! She would not gain any feelings for this creature of the night. “We worked on my ability to read others minds and speak to them as well.”
“Is that it?” He asked.
“Well no, not exactly.” She said looking at the floor as if she was embarrassed.
“Ailis if we are going to figure this out I need you to trust me.” Kenneth answered on a sigh.
Ailis heaved a sigh and made her self invisible. Kenneth's mouth dropped to the floor. “Okay….How long have you known that you can do that?” He asked amazed.
Ailis looked embarrassed enough to cry when she shimmered back into view. It broke Kenneth's heart and he couldn't figure out why. She answered without looking at him. “I trained from the age of three until I was thirteen.”
Kenneth was confused. “Why did you stop?”
“My mother didn't approve so when she found out she moved us to California to live and I never saw my grandmother again. We talked from time to time but after a while I realized that what my mother said was true and if I ever let anyone find out I would be locked away and treated like a freak.” Ailis said all matter of fact like.
Kenneth couldn't believe that she was feeling sorry for herself. He walked over to her, took her hands and looked down into her eyes as he spoke to her. “Ailis listen to me. These powers that you have are not something to be ashamed of.” He told her. “Think about it Ailis, you have the powers of the vampire but none of the side effects. You can still see the sun.” He said trying to get through to her.
Ailis suddenly knew what it was like to be Kenneth. He had all this power and time as he never aged and he couldn't even do something as simple as swim in the sunlight. “I guess you are right,” She responded. “You know, my grandmother would have liked you. She was engaged in Spain once you know. You remind me of him.”
Kenneth nearly choked. “I thought that your grandmother didn't talk about her homeland.” He asked.
“She didn't.” Ailis answered. “She spoke only of the man she was going to marry.”
“Why didn't she marry?” Kenneth asked already knowing the answer.
“I don't know exactly.” Ailis answered truthfully. “Like I said, she was secretive. All she said was that she left because he had done something very dreadful. Once she said that he was as good as dead to her.”
Ailis might as well have punched him in the gut, because that's just how he felt. Ailis could see the effect of her words on his face but couldn't figure out what it meant. He looked so sad that she had to reach out to him. She extended her arm and touched his cheek. He pulled away as if her touch offended him. She did a very good job of masking the hurt she felt at the rejection he'd shown her. “What's wrong?” She asked.
“Nothing.” He stated sounding agitated. She reached back up to stroke his cheek. This time he didn't flinch away. She was mesmerized when she looked up into his eyes. They looked to be black but when the light hit them, they looked like a pot of golden honey. They were as deep as the ocean and she felt like she would drown in them.
***
Kenneth was surprised that after a hundred years he could be so upset about something Carmelita said about him but the realization that she didn't die in the attack was agonizing. And why if she wasn't killed had she left him? Ailis could see that something was wrong with him. He could see what looked like pity in her eyes and when she reached for him he pulled away. He was a very powerful vampire there was no way that he was going to take pity from this woman. A woman that didn't even face what she was. When he jerked away, he could see a moment of hurt reflect in her eyes and then it was quickly gone. After a moment she reached up and stroked the side of his cheek, he felt shivers run straight through his body. It was like lightning. He looked down into her eyes. They were as green as the greenest grass on a midsummer’s day.
When he looked closer he did not see pity in her gaze but rather he saw true concern. He could do nothing but stand there and gaze down at her. He didn't know if it was Ailis or himself that leaned closer but before he knew it their lips were touching ever so slightly. He could almost feel the explosion of shared longing being transferred between them. Their kiss started out very tender and slow but as their heart rates quickened so did the pace of their kisses. Kenneth had never felt this way before. He could barely breathe. Suddenly the urge came over him. His fangs began to lengthen. He stepped back abruptly, which left Ailis feeling bereft and confused. “I must go.” He stated plainly and then he was gone.
Kenneth couldn't believe the emotions sweeping through him. She'd felt so right in his arms as they'd kissed feverishly. He stopped abruptly, remembering the hatred and contempt he'd felt from her earlier. She may be attracted to him but that's as far as her feelings went. He was darkness incarnate and Ailis was as bright as the morning sun. Hell, even the meaning of her name taunted Kenneth with the reminder that he could never have her. He hardened himself to her. He was not letting himself be destroyed by this woman and whatever magic she was weaving over him. “I have to go.” He stated plainly before leaving her standing with her mouth agape. Serves her right, he thought darkly.
Kenneth never looked for love in his sexual partners but there was no way he'd sleep with someone who hated him. He was angry, frustrated and weirdly depressed as he walked the dark streets of Miami looking his next victim. Maybe it's about time for a woman. He thought to himself. If he got rid of the sexual frustration plaguing him, maybe he'd be able to concentrate around her long enough to get some straight answers. That's exactly what I need, he thought to himself as he went off in search of the perfect tasty morsel.
Chapter 5
Ailis stood there for quite a long time trying to catch her breath. She was confused. What had she done wrong to make him leave so abruptly? She was surprised at how hurt she felt, and quickly decided that his leaving was probably for the best. How could she have let that happen? He was a vampire for Christ’s sake.
A small voice in the back of her mind quietly reminded her that she was not exactly human either. She chose to ignore that small voice and went to the attic where her study was. She sat at her desk looking out the only window facing the east. It was a wonderful place to sit and view the sunrise. She found herself feeling bad that Kenneth would never enjoy this sight with her. She sat back and glanced around the room, there was one window and no other light source in this room. A small private smile came to her as she thought of the most wonderful idea.
Before she could think better of it and change her mind, Ailis made a few calls and managed to get six good hours of sleep before she had to get up and get to work. It was a long boring night made worse by thoughts of the kiss she shared with Kenneth. Just the thought of it brought butterflies to her stomach. She was so confused. How could she be feeling anything for a murderer, let alone the strong feelings she was having now? When they kissed, her whole body and soul came to life in such a way, it had her wondering if she'd in fact been dead inside all of these years. She could feel her soul screaming out for him this very minute. She slammed back in her chair on a frustrated huff, looking heavenward as she spoke.
“I wish you were here grandmother. Then I would know what to do.” She said out loud and was very shocked, as she could have sworn she heard her grandmother chuckle and say. “You never listened to me before my child. Why should you start now?”
Ailis sat frozen at her desk and couldn't speak. Was she going crazy? She knew she'd felt her grandmother's presence a few times since she'd been here but in each case, she'd been very afraid and figured she'd felt her grandmother because she'd wanted to, because ,she needed to. Ailis reasoned with herself that maybe, just maybe along with witches and vampires, other supernatural beings existed as well. Maybe ghosts were real and some bonds just can't be broken. She told herself and answered. “I am so confused. I don't even know this man but I feel like I've known him forever. What do I do?”
“Listen to what's inside you child. What you seek lies behind your reflection.”
“What?” She said. But there was nothing but silence.
That woman Ailis said exasperated. Even in death all she does is talk in riddles.
Just as she was ready to leave for the night her radio went off advising that there was another body found and she was the closest. She was immediately alert and on her way. She was worried the whole way there. She knew that Kenneth was agitated when he left this morning but she didn't think he was that angry. She pulled up to the boardwalk and all but ran down to the pier. She approached at full speed but stopped dead in her tracks when she got close enough to see the body. It was horrible. The body was torn to shreds and was unrecognizable. Her heart began to beat ferociously and she felt like she was going to be sick. As she came closer, Collin saw that there was something wrong.
“Ailis” He said as he ran to her side and placed an arm over her shoulder to steady her. “You shouldn't be here, they shouldn't have called you. This is too bad for you to see.”
At his statement Ailis straightened up. No way was he treating her like a fragile little girl. “I'm okay.” She said to Collin as she shrugged out of his reach. “It just surprised me, that's all.”
“Alright.” Collin said looking a little hurt but quickly recovering. “Well this is the worst of all the others but we're pretty sure it's the same guy.” Ailis swallowed hard. That's what she was afraid of.
***
Kenneth felt it as soon as it happened. He knew something was terribly wrong. He just couldn't put his finger on what it was. Not until he felt Ailis. She was definitely upset about something. He couldn't tell what. He knew she wasn't in danger but her emotions where in turmoil. If he didn't know better he'd swear that she was out there crying her eyes out somewhere.
He tried to reach her through the communication line that had been established but he couldn't get through. She was completely closing herself off. He couldn't blame her after the way he behaved earlier. He listened for anything that he thought might upset her and he finally caught a conversation at the police station. “Worst I've ever seen.” One cop said to the other. “Yeah.” The other replied. “I heard that the head was nearly torn off, and it was right on the pier where anybody could have seen.” Kenneth knew why she was so upset now. Somebody killed someone and she thinks he did it.
He moved with supernatural speed. Once he got there he could see it in her face. She was stretched to the limit. She needed rest and now. It looked like she hadn't slept in days. She was examining the body. The look on her face gave off the fact that she was confused about something.
“What is it?” Collin asked as he was bending down to get closer to her. Kenneth glared at the man. He hated him already. He talked to Ailis as if he had a right to her. It also didn't help that Kenneth was starting to feel like maybe Collin was important to Ailis' life in some way, important to both of their lives. Where the hell he was getting that from, he didn't know and it only made him hate the man more.
Ailis heaved a sigh and stood back up to address Collin. “Well I don't see how this is the same person. One, this is a woman and our guy has never hunted women. Two, the body is still full of blood. This just looks like a senseless killing rather that a carefully calculated murder.”
That word killed Kenneth inside. She thought of him as a murderer. He didn't know why that hurt him so much. Who cares what she thinks. But he cared and that scared the hell out of him.
Collin looked skeptical but then conceded. “Well.” He said. “That's why you’re the best. But we'll wait and see.”
Ailis excused herself and headed for her grandmother's car. Kenneth noticed she always took the car to work instead of her bike. He liked the bike better, he'd decided. Kenneth felt like this was not the best time to approach her. He decided he would wait a few days and let her get some rest. He had a feeling that he had a lot to do with her current state of unrest. He was going crazy he thought. When she wasn't there he was always wondering what she was doing. Maybe he needed a break from her as well. He needed to get his head on straight. After the failed feeding, he knew he was in big trouble. He'd found an acceptable woman. One that was very pretty and very eager to please him. He'd tried to feel passion for her but kept picturing Ailis. In the end, he'd fed, wiped her memory and went home, just as frustrated as he'd been when he'd left Ailis.
He followed her to her house. There was no harm in making sure she got home all right. She pulled up to the house and headed to the front door. Kenneth kept seeing the dead woman at the pier. He knew it had upset Ailis but he was also unnerved. The way that she was killed, it reminded him all to well of the scene that he came upon back in Madrid all those years ago. The bodies where shredded and unrecognizable. He'd felt a presence lately and could not tell what it was. Kenneth had a feeling, he knew who was doing this and it made him very uneasy. He'd planned on facing his maker for the last one hundred years but Kenneth had planned to do it on his terms, when he was prepared. Kenneth had a very bad feeling about his maker being here in Miami. What was he doing here? Kenneth asked himself again. One more mystery to solve.
Ailis was unlocking the door and Kenneth was turning to leave when she suddenly started to fall to the floor. Faster that than one could blink; he was on the porch and she was landing in his arms. He was half kneeling with her on his lap. She looked up at him and he saw apprehension in her eyes before she passed out. That hurt more than he would care to admit. He picked her up and carried her into the house and up to her bedroom. After she was tucked in he made sure that the house was locked up and he was gone.
***
Ailis awoke with someone banging on her door. She didn't even remember getting into bed. She ran down stairs and opened the door to a very agitated Collin.
“Where have you been?” He nearly shouted.
“What do you mean?” Ailis answered. “I came home and went to bed.” She replied sleepily.
He stared at her like she was a stranger. “Ailis,” Collin stated. “That was two days ago.”
She stood staring. “What are you talking about?”
Collin heaved a sigh. “Ailis, what day was it that we found the last body?”
“That's a stupid question.” She responded. “That was Monday.”
Collin turned around and picked up the paper from the porch and showed it to her. “Today is Wednesday.” He stated.
Ailis stared at the paper numbly for a few minutes and then started laughing.
Collin thought she had lost it. “Are you all right Ailis? I don't see what is so funny.”
“I'm sorry.” Ailis said. “I just remembered that when I got home I was thinking I was so tired  I could sleep for two days. Well, I guess I really was that tired.” She finished with a chuckle.
Collin chuckled a little and then pulled Ailis into his embrace. She hugged him back stiffly at first but then relaxed. Collin had always been there for her and in his own way she supposed that he loved her. She just wasn't sure how she felt about him. From the first moment she'd met Collin, She'd liked him. She felt as if he were somehow important to her. Like she was supposed to help him or protect him. It was a weird feeling. Ailis felt as if she was somehow vitally important to him as well. She'd accepted when he'd asked and they’d gone out on a date. Ailis had felt nothing for him but fondness and had never attempted a date since. Neither had he.
“I'm sorry that you were worried Collin.” Ailis said against his chest.
“Worried?” He said. “You scared the hell out of me. You didn't even answer your phone.” Collin held her face between his hands and tilted her face to his. He stared into her eyes. “I don't know what I’d do if anything were to happen to you.” He stated. Then his lips were on hers.
Ailis didn't know what to do. In the next moment, she felt a swell of rage that she knew could only come from one place. Ailis backed up breaking the contact.
Collin looked confused. “Ailis.” He started sounding hurt. But she stopped him.
“Look, Collin this is not the best time. You have just succeeded in completely confusing me and I just need some time right now.” Collin looked hurt for minute and then he backed out the door and turned to leave. He stopped midway and turned back to her.
“You know I love you Ailis. I would be good to you. You know that don't you?” He asked.
Ailis could only nod her head.
“Good.” He said with a smile. “Take your time.” And then he left. Ailis could not even think. What had just happened? She knew Collin had feelings for her but she'd never led him on. She didn't want to hurt him but she just didn't think of him like that. And Kenneth, She was so furious with him that she could barely contain herself. “Where are you? You had no right to interfere with my life.” She mentally yelled at him. Kenneth did not answer. “Fine then, ignore me. Don't ever come near me again.” She raved.
It was getting dark and this was her day off so she stomped back up stairs and went to bed. It wasn't long before she fell asleep. She was having strange dreams about fainting and Kenneth carrying her to bed.
She slept for a while and then he was there again. She barely woke and he asked her how she was. She remembered telling him that she was very tired. He chuckled telling her that if she didn't spend all of her time shutting him out of her head she wouldn't wear herself out. He was there smiling at her as he reached over to brush a strand of hair from her face. She was staring at his beautiful face when it changed. It became a horrible fanged monster with red eyes. The hand touching her face distorted, his nails grew long and sharp. When she looked at his face again the sensual smile had changed to a cruel one that promised a slow painful death. She felt him enter into her mind and she began to fight, Punching and kicking until she heard his firm command to wake up.
When she woke to look into his face again, the one she liked, the dream was still with her and she began to kick and scream. He was holding her trying to calm her down when she pulled all of her force into herself and let go.
There was a rush of energy and Kenneth flew backward and hit the wall with a grunt. It took several seconds for Ailis to realize what she'd done. She realized that in the lingering fear from the dream she had hurt him. Ailis thought of nothing else but Kenneth being hurt. Not the fact that he was technically a murderer. Not that fact that he was a self serving jerk. She only thought of the fact that once again, she'd hurt someone without even knowing she'd done it. This time however, she'd felt no satisfaction in doing it.
Ailis rushed over to Kenneth and was aghast when she saw blood pooling under him. “What did I do?” She exclaimed out loud as she struggled to turn him over. She gasped in horror when she realized that she had thrown him into the coat rack and it had broken in half. The bottom piece was protruding from his chest.
When she looked closer she was relieved to see that it had missed his heart. It was close enough to bring him down though. She had to think fast but had no idea what to do.
“Oh Abuela.” She pleaded out loud to her dead grandmother. (For some reason she was in the habit of talking to her when she was stressed or in trouble and it always seemed to help.) “What do I do?” She heard nothing. “I am begging you.” She pleaded out loud again, on the verge of hysteria. She couldn't believe this was happening again. She'd not tried to use her powers. She was scared and half asleep for Christ's sake. She hadn't even thought about using her powers. She was so scared at that moment; she might as well have been literally powerless. Like they forgot they existed. How the hell could her powers use themselves? Finally she heard her voice.
“Pull it out my child.” Her grandmother said.
Ailis looked down at Kenneth. She couldn't do that.
“He will die if you don't.” The voice of her dead grandmother said.
Her grandmother's voice rang out. “Do it NOW!!”
Ailis grabbed the end of the stick, closed her eyes and pulled with all of her might. She heard him grunt and automatically lunged down to cover the wound. It didn't help. Too much blood was running out and onto the floor of her room.
She ran to the bathroom and got some towels to press on the wound. After applying pressure for a few minutes she changed to a new towel. She stopped to examine the wound and to her amazement it was healing. But when she looked at him his color was almost transparent. She didn't understand if the wound was healing rapidly why had he not awakened? Oh God, she thought. “I killed him. What do I do?” She'd killed another vampire without meaning to. She had no idea what was going on. She was beginning to think her mother might have been right about not using their powers. She'd been tortured by one psycho and nearly attacked by another, both stating they knew what she was. Really? It'd be nice if someone let her in on this epic secret, she thought angrily to herself. She was getting sick and tired of everyone else knowing more about her than she did. She'd like to know what she was. Then maybe she could figure out what the hell was wrong with her. She seemed to just kill vampires without even meaning to and now look, she'd killed Kenneth. She knew he was a murderer but she knew his soul. She knew it as if it were her own. She couldn't explain how or why but she knew he was a good man who'd been through a lot and thought he was doing the right thing. She'd wanted to stop him not kill him damn it! She was frantic and then it hit her. He needs blood.
She didn't have time to think about it, she ran to the kitchen, got a knife and ran back. She was trying to think of the safest way for her to do this when he started to convulse. She had no time; she looked around, where was that damn knife? “Oh the hell with it.” Just as she thought about what she had to do her canines lengthened. She raised her wrist to her mouth, closed her eyes and bit down swiftly opening two holes in her wrist. “Damn that hurts.” She thought fleetingly as she lowered her wrist to his mouth. One… two… three… drops landed on his whitish-gray lips. Suddenly his eyes jerked open and he grasped her wrist to him with almost inhuman strength.
She started to feel faint as his eyes closed and she felt him sucking her life's blood from her veins. The feeling was like nothing she'd ever felt, it was pulling her into him, it was erotic and she wanted the feeling to go on and on. At that moment she wanted to be a part of him forever. At first she was scared but then it was as if she had been asleep, dormant, waiting for him to bring her true self to the surface. It was like an electrical current racing and vibrating through her body, trying to join with him. There was a fluttering sensation down in her core. Her canines lengthened even more as if they were preparing for their turn. What an odd and erotic thought for her to have at a time like this, she thought absently before it passed.
She was no longer scared and confused, until she started getting dizzy. He was taking too much. She began to panic and try to pull free, but he would not let go. Suddenly his eyes popped open; they were blood red just like in her dream except now the red seemed to be exploding outward from his pupils like a sunburst. She was snared by the intensity of his eyes; the sun burst seemed to ebb and flow with her heartbeat. She couldn't break his gaze if she'd wanted to and was trapped by this vampire, body and soul. She couldn't understand where these feelings were coming from or why the fact that he was a murderer, suddenly didn't affect her. She suddenly didn't care about the fact that she didn't know this vampire from Adam. All she cared about was that she'd been feeling this man for months. She'd been led here by this man. Intentionally or not on his part, she'd seen inside him and was dizzy with the realization that his soul had been created for hers and hers for his, even before their births. Ailis had no idea how she knew these things and she didn't care. At that moment it all became too much for Ailis and she fainted
***
Kenneth awoke with the most wonderful taste in his mouth. He didn't understand what was going on. He'd gone back to Ailis' to see how she was doing. When he got there, it was just after dusk and she'd been asleep. She woke up a little and didn't seem fazed when she saw him. In her half sleep state, she didn’t seem bothered by his presence and that made Kenneth feel quite good. She'd said she was very sleepy when he'd asked her how she was feeling. Kenneth remembered chuckling as he told her that if she didn't keep blocking him out, she wouldn't be so tired. She'd chuckled back and told him to stay out and she wouldn't have to block him. Good luck. He'd thought to himself. Kenneth had resigned himself to the fact that she had somehow wiggled her way into his soul. He couldn't say he was that happy about it, though he couldn't stop it and he had no idea what was causing it. She damn sure wasn't getting rid of him until he figured it out. Kenneth had gone to feed and then returned to check on Ailis again before he went back home. The last thing he remembered was finding Ailis in the grips of one hell of a nightmare. When she awoke she was still screaming and fighting. Was the dream about him? He was wondering to himself when he felt someone struggling. He popped his eyes open and saw Ailis. She looked scared and pale. He realized that the taste in his mouth was her blood! He was taking her blood! He let go of her arm and she immediately fainted.
Oh Shit!  He thought as he jumped up. He had taken too much. Had he attacked her? He couldn't remember. He had to think fast. She needed more blood but it was risky. Oh, the hell with it!  He thought. She's already half vampire. What could it harm?
He had to save her! He'd worry about her wrath later. If Kenneth had learned anything about Ailis since he'd met her; He knew, her wrath was definitely something to worry about. Here goes. He thought as he placed his wrist over her mouth at the same time he took her abused wrist in his hands and slid his tongue over the wound to close it. He watched as her fangs lengthened, she bit into his wrist and began to drink timidly.
She was still unconscious and acting out of pure instinct. He smiled to himself.
“My little vampire” He said out loud and then quickly reprimanded himself. What am I thinking? She'll never be my anything! I just attacked her and nearly killed her for God's. Kenneth thought hanging his head. A single lone tear sliding down his cheek for the first time in over One Hundred years. She'd never forgive him for this and he mourned the loss of what until that very moment, Kenneth never even knew he wanted; His chance with her. She'll end up marrying that pompous asshole Collin, having him lots of babies and living happily ever after.
He stopped her from drinking and sealed his own wound. He lifted her in his arms ignoring how right she felt there and placed her gently in her bed. It did no good to acknowledge how great a feeling it was to hold her in his arms, when this would probably be the first and last time he would ever have the pleasure. He gazed down at her, loving what he saw and wishing it was him that she would think about spending the rest of her life with. It was best that he just leave and return home to Madrid, never to bother her again.
Just then her eyes fluttered open. “Why are you always so sad?” She asked softly.
“You have only known me a couple of weeks how do you know I am always sad?” He asked.
She looked serious. “I met you a couple of weeks ago but I have felt you for months. That is why I came.” She said with a tired sigh.
“What are you talking about?” Kenneth asked.
“I felt your pain and followed it. My grandmother died but I came only after I started feeling your presence and it led me here.” She said as she smiled at him and reached up to stroke the side of his face. “I would make you feel better if I could.”  She said quietly as she turned her head and fell back to sleep.
He couldn't resist, so he stretched out next to her just to be able feel her next to him. This was likely another thing he would never again be able to do. She snuggled up to him as he stroked her hair. He wondered if she knew who he was. With my luck she thinks I'm that bastard; Collin. He thought grumpily to himself. He laid there for a few moments, listening to the sound of Ailis' even breathing and for the first time in over one hundred years; he slept after dark.
Chapter 6
He awoke several hours later and Ailis was not beside him. It was close to dawn and he had to leave soon. He did a quick mental search of the house and found that she was in the attic. He thought about just leaving but figured that he should at least apologize for last night. Although, he was sure that once she woke up and remembered what he'd done to her, she'd ran from the room as fast as her feet would take her. He still wasn't sure what had happened. She'd been dreaming when he'd gotten there and it was a bad one. He'd tried to wake her but it wasn't working. He knew she hated when he invaded her mind but he really felt as if he had no other choice. So he tried to give her a command to wake. In retrospect, he guessed it was a bad idea. When her eyes popped open, the green in them was glowing so bright, Kenneth had to shield his eyes. The small yellow flakes in her eyes seemed to shimmer like gold.
Kenneth got the distinct feeling something else was in there with Ailis. Something way more powerful than Kenneth had ever experienced.
He'd felt power gather all around him as her eyes continued to glow fiercely. He knew in that moment, something other than Ailis had complete control of her faculties. The next thing he remembered was taking her blood.
He scrubbed his hand over his face in frustration as he sat and hung his legs over the side of her bed. He just wished he could remember what the hell had happened. He couldn't believe he'd attacked her and what was that thing in her when she'd woken up? He wondered. Was it in there all the time? Should he fear it? Kenneth didn't know the answer to the first two questions. As for the third, for some reason deep down inside, he felt she would never hurt him intentionally. He was the one who'd hurt her. He thought, disgusted with himself knowing she'd never forgive him. She's probably hiding in the attic waiting for me to leave. He thought with an unwelcome stab of pain suspiciously close to were his heart used to be.
He got up and trudged to the attic, a man nearly defeated to tell her goodbye and that he was leaving her alone for good.
When he entered the attic she was staring out the window. She turned and smiled and then turned back to face the window. Kenneth suddenly remembered the taste and feel of her blood running down his throat and his fangs sprang free as his constant companion surged to attention. She’d tasted like pure warm sunshine caressing his every follicle. He knew he'd suffer all of eternity, craving just one more drop.
“You know,” She said. “I can't imagine what it must be like never to see the sun. I could stand not walking in it but you don't even get to see it.”
“Kenneth wasn't sure where she was going with this but he knew that he needed to leave soon, before he did something utterly unforgivable like ravish her in this very spot. He cleared his throat and hardened himself to her.
“I came to tell you good-bye.” He told her formally.
She turned back to face him quickly, her eyes were very wide. “No you can't. I mean not yet. I have a surprise for you.” She told him excitedly. He raised an eyebrow at her. “Don't worry.” She said “You will like it.” Now Kenneth was interested. What was this girl thinking? “Sit in the chair and close your eyes.” She commanded him.
Okay. He thought. Now this is getting kinky. He sat and immediately, steel clamps wrapped around his wrists and ankles. He looked at her shocked. “What's this?” He asked. “What are you doing?”
She walked over to the chair and knelt with her face close to his. “You are going to see the sun.” She said with a smile. He began to panic and tried to rip the steel clamps. She put her hand over his and in a calm steady voice she said, “Calm down I'm not going to hurt you. The clamps are because I knew that you would panic.”
He stopped struggling and tried for a calm thought to rationalize with her. “Look,” He started “I know what I did last night was terrible but does that really warrant killing me?”
She looked puzzled and then she asked. “What are you talking about?”
“I attacked you.” Kenneth responded. “I don't remember doing it but I must have.”
She looked at him for a minute and then realization reflected in her eyes. “You didn't attack me Kenneth.” She replied. “I attacked you.”
“What do you mean?” He asked confused. She didn't attack him. At least, he didn't remember her attacking him. He thought, remembering the other thing he'd seen inside her.
“Well.” She started “When you woke me, I was having a terrible dream and I attacked you. I don't remember doing it.” She told him hanging her head. He remembered her staking that vamp without even flinching. Could there be something that has control of Ailis whether she wants it to or not? He nodded for her to continue. “Some how I made you fly across the room and you landed on the coat rack. It went straight through you.”
He looked confused. He didn't remember that. All he remembered was a build up of energy right before he blacked out. “But I took your blood. I almost killed you.”
“No.” She said “I gave you my blood to save you.”
“What!” He yelled. “Why would you do that?”
“You almost died I had to give you my blood or you would have.” She looked bewildered at first but then she just shrugged. “You would have died. I had no choice.”
She didn't want him dead? Kenneth thought quickly to himself. She'd panicked and given him her blood because she didn't want him to die. Kenneth's heart rate secretly kicked up a little and a feeling suspiciously close to caring reared it’s long absent head. “Then listen to me if you don't want me dead, let me go so that I can get to a safe place before the sun comes up.” He tried reasoning with her.
“This is a safe place.” She answered.
“Safe.” Kenneth snorted. “I am tied to a chair sitting in front of a window with the sun moments from breaking the horizon. How is that safe?”
“It is. Trust me. You have to trust me.” She said.
He stopped arguing. Not because he believed her but because he knew he couldn't change her mind and he knew he was going to die. What hurt the most was that even though she denied it, he thought that she knew as well. She wanted him dead. Just then he felt that familiar sensation cross the surface of his skin. The sun was rising and he was going to die. He saw the first rays of light and closed his eyes tightly to prepare for the pain.
“No.” Ailis stated. “Keep them open.”
He opened his eyes knowing he was defeated and looked out the window. At least, if he was about to die he would see the sun one last time. It started to rise slowly and he prepared himself. It seemed like it took forever. Then he saw it; the top of the sun coming up over the top of the water.
The water was blue not the gray that it looked at night. The orange yellow hues from the sun where cascading across all that he could see below bathing the world in color that he had not been able to see in person for over one hundred years. His eyes burned a little but not the way they normally do, more like, just sensitive.
Ailis watched the amazement cross his features. The sun was nearly all the way up. She reached over and pressed the button to release the clamps and Kenneth bolted from the chair to the window. She got there before he reached for the clasp that held it closed.
“No!” She snapped. “Don't open it.”
“How is this happening?” He barely whispered.
“It's the glass.” She responded.” It has a special film that blocks out the rays of the sun and it's the rays that will kill you not the light.”
He could feel the warmth from the sun already and it felt wonderful. He was amazed. He was standing here in broad daylight watching the sunrise as if he were once again human, once again able to love and be loved back. He turned to look at her. There were tears in his eyes. She reached up and took his face between her hands. This beautiful, amazing woman standing in front of him was truly a miracle. He was looking at the sun. He was seeing a sight and feeling a sensation he'd thought to never see or feel again. At that moment, he knew why he’d been filled with the compulsion to come here. It was her. He needed to protect her and keep her safe from outside forces as well as whatever was inside her that she couldn't seem to control. She is the other part of him. She is the light to his darkness as he is to hers. His soul was screaming at it’s master to surrender to what he knew was the absolute truth just as his brain was screaming Never!
“Are you okay?” She asked. “Did I do something wrong. I just thought that…” The worry in her voice shut his brain down completely and his soul now had full control.
He stopped her by putting his hands over hers. “No.” he said “You didn't do anything wrong. No one has ever done anything like this for me. Look” he said looking out the window again before turning back to look into her eyes, “The sun. Ailis…You have given me back the sun.”
Ailis grabbed his hand and noticed that he had a cuff link with the letters AKN on it. “What's this?” She asked. “Your initials?”
“Yeah.” Kenneth answered.
“But I thought that your name was Kenneth.” Ailis asked confused.
“My middle name is Kenneth.” He replied, hoping she would leave it at that.
“What's your first name?” Ailis asked.
Shit. Kenneth had to think fast. “Oh, even I can barely pronounce it.” Kenneth answered. “So you just call me Kenneth.” He chuckled convincingly. He looked down at her for a moment before he asked the question he was afraid to ask. He knew she'd told Collin she didn't think the same guy killed the last victim but he didn't know if she was just covering for him until she could figure out what to do or if she believed he hadn't killed that woman. He had to know if she thought him capable of that amount of brutality. “Do you think I did it?” He asked.
She was confused. “Did what?”
“Do you think that I killed that woman?” He asked, praying that even though he'd never given her  reason to, she had more faith in his basic goodness than that.
“No.” She answered. “I knew as soon as I saw her that you had not done it.”
He was so relieved that he took her in his arms and kissed her slowly and tenderly. Kenneth felt as if his feet would lift off the floor and they'd float away. Every time he was with her, he felt like the weight of the world had been lifted from his shoulders. He reveled in the feel of her fit so perfectly against him; it was as if she were a puzzle piece made exclusively to be connected to him. Some deep secret place inside his chest knew she was and God be damned, he would find out what was going on here. What that thing was inside of her and why his maker was suddenly in town wreaking havoc. Kenneth intended on taking care of those two things fast because he didn't ever intend on being disconnected from this woman.
She moaned against his mouth and shredded every last ounce of control he had.
***
Kenneth picked her up and in a blink they were in her room. He laid her on the bed and smiled down at her. “Thanks to those blackout curtains of yours no rays get in here either.” He told her as he kissed her. He lay down next to her and just looked at her. “Are you sure about this?” He asked. Kenneth knew once he'd tasted her, she belonged with him. He had no idea what was happening or how he knew but he knew, by some weird twist of fate that they were two halves of the same whole. He knew he would convince her of this. There were so many things he'd yet to tell her. So many ways they were connected. The connections their pasts held that she didn't yet know about. He knew he should tell her everything at once but he was terrified she would never forgive him for omitting the truth about his identity. He'd have to tell her the truth later and make her see that he'd had no choice. He'd make her see that some strange compulsion had brought him here the same as her. She'd see he had every right not to trust her just as she hadn't trusted him. She'd see and everything would be Okay. He tried to convince himself. But here, in this moment, he could not take her unless he knew it was what she wanted as well.
“Of course.” She replied. “Why would you ask?”
“You know why.” He responded brushing a few stray hairs from her eyes. He was a murderer and it was her job to catch him. Not to mention a liar as well. Even though, she didn't know about that last part. He shoved that last thought away. He wanted her now. He could wait no longer. He'd fix the rest later, Right?
She framed his face with her hands and said. “Kenneth I don't care what you are or who you are.” And then she kissed him long and hard. With that, all reasoning or conscience Kenneth had went out the window. All he thought about was the feel and taste of Ailis; the other half of his soul. He wanted to feel her skin so with a thought their clothes vanished. She giggled. “You'll have to teach me that one.”
“Maybe later.” He said “Right now I'm more interested in making you mine.” He nuzzled her neck and kissed the outer edge of her breast. Her breath caught when he took her soft, pink nipple into his hot sizzling mouth.
Kenneth could not believe all of the emotions that were running through him. She felt so good he could hardly contain himself. He knew that he had to hold off because he'd wanted to taste her womanhood since the first time she opened her smart little mouth. Let's see if she’s as cocky when she is writhing and screaming underneath me. He thought with a mental snicker. No one had ever made him feel this way and as much as it elated him, it also scared the hell out of him.
He hated to move his attention away from her firm round breasts but he was eager to find out how this angel tasted. Kenneth heard her stifle a moan and smiled to himself. Just as he thought. Angels do taste like heaven. He couldn't help himself. He ate at her as if he were a starving man, lost and thirsty for weeks. He quickly caught hold of himself. He couldn't believe how quickly he was losing control of this situation. He needed to get a hold of himself, before he was lost completely. He would not let her rule him.
***
Ailis felt bereft as Kenneth moved away from her still tingling breast but as he moved down and took the first taste of her core, she thought she would die of sheer pleasure. He ate at her as if her were a dying man at first and Ailis knew she was on the verge of death or a rebirth or something. Hell, she had no idea. He slowed down a bit seeming to gain more control but still driving her mad with pleasure. After a few moments it was more than Ailis could take and there was no being quiet. Just as suddenly as his ministrations started they abruptly stopped. Ailis could have screamed. Damn this man and his control issues, she screamed to herself. Could he not let go and enjoy anything?  Then she had a thought and grinned deviously. Two could play that game. She sat up and pushed at his chest until she had succeeded in turning him over with her on top. She smiled wickedly at him as she made a trail with her tongue from his neck to his waistline. She stopped briefly and felt his sharp intake of breath. He was getting impatient. Ailis smiled inwardly. She liked having power over him. She needed to teach this beast that sometimes, it was rather enjoyable to be submissive. Not a bitch or anything mind you, but at least relax enough to get as good as you give. She thought wickedly. She was going to show this “Old Man” that in this century, women could give just as good as they got.
***
As Ailis finally slipped his over engorged member into her mouth, Kenneth had to hold back a shout. He had been with plenty of women over the years but none had driven him to the brink of insanity the way this tiny slip of a woman was doing right now. She took in nearly the entire length of him over and over again, keeping her tiny mouth tight with suction. Good God, what a surprise. Kenneth thought grinning down at her lovely ass, thrust in the air as she knelt over his core bringing him closer and closer to the point of insanity. This woman could do so much more with that mouth than smart off. He felt like he was losing control and that was not a good thing. It took every bit of his self-control to keep his fangs from springing out in full force.  He had finally had enough of watching that ass bounce up and down while she completely ravished his partner in crime like no woman before had ever come close to and wanted all of her now before he burst into flames.
***
Ailis was surprised when Kenneth pulled her up and flipped her over at the same time. Before she knew what was happening she was flat on her back with Kenneth positioned over her. The excitement was too much for her and she felt her fangs aching to come out and play. She had no idea where that thought came from and it baffled her. She looked up into his eyes as he plunged himself deeply within her. His eyes fired red and she could see the imprint of his fangs through his lips. It should have scared the hell out of her but instead it excited her more and she felt her own fangs slowly sliding past her gums to reveal them selves.
***
Kenneth felt his breath catch in his lungs as he first saw her eyes flash as red as the flames of hell and then he saw her tiny fangs lengthening themselves. He had no idea what species or mixed species this woman was but there was definitely some Vampire in there somewhere. He started thrusting slowly at first but as she started thrusting her hips up to meet his, he began thrusting wildly, like a caged animal. He'd never felt anything so intoxicating in all of his time on earth. Only one thing could make this moment any more perfect than it already is. He thought looking down longingly at her neck. He was forcing the little bit of control that he had in order not to take her blood. Oh, but how he wanted it, remembered the taste of it, craved it, needed it.  Kenneth saw a moment of realization in her eyes just before she turned her head to the side to give him full access to her tiny beautiful neck. He would not do this. “No.” He said as he shook his head to clear the temptation.
“Let me give you what you want.” Ailis said meaning it. She felt the urgency to give her blood, as she was sure that he felt the urgency to take it. She looked up into his eyes and saw there was a pleading there as if he were asking her if she was sure.
“I don't know if I can control myself.” He said quietly.
***
Ailis was a little scared but she felt she could trust him and she told him so. He continued thrusting in and out at a tantalizing speed as he lowered his mouth to her neck. She felt like she would explode at any moment. He teased the sensitive nerves at the base of her throat scraping slowly, nearly sending her into convulsions before he sank in his fangs. She let out a moan as the brief pinch of pain turned into something more sensual. Kenneth's took only a small bit while holding onto his control. Ailis had never felt anything so wonderful in her life. Her blood was boiling as she rode the ripples of pleasure, feeling as if electrical shocks were running the entire length of her body until all at once she screamed out as the feeling overtook her.
***
Kenneth could still feel Ailis convulsing when his own body reached its release. Kenneth and Ailis stayed in that position for several minutes, he, still embedded in her, both breathing heavily. “Holy Shit.” They both said in unison before bursting out laughing.
Kenneth rolled off of Ailis and pulled her into his arms, so that she faced him. Kenneth couldn't believe the enormity of the passion they'd just experienced. He was terrified. He had to tell her the truth of his identity. He could not live this big of a lie with this woman. He also knew that as soon as he told her, she'd never want to see or speak o him again. He should have told her before, maybe she would have forgiven him but now, after what they'd just shared, Kenneth knew there was no way in hell she'd ever forgive him. But how he wished that weren't the case. He reached up and tucked a stray hair behind her ear. She looked thoroughly and completely at ease for the first time since he'd met her and he really didn't want to ruin that right now. He leaned in and kissed her sweet lips softly.
Kenneth kissed Ailis for a long while until he could stay awake no longer. “I am sorry little one.” he said “But this day you have given me the sun as well as a taste of what an angel can do. I must go to ground.”
Ailis was mortified. “You really sleep in the ground?” She asked.
“In a manner of speaking.” He said. “My home is in Madrid and there I have my chamber, which has dark curtains like your bedroom but here I could find no such place so I must go to ground.”
Ailis didn't know what to think. “Well it's daylight, you can't go anywhere now. Why don't you just stay here? I will let you sleep.” She said.
Kenneth looked at her seriously. “Ailis.” He said quietly. “I sleep the sleep of the dead. That means that if you look at me it will seem as though I am dead. I don't think that you are ready for that.”
Gross! was Ailis' first thought. Way to remind me that I slept with a dead guy, she thought wryly.
“No.” She agreed. “I am not sure that I am ready for that at all. Don't worry, you stay here and I am going to take a shower and then I will leave you to sleep for the rest of the day.”
Kenneth watched Ailis head to the bathroom that adjoined her bedroom. He could not believe this woman. She was almost too perfect to be real. He had not felt this alive since the day he awoke from his healing sleep after he was turned. The day he awoke to find that his e was murdered. And now he finds out that she was never dead in the first place.
That hurt more than thinking that she was dead. He didn't know why she left but it hurt that she would leave and not tell him anything. After the attack she had to have known he would think her dead. He was even more hurt by the fact that after the trauma she must have suffered at the hands of those monsters she would not have even wanted comfort from him. They'd known they weren't right for each other and they weren't exactly in love but Carmelita and he had known each other their whole lives. He'd thought they were friends and he'd always taken care of her. Something he'd always felt in his soul was his purpose. And yet, she'd chosen to run away instead of seeking him out. After he found out what had happened, he hunted down as many of the monsters as he could find and killed all but one.
The last of the attackers he had yet to find. That was a difficult matter as Monolo Della Cruz was the very vampire that made him. He would essentially be killing his father. But that didn't matter. All that had mattered to him for the last one-hundred years was avenging Carmelita's murder. Although he now knew that they had not killed her, it mattered not. That night twenty women and eight children were killed or unaccounted for. Now, he knew that somehow after all of these years, it was Carmelita that had called him here.
He also knew she was not as dead as her granddaughter seemed to think that she was. Ah his Ailis, He liked the sound of that. He knew what they'd just done was extremely stupid but he couldn't help himself. For the first time in his entire life, he knew what it was like to have true feelings for someone. Too bad he'd royally jacked up what small chance he might have had.
He heard the shower come on and smiled as he was finally dragged down with the dark sleep.
Chapter 7
Ailis could not believe what just happened. Kenneth was a vampire and a murderer. Kind of. No matter which way she thought about it, she couldn’t be sorry about it. She was confused. Her brain was telling her one thing and her heart was telling her another. The terrible thing was, she knew she was falling in love with him and could do nothing about it. Maya would flip out on her. Play with them, Hell Yeah but never fall in love with them. Maya would lecture her. She heaved a sigh. I tried to heed your advice girl. I really did, she said silently to the image of her friend in her mind.
After her shower she left the bathroom through the door that led to her grandmother's room. She did not think she could see Kenneth like that.
That was another reason that she was so unsure about this. He could never leave during the day. She was very pleased with herself for being able to let him see the sunrise. She was so glad that she had the contractor go ahead and make the plans to finish the windows on the house and to apply the UV protection to the enclosure around the pool. She smiled at the thought that soon he would be able to swim in the pool under the sun and not be burned to death. Vampires may not be able to stand the UV rays but modern science had come along way. One day he may be able to just walk in the sun with the right skin cream.
She sat on the edge of her grandmother's bed staring at her reflection in the mirror of the antique bureau door. Suddenly her grandmother's words came back to her. “What you seek, lies behind your reflection.” She jumped up and ran to the bureau and snatched the door open. She flung all the clothes out and found nothing.
She flopped back down on the bed all but laughing at herself for listening to the voice of a dead woman she'd heard in her head. As she was getting up to leave she caught something out of the corner of her eye. Upon further inspection she saw that the back wall of the bureau was two different colors. Almost as if a small piece of the original was cut out and replaced.
Ailis began to knock on various places on the back wall. And found that the spot that was a different color had a hollow sound. She tried to find a seam but to no avail. She finally decided to pull the bureau from the wall and when she looked at it from behind she saw a definite crack. After a few minutes and the help of a screwdriver she broke the board free. At first she could see nothing through all of the dust. Then she saw a small leather bound book wrapped in a plastic bag. She reached in and took it out unwrapped it and blew the dust off. On the front in old lettering it read, Journal. Ailis turned to the first page and read the inscription.
***
My Ailis, I have left you this account of my life in the hopes that it will help you with your ultimate decision. All my love,  Abuela Carmelita.
***
“Ultimate decision.” Ailis said sarcastically out loud. Always riddles. Can't she just ever come out and say what she means?” Ailis turned the page and kept reading.
***
The year was 1882 and I was engaged to the son of a wealthy conquistador. I was 13, but in those days that was a common age to be married.
***
Ailis was lost already. Who was this story about? It couldn't be her grandmother. Carmelita was old but only 89 when she passed away. This had to be a joke of some kind. Yet, she continued out of pure interest.
***
I liked my betrothed well enough but we were not by any means in love. I respected him and wanted to be a good wife but I was in love with someone else. His name was Beto and he was our stable boy. Beto was my age and he felt the same way about me.
***
Okay, now Ailis was freaked out! Beto was her grandfather's name. She'd always assumed her grandmother had met Beto after she left her first e. And if this was true, then Beto was alive in 1882 as well. How could this be? Maybe, She reasoned. Abuela got the dates wrong. She thought. She continued reading.
***
My father was a wealthy farmer and it was unheard of for a woman of my status to marry below her station. I was a proper lady so I would hold my love in and never tell anyone. Beto understood and respected that I must do what was expected of me.
In late September of 1883, three months before we were to be married, Alejandro found out that he had a newly discovered disease that had no cure.
Today it is known as Lung Cancer. He was very upset. He even told my father that if he wanted to call off the wedding that Alejandro would understand. I hid by the door to my fathers study and listed to the conversation. At last. I thought. I am free. But my father refused and told him that I was promised almost at birth and a Vega would never go back on their promise. 
“But I will die!” Alejandro exclaimed. “Why should Carmelita have to be subjected to that?”
My father breathed a sigh and responded. “As your wife it will be her job to birth children so that when you die the bloodline of your father’s father's will be passed on.”
“That's insanity!” Alejandro told him aghast.
“We shall see what your father thinks about it.” My father stated calmly. I was devastated. Alejandro was a good man but I just didn't love him. I cared for his well being and was deeply saddened by the knowledge that he would soon die.
***
Ailis was almost in tears. How horrible for her grandmother as well as Alejandro. But what she couldn't understand was that her grandmother had once told her that she left Spain because her e had done something very horrible. But from this she could see that he was a very good and noble man. She continued reading
***
Alejandro came to me three nights later and told me his father would not relent. We were to be married within the week. Our fathers thought to push the wedding ahead so that we would have more time together before he passed. Alejandro knew of my feelings for Beto. He told me once before that he understood but he knew that our mutual respect would grow to love in time.
Alejandro was so sad for me and told me not to worry because he had found a way to fix all of this, and that as soon as he could he would tell me everything. He made me promise that I would have an open mind no mater what. He kissed my cheek and said to expect him back before the wedding. I didn't hear from him for two days.
The day before we were to be married, most of the women in the village got together for a celebration of my union to Alejandro. Today it would be called a bridal shower. We were celebrating long into the night when suddenly the front door to the house was kicked open. At first, we thought that some men were going to attack us, as all we could see was their figures. But as they came into the light I knew that these where no mere men. Their skin was graying and pulled tight over their faces. I could see long fangs protruding from their mouths.
Most of the women started running and screaming. I was so petrified that all I could do was stare as they hunted down and brutalized almost everyone that I knew including my parents. Finally, the leader walked up to me taking slow and deliberate steps. He was laughing to himself. “My my. aren't we a pretty one?” He said snickering at me.
***
Ailis could barley breathe. She was so scared for her grandmother she almost forgot that this was in the past and not happening right in front of her. But through the pages she could almost see the event happening. That was another of her talents. One she had never disclosed to anyone, even her grandmother. She had to continue no matter what. She had to know what happened.
***
I was amazed that I did not die of fright. I was just that scared. But I guess it was stupidity on my part because I started sassing him. I had powers of my own (yes I have always had powers. Not that anyone else knew. In those times I would have been branded a witch and burned at the stake or something.) And I had no reason to be afraid of him. Or so I thought. As he came at me I heaved all the power at him that I could wield but all he did was stumble a bit. He regained his ground fast and laughed at me. “Oh.” He said. “You're a witch as well. I’ll bet your precious Alejandro doesn't know that.”
***
Wait, What? How did this guy know Alejandro? Ailis was confused. She looked out the window. It was about five o clock. She'd better get finished before her guest woke up. She heaved a deep breath and delved back into the book
***
Kenneth had just awoken and scanned the house for Ailis. She was in the next room over. He knew it was Carmelita's room as he could still feel her presence lingering there. He started to go to her but stopped just outside the door as he could feel her emotions running high. He took the chance at entering her mind and realized that she wasn't even shielding herself. He was going to have to make sure she remembered she was going to have to guard her mind when he caught a glimpse of what she was doing. She was reading something. He quickly got up to speed on what she had learned so far and realized why her guard was down. She'd found Carmelita's diary and was reading it. She knew so far who he was but not that he was the man that her grandmother was engaged to. Kenneth was angry as he could see what Ailis was reading but it was like she was there. She has the sight! He exclaimed to himself. She can see into the past. Why had she not told him this? He turned his concentration back to what she was seeing.
***
“You dare to speak his name!” Carmelita screamed. “You have no right. Who are you?” She asked.
He chuckled a little and then answered. “I am Monolo. And actually I have all the right in the world to speak of your betrothed.”
Carmelita wore a bewildered look. “What are you talking about?” She asked getting the worst feeling.
“As of tonight,” Monolo answered sounding completely cocky. “Your beloved is now one of us.”
The look on Carmelita’s face changed to pure hatred. “You lie!” She screamed. He laughed as he launched at her. Carmelita screamed as she was pushed to the floor.
***
Ailis was barely breathing. She couldn't make the vision stop as much as she wanted to. She was forced to sit there and watch that monster torture and use her grandmother brutally over and over. She couldn't believe that she was still alive after hours of this brutality. Ailis was dying inside from watching this
***
Kenneth could take no more of this. He burst through the door and grabbed Ailis by the shoulders giving her a firm command to wake. She looked at him through hazy eyes for a moment before he could see them clear. As her eyes focused on him and she realized whom it was, she started shaking.
He wrapped her in his arms and started talking to her in order to soothe her.
“Its Okay baby.” He said. “I know what you saw.”
She was hysterical now, crying her eyes out. She was shaking all over.
“How could he have let this happen?” She asked.
“What?” Kenneth asked, baffled.
“Alejandro he should have been there. Unless he knew what was happening.” Ailis concluded.
Kenneth had to think fast. He couldn't reveal too much at this time but he couldn't let her get that idea about him. (Even though she didn't know that it was he) “Ailis,” He said. “Look at me.” She did and he took a deep breath.
“Trust me from experience that when a human is brought over that is sick; it is very hard on them. Most have to go to ground for weeks just so that the vampire blood can fully heal their disease ravaged body.”
She stayed quiet for a few moments and he was praying she hadn't made a connection. He knew he should just tell her the truth, tell her who he was but he wasn’t ready to lose her forever. He'd just found her. He wanted her more than his next meal and Kenneth was a selfish man dammit. She finally looked up at him and asked; “How do you know that?”
Kenneth took a deep breath. “I was sick when I was brought over. My creator made it seem so wonderful and it was my only choice as I was dying.” He told her.
“What were you dying from?” She asked.
He knew that question was coming and he couldn't say cancer as she wasn't that stupid and would immediately have put two and two together. So he improvised. “Yellow Fever.” He stated. It wasn't that far fetched. There was an outbreak of yellow fever around the same time so if she got curious and looked it up she would see that it was possible. It bought him some time but eventually he would have to tell her everything and watch her disappear forever.
“Does the vampire blood kill all of it?” She asked.
“Yes there is no reason to worry I cannot infect you with any diseases. But I doubt I could even if I was human as you are half vampire yourself, although I have no idea how. Hell I don't even know how your grandmother survived the attack.”
“Well” Ailis stated flatly. “We will have to see if it is in here somewhere.” She held up the journal to emphasize. “But not now I have to go to work.”
“I wish you didn't have to.” He said. He wanted as much time with her as he could get before he lost her forever.
“Me too.” She said. “But I need some time by myself. I don't know whether I am coming or going lately.”
He could understand that and as he left the house it was all that he could do not to ask her what she would do about Collin. She was very good at masking her feelings from him and he didn't even know if she felt the same way about him. This morning really didn't prove anything. As for his feelings for her, he was very afraid that after being alive for over one hundred years, he finally knew what it was like to be in love. Head over heels, and totally screwed.
Chapter 8
Ailis spent most of the night driving around in her squad car with Mitch, her over weight pompous partner.
“Your being too quiet tonight, Ailis.” He said looking over from the road to her. “What's been up with you the last few days?” He asked.
“Nothing.” Ailis answered. “I am just really tired.”
“Yeah.” Mitch said. “I knew you were never a lifer here.” He finished.
“What's that supposed to mean.” She asked, offended. Ailis hated to be treated like a weak woman.
“I'm not dissing you or anything it's just that I figured that you are probably used to more action. I mean don't get me wrong. There's plenty of action here but never the evidence to find the people. You're the kind of person that gets off on the justice part of it and not just the killing part of it.” He hastily added. Don't be too sure about that, she thought grimly to herself, remembering the two vamps she'd offed.
“Whatever.” Ailis said. “You're way off base.”
“Ah…” Mitch said. “Then it's a man that has you so down in the dumps.”
Ailis glared over at him. “Don't even go there.” Ailis warned.
“Okay Okay.” Mitch said raising his hands in the air. “Forget I said anything.” He pretended to shudder. “I’ll do anything so that you don’t give me the look. My wife has the look.” He pretended to shudder again. Ailis smirked and turned to look out the window and Mitch turned back to stare at the road.
They continued their shift in almost complete silence and once they arrived at the station, Ailis spent an hour writing up her reports. When she finished it was close to five in the morning. She went to the locker room, got her things and headed for the parking garage. As soon as the elevator door opened Ailis knew that something was wrong.
She felt the presence of another and it didn’t feel like a good one. She reached back, resting her hands on the twins, breathing easier with the knowledge that they were backing her up. She headed for her car while constantly scoping the area. She tried to walk as casually as possible when her internal warning system was screaming at her to run. Just as she was about to get to her car someone stepped in front of her.
At first all she saw was a very broad chest but when she looked up a shot of fear hit her so hard that she stumbled backward, pulling out both Glocks and aiming them at his chest. She couldn't even speak while the stranger stood staring at her for what seemed like several minutes. Finally he started to approach her and she found her voice. “Stop right there.” She said cocking the twins, proud that her voice sounded less shaky than she felt.
He half smiled at her. “My you do look so much like your grandmother don’t you?”
Ailis was terrified. She could feel her heart beating out of her chest. “You're Monolo.” She accused.
“Oh so you know who I am.” He responded. “It figures Carmelita would not have left this world without making sure that you knew what happened.” His face twisted into a sneer. “Did she also tell you that I would have had her if that stupid stable boy had not interfered?”
Ailis was confused. “You mean Beto? My grandfather saved her?” She asked.
Monolo seemed angry. “That puny human was not your grandfather.” He responded with condemnation in his voice.
Ailis was really confused now. “What do you mean, he was not my grandfather?” She asked.
Monolo laughed. “Well now I guess that he is your grandfather, as far as who created your mother.” He stated. “But you also have my blood in you as well.” Ailis stood there with a stunned expression and said nothing. “It seems that Carmelita didn't tell you everything, now did she?” He answered with a laugh. When Ailis didn't answer Monolo grew angry again. “I am the reason that Carmelita lived so long. She ingested some of my blood during the attack you stupid girl.” He said grinning at her.
“I don't believe you.” She said. “You’re just trying to confuse me.”
Monolo laughed. “Believe what you will.” He said. “That will not change the truth.”
“What do you want from me?” Ailis asked with more bravery that she felt.
“That’s a stupid question.” He responded. “I want you.” Monolo stated firmly.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Ailis almost screamed. “What the hell for?”
Monolo took a deep breath. “With your power you will be a great asset to us. As a half human your powers are very strong but as a vampire they will be even greater still.” He answered her question more calmly now. Ailis lowered the twins and replaced them in their holsters. This guy was such a nut. She thought to herself.
“You’re crazy.” Ailis stated sounding bored.
“Perhaps I am.” Monolo said. “But that still won't keep me from getting what I want.” He finished as he reached up to stroke her cheek. “I always wanted your grandmother.” He stated. “Now I can have you instead and it's just the same. I will have the most powerful and beautiful queen by my side. You can't stop me and that meddling Alejandro can't stop me either.”
Ailis was stunned. “Alejandro, he is still alive?” She asked.
Monolo stared at her. “Why of course he's still alive.” He started but stopped abruptly and chuckled a little. “Well well.” He said. “It seems like you don't really know a whole lot now doesn't it.” He told her with a little laugh.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Ailis was getting pissed now. If one more person tried to speak to her in riddles, she was going to scream at the top of her lungs.
“Now you don't worry your pretty little head about all that.” He stated. “I will give you one day to make your decision.”
“What decision would that be?” Ailis asked crossing her arms over her chest stubbornly.
“You can either come to me or die.” He stated and then just disappeared. Ailis was so dumbfounded that she just stood there for several minutes staring at her car before she got in and started the drive home. What did he mean that I don't know as much as I think I do? And the fact that Alejandro is still alive. She couldn't believe it. If he was still alive and Monolo was worried about him interfering does that mean that she has a reason to be worried about him as well? Ailis finally reached her house and went straight up to her room to take a shower and then she would finish the journal. She had to know what was going on.
***
Kenneth knew the instant Ailis met Monolo. He could feel her emotions. He was able to slip in long enough to see him through her eyes. He was saying something to her and then disappeared. Then she was driving home. He was shut out at that point. She was getting better at blocking herself. He rushed to her house and found that she was in the shower.  He needed to read that journal but he didn't know where she put it. At any moment the journal could reveal who he was. That would not be good. That is if Monolo had not already told her. He waited, as she got out of the shower anxious to see what her reaction would be. She paused at the door said hello and went to the kitchen as if nothing happened. He followed her all the while trying to catch some of her thoughts along the way.
***
Ailis knew he was digging but she wasn't letting him get anything from her. He did not need to know this. It was hard because every time she thought of that monster’s hand on her she felt like she was going to vomit. She knew the instant that he caught sight of that particular bit of information because she could see the flames behind his eyes. She ran to him and grabbed his hands. “Please.” was all she could get out.
He interrupted her. “That disgusting pile of garbage had the nerve to lay a finger on you and you did not think to tell me?” He was all but screaming at her.
“I…I.” She stuttered. “He didn't hurt me and I just wanted to forget about it.” She said.
“Forget about it!” Kenneth bellowed. “You should have called to me the instant that he showed up.” He accused.
“I didn't want you guys to be fighting.” Ailis was almost in tears and Kenneth's heart was breaking at the sight of it.
***
 “Shit.” He cursed under his breath before wrapping his arms around her. “I'm sorry love.” He said. “I just don't like the thought of his hands on you.” He lifted her chin until he could look into her eyes. He was so screwed right now. If anything ever happened to her he knew he would meet the sun to be with her. He could find no words to say. It would be stupid to say anything anyway as they had only met a short while ago. He skipped the words and lowered his mouth to hers for a long drugging kiss that lasted for what seemed to him like hours.
When he lifted his head he was completely out of breath and so was she. When he looked into her eyes he could see the same desire he felt, reflected in the depth of her eyes. That was all it took to push him over the edge. He scooped her up turned on his heels and took her back to her room. He couldn't stop kissing her. He felt like he would explode before he had gotten his fill of her. He didn't even stop kissing her as he laid her on her bed or when he was stripping her clothes from her body.
***
Ailis couldn't even think straight. She could feel him all over her. She had only known this man for a few days and now, all of the sudden they were lovers. She should run away while she still could. Her brain was telling her to run but she had a feeling it was her heart that was telling her to stay. She knew that falling in love with this man was the worse thing she could do. The bad part was, she was afraid it was too late. He was a vampire. But she was half. He was a murderer but she'd killed before as well. He lifted his mouth from hers and the moment their eyes met, she knew her fears had come true. She was utterly head over heels in love with him and god help her she would do anything that it took to keep him with her.
Even if that meant leaving and finding somewhere that Monolo couldn't find them. Kenneth chose that moment to slide himself into her and all coherent thoughts were driven from her head. She and Kenneth basked in the roaring inferno of passion all through the morning until they were both spent. Then they slept.
***
Ailis awoke in late afternoon. She took a shower and headed down stairs to fix some breakfast. She was still thinking about last night and the fact that Kenneth was sleeping in her room. She could barley control herself last night. She wanted nothing more that to take his blood but Kenneth controlled the both of them as he said that if they take each others blood one more time that her change would be complete. When she protested he shook his head and advised her that it would be better for her to stay as she is. “You don't want this for yourself.” He said, “Never able to be in the sun. For what; a few minutes of pleasure?” That hurt her more than she would ever admit. Because with that statement she knew how he saw her. She was a few minutes of pleasure to him, nothing more. Just then the doorbell rang and she ran to answer it. Collin was on the porch.
“Collin?” Ailis said. “What are you doing here? This is my day off.”
He chuckled. “I know. I just came to see you.”
Ailis looked at him confused. “Come in.” She told him. Ailis was a bit nervous. Why was he here? She knew the answer to that question but she was so not ready to face it. “So what's up?” She asked heading for the kitchen.
“You know why I'm here Ailis.” He stated. “I've come to see if you have thought about my proposal.”
Ailis blew out a breath. “Collin we have never even dated really.” She said.
“Yes we have.” Collin answered back.
“That was one date.” Ailis reminded him.
“That if I recall correctly, did end in sex.” Collin reminded her. Ailis heaved a breath. Their date hadn't ended in sex. They’d both drank way too much and started making out but then Collin had passed out. It had been perfectly alright with Ailis as she'd felt nothing sexual during their make out session. She'd not had the heart to embarrass him by telling him that he'd passed out. She'd figured he'd at least have some bragging rights down at the PD and let him think they had. Funny thing was, he'd never bragged. Not once.
***
Kenneth had awoken and was listening to their conversation. They were lovers at one point. That would explain why Collin felt that she belonged to him. He was so angry at this bit of news. How dare this puny human cop try to take away something that is his! Then he stopped. He remembered his test with Ailis last night. She wanted his blood and he told her that if she took it she would turn and why would she want that for a few moments of pleasure. She'd agreed way too quickly and he knew then that she did not have the same feelings for him as he had for her, maybe she is in love with Collin. He thought to himself feeling his newly opened heart breaking.
Collin continued his argument. “Why did it have to be a mistake Ailis? We are good together; I will always take care of you. You will never want for anything.”
Kenneth sent a mental push her way. “Maybe you should accept. He obviously loves you.” He could see Ailis squeeze her eyes shut and a single tear sprang free and slid down her face.
***
Ailis could not believe this. She was fixing to tell Collin that she had never loved him in that way when she heard Kenneth inside her head. “Maybe you should accept. He obviously loves you.” She could have screamed it wasn't Collin that she wanted to love her. It was Kenneth and it was so painfully obvious that he didn't love her at all. She was a few moments of pleasure. She squeezed her eyes shut and a rouge tear slipped free. Collin rushed to her side. “Baby I didn't mean to upset you. I just want the best for you.” Ailis couldn't help it she was so heart broken. She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him hard. She felt the moment Kenneth left her house and she knew, she would never see him again. She felt that she would die inside. She hated herself for she knew from the beginning that she couldn't allow herself to have feelings for this man, she knew, she couldn't keep him.
She took a deep breath and looked at Collin. “I can't marry you.” She told him. “I have never felt that way about you.”
Collin took a deep breath and asked. “Are you in love with someone else?”
Ailis stayed quiet for a moment but then decided that it was best to tell the truth. “Yes.” Ailis said, as she couldn't bring herself to lie.
“Who is it?” Collin asked.
“It's no one you know.” She answered.
“Will you marry him?” Collin asked, sounding oddly defeated.
“I would if he wanted me but he doesn't care for me like that.” She answered.
“It sucks.” Collin said sulking.
“Yeah.” Ailis agreed “But you can't chose who you love. If I could choose who my heart would love it would be you.” She told him in truth.
“Really.” Collin said. “That doesn't make me feel any better.” He said.
“I know.” Ailis answered sounding beaten. “Me either.” Collin left and Ailis went to her room and cried herself to sleep.
***
Kenneth walked around the city for hours. He blocked his mind from everything. He knew that it would hurt when he would have to leave her. He knew that he couldn't keep her as much as he wanted to. She had Collin and she didn't want him. He could tell by the way she blocked out her thoughts when they were together. She didn't want him to know. She was a woman with extraordinary powers and she probably knew from the minute he did, exactly how he felt for her. Well, he thought, its time to get back to business. He needed to find and kill Monolo. The first thing he felt when he linked in with Monolo was pure sadistic happiness. He's probably killed someone else, Kenneth thought with disgust, and then he thought of Ailis with a panic.
He opened his mind to hers and immediately felt the pain and suffering. Kenneth knew without a doubt that Monolo was with Ailis and that's what was making him so happy. He was torturing her. In a flash he was outside Ailis' house and within seconds he doubled over and grabbed his stomach as he heard her blood-curdling scream. She was in pain and Kenneth could feel every bit of it. He could also hear Monolo laughing.
***
Ailis had never felt so much pain in her life. She tried to remember what had happened since she woke up. She awoke and could not go back to sleep. She grabbed the diary and began reading.
***
It must have been hours that I was at Monolo's mercy. I thought I would die. All I could think of was Beto and how I would never see him again and Alejandro was a vampire and probably gave me to these fiends. I would get him for this.
Just then Beto ran in and with one swift move of his machete nearly cut Monolo's head clean off. He helped me up and we ran. I didn't think of anything we just ran. We found ourselves on a ship the next day and we came to America. Eight months later I gave birth to your mother. I was pregnant when I was attacked. I know that it wasn't the right thing to do but I would have to deal with it. I thought that I would never get to be with Beto again so I took the chance. Alejandro knew and he was willing to overlook it. Now, it is time to tell you the story of Alejandro Kenneth Nunez.
***
Ailis didn't get any farther. As she read the name she saw Kenneth's cuff links with the initials AKN on them. AKN, for Alejandro Kenneth Nunez. She felt like her lungs were going to explode. Kenneth was her grandmother's betrothed and she had been with him. She is in love with him. She felt the hot tears pouring down her face at the same time she heard that all too familiar laughing.
Suddenly Monolo was standing over her bed stroking her hair from her face. She tried to fight him off. He held her steady.
“Awe.” He said like he was talking to a child. “You didn't know. That's OK baby. We will make him pay for what he's done to you.” 
She drew her energy and pushed as hard as she could. He flew against the wall. She was able to jump out of bed and run. She made it down stairs and there he was standing right in front of her. He chuckled. “You are much stronger than your grandmother was, but still not strong enough. But you will be. I am going to enjoy making you submit to me.” He said chuckling. “Make no mistake Ailis, You will submit to me. As soon as you have gone through the change you will be every bit as strong as I am. And by that time you will know where your loyalties lie.” Ailis started backing away. She had to get away.
Suddenly Monolo stopped, looking angry and with the speed of light he was in front of her with his hand on her stomach. It was a natural reaction, she put her hand over his. “What are you doing?” She asked, her voice shaking from fright. “That stupid idiot!” He roared. “You are with child.”
Ailis was confused. “Wh... What?” Ailis thought she was hearing wrong. “There is no way.” She stated. “Vampires can't father children.” She said shaking her head.
“No no.” Monolo said wagging his finger. “That's not exactly true. It's the women that can't get pregnant. There is nothing wrong with the men.” Ailis felt like she was going to be sick. She couldn't be pregnant. Kenneth was her grandmother's betrothed. He had lied to her about everything. She felt like her throat was on fire.
“No matter.” Monolo said looking a little happier. “If the baby survives the change then we will have a little one to raise as our own.”
Ailis had tears running down her face. “Just kill me.” She said.
“Oh no.” Monolo stated. “I would have you as my own. Don't worry about Alejandro. You won't ever have to see him again.” With that, he jumped on her. Turned her head to the side and bit down. The pain was excruciating. He raised his head and looked into her eyes. “My. My.  Ailis. I am going to enjoy eternity with you.”
He leaned back down and took some of her blood and then sealed the wounds. He then cut his wrists and placed it over her mouth. She didn't even try to stop him. It doesn't matter. She thought. As soon as he isn't paying attention, I will walk into the sun. The pains started then, coming from her stomach and moving out. She had never felt anything like it before. Still, she did not reach out to Kenneth. Why would she? He got what he wanted. He played her for the fool and then left. God if the pain doesn't stop soon. She thought to herself. I really am going to die from it. She felt as if her stomach were being shredded to pieces by a beast. Her skin felt as if her body had caught fire. Even her eyeballs hurt like hell. It seemed like hours that she was fighting. She knew she wasn’t going to last much longer. She couldn't help herself when the next one hit it was too strong, she screamed at the top of her lungs.
She could hear Monolo laughing. Then she heard Kenneth's voice. It sounded like they were fighting but she couldn't concentrate because the pains were too bad. She heard his voice in her head telling her that if she could calm down it would be more bearable. She tried her best to just let the pain come instead of fighting it. It was coming slower and less powerful now and she was more aware of her surroundings. Kenneth and Monolo were in the middle of a war and they were tearing her house apart. Slowly, the pains subsided and she could get up again. When she came to her feet, she saw Monolo standing over Kenneth. “She is mine.” He said.
That was it. She'd had enough. Her blood was boiling and she was shaking all over. Ailis knew that even if she wanted to she couldn't stop it this time. She was about to tear the house down. “I belong to no one!” She shouted and threw every ounce of energy she had within her at the both of them. It surprised her how much stronger she felt. Her voice seemed to shake the very foundation of the century old mansion. There was a blue light brighter than any she had ever seen that flashed across the room. As she turned to run upstairs there was an explosion so large, it shook the entire house. She ran and got her grandmother's diary, her purse, The Twins and her bike keys and ran from the house, not even glancing at the smoldering first floor living room as she left.
Chapter 9
Ailis stopped at the bank and withdrew as much money as she could before heading north east, not looking back. She drove nonstop for more than five hours. She honed all of her energy to block her mind from intrusions. She made her first stop close to morning in a hotel outside of Gainesville. She didn't know what the sun would do to her but she didn't want to find out. Not just yet. She wasn't even sure if she would sleep normally or like the dead sleep Kenneth slept. What if someone came in during the day and thought she was dead? She hung the do not disturb sign on the door and locked the top lock before lying down. She slept restlessly. She was dying inside. She knew she'd done the right thing but she could not make herself happy about it. Regardless of what her grandmother wrote in her diary Ailis did not want to believe it.  She knew that she loved Kenneth. And now she was going to have his baby. Things couldn't possibly get any worse. She cried until dark and then checked out and was on her way. She made stops at fleabag hotels all the way to California and collapsed as soon at she reached her mother’s house just before dawn on the fourth day. She was exhausted as the entire trip was spent blocking her thoughts so that no one would know where she was going. She slept the whole day and then headed to see her mother. She parked at the gates to the cemetery and walked to her mother's grave. She stood there for a long while and then spoke to her mother with tears flowing from her eyes. “I just wanted you to know that when I pass if I don't see you I will always remember you.”
She then heard her grandmother's voice. “Are you sure this is what you want to do?” She asked. “Jesus Christ Abuela what else am I suppose to do? I'm a frigging vampire.” She answered out loud in an aggravated tone.
“You carry his child.” Was the answer she received?
“Don’t start with that. He lied to me. You should understand, considering who he is.” Ailis said frustrated.
“Just read the book then dear.” She heard.
“Oh My God.” Ailis said. “I am talking to a ghost.” She blew out a breath and went back to the car. When she got back to her mothers house she got the diary and sat down to read.
***
Alejandro Kenneth Nunez was my betrothed. He was a wonderful man and the adopted son of a conquistador. No one knew he was adopted. His mother was a man's companion and was pregnant when Alejandro's stepfather fell in love with her. He took the child as his own and no one else knew. For years after Beto and I fled Madrid I could feel Alejandro. I could feel his anger and his rage. I could feel when he made a kill. For years I thought I was being punished until I actually stopped to listen to his feelings
He was sad that I died and every kill I felt him make, was one of the vampires who attacked us that night. I knew he had not yet found Monolo. I later found that he had no idea the others were going to attack that night. Monolo was the miracle that Alejandro was telling me about. He thought that by becoming a vampire he would not have to leave me alone. He has spent the last 100 years tracking down and killing those who were there that night. He has only Monolo left. My little brother Julio was with the babysitter that night, and because of that, he lived. He is at our house that still stands. If you feel the need to get out he will welcome you. He is one hundred and two years old and has definitely seen better days but he will know who you are.
***
Ailis could not believe what she was reading. Kenneth was not responsible for what happened to her grandmother. Her breath caught in her throat. She killed him. That bright light she’d created. It had to have killed them both. Again, she felt like something had used her to kill again. If only she could take it back. She felt like she was going to hyperventilate. He did lie to her but she knew, he had no choice at first, she would have never believed him and after what she read in the beginning of the diary she would have run from him. She wanted to die. He was the only man she ever loved and she killed him. No. She thought firmly. Whatever this thing was inside of her killed him and now Ailis was going to have to live with the consequences of her lack of control.
She rolled over in bed and cried her eyes out until she felt numb from it all and fell asleep. She woke with a start a few hours later. There was someone in the house. She could feel them. She couldn't tell who it was as they were blocking their thoughts. She grabbed The Twins from by the bed and tip toed down the stairs. She was shaking as she entered the living room. Someone grabbed her hands and took the guns. “You should know that's not going to help.” He whispered in the dark.  She willed the lights on and she looked up into Kenneth's beautiful face. Tears burst from her eyes and she flung herself into his arms. “I am so sorry.” She cried into the side of his neck.
***
Kenneth was surprised. He thought that she would run when she saw who he was. But here she was in his arms begging for his forgiveness. She felt so right there that he didn't care the reason. All he cared was that she was there.
“How did you know where I was?” She asked him looking up.
“I didn't until a few hours ago.” He replied. “You were doing a great job hiding your thoughts.” He said looking down at her.
“I thought I killed you.” She said, looking down at her hands.
“You almost did.” Kenneth answered. “You are much stronger now than you were before.” Ailis looked like she was going to start crying all over again. “No don't cry.” He said cupping her face with both hands. “I understand why you did it. Monolo made it a point to advise me that you knew who I was.”
She looked at him. “You don't understand Kenneth.” She told him urgently. “I couldn't control it.”
“Don't worry love. We'll figure out how to control it.” He told her. “It's not like I didn't give you a reason.” He said looking down into her eyes. “I just don't understand what has changed your mind now.”
Ailis reached over and handed him the diary. “I read the whole thing and she explained everything.”
Kenneth took the book and looked down at it. “I don't understand.” Kenneth said. “How could she know?” He asked to no one in particular.
“I am going to shower.” Ailis said. “You can finish reading that.” She said over her shoulder as she headed for the bathroom. Kenneth opened the book and began to read. It was odd reading Carmelita’s story. When he finished he just sat there staring into space. All this time he was killing his kind because of the tragedy they caused that night. Now he had one more left and he would be able to go home and forget all of this. His thoughts drifted to Ailis and the fact that she was in the shower. He could just imagine the water slicing down her perfect little body. What was he going to do about her? After he awoke and she was not there he was going crazy not knowing where she was or if she was Okay. He realized then that if she was alive, he would under no circumstances be able to ever let her go. He would just have to pay Collin a visit. He could get there and back before Ailis got out of the shower
***
Collin was sitting in his squad car outside of his house when Kenneth arrived. Collin was worn out. He'd been searching everywhere for Ailis. The last time he saw her was when she told him there was no hope for them. He went back to her house the next day and found it in shambles with police swarming everywhere. There was a fight and it looked like a fire as well. Ailis was nowhere to be found. There was a body discovered in the living room but it turned out to be a local thug who had a record for breaking and entering. From the looks of the place Ailis put up one hell of a fight.
When he pulled her bank records there was a large withdrawal from her checking account that morning but no sign since then of her and Collin was losing his mind. Kenneth caught up to him as he was heading inside. Kenneth called his name and he turned around. “Do I know you?” He asked.
“No.” Kenneth responded “But we have a mutual friend.” He finished.
“Who would that be?” Collin asked suspiciously.
“I am a friend of Ailis'.” Kenneth stated.
“Oh.” Collin answered. “Well, have you seen her? Is she okay?” He asked anxiously.
“She is fine. She went home with me after the break in.” Kenneth answered.
“You are him.” Collin stated. “The one she told me about.”
Kenneth did not know what he meant by that but he went with it. Collin unlocked the door and invited him in. Kenneth followed him to the living room and took a seat as instructed.
“So what happened?” Collin asked after he was seated across from Kenneth.
“I am not sure exactly, I came after she was already gone. From what I could see, someone broke in and all hell broke loose. I guess the idiot thought that as Ailis lived alone she would be an easy target.” Kenneth said.
“Wow. Poor schmuck had no idea who he was messing with.” Collin said with a smirk. “Well.” Collin added. “I will need her to come in for a statement. Why didn't she just call the cops when it happened?” He asked.
“I caught up to her the next day and she was still not herself. I think that the asshole might have tried more than robbing her and she was in shock.” Kenneth answered.
“Oh.” Collin said sounding very weary. “I guess no matter how tough she is, deep down; she is still allowed to get freaked out.” He finished.
“Yeah I'll have her come in and give a statement. I actually came to talk to you about something else.” Kenneth said changing the subject.
“Oh yeah.” Collin answered getting an uneasy feeling. “What's that?”
Kenneth took a deep breath. “I know you are in love with Ailis but so am I. Trust me when I tell you that my very soul will not let her go. I know that you were at her house the other day as I saw you hugging.” Kenneth said bluntly.
“You were there?” Collin asked. “Yes but I left as I saw that she had made her choice. After thinking these past few days, I have realized that I won't live without her. I can't ask that you never see her again as it is her choice who she wants. I just wanted to come and make sure that your intentions with her are good.”
Collin drew in his breath. “Look I love Ailis with every breath in my body and probably will until the day I die but she made it perfectly clear, she had no feelings of that nature for me and sent me on my way.” He told Kenneth.
Kenneth felt the breath leave his lungs. She turned him down even after she knew that he left. “She did?” He asked.
“Yes.” Collin stated. “Apparently, she is in love with someone else.”
Kenneth really couldn't breathe now. “So she didn't choose you then?” He asked again just to clarify, as he still was unsure that he heard the man right.
“Yes.” Collin answered. “She turned me down.” He finished. “Now.” Collin said looking more serious, “What about you? What are your intentions where she is concerned?” He asked Kenneth bluntly.
“Trust me Collin I would die slow and painfully before I would ever see any harm come to one hair on her head.” Kenneth answered.
“Well.” Collin breathed out. “If I can't have her at least I know that she is in good hands.” They said their goodbyes and Kenneth left with a promise to bring Ailis by in a day or two so she could give her statement. When he appeared in Ailis' mother's house she was still in the shower. Man he thought that's a long shower. He was only gone about twenty minutes. He knew she needed to relax but he decided to check on her anyway.
***
Ailis did not know what to think. Here she was again, with Kenneth. What was she going to do? She absently reached down to rub her belly. She really was in a heap of trouble. She was a vampire and pregnant. She was so screwed. She didn't know how long she stood there under the spray rubbing her belly but she had decided that no matter what she would not be walking into the sun. She could actually feel the baby's little movements as her senses were now even stronger than before. All of a sudden she became very dizzy and tried to brace her self on the wall. She would have fallen if Kenneth had not been there that very moment to catch her.
“You are pale.” He said with urgency in his voice. “You haven't eaten at all have you?” He asked her.
Ailis could barley think. “No I have not eaten.” She answered. Kenneth lifted her and carried her to the bed. He started to cut his wrist when Ailis panicked and reached out to stop him. “I can’t.” She told him.
He leaned down and kissed her on her forehead. “Yes you can.” He soothed. “Just trust me love this is what you need.” Ailis relaxed against the pillows and Kenneth took that as her okay. He sliced his wrist and placed it above her mouth. She took his wrist and began to suck timidly at first but as her strength came back so did her boldness. After she had taken enough she released his arm and he licked the wound to heal it. “I went to see Collin.” He told her. She looked up at him alarmed. He just smiled and continued. “I let him know that you are okay but you will need to give a statement.”
“Oh no.” Ailis said. “What will I tell them?” She asked panicked.
“I have that covered. After I woke I found a thug that had been arrested several times and placed him in the house. When the police went there, they assumed that the man broke into your house and you fought back in self-defense.” He answered.
“Where did you get the body?” She asked.
“Don't ask.” Kenneth answered.
Ailis looked up at him just as a huge question came to her. “What about Monolo?” She asked. She knew the answer by the look on his face.
Kenneth took a deep breath. “When I awoke he was gone. My guess is that he ran. But he'll be back.” She rolled over on her side and he joined her. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. “Don't worry love. I'll not let him harm you.” He said soothing her.
“I love you.” She said sounding like she was half asleep. Kenneth smiled. She probably didn't know what she was saying but he liked to hear it all the same. Although after the conversation he just had with Collin, He had reason to have hope. Just before he fell asleep he thought he heard a very small heartbeat. He listened closer but it was gone. Weird, He thought but just that fast he was asleep along side Ailis.
Chapter 10
Ailis awoke the next evening encircled in Kenneth's arms with his legs wrapped around her. She was so confused. She didn't know what to do. Monolo could still be alive and she knew he wouldn't stop until she was either dead or joined him. She would sooner die. Kenneth must have felt her anxiety because his hold on her tightened. He sleepily turned his head and kissed her cheek.
“Don't get yourself upset about things that you cannot change.” He said.
Ailis knew there was nothing that could be done but she couldn't seem to control her feelings. Kenneth's hands were slowly, absently circling her stomach. She knew that she should tell him but couldn't bring herself to do so. What if he was angry? She could not bear the look on his face when he found out. She could smell his arousal in the air and it warmed her that he had not acted on it knowing that she was a mess. She smiled to herself. She however could act all she wanted to. “Kenneth.” She asked.
“Hmm.” He responded absently.
“I want you to make love to me.” She said.
Kenneth's eyes flared with longing before he shook his head. “You have been through too much and are not thinking clearly.” Ailis grabbed the side of his face in each hand and kissed him long and hard with as much passion as she could put into a single kiss.
“Please.” She asked. “Just make me forget for a while.” Kenneth wanted nothing more than to do just that but he didn't want to take advantage of her being upset and confused.
Ailis wasn't taking no for an answer. She slowly kissed the side of his neck and began to move lower and lower. Kenneth lost all self control as Ailis took him into her mouth. She knew exactly what and where to touch in order to throw every ounce of chivalry he had left right out the window.
***
Kenneth could take this no longer. He had her turned over and was in her before she even knew he was going to move. He didn't want to frighten her with the beast that lay hidden within him but all she did was gasp and then smile at him. Kenneth couldn't believe the feelings cascading through him. His blood was rushing way too fast and he felt like he would explode. What was it about this woman that made him feel like he was on the verge of loosing all of the self-control that it took him close to one hundred years to perfect? He could feel every inch of her smooth skin pressed tightly against him. He knew if he didn't regain some of his control soon that he would change fully right in front of her. The last thing in the world he wanted was for her to see him in his true form.
***
Ailis was alive all over. She could feel everything a hundred times stronger than normal. She felt like her skin was on fire and it was scaring her a little bit. Kenneth slowed his thrusts and leaned down close to her ear. “Don't worry love.” He soothed. “You'll get used to it. Your senses are stronger now that's all.” Ailis relaxed a little and Kenneth sped up again. She could almost feel him getting larger by the second. He was covered in sweat and she could tell he was close to losing a battle of some kind that he seemed to be having with himself. She could hear and smell his blood coursing through his veins. Oh, God what a turn on that was. She couldn't help it when her fangs pushed forward. She wanted his blood and she wanted it now.
***
Kenneth could hold out no longer. He was doing fine until he saw her fangs unsheathe themselves. Now the only thought running through his head was the way it would feel if she used them on him. Just when he was going to pull away, Ailis grabbed his arms. Her eyes were blood red and her voice was deep from her arousal. “If you leave me like this right now, I swear to God I will kill you myself.” She growled at him.
“I can't…” He said through clenched teeth. “I can't control myself.”
She looked up at him. “I want you and you want me. So, what's the problem?” She asked seriously.
“You know what I'm capable of.” He answered, fearing he might scare her away if she saw the real vampire within.
Ailis cupped both sides of his face. “Relax.” She said as she leaned up and began to kiss him. First slow and gentle. Kenneth began his thrusts slowly at first but sped up as she deepened her kisses. Ailis stuck her tongue out and scrapped it with the tip of his fang just enough to prick. At the taste of her blood, he went wild thrusting like the beast that he was. Ailis was crying out in ecstasy now, unable to hold it in any longer. She kissed down the side of Kenneth's neck and teased the sensitive nerve endings with her tongue. Kenneth was now calling out as he was thrusting. Ailis could smell and hear his life force running through his veins. She could only think of one thing. She bit down and with the first taste of his blood; all rational thought fled her mind. All she could think of was the feeling of pure ecstasy running through her entire body. He tasted coppery, like blood of course. But beyond that it was like she was taking into her his very essence, his every feeling. It was like his soul was merging with hers.
***
Kenneth was moaning and thrusting like a caged animal. Ailis licked the pinpricks and looked up into his eyes before she turned to the side to give him access to what she knew he needed. Kenneth wanted this so badly, he could already taste her. This was the most intimate thing that vampires could do with each other.
“Are you sure?” He asked, hoping for her sake, she would change her mind.
She turned, looked into his eyes and smiled. “There is no way I would cheat you out of the pleasure that I have just felt.” She answered and again turned her head to the side. Kenneth looked down at her lovely neck for a few moments, a war raging within him before he finally leaned down and teased the sensitive nerve endings at the base of her neck, driving Ailis higher and higher before he sank his teeth in. Just as he did they both broke into orgasm so strong, he wouldn't have been surprised if one of the neighbors called in an earthquake. Kenneth came down next to Ailis and pulled her into his arms. They stayed that way; entangled in each others arms breathing heavily.
***
Kenneth suddenly sat up smacking his tongue like he had a bad taste in his mouth. Ailis was shocked for a moment. But then she laughed. “What? Does my blood taste bad?” She asked chuckling a little.
“No…it's just…something funny.” He leaned back over and rubbed some blood droplets from her wound that he purposefully neglected to heal. Ailis lay down watching him with a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach as he first smelled and then tasted her blood. His eyes widened before he leaned over and placed his hand on her stomach. She jerked and shoved his hands away.
He looked up at her with a shocked expression on his face. “You are pregnant.” He accused, stating a fact that he knew was true but had no idea how. He could see on her face that she was upset. “You knew!” He stated getting angry.
“I did.” She answered with her head down.
“Why did you not tell me?” He was nearly yelling now.
Ailis lost it at the tone of his voice. “I…don't know. I knew you would be mad. I didn't feel like adding this to the rest of the crap that I'm dealing with right now.” She stated as started to get out of bed. Kenneth reached out and grabbed her arm to stop her progress. “I didn't know this would happen.” She said on a sigh, not looking at him; a lone tear sliding down her cheek. Traitor. She thought to her body before finishing. “I thought that vampires couldn't have children.”
“Shit.” Kenneth cursed out loud. He'd made her cry again. He was such an idiot. He could tell she was just being tough and was probably cussing out that tear at that very moment and here he was, acting like a first class jack ass. He pulled her into his arms. “I'm sorry. I'm not mad, I was just shocked. I have never heard of a vampire having a child.”
Ailis looked up at him. “Monolo said it's not the men that have the problem; they are perfectly healthy. It's the women. He said that the change renders them sterile. But as I was born a hybrid, I am still able to get pregnant.” Kenneth was looking at her with a stern expression. “I didn't tell him.” She said. “He just knew.”
Kenneth shook his head. “If Monolo wanted you before he will never rest until he has you now.” Kenneth said.
“Why.” Ailis asked, not sure if she really wanted the answer.
“Now that he knows you are fertile, he also knows any children you have with a vampire will be fertile as well. Imagine being able to have children that are born like us and not made. It would be great for normal vampires but Monolo would think of what he could do if he was able to train a vampire from birth.”
“Oh.” She stated. “We are so screwed.” Kenneth looked down at her stomach. He reached over and spread his hand out on it. He could feel the baby now. He started to chuckle.
“What?” Ailis asked.
He looked up but kept his hand on her stomach. “Last night I though that I heard two heart beats. Then the other was gone.” He answered.
“I don't get it.” Ailis said confused.
Kenneth chuckled again. “She was hiding from me.” He said. “She wasn't ready for me to know that she was here yet.” He finished.
“She.” Ailis said sitting up.
“She.” Kenneth confirmed with a smile. “And she'll be every bit as powerful as her mother. You are the only person I have ever met that can cloak her presence from me.” Ailis had tears in her eyes.
“What's wrong baby?” Kenneth asked.
“This just isn't happening the way I always imagined it would.”
Kenneth took her into his arms. “Listen.” He said. “We are going to have a baby. We are going to be parents. This is the greatest day of my life.” He assured her.
“You're not mad.” She asked.
“Of course I'm not.” He said. “I always wanted to have children.” He continued. “I knew that by becoming vampire I was giving up my chance to ever be a father.” He told her. “But you did it anyway so that you wouldn't have to leave my grandmother alone.” Ailis asked him.
“If I called off the wedding because of her indiscretion it would have ruined her. I knew what I was going to do and I thought that at least I could raise the child as my own. My greatest dream has come true today. I thought I would never be a father.” He finished.
“I guess.” Ailis said. “If you can't pick the mother you want, you can at least have a child.”
Kenneth cupped her face with both of his hands. “Ailis, do you love me?” He asked as he looked in her eyes.
“Well…Uh…we haven't even known each other that long and…” She started.
“Ailis.” Kenneth cut her off. “Do you love me?”
Ailis looked away for a moment and Kenneth thought that she was going to say no.
“Yes.” She said as if she was ashamed. “I know it's stupid and I know you don't….” He cut her off by kissing her deeply with all of the emotions that he felt.
“Ailis, you stupid woman, how could you think that I don't love you? I love you with all of my soul.” He answered when he raised his head.
“But you told me to marry Collin.” She said totally confused.
“Yes.” He said. “I didn't think that you could ever love me back. I love you so much.” He said in between kissing her, “and now we are going to have a baby, we will be a family. We can have lots of babies, a whole house full of babies.”
Ailis laughed. “Don't get ahead of your self now. Let's get this one here first.” She laughed.
“So you'll do it?” He asked excitedly.
“Of course I will.” She replied. “I knew from the first moment I saw your face that I wanted to spend eternity with you.”
Kenneth felt like he would cry. (If that were something he did of course) He kissed her repeatedly and gathered her into his arms. After a few minutes Ailis looked up at him. “I want you to take me home with you.” She said. “I need to see my uncle.”
“Your uncle?” He asked. “You mean Julio?”
“Yes.” Ailis stated. “You know him?” She asked.
“Yes, I look after him. Why do you need to see him?” He asked.
“My grandmother told me to go and see him.” She answered. Kenneth cocked an eyebrow at her.
“It's crazy, I know but she talks to me sometimes.” She stated pointing at her temple for emphasis. Kenneth smiled. He already knew that Carmelita wasn't dead, so it wasn't that crazy to him. Besides, she said. “That's where your home is right?” She asked.
“Well,  yes.” Kenneth answered.
“That's where you belong right.” She added.
“Of course.” He answered with indignation.
“Then that's where I belong.” Kenneth looked into her eyes. “Where you go, I go.” She said.
Kenneth hugged her tightly to him. “I love you so much.” He said.
Ailis smiled. “You have just made me the happiest woman in the world. I love you too.”
Kenneth covered them up and kissed her on her forehead as he pulled her into his arms. “Get some sleep my love. Tonight we go home.”
***
Ailis awoke in Kenneth's arms. She felt wonderful. The feeling didn't last however, as she and Kenneth both felt an enormous urgency to get back to Miami, so that Ailis could wrap up her life there. Ailis suggested that they take a plane, as it's faster that driving, Kenneth had other plans. “What do you mean time travel?” Ailis asked. “You mean that you can go forward and back in time?”
“No.” He stated. “We can manipulate the time line laterally and move from one place to another swiftly.” He answered.
“We can all do that?” She asked. “Sure. You will learn in time.” He stated.
“Is it safe…for the baby?” Ailis asked nervously, placing her hand on her belly.
“Yes.” He said as he kissed her on the forehead. “The baby will be fine.” He stated. “Are you ready?” He asked.
“I'm nervous.” She stated shaking a little.
Kenneth smiled down at her. “Just relax and hold my hand.” She did and immediately felt a pull in her stomach. She felt like she was being pulled through a wormhole. As suddenly as the feeling started, it was gone. When she opened her eyes, she was in her grandmother's house.
The living room was a wreck. You could definitely tell that a war went on. It took her all night to clean things up. It was getting close to sunrise when she finished with all that could be cleaned and repaired without calling a contractor. She and Kenneth went to the attic to watch the sunrise. Kenneth stood behind Ailis and wrapped his arms around her. He loved that he could see the sun again and it was all because of her. He kissed her on the top of her head. “I'm putting you in charge of getting all the windows in my house fitted with this stuff.” He advised her.
“That reminds me.” She said. “I was wondering.”
“Uh Oh.” Kenneth teased. “What's going on in that pretty little head of yours?” He asked.
“Don't tease.” She said. “I was wondering if I could still go into the sun.”
Kenneth's eyes enlarged. “Don't even think about it.” He said seriously.
“No. No. Listen for a minute.” She interrupted. “What would happen if say, the sun touches my hand for say just a second?” She asked.
“It would be like massive sunburn.” He responded.
“I was thinking; I have always been able to go into the sun, Why not now?” She reasoned.
“I don't think that this is a good idea.” He said.
“I need to know.” She told him. “I can just crack the window and see if it burns my hand.” She said.
“Okay.” He said. “But at the first tingle or sign of pain, you better close the window.” He warned.
“I will.” She promised. Kenneth went over and hid behind the long billowing curtains. Ailis took a deep breath and reached up to unlock the window. She was shaking. She stepped to the side and cracked the window. She closed her eyes and reached out her hand so that it was directly under the sunlight. She felt the warmth immediately but that was it. No pain. She opened her eyes and looked at her hand. It looked normal. She looked back at Kenneth. “Nothing.” she said.
His eyes were wide. “What do you mean nothing?” He asked.
“I mean that it feels normal. No burning.” She answered. She closed the window back. “Do you want to try?” She asked.
“No. What do you mean? I can't go into the sun.” He said.
“Well I was thinking also that if your blood gives me more strength then maybe; my blood passed some things on to you.” She answered.
“I don't think I want to try that. No I don't.” Kenneth answered while shaking his head. He'd just found his reason for living and was definitely not ready to die yet.
Ailis crossed the room and grabbed his hand. “You don't have to do it now if you don’t want to. I'm sure the pain is rather bad.” She responded.
“It is.” Kenneth agreed, “ I try to avoid it when I can.” He finished.
“I need to call a Realtor, a contractor and go see Collin.” Ailis suddenly stated as if she were simply going to go to the grocery store.
“Now!” Kenneth nearly yelled. “No you can't go now. Let's wait until tonight and I can go with you.” He pleaded.
“Don't be silly.” Ailis answered shrugging off his concern. “It's perfectly safe. Besides,  Monolo can't go out until after dark.”
Kenneth thought about that for a moment. She had a point. It wasn't like she couldn't handle anything else that came up. She was capable and didn't need his mothering. Relinquishing some of his control was going to give him a heart attack. “Okay.” He agreed. “But be back before dark.” He tried to make it an order but knew that with Ailis that it didn’t make a difference.
“Don't worry.” She said. “You go sleep and I'll be back before you know it.” After Ailis left, Kenneth took a shower and went to try to get some sleep. There was nothing to worry about. He kept reminding himself. Monolo can't be of any danger until after dark.
***
Ailis stopped by the real estate office and put her house up for sale. She advised the agent that she was leaving the country and arranged for the agents to advise her of everything that was going on. After that she headed to the police department to see Collin and make her report. Collin was very frustrated and had a ton of questions. After she finished her report, Collin had his own line of questioning.
“Who is this guy?” He asked.
Ailis improvised. “He is a friend of my grandmother's family. I met him when she died. He was sent as a representative of his family to see if I needed any help.” She told him.
“And he just decided to stick around?” Collin asked suspiciously.
“We hit it off really well and he decided that he needed a vacation.” She answered.
“Why did none of us know about him?” Collin asked.
“I like to keep my personal life personal.” Ailis answered sounding a little annoyed. “Okay. Okay.” He said holding up his hands in surrender. “One last question?” He asked.
“What?” She said in the middle of a sigh.
“Are you happy?” Collin asked quietly.
Ailis sat there for a moment and then smiled. “Yes, I am happier than I have ever been.” She answered.
“Okay.” He said after a few moments of silence in which Ailis held her breath. She hated the awkwardness she felt between them. She’s always really liked Collin. Just not romantically. “I really am happy for you. I just wish that you didn't have to leave.” He finished sadly.
Ailis looked up and placed her hand on his knee. “Honey, do you think that it would be the best idea for me to stay?” She asked him honestly.
“Probably not.” He answered. “Will you at least keep in touch?” He asked.
“Of course I will.” She assured him knowing that it was probably a lie. After Ailis formally put in her resignation and said all of her goodbyes, she headed for Kraze to see Maya. She couldn’t leave without saying goodbye to Maya. She and Tito were very happy for Ailis. She and Ailis cried heavily as they said their goodbyes. They'd become fast friends upon her arrival in Miami and Ailis knew she would never be able to replace her. She really hoped Maya could come to visit one day. They were both now immortal and Ailis knew they had plenty of time to visit back and forth. It had been a long day and she was ready to go home. Well, not home yet. Madrid was her new home. She was so excited and was so busy with her thoughts that she almost didn't feel his presence when she entered the alley her bike was parked in.
When Ailis looked up, Monolo was standing at the end of the alley right in front of her bike. She just stood there like an idiot, staring at him. She was suddenly pissed that in her rush to leave the house to set her affairs in order, she'd left The Twins hanging by her bed. How careless. She was never that careless. Not that they would kill him but the slowing him down part was a perk.
“Surprised are you?” Monolo asked.
His voice was exactly the same as when she watched him attacking his grandmother. Low, yet menacing. As if her were picturing exactly what he was about to do to you in great detail and was in anticipation. “Of course I'm surprised.” Ailis answered proud that her voice didn’t waiver once. “It is daytime.”
“Your blood has done amazing things to me.” He answered.
“Really, like what?” She asked. Stupid question. She thought.
“Like the fact that I am able to stay in the sun for short periods of time. Not direct sunlight of course but it's a start. I just know that if I drink more the effects will only get better.” He answered.
Ailis only stared at him. “Come on Ailis. Why don't you join with me? I'm not all that bad. Think of the great things we could do. All the power we would wield. I would treat you like the queen that you are.” He tried to bargain with her.
“Why would I join someone who wants to enslave weaker vampires and humans alike?” She asked obnoxiously. “You are evil and I want nothing to do with you.”
That made him angry. “Suit yourself he said. Either way I will have your blood.” Then he launched himself at her. She closed her eyes tight and willed herself to her bedroom. She felt the pull and when it stopped, she opened her eyes and Kenneth was at her side looking her up and down hysterically for damage. “What's wrong? What has happened?” He asked.
“I did it.” She said amazed.
“Did what?” He asked. Not having any idea why she just appeared and what made her even attempt.
“I did it.” She said again. “I wanted to be here and poof. Here I am.” She said excitedly.
“Okay. I get it.” Kenneth said impatiently. “But why did you “poof” instead of just drive?”
Ailis’ eyes enlarged to the size of saucers. “Oh yeah, I forgot. I saw Monolo right out in broad daylight.” She said looking up at him.
“What!” Kenneth yelled. “How is this possible?” He asked.
“He said that thanks to my blood he could stay in the sun. He said not direct light but he said that if he had more, he thinks the effects will only get better. Then he tried to beg me to join him. And when I refused he launched himself at me.” She answered. “That's when I poofed in.” She finished.
***
“That son of a bitch!” Kenneth swore as he started to pace the room. “I will drain him myself.” He turned around to face Ailis. “We need to go home. I need more help.”
“Who will help us?” She asked.
“I have a lot of friends on my side who think that Monolo is a fanatical freak.” He answered.
“Well.” Ailis said. “I am done and ready to go when you are.” She told him.
Kenneth looked at his watch and calculated the time difference. “It will be daylight there soon, so we can go to my house. I am sure you'll want to be rested when you meet your uncle for the first time.” Kenneth told her.
“Okay.” Ailis said and in the next moment they were standing in the middle of a huge library with thousands of books.
Chapter 11
“Wow!” Ailis exclaimed. “This is amazing.”
“This is just the library.” Kenneth said.
Ailis whistled. “It would take a long time to read all of these.” She said. “Have you read them all?”
“Sure.” He said “A few times.”
“Can I see the rest of the house?” She asked.
“Oh. I'm sorry, of course.” He said. They spent the next few hours touring the house. Each room was more amazing than the last.
“This is so beautiful.” Ailis exclaimed.
“Thanks.” Kenneth answered “But it's yours now as well.”
Ailis stopped to look at the ball room. “This is an amazing room for parties or something. Do you ever have parties here?” She asked.
“Not in a long time.” He said.
“Why not, do you not like to have people running around your house?” She asked.
“No. actually I love having a house full of people but I am no good at playing hostess.”
“Oh.” She said laughing a little. “Hey.” She said. “What kind of police force do you have here?”
“Normal I guess. Why?” He asked.
“So that I can get a new job silly seeing as I am now jobless.” She answered.
“You don't have to work. Do you?” He asked. “I can more that provide for us.” He finished.
“That reminds me, what do you do for a living?” She asked kind of disappointed in herself for not thinking to ask sooner. What if he did something illegal?
“I don’t really do anything anymore.” He answered. “I bought a few thousand stocks in the waste management industry about forty years ago. It kind of blew up. Who knew people like to have their garbage disposed of.”
Ailis laughed. “How many shares do you own?” She asked.
“About 300,000 shares.” He answered.
“Wow. Do you do anything else?” She asked in awe. She had no idea she’d just hit the jackpot.
“I own a few castles here that have been turned into lavish hotels. I live pretty well off of my investments. So you see; you don't really have to get another job.” He said. “Besides,” He continued, pressing his hand over her stomach. “I thought that we would be too busy raising a house full of kids.”
Ailis laughed. “We’ll see. But, I'm used to working. I could get bored.” She warned.
“I think I can think of some things to keep you busy.” He said playfully.
Ailis laughed. “You know your sort of fun to be around.” She told him.
“I would hope so.” He said on a chuckle. They were moving to the upstairs bedrooms now.
“There are so many doors.” Ailis said. Kenneth stopped at a door close to the end of the hallway.
“This,” He said as he opened the door “will be the nursery.” It was a very large room already set up as a nursery with beautiful antique furniture.
This confused Ailis. “Why is it set up as a nursery?” She asked.
“This house was my father's.” He explained. “This was my nursery. I later moved down the hall when I was older.”
“Why?” She asked.
“Well the nursery is right off the master bedroom and my parents planned to have more children so they wanted any babies to be close to them.” Ailis continued to look around. Kenneth thought that maybe she didn't like it. “You can change anything you like.” He said. “We will go buy anything that you need.”
Ailis stood on her toes and kissed his cheek. “I love it just the way it is. You slept in that bed. If it was good enough for you, then it's certainly good enough for our daughter.”
Kenneth felt like his heart would explode. After all this time he was finally happy. Now to see when the other shoe was going to drop. He looked at his watch. “Well, we have about four hours until dark. We should get some sleep.” Ailis followed Kenneth to a set of double doors on the other side of the room. When he opened them, she was in awe. The master bedroom was almost as big as her house. It had the biggest four poster bed she had ever seen. There was red silk everywhere and black billowing curtains covering the windows
“Wow, your room is gorgeous.” She exclaimed.
“It’s yours to now.” Kenneth answered. “Come on. Let's get some sleep.” Funny thing was; they didn't get much sleep.
***
That night, as Kenneth and Ailis stood outside her grandmother's childhood home, Ailis felt like running away. Kenneth could feel her nervousness. He reached out and squeezed her hand. “Don't worry baby.” He said. “It will be fine.”
Just then the door opened. A very old and very frail man was on the other side.
“Hi.” Ailis started but he cut her off.
“Ailis, thank the Gods you're here.” He said as he pulled her into a hug. Ailis was bewildered. “We thought you'd never get here.” He said. “Lissy said you'd be here soon but I was so worried. Come, Come.” He said heading into the hall. “We have much to talk about.”
As they followed him in Ailis looked at Kenneth. “Lissy?” She mouthed to him as a question.
Kenneth shrugged his shoulders as if he had no idea what the old man was talking about but he knew exactly who Lissy was. He also knew that Ailis had a very big surprise coming. Kenneth started to take a seat outside the parlor door assuming that this would require some privacy. Julio stopped him. “No. No. Hondi.” He said. “You go to. “Lissy wants to see both of you.” They were ushered into the parlor to take a seat. “Lissy will be here in a minute” Julio said as he left.
Ailis cocked her eyebrow at Kenneth. “Hondi?” She said trying not to laugh.
“Yes.” He said giving her a playful glare. “He was two when everything happened. He couldn't say Alejandro.”
“I think it's cute.” She answered sincerely. “Do you know who Lissy is?” She asked. Before he could answer, the parlor door opened and in walked Carmelita.
Ailis' mouth fell open. “That is Lissy.” Kenneth said.
Carmelita smiled. “Everyone called me by my middle name.” She said. “Julio couldn't say Ailis. The name just kind of stuck, the same as Hondi.” She said looking over at Kenneth.
Kenneth walked over and hugged her. “It's so good to see you.” She said. “I see you have been taking wonderful care of my granddaughter.” Kenneth turned beet red and looked like he was going to say something but Ailis interrupted.
“Hello!” She almost shouted. They both turned to her. “Can someone please tell me what on earth is going on here?” She pleaded.
Kenneth was at her side in a moment. “I'm sorry baby.” He said. “This must be a really big shock to you.”
“You think?” She retorted. “Wait. You knew.” She accused.
Kenneth looked back at Carmelita. “I suspected.” He said with a laughed.
“I'll explain everything.” Carmelita said to Ailis. “Right now, you give your Abuela a hug.” She embraced her granddaughter. Ailis looked over at Kenneth with a bewildered expression on her face. Carmelita pulled back. “Have a seat dear. It's going to be a long night.”
Ailis sat back down. “I don't understand. You faked your death?” She asked.
“Yes.” Carmelita answered.
“Why would you do such a thing?” Ailis asked trying to keep herself from crying. “I was devastated. First mom last year and then you, I almost didn't get through it.”
Carmelita took a long breath before she answered. “After your mother died, I knew I had to do this.” She answered.
“Why?” Ailis asked.
“This is going to be hard for you to hear, but your mother's death was not an accident.” Carmelita answered. Kenneth listened quietly. He had suspected this all along.
“What do you mean?” Ailis asked getting angry. She had a feeling she wasn't going to like the answer.
"After your mother died, I went to the impound yard and looked over your mothers car. I knew immediately that Monolo had been in her car.” Carmelita answered.
“What!” Ailis yelled. Carmelita held up her hand for silence. Ailis wanted to hit the roof. Kenneth reached over and took her hand. She heard his voice in her head.
“Calm down and hear what she has to say, love. I'm right beside you.” Ailis visibly calmed down.
Carmelita continued. “I found her diary. She wrote that the day before her death a strange man came up to her and said he was a vampire and that she was to join him. He gave her twenty-four hours to make up her mind. She laughed it off and called him a poor delusional drunk.” Ailis saw red. Her blood was boiling and her body was shaking. Carmelita placed her hand on Ailis knee. “Calm down dear. I know you are upset but if we are going to be able to use this vast amount of power you have inside, you are going to have to learn how to control this. Don't let it control you Ailis.” Her grandmother told her firmly.
Ailis took a couple of deep breaths and when she felt more in control, she wanted nothing more than to finally know the truth. “I know.” She began, “that you are over one hundred years old. If you were pregnant at the time that you were attacked then that would mean my mother was almost as old.” She finished.
“You are correct.It seems that the blood I was forced to ingest during Monolo’s attack changed me in some ways. I don’t know if it is because I am a witch or if it is because I was pregnant. Your mother was affected even more during the attack. Beto and I started noticing her powers within weeks of her birth when normally a witch’s powers don’t show up until around the age of one or two.” Carmelita answered.
“Your mother could have been one of the most powerful witches on the planet.” Carmelita went on. “Instead she chose to let her fear rule her and she ran after your father passed.” She finished sadly.
“Why was it I was never told of this?” Ailis wanted to know.
“I was in the process of your training when your mother found out and took you away. After your father died, your mother lost her will to survive really. She had always hated what she was and where she came from. How she came to be.” Carmelita explained while Ailis listened trying to process all of this new information without interrupting. “ She wanted you to be normal. She was hoping the diluting of the blood would mean you would be normal and when she found out you were not only had power but that yours was even stronger than hers, she was sure that if you practiced someone would want them for themselves one day. So she took off. She cut everyone and everything from her past out of her life. She was determined to hide you at all costs.” Carmelita responded to her question.
“I see.” Ailis answered. “Why is it that you didn't just come to me and tell me when Mother died?” She asked.
“Would you have believed me?” Carmelita asked. “No you would have thought that I was off my rocker.” She went on as Ailis opened her mouth to interrupt her. “ You had to see for yourself. There is more to the story.” Carmelita continued. “More that is even more unbelievable than everything you have ever heard.” She finished.
“What about Kenneth? What was his purpose?” Ailis asked.
“I realized that I was wrong about him.” Carmelita answered. “I knew that he would give his life to protect you.” She went on. “I needed to know you were safe until it was time for you to know everything.”
“Okay.” Ailis said looking over at Kenneth. “I am ready to know the truth, all of it.”
Carmelita took a deep breath. “Do you remember the stories I told you when you were little, the ones with Morgaine and Arthur?” She asked.
“Of course I do.” Ailis answered. “You used to tell me of them when I was going to sleep. What do those old stories have to do with anything?”
“Well,” Carmelita started. “They have everything to do with this.”
Kenneth was completely confused now. “Do you mean Arthur Pendragon and Morgan Le Fay?” He asked.
Carmelita looked back at him. “I can see I am going to need to start from the beginning.” She said.
Ailis leaned back on the couch. “You'd better get comfortable.” She said to Kenneth. “This could take all night.”
Carmelita glared at her granddaughter and started speaking. “Her name was Morgaine, not Morgan and Arthur was her half brother. Their mother was told before his birth that Arthur was destined to be the greatest king the world had ever known. She was told her son would possess a very special soul. One that could walk in all realms of existence. Morgaine and Arthur’s mother had two sisters. The oldest of which was Vivian, also known as the Lady of the Lake (The title given to the current ruling queen of Avalon.) The youngest of the three was Morgause. Arthur's mother and Morgause were the daughters of Merlin.”
“So wait.” Ailis stopped her. “Merlin was King Arthur's grandfather?”
“That's right.” She said. “When Morgaine was ten, she and Arthur were sent to be trained as was the custom in those days for pagan children. Morgaine was sent to Avalon to train with the Lady of the Lake. Morgaine was chosen to take her aunt’s place as the High Priestess of Avalon. Arthur was sent to train with Merlin.” Carmelita turned to Kenneth. “Have you heard the stories of how Mordred was conceived?” She asked him.
“Of course I've heard that nonsense.” He answered. “That's the one where Mordred is the illegitimate son of Arthur and Morgan Le Fey.”
“It's close.” Carmelita answered. “Mordred was their legitimate son, but as I said they had been separated and didn't know who each other was. They met at a pagan mating ritual. One didn't know the other, as was the custom of the ritual.”
“So it was an accident?” Ailis asked.
“No.” Carmelita said. “Vivian and Merlin hatched a plan. You see Christianity was becoming more common and Christians saw the old way as barbaric. Vivian knew that should anything happen to Arthur, his successor would have to be born and taught of the old faith, with loyalty to the Goddess.” Carmelita finished.
Ailis was confused. “I don't understand.” She said. “If Arthur was of the old faith and had made Camelot such a wonderful place where Christians and pagans alike could live in peace, why wouldn't the Lady of the Lake trust him to train his successor to honor all of that as well?”
“Vivian could see into the future.” Carmelita answered. “And what she saw scared her. You see, Arthur was to marry Guinevere, a Christian unwavering in her beliefs that pagans were evil. Vivian knew that if she had a son, she would teach him to fear and hate the people of Avalon. She thought that if Morgaine became pregnant from the mating that she would raise the child as a true Avalonian and when the time was right, they could reveal the true birth father. She never dreamed that Morgaine would find out about this and feel so truly dirty and betrayed that she would never be able to raise Mordred let alone forgive her aunt and return to Avalon.”
“Well duh!” Ailis said. “It was her brother! I would have been angry to if my aunt had done that to me.” She finished.
“You have to understand.” Carmelita continued. “In those days cousins married each other. The way Viviane saw it; Morgaine and Arthur were only half siblings. How was she to know the amazingly close relationship that they had formed in the few short years they were together before they were separated? She thought that she was doing the best thing for Avalon. To mix Arthur’s blood and the blood of Morgaine would make and even stronger and more powerful Avalonian. Morgaine felt so betrayed by one aunt that she trusted the other, which turned out to be the downfall of both Camelot and Avalon.” Carmelita continued.
“Morgause was very powerful but also very greedy. She raised Mordred to hate Arthur so much that he even joined forces with his enemies. Vivian showed herself to Mordred and thinking it would help bring him to his senses, she told him who his real father was. This didn't help. This fed Mordred’s hatred of Arthur even more. He didn't believe Arthur didn’t know about him. Vivian spent all of these years plotting and planning to do what she thought was best for Avalon. It wasn't until Mordred mortally wounded Arthur that she realized it was all for nothing. Along with Arthur, both Camelot and Avalon died as well.” Ailis and Kenneth were transfixed so Carmelita continued.
“Arthur begged Morgaine to take him home to die. When they got to the veil between the two realms of earth and Avalon, they would not part for Morgaine. It was then that she and Arthur realized they had been banished. Arthur knew they were long past forgiveness and redemption. He lifted Excalibur to Morgaine. Give it back to her. He said. Morgaine never thought to ask why for she already knew. The sword was a gift from the Goddess to Arthur on the eve of his coronation. Arthur was dying and it needed to go back to its rightful owner.
“Morgaine lifted the sword above her head and chucked it into the mist. Arthur's last words were his apology to Morgaine and the Goddess for being so blind to the motives of his family. Morgaine buried him at the bottom of the hill near Glastonbury Abbey. Where they used to play as children. She went to live at the convent where her mother was The Mother Superior.
When her mother died she left and went back to the family home. Morgaine married later and had three more children. The story my mother told me was that she lived out the rest of her days teaching all that she learned in Avalon, in hopes that one day her family would right what had been wronged and the veil would once again part so that future generations would know what it was like to live in paradise.” Carmelita finished somberly.
“Wow.” Ailis said, her mouth still hanging open.
“That has to be the saddest story I ever heard. But I still have no idea what the story has to do with any of this.” She ended.
Carmelita stayed silent a moment and then began again. “It is written that Morgaine had three daughters. Kiera; was named after Morgaine's dearest friend in Avalon. After the veil closed, she never saw her again. Igrain was named after Morgaine and Arthur’s mother and the third daughter was given Morgaine’s middle name. She was called Ailis.” She finished.
“Whoa…Boa…wait a minute.” Kenneth interrupted. “Are you saying that you and Ailis are direct descendants of Morgaine?”
“That's correct.”  Carmelita answered.
Ailis sat silent a moment. “So are you saying that I am a direct descendant of Merlin?” She asked her grandmother. 
“Yes you are.” Carmelita answered. “We are direct descendants of the people of Avalon.” She concluded.
“Hold on a freaking minute.” Ailis started. “The people of Avalon, You mean the fey?” She asked her grandmother, disbelief evident in her tone. Carmelita only nodded. “I'm a God damned fairy!” Ailis exclaimed, freaking out a bit.
“Well. Yes.” Carmelita answered. “You are the first full blooded Avalonian born in over sixteen-hundred years.” She told Ailis as she sat with her mouth agape.
Ailis looked over at Kenneth and saw him attempting to hide his smile. What the hell did he think was so funny? Ailis breathed deeply, processing the information before speaking. “So, this thing inside me that takes over, it's a fairy?” She asked her grandmother.
“No.” Her grandmother stated. “That is the Goddess you hold within you.” Seeing the confused look on both Ailis and Kenneth's faces, she continued to explain. “All Avalonians have power. The Queen of the Avalonians however, carries a piece of the Goddess within her. It is a blessing and a curse.” Carmelita finished heaviness in her voice.
“How” Ailis asked. Not sure if she wanted the answer.
“Holding her vengeance within you can be a powerful tool against enemies of Avalon. The Queen is given this gift in order to protect her people but if the Queen is not strong enough to control that vengeance, it will control her as it did Morgaine.” She explained to Ailis.
She remembered the two vamps she'd taken out and how she'd nearly killed Kenneth, twice. She started to panic. Kenneth must have noticed because he reached out and squeezed her hand, effectively calming her down. “What makes you think I can control it any better than Morgaine did?” She asked Carmelita.
Carmelita smiled and pointed to their joined hands. “Because, you have something Morgaine never did.” She answered.
“What's that?” Ailis asked way confused. What could beat a lifetime of training and knowledge?”
“Your soul mate.” Carmelita answered, looking them both in the eyes. “What do you feel when you think about Kenneth?” She asked Ailis.
Ailis looked over at Kenneth and could tell he was holding his breath awaiting her answer. She knew he loved her but God this was still embarrassing. What if he didn't love her as strongly and completely as she did him? What if he didn't feel as deeply for her? What if he didn't feel the same soul deep connection? She looked back at her grandmother and answered, hoping she wasn't making a complete fool of herself. “I feel like he is the other half of me.” Kenneth had a look of relief cross his face and Ailis felt more at ease.
“Don't be embarrassed. You are supposed to feel that way.” She told them. “You were made for each other by the Goddess. He is the light to your dark as you are to his. Apart, your souls would destroy themselves but together, they flourish and soar.” She went on. “Do not fret child for I see that he calms you already. Together we can defeat Monolo and his followers. Now that Monolo knows that a witch who received a blood exchange while pregnant can give birth to children who can conceive children with vampires, he will stop at nothing to hunt every witch with child and make sure that there are more of you created. He will use them to continue to build his army.” Her grandmother went on to say.
“How do you know all of this?” Ailis asked.
“I know more than you think”. She answered.
***
“I have been thinking.” Kenneth started.” We need our own police force so to speak. We need to be able to defend ourselves as well as others.” He went on as he stood to pace the room. “We need to combine the forces of all witches and vampires that are not loyal to Monolo.” He continued, still pacing. “We need to be able to find and teach all witches about this risk before it is too late.”
“You read my mind.” Carmelita answered. “We will need all the help we can get for the path that now lies ahead of us. This is going to be a difficult journey but I have it on good authority that Avalon will be so worth it.” Carmelita went on. “ We have much to do but we aren't going to get all of it done tonight. You two get home and get some sleep. Ailis looks like she is ready to fall over. She needs her rest now that you guys are going to give me another granddaughter.” She said, winking as she left the room with them standing there with their mouths hanging open.
Ailis turned to Kenneth and punched him in the arm. “Ow. What was that for?” He protested playfully.
“That was for laughing at me. What was so funny?” She asked him.
Kenneth smiled down at her. “Oh Nothing” He stated, leaning in and kissing her softly on her lips. “Nothing at all my little fairy queen.” He told her on a chuckle. She mock punched him again and they both laughed.
Chapter 12
The next few months were very busy. Kenneth was working so hard contacting witches and vampires alike to recruit for their new police force. Ailis was meeting new member's everyday. Kenneth even asked for her help as she had a lot of experience with the inner workings of a police department. Their ranks were growing every day and Ailis so hoped that they could defeat Monolo in the end. They all knew at the same time they were training and initiating new members, Monolo was doing the same thing.
Ailis started having strange dreams. She dreamed the same thing nearly every night. She was walking along the beach with a woman in her late thirties with flowing black hair. She did not know how but she knew that this was Morgaine. There was a young boy, about ten or eleven running ahead of them playing with a toy wooded sword. When he got too far ahead of her she would call to him. “Arthur. Stay where I can see you.”
He would turn back and call “I'm in the middle of a battle right now.”
Morgaine would laugh and address Ailis. “He thinks he'll save us all one day. All by himself. He has never been the sort to ask for help.”
“I don't understand.” Ailis would say. “Why is Arthur always a little boy?”
“The dead can't tell you everything.” Morgaine would answer. “We can only give hints and hope that you figure it out.” Just then she heard a girl yell over the hill. She looked up to see three girls varying in age from five to sixteen.
“Mother.” The oldest called. “It is time for supper.” Ailis looked back at Morgaine.
“Are those your daughters?” She asked.
“Yes.” Morgaine answered. “This is my family.” She turned and called to Arthur. “Come Arthur.” Arthur ran up the hill and started to pretend that he was sword fighting with the girls who wanted no part of it.
“Mother!” They yelled. “Arthur won't leave us alone.” Morgaine laughed to herself and began to walk over the hill.
“Wait.” Ailis called, running after her. “What if I can't figure it out?” She asked.
Morgaine turned back and smiled. “You will.” She said. “You are closer than you think.” Then she was gone and Ailis was left alone on the beach.
***
Ailis told Kenneth and her grandmother about the dreams, hoping they could help her figure them out but they didn't know what they meant either. “Maybe, Morgaine always saw Arthur as her little brother that needed to be protected.” Kenneth suggested.
Ailis shook her head. “I thought of that but she says that the dead can only give hints. So she knows that she is dead. Arthur died before her so of course she knows he is dead. When she speaks of him to me she says that he thinks he will save us all one day.”
“Maybe,” Carmelita suggested. “It's not about Arthur at all. Maybe it's about her daughters.”
“I thought of that as well.” Ailis answered. “But the longer I have the dreams the more vivid Arthur becomes while the rest, even Morgaine seems to be out of focus. It seems like its Arthur that I'm supposed to pay attention to. It's driving me crazy.” Ailis answered frustrated.
“Relax.” Carmelita told her. “The answer will come to you. Most of the time the answer we seek the most; is the one we cannot find.”
“What is that supposed to mean. You and your riddles,” Ailis said frustrated.
“I think she means, the more you look for it the more it eludes you.” Kenneth said reaching up to rub her shoulders where tension had begun to gather. “Kind of like when you look all over the house for the remote and when you finally give up and sit down, you realize that you have sat on it.” He finished talking over her shoulder with a chuckle.
“I guess.” She said. Needing to change the subject, she asked how things were with the team. Kenneth went over all of the new developments. They were really doing quite well. Considering they really had no idea what they were preparing for. They’d been able to find numerous witches before Monolo could. Others were not as fortunate and every one they lost ate at Ailis as if a piece of her very self had been torn off. She was determined to get them all back. Their Intel had revealed the witches were being held in a concentration camp of sorts but they had not been able to get the location as of yet.
They had double agents in place but so far they had been unable to get anything further. Apparently, Monolo had difficulty trusting anyone with his secrets. They did however find out that Monolo's base of operation was near Bath, England. Ailis knew that was a big problem as they were in Spain and Monolo was thousands of miles away in England.
“I say we go to England.” Ailis said interrupting Kenneth. “Not to Bath but somewhere close enough to be able to watch him but not close enough for him to know we are there.” Kenneth started to shake his head but Ailis raised her hand. “Like it or not this is turning into a war and Monolo knows exactly where we are and what we are up to. If he chooses to make an assault lets not make it easier for him.” Ailis finished.
“Absolutely not!” Kenneth almost roared. “There is no way that I will move you any closer to the danger than is necessary.”
“But Kenneth.” Ailis started.
“I said no, Ailis.” He interrupted. “You don’t understand. I can’t let you have your way with this. I can’t. I have seen wars and diseases wipe out entire countries. I have seen nearly an entire race be wiped out because people chose to follow the insane ramblings of one man. I have seen loved ones die while I was forced to watch. I have seen death and war and I can tell you that the Goddess of war is neither kind nor forgiving. I will not sit by and helplessly watch as those I love are slaughtered.” He said taking her hands into his as he sat down in front of her. “I will not put you in harms way. I will not lose you. I can’t. Don’t you understand?” He pleaded to her because he knew that as much as he didn’t want to do this for her, none of them had a choice. He’d seen enough already to know this legacy that was written for her was not one he could change.
Ailis reached up and stroked his cheek with her finger tips. “I know that you don’t want anything to happen to me, my love, but I don’t control this thing. I have to finish this, for the good of everyone. I don’t have the liberty of thinking for myself. You don’t either. For whatever reason Kenneth. I have known since the first time I felt your touch inside my head; you have as much of a part in this legacy as I do. I need you to be with me on this. We will take care of each other.” She told him.
Kenneth sat, thinking to himself for a moment. He knew what she said was true but the only thought running through his head was to take what was “his” and run. “You are right.” He finally said. “We started what needed to be started here and now the force is fully capable of maintaining any rogue problem that may arise.” He finished sounding as defeated as he felt.
***
Kenneth chose his second in command Jimmy to precede him. Jimmy had been Kenneth's stable boy when he was a boy. He came to Kenneth one summer day bidding for work in his stables and continued to work there until he was eighteen when Kenneth noticed his interest in books and learning in general. He allowed the boy to use his library anytime he had that was his own. Over time, Kenneth brought him in on the financial side of his business. Jimmy did very well and Kenneth could honestly say that most of his good investments had been because of Jimmy’s research and recommendation. He turned Jimmy upon his request. Jimmy said that Kenneth was his master until death and since Kenneth wasn't dying anytime soon then neither should he. Kenneth couldn't think of a better person to leave in charge than a person who joined the land of the un-dead because of his loyalty to him. He bought an old Monastery in Edinburgh and along with a small team they started their efforts over there.
Ailis helped immensely. She had a mind for strategy and battle. There was no doubt that the blood of Merlin and King Arthur ran through her veins. She was as cunning as any warrior he had ever seen. She seemed to know that she had a purpose and what it was.
Chapter 13
It was spring and  Kenneth, Ailis and Carmelita were sitting in the library. Kenneth was watching Ailis as she was reading and even though she was ready to burst, Ailis was as beautiful as ever. Carmelita was secretly watching them both when the butler came in. He announced William, Kenneth's new second in command. Ailis had chosen him as the second because of his character and the meaning of his name. “His name means Brave warrior.” She had said. “I wouldn't want anything less watching your back.” William apologized for calling so late but he’d gotten news about  the prisoner's camp. After they sat down he told them they'd gotten some information from the agent they'd planted. The women were being held in the remains of the castle in Cadbury near summerset.
It meant nothing to Kenneth or Ailis but at the sharp intake of breath from Carmelita they could tell that it meant a whole lot to her.
“What is it Abuela?” Ailis asked worried. “Do you know this place?”
Carmelita looked through them instead of at them. “He has taken them to Camelot.” She said.
“What do you mean?” Kenneth asked.
“The old castle remains are all that are left of Arthur's wondrous city.” Carmelita answered.
“I don't understand.” Kenneth stated.
“It has to be a coincidence.” Ailis said. “How could Monolo know what that would mean to us? He doesn't know of our lineage.”
“I learned a long time ago that few things in this life are coincidence.” Carmelita answered. “He is somehow involved and we need to find out how.”
The next four weeks were full of meetings and plans being made to go in and rescue the women without too many casualties on either side. Ailis was not going to blame Monolo's followers for believing the lies that he was feeding them. They had been able to bring so many of them into the council, she was sure that if they knew what Monolo was really planning that they would abandon him.
Monolo has been telling them that he is doing this for the betterment of all vampires. Most of them had no idea what his true agenda was. Finally the day had come to send the men off. Ailis was a ball of nerves as she kissed Kenneth goodbye. Kenneth assured Ailis that he would be careful. He watched her disappear through the rear view mirror and prayed that their plan would work. They planned to park their car in Glastonbury and take the twelve-mile trip to Cadbury where they had three large vans waiting about a mile from the site ready for the return trip. From there they would hike the remaining mile and radio the vans to pick them up when they had assured that it was safe.
Ailis paced the house for an hour or more, Worried to death about tonight. Carmelita came into the room. “What if they don’t make it?” Ailis asked her. “What if something goes wrong?”
Carmelita walked over and stood beside her. “There is nothing more that you can do right now.” She told Ailis. “You are worn to the bone. The best thing for you to do is go upstairs and take a nap.” Ailis went upstairs as she was told but she knew there was no way she was going to sleep. “Yeah, right.” She thought, pacing her rooms for the thousandth time. Kenneth was walking into what could very well be certain death. I hate this queen shit, she thought frustrated. She'd already hung up the twins. So to speak, they were in a lighted display case in the ball room of their house in Madrid. She could always call them to her and had on gut instinct a couple of times already but her newly practiced powers were way more effective against her current enemy. She still absently reached for them occasionally. She missed the comfort they gave her. She huffed a breath as she flopped down on the bed. She wanted to be fighting next to Kenneth. Instead, he was out there fighting her fight while she was stuck here at home like an invalid. Her current condition required she stay in the safety of the headquarters. She thought looking down at her belly smiling as she rubbed her fingers across it absently. Their daughter was restless tonight. Ailis wasn't sure if she knew enough about what was going on outside to be in fear for Kenneth as well or if the baby was just feeling what she was.
Ailis breathed deep in an effort to calm herself. Kiera had told her that it was her job as queen to delegate action and protect herself as well as her unborn heir first and foremost. Once we get her back, Avalon can never be without a queen again. Kiera had said. This thought angered and frustrated Ailis anew. These were her people who were being brutalized. Her job, her responsibility, she thought venomously. She would bring her daughter safely into this world and then she would continue her fight where she belonged, at Kenneth's side. She was raised to fight for what was hers and there was no way she would sit idly by like a weak woman when she had a bottomless well of power from which to draw from. She thought. All she had to do was learn to control it. She tossed and turned for more than an hour before she finally fell asleep.
She was suddenly in a dark room that smelled of herbs. She could see a young man sitting by a bed with his head down. There was a woman in the bed. Ailis crept slowly forward. In the dim light of the candle she could see Morgaine’s face. She was ill, very ill. She raised her hand to the young mans face. “Arthur” she said. Arthur raised his head and looked at her. “I need you to take care of Ailis for me.”
Ailis stopped dead in her tracks. Why was Morgaine talking about her? “I have lost two of my daughters and Ailis is the last. She must survive. Do you understand?” Morgaine went on. She must survive to have a daughter.
Our line will stop with her otherwise.” Ailis then realized that Morgaine was not talking about her. She was talking about her daughter. Kiera and Igrain were dead, But from what? She asked herself.
Arthur was crying now. “Don’t talk like that.” He said. “You will get better and you will be able to take care of Ailis yourself.” Ailis kept looking right at Arthur. He was about fourteen now and Ailis just knew there was something familiar about him But that would be impossible, right?
Morgaine wet her dry lips with her tongue. “The fever has taken two of my children and it will take me too. I need to know that you will protect her.” she said. “Don’t stop the search for the cure for what our race has become. Do what you can. Promise me Arthur.” She begged.
“I promise.” Arthur told her. “I will never give up. I will continue what you have started.” Morgaine gave a small smile and breathed her last breath.
***
Seven hours later Kenneth and the men were crouched on the outside parameter of the camp. At exactly two o clock two guards came to relieve the guards at the gate.
According to their Intel all other guards where not back from their nightly hunts yet. They waited fifteen minutes and then Kenneth gave the signal to start. He prayed that all of their careful planning would pay off.
William’s father was a scientist when he was human and it had taken him nearly three weeks of testing to come up with a tranquilizer that should be strong enough to take out even the strongest vampire. “Don't waste those.” William said to Kenneth. “Dad said those darts were hard to come by.”
Kenneth hoped this would work. This was the strongest sedative that he could find. Sure enough as if the Gods had answered his prayers, both guards fell the second they were hit.
Within minutes they were in the center of the camp. A small building stood there with no guards or anything. Kenneth scanned the area. He could not sense any other vampires, yet he had the worst feeling that they were in a whole lot of trouble. Before he could warn William, the door flew open and there was at least twenty vampires running at them. Kenneth caught a glimpse of about thirty women huddled in a corner at the back of the room before he was forced to defend himself.
Chapter 14
Ailis awoke with a start. She knew the instant something was wrong. She felt the rush of anger come from Kenneth for a split second before he closed himself off to her. She ran to the library where she knew her grandmother was. She burst through the door breathing heavily.
“I know.” Carmelita stopped her.
“Oh My God!” Ailis exclaimed. “What do we do?”
“We can do nothing.” She answered. “Wait and pray that they make it out alive.”
Ailis ran to her room. She wasn’t going to take that answer. She would not sit here with her hands in her lap and wait for Kenneth to be taken from her. These assholes have jacked with the wrong fairy, she thought angrily as her eyes began glowing an emerald green and the yellow flakes began ebbing and flowing with her raised heart rate giving them a shimmering emerald effect. Goosebumps rose on her flesh as her fangs sprang free. Carmelita sat down and smiled. She knew Ailis would think of something.
***
Kenneth drew his sword as he fully changed. He could feel his skin pull tight over his head and his fangs lengthen to the longest point. He felt the power that was the essence of the vampire surge through him. He was no spring chicken anymore but where the human species grew feebler with age the vampire grew stronger, fiercer and more agile. He ran into the mass of clanging sword and fallen ash. Where he'd first seen fifteen or twenty of them, he now realized there were more of them filing out of the interior of the compound. Someone must have alerted Monolo to their plans. Traitor, Kenneth thought darkly as his sword sliced cleanly through the neck of an oncoming vampire. Kenneth didn't like killing all of these misinformed newbies but Jesus Christ, there were so many of them. He looked around and saw William staggering back from a blow to his side. Kenneth was there in a flash. He swung his sword over his head and watched it meet with the vampires’ neck. It was a clean cut and the vampire was ash before he hit the ground. Kenneth nodded his head to William as he moved on.
The fight seemed to last forever and more kept coming. He had taken out at least thirty on his own and there were still more. They were tiring fast. He knew they should have brought more people. These vampires were young and still not trained but there were so many, Monolo must be strategically changing his own army. It was no longer their worry to find the vampires before he had a chance to brainwash them. He was making his own. A vampire always has loyalty to its maker. Especially if they don't know said maker is a lunatic. Ailis was the exception. She was born half vampire so all Monolo did by feeding her that last time was trigger all the vampire powers that were already in her DNA.
He turned when he saw a flash to his right a bit to late to deflect the blow to his leg. It hurt like hell and the vampire paid dearly for that pain. The cut was very deep. A little more and that bastard would have cut his whole leg off!
He was tired now from the physical exertion and he was quickly bleeding out. He needed to get the wound wrapped until he could feed enough to close it. He wasn't sure how much longer he could last. From the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of the witches filing out into a line.
“Get back!” He screamed. Just then he felt the entire ground shaking. All fighting stopped as everyone turned to look at the women. Their hair seemed to blow back on an invisible breeze. Their eyes seemed to glow as they held hands. Kenneth felt the last of his strength going and he nearly fell to the ground.
He had the feeling they were using their powers to combine with his and the others of the force. Kenneth knew that something bad was fixing to happen. Monolo's men walked toward the woman as if transfixed while Kenneth and his men backed away from them. The woman began to lift off the floor, floating. Just as Kenneth felt the last of his strength fading, Monolo appeared in front of his followers, flicked his hand and the witches tumbled to the ground as if they were puppets and someone had just cut their strings. They all got up cowering as Monolo glared at them. He turned to his men and glared before spotting Kenneth. He started walking across the compound toward him, knocking his men over to get them out of his way if they didn't part quick enough.
Kenneth stood his ground as Monolo approached. When Monolo was toe to toe with him, he spoke to Kenneth. “I see you are not afraid of me Kenneth.” He hissed.
Kenneth crossed his arms over his chest and raised his eyebrow at his maker. “Should I be afraid of you Father?” Kenneth asked him. There was a sharp intake of breath all around them and then murmured whispers.
“Silence!” Monolo yelled never taking his dark look off Kenneth.
Kenneth smirked. “Bet it doesn't look so good, Huh.?” Kenneth stated mockingly, “Having a progeny that can make up his own mind. Afraid my new brothers and sisters will get some ideas?” He asked, gratified when the whispers started up again. Doubt, Kenneth thought. The one thing that can take down a dynasty from the inside out.
“Silence!” Monolo warned evilly. He glared holes in Kenneth. “The fact that you are my progeny, my first by the way is the only reason I have not killed you. Even as you hunted down my brothers and killed them one by one, I knew why you did this. I knew that vengeance should have been yours and I let you have it with them. I protected you. I kept you safe.” He told Kenneth. “I am your maker, your father and you are my progeny, my son and I had such high hopes for you and look how you repay me.” He finished, glaring at Kenneth.
“You are not my father.” Kenneth spat at Monolo even as he tasted the lie on his own tongue. Kenneth felt the bond with his maker as any son would feel with his father and he knew, a little piece of him would weep for his father when the time came for his death but it didn't change the fact that Monolo would still have to die. “You may have made me but you also took everything dear to me for your own sick sadistic game of control and manipulation.” He finished, disgusted he'd ever believed one word this liar ever said.
“It was no game.” Monolo told Kenneth. “Carmelita would have led you off your path. She had to go. I was protecting you.” He finished sounding sincere.
Kenneth couldn’t believe it. Protecting? He thought that killing Carmelita was an act of protection? Totally delusional, that's what this guy was. Kenneth thought to himself. Powerful as hell but several cards short of a full deck. Shit, he thought exasperatedly to himself. Assholes, you could deal with. You could reason and be diplomatic with an asshole. There wasn't shit you could do with a nut bag. “Well then. I feel sorry for you because it is you who has not chosen your path wisely.” Kenneth told him, letting him know he would never join him.
Monolo glared at him for a moment. This is because of that damn witch.” Monolo accused Kenneth.
“Not just about her.” He started glaring at his maker “It's also about the fact that you lied to me and manipulated me. I was dying, leaving behind a fiancée who depended on me to take care of her. You took advantage of that, made me immortal and then took away every reason I had to live!” He roared at Monolo. “Now you want to know why I won’t join you.” He stated sarcastically. Yep, he thought. This guy is way the hell off the reservation.
Monolo's eyes flamed red and his fangs sprang free. “Let’s see how your precious witch feels when all you have to bring back of her sisters is their empty carcasses.” He roared before turning and jumping at the women. Monolo was in mid air when Ailis appeared in front of the women, her eyes blazing along with her hair. She snarled as her eyes flashed and her fangs showed plainly. A moment of fear and realization crossed Monolo's face a split second before Ailis whipped her hand out and sent Monolo crashing to the far wall.
Kenneth stood motionless, his mouth agape as Ailis stood in front of the women, vibrating with vengeance and satisfaction. Monolo was up and in front of Ailis snarling in a flash. Kenneth stepped forward to jump him but stopped short when Ailis turned her blazing eyes on him. He knew as soon as their gazes locked, Ailis was no longer in control of the Goddess. Shit. He thought frantically. “What am I supposed to do?”
“Do not worry vampire.” She told him in a booming voice that sounded nothing like Ailis. The voice washed over his body, leaving him with the feeling of inferiority. “Your Queen is perfectly safe.” She went on. “This insect is nothing for me to dispose of.” She finished evenly as she turned her eyes back to the still growling Monolo. “You think to challenge Your Queen.” She stated the fact to Monolo.
Monolo growled menacingly, his eyes blazing, his fangs exposed, and ready for a fight. “You are not My Queen.” He spat at her. “Morgaine was a wonderful Queen and look how they betrayed her!” He yelled emphatically.
Kenneth was confused. How the hell did Monolo know about Morgaine? Was he there? Did he know her? Ailis; Well, other Ailis just stood there and looked at him. “You of all people, Monolo should know not to question your queen. Let alone try to murder her people.” Other Ailis told him sounding bored. The other women looked on intently, not making a sound.
“What kind of Queen are you?” He spat out. “You don't even know what you’re doing. You will never be as good as Morgaine was without me at your side.” Monolo roared before attempting to tackle her.
Other Ailis shot her arm out, punching through Monolo's chest and wrapping her hand around his heart. Her eyes blazed green and gold into his red ones as Monolo stood stark still, gasping for breath. Other Ailis chuckled low in her throat. “She may not know what she's doing yet but trust me when I tell you, I’ve had many bodies before Ailis and Morgaine and I will have many bodies after. It’s my job to make sure they can handle any situation without fear getting in the way.” She growled darkly in his face. “And I'm real good at my job.” She finished nearly whispering before squeezing his heart in her hand, ‘causing him to gasp for air more violently. Kenneth had no idea what to do. Other Ailis was about to brutally murder Monolo and he knew Ailis wouldn't be able to live with herself. Was this what Morgaine went through? He knew Ailis body and soul. She would never do this but it seemed this alter ego of hers had no problem killing senselessly. He had to stop her. But how? It was his duty, his legacy but how could he get through to her if he wasn't close enough to touch her? He decided to do the one thing Ailis hated most. Treat her like a damsel in distress and hope it angered Ailis enough to bring her to the surface.
“It's Okay Baby.” He said to her through their shared mental link like he was talking to a hurt scared child. Other Ailis visibly flinched but ignored him and continued squeezing Monolo's heart. “I know she's too strong for you love.” He continued to coo. Other Ailis flinched again, this time releasing Monolo's heart allowing him one huge gasp for air. She closed her eyes and shook her head as if to clear her thoughts. This ones for all the gold, Kenneth thought to himself. “Awe, It's OK that your not strong enough baby. That's what I'm here for.” He finished, holding his breath. Other Ailis jerked violently as her grip relaxed completely on Monolo's heart, her hand was still inside his chest cavity and so he stood very still.
Ailis turned toward Kenneth. “Why you chauvinistic piece of...” She started. Kenneth beamed brilliantly at the fact that even though her eyes were still glowing, the voice she was yelling at him in was all her again.
“Ailis” Kenneth growled at her through their shared mental link. “Calm the hell down. Look what you’re allowing IT to do.” He finished, effectively getting her attention.
Monolo made a grunting noise at that moment, causing her to notice him in front of her. When she took in his white pallor and noticed where her hand was currently embedded, she let out a shriek and ripped it out of Monolo's chest. He wasted no time disappearing, half of his followers following suit. The others did not budge. Ailis held up her hand, watching the blood run down her arm. She looked at Kenneth with an expression of mortification and just disappeared. As soon as she disappeared, Monolo's men who hadn't run with him descended on the women. Kenneth and his men launched into action, blocking the women. Power reverberated throughout the room as the witches linked hands. All movement stopped as the women lifted off the ground. Kenneth felt Ailis' power blending with the witches and knew, even though she'd temporarily lost control and had to leave, she was still lending the witches her power.
“Get out of here!” He mentally sent to the others. As soon as they flashed out of the parameter there was a huge beam of light that covered the entirety of the camp. Kenneth could smell burning vampire and knew anyone who stayed behind was gone. As soon as he felt that it was safe, he and the others flashed back. The women were still standing side by side with their hands linked. Kenneth stepped forward.
“Stop!” The one in the center said with her hand held out. Kenneth stopped short.
“Identify yourself.” She said.
“We mean you no harm.” Kenneth started.
“We don't believe you.” She stated sounding bored.
“We have come to help you.” He said. “We want to take you to a safe place. We have others like you that we have rescued and now protect.”
“We will not go with you.” She said with finality.
“We mean only to protect you.” Kenneth stated. The air grew still again and the women started to lift off the ground. Kenneth could feel his energy ebbing away at a rapid force. He looked at the others and could tell by their expressions theirs was going as well. “Try to leave” He sent out and he could also tell they were unable. This was going to hurt, Kenneth thought to himself. Just as he was bracing himself for impact, he felt strange warmth on his face. He opened his eyes and was amazed to see Ailis. Well an apparition of her at least. He guessed she'd not wanted to risk “poofing” again, as she called it. She was surrounded by light and all but floating! The women immediately fell to one knee and bowed their heads while Kenneth stood there, his mouth agape trying to think past the brightness of the light radiating from her.
***
Ailis looked shocked for a moment but recovered quickly. “Stand and face me Kiera. Swan of the Lake.” She ordered in a tone that Kenneth had never heard her use. The woman in the center that spoke to Kenneth stood.
“Your Highness.” She started. “To what do we owe the honor of your presence after so many years of absence?”
“I have a request of you.” Ailis stated.
“What ever you wish Your Highness.” Kiera answered.
Ailis looked at Kenneth. “This man was sent by me to bring all of you into my protection. Please do not kill him, for you would invoke my anger.” She said seriously.
Kiera looked quickly between Kenneth and Ailis, a shocked expression upon her face. She shook her head as she gulped loudly. She was probably remembering Ailis with her hand wrapped around Monolo's heart. “Of course not Your Highness” Kiera answered.
“Good.” Ailis stated. “Then I will wish a safe trip to you all and I will see you at home.” She looked over at Kenneth. “You, hurry up.” She said on their private path of thought. “I find myself missing you terribly.” She winked and then disappeared. Kenneth didn't have to be told twice.
He was getting the women to the edge of the compound to wait for the buses, when he heard a commotion in the cabin. He walked to the door and saw William trying to subdue a hysterical witch.
“What are you doing?” Kenneth asked.
“She does not want to go.” William answered.
“Let her be.” He heard Kiera say from behind him. He turned and stepped out of the way.
“What?” William stated.
“She has been with him.” Kiera stated with distaste. “She does not want to be with us. She wants to stay with him.”
Kenneth breathed a sigh. “Go ahead” he told William. “Let her be. It is after all her choice.” The witch jerked away and ran to hide.
On the ride back William's curiosity got the better of him. “Why did you bow to Ailis when she showed herself?” He asked turning toward Kiera.
Kiera looked aghast. “We always bow before Our Queen. You do not?” She asked sounding horrified.
“We are a little informal with her.” William answered. Kenneth was listening intently.
“Why did she call you Swan of the Lake?” William asked.
“Because” she answered sarcastically, “that's what I am.”
“I gathered that.” William retorted. “But what is Swan of the Lake?” He asked.
She looked at him as if he were an insect that needed to be squashed.
“Why Our Queen would seek the help of such Neanderthals is beyond me.” She stated and turned to look out the window. The rest of the ride was taken in an uncomfortable silence. When they arrived at the compound, the women filed out with looks of unease on their faces as they looked towards the two women standing at the entrance before them.
***
When Kenneth looked at Ailis standing beside her grandmother, he knew he would never be able to live a day without her. She was his world, totally and completely. The women bowed to one knee. Ailis cleared her throat, clearly uncomfortable with so many people bowing to her. “Please stand.” She stated. “You will find that I am here quite often. If you keep doing this then you will spend most of your days on your knees.” They stood and looked at her, waiting for her to address them further before they spoke. “We need to go to the conference room.” Ailis said. She waved her hand and Carmelita came forward. “This is my grandmother.” She stated “She will take you to the conference room.” The women bowed briefly with murmurs of Your Highness to Carmelita and followed behind her. Kenneth stayed in the foyer with Ailis.
***
Kiera waited until the rest were well ahead of her and peaked around the corner. She watched as Kenneth walked to Ailis and went on one knee in front of her. So, she thought to herself. He does know how to bow down before a queen. At least one of them has some manners. Kenneth reached up and placed his hands on either side of her obvious pregnant belly.
“So,” He said, nuzzling her belly with his face. “How is our daughter today?”
“She has been restless today.” She answered. “I think she has missed her father as much as I have.”
Kiera was at a loss. Their Queen was with a vampire. How could this be?
Kenneth rose and drew Ailis into his arms. “I was so worried.” Ailis said.
“Don't be love.” He answered. “We both don't like what has to be done, but what choice do we have? This is necessary for the survival of both of our races.” Kenneth spoke softly as he held both her hands in his. “Are you OK? Is the baby OK?” He asked her looking intently at her face.
Ailis hung her head in shame. Kenneth reached up, placing a finger under her chin to make her look at him. “I lost control again.” She said to him desperately. “What if I end up like Morgaine?” She asked him, panicked.
“You won't.” He soothed her. “Look what happened today. I got through to you and you regained control.” He told her.
Kiera listened intentionally. Their Queen was having trouble controlling the vengeance of the Goddess. Kiera knew that was the piece all Queens held within themselves. It's a great gift to be nearly the most powerful being on the planet; Kiera thought to her self, but only if you could control it. Morgaine was not able to. Their Queen needed help and no matter if she agreed with her present choice of company or not, Kiera would not fail Her Queen the way her ancestors had. She was brought back to the present by Ailis speaking to Kenneth.
“I know.” Ailis sighed. “I just wish I knew how Monolo knew about Camelot. I have a feeling the vampire race has more to do with this than even my grandmother knows.” Ailis stopped. She had a small smirk on her face. Kenneth started to speak to see what she thought was so funny but she held up a hand to stop him.
“Kiera” She said. “You can come out now.” Kiera didn't know what to do. To be caught spying on The Queen. It was of the highest disgrace. She dreaded what punishment she might receive as she walked around the corner with her head to the floor. Kenneth grinned at her, angering Kiera. What right did this abomination have to smirk at her? “Kenneth.” Ailis said placing her hand to the side of his face. “Why don't you go ahead to the conference room? Kiera and I will be along in a couple of minutes.” Kenneth kissed her on the cheek and headed to the conference room shaking his head and smiling to himself. His little witch was getting stronger than him.
Kiera stood looking at the ground. “Kiera” Ailis said. “Don't look at the floor. You've done nothing to be ashamed of.”
She looked up. “I'm sorry Your Highness” she started but was stopped short when Ailis shook her head.
“Don't apologize for wanting to know about the people who brought you here Kiera. There is nothing wrong with curiosity. Please from now on call me Ailis. I am new to the whole queen thing and don't like the formality. Now I know you have questions but that's why we brought all of you here. I have lots to go over. So why don't we go to the conference room so I can tell everyone?”
Kiera followed Ailis down a long corridor, questions running through her mind. As they walked into the conference room, Kiera pulled up short at the sight of a large wood round table with about forty chairs surrounding it. Everyone was seated. There were witches and vampires alike. Kenneth was seated with William to his right. There were two seats next to him. Ailis took her seat and Kiera sat to her left.
Ailis began the tale of Arthur and Morgaine; she told them everything that she knew up to the part where Monolo learned by attacking a witch that was pregnant, the child would be born of both races. When she finished, all of the women just stared at her. Ailis let out a sigh. “Please” she said. “If you have questions ask.”
Kiera was the first to speak. “So” she said. “As we have all been attacked, our children will be born of both races?”
“Yes.” Ailis answered. All of the women began talking at the same time.
“What will we do?” One asked. “Will our children have to drink blood or stay out of the sun?” She asked.
“No” Ailis answered. “I can be in the sun just as any of you can. I don't have to drink blood. The children will have the best of both worlds. They will be strong like the vampire but they will still be able to wield magic. They will be stronger and live longer than they would have as just one half of the race.”
William spoke up. “Ailis” he asked. “Why did you call Kiera Swan of the Lake?”
Ailis looked at him. “The Swan of the Lake,” she started “Is the second in command to the Lady of the Lake. She is to me as you are to Kenneth.”
“I am basically her servant.” Kiera answered.
“No.” Ailis stated. “We have no servants here. We are all equal. Kiera essentially carries out my orders in my absences. If something should happen to me and I do not have an heir or my heir is not of age to take over her responsibilities Kiera will be able to take over until an heir can do so.”
One of the women stood. “Do we have to stay here?” She asked.
“No” Ailis stated. “We hoped that you would like to join us but you do not have to.” Kenneth saw William glance at Kiera. He smirked to himself as he recognized that look in his eyes. “You do not need to make your decision tonight.” Ailis continued. “Marion, (She said as she gestured to the door where a young witch was coming in.) will show you to your rooms, sleep on it and get to know us, If you decide that you want to leave we will take you anywhere that you want to go.”
***
The women followed Marion out. After they left Kenneth turned to Ailis.
“Well.” He said. “I hope that they decide to stay.”
“They will” Ailis answered. “They may not understand now how after everything that they have been through they will be able to work with vampires. Give them time.” She said. “Let them get to know everyone and let them see that this is truly a good partnership.”
Dinner that night was strained at first but little by little the women began to relax. They were even willing to discuss what happened. The women left Kiera to do most of the talking. “Most of us are form villages north of Bath.” She sated. “So we have met before at celebrations.”
“I asked Monolo one time how he intended to have all of these women and didn't expect anyone to recognize us. I shouldn't hold out hope for that he told me, as even if we did escape no one would recognize me.” Kiera went on.
“So we are assuming the family members that weren't killed had their memories erased. So even if we have surviving family we can never go back to them.” When Kiera had finished speaking, Ailis was at a loss for words.
“That's terrible.” Was all she could say? She hated this man and his beliefs. She was glad she hadn't killed him earlier, only because she really wanted to find his connection to Camelot before she did. She hadn't realized how angry she was becoming until Kiera placed her hand over hers. “We have survived; Your Highness and you have saved us. Please don't work yourself up on our account.” She told Ailis.
Ailis took a few deep breaths to calm her self. “I'm sorry Kiera. “I tend to get carried away sometimes. Thank you.” she told her Swan.
Kiera bowed her head briefly. “Part of my job is helping you with the control.” She told Ailis. “Kenneth may be able to snap you out of it in an emergency but I can show you ways to suppress Her vengeance so that you don't lose control in the first place.” Kiera finished.
“I would appreciate that Kiera.” She told her, feeling genuine relief that she might beat this. As for Monolo, Ailis knew he was nowhere near done pissing her off. She couldn't imagine knowing that she was pregnant with a child and the father, if he lived did not even remember meeting you. The rest of the meal finished in relative silence.
Chapter 15
Monolo was furious. He slammed his hand into the wall again, this time leaving a larger hole than the last. How could this have happened? He thought to himself. He could not believe this. He'd protected the women and insured their location was known only to a few among his men. He had a spy and when he found out who it was, he would surely deal viciously with him. Just then there was a knock at the door.
“Enter.” He barked at the closed door. The door opened and Markus, his second walked in. Marilyn was with him. Monolo raised an eyebrow.
“I found her hiding at the camp.” My lord, “She was the only one that did not escape.” Markus said.
“Sit” Monolo growled at her. She obeyed. He looked at Marcus.
“Leave us.” Marcus inclined his head and headed for the door.
After he Marcus left, Monolo turned his attention to Marilyn.
“Why is it,” He started. “You are the only one that did not escape?” He asked her.
“I hid my lord.” She said with her eyes to the floor. He walked over to the couch and sat beside her.
“Why did you not leave when you had the chance?” He asked.
She shifted in her seat. “I don't know my lord.” She answered. “The others showed up and there was screaming and fighting everywhere. I was frightened. I did not know what they wanted. I figured the devils that you know were better that the ones you don't.”
Monolo placed his forefinger under her chin and raised her face up so that he could see her eyes. He searched them for a long moment. He could not see a lie in them.
“You see me as the Devil?” He asked surprised that her opinion mattered.
Her eyes widened. “No, Not exactly my lord” She answered. “I don't know what you wanted us for but I know that you never hurt me personally. I did hear what was done to some of the other women and yes on that account you are as evil as the devil himself.
“Maybe if you had come and explained to us what you wanted,” She started. “It would not have had to be this way.”
Monolo was shocked. He did not expect such a small person to speak to him in this manner. He also did not expect to feel any remorse for what he had been forced to do over the centuries. He quickly hardened himself.
It is not up to you to tell me what is right and what is wrong.” He snapped at her. He stood and called to Marcus into the room. “Take Marilyn to a room and then come back down here.”
Marcus inclined his head and left the room. A few minutes later he returned. 
“What shall we do with the girl?” He asked.
“Nothing at the moment,” Monolo said “Just leave her there. Right now I want you to get every contact that we have. Every witch we can get on our side, every vampire, person or thing. I want that son of a bitch dead and I want that fucking witch. Alive.” He ended.
“Yes my lord.” Marcus answered as he hurried out.
***
Ailis awoke with a jerk. She had tears in her eyes.
“What is it,” Kenneth asked? sitting up beside her. “Is it the baby?”
“No.” Ailis said. “It is Abuela.”
“What?” Kenneth asked. “What is the matter?”
Ailis jumped from the bed and ran to her Grandmothers room. At first glance she looked as if she was sleeping. But Ailis knew better. Kenneth came in behind her.
He took her into his arms. “I am so sorry.”He said
She could tell by the thickness in his voice that he was holding back tears as well.
“How did you know?” He asked her.
“She came to my dream to tell me goodbye. I saw her standing with Morgaine and Arthur. But not the Arthur I usually dream about. It was The King Arthur, as he must have looked when he died. She told me that she would be watching me until she could be with me again. She also said that it was Arthur that I needed to pay attention to, but not the one I am thinking of.”
“What does that mean?” Kenneth asked.
“I have no idea.” Ailis answered. “I think she is telling me that there is another Arthur.”
“Weird.” Kenneth answered.
They buried Carmelita on the grounds of the compound. It was a lovely ceremony. One she would have been proud of. Kenneth tried his best to be strong for Ailis but after all he had known Carmelita when they were both still human. It was a sad day for all. Kiera said a few words to honor her.
Later the next afternoon, Kenneth awoke to find Ailis crying in the shower. He got in with her clothes and all. “I don’t know how I can do this without her. What if I need her?” Ailis cried into Kenneth’s shoulder.
“It’s OK baby.” He consoled her. “I am sure that if you need her, she will be there” and that was the end of that. Things would have to go back to normal and the war would need to continue as much as Ailis just wanted to have her time to grieve.
***
Two weeks later Kiera and William sat with Kenneth and Ailis in the library talking strategy. They had maps on the floor as well as old books on folklore. They were trying anything to find clues. There just weren't any. How did vampires fit into this? How would Monolo know about Camelot? Ailis was going to ask Kiera what she thought as she was raised in this world. When she looked up she saw Kiera and William had their gazes locked. They looked as if they couldn't look away if they tried. Ailis looked at Kenneth and he smiled at her.
“They seem to be hitting it off.” He spoke only to her.
“Yes”. She answered smiling. “I can see that.”
“They are determined to hate each other and I can't figure out why, but it will be interesting to watch what happens between them.” He said smiling at her.
“Well” Ailis said out loud effectively breaking their gaze. “I am feeling tired and we are getting nowhere, so I think I will turn in for the night.”
Kiera stood. “I think it is time I turn in as well” she said. She said her goodnight to Kenneth and Ailis. Her gaze retested on William for a moment before she murmured goodnight and all but ran up the stairs. Ailis bid her goodnight to William and bent to give Kenneth a kiss. He returned her kiss and then promised to be up shortly.
***
After Ailis left and Kenneth was sure she was out of earshot. He tuned to William. “What was that all about?” He asked.
“Nothing” William replied.
“That didn't look like nothing to me. Sleeping with the enemy?” He teased.
“Oh go on.” William replied. “I never said that they were the enemy.”
“I know.” Kenneth answered. “I was only teasing. Really, what's going on with the two of you?” He asked.
William let out a heavy breath. “Nothing, that’s the problem,” He answered. “I have the feeling I have fallen so hard for her, I have no idea if I am coming or going.”
“Ah.” Kenneth answered. “I know how you feel. Ailis is my lifeline. If anything happened to her or the baby, I would follow straight after. After all of this is over I will marry her.” He continued. “I don't want to ever be without her.”
“Have you talked to her about this?” William asked.
“Not yet.” He answered. “Why? Do you think she would have a problem with it?” He asked. “I assumed she would want that.” He said getting a little worried.
“No.” William answered “Don't freak out on me I was just asking. Anyone with eyes can see that she would gladly take on all of Monolo's, minions at once if they dared to touch you. I was just saying if you plan to get married, you might want to propose. In my experience, girls kind of like that.” He said winking.
“Look whose talking.” Kenneth retorted. “You have all of these feelings for Kiera and you wont even tell her, you barley talk to her.”
“Yeah, well.” William started. “She doesn't seem to feel the same way about me.”
“What do you mean?” Kenneth asked.
“She doesn't want to have anything to do with me if it doesn't involve the force and our cause.” He answered.
Kenneth sat for a few moments thinking. “I think you need to give her more time.” He said. “Have you stopped to think that she just lost everything that was dear to her not long ago?” He finished.
“I know.” William answered. “She is so closed off. She won't tell me anything.”
“No one else knows what exactly happened to her either. If you truly care for her, you need to let her have time to come to term with all that has happened. She'll come around when she's ready.” Kenneth told William.
“I need some fresh air.” William said standing. “I think I'll go for a walk while it’s still dark out. I'll see you tonight.” He said.
“All right.” Kenneth answered and headed up to bed.
***
William had to clear his head before he went to bed. He walked around the garden and through the backfields, trying to calm him-self down. He had never been a patient person but he knew that if he was ever going to have a chance with Kiera he was going to have to learn patience. Until recently, vampires and witches had always been at war. Neither race knew the reasons anymore. They only knew they were enemies. They now knew it started when the veil closed and the race was split into two halves. He really felt for Ailis and Kiera as it was basically their job to end this nearly sixteen hundred year old stupid war. William could see Kiera was realizing, not all vampires were the enemy. He just hoped one day she could see them as friends and in William's case, so much more. He was just about to go back to the compound when he heard a noise that he couldn't identify. He stood still using his advanced hearing. There it was again. He knew then someone was crying. It sounded so mournful and sad; he had no choice but to follow the sound. He rounded the corner into the rose garden and pulled up short as he saw Kiera by the pond. She was crying. He was in front of her kneeling down in a flash. She looked up and he saw a moment of devastation in her eyes before she masked it with anger.
“What are you doing here?” She asked defensively.
“Shh.” He said reaching to wipe the tears from her eyes with his thumb. “Relax Kiera. I know you are hurting. Just try and calm down and breathe. All of this is not good for the baby.” She shook her head. He could tell that she was struggling to keep her composure. He just wanted to know what to do to help her. He wrapped his arms around her. When she would have pulled away he held on tight. “Just relax.” He told her stroking her hair. “Just let it out. It doesn't help to hold it in.” She relaxed in his arms and just cried
***
Kiera was mortified William saw her crying. She'd spent the last six months holding it all in. After she left the library she couldn't sleep. She knew she was losing it and didn't want any of the girls to see her cry. She had no idea anyone would be out walking this late. Right now though she just needed to let it out and it was so comforting to be in William's arms. She suddenly caught a glimpse of her husbands face in her minds eye. Markus was wonderful in his own way. He expected a lot of her but as long as she gave him what he wanted he doted upon her with his every waking breath. She suddenly felt worse and cried even harder. She couldn't stop the flow now that it started. She just needed to let it out.
“Oh to hell with it.” William said. In that moment they were back in his room. Kiera stiffened as she realized where they were. “Don't worry” he said. “I just brought you here so that you can finish without worrying about anyone seeing or hearing. I could not stay out any longer.”
Kiera was starting to feel better and her breathing was getting back to normal. She looked up at William who sat next to her on the bed with her hands in his. “Feel better?” He asked her.
“Yes.” She answered. “I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to share my burdens with anyone else.” He quieted her by placing a finger over her mouth.
“Don't be.” He said. “It makes it better to share it with someone. I don't mind. I could tell that you were struggling. He started. “Sometimes it helps to talk to someone about it. I am here if you need me. You may not believe this but I am a good listener.” He finished.
Kiera breathed a deep sigh. She did want to be able to let all of this go. But she didn't want to have anyone's pity. “Well.” She started. “I guess it’s pretty easy to guess by my condition that I had a husband.” She said placing her hand on her protruding belly. William sat and just listened. Of course he knew that she had a husband but it was still hard hearing about it. For some strange reason he felt he should be the only one to have the privilege of touching her, the gift of an everlasting eternity with her. “His name was Markus.” She continued. “We'd known each other since we were children. We had three children.”
William's head shot up. They had other children. He felt like a piece of him had been ripped away at that moment. “Go on” He told her, proud that his feelings didn't show in his voice.
“Monolo and his men came for me late one night. Markus tried to stop them. They held him down. Monolo gave me a choice. Come willingly or he would kill them.” Tears started to gather in her eyes. William reached out and grabbed her hand. She held tight and continued. “I did not know who he was. I have never met another that was so strong. I thought I was strong enough. I was not” she stated and lowered her head just as the tears ran down her cheek. “Monolo seized my power and used it against my family while I was paralyzed and forced to sit and watch. I could not even close my eyes to it. He killed the children first.” She said her voice shaking uncontrollably.
William nodded for her to continue. He couldn't speak even if he wanted to for anger hotter and and more violent than he'd ever felt was coursing through his entire body. “One by one, he walked up to them and told them, “Do you see what your mother has brought upon you?” And then he would strike them down. I tried to scream to tell him that I would go with him, just leave them alone. But I was unable to speak. I saw each of my children fall to this man and then he walked over to Markus. He was so grief stricken that he looked more like a shell than a man. Do you see what your wife has done with her belligerence? Monolo asked him. He released some of the paralysis at that time. And Markus was able to speak. The last words from his mouth were I love you.” Kiera began to sob uncontrollably. “My family is dead because I thought I was doing my duty. It is my job as the Swan. Our Queen had not yet revealed herself. I had no choice. I had to protect the secrets. I could not fall. But in the end I lost everything to protect something that was not mine.”
“William took her in his arms. “Don't do this to yourself. You had no way to know all that was going on. You did what you had to do. How were you to know weather or not he would kill them anyway?” He finished.
“Thank you for listening.” She said still sobbing.
“Don't worry about it.” He told her lying her down in his arms and pulling the coverlet over them. “You just let it out.” And she did. She cried and he stroked her hair until she fell asleep. He lay there awake for as long as he could. It was well past daylight and he needed to sleep. He did not want to frighten her if she woke up and he was sleeping the sleep of the dead. In the end he decided to sleep the normal sleep of a human. He went to sleep with the sound of her breathing in his ear.
***
Kenneth was just waking from his sleep. He knew it would still be a little while until Ailis was up as she was still young and could not rise before sunset. There was still twenty or so minutes until the sun set. Kenneth lay with Ailis sleeping in his arms. He couldn't believe how happy he was.  Just then Ailis took a deep breath and opened her eyes really wide. Kenneth knew immediately something was wrong.
“What is it Love?”  He asked. Ailis sat up placed her hand over Kenneth’s which still lay on her stomach.
“It's time.”  She said. Kenneth flew from the bed and started running in circles trying to find his pants. He was totally lost. He had no idea what to do. “Kenneth!” Ailis called and he stopped in his tracks. “Relax.” She said. “Go get Kiera.” Kenneth pulled on some pants and went down the hall to get Kiera but she was already on her way out of William's room at a full bustle.
“I know she said. I'm on my way.” Kenneth looked over her head to see William coming from his room at the same pace. Kenneth raised an eyebrow and smirked. William shook his head and mouthed not now.
He reached Kenneth. “So, Kiera tells me that you're fixing to be a father, Congrats man.”
“Thanks” Kenneth said as he turned on his heels to follow Kiera back into the room with Ailis. She was on the bed breathing fast. Kenneth was hysterical. He'd thought he'd been prepared for this but as he saw Ailis obviously in vast amounts of pain all rational thought went out the window.
Ailis had never felt so much pain. She'd heard giving birth was painful but this was ridiculous. She could tell Kenneth was worried. As soon as the pain subsided a little, a sudden feeling of danger hit her. She reached over and grabbed Kenneth's arm.
“What is it?” He said.
“He’s coming.” She told him.
“Now” He asked, worry evident in his tone. “Are you sure?” She nodded. Kenneth looked over at William. “Get the men together.” He ordered. “Guard the walls.” Kenneth gave Ailis a quick kiss and hurried out just as Marion was coming in with hot water and towels. William and Kiera locked gazes briefly before he ran out as well.
“Good” Kiera said all business now as she took the supplies from Marion. “Go get the women. We are to be attacked. The men are guarding the walls if they should be breached do not let anyone near the second floor. I am going to deliver an heir to the throne of Avalon tonight.” She continued as she looked over at Ailis. “I'm sure the Goddess, not to mention the current Queen of Avalon would be very angry if something happened to said child.” She concluded as Marion ran from the room to follow her orders.
Ailis could barley think through the pain, she felt as if she were being torn in two. Suddenly there was an enormous explosion and the whole compound began to shake. Ailis breathed when she was instructed to, pushed when Kiera told her to but all she could think about was the nerve of Monolo. How dare he attack them in the middle of the night like a coward.
***
Kenneth and the men were setting up around the parameter of the building. He could sense something but couldn’t tell where it was coming from. This worried him. There was nothing worse than an enemy you couldn't see. Just then there was an explosion on the eastern side of the wall. Suddenly, there were at least two hundred vampires streaming through the hole in the wall. Kenneth unsheathed his sword and ran into action.
The battle that ensued was worst than any Kenneth had ever seen. There were men flashing in and out of focus and ashes falling to the ground everywhere. Kenneth's only thoughts were of the safety of Ailis and their daughter. He could not even be there for the birth of their first child. Instead he was outside fighting the battle of his life.
He turned into an automated killing machine. He stalked the ground sword in hand, slicing off heads one after the other. His only coherent thought was to kill all who dare endanger his family.
Ailis was pissed. She was in the middle of bringing a new life into the world and someone dared to attack their compound. She knew it wouldn't be long now, this child was eager to join her parents. She could feel the child vibrate with power as another soul ripping contraction tore through her.
“All right,” Kiera instructed. Take a deep breath and one final push. Ailis obeyed and was relieved to hear her daughter's first angry cry. Ailis heard Kiera's intake of breath causing her to look down quickly at her daughter. The child was screaming her head off as blue light ebbed and flowed all over her skin. Kiera quickly cleaned her up and handed her to Ailis. She knew as soon as her daughter was placed in her hands, she was angry about the attack and worried about her father as well. Ailis nuzzled her blue glowing cheek. “Have no fear child.” She told her. “Mamma's fixing to go down and take care of the bad men.” Their daughter calmed down immediately as if she understood. Her blue glow dimmed and disappeared completely, giving her the appearance of a human child. She's brilliant as well. Ailis thought pleased. She was so beautiful. Ailis could not believe this. She just wished Kenneth could be here right now to see their daughter.
Just then there was another explosion and Ailis knew Monolo had broken through the protection and was entering the house. She handed the baby to Kiera. “Guard her with your life.” She said. Kiera looked hesitant and Ailis knew why. “Don't worry.” She told Kiera. “You can do this.” Kiera nodded her head and took the baby out of the room heading for the attic. Ailis headed down the stairs ready for some payback.
***
Hours had past, or maybe it had only been minutes. Kenneth couldn't tell. He felt like he would fall at any moment. The only thing that kept him going was the thought of what would happen to Ailis if he should fail. Just then Monolo came into the room. “How dare you take My Women!” He shouted. “For that you shall die.” He announced as they rushed toward each other. Their swords moved through the air, clanging together and throwing out sparks every time one blade met the other. They went at each other for what seemed like eternity. Kenneth got in a good blow to the left side of Monolo's body, Blood spraying everywhere. Monolo returned with a swipe to Kenneth’s leg. “Damn.” He thought to himself. “Is that all these guys do is try to take the legs out from under you?” Kenneth could not believe how strong Monolo was. He knew that no matter how strong his will to live, he would not last much longer.
Chapter 16
As Ailis descended the stairs, she could see the women doing all that they could not to allow Monolo's followers to ascend to the second level. When they saw her coming they parted so she could pass. When she came to the bottom she turned and nodded to them and they closed their ranks.
There were ten vampires in a Semi circle around them. They laughed at her. “Awe…” One of them taunted. “The little witch thinks she can help.” They all had sarcastic expressions on their faces except the young vampire on the end who kept sliding looks sideways at the vamps taunting her as if the were crazy. Ailis could tell he didn't really believe they could be trying to taunt her. She invaded his mind to find out what he believed. These guys are idiots. She heard the vamp think to him self. Monolo is a psycho for thinking he can beat this Queen. Ailis heard him wondering what the hell he'd gotten himself into.
Ailis smiled at them and began to speak to the room. Everyone stopped in their tracks at the first sound of her voice. It boomed throughout the compound. Kenneth and Monolo stopped and stared at her as well. Kenneth could barley catch his breath and he had lost a lot of blood.
“One chance” She said. “I will give you one chance to get out.” Her entire body was glowing. She was nearly levitating off the floor. Kenneth stared awe struck and quite proud of his little witch. He could feel the power vibrating through the room. The men directly in front of her started to laugh at her. Except the one on the end who had started openly staring at them like they were nuts. Kenneth shook his head. Are they stupid? They should just shut up, while they still can.
“We are going to enjoy playing with you.” One said as he stepped forward. Ailis raised one eyebrow along with her hand and all of them but the one on the end instantly turned to ash. Kenneth could tell now that Ailis was not alone in there. He could see no sign of remorse for her actions. She was all Goddess now. He just hoped that when this was all over the Ailis he had grown to love so deeply was still in there somewhere.
“Now” She said addressing the room again. “Get out!” She bellowed. The whole house began to shake and things began to fly around. Most of Monolo's men took the hint and transferred themselves out. Only Monolo stayed.
He ticked his tongue at her shaking his head. “Ailis” he said.   “I don't see why you fight this. We are meant to work together. It is how she wants it. Can't you see?” He finished. He started to step closer but Kenneth stepped in front of him.
“If you want to live,” Kenneth warned. “I suggest you do as the lady says.”
“She won't kill me.”  Monolo retorted. “She won't want to ruin her only chance to fix this.”
Ailis looked down at him. “Who are you?” She asked.
“I wouldn't worry about who I am.” Monolo answered. “I would be more worried about that lovely daughter….”
Kenneth cut him off mid sentence by lunging at him. His energy was fueled by pure rage. They were killing each other and he was fine by that as long as he took the bastard with him. Ailis saw from somewhere inside herself that Kenneth had lunged at Monolo. She knew that he would fight to his last breath. She was tired scared and angry. She could feel her control slipping. She knew that in seconds she would lose it completely and the vengeance of the Goddess would take her over as it had Morgaine.
Kenneth felt power vibrate thought the room and knew Ailis was past control. He sent a mental warning for all vampires in the vicinity of the house to get out. This was going to be bad and he knew it. Monolo stopped and for the first time looked like he may be worried.
“Ailis” He said. “You have to come with me. We are supposed to work together. That is the way Morgaine wants it.”
“Even if that is so,” Her voice sounded through out the room. “I believe you are going about this the wrong way. Don't test me Monolo.” She stated. “I have more power than you do. I suggest you leave and think long and hard about what you have done over the years.” She went on. “I don't know what you have to do with any of this, but I have the feeling we are suppose to be working together. I think it is you who have been mistaking as to what end this journey is supposed to have. You are right I don't want to kill you. I want to help you. But know that if you give me no choice, I will wipe you from existence, weather Morgaine likes it or not.” She finished.
Kenneth watched. He was completely lost. What the hell was she talking about? Monolo seemed to be thinking about what she said. “I know I am not wrong in this.” He stated. “I have been trying to find the answer for way too long. But I need reinforcements anyway. I give the first battle to you, ma'am.” He said as he bowed. Then he was gone. Kenneth could not stand any longer. He fell to his knees and his world went black.
Ailis saw Kenneth fall and rushed toward him. William and the others flashed back in at that moment. William reached down and picked Kenneth up. “Take him to our room.” Ailis told him. She addresses the others. “Get everything back in order and turn in for the night. I doubt he will be back anytime soon. He needs to recover and build his forces once more. You all fought well tonight thank you.” Ailis was turning to follow them out when she heard a loud crack and turned to see the young vamp in the middle of the room, kneeling with his head bowed. The men rushed him as Ailis quickly read his thoughts. Please don't let them kill me. I didn't know he was crazy. He made me, how was I supposed to know? She heard him rambling to himself. “Stop” Ailis ordered to the men fixing to grab the vamp and haul him to his feet. They stopped and backed up a few paces. Ailis walked toward the vamp. “Look at me.” She ordered and he obeyed. He was young, Ailis could tell, still a boy but not yet a man. “What is your name?” She asked him.
“Stephen. Your Highness. My name is Stephen.” He rushed out.
“How old are you?” She asked the vampire.
“I'm eighteen ma'am. I mean Your Highness.” He answered.
“Just call me Ailis.” She told him. She looked at the men standing around him. “I have read him and he is safe. Get him a room.” She told them and looked back at him. “These men will take you to your room and I will talk to you tonight. I have a job for you to do to earn your place here.” She said and he visibly gulped. She chuckled. “Don't worry. It has nothing to do with Monolo.” She told him and was glad to see him visibly relax. “Get some rest. I'll speak with you tonight.” She told him as he followed the men out. Ailis turned and followed William up to her room.
William placed Kenneth down on the bed. “He has lost too much blood.” He said rolling up his sleeves.
“No.” Ailis said placing her hand on his arm. “That is my job now. You go to the attic and bring Kiera and my daughter to me; I know you must be anxious to see how she is.”
“Yes, of course.” He answered and nearly ran from the room. Ailis sat on the bed beside Kenneth. She pulled her sleeve up and bit into her wrist. She placed it to his mouth and when he did not drink right away she leaned down with tears in her eyes.
“Don't you dare think of leaving me Kenneth” She said. “I will not allow our daughter to grow up without her father.” He did not respond. “Kenneth.” She said shaking him with her free hand. “Drink damn it!” His eyes popped open as red as blood and then he latched onto her wrist and drank deeply. When she knew he'd taken as much as she could give, she pulled her arm free and he continued to sleep. God I hope that was enough. She thought as it was all she could afford to give as her body needed time to heal from this night’s craziness.
William came in with Kiera following behind. She was holding their daughter in her hands. She came to Ailis and placed the baby in her hands. Ailis had tears in her eyes. “She is so beautiful.” She said.
“What will you name her?” Kiera asked.
Ailis sat for a moment. “I will call her Morgaine.” Ailis said looking up at them.
Kiera smiled. “I think she will like that.”
“How is he?” William asked.
“I think he will be fine after a resting sleep.”  She answered. “He fought his heart out.” she continued. “As you all did. Were there any deaths?” She asked fearing the worst.
“Only Monolo's men.” William answered with a show of bravado.
“Thank the Goddess.” Ailis sighed in relief. “I'm sure you both are very tired. Please. Go rest, it is near dawn. I will see everyone after nightfall.” After they left, Ailis sat a while looking down at Morgaine. She had dark hair and almost black eyes like her father. She was the most beautiful thing that Ailis had ever seen. “You would be so proud Abuela.” Ailis said and she could swear that she heard her laughing approval.
After feeding the baby, she could hardly keep her eyes open. She placed her in her bassinet where she continued to sleep and lay down with Kenneth. She was out in only minutes.
***
Kenneth awoke hours before dusk. He felt tired but pretty good other than that. He saw Ailis sleeping next to him. He reached up and moved some random strands of hair from her face. She was so lovely. He loved her so much. What had woken him up? He wondered. He didn't sense danger anywhere near. He heard the sound again. It was an agitated cry from the corner of the room. He then remembered their daughter. He'd not even seen her yet. He willed the light on and climbed from the bed. He was nervous as he walked across the floor. He had no idea what to expect as he approached the bassinet. He peered in and caught his breath. He leaned over to pick the child up and she instantly quieted down.
“You have to be quiet sweet heart. Mama is sleeping.” He cooed at the child. She smiled back at him. “She has had a very trying night and needs her rest.” He sat down in the chair beside the bassinet and began to rock the child. He just looked down at her. He couldn't help it; he was amazed as tears welled up in his eyes. This was his daughter. He had a child. It was his flesh and blood, the one thing he has resigned him-self to never having, and now look, he was a father.
“Are you OK?” He heard Ailis ask as she sat up in bed.
He cleared his throat. “Yes” He answered looking down at the child. “I am just happy.”
Ailis patted the bed beside her and he got up, walked to her and sat down but he did not give her the baby. She smiled and ran her finger down the side of the child's face. “I have named her Morgaine. I hope you don't mind.” She said looking up at him.
“Not at all,” He answered. “I think it's a lovely name.”
Ailis looked at the clock. “It's only three Kenneth. What are you doing awake?” She asked. “Are you OK?” She sounded worried.
“I am fine.” He said. “Morgaine wanted some attention so she woke me up. Isn't that right sweet heart?” He said looking down at her. She cooed in response and grabbed a hold of his finger. He laughed.
“I am sorry. I didn't hear her.” Ailis started.
“Don't be.” He said. “I can get up with her. I don't mind. You don't understand Ailis. I thought I would never have children. This is the happiest day of my life. I have the woman I love and want to marry. I have my child”
“Wait!” She stopped him. “Did you say want to marry?”
“Oh yeah,” He said. “Hold on.” He told her while he placed the baby in the bassinet and reached into his coat pocket to take something out. He came back to the bed and got to his knees. She was still sitting up in the bed.
“Oh My God.” She said, suddenly feeling as if she couldn't breathe. Even though she knew it was absurd as she no longer needed to breathe to stay alive.
“Ailis, I have known for the longest time that I am in love with you. I want to spend the rest of our days together, raising our children and our grandchildren. Please, please do me the great honor of being my wife.” He asked through his suddenly dry throat.
Ailis was crying now. She was so over whelmed. The only thing she could do was launch her self at him and kiss him more deeply that she ever had.
He laughed. “Is that a yes then?” He asked.
“Yes. Yes, my love, yes I will marry you. I love you so much and couldn't see spending even one day without you.” She answered raining kisses all over his face.  Just then the baby started crying. Kenneth got up to get her from the Bassinet.
“Bring her to me.” Ailis said.
“I can do it.” Kenneth said. “I really want to.”
“Well.” Ailis started. “She’s hungry and unless you are going to breast feed her you had better bring her to me.” Kenneth had a look of mortification on his face. Ailis laughed. “Bring her here and I can feed her. I promise I will give her back when she is done.”
Kenneth smiled and brought the baby to Ailis but he did not leave. He sat on the bed, draped his arm over Ailis’ shoulder and stroked the baby's head while she ate. “You know.” He said after a while. “I think I might be jealous.” Ailis laughed and smacked his leg. “Wow.” He protested playfully. “That hurt. I'll go take a shower while you feed her.” He said. “That way when you’re done I'll take her while you shower.”
“That sounds good to me.”  She said and Kenneth went to the bathroom.
***
Ailis came out of the shower an hour later and stopped in the doorway. Kenneth did not see her. She took the opportunity to just look at him as he sat on the edge of the bed, bare-chested and bare feet holding Morgaine in the safety of his arms. He was looking down at her with the most content look on his face. He was far from the vampire warrior she'd met and fell in love with but she thought she like this side of him even better.
Ailis walked over to him and reached down to take the baby from him. He looked up at her and smiled. “I can stay with her.”  He said. “I don't mind.”
Ailis smiled at him. “She is asleep. I thought I would put her in the bassinet.” He reluctantly gave her up; Ailis put her down in the bassinet and walked back to the bed. “Now” She said grabbing his hands. “The baby is asleep and we have awoken to early. Everyone is likely still asleep. What should we do?”
Kenneth's eyes turned dark. “I don't know, my sweet. What do you have in mind?”
“Let’s see.” Ailis started. “I feel the need to celebrate.” Kenneth stood and whisked her off her feet. He turned and placed her on the bed. Ailis giggled. She always felt like an innocent school girl with him. “Shh.” she told him. “We have to be quiet.”
Kenneth chuckled. “You had better get a pillow my dear, because I am in the mood to thoroughly love you this evening.”
“Oh really,” Ailis answered.
“Oh yes.” Kenneth stated. “You may not be able to move for some time.” He said winking at her. He then proceeded to make good his word.
***
Monolo was furious as he burst through the doors to his study. How could he have been bested again? He knew deep in his soul, Ailis was the key to everything. He knew Morgaine wanted her to work with him. But why wouldn't he. He turned as he heard a sound in the corner of the room. Marilyn jumped up. “I am sorry, my lord. I did not know that you would be home.” She stammered. “I was just reading. I will leave now.” She went to rush through the door but he stopped her with his hand on her arm.
He was momentarily shocked when a sudden electrical charge shot straight up his arm. Marilyn jerked as if she felt it to. “Don't go.” He told her though he had no idea why. “I mean.” He said running his hands through his hair. “I don't mind if you stay here to read. The light is the best in the house.”
She inclined her head toward him. “Thank you my lord.” She said as she turned to resume her seat in the corner with the lamp. He went to his desk and tried to work on something. He had a difficult time as he could hear the blood running through her veins. He could smell her perfume. Damn if he didn't want her more than he had ever wanted a woman.
Why he didn't go and take what he wanted was beyond him. For some odd reason he actually cared what she thought of him. He leaned back in his chair and exhaled a deep breath looking at the ceiling. Forget it he thought. He would get no work done tonight. Not with her here. “Are you all right my lord?” She startled him out of his thoughts by asking. When he looked she was no longer in the chair but standing in front of his desk.
“Yes. Yes.” He said. “I am quite fine. I'm just tired. What are you reading?” He inquired about the book.
“Just a story” She said evasively.
“I gathered that.” He said raising his eyebrows.
She looked at the chair beside her. “May I?” She asked gesturing to the chair.
“Of course.” He said. She sat and looked at him. “The book is the story of a man who is charged with murder. It is his tale and account of all that happened.”
“Oh. I see.” He gathered. “I guess that he was falsely accused and he'd done nothing wrong?” He asked.
“No.” She stated. “He did kill whom he was being charged with killing. Although I have not finished the book, I am beginning to think that at least he thought that he had good reason.”
Monolo raised his eyebrow. “I find it hard to believe that you would agree with anything being killed.”
“I don't normally but the man who was killed did awful things to his daughter, his killer was her brother and he felt it was his duty to his sister to do what he did.”
“Wow.” Monolo said. “Why is that forgivable?” He asked.
“I don't presume to make a choice that is not mine. It is not my place to condemn a person for what he does. That is between him and his God.” She said. “I have seen a great many men and women driven to do horrible things in the name of duty and honor. I don't think that makes them bad men, I just think that we all lose our way sometimes.”
Monolo cocked a brow. “Are you speaking of anyone in particular?”
“No my lord, I was just speaking in general. She answered and went back to reading her book.”
Monolo took out his files and maps on Arthur and Merlin and began to look for another clue. He was so exasperated with the centuries of looking for an answer that seemed to always elude him. Marilyn stood up and came around the corner of the desk. “Why are you always so frustrated?”  She asked. If anyone else had asked the question he would have probably killed him or her.
He let out a heavy breath. “Have you ever looked for an answer for so long you started to think there really wasn't one to find.” He asked.
She smiled down at him. “There is always an answer.” She said. “You just need to know where to look.” She sat next to him. “Why don't you tell me about it? Maybe I can help. After all whom would I tell?” She asked.
He thought about that for a moment. He turned to the maps on the table. “Have you ever heard of Camelot?” He asked.
“Of course.” She answered.
“Have you ever heard of what happened after the veil was closed and all who lived there were banished?” He asked.
“Yes.” She said. He was surprised. Most people did not know anything after that.
“What do you know?” He asked.
She smiled for a moment. “I know that where there are now two separate species, witches and vampires, there used to be only one, a whole species that lived in Avalon together.” She said.
“How did you know that?” He asked suspiciously.
“Don't worry about how I know. Someday I will tell you who I really am. For now, be content that I have chosen to share anything with you.” She told him bluntly.
“Why did you?” He asked.
“Because I know who you are.”  She stated. He looked puzzled and then she spoke his name. Not the name that so many know him by, but his real Christian name. His mouth fell wide open.
“Did you know the whole time?” He asked.
“I suspected. Yes.” She answered. “But I was not sure until I just spoke it.” His face turned dark. “Don't worry, my lord.” She said as she placed her palm on his cheek. The dark look faded from his face. I shall not reveal your secret to anyone. Her thumb stroked his face. “Ah...” She breathed. “I had so hoped that you would have realized the error of your ways by now. I have been ready for so long to take my rightful place.” She lowered her head and brushed a feather light kiss to his face. “I am very drained my lord. I would request to go to bed now, if it would please you.”
Monolo was speechless. He had no idea what to say. He was dumbfounded. “I suppose that would be fine.” He managed to say. She smiled at him, stood and left the room closing the door quietly behind her.
Chapter 17
Monolo slept fitfully that night. He dreamed of Morgaine. He was standing at her feet on a hill in the middle of the daylight. He bowed his head to her. “I have failed you.” He said.
“No you haven't. She answered with a smile. “It is never too late.” She said with a knowing smile.
“I still can't find the answer.” He said.
“But you have already found it.” She said. “You have just been so busy trying to see how you could use it to your benefit.” She was gone then. He screamed for her over and over again but she did not return. He heard someone calling his name. He woke with someone shaking him. He lunged on the person with full animal instincts. He woke on top of Marilyn fully changed. He could see in her face that she was very frightened. He jumped off of her changing back as he did so.
“I am so sorry.” She said getting from the bed. He could feel himself returning to normal. He risked a look at her as she was getting up to hurry from the room.
He caught her arm, once again feeling the current traveling through him. “Why are you here?” He asked.
“I... I heard you call out.” She stammered. “I thought you must have been dreaming. It sounded awful. I couldn't bear it any longer.”
He knew it was a bad idea to place her in the room next to his. He had to fight himself every night not to go to her. He should let her go while he was still in control. Yet, he could not bring himself to do so. The centuries alone had taken their toll on him. For the first time, he was realizing that what he set out to do and what he'd done were two different things.
He was overwhelmed with feelings that he had suppressed long ago. Marilyn's face suddenly changed and she looked wary.
“I am sorry to have bothered you.” She said. “I will leave you now.”
Monolo realized that he must have looked angry. “No.” He said. “Please, don't go.” She scrunched her eyebrows in confusion.
“Please.” He asked. “Sit.” She sat on the edge of the bed where he had sat when the feelings threatened to overwhelm him. He said nothing for a few moments. He looked at her. “I have done terrible things.” He stated. “Unforgivable things, in the name of what I thought were my duties.” He continued, sorrow and shame washing over him. “I didn't start out like this you know. I don't even remember when I got like this.” Marilyn just sat there and listened. He averted his gaze to his lap. To his horror he felt tears well up in his eyes.
She reached up and placed her hand on his cheek. “Look at me.” She said. He obeyed. “What is it you want?” She asked.
“I don't know.” He stated. “I wanted to fix all that had been brought on our people. I wanted to be the one to mend the indiscretions and allow everyone to go back to Avalon. But the longer I went not finding the answer, the more off course I got. I promised her when she died that she would not have to wait long to go back home. They can't go home!” He told her urgently.  “Do you know that?” He asked desperately.
“Morgaine, Arthur, all of them are stuck in some sort of everlasting limbo. Even as the veil closed, we were not allowed admittance even in death. They are stuck there waiting for me to fix this and I can't do it. It has been eating at me for centuries.” He stopped and looked into her eyes. He did not see pity there only compassion and something else he could not define.
“I believe,” He started. “I have lost my way.” He finished as self loathing overtook him. He gave in at that moment. He cried like the child that he was when his promise was made. He cried like the child that he was when he lost everyone he loved.
***
Marilyn did not laugh at him or make any move to walk away. She simply pulled him into her arms and held him as he cried for all the things that he'd done and would now be forced to live with. She knew the road ahead of them would not be an easy one. But it had to be taken. The first part of her sacred duty was done. This was what she was here for after all. This was her station. She was and always should have been his loyal servant.
Monolo slept for hours, she was still by his side when he woke. She decided it was time. “I need to tell you something.” She stated and he raised his head and looked at her.
“Are you finally going to tell me who you are now?” He asked.
“Yes.” She stated. He listened tentatively as she told him everything. Her cousin was the Swan of the Lake. Her family had always served the Lady of the Lake and the High Merlin. In her family there were always two girls. She would have a girl to take her place when the time came and so would Kiera. That is the way it worked. They were the keepers of secrets, they were the protectors. Although she and Kiera knew that in the time of Arthur the Swan family did not protect, as they should have. They were jealous of Morgaine and did not see fit to help her when the time came. They saw that she was being taken advantage of and instead of helping; they stood by and watched hoping that she would condemn herself. But instead the Goddess saw fit to teach them a lesson and condemn the whole race.
Monolo sat there astonished, not responding for a few moments. “I knew we had been punished and that's why we where no longer allowed in Avalon, but I didn't know about you. So you are to be the second only to the High Merlin?”  He asked. He supposed that was good. She'd do a great job of keeping The Merlin, whoever he was on the straight and narrow. Why did he feel so bereft?
She smiled at him. “Yes I am. When he is named that is. He will not be named until the punishment is over.” He felt elated and then saddened. “What is it?” She asked.
“I just feel so bad because I felt good that you would not have to leave as I can’t find the answer.”
She smiled again. “Don't be. I can't say that I would be happy to leave your side.” He looked at her. “We will talk of such things later. Right now I need to finish. Most of those who know the story do not know of the whole tale. The Goddess separated us to punish us. To show us why it is we should work together instead of plotting against each other. She went on. “If the previous Swans had helped Morgaine when they knew she needed it things would not have turned out as they did. It wasn't just them either. All in Avalon were aware of what was being done to Morgaine and they all turned a blind eye. But since the punishment has ensued we have bickered back and forth throughout all the centuries instead of working as one.”
Monolo meant to interrupt her but was cut short. “Don't do it.” She warned. “I know it was you who told the priests of the witches in Salem. It started the whole witch hunt, just as it was us who leaked the existence of vampires and sent people all over the world to hunt your kind. Both races are at fault here. We were supposed to be learning a lesson. Instead we kept bickering and fighting. The Goddess hurts to see us like this.” Marilyn finished.
Monolo cursed under his breath. “I should have known all along this was how to go about it.” He said.
“But you couldn't have.” She stated. “How were you to know that a witch attacked while pregnant, could bare a child of both races. A child that would be able to bare a vampire's child making the two races one again.” You only just discovered this.”
Monolo laughed a bitter laugh to himself. “I only found out through one of my many sins. I attacked Ailis’ grandmother while she was pregnant. Monolo hung his head, remembering the pain he'd caused so many. He had to make this right. I have much to atone for if that is possible at all. We must bring all of my men together. Most of them know nothing of this and I have quite a bit of explaining to do.” He was determined to fix all that he had screwed up along the way.
***
Ailis walked into the conference room with Kenneth where Kiera had requested they all assemble. When they were all seated Kiera addressed the room. “I am sorry to drag you all in here but I need to discuss this with all of you.”
William raised his eyebrow at Kenneth. “Do you know what this is about?” Kenneth asked.
“Don't ask me.” William answered. “She hasn't told me a thing.”
Kiera began. “I have spoken to my cousin, Marilyn. She is the one that would not leave the compound when you went to rescue us.” She directed at Kenneth. He sat with his mouth gaping open. “She had to stay you see. Monolo is her duty.”
Ailis sat up straight. “Wait the other Swan is the second to Merlin!” She nearly shouted.
“That is correct.” Kiera answered.
“No wonder he is so hard to defeat.” Kenneth stated.
Kiera let them know the entire story except one minor detail in which she felt that Ailis was not ready to hear. They sat in stunned silence for a few moments. She did add that Monolo does not know that he is the rightful heir to the Merlin status. “So what you are saying.” Kenneth started “is that Monolo wants to meet with us?”
“Yes.” She said. “I am to let Marilyn know where to meet. He does ask that you give him a days notice as he will be traveling by car.”
William corked an eyebrow. “He is using a car?” He asked.
Kiera smiled. “He is bringing Marilyn with him and would like to travel the safest way with her in her current condition.”
Ailis was stunned. Monolo was acting the gentleman. “That's just crazy.” She said. Kenneth looked at Ailis. “Oh I don't know about that.” He said with a chuckle. “Leave it to a woman to turn a man so completely inside out; he's never the same again.” He finished, winking at Ailis.
She shrugged and looked at Kiera. “You may tell Marilyn that we will meet in Glastonbury tomorrow evening. Let him know that we will protect ourselves and he should understand as his past behavior dictates we should.” Kiera inclined her head and left the room.
***
The next evening, they were all waiting when Monolo pulled up. Morgaine had been left in the care of Stephen, the young vamp who was now in charge of guarding the children. He stepped out and reached up to help a young woman out. She had long blond flowing hair and even though you could tell she was nearly to the bursting point with child, she radiated beauty; she looked very similar to Kiera. They assumed this must be Marilyn. Monolo approached Kenneth and Ailis who stood in the front of the group. Kiera walked forward and she and Marilyn hugged.
William stepped forward. “You seemed like you hated her when we went to get all of you.” He asked.
She smiled back at him. “That's what you were supposed to think silly. I couldn't very well tell you that she had to stay. This was what was supposed to happen.” She told them.
Monolo looked at Ailis and to everyone's shock, bowed. “I came to beg forgiveness My Queen. I have done terrible things. I did not start this path. I would like to have more time to explain but I am afraid I don't.” He told her.
Ailis raised her eyebrows. Kenneth stepped in front of her. “So have you come to fight then?”
“No.” Monolo answered. “I am done with that. My only thought is to fix all that has been done. Marcus however;” He said looking apologetically to Kiera, “Has not stopped the old course of actions.”
“Marcus.” Kiera said with her hand to her heart. “He is dead.”
“I regret to inform you that he is not. He has been vampire for nearly nine months now.”
William stepped forward. Monolo held out a hand. “There is no need for that, it was not my doing. I found him before sunrise after he was changed. I took him home and helped him. He however did not take to the change very well. I am assuming he was not always a maniac and that was a recent change.” He asked looking at Kiera.
Kiera looked down at her feet. Marilyn spoke up. “He has always been like that. He beat Kiera and the children. He was nasty even before.”
Kiera had tears in her eyes. “He let you kill our children?” She asked.
“He wanted me to.” Monolo said “But even I couldn't do that. I just wanted you to think they were dead. I thought it would make you help me. I realize now I was on the wrong path.”
“They are alive?” Kiera asked almost hysterical.
“Of course they are.” He answered.
“Does he know?” She asked.
“No he does not.” Monolo turned around as the car doors swung open and three small children bounded out. Kiera choked out a cry as they ran to her screaming “Mommy, Mommy.” Kiera was all tears and joy. “Mommy we missed you.” Her oldest Marissa stated. “Uncle said that the joke would only last a little longer and then we could go back home. He let us play outside and eat ice cream. Kiera stood and faced him with ice in her eyes.”
“I am sorry ma'am.” He said. “I did not realize how badly I had gone astray. I know you cannot forgive me for the pain I have caused but just to know that you have them back is enough for me.”
“I may never forgive you.” She stated. “But I can thank you for making sure that they were safe. You could have killed them and you didn't. That's enough for me.” She finished. He bowed to her. Ailis was stunned. She looked over at Kenneth and could tell he was stunned as well.
Monolo turned to Ailis and Kenneth. He looked troubled. “So that's it?” Kenneth asked. “Everything is just OK and we forget everything that has been done.” He asked sarcastically.
“No.” Monolo stated. “I am afraid we have a big problem to solve right now.” Just then there was a booming of thunder and another vampire showed up.
Ailis did not know who he was but she found out soon enough. Kiera inhaled a sharp breath. “Markus,” She hissed between her teeth.
Markus looked at her and smiled. “Hello wife.” He spat out as if he were talking to an animal. He looked down at the children and then back at Monolo. “I see you couldn't even kill them.” He said. “I knew you were weak.” He told Monolo. “You are just a weakling. All that time we spent planning.” He started “and this witch.” He said pointing at Marilyn, “comes along and changes everything. We worked so hard and all you had to do was get rid of Kiera and her offspring. They cannot survive. Do you not under stand that?” He asked. Monolo did not answer. “No matter, He said. I will remedy that shortly.” He stated as he walked toward Kiera and the children.
William jumped in front of Kiera and the children and disappeared, taking them; Ailis knew to the protection of Stephen before he quickly reappeared before Markus even had the chance to realize that they had gone. “Oh. I see.” Markus said laughing. “She has found herself another protector. No matter. When I am done here, I will find them and finish them.” They flew at each other. Just as they started to fight others appeared.
“They are the others who joined Markus when I told him we were going to work with you.” Monolo told them quickly as the spread out. There were at least fifty, if not more. Kenneth barley had time to think before they were all fighting everywhere. He cut down one after the other. Most of them were new and therefore not very strong. He glanced around to see William and Markus still fighting. He knew that William could hold his own so he focused on his task.
He could see Ailis standing to the side waiting. She never engaged in the fighting until she was very angry. He didn't worry overmuch about her either. She could definitely hold her own. It seemed like forever before the numbers dwindled down.
***
Ailis was watching with interest. She would let the men fight. It was their nature to fight for what they believed in. She would just make sure, should she be needed, she was there. She watched Kenneth taking down one after another and smiled. Her vampire was so strong. Not as strong as she was but Ailis didn't care. He was brave and honorable and loving and she was so glad she'd found him. Besides, no one was as strong as she was besides the Goddess. She watched William with Markus. He was doing OK but would not last much longer. Markus hit William with a devastating blow and he went to the ground. Markus was laughing.
“You should have known I'm too strong for you.” He stated. “Now, you will know that when I am finished with you I will find Kiera and the children. They will die screaming.”
Monolo came from nowhere and hit him in the chest with the palm of his hand. Markus flew across the yard and crashed into the side of the church. He shook his head and stood. “So,” He said to Monolo. “You have found new allies? They will not help you to succeed you know. You are a traitor and deserve to die.” They drew their swords and began circling each other.
Marilyn came to stand by Ailis. “How can you stand here and watch?” She asked Ailis. “While you know that our men need our help.”
Ailis looked at her. “You have to know they need to do this. They need to know that they can protect their own. Yes I could finish this for them, but men don't like to think that they are weaker that their women. Don't worry overmuch.” She told Marilyn. “I will not let this go too far.” Marilyn could not be still. She was afraid for Monolo.
Ailis could see that. Monolo was doing well holding his own. Kenneth was still steadily cutting through Markus' followers. Monolo cut Markus down to his knees and was standing over him now. Marilyn could take it no longer. She wanted to scream to him to be careful. Monolo shook his head. Marilyn realized that she had been projecting her feelings unknowingly. “Marilyn,” He yelled. “I am in the middle of a battle here. Calm down.” She screamed as she saw Markus swinging his arm around. He was holding a dagger in his hand. Suddenly Ailis knew what Morgaine was trying to tell her. She saw Arthur saying to Morgaine, “I’m in the middle of a battle mom”
“Stop” She yelled. Her voice sounded all around so loud the ground shook. Everyone stopped and looked at her. She looked at Monolo for a moment. “Arthur,” She said. “You’re Arthur.”  Kenneth was confused. Monolo stood still for a moment. Markus lunged at Monolo. Ailis held up her hand and he froze. She looked down at him. “Can't you see I am busy?” She asked. “Stay put.” She commanded.  Kenneth could see that this was all Ailis and not the Goddess within. She looked back at Monolo. “You are Arthur. You're Morgaine’s child. I didn't know what she was trying to tell me but now I know. She had another son after the fall of Camelot.”
Monolo hung his head. “I started out trying to find the answer, trying to figure out how to reverse the curse. I promised her that I would find a way when she died. That is how I became vampire. I thought that as I was already a witch and if I was changed it would successfully combine the two races. It did not work. I guess my desperation to find the solution drove me mad.” He finished sounding defeated.
Ailis lifted her hand to his face. “We are related.” She said. “You are my uncle. You knew that?” She asked.
“Yes.” He said, “I knew. All I was thinking about was mother and Arthur waiting in a void somewhere until I could find an answer and they could then ascend to their rightful resting place. I was desperate and do not deserve to be forgiven in anyone's eyes.”
***
Kenneth was lost. This was Morgaine's son. And he was also Merlin. He would never understand this stuff. Ailis explained to everyone that as they were banished from Avalon, when they die they cannot ascend to heaven so to speak. In the religion of the Goddess, when you pass, you ascend to sit beside her as a God like entity. As that is not possible, when they die they lay in wait until they are allowed once more to go back home. Kenneth understood now. He didn't know what he would do if he knew that those he cared for were stuck in waiting somewhere. He was a vampire after all and was not a saint by any means. Ailis looked down at Markus. “We are not going to kill you.” She said. “We have better ways to deal with those like you now.” Markus flinched. He had heard about their jail. They lock you in a dark room and feed you only what is necessary to live and you stay there for all eternity. They have a justice system now and Markus knew he was screwed.
***
They were at the compound two days later. Markus and those of his followers that were left were jailed. Ailis was in the conference room with Kenneth, Kiera, William, Marilyn and Arthur (Monolo). They were all waiting for Marilyn who called this meeting to start it off. She spoke to Arthur. “Arthur.” She started. “I like that name better, don't you?” She asked Ailis.
“Absolutely.” Ailis answered. Arthur was tried for his crimes but was given leniency as he cooperated with them now. He had community service for the next thirty years. He did not mind. He knew even that would not properly atone for all that he had done. His sentence was to work for the force for that time, doing paperwork for God's sake. Still, he knew he deserved it.
“Arthur.” Marilyn started again. “I have something more to tell you.” Arthur looked confused. Marilyn looked at Ailis as Kiera stood and came to the front next to her cousin. “As you know, Kiera is The Swan of the Lake. She is Ailis' lady in waiting.”
“Yes.” Arthur said unsure of where this was going.
“Well.” Marilyn continued. “I am the second for The Merlin. We are the secret keepers for the two rightful rulers of Avalon. You know this as well.” She went on.
Arthur hung his head. He knew, they were going to name the new Merlin and he would lose her forever. Marilyn put a finger to his chin and lifted it so that he could look into her eyes. Ailis came to stand beside her and he looked at her with apprehension. He was unsure of what was going on.
“Arthur.” Ailis addressed him. “Kneel before me so that I may properly ascend you to you’re rightful position among our people.”
Arthur was confused. Ailis smiled at him. “You are The Merlin.” She stated. Arthur’s eyebrows shot up. “You were always meant take to take the position after your grandfather passed.” Ailis told him.
Arthur sat silent for a moment. “I can’t believe this.” He finally stated. “If I am the Merlin, then why can I not after all of these years, figure out how to fix this?” He asked.
Ailis walked over to him. “Don't worry. We are together again.” She said. “All of us will work together. We will find the answer. Do not worry overmuch. I know that Morgaine and Arthur will be patient with us. They know we will get it right this time.”
***
It was summer. The trees and flowers were in bloom. They were in Glastonbury at the foot of the hill where the final battle was held. Kenneth stood at the beginning of the isle waiting for Ailis to be escorted to his side. William was at his side as his best man. He was going to be married in a few minutes. He would have never thought it would feel this good.
Kiera came first and carried Morgaine down the isle. His daughter saw him and began to laugh at him. He smiled at her. She was so precious. He never thought that he would have a family. At last he saw Ailis appear with Arthur at her side. He walked her down the isle and stopped her beside him. She looked up at him and he knew he was done for. It didn't matter how long they lived, what hell they went through, he would always love her.
The priest asked who gives this woman away. Arthur answered. “I do.” and he took his spot next to Marilyn. Kenneth almost missed the part where he repeated the vows as he was lost in her eyes. They said I do at last and he kissed her for all he was worth. There were cheers everywhere, Arthur stepped forward and shook his hand. “Congratulations.” He said and turned to Ailis. He hugged her tight. When he released her, he looked down at her. “You all saved me from myself.” Thank you. He said “for giving me back my humanity.” She hugged him again quickly.
“I am just glad to have family again.” She said. “And now we are all family.”
“Yes.” Arthur answered. “We are family.” Just then the wind began to blow steadily. Ailis took Little Morgaine from Kiera. She, Kenneth, William and Arthur turned and came face to face with Morgaine and Arthur.
Morgaine stepped forward and smiled at them all. “You have done it.” She said. “You have proven to the Goddess that you have learned you’re lesson. Even though you are currently two different races you have come together as one.” She stepped aside and Kenneth saw that the veil that had always been ever-present was now fading. It was beautiful. Fields and waterfalls as far as the eye could see. There were houses that looked like they were built in trees. They were immaculate. Even though it was night were they were, it was broad daylight across the threshold. All of the vampires took a step back.
“We can’t go in there.” Kenneth said. “The sun is out. 
“Trust me.” Morgaine said. “All will be well.”
Kenneth looked at Ailis. She looked at Morgaine and nodded her head. He took a deep breath and said out loud. “Well here goes.” He stepped over into the sun. He held his breath and waited for the pain. It did not come. He opened his eyes. He could feel the warmth on his face. He could see the sun touching his body but no pain. None. He was speechless. He turned and signaled to the others and they all walked over. They all started talking at once. Morgaine held up her hand. “As a reward for all that you have gone through, the Goddess has restored all full powers. Each of you is once again complete.”
Kenneth's breath left his body. Tears were coming from his eyes. (something that never happens by the way.) 
“You mean I am human again?” He asked. “I don't have to drink Blood?”
“No.” Morgaine answered. “You are Avalonian. You do not have to drink blood to survive any longer and you can wield the magic of you’re kind.”
Ailis hugged him tight. “You can go swimming in the sun.” She said, as she kissed him.
Morgaine walked to Arthur who bowed to her. She bent down and cupped his chin with her hand; “I knew you would do it my son.” She said.
King Arthur came to stand beside Morgaine and he spoke for the first time. “I thank you, my nephew.” He said and looked up at the rest of them. “I thank all of you. We are now able to go home.” He looked at Ailis. “Take care of them Ailis, Queen of Avalon.” He said “you and Young Arthur here will fulfill our dreams.” He looked at Morgaine nodded and took his place back behind her.
Morgaine looked at Arthur and hugged him. “It is time I went home. Take care of yourself my son.” She stood and walked to Ailis. She looked down and stroked the side of her great nieces face. “Take care of her Ailis.” Morgaine said. “She is meant for even greater things than her mother.” Ailis nodded her head. Morgaine turned and walked to Arthur. They turned and walked away. Within seconds they were gone.
Chapter 18
Kenneth sat on the beach watching Morgaine build a sandcastle. He loved taking her to the beach. “Come help me daddy.” She called to him. She was now three years old. Ailis was at a council meeting with Arthur (Merlin) and the rest of the council. There was no longer a need for the force as when the banishment was lifted the Goddess took care of all of that.
All vampires that were changed from humans were given the choice of turning back, with the exception of Kenneth. Even though he was once human, the Goddess made him Avalonian anyway; A treat for helping Ailis to break the curse.
Avalon was wonderful. They ran their own council and all who were born with the gift that were human, were given the chance to come and train. There were still a choice few humans that the Goddess took an interest in. For the first time in his life, Kenneth knew what happiness and peace felt like.
Ailis came walking up and sat down beside him. “Are you done for the day my sweet?” He asked.
“Yes.” she answered. “I am yours and Morgaine's for the rest of the day.”
Kenneth pulled her onto his lap. “I can think of some things I need done. Your Highness.” He told her as he nuzzled her neck.
Ailis laughed playfully. “Speaking of, “She started. “It seems that we are going to have a very active spring.” She said as Kenneth put his arm around her shoulder.
“How do you mean?” He asked.
“Well,” she started. “Kiera and Marilyn are both pregnant.”
“Really?” he asked. “Are we to witness the birth of the new Merlin?”
Ailis shook her head. “Not from Marilyn.” She stated. “She is having a girl. Besides, she said it doesn't work like that. It is the first son born to the family that takes the Merlin title. Not necessarily Merlin's son.” She finished taking his hand in hers.
“Oh.” Kenneth answered. “I didn't know that.”
Ailis looked into Kenneth's eyes. “Morgaine is very strong already and she is only three.” she said.
“Yes.” Kenneth answered. “Both my wife and daughter are stronger that I am.”
“Does that bother you?” Ailis asked.
“No not at all.” Kenneth answered. “I find it refreshing knowing that I don't have to worry about you every second for the rest of my life.”
“You lie.” Ailis accused. “You still worry.”
“I know” Kenneth said as he stole a kiss from her, “but not every second of the day.” He defended him self.
She laughed. “How would you feel about raising a Merlin?” she asked.
Kenneth looked at her for a minute and she nodded. He smiled and pulled her close in his arms. “I think my wife, that I would love that.” He answered.
Morgaine came up just then. “What are you guys doing?” she asked.
Kenneth took her into his arms. “We are celebrating.” He explained.
“Celebrating what?” She asked.
“You are going to be a big sister.” He answered. Her face lit up. She reached over and placed her hand on Ailis' belly. Her mouth came open in an O.
“I am going to have a brother.” She giggled. “And he will be like Uncle Arthur.” She jumped up and lifted her body off of the ground. She started doing a child's happy dance in the air. “Yeah!” she said. “This will please the Goddess very much”
Ailis and Kenneth laughed. Ailis jumped up grabbed her from the air and ran with her to the sand castle. Kenneth could not begin to explain even to himself how happy he was at the way his life turned out. He looked to the sky and sent a silent thank you to Carmelita. He smiled as he could have sworn he heard her laugh.
The End or is it?
 Epilogue
Avalon 1992
Ailis was finishing up dinner as Karma and Arthur lay stretched out on the living room floor playing some war strategy board game. They were having fun and learning basic battle strategies at the same time. Multitasking at its best, Kenneth called it. Ails supposed one had to do things differently when raising the future rulers of an entire realm. She just wished sometimes that the children could have a normal childhood, like she did growing up on earth.
Movies, dates, and dances. Normal school that did not require the training of deflecting spells and hand to hand combat. “How different her life was from what she thought it would be.” She thought to herself as she rested on a stool at the bar in the kitchen, watching the children concentrating on what the best next move would be.
Morgaine Carmelita Nunez, (Karma) the future Queen of Avalon and the first pure bred born Avalonian in centuries was now six years old. She had her fathers’ cunning nature, her mothers’ genius brain and all the power of the direct blood line of Merlin and King Arthur. She was a handful. Ailis thought to her self with an inward smile.
Arthur Kenneth Nunez the heir to the throne of the Merlin was now three years old. He had his fathers’ dark temper and his mothers’ total loyalty and compassion. He loved with every piece of himself but she hated to ever see what he might do to some one who crossed anyone that Arthur loved. But all in all, he was just a sweet wonderful boy.
Karma on the other hand, Ails thought watching Karma's hands start to shake as she was trying and failing to hold her temper. Author had just bested her knights for the second time in a row and Karma was not great at admitting defeat. “You Cheated!” Karma accused her brother.
“How could I have cheated?” Arthur threw back, “half the game is electronic. I can't control the computer Kar!” He told her.
“Karma” Ailis said sighing. “Control it, before I do it for you.” She finished firmly as she leveled that look that all mothers prefect about the time they give birth. You know the one that tells the kids “Don’t fuck with me,” without saying a word?
Karma heaved a few deep breaths before slinging her arms in the air and saying belligerently “Fine!” The book shelf behind her fell over and all the books scattered across the living room.
“Great! Just Great. Karma!” Arthur yelled at her. “You scattered all the pieces.”
“Enough” Ailis said firmly, her voice vibrating the walls a tiny bit. The children looked up at her shutting up immediately. “Karma, Clean this up right now.” Ailis said to her daughter. Karma pouted a little but turned to raise her hands to magically replace the books on the shelf. “No.” Ailis stopped her, “without magic.” She finished firmly. Karma looked like she may have argued before Ailis leveled her with “The Look.” and she began picking up the books to place them manually back on the shelf. Ailis bent down to pick up her Grandmothers Journal that had landed open at her feet. She picked it up noticing that the binding had come lose in the fall. “Great.” She thought to herself. “I knew I should have had this put up somewhere.” Just then a folded piece of paper fell out of the middle of the front cover binding and Ailis' stomach did a flip flop. This could not be good. She thought as she bent down to pick up the paper. Standing, she noticed that it was a piece of old notebook paper that was folded in half. She opened it carefully and read the handwritten poem on it.
***
When the two species have finally become one.
The child must pass trial else all will be undone.
Within a test of no small measure,
The child will be given the choice of a treasure.
The road may be dark and and more than dreary
But the child must not stop no matter how weary.
Be careful the deceiver that lies in wait,
Wanting the child to consume the bait.
Mind the Viper that stays at rest,
Waiting for the chance to administer the test.
The child must move forward ever mindful of the goal,
Always trust in thyself and listen to thy soul.
***
Ailis stood there rereading the poem over and over again with her heart falling to her toes and a feeling of dread creeping up her spine. Nothing good ever came from anything in her grandmothers journal. She became aware that she was being called and looked up from the poem to see Karma and Arthur staring at her. She noticed that all of the books had been replaced.
“What was it you said?” she asked the children, not even sure which of them called her.
“What's that you’re reading?” Karma asked her again suspicion evident in her tone.
“Yeah” She heard Kenneth's voice say through the door behind her. “What's that?”
Ailis shrugged her shoulders hoping she looked more relaxed than she felt as she answered the kids. “Oh. Nothing, just some old recipe of your grandmother's” She told them placing it back in the binding and placing the book back on the shelf as if it were nothing of interest. She knew that if Karma thought she was missing out on something she would make it her mission to find out. They were going to have to tell the kids this sooner or later. But not until Ailis had time to figure out the latest in her grandmother's infamous riddles. Even dead, the lady could still play a mean game of Clue. Damn that woman, Ailis thought with a smile before turning to take the lasagna out of the oven to cool. The children went back to their game.
“What was that?” Kenneth asked through their shared mental link.
Ailis looked up at him. “Trouble.” she answered in the same way looking at the children now enthralled in their game. She looked back at him helplessly. “real big freaking trouble babe.” She finished as he took her into his arms. “What are we gonna do?” She asked sounding sad and helpless even in his head. “Whatever it is that spoiled brat wants to do to us now, we’ll get through it love.” He told her looking down into her eyes. “We always figure it out.” He finished.
Ailis looked over at the children again and his eyes followed. “It's not us I'm worried about figuring out what it is she wants.” she answered him not looking away from the children.

Dun dun duuuun!!!!

Holy crap. That was intense. You thought they were done didn’t you? Yeah. So did I but you will find out as I did that nothing is ever that easy. You are probably thinking how the heck I could consider all that I have just told you easy. Trust me. When I tell you more, you will see that compared to what is coming next, what has already happened was easy. I know you are dying to know what happens next but I am totally wiped out right now. I need a break and I have a feeling you really do as well. Take some time. Let the secrets I have revealed float around in your head. Do you know whats going on yet? I bet you don’t. Stay tuned for the next installment of my story entitled Legacy Foretold and find out which “Child” the strange new Legacy was talking about.
About the Author:
 Nicole Hill was born and raised in a very small town and with not much else to do, she turned to reading. Nicole loved the escape that she found in the pages of the stories that she read. At around the age of twelve Nicole started to write down some of her own stories to read to her brother and sister before bed. Around the same time, she became very interested in the tales of King Arthur and Morgan Le Fay. Nicole loved the way magic was so alive in the legends. She always lost herself entirely in the world of Merlin but always hated the way the legends ended. She was always left wondering why they were never given a chance to redeem themselves. So Five years ago, when Nicole was working at a call center and had loads of time between calls, she decided she wanted to finish their stories, her way. So here it is. Legacy Forgotten is the first in the Avalon Legacies. This is Nicole's way of fixing what she considered to be a great injustice. She hopes you enjoy their world as much as she has.
***
I hope you enjoyed Legacy Forgotten. It is the first installment in he Avalon Legacies and the beginning of a long and grand adventure for Kenneth, Ailis and their children. Please feel free to leave me a review. I love the feedback.

        Twitter: https://twitter.com/nicolehill17
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/nicolehillauthor
Blog:  http://nicolefaithhill.blogspot.com

