
* * *

SECOND CHANCES SERIES

* * *

This Volume includes

The Prequel
plus
Lianne

* * *

by
Mona Ingram

* * *

COVER DESIGN:
Elizabeth Mackey Graphic Design

* * *

About this series:
The series comprises five complete stories… one for each woman.
Each book describes one woman’s journey as she arrives at this point in her life, and includes the love story that develops as she works to save the town of Chance.

* * *

Copyright © 2017 Mona Ingram
All rights reserved.

* * *

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locations is entirely coincidental.
The town of Chance California is completely fictional, and the author has taken liberties in describing Looe, Cornwall.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE PREQUEL
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
LIANNE
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine

THE PREQUEL

In The Prequel you’ll get to know the five women whose stories make up the series. You’ll also discover the challenges they face in bringing their home town of Chance back to life and meet the men who play a vital part in their success.

Chapter One
“Here.” Gabby reached for the mirror. “Let me show you the back.”
Lianne met the hairdresser’s gaze in the mirror and smiled her approval. “Looks great, as usual. Thanks, Gabby.”
“I’m glad you came in.” Gabby took her time returning the mirror to the hook. “I haven’t seen you since you came back from England. How was the trip?”
England. Lianne had been home for slightly over two weeks, but there were times – like late at night when she couldn’t sleep – when she could still smell the fresh, tangy scent of the ocean and feel the warmth of James’ hand as they walked along the beach. And on those long, desperate nights as the moon sent pale streaks of light through her curtains, she wondered if her heart would ever recover from the pain of realizing how foolish she’d been to think that she and James would ever have anything more than a fleeting holiday encounter.
Lianne dragged herself back to the present. She’d been keeping to herself, afraid that her heartbreak might be written across her face for everyone to see. She had known Gabby since attending high school here in Chance, and true to her nickname, Gabrielle was the town gossip. Confide in her in the morning and the whole town would be buzzing by suppertime.
“The trip was great.” Lianne forced herself to look into the other woman’s eyes. “Thanks for asking.”
Gabby got the unspoken message: no more questions. Lianne had never known her to take offense, which was why she continued to come back to Gabby’s Clip and Curl. That plus the fact that there was nowhere else within fifty miles.
Gabby rang up the charges and accepted Lianne’s card. “Everybody’s talking about that terrible television program. Is it true that Madison is coming home?”
Lianne nodded. “Yes, she’s arriving sometime tomorrow as far as I know.”
Gabby shook her head. “I can’t imagine what it was like for her, finding out that her marriage was over on national television. That sort of thing usually happens only in the movies. Like that movie with Sandra Bullock and that sexy singer. What’s his name?”
“Harry Connick.”
“Yeah, him. I’d absolutely die if that happened to me.”
“Me, too.” Lianne tucked her credit card into her purse. “How did you find out that Madison is coming? I just spoke with her a few hours ago.”
Gabby glanced back into the salon as though checking for other customers. Lianne didn’t have the heart to point out that it had been empty when she arrived and that nothing had changed. “Why her poor Momma stopped in this morning. I guess Madison told her she was coming, but that she’d be staying with you. Madge was hoping Madison would stay with her.”
Lianne was quick to defend her friend. “Madison needs the peace and quiet of the ranch. Besides, Madge and Norm just don’t have the space.”
Gabby nodded vigorously. “I know, but I didn’t want to argue with her. She’s so proud that Maddie made something of herself.”
“I know, and it’s sweet.” Lianne sighed. “People are good about not bothering Maddie when she comes home but this time it’s more important than ever. If anyone asks, you might just say that she wants her privacy.” She gave Gabby an encouraging smile. “I know she’d appreciate your help with that.”
“I will. I will. She may not be a major movie star, but everyone knows who she is.” Gabby walked outside with Lianne and looked up and down the main street. Chance, California could have passed for a Wild West town. Not that long ago, a movie had been shot here, and the production company had transformed the main street with the understanding that they would leave the improvements and false storefronts in place when they left. The result was so authentic that Lianne wouldn’t have been surprised to see Wyatt and Doc push through the swinging doors of the Saloon across the street.
“You know,” said Gabby. “I was one of the locals who believed that the town would come back to life after they finished shooting The Argonauts. Boy, was I wrong.” She glanced back into her hair salon. “I’m barely making enough to keep this place open, and I’m not the only one struggling.”
Lianne nodded. “I’ve heard that, and it saddens me. I love this town, and I hate to see people move out. I hear that the old Matheson place out by Dry Gulch finally sold for a fraction of the initial asking price. The family reduced the price several times and even then the lawyer handling the estate said they were lucky to unload it.”
Gabby brightened. “Maybe they’ll come to town for their haircuts.”
“I understand it’s just one man. But hey, you do men’s haircuts, don’t you?”
“Since Harry closed the barbershop and left town. Some of the men don’t want to come in to a hairdressing salon.” She made air quotes around salon. “But a few of them were willing to give me a chance and they were satisfied, so I’m hopeful that more will come around.”
“They will. Well, I suppose I should pick up some groceries and get home. See you soon, okay?”
“’Bye, Lianne. And thanks for the visit.”
Lianne climbed into her SUV and headed toward the grocery store on the outskirts of town. Not a single car had come down the main street while she and Gabby were standing there talking, a grim indication of a dying town.
Lianne loaded up on fresh produce as well as some chicken to go along with the seafood Madison was bringing. Lianne admired the way her best friend worked at maintaining a healthy diet; she joined in Madison’s eating regime during her visits and always felt better by the time her friend returned to Los Angeles. Living alone, it was too easy to slide into the habit of having a bowl of soup for supper, or a sandwich. Madison might be a high maintenance friend, but Lianne’s food intake improved radically during her visits.
Lianne headed west toward home. In the distance, dark clouds billowed menacingly over the horizon. She noted them absently, estimating that there’d be rain within 24 hours. As the daughter of a rancher, and now a ranch owner herself, watching the weather was something she did as automatically as breathing. Her foreman Carlos Mendoza would welcome the rain, knowing that the land would soon be covered with the pale green blush of new grass. The cattle would graze contentedly and for several weeks Carlos would whistle to himself as he went about his daily routine.
The Bar T Ranch had been established by Lianne’s grandfather, but it was her father who had expanded it, building the herd to just over a thousand head. Lianne’s mother had died of cancer when she was twelve, but after a short period of mourning, Travis Thomson had swallowed his grief, hired a cook who also doubled as a housekeeper, and continued on as before. It wasn’t until Lianne was much older and had witnessed various emotional upheavals in the homes of some of her friends that she appreciated what her father had done to maintain a stable environment for her. She missed her mother – still did as a matter of fact – but she would always be grateful for her father’s determination to give her a happy childhood.
And then, eight years ago on a soft summer evening Travis Thomson had been saddling his horse when he clutched at his heart and died of a heart attack before he hit the ground. His only heir, Lianne now owned the Bar T and all of the responsibilities that went with it. As she turned from the main road onto the dirt road leading to the ranch house she found herself assessing livestock and checking fences. It was several weeks since she’d taken a ride out this way and she made a mental note to do that once Madison was settled.

 
Chapter Two
Carlos Mendoza looked up as Lianne entered the stables the next morning. “Your friend arrives today, no?”
She nodded. “Yes, but I’m not sure what time.” Her horse nickered softly and she turned to acknowledge the greeting. She’d never been quite sure what Carlos thought of Madison and she wasn’t about to try to figure that out now. Her friend was often outspoken, but she invariably greeted Carlos and his wife Ramona like old family friends. In spite of that, the foreman had never seemed comfortable in her presence. Maybe it was the fact that he’d known her for as many years as Lianne, and had watched her morph from the skinny child of the town’s left-over hippie couple to the small but elegant actress she was now.
“Will she want to go riding, do you think?” Carlos didn’t care for novices riding ‘his’ horses, and Madison had never made an effort to improve her equestrian skills.
“I don’t know, Carlos, but probably not. She’s coming here to be quiet, you know?” She was fairly sure that Ramona would have told him the latest news.
Carlos nodded. “You let me know, okay?”
There were times when Lianne wondered who was running this ranch, but the truth was, she couldn’t manage without Carlos. His knowledge of the ranch was more extensive than her own and his loyalty was unquestionable. She watched him retreat for a moment then turned back to lead her horse out to the paddock. “We’ll go out for a ride tomorrow, okay?” The horse looked at her for a moment with soulful eyes, then flicked his tail and trotted off into the morning sunshine.
Lianne walked slowly back to the ranch house. Yesterday’s promised rain had turned out to be little more than a passing shower, but at least it had damped down the dust for a few hours. She climbed the back steps and decided to indulge herself in one more cup of coffee, opting to sit in her favorite spot on the front porch, overlooking the gently undulating land that was bisected by a year-round stream. Once Madison arrived, she would have little time to herself.
She settled into the chair she’d occupied since she was small. After her father died, she’d tried out his chair, but it didn’t feel right. She’d grown accustomed to the precise view from her own spot. From here she watched the seasons change and from here she had made some of the most important decisions of her life.
Her thoughts drifted back to yesterday, to her visit to town. Gabby wasn’t the only one who’d hoped that the town of Chance would benefit from being showcased in a major Hollywood movie. The movie’s storyline had featured Zach Crawford, currently one of Hollywood’s hottest stars, and he’d been generous in his praise of their town.
Sitting here now, Lianne acknowledged that the town had done nothing to take advantage of its moment in the spotlight. They’d expected the world to come to them, recognizing too late that in this digital age most people possessed the attention span of a gnat, and if you didn’t grab their attention with both hands, they’d move on to the next ‘big’ thing in the time it took to click their mouse.
“Not my problem,” she said aloud, her tone defiant. And yet she loved Chance and everything it stood for. In today’s confrontational society where people disagreed too readily, Chance was a rare oasis where the residents genuinely liked each other. They helped their neighbors when things got rough and were wise enough not to let politics enter into public discussion. She wondered if Madison knew how badly the local businesses were suffering. Maybe when she’d been here for a couple of days they’d wander into town and Maddie could see for herself.
A plume of dust on the road leading into the ranch caught her eye and she recognized her friend’s car. So much for the benefits of yesterday’s rainfall; Madison would complain about the dust on her forest green Jaguar and Lianne would suggest a car of a different color. It was their standard greeting and the friends wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Damn, Girl. When are you going to get that road paved?” Madison stepped out of the Jaguar and ran a finger through the fine coating of dust.
“About the same time you buy a car in a sensible color.” Lianne put down her coffee cup and stepped to the railing of the porch. “What’s that you’re wearing?”
Madison rolled her eyes. “It’s a dress, darling.” She shaded her eyes and looked up at her friend. “An article of clothing not seen in this town for many years, I’m sure.”
Lianne’s mouth twitched. “Not so. I saw Miss Elmira in the produce aisle yesterday and she had on a dress. I think it’s the same one she used to wear when she taught us in school.”
“I remember that dress. Lace on the collar, right?”
“That’s the one.”
Madison tilted her head to one side, a faint smile on her lips. “It’s good to know some things never change. Like this town. I made a short detour and drove through. It looks the same as it did on my last visit. I like that.”
Okay, thought Lianne. So we’re not going to talk about it… at least for now. She could deal with that. She walked down the steps. “Can I give you a hand unloading?”
Madison pointed out the cooler. “That’s the seafood. You can take that.”
Lianne was surprised at the weight. “What have you got in here? There’s just the two of us.”
“Well…” Madison got that look on her face that Lianne knew only too well.
“What have you done?”
“Okay.” Madison spoke quickly. “I invited Emma and Chloe.” She busied herself digging out her suitcase, avoiding Lianne’s eyes. “Figured we’re all hurting in one way or another; might as well keep each other company.”
“And when were you going to tell me about this?”
Madison straightened. “I’m telling you now. They’re our friends, Li. We grew up here together and if we can’t support each other, then what’s the point?” The fiery little actress was holding back tears.
“Okay. All right. But how about some notice the next time.” Lianne lugged the cooler up the steps and opened the screen door. “Actually, this might be fun.” She held open the screen. “And while we’re at it, Jade’s moving in this weekend.”
“Jade? The makeup girl from the movie, right? I remember you telling me about her. She came back?”
“Yes. She’s only been here a few days but I think she might stay this time.”
Madison tossed her curls. “She’s not one of us.”
“Maybe so, but believe it or not, she’s hurting too.”
“But she’s younger than us. She probably still sleeps with her blankie.”
Lianne headed for the small room off the kitchen that held the stand-up freezer. “I hate to remind you my friend, but everyone’s younger than us.”
“What did you say?”
Lianne chuckled. “You heard me. And she’s only a few years younger. Besides, I like her. So there.”
“Well it’s your house…”
“Yes, it is.” Lianne started to unpack the seafood.
“As long as she doesn’t go all fangirl on me.”
Lianne tried to suppress a smile. “I’m sorry to break this to you Mads, but she’s worked with some of the biggest stars in Hollywood, including Zach Crawford. And she’s a makeup artist, so she’s seen them at their worst. I don’t think she’ll bother you.”
Madison frowned, then gently massaged the space between her brows, an unconscious gesture. “That’s right. She and Zach were an item there for a while. Their picture was all over the internet, plus it appeared in a couple of the Hollywood rags.”
Lianne held up a hand. “I hadn’t heard about that, but even if I had, I don’t know the details. And I’m not about to ask.” She shot a meaningful glance at her friend. “The same as I’d never ask anyone for details about difficult times in their life. She’ll tell me if she wants me to know.”
Madison retrieved a package of frozen sole from the cooler before Lianne could put it away. “Message received. And thank you for not asking about Gardner.” She looked down at the fish as if it held the key to her heartbreak. “I’m not ready to talk about it yet.” She forced a smile. “Do you have any lemon?”
Lianne nodded.
“Of course you do.” She gave her friend a fierce hug. “Thanks for putting up with me, Li. I know I can be uptight and self-centered but I’ll rein it in while I’m here, I promise. The moment I turned off the main road and onto your property I could feel myself starting to unwind. There’s something about coming back here…” Her words faded out as she went back into the kitchen.
Chapter Three
Lianne looked up when Madison sauntered out onto the front porch the next morning.
“Sleep well?”
Madison smiled. With no makeup and her guard down, she was the friend Lianne remembered. “Can’t remember the last time I slept so well. Thanks, Li.”
“So, what time are Emma and Chloe arriving?”
Maddie sat down and cradled her coffee mug between her hands. “I asked them to call when they know the time more closely.” She was wearing jeans and a checkered shirt. With her petite figure and pale complexion, she looked like she was still in her twenties, although mid-thirties was closer to the truth.
“That will work out fine. Jade is giving Gabby a hand today. Apparently there’s a wedding in town and a group of women from the wedding party are getting the works.”
Madison blew on her coffee and stared into the distance. “The last time I was here I noticed that Gabby’s having a hard time making ends meet. This may sound counter-intuitive, but what if she expanded her services?”
Lianne scooted forward in her chair. “Like what?”
“Nothing major, but the equipment for manicures and pedicures isn’t expensive.” She held out a hand and inspected her nails. “Every time I visit you, I wish I could use the downtime to indulge myself.”
Lianne thought for a moment. “That takes special training, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, but remember back when Gabby first set up shop? She was always in the city taking one course or another. It wouldn’t hurt to ask.”
“You’re right. And maybe Jade would partner up with her if there was enough business. Right now I suspect she doesn’t want to take anything away from Gabby.”
Madison sipped her coffee, her eyebrows narrowing. “There’s something odd going on there,” she said thoughtfully.
Lianne looked up sharply. “What do you mean?”
Madison took a moment to answer. “Maybe ‘odd’ is the wrong word, but if Jade was here doing makeup for that movie, then she must be good.” She spread her hands. “I mean, I love Chance, but giving up a good job in Los Angeles to come out here doesn’t make sense.”
Lianne sighed. “I know, but like I said, I haven’t asked. Whatever it was, she’s not ready to talk about it, so I didn’t pry.”
Madison nodded. “How did you get to know her?”
“Jade? She stayed out here while they were filming. We had a drink out here most evenings and got to know each other. I like her.” She turned to her friend. “Did you ever meet Zach Crawford in Los Angeles?”
“Out of my league, I’m afraid. Oh, I know who he is, but I’ve never even been considered for any film he’s been in. I hear that in spite of his reputation as a ladies’ man, he’s actually very nice.”
“He was charming to everyone around here.” She raised her eyebrows. “To tell you the truth, I’d love to know what happened between him and Jade, but that’s just me being curious.”
Madison finished her coffee and looked into the bottom of her cup. “No doubt. But as you said, if she wants us to know, she’ll tell us.”

 
Chapter Four
“It’s not too late.” Emma muttered to herself. She took her receipt from the gas pump and then moved her car to a slot beside the service station. “I can still turn around and go back.”
She dug out her cell phone and scrolled to Lianne’s number. Why had she agreed to drive to Chance for the weekend? Especially knowing that Mads would be there. Madison was kind and generous to a fault, but she had a way of worming secrets out of a person, and Emma wasn’t sure that she could hold up to even the gentlest probing into her personal life.
There was that one time in school when Madison had kept after her until she confessed the details about her date with the high school’s hottest guy. Looking back now, it was nothing; he’d managed to get his hand up under her sweater. Back then she’d been sure that she was the world’s loosest woman. Madison had laughed, given her a hug, and she hadn’t thought about it again. Until now, that is. Funny how going back to the town where you’d grown up could dredge up long-buried memories.
She shoved her phone back in her purse and walked into the convenience store attached to the gas station. Pausing in front of the display of potato chips, she realized that it was decision time. If she bought the chips and a soft drink, that meant she was going to continue.
“Will there be anything else?” The clerk rang up her purchases.
“No thanks.” She forced a smile and handed over her card. While the clerk processed payment, Emma’s gaze drifted to the counter beside the till. A small framed photograph caught her eye; a baby in a blue romper grinning into the camera with an adorable toothless grin.
For one sharp, painful moment her son’s face replaced the image in the frame. A whimper escaped her lips as she doubled over, clutching her stomach.
She was rarely caught off guard these days. It had been two years since her son’s death. Two years and seventeen days to be precise. Her co-workers had been sympathetic and supportive at first, but recently she’d overheard whispers and caught the looks sent in her direction. They thought she should get on with her life, but none of them had ever lost a child. How could they possibly know what she had endured… was still enduring, in fact? There were days she could barely mask her anger at their presumptions, but somehow she managed. It probably had something to do with being a lawyer. All those hours of listening without becoming emotionally involved.
“Are you all right ma’am?” The clerk leaned forward, concern etched on her face. “Can I get you a glass of water?”
Emma straightened and pressed her fingertips against her temples. She could feel a headache coming on, but managed a feeble smile. “Water’s a great idea thanks, but I’ll buy a bottle.” She gathered her purchases and stepped aside so the clerk could help the man behind her. She took a bottle of water from the cooler, paid and made her way around to the side of the building where her car was parked. The area was in shade and she leaned back against the stucco’d wall, fighting to regain her composure. After a few moments the pounding in her head eased slightly. She cracked the cap on the bottle of water and tipped it up.
Chance was less than an hour ahead; she could tell by the sweet smell of sage, and the sight of Scrub Pines marching up the distant hills. There was something about the clarity of the air up here in northern California...
Like most of the young people who’d grown up in Chance, she’d been eager to move away, to get to the big city. Interesting how that worked, Emma thought. The exodus to the big cities, to exciting jobs, some of which might even have been as exciting as reported. Marriage, families, and then the gradual realization that growing up in a small town like Chance had been a gift. She could see it in the smiling eyes of those who returned for the town’s ten year reunions. And yet there was also sadness in those eyes. Or was it nostalgia, knowing that the town as they’d known it would never again be the same?
Change was inevitable, but the appreciation for small town values was evident in the way the former residents reacted the moment they got back to town. They slowed down, their shoulders relaxed, they paused to chat on the main street, and it was rumored that their cell phones often remained turned off for hours at a time.
Cresting a hill she slowed slightly to look down into the broad valley where she’d spent some of the happiest years of her life. Lianne’s ranch was just a few miles ahead, accessed by a long, winding road, but Emma hadn’t given a set time for her arrival and decided to take a quick drive through Chance. She’d heard reports about the town’s transformation after the movie shoot, and had caught a few glimpses of it on a local television program, but this was different. She wanted to form her own opinion, free of commentary.
The transformation was far more impressive in person. Rather than the flimsy storefronts she’d expected to see, the construction was excellent quality. She slowed, pulled into one of the angled parking spots on the main street and got out, wishing she’d taken the time to see the finished movie. From what she could remember it had taken place in the late 1800s and Zach Crawford’s character had come back to the town to help the townspeople fight against an evil gold baron. Not exactly an original plot, but these days anything with Zach Crawford was an instant success. She’d have to ask Lianne if he was as handsome as he appeared on the screen.
A pickup truck drove down Main from the east, the driver’s hat pulled low over his eyes to protect against the sun. As the dust settled, she realized that it was the first moving vehicle she’d seen since she arrived. A few cars were parked in front of the beauty parlor, and farther down the street another pickup truck idled in front of the hardware, but that was all. Maybe it was just the time of day, but the town seemed deserted. Somehow she’d thought the town would be buzzing with activity after the exposure it had received, but evidently not. She’d have to ask Lianne about that. She climbed back into her car and headed toward the Bar T.
Chapter Five
“No fair.” Madison glared at Lianne. “Why did you get the long legs?” She made one more unsuccessful attempt to prop her feet up on the porch railing.
“Just lucky I guess.” Lianne raised an eyebrow at her friend. “You got the petite figure and curly hair. I got the long legs and this impossibly straight mess of straw.” Her long blonde hair hung in a loose braid as usual and she fingered it self-consciously. “So get over it.”
Madison sighed. “Am I really such a pain?”
Lianne’s expression softened. “Yes, you are, but I wouldn’t have you any other way. You’re also one of the most compassionate people I know.”
Madison acknowledged this as her due.
“Which is why I need you to tell me what to say when Em gets here. I mean, what can one possibly say to someone who lost their child?”
Madison frowned. “Did you get a chance to talk to her at the funeral? I didn’t.”
“Just barely. Everyone was in shock, especially Em. And between her mother and father and Carson’s family I couldn’t get close to her other than a quick hug. It wasn’t the time for meaningful dialogue.”
Madison nodded thoughtfully. “That’s the way I remember it as well. And you haven’t seen her since?”
“No. What about you?”
“I haven’t seen her either. I hope she doesn’t think we deserted her.” She paused for a moment. “I got wrapped up with Gardner and everything that was going on there, and I’m ashamed to admit that I didn’t follow up.”
“Neither did I.” Lianne toyed with her braid. “But I still don’t know what to say now.”
“Maybe we don’t say anything.” Madison shot a look at her friend. “Maybe we wait for her to bring it up. I don’t want to go poking at emotions that are still raw, if you know what I mean.”
Lianne nodded her head. They were all a little raw at the moment. “I think you’re right.” She stopped abruptly. “I hope that doesn’t sound like I’m trying to avoid the subject.”
Madison gave her an understanding smile. “No.” She held her wine glass up against the setting sun to admire the color. “Even if you were, that’s not a bad thing. Especially if she’s still hurting.” She moved the glass aside. “Besides, I think that’s her now, just coming into sight.”

* * *

Emma pulled up beside Madison’s Jag, stepped out and smiled up at her friends on the porch. Just seeing them there gave her a warm feeling of belonging. She, Lianne, Madison and Chloe had been steadfast friends while growing up. After Madison’s phone call inviting her here this weekend, she’d looked back on their friendship and realized how unusual it had been. They’d had arguments about small inconsequential things, but nothing that ever threatened the bond of friendship that held them together. No backstabbing, no whispers about the other person, and never, ever, an attempt to steal someone else’s boyfriend.
As with many other young people from Chance, Emma had moved away, eager to enter the next phase of her life. She’d passed the bar, married Carson, become a lawyer and then given birth to her son all within a few years. But standing here now, she realized that she should have come back to Chance a long time ago.
“Ladies,” she said, looking from one to the other. “Good to see you again.” She ran lightly up the stairs and was enveloped in a group hug.
“One of you smells heavenly,” she said, pulling away.
“It’s me of course, Darling.” Madison wrinkled her nose at Lianne. “We’re just lucky she doesn’t smell like horses. She was working with them all day, but fortunately she took a shower.”
“Well you smell wonderful.”
“I should. It was created just for me and it cost a small fortune.”
Emma tried to hide her amusement. Madison had never been shy about sharing what she paid for every item she owned. “What’s it called?”
“I hadn’t actually named it but after recent events I thought of calling it Revenge. I mean how many people go on national television and find out that their husband has had a long term relationship with someone else who just happens to be a man?” She tossed her head in defiance, but for a moment Emma thought she saw a glimmer of tears. “But then I changed my mind.” She held up her wrist for Emma to smell, a purely theatrical gesture. “Lovely, isn’t it? I’ve decided to call it Chances.”
Emma grinned. “As in Second Chances?”
“I don’t know about that. I’m not planning to fall in love again, but I’d rather look to the future than tie myself up in knots about Gardner. That would be far too easy.”
Emma rolled her eyes. “Trust me. I’ve handled my share of divorces and you’d be surprised how many people cling to their resentment long after the divorce is over. It’s such a waste of energy, but so many women just won’t let go. Men, too. The thing is, much of it is imagined.” She gave her head a quick shake. “How did we get on that dreary subject?”
“My fault for mentioning Gardner.” Madison brightened. “So did you drive through town before you came out here?”
“Yes.” Emma’s watch was loose on her wrist and she pulled it around, checking the time. “Maybe it was just the time of day, but downtown seemed deserted.” Her fingertips lingered on the face of the watch. “It looks amazing, though. Like walking into a Wild West town. I loved the wooden sidewalks.”
“I was just thinking that the other day.” Lianne moved a deep, comfy chair to make a semi-circle. “Here, sit down. Can I get you a glass of wine?”
Emma sank gratefully into the chair. “I’d love one.” She glanced at the glasses sitting on the table between Lianne and Madison. “Whatever you guys are having.”
“I’ll get it, but don’t talk about me behind my back.” Madison jumped up and went through the screen door.
Emma watched as the door snicked closed. “She hasn’t changed a bit, has she?”
“I heard that,” echoed from inside the house.
Emma rested her head against the high backed chair and closed her eyes. “I’d forgotten how much I like it here. It’s…” she paused to gather her thoughts. “It’s peaceful. And it’s real, even if there are false storefronts downtown.” She opened her eyes. “Know what I mean?”
Lianne ignored the question and leaned forward. “Are you alright, Em?”
“I’m fine.” Her tone was a little too bright. “Why do you ask?”
Lianne gestured to her friend’s wrist. “You’ve lost weight.”
Emma covered her wrist with her right hand as though to hide the evidence.
“You’re not sick, are you?” Lianne’s brows drew together. “Please tell me you’re not sick.”
Emma let her hand drop. “No, I’m fine.” She tried to summon a reassuring smile but it turned out to be more of a grimace. “It’s been a tough couple of years, you know?”
Lianne let out a long, slow breath of air. “I can only guess.” She reached for her wine glass but didn’t drink. “How is Carson?”
Emma’s gaze moved past the shaded porch and drifted to the rolling hills in the distance. When she turned back to her friend, her expression was bleak. “Carson and I aren’t together anymore.”
“What?” Madison stood inside the door holding a small tray. Behind the screen her face was indistinct, but the outrage in her voice was unmistakable. “Not together? Since when?” She pushed the door open and set the tray down none too lightly.
Emma reached for the glass and hoped her friends didn’t notice her hand trembling. “Since a few weeks after…” the words stuck in her throat and she tried again. “After Ryan died.”
“So…” Madison was almost sputtering. She looked at Lianne, then back to Emma. “But that’s like what… two years ago! So where are you living?”
“Oh, I’m living in the house. He moved out.” She took a sip of wine and then glanced up at Madison, who was still standing over her. “I know you’re outraged on my behalf, and I appreciate that, but the truth is, I’m not ready to talk about it yet.”
Madison took the glass of wine she’d topped up for herself, walked to the end of the porch and then turned back. “At least you’re a lawyer and you can protect your rights. Oh, wait. He’s a lawyer too, isn’t he.” It wasn’t a question. 
“Yes.” Emma drew the word out. “He is, but I’m not.”
“You’re not a lawyer? But I thought…”
Emma held up a hand. “Poor choice of words. I’m still a member of the bar, but I’m not currently employed. My last day at the firm was two days ago.”
“Two days ago.”
Emma took a sip of her wine. She’d been looking forward to revealing this part, since it represented the next phase of her life… she just needed to figure out what that was. “I think there’s an echo in here.” She included both Lianne and Madison in her smile. “Yes, I finally quit. It’s the first positive thing I’ve done in two years.”
Lianne spread her hands. “So what are you going to do?’
Emma gave a low chuckle. “I’m not quite sure yet. What I do know is that it’s time to get away from the city, and the firm.”
“What kind of law did you practice?” asked Lianne. “I’m ashamed to admit I don’t even know.”
“Estate planning, wills, and like I said, I sometimes had to handle divorces if it was for our high net worth clients who I already knew.”
“Did you like it?”
Emma took a moment to answer. “I can’t say that I enjoyed it, but I was good at it.” She brightened. “For my pro bono work, I worked with people who were losing their homes to foreclosure. It’s not a pretty picture. The banks were basically giving out mortgages to anyone with a pulse.” She paused. “That’s an exaggeration, but you’ve heard the stories, and a lot of them are true. Anyway, I really enjoyed helping those people and I’d like to do something similar. They didn’t go out and buy mansions. They just wanted a nice family home where they could bring up their children.”
Lianne raised her eyebrows. “Not many foreclosures around here.”
“No, but I’ll bet there are people who could use some good representation at an affordable price.” She held her wine glass in both hands and rotated it back and forth, as though mesmerized by the swirl of the liquid. “I was mulling it over on the drive up here. And then when I saw Main Street this afternoon it struck me that there are probably quite a few families who are in financial trouble with no one to advise them.”
Madison looked doubtful. “Not much money in that.”
“True, but I’m that rare lawyer who doesn’t care about making money. I have plenty and not much to spend it on.”
“You’d be welcome to stay here as long as you like, you know that.”
Emma reached out and grasped Lianne’s hand. “I do now. Thank you.”
Madison studied her over the rim of her glass. “You’re serious about this, aren’t you?”
“Yes Mads. I am.” A gentle smile tugged at the corner of Emma’s mouth. “I really am.”
“Now that’s what I call a second chance.”
Emma looked puzzled.
“I mean for the people who come to you for help. Seems to me you could offer them a second chance at getting their lives in order.” Her voice caught in her throat. “Something a lot of people could use.”
Emma pretended not to notice the sudden hoarseness in Madison’s voice and changed the subject. “And what about Chloe?” Her eyes met Lianne’s. “Is she coming this weekend?”
Lianne checked her watch. “Gracious me, yes. I wonder what’s keeping her?”
Chapter Six
“I don’t believe this.” Chloe steered the sputtering pickup truck to the side of the road. “Isn’t there supposed to be some sort of warning when the gas is low?” She turned to her passenger. “I mean if the gauge is broken, you’d think Damon would have warned us.”
Bella’s soulful eyes seemed to agree.
Chloe scratched the Beagle’s ears and was rewarded with a soft little whimper of pleasure.
“You’re right,” she said, opening the door. “It’s just a temporary setback. I’m pretty sure Damon keeps one of those red gas cans in the back.” She stepped out into the heat of the late afternoon and looked into the bed of the truck. Her brother was tidy if nothing else. He’d recently installed a storage bin but she’d have to climb up to gain access. She walked to the back, and finding footholds in the bumper, hauled herself up.
“Let’s hope it’s not locked,” she muttered to herself, reaching for the black lid.
After a bit of fiddling with the latch, the storage box opened, revealing the red plastic container. She had no idea how much it held, but two gallons sounded about right. She reached for it and bit back a curse. The container was empty.
She unscrewed the black cap, pulled it out and peered inside. “As if looking inside is going to make a difference,” she muttered to herself, screwing the cap back in place.
The road was deserted in both directions. She patted the pocket of her jeans jacket, but the motion was simply reflexive. She’d forgotten her cell phone… again. Standing in the back of the pick-up, she considered her options. She estimated that she was less than ten miles from the turn-out to the Bar T. She hated to leave her brother’s vehicle out here, but she didn’t have much choice. Taking Bella and walking to Lianne’s seemed like her only choice.
Clutching the gas can she climbed down, thankful that she’d worn her jeans today. Of course the cowboy boots on her feet were another story. She’d bought them around five years ago and they were barely broken in. She’d find out today if she was going to keep them.
“Come on then.” Bella’s tail started wagging furiously the moment Chloe came around to her side of the vehicle. “We might as well get started.” Chloe attached the leather leash and the dog hopped down and squatted, relieving herself.
“Don’t remind me.” Chloe scanned the vegetation on the side of the 2-lane highway. “I’d go myself, but there’s not enough cover.” She tipped her hat down over her eyes and started walking, chuckling at the absurdity of her situation.
Chloe had switched vehicles with her brother who’d wanted to impress his new girlfriend by using her car this weekend. She had to admit that her sleek Lexus was a definite improvement on his pickup. She’d helped him choose a lodge up in the mountains and after he’d made the reservation she’d called back, paying to ensure that he’d be accommodated in a suite with a private hot tub overlooking the valley. The hotel staff had promised to give him the impression that he was being upgraded at no extra charge. What was the point of having money if she couldn’t spoil her younger brother once in a while? She’d considered offering to buy him a nice little sports car, but knew that he would have refused. It wasn’t pride so much as a determination to make it on his own. Art collectors in the Bay area were beginning to recognize his talent; his paintings were just beginning to sell, so it wouldn’t be long.
The disparity in their vehicles wasn’t all that separated her lifestyle from her brother’s. At home she had a housekeeper and gardener who lived in a spacious cottage on her property. Anneke and Lars had worked there before she and Boyd were married. They were part of the family and she couldn’t imagine being without them. Besides, if she was completely honest, she liked having someone else take care of the house and the property. On the rare occasions that she went out to socialize, Lars got out the big car and acted as her driver. She turned back to look at Damon’s pickup, but it was out of sight.
And then there was the access to private jets. Chloe rarely flew commercial these days. There was that one time last year when Damon had called at the last minute and asked her to come to a gallery opening in San Francisco. Too late to make arrangements with the charter company, she booked the shuttle. She’d never do that again.
Her feet were starting to hurt and she vowed that this was the last time she’d forget her cell phone. Anneke was always running after her, reminding her to take it, but Chloe had left early in the morning yesterday, and as far as she knew, her phone was still hooked up to the charger.
Somewhere in the back of her mind she asked herself if she ‘forgot’ her phone on purpose. No matter what type of ring tone she downloaded or how loud the setting, her heartbeat went into overdrive every time it rang. She didn’t need a psychologist to tell her that it was the memory of that one life-changing call that jangled her nerves.
The low, throaty rumble of a Harley broke into her thoughts. Grateful for the distraction she stopped and turned. The driver had spotted her and he was already slowing. At least she assumed it was a man. As he came closer she studied his legs, encased in jeans and well-worn motorcycle boots. Oh, yes. Whoever he was, he was all man.
Chapter Seven
Lane Powell brought the Harley to a stop. This woman must be from the abandoned pickup truck a couple of miles back. For a moment he couldn’t see her face, then she tipped up her cowboy hat and offered him a tentative smile. Hazel eyes regarded him evenly.
“Hello.” She tugged on the dog’s leash.
He removed his gloves and his helmet. “Let me guess. That’s your pick-up truck.”
“No.” She gave her head a quick shake. “Well, yes.”
Funny, she didn’t look like a scatterbrain. “It either is or it isn’t.”
She laughed then. It was without artifice, unlike most women he knew, who laughed for effect.
“I just realized how foolish I must sound. It’s my brother’s pickup and he loaned it to me for the weekend.” She reached down and patted the dog’s head. “Big mistake.”
He nodded and realized he’d like to hear her laugh again. “Out of gas?” He gestured towards the gas can.
“I’m fairly sure that’s the problem. The gas gauge isn’t working, so yeah, that seems to be it.”
Lane grinned. “That’s good, because I’m not much of a mechanic.”
She glanced at his hands. His fingers were long, beautiful and clean. Definitely not a mechanic.
“So how would you like to do this?” he said, glancing at the seat behind him. “Either I can take the can and go into town while you two walk back to the pickup, or you can both ride with me and then we’ll come back.”
“That’s really kind of you, but you must be on your way somewhere.”
“I am. I live on the far side of Chance, so I’m not far from home.”
“I don’t know you.”
“And I don’t know you, so we’re even. I’m Lane Powell.” He cocked his head to one side. “Why would you know me, anyway?”
“Because I grew up here.” She shrugged. “I sometimes forget that I don’t know everyone. I’m Chloe Morgan, by the way.”
“Well, Chloe Morgan, are we going to sit around talking all afternoon or are we going to go get some gas for your vehicle?”
“You’re the one sitting,” she said, trying her best to sound cool. “But you’re right, let’s get this show on the road. Bella and I will go with you, if that’s all right.”
“Bella the Beagle,” he said, juggling the dog and the gas can while she climbed on behind him. The dog licked his face and he handed her back to Chloe. “Some name.”
“She’s actually my brother’s dog, but she’s been living with me for the past year. We’ve just never gotten around to acknowledging the fact that she’s mine now.”
“Sorry I don’t have an extra helmet, but we only have a few more miles. I’ll be careful.”
“I trust you,” she said and was surprised to know that she meant it.
“Okay if I hold onto your belt?” she asked, clutching Bella firmly in her left arm.
“Sure.” He glanced over his shoulder and for an insane moment she was tempted to reach out and brush the backs of her fingers against the stubble on his chin. The corners of his eyes were crinkled and yet something told her that he didn’t often smile although she had no doubt that when he did, every female within sight would swoon a little. Not her, though. Nosiree. Chloe Morgan had no desire to complicate her life.
He started the engine. “Okay?” he asked, raising his voice slightly to be heard.
She nodded, aware that he couldn’t see her, but he sensed that she was ready and set off down the road.
What in the world was a man like this doing in Chance? He didn’t seem to fit in with the town the way she remembered it. The landmarks became more familiar as they approached and she glanced down Lianne’s driveway as they rumbled past. There was no need to tell him that was where she was going; she wasn’t going to see him again.
It was something like four years since she’d been back, and she studied the town as though she’d never seen it before. There were some cars in the parking lot at the grocery store, but when they turned down Main Street the few stores that were still operating had closed for the night.
“Wow,” she muttered to herself. “They really did transform this place, didn’t they?”
Lane pulled up at the service station and turned. “Did you say something?”
“Sorry. I tend to talk to myself sometimes. I’d heard about the changes, but haven’t been back for a while.” She got off the bike, set Bella down and took a few steps into the street. “It’s attractive.” She turned back to Lane. “But is it always this deserted?”
He glanced at his watch. “It’s almost seven. I think most of the smaller retail stores close around six.” He shrugged. “It startled me at first, but I kind of like it now. I suppose you live in a big city where the stores never close.”
She frowned, still looking up and down the street. “Not really. I live in Atherton.”
The moment the words were out of her mouth she wished she could snatch them back. She didn’t want this man or anyone other than her close friends knowing that she lived in one of the most exclusive zip codes in California. He acknowledged her words with a slight raise of his eyebrows, but nothing else.
She was rescued by the appearance of a man wiping his hands on a greasy rag.
“Hi Lane, what can I do for you?”
“We could use a couple of gallons of gas.” Lane motioned to Chloe. “The lady ran out a few miles out of town.”
“Sure, help yourself.” The man stopped and turned back. “Chloe, is that you?” He stuck out his hand, looked down at it and then withdrew it.
“Dave?” she said tentatively. “My goodness, do you work here?” She offered her hand and he shook it reluctantly.
“You could say that. This is my business now.”
Wiping her hand on her jeans she stepped back and examined the sign. “I see it now. Nyland Motors. And you’ve added mechanical service. That doesn’t surprise me, you were always fixing stuff.”
Lane reached for the gas can. “I’ll fill this while you two catch up.”
Chloe gave him a distracted smile then turned back to Dave. “So how are your parents? Do they still live here?”
“Oh, yes.” He sucked in a quick breath. “Mom has cancer and we’re not sure how much longer she has, but you know her. She’s staying positive.”
“I’m sorry, Dave. I like your Mom. Is she strong enough to have visitors?”
“She’d love to see you, but be prepared. Some days are worse than others.”
“I understand. I’ll call ahead.”
“Daddy! Dinner’s ready.” A small girl came running down the outside stairs of the building adjacent to the garage. Chloe remembered that the former owner of the service station had lived up there.
The child’s straight, reddish hair had been tied up in two pigtails, one on either side of her head. Slightly lopsided, they were tied lovingly with blue ribbons. “Who are you?” she asked. “Is this your dog?” She kneeled down and Bella’s tail wagged furiously as the child petted her.
“Molly, where are your manners?”
The child stood. “Sorry Daddy, but you know how much I love dogs.”
Dave ignored the hint. “This is Chloe. She grew up here in Chance. We went to school together.”
The child gave her a long, assessing look. “You don’t look that old.”
Chloe held back a smile. “Your Dad and I are the same age.”
“Do you have any kids?”
Lane was strapping the gas can to the back of the Harley, but she could tell he was listening. “No, I don’t. Sorry.” She looked down. “Just Bella.”
Molly took that as an invitation to play with the dog again.
Dave watched her for a moment, then turned back to Chloe. “So what brings you to town?”
“I’m sure you’ve heard about Maddie by now.”
Dave glanced toward Molly but she didn’t seem to be listening. “Yes. That was… unfortunate.”
Chloe’s eyes flashed. “No kidding. Anyway, she’s at Lianne’s place and Emma and I are here for the weekend. You probably remember the way we always supported each other in school and nothing has changed. Besides, we haven’t seen each other for a while.”
“Emma’s here?” He stood up a bit straighter, as though she might come strolling around the corner.
“I don’t know if she’s here yet, but Maddie said she was coming.” She glanced at her watch. “They’re probably wondering what happened to me.” She checked the amount on the gas pump, handed over a few bills, then picked up the dog. “Tell your Mom I’ll be coming to see her,” she said.
“Will do.” Dave stood beside his daughter, his hand resting lightly on top of her head. “See you around, Lane.”
Lane nodded and they were off. Neither spoke on the way out of town, and they were back at the pickup truck in a few minutes.
Lane unscrewed the gas cap on the pickup and poured in the gas. “Make sure you fill this up again,” he said, handing her the now empty can. There was something in his tone.
Chloe tossed the can in the back and rounded on him. “I’m not a complete idiot, you know.” Tears shimmered in her eyes and she brushed them away with the back of her hand.
“Did I say something wrong?” He was tired and hungry and wanted to get home, but he had to know what he’d said to hurt her feelings.
“No.” Her nose was starting to run and she dragged the back of her hand against it, not caring what he thought. “I’m sorry for that little outburst.” She gave a short, bitter laugh. “You see, I probably would have forgotten to refill it. You saw right through me.”
He nodded. “Yes, I suppose I did.”
She took a step back. “Well thanks a lot. Rub it in, why don’t you.”
He leaned against the truck bed and watched her for several long moments. “Are you finished?”
“Finished what?”
“Beating yourself up.” He pushed off from the truck, took a few steps toward his bike and then turned back. “You said I saw right through you.”
She opened her mouth to speak but he held up a hand.
“What I saw was a woman who cares about other people’s feelings. You shook Dave’s hand even though it was covered with grease.” He pointed to the smear on her jeans. “And then you offered to visit his mother, even though you know she’s dying and it won’t be easy.” He lowered his voice. “That shows real compassion, Chloe. And the way you talked to Dave’s little girl. That was sweet. Really sweet.”
“She’s a cute kid.” Chloe looked down, unable to meet his eyes. She didn’t want him to see how much his approval meant to her. She kicked at a loose pebble and watched it skitter off to the side of the road. “Thank you for saying that.” She took in a deep breath and raised her head to meet his gaze. “I get down on myself sometimes.”
“It happens.”
“I suppose so.” She took several steps forward and stuck out her hand. “Thank you for the rescue.”
His grip was firm. “You’re welcome, Chloe Morgan.” He released her hand and opened the driver’s side door. “I’ll follow you into town.”
She nodded, got Bella settled and checked the rear view mirror. Lane was sitting on his Harley, helmet in place, and she realized she’d learned nothing about him. Just as well, she thought as she turned the ignition. Just as well.

* * *

The brake lights on the truck came on, followed by the right turn signal. Lane slowed behind her and soon she was turning, driving under the carved wooden arch that led into the Bar T. Two quick beeps of the horn and a wave of an arm and she was out of sight. But he doubted that she’d be out of mind anytime soon.
Chloe Morgan was a conflicted woman and they were the worst kind. In the space of an hour, maybe less, she’d laughed with abandon and cried until her nose ran. He smiled as he recalled her wiping her nose with the back of her hand. How many women did that in the presence of a man? None that he knew. It was a good thing she was only here for a visit. He had his own life to sort out, and didn’t need the complications a woman would bring. Even if the memory of that woman’s laugh brought a smile to his lips. Could he make her laugh again? He’d certainly enjoy trying.
Chapter Eight
“Well, well, well. Look who just rolled in.” Madison stood on the porch of the ranch house, hands on her hips. “Better late than never, I always say.”
Chloe got out of the pickup and looked at her old friend. “Hi Mads.”
Madison ignored the greeting. “What’s that thing you’re driving?”
“Good to see you, too.” Chloe ran up the stairs, gave her old friend a hug and then looked back at the truck. “What’s the matter with it?”
“It’s a pickup, for goodness sakes.”
“Maddie?” Chloe’s tone was syrupy sweet.
“Yes?”
“Bite me.”
“Now ladies.” Lianne appeared, and enveloped Chloe in a hug. “No fighting.” Emma hung back, until Chloe opened her arms and they clung together for several moments.
“We just finished eating, but there’s plenty left.” Lianne glanced toward the pickup. “Is that a dog?” She blinked rapidly as memories of Sadie scrolled across her mind.
Chloe gave a guilty smile. “I know I should have asked, but kennels are so impersonal, and you have all this space…” Her voice trailed off.
Lianne gestured expansively. “Of course it’s all right. He’ll be fine.”
“Her name is Bella.”
“Well, bring her up here so we can meet her. In the meantime, can I offer you a drink? We didn’t drink all the wine.”
Chloe spoke over her shoulder. “No thanks. I don’t drink any more, but I’d love a glass of water, or a Coke. Whatever you have.” She opened the vehicle door and Bella jumped down and immediately started to explore her new surroundings.
“Will she run away?” asked Madison.
“No, she likes to stick around. I’ll give her a few minutes to get her bearings and then bring her up on the porch.”
Emma leaned over the porch railing. “She’s sweet,” she said softly. “I’ve heard that Beagles make great dogs for kids.”
Chloe grabbed Bella’s leash out of the car and came back to the porch. “I’ve heard that too. Speaking of which, I met Dave Nyland in town. His daughter was agitating for a puppy.”
“You’ve been in town?” asked Maddie.
“You saw Dave?” A soft blush crept into Emma’s cheeks.
“Yes, he owns the service station now, and he’s added a couple of mechanics’ bays, although I think he does all the mechanical stuff himself.”
Lianne pushed through the screen door carrying a tray with coffee, a glass of Coke for Chloe and a small bowl of water for the dog. “Come on, let’s pull the chairs around so we can see each other.” She motioned to a large chair with soft cushions. “Sit there, Chloe and tell us what you were doing in town.”
Bella came up onto the porch and lapped at the water before settling beside Chloe. “Promise you won’t make fun of me.”
“As if,” from Madison.
“Of course,” from the other two.
“Well I see some things haven’t changed.” Chloe grinned. “I ran out of gas about eight or ten miles out of town. Sort of not my fault; the gas gauge is broken and Damon didn’t tell me.” She reached for her glass. “I should have checked, but I didn’t. Anyway the gas can was empty – of course – so I was walking to town when a man on a Harley stopped and offered me a ride.”
Madison eyed her skeptically. “Are you making this up? Nothing like that ever happens to me.”
“Maddie!” Lianne frowned at her friend. “Let her tell the story.” She turned back to Chloe. “So he took you into town.”
“Yes. Apparently he lives here, although I don’t know him. Says his name is Lane Crawford.”
“Really? I’ve heard of him but I’ve never met him. He’s the one who bought the old Matheson spread and he keeps to himself.” Lianne leaned forward. “What’s he like?”
Chloe thought for a moment. “I don’t really know. I mean, I know he’s handsome and probably in his late thirties, but that’s about all. Oh, and he has elegant hands. Maybe he’s an artist or a pianist or something. He must go into town sometimes, because Dave knew him.”
“Interesting.” Maddie tapped a long manicured nail against her coffee cup and looked at Lianne. “Why does he keep to himself?”
Lianne shook her head. “I don’t know.”
“Dave seemed to know who he was though.”
“I don’t remember much about Dave,” said Maddie. “Who did he marry?”
“He married a girl from out of town,” said Lianne. “Her name was Tammy and she had flaming red hair. Anyway a few years ago she was diagnosed with some sort of rare disease. I don’t know the details, but she died really quickly.”
“I wondered what the deal was. His little girl inherited the red hair and I have a feeling she’s quite a handful.” Chloe turned to Emma. “Dave seemed interested when I mentioned that you’d be here.”
“He was?” Emma blushed again. “I went out with him a couple of times toward the end of our senior year. Remember?”
Lianne and Maddie shook their heads, but Chloe nodded thoughtfully. “I’d forgotten about that. What happened?”
“I’m not really sure what happened. We’d only just started going out… about half a dozen times, and we seemed to be getting along. Then one day he told me he was getting married.”
“You’re kidding! Why didn’t you tell us?” Lianne’s surprise was evident.
“To tell you the truth, it made me feel foolish so I kept it to myself.” Emma stared into the depths of her coffee. “I’ve never said this out loud, but I often wondered if she was pregnant or something.” She raised her head. “And now I sound like a terrible person, because she died. But shortly after he broke it off I left town myself to go to school. Funny how things work out, isn’t it?”
“Tell me about it.” Chloe poured the remainder of her Coke over the melting ice in her glass. “So do you intend to avoid him now?”
Emma thought for a moment and shook her head. “No. That was all a long time ago, and I’d like to see the town again. I took a quick drive through today, but I haven’t walked around since they changed Main Street for that movie.”
Chloe drained her glass. “Good. I’ll go in with you if you like. I need to get some dog food for Bella, and I wouldn’t mind having a closer look. It was deserted tonight. A few cars at the grocery store and two or three in front of the hairdressing salon, but that’s all. There are quite a few empty storefronts, which is a real shame.”
Lianne held up a finger. “That reminds me. Jade is moving in this weekend.”
Emma and Chloe looked at each other. “Jade?”
“Yes. She’s a makeup artist and I got to know her when she was here working on the movie. As Maddie pointed out, she’s a bit younger than us, but something tells me she could use some friends. She was helping Gabby this afternoon with a big wedding party which was why you saw cars in front of Gabby’s. The wedding is tomorrow.”
“I have a theory about why she came back here.” Madison shot a quick glance at Lianne. “While she was here working on the movie, she became friendly with Zach Crawford.”
“The actor?”
Maddie nodded. “Yes. He was the star of the movie. After the production moved back to Los Angeles, I remember seeing pictures of them in the trades. They were definitely together. Then one day they disappeared from the public eye. I was surprised when Lianne said she’s back here now.” She leveled a look at Emma and Chloe. “I’d love to know her story, but after what happened to me, I wouldn’t dream of asking her. If she wants to tell us, then we can listen.” Her gaze drifted toward the west, where the orange sun was slipping behind the hills. “But something tells me she won’t be spilling the beans anytime soon.”
“When is she coming out?” All three friends turned to Lianne.
“We left it open, but probably in the afternoon.” Lianne stood. “Right now I’m going to look in the pantry. I think there are a couple of cans of dog food left over from when the movie people were here. One of the actors had a dog.” She looked down at Bella, whose tail thumped against the boards of the porch. Now that the initial shock had worn off, she was looking forward to having a dog around. “You know what I’m talking about, don’t you girl?” Bella’s tail thumped again. “Well come on then, let’s go see what we can find.”
Chapter Nine
Jade applied some blush to her cheeks and studied the effect. She didn’t want to look ‘made up’, but she was anxious about meeting Lianne’s three friends, even though common sense told her that if they were friends of Lianne she would like them. 
She and Lianne had enjoyed each other’s company during the movie but there was something artificial about friendships made on location. Or perhaps temporary was a better description. Jade hoped that would change. After Zach, she could use a real friend.
She gave her head a brisk shake. Thinking about Zach Crawford was a no-no. At least that’s what she told herself. Easier said than done, but at least here in Chance she wasn’t pestered by paparazzi shoving their camera lenses in her face and asking questions about what had happened.
Coming back had been the right thing to do. On the first day back, she’d hiked to a spot overlooking the river and contemplated her future. She had no idea what was next in her personal life, but she was determined to find a way to work as a makeup artist. Just how she’d do that wasn’t clear yet, but she enjoyed utilizing the skills she’d learned over the years. How many people could say that about their job? At least she now had a direction.
She closed her makeup kit and headed down the stairs to her car. Her few bags were already packed and in the trunk.

* * *

Emma rose from her chair on the porch and called into the house. “Lianne, I think Jade is here.” She set down her coffee mug and walked to the railing.
Jade stepped out of her car and looked up, a tentative smile on her lips. “Hi, I’m Jade.”
Emma moved to the top of the stairs. “I’m Emma. So glad to meet you.” She didn’t know what she’d expected, someone a bit more glamorous perhaps. The young woman approaching the stairs possessed a quiet, subtle beauty and if Emma wasn’t mistaken, she had no idea how attractive she was. She could see how that might happen, working around Hollywood movie stars every day.
“I was just having a second coffee. Lianne and Madison are in the kitchen arguing over what to make for supper. Would you like a coffee?”
“I’d love one.” Jade peered through the screen. “Do we dare interrupt them?”
Emma chuckled softly. “It’s not a real fight. Those two have been at it for the past twenty years. I don’t expect them to stop now.” She pulled open the screen door.
“Lianne, Maddie. Jade is here.”
“Good. She can referee.” Lianne brandished a clove of garlic. “Garlic or no garlic?”
Madison rolled her eyes. “You can’t just ask her like that. She needs some context.”
Lianne glared at her friend. “Okay.” She turned back to Jade. “We’re making sautéed prawns for supper. The sides are fettucine Alfredo, salad and garlic toast. Your choice.”
Jade waited for the punch line but none came. “And?” she said eventually.
Madison held up a prawn. “We’re going to marinate the prawns in olive oil, lemon and salt. The question is should we put garlic in the marinade or is that too many competing flavors?”
Jade looked from one to the other. “How many sauté pans do you have?”
Madison frowned. “What does that have to do with anything?”
Jade shrugged. “Does it have to be either or? You could marinate two batches. One with the garlic and one without. That way, everyone gets what they prefer.” She stepped back, as though surprised at having voiced an opinion. “At least that’s what I’d do.”
Lianne and Madison looked at each other and a hint of a smile played around the corners of Lianne’s mouth. “What do you say, Mads?”
“She’s right of course. It’s an elegant solution.” She stuck out a hand. “Delighted to meet you, Jade. I’m Madison Waverly.”
A slight blush crept into Jade’s cheeks. “Yes, I recognized you. I loved that movie you were in with Tony Roland. What was the name of it?”
“Widow’s Walk.” Madison gave a wry smile. “A bit creepy, but I liked it.”
“I’ve never done makeup for a black and white movie. I imagine it’s completely different.”
“It was. But it turned out well, don’t you think?”
“It was great.” Jade looked around the kitchen. “Emma and I came in for some coffee, but is there anything we can do?”
Lianne gestured toward the coffee pot. “No, help yourself.” She nudged her friend. “Maddie and I will be out in a few moments and by then Chloe should be out of the shower.”
Jade studied the other woman as she and Emma settled into two of the comfortable chairs on the front porch. “So the four of you have known each other a long time?”
Emma nodded, her features softening. “Seems like forever. Maddie moved to town when she was around nine or ten, but Lianne, Chloe and I were born here.” She paused for a moment and looked off into the distance. “In this day and age it’s unusual for people to remain friends this long, but we’ve always been there for one another. I was thinking about that yesterday when I was driving up.”
“Where do you live?”
Emma didn’t answer right away. When she turned back there was a determined light in her eyes. “I have a home in San Francisco, but I’m not sure how much longer I’m going to live there. I left my job this past week and I’m still sorting myself out.”
Jade raised her eyebrows. “I know how that feels.”
Emma offered an understanding smile. “There’s a lot of that going around.” She looked out again at the rolling countryside. “There’s something peaceful about this place. I’ve only been here a day and things are already falling into place. I find that my perspective is completely different up here, away from the city.”
“In a good way, I hope.”
Emma took a small sip of coffee before continuing. “I’ve been mulling it over for a while. You see, I’ve had a very successful career as a lawyer and now it’s time to give something back.”
Jade’s eyes widened. “I thought that only happens in books, or in the movies.”
“What’s this about the movies?” Madison pushed through the screen door, followed by Lianne.
Jade darted a look at Emma, who gave an almost imperceptible nod. “Emma was saying that she might use her lawyerly skills to give back, and I was saying that only happens in the movies.”
Madison leaned against the porch railing, coffee mug in hand. “So you’ve decided. Good for you.”
“At the very least I’m going to spend some time downtown and see if I can get a feel for whether or not anyone needs my services. I might check out office space as well.”
“There’s lots of that,” said Jade. “It breaks my heart to see such a beautiful little town with so many empty storefronts.”
“It wasn’t always like that. We used to be able to get most things here, didn’t we?” Maddie’s expression was reflective. “And if a store owner didn’t have it here, they’d send away for it.” She turned to Lianne. “When did everything change? Or did it happen gradually, the way it did in so many other towns?”
“You’re right, it just sort of happened over time. It used to be that a store would close but you didn’t pay too much attention, because something new would take their place, but nowadays they stay empty and we have what almost amounts to a ghost town. I thought maybe there would be some interest when the movie was finished, but things like that don’t happen without a lot of effort. I think we all missed the boat on that one.”
Jade spoke tentatively “But you’re not a business owner Lianne. At least not in the traditional sense.”
“True, but my family has been here as long as any. I’m not sure that I could have done anything, but I could at least have tried.”
Emma’s brow furrowed at her friend’s words. “Are you saying I’m too late?”
“No.” Lianne spoke slowly. “I’m fairly confident there are plenty of people in town and the surrounding area who could use legal advice. You’ll probably be swamped.”
“Lianne’s right.” Madison spoke in her usual forthright manner. “But what if we were to approach this from a different point of view. What if the five of us…” she included Jade in a grand, all-encompassing gesture… “What if the five of us each did something positive to help the town? It doesn’t have to be anything earth shattering… more like something that would entice people to visit to see what’s going on.”
Chloe had been listening from inside the house, but she stepped out now, a coffee mug in one hand. “Isn’t that the job of the Chamber of Commerce? Aren’t they supposed to be the ones that attract new business?”
“Right again,” said Madison without missing a beat. “But I wasn’t thinking of that type of incentive.” She looked around at the other women. “I haven’t really thought this out, so bear with me, but I’ll bet each one of us has some sort of knowledge or skill set that we could put to work to make the town more attractive. Something that will appeal to families, for example. No town can thrive without families. We’d need to draw them in from all of the small towns within driving distance.”
“I like that.” Chloe sat down on the arm of Maddie’s chair. “What about something for the women?” She grinned. “Get the women and the men will follow.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Well, nothing at the moment. But what I lack in ideas I make up for in money.”
Four pair of eyes turned to her.
“Okay, guys. I know we’ve never talked about this but Boyd made a gazillion dollars in the ATM business and it’s still rolling in.” She made eye contact with each of them individually. “So now we never need to discuss this again. I’m not articulating it very well, but what I’m saying is that I could provide financial help to small businesses startups. Stuff like that.”
Lianne turned to Jade. “Speaking of small businesses, Gabby’s hairdressing salon seems to be just hanging on. Mads and I were talking about her the other night but now that you’re here I’d like to ask your opinion. What if she expanded and redecorated and added some spa services. What if you and Gabby became partners with Chloe’s financial help? Would you be interested in staying?”
“I love the idea, but she’s barely keeping her head above water now. What did you have in mind?”
Lianne toyed with her braid as she spoke. “The storefront next to her is empty. I can’t even remember what was in there.”
“I worked out of that space while the movie was shooting, remember? I think the last business in there sold musical instruments.”
Lianne gave a wry smile. “That figures. Anyway, what if Gabby added some basic services? Manicures, pedis, facials, maybe even massage. I would imagine the hardest part would be getting qualified people to work there.”
Jade spoke quickly. “Not a problem, believe me. I know a lot of technicians who’d love to get out of Los Angeles.” Jade looked around at the circle of faces. “I’ve always leaned toward the makeup and hair side of things and if there was any call for it, I’d love to teach skin care and give lessons on professional makeup application. But where would we find customers?”
Chloe had been listening carefully. “This is where I come in. I pay for the upgrades and the renovations, plus offer financial support for at least the first year. We offer free introductory services. And then two for one.” She made air quotes with both hands. “Come on in ladies, get a pedicure for yourself and your friend gets one free. Between the five of us, we can think of all sorts of promotions. We knock out the wall between the two shops, redecorate… the whole nine yards. And best of all, we hire locals to do the work, and order as much as we can from local businesses. It’s win win all around.” She paused to take a breath. “Does she have a website? Is she on Facebook or Instagram?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“That’s easily fixed. And again, I’ll bet there’s someone local we can hire to set it up for us.”
“I think the computer store is still open,” ventured Lianne.
“Good.” Chloe nudged Madison. “You’re next. Show us you’re more than just a pretty face.”
Chapter Ten
“I have a couple of ideas, actually.” Madison turned to Jade. “You said you were working on a wedding party. Where were they getting married?”
“Oh, I forgot about that. They were getting married at the little church, the one the movie people fixed up. The party was going to be at the hotel. The out of town guests booked every available room. Gabby told me that Josie and Heath – they’re the new hotel owners – said it’s the most business they’ve had all year. They were delighted.” A knowing grin spread across her face. “I think I see where you’re going with this. Downtown businesses working together.” She looked at the four women. “You guys are amazing. I don’t have money to put in, but I’d sure love to be a part of bringing Chance back to life.”
Madison spoke for the others. “As far as we’re concerned, you’re one of us now. We heard how you helped Gabby and wouldn’t accept payment. She couldn’t have handled all those women without some help.”
Jade blushed at the compliment. “It was fun, but thank you.”
“Okay, my next idea might take a bit more effort, but I’d like to run it by you.” Madison took a deep breath and looked around the semi-circle. “Whatever happened to the old movie theater? Is it still there?”
“It’s been closed for a few years now,” said Lianne.
“Good,” said Madison and glanced at Chloe. “That should make it easy to buy, don’t you think?”
Chloe grinned. “Absolutely.”
“But Madison.” Emma held up a cautionary hand. “You can’t just buy a theatre and start showing movies. Movie distribution is tightly controlled.”
“I know.” Madison’s eyes sparkled. “But that’s where we have an advantage. We’re not going to charge admission. Oh, we’ll set up the concession and hire a local to run it, but come one, come all… there’s no charge for the movies in Chance, folks!”
“But how…” Emma sputtered.
“Have you heard of Howard K. Samuels?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Well, Howard is a friend of mine who owns a huge catalogue of films. And that includes the rights to just about every old Western ever made. I’m confident that when I explain to him what we’re doing, he’ll give me permission to show his movies.”
Emma grinned. “That would be an amazing draw. We could run matinees as well, so people come to town during the day when the stores are open.”
“That’s a great idea.” Madison grinned at Emma, then switched her focus. “Is the newspaper still operational?” She looked from Lianne to Jade. 
“I picked up a paper the other day and noticed that they only publish every two weeks,” said Jade. “Gabby says it’s just one man and his son. They try to cover local events, but there isn’t much to report. They also have a small offset printing press in the back of the shop.” She brightened. “They’ll probably report on today’s wedding. That’s something positive at least.”
Madison’s eyes grew misty. “I love weddings.” She glanced across at Lianne. “Lois Lane and I used to watch the brides posing for their photos outside the church. Remember?”
Jade shook her head. “Lois Lane? You lost me.”
“That’s what everyone called Lianne in high school. We had a little high school newsletter and she was our intrepid reporter. You wrote an article for that newsletter every week.” She smiled at the memory. “Remember, Li?”
“That name stuck with me for years. It got so I’d answer to Lois before Lianne.” She shook her head. “I’d almost forgotten.”
“Me too.” Madison’s tone was wistful. “But back to the newspaper. We’ll need to liaise with them. One of us has to visit them and tell them what we’re doing. If we manage to lure people back to town, it will mean more business for them.”
“We’ll need printing,” said Chloe. “At the very least, we’ll need flyers for the new spa, and posters for the movies. Plus ads for both of those.” She looked at Emma. “I think we should set up a fund for this project. Would you consider taking it on as your first customer?” She spread her hands. “Someone has to take care of the finances, write the checks, etc. Who better than a lawyer? We’ll start it off with ten million.”
Jade swallowed. “Ten million?”
“I’m not saying we should spend money unwisely. But with serious operating capital behind us, we’ll make smarter decisions.” Chloe appealed to Lianne. “That makes sense, doesn’t it?”
Lianne managed to find her voice. “Sounds good to me.” She continued to speak while the others were silent. “You know, I’ve been sitting back listening, and I see a theme emerging here.” She held up a hand. “No, not a theme of bringing the town back to life. We’ve already decided on that. What I’m thinking is that maybe it’s not too late to take advantage of the attractive main street the movie people left us with. What if we focused our rebuilding efforts around the theme of a Wild West town? We have that gorgeous little church. We could offer a package for weddings with a western theme.”
“I like that.” Jade’s eyes sparkled. “We can cross-promote with the spa.”
“We could hold themed weekends several times during the year. Call them Wild West weekends or something like that. Bring in some country western entertainment, offer stagecoach rides, maybe even hire a band of pretend outlaws to rob the stage. Free movies twenty-four seven.” Chloe held up a hand. “Hold on, I need to go grab some paper and make notes.” She was back a moment later. “We could set up one of those sluice things where people pan for gold. Everyone knows they’re a set-up, but the kids love them.”
“How would we feed all those people?” asked Emma, ever practical. “We only have the hotel dining room and that little coffee shop out near the grocery store.”
Lianne spoke slowly. “I think I know what we could do. We make nice with the service organizations in the neighboring towns. Most of them have portable food stands. We invite them to set up in the park. They’ll spread the word, and make money at the same time.”
Madison nodded thoughtfully. “Good. And we can hire some porta-potties for the park as well.”
“Porta-potties,” muttered Chloe, scribbling as fast as she could.
Madison rose. “I have to dash inside for a moment but I have one more thought. People who come to town for these things are willing to spend money, you know. We could open up some spots for good quality craft vendors.”
Chloe looked up as Madison slipped through the door. “Craft vendors. Good.”
“We need something for the men,” said Jade.
Lianne spoke up. “A couple of years ago I stopped by a similar event down south, and there was an exhibit of antique farming equipment. The men seemed to love that.” She looked toward Chloe.
“Got it.”
Lianne turned to Emma. “Are you okay with taking this on? I have a feeling this is going to take a lot of time. I’ve just thought of something else. We need to develop a website for Chance around our theme.”
“What about hiring a high school student, or a recent graduate?” Jade looked from one to the other. “Most of them have mad tech skills. We could use someone young on board and they’re bound to have ideas we haven’t thought of.”
Chloe deferred to Emma. “If it’s okay with you Em, we could hire an assistant for you for six months and if it works out, make it a full time position. Let’s create as many jobs as possible with this thing. If the wedding thing takes off that’s another full time position right there.”
Emma’s relief was evident. “I was beginning to wonder when I’d have time to offer legal help.”
“Good thinking,” agreed Chloe. Let’s look for an office set-up where your law office can be separate but where you can oversee the new venture. We can remodel if necessary.”
“Thanks, Chloe.” Emma looked around at the eager faces. “We’re really going to do this, aren’t we?” Unshed tears shimmered in her eyes. “I can’t tell you how good it feels to be planning something positive.”
“Me too.” Jade blinked rapidly. “I was beginning to wonder if this was the right place to heal a broken heart but I couldn’t have chosen a better place. Thank you for accepting me into your group.”
Chloe kept her head buried in her notebook. “I’ve been through a rough couple of years but most of my unhappiness was self-inflicted.” She raised her head and offered a wan smile. “It’s time to pay it forward, and I can’t think of a better project. So yes, we’re really going to do this.”
Lianne listened with a growing sense of unease. She wasn’t about to divulge what a fool she’d been about a man she scarcely knew. But she needn’t have worried; none of her friends would press her. “I’m in,” she said.
“All right ladies.” Madison came through the screen door. She carried a tray with a bottle of champagne, five glasses, and a can of ginger ale. “Time for a toast.”
“Madison!” Emma smiled affectionately at her friend. “Trust you to come up with champagne.”
“Seems appropriate, don’t you think?” Madison poured champagne into four of the glasses and ginger ale into the fifth. Chloe sent her a look of thanks as she accepted the ginger ale.
Madison reached for her glass, then paused. “Here’s to… wait a minute, we need a name for our new venture.” Her gaze rested on each of them in turn as she raised her glass. “How about ‘Second Chances’?”
Soft laughter and the ring of crystal echoed in the soft evening air as the five women touched glasses in a toast. “To Second Chances.”

The End

LIANNE
Chapter One
Heathrow Airport, London
“Are you all right, Mrs. Larsen?” The British Airways agent looked at her closely.
Lianne dredged up a smile. “Yes, thank you.” She hoped the woman didn’t hear the quaver in her voice. She was definitely not all right, but she’d made it this far and refused to fall apart now. 
She glanced toward the unmarked door that led to the First Class lounge. For some irrational reason, she clung to the belief that once she was through that door, she’d be able to breathe again. The ache in her heart would go away, and she’d be free of the sickening feeling that had settled in the pit of her stomach. At the very least, she’d be much less visible for the rest of the trip, tucked away in the relative luxury and privacy of First Class.
“Here you are,” said the agent, walking her to the door and returning her passport and boarding pass. “Enjoy your flight.”
Lianne managed a polite nod. “Thank you.”
She entered the hallowed ground of the First Class lounge. Luxuriously appointed, with soft music, a wide range of food, drink and personal services, the lounge would be a delightful spot to wait at any other time. Thankfully, her flight was already boarding, and she took the hallway leading directly to the aircraft, was shown to her pod and sat down with an audible sigh.
Lianne allowed the flight attendant to fuss over her a bit, showing her how everything worked. Did they know she’d never flown First Class before? She didn’t care, as long as they stopped bothering her.
Sensing her need to be alone, the attendant showed her how to summon him, and then withdrew.
When she’d called British Airways last night Lianne had been relieved to learn that there was First Class seating available. She didn’t think she would have been able to maintain her composure with all those people looking at her… knowing what a fool she’d been. Of course that fear had been completely unfounded, but even now the thought made her shudder and draw further into herself.
Closing her eyes, she let her head fall back. Tears that had been threatening ever since she left Looe in the early morning hours burned behind her eyes.
Everything had happened so quickly. Yesterday she’d been blissfully falling in love and now, mere hours later, there was a gaping hole where her heart used to be. She placed a hand on her chest, surprised to feel a steady beat.
The aircraft moved, backing out from the gate. Lianne slid up the screen beside her seat and looked out at the dull, overcast day. A strangled half-laugh clogged her throat as the events of the past twenty four hours scrolled through her mind. How had her life come to this when she’d been so happy? Of course, to answer that question, she’d have to go back to an earlier time…
Chapter Two
Chance, California.  Graduation year.
“I can’t believe we’re breaking up.” Madison tossed her dark curls. “Not that I’ll miss you or anything.”
“Don’t be silly, Mads. We’re not breaking up. None of us are going very far and we’ll get together when we come home for holidays. Besides, it’s time. Much as we love our hometown we can’t hang around here forever.” She looked over her friend’s shoulder toward the door of the coffee shop. “I thought Em and Chloe were coming.”
“They’ll be here.” Madison toyed with her coffee cup. “I never thought I’d say this, but I’m actually envious that you guys are all going on to school. Madge and Norm are great parents, you know I love them like crazy, but when it comes to fiscal responsibility…” She shrugged. “Of course I can’t really talk. I wasn’t much better. I could have been saving, but in our house we rarely talk about the future, let alone save for it.”
“We all envied you,” said Lianne. “You never seemed to have a curfew.” She paused. “No rules at all, come to think of it.”
Madison nodded. “That’s the way it is when your parents are left-over hippies.”
Lianne started to speak but Madison interrupted. “I know that’s what everyone calls them and I don’t really mind. They’re free spirits, and they’ll never change.” Movement outside the plate glass window caught her eye. “Here are Em and Chloe now.”
The two young women headed for the circular corner booth. The four friends had claimed it as ‘their’ booth many years ago. Emma slid in one side and Chloe the other.
“Hi guys.” Chloe nudged Madison. “Why so sober? I thought you’d be glad to see your competition leave town.”
“Puhleeeze.” Madison stretched out the word. “You’ve never been competition for me.”
Chloe laughed. “That’s more like it.” She looked up as the server appeared. “Hi Connie. Could I have a Coke please?” She glanced toward Emma.
“Hot tea for me please, Connie.” When the server had left she turned to her friends. “Let’s not squabble today, ladies.” Her voice was soft, tentative. “Three of us are setting out for university tomorrow. I don’t know about you guys, but I’m a little nervous.”
“You? Nervous?” Lianne frowned. “You always seem so self-contained. So in control.”
“It’s all an act.” Emma offered a tentative smile. “Trust me, I’m nervous. My parents are counting on me to become a high powered lawyer. Nothing else will do.”
“Who’s life is it, anyway?” Madison’s fingers tightened around her coffee cup, the only indication that she was angry.
“You’re right, of course.” Emma looked up and smiled her thanks as Connie placed a tea pot and cup in front of her. She waited until the server had left, then continued. “I think what we have here is a classic case of parents who want their child to achieve what they couldn’t.” She made eye contact with each of her friends. “I’m willing to give it a try. At least it gets me out from under the constant pressure.”
“Fair enough.” Madison turned to Chloe. “I can’t believe we’re only talking about this now, but what about you? Do you want to get a nursing degree?”
Chloe was still staring at Emma, and it took a moment for her to respond. “I do, actually. Nursing isn’t for everyone, but it’s always appealed to me. Depending on which route I take, it can take me as long to become licensed as it will for Em to get her law degree.”
“Seriously?” Lianne lifted her coffee cup only to find she’d already drained it.
“Yes. My initial plan is to go for my BSN degree, with a view to administration, or possibly teaching at a later date.” She turned to Lianne. “And as for you, we already know what you’ll be up to.
“What does that mean?” There was a mild challenge in her voice.
“Attending UC-Berkeley, which just happens to be where Brett is going.”
“That’s true.” She pushed her coffee cup aside and leaned forward on the table. “But it takes more to get into UC-Berkeley than just a check. They have very stringent admission requirements and their Environmental Studies program is one of the best. Both Brett and I held our breath until we were accepted.”
“I’m sorry Li. I didn’t mean to suggest…” her words trailed off.
Lianne relaxed. “I know you didn’t, but for Brett to get into their program is a big deal.”
“What are you taking again?”
“Business Administration.” She paused for a moment to gather her thoughts. “Every day I see my dad struggling with government forms, trying to come up with financial projections, and handling the hundreds of details that go into running a ranch.” She blinked a few times, fighting to hold back her emotions. “You know, I’ve never really told him how much I appreciate the way he reacted when Mom died. He did everything he could to give me a normal life, and now I’d like to give something back. Not to mention I’ll be getting an education in the meantime.” She looked around the table and a slow smile lit her face. “And yes, I’ll be with Brett. That’s a definite bonus.”
“Amen to that.” Madison paused for a beat. “And I have an announcement.”
All eyes turned to her.
“I’ve decided to go to Los Angeles and try to get work in the film industry. I know it won’t be easy, but I’ve always wanted to be an actor, so I’m going to go after my dreams.” She gave a nervous little laugh. “You all know how persistent I can be, and I’ve never been shy about putting myself out there. As a matter of fact I can be a real pain in the ass, which is why I think I have a shot.” She looked at each of the surprised faces in turn. “So what do you think?”
“Dammit Mads, if anyone can make it, you can.” Chloe gave her a spontaneous hug. “And you’re my very favorite pain in the ass.”
Lianne and Emma voiced their support, and for a moment the table fell silent.
“So,” said Lianne. “What you said earlier about us breaking up. That was just your usual overly dramatic self?”
“In a way, yes. I’m serious about wishing I could go to college like you guys, but living with my parents I’ve learned one thing.” She paused for effect. “Nobody’s going to hand it to you, so if you want something, go for it. Besides, what’s the worst thing that can happen… I don’t become an actor? In the meantime, I’ll have fun trying.”
Chapter Three
Three Years Later
Lianne lifted her face to the sun as she waited by the fountain in Sproul Plaza. She and Brett had used the Plaza as their meeting place since shortly after they arrived at Berkeley. There was always something to see, or Lianne had learned to ignore the constant movement and concentrate on a book, if necessary.
The sun felt good today but it was time to go back home and recharge her batteries. She’d loved everything about Berkeley, but with hindsight came the realization that Chance – and particularly the ranch – had been a wonderful place to grow up. Brett felt the same, but then he could be happy anywhere.
There he was now, striding across the Plaza, long legs encased in jeans. Several women eyed him covetously but Lianne had learned a long time ago not to be jealous. A short young man with tortoise-shell glasses came scurrying across the plaza, intercepting Brett about a hundred feet away. He glanced in her direction, made eye contact, smiled, and then focused on the young man whose glasses seemed determined to slip from his nose.
Brett’s opinion was often being sought by others in his field. In the three years they’d been here, he’d become something of a rock star among the environmental community. While others offered overly dramatic, long-winded speeches that were often designed to stir up emotions, Brett’s opinions were calm, reasoned and always backed up by facts, as opposed to those of his colleagues, whose only goal was to be quoted in some publication.
She watched him now, head tilted down as he listened attentively. Was it any wonder the younger students looked up to him? He always had time to listen to their ideas, their theories. More importantly, if he thought they were reaching the wrong conclusions, he gently steered them in a new direction, often leaving them with the impression that they’d figured it out on their own. His empathy was one of the many things she loved about him.
Lianne couldn’t remember a time she hadn’t loved Brett Larsen.
Mary and Dan Larsen had been older than most when their only son was born. Dan spent much of his time on the road as a sales rep for a major drug company. Mary worked at the municipal offices in the neighboring town of Cranston.
In spite of the fact that his parents couldn’t always be available, Brett grew up in a secure home, knowing he was loved. At the age of twelve he was given a horse which he kept on the family’s small acreage. Taking full advantage of his newfound mobility, he seized the opportunity to explore the countryside and began observing changes in water flow and lake levels long before climate change became a widely accepted fact.
Lianne and Brett knew each other from school but the summer Brett was given his horse they began to spend time together, finding they had much in common.
Waiting for him now, she was reminded of something Chloe had said last summer when Lianne and Brett had announced their engagement.
“If this was a romance novel,” quipped Chloe as she studied the engagement ring, “nobody would believe it. You two have never questioned your commitment to each other. That’s just not normal.”
Lianne smiled at her friend. “I know what you mean, but that doesn’t make us any less in love. Neither of us needs drama to fuel our attraction.”
“I’m jealous, I suppose. He’s just too perfect.”
Lianne gave a wry smile. “Oh, he’s not perfect.”
“Do tell.”
Lianne began to wish she hadn’t brought this up. It was such a small thing. “You’re going to think I’m silly for even mentioning this, but Brett’s a daydreamer.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well,” she said, choosing her words slowly. “Sometimes he sits and stares off into space. I talk to him and he doesn’t hear me. When he finally comes back, he says he was thinking.”
Chloe raised an eyebrow. “That’s not such a bad thing.”
“No, I suppose not. My theory is that it has something to do with the fact that he spent a lot of time alone when he was small. His dad worked out of town and his mother wasn’t there when he got home from school.” Lianne shrugged. “I’m used to it now, but at first I wondered what was happening.”
“I like a man who thinks. Better than the alternative.” She ducked her head. “I’ve met someone.”
Lianne brightened. “Oh Chloe, and here I’ve been going on about myself. What’s he like?”
A soft blush crept into her friend’s cheeks. “We’ve only been out a few times. This nursing course keeps me too busy.”
Lianne took note of Chloe’s heightened color. “You must like him. I hardly ever see you blush.”
Chloe looked around as though afraid of being overheard. “He’s a lot older than me.”
“How much older?”
“Ten years.”
“That’s not bad, if you like him.” Lianne frowned. “You do like him, don’t you?”
“Yeah, I do.”
“Then why not see where it goes? What does he do?”
“I’m not really sure. He’s what they call a venture capitalist for tech related start-ups. I don’t pretend to understand most of it, but his main focus at the moment is ATM machines.” She leaned closer. “Do you have any idea how many of those machines are out there? He owns a good percentage of them.”
“I’d never thought about it.”
Chloe shook her head. “Neither had I. The machines just sit there and spit out money in more ways than one. He got in on the ground floor and these days he spends most of his time on that part of his business.”
“Sounds interesting.” Lianne hesitated. “Please don’t tell me he’s married.”
“No. At least not any more. He was married when he was quite young, but they got divorced a couple of years ago. He has a twelve year old daughter.”
“Have you met her?”
“Once, but it was just for a moment.” Chloe made a helpless gesture. “That was enough. She definitely doesn’t want her Daddy to get involved with anyone else. Boyd says he’s only introduced her to one other woman, and she was the same then. It’s sad really, but she lives with her mother and goes to a private school. He says he doesn’t see her nearly enough, but he travels a lot so he doesn’t dare press for more time. When he has to miss a weekend, his ex-wife makes a real fuss.” She managed a bright smile. “But let’s get back to your news. When’s the wedding?”
Lianne fingered her engagement ring. “Next summer, probably July. I hope you’ll be able to get away.”
“I wouldn’t miss it.”
Had that really been last year? Here it was, the end of May and she’d be a married woman in two months. Her father had been remarkably sanguine about the wedding and had offered to hire someone to handle all of the tiresome details. “All you have to do is tell the wedding planner who you want to invite, tell her what kind of a wedding you want, and she’ll do the rest. You just show up.”
And it really had been that easy. Shortly thereafter, Brenda Carlisle appeared on the scene. She was older than Lianne expected, and soft spoken, but in addition to being stylish and attractive, she possessed an infinite capacity for remembering details. Lianne couldn’t imagine having arranged the wedding without her.
Neither Lianne nor Brett had wanted a big production. The wedding ceremony as well as the reception was to take place at the Bar T and the last time she spoke with Brenda, everything was on schedule. After a few meetings with the older woman, Lianne had noticed that her father was always somewhere around, and she began to wonder if, after all these years, Travis Thomson had finally allowed a woman into his life. For many years now, Lianne had encouraged him to find some happiness for himself, but he offered an enigmatic smile and gave her his usual response… “Perhaps someday”.
Was it possible that ‘someday’ had finally arrived? Lianne wound her braid around a finger as she considered the possibilities. If her father were to find happiness with Brenda or any woman, Lianne would be ecstatic.
“Penny for your thoughts.”
Brett sat down beside her, untangled her fingers from her hair and kissed the back of her hand. “You always do that when you’re thinking,” he said, his breath warm against her skin.
Lianne leaned into him. “I was thinking that in a couple of months we’ll be married.”
He gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “Getting cold feet?”
“No.” She smiled into his eyes. “If anything, I love you now more than ever. What about you? No second thoughts, I hope.”
“Never, although sometimes I worry that I take you too much for granted.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well…” He gazed across the plaza as though seeking some distant shore. “I’ll probably end up traveling a lot. I know you say you don’t mind, that you’re willing to come with me, but it’s not always the easiest conditions.”
“I know that Brett. But let’s deal with those situations as they arise.” She leaned closer and gave him a lingering kiss on the cheek. “After we’re married.”
Chapter Four
The wedding of Brett Larsen and Lianne Thomson was a joyous affair. Lianne had been thrilled when her father agreed to invite everyone from the small town of Chance to celebrate with the newlyweds.
Even the ranch foreman and his wife had been convinced to take the day off and join in the festivities. Carlos and Ramona Mendoza had been with the Thomson family since Lianne was small. They were part of the Bar T and she couldn’t imagine the place without them. After the death of Lianne’s mother, Ramona had quietly taken over the running of the house.
The food was prepared and served by several chefs manning large barbecue pits. Rustic as well as delicious, the residents of Chance would talk about the spread for years to come. Large buckets of ice held beer and wine as well as soft drinks for the younger crowd. Under a spreading black oak, a bartender dispensed drinks while fragrant smoke from the barbecue pits drifted into its leaves.
Determined to keep the wedding informal, Lianne had decided against the traditional head table. Instead, after the ceremony, she and Brett wandered among their guests, spending time visiting each table and catching up on the news they’d missed over the past three years.
“So, you have one more year to go?” Miss Elmira inquired. The former schoolteacher was remarkably spry in her seventies.
“Yes, ma’am.” Brett took Lianne’s hand. “Lianne finished her course this year, but Berkeley has developed some new computer modules, so she’s coming back with me.”
“Excellent.” Miss Elmira spoke as though they’d been waiting for her approval. “Good luck to both of you.”
“May I have this dance?”
Lianne turned at the familiar voice. Her father had looked particularly handsome during the ceremony but true to form he’d removed his jacket and tie and stood before her now, arms extended.
“Oh Daddy,” she said as he twirled her around the wooden dance floor. “I’m so happy.”
“Then I’m happy,” he said, eyes glittering with unshed tears. “I wish your mother could see you today.”
“Me too.” Lianne glanced to the side, where Brenda was checking the ice in the buckets. “But don’t you think it’s time you grabbed some happiness for yourself?”
He gave her a slow, knowing smile. “What are you trying to say?”
“Come on, Dad. I’ve seen the way you look at Brenda. Have you asked her out?”
“Well now young lady, I don’t know if that’s any of your business.” A broad smile tempered his words. “But since you ask, we’ve been spending time together and we’ve planned a trip to San Francisco in a few weeks.”
“I’m happy for you, Dad. Both of you.” And she meant it. Brenda Carlisle had brought out the gentle side of her father, and it looked good on him.
“And before I forget, thanks again for the wedding present. Brett and I had no idea you were doing that.”
Her father’s eyes found Brenda across the crowd. “Brenda helped with the layout. I think it turned out well, don’t you?”
“I wouldn’t change a thing.”
Travis Thomson had surprised Lianne and Brett with a new home on ranch land. Located about half a mile from the main ranch house, the three-bedroom home sat atop a small rise, facing south. Lianne’s favorite feature was the broad wrap-around porch, similar to the one on the big house. She envisioned spending many happy hours there with her new husband.

* * *

“He did what?” Madison’s exclamation drew amused looks from the other patrons of the coffee shop. The four friends had met to exchange news two days before the wedding.
“Unbelievable, right?” Lianne’s eyes sparkled. “I can’t wait to show it to you. You’ll love it.” She turned to Emma. “And how is law school?”
“It’s okay.” Emma’s reticence had not abated. “I was tenth in my class.”
“That’s good, right?” Madison’s support could always be counted on.
Emma nodded. “I think so. Yes.”
Madison turned to Chloe. “And you, Missy. How’s the nursing?”
“It’s exhausting, but I’m enjoying it.” She met Lianne’s eyes for a moment. “I was going out with a fellow, but I had to put that on hold. He wanted more of my time than I could afford to give him.”
“He’ll wait,” said Madison confidently. “And if he doesn’t, then he didn’t deserve you in the first place.”
“Thanks, Mads. That’s what I thought, too. How about you?”
“Nothing major to report.” The would-be actress tossed her curls. “I’m living with a couple of other girls and I’m not starving, but fame has eluded me so far. Sometimes I think it’s just a matter of being in the right place at the right time. I just haven’t been there yet.”
“You will.” Lianne looked at the faces surrounding her. “We always knew that things would change but it’s not the same any more, is it? We may only get to see each other in the summer, but at least we manage to pick up right where we left off. Let’s never lose touch, okay?”
“I second that,” murmured Emma. “And now that you and Brett have your very own home here in Chance, your place can be ground zero. If we need to get together for any reason, we know where to go. That is if you don’t mind.”
“Of course not. I’m flattered.” Lianne glanced at her watch. “I hate to be a party-pooper, but I have a few chores to do for Brenda.”
“Who?” Madison demanded.
“She’s the woman Dad hired to arrange the wedding. She’s done an amazing job.”
“Your father has hidden depths,” said Chloe. “I’m quite sure my father doesn’t even know wedding planners exist.”
Lianne laughed. “Well you can’t have him.” She slid out of the booth. “But make sure you get him out on the dance floor at the party. He’s a good dancer.”
The friends watched her walk away, already checking her cell phone for messages.
Emma spoke first. “Just think. Next time we see her, she’ll be married.”
“Where has the time gone?” Madison wondered aloud.
“When I saw her last year, I told her that her life would make a great romance novel.” Chloe looked to her friends for confirmation.
Madison nodded slowly. “It sure seems that way. Let’s just hope it ends in happy ever after.”
Chapter Five
“Looks like I chose the right field of study.” Brett pushed his salad around the plate, his attention clearly not on food. “I was contacted by another company today.”
Lianne removed his plate and poured coffee. “Is it something you might consider?” She knew he didn’t tell her every time he was approached.
“I liked what they had to say. They’re called EnviroTech, and like the others, they accept jobs from all over the world.” He stretched and glanced toward the counter. “Are there any of those brownies left?”
Lianne placed the two remaining brownies in front of him. “That makes what? Four offers that you’re considering?”
“Yes, but there’s something about this company. They’re American, of course, and they seem to understand that I’d want to get my feet wet doing assessments in the U.S. before I tackle any overseas jobs.”
“So this one’s at the top of the list?”
“It is. And I’m leaning heavily toward accepting.” He looked up at her. “What do you think?”
She moved behind him and massaged the tight muscles in his neck and shoulders. “I think you should go with your gut. Your instincts have always served you well.” She leaned down and placed a lingering kiss on the side of his face. “For example, your choice of a wife was absolutely brilliant.”
He pulled her down onto his lap. “So you keep telling me. How about a demonstration?”

* * *

Brett joined EnviroTech in September and was put in charge of assessing the environmental impact of a water diversion project in Central California. As usual, his study comprised a skillful combination of practical and human factors, resulting in a report that made several innovative suggestions, satisfying both the originating party and the farmers who relied on the water for their livelihood.
“How was it?” asked Lianne eagerly as she read his notes. “Did you enjoy it as much as you anticipated?”
Brett considered her question for a moment. “In addition to the physical observations, I did a lot of interviews with the people who would be impacted. I always knew that any recommendations in my reports would affect people, but actually speaking to them was different than I had thought. On paper they don’t fight back, or tell you their personal stories. So to answer your question, yes I enjoyed it, but not quite in the way I had imagined.”
“This is good,” said Lianne, looking up from the report. “I like the way you included some personal details. Not too much, but enough to make it come alive. You have a real flair for this.”
“Thanks. They’re going to assign me a few more small studies around the U.S., then it’ll be time for some international work. Part of the deal when I hired on was that when possible you would come with me. I sold them on the idea of you transcribing and organizing my notes as we go along. That will make the final report much easier to compile. You can put your Lois Lane skills to work.”
“Lois Lane was a reporter, silly.”
He acknowledged her comment with a shrug of his shoulders. “True, but I still think of you as Lois. When you meet the people from EnviroTech they’ll probably be surprised to learn that your name is Lianne.” He chuckled softly. “I can still picture you running around with your little notebook doing those hard-hitting interviews for the school paper.”
“That was important stuff!” she said in mock dismay.
“You were good at it,” Brett murmured, suddenly serious. “Which is why I know you’ll be a great help when I get into the more complicated assignments.”
“Thanks Sweetie. I’m looking forward to it. And while we’ve been home this time, I’ve installed a new program on the ranch computer. I think Dad will be able to manage a bit easier while we’re gone and that makes me feel good.”
He gave her a sideways glance. “Travis seems different since we got married. I don’t know… less stressed, perhaps. Do you think he and Brenda have something going?”
Lianne chuckled. “I think so. He doesn’t discuss his love life with me, but last summer he said something about them going away together for a weekend. I hope they did.”
Brett rose from the table and held out his hand. “Let’s go sit on the swing. I’d like to talk to you about something.”
They settled into the deep padded swing on the front porch. At this time of year the water in the river was barely visible, but the route was clearly defined by the willows and aspens growing along its banks.
“I never get tired of this view,” said Lianne, leaning into Brett with a satisfied sigh. “I can’t imagine living anywhere else.”
“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Lianne pulled away, alarmed. “You don’t like living here?”
He pulled her back into his embrace. “That’s not what I meant. I’ve been thinking the opposite, actually. I love it here too, and it occurred to me that we’ve never had a serious conversation about children. I mean we both want them, but we haven’t decided when.”
“Oh,” she said, the tension draining from her body. “You frightened me there for a minute.”
“Sorry. It’s just that I thought we should talk about it so we’re both on the same page.”
“I’ve been thinking about it of course,” she said after a moment. “And I’d like to wait a couple of years. How do you feel about that?”
He gave her a gentle squeeze. “That’s what I was thinking, too. Gives us a chance to take a few trips together.” He gazed into the distance for several long minutes.
“Where do you go when you drift off like that?” Lianne’s tone was gently probing. “I always wonder.”
He looked down at her. “I’m almost afraid to tell you. You’ll think you’re married to a kook.”
“I already know that.”
He smiled. “Sometimes I think I can hear the earth. I can sense the stress we humans are putting on it every day with our pesticides, our plastic, and our greenhouse gases.”
“And what does it say?”
He raised his eyebrows. “It doesn’t say anything specific, but when I listen, I’m reminded that I chose the right profession. At least the people who hire us care about what type of changes their projects might bring. Granted, some of them are required by law to do environmental impact studies, but many of them are doing it for the right reasons. That’s progress.”
It was Lianne’s turn to gaze off into the distance. “I’m proud of you, Brett Larsen. I don’t tell you that often enough.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Larsen.” He gave a contented sigh. “I’m lucky to be married to you.”
Chapter Six
Brett’s level of expertise grew over the next couple of years, making him one of the rising stars of EnviroTech. His first international assignment was to deliver a preliminary study on locating a low-impact tourist facility in Puerto Rico. With several available properties, the client was eager to join the eco-tourism movement and expressed a willingness to implement the recommendations put forward by Enviro-Tech. Brett and Lianne spent an idyllic month on the island, combining work and leisure.
Lianne soon adapted to Brett’s irregular work schedule. Long periods in the field were usually followed by several weeks of leisure at home and they learned to embrace their new way of life.
“I sometimes feel that I’ve abandoned you,” she said one day as she helped her father sort out a data entry problem. Travis had converted the formal dining room of the main ranch house to an office/library. He had become adept at entering the data needed not only for their own purposes, but for government requirements.
She studied him now as they sat side by side, the pale glow from the computer screen highlighting the rugged angles of his face.
“Have you lost weight Dad?”
He patted his stomach. “Not when you feed me like that.” The three of them had taken to eating together when she and Brett were home.
“I’m serious. You look tired.”
“I’m not a young buck anymore,” he said, refusing to meet her eyes. “But I’m fine. Now why don’t you tell me about this next assignment? It sounds interesting.”
Lianne accepted the change of subject. Her father had never been forthcoming about his health or about anything personal for that matter, but she made a mental note to speak to Brenda before the upcoming trip.
“We’re going to Cornwall, in England.”
“I know where Cornwall is. Your mother and I went there shortly after we were married. Stayed in a picturesque little seaside village called Looe.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Some of the most beautiful coastlines I’ve ever seen. But I’ve interrupted; what’s the job?”
“The customer is an alternative energy company who’s looking into wave power. I’ve only done some preliminary reading, but there’s more than one way to get power from the ocean, and they want to determine what’s best ecologically as well as financially. The technology is still in its infancy so as you can imagine, it’s expensive.”
“In the beginning, yes. I can see that. But it’s clean energy.” Travis shook his head. “Imagine that.”
“I think Brett is quite excited about the potential.”
“Understandable.” Travis seemed to drift off for a moment. “It was about this time of year when your mother and I were there. The beginning of the storm season. The locals kept telling us we should see it in the summertime, but we enjoyed the fact that the beaches were almost deserted. Waves crashing in and all that.” His eyes took on a faraway look as he remembered. “Those were some of our happiest times.” He patted her knee. “You’ll love it, and chances are you’ll get to see it again in the summer. The way you young people zip around the world these days…” His words trailed off.
“Well, we don’t leave for a couple of weeks.” Lianne returned her attention to the computer. “Now let me show you what I did here.”

* * *

“Dad says the weather can be wild at this time of year.” Lianne had two suitcases open on the bed in the spare bedroom. “I’m not really sure what clothes to pack.”
Brett stood in the doorway. “I always think it’s better to be too warm than too cold. And I’ve heard the same thing about the weather. Let’s take extra sweaters and jackets.”
“Okay. Do you want me to –” Pounding footsteps on the front porch drew her attention.
“Miss Lianne. Come quick!”
She flew down the stairs to find Carlos at the front door, breathless, eyes wide. “It’s Mister Travis!” The old ranch Jeep idled out front and he ran to the driver’s side while Lianne jumped into the passenger seat. “The stables,” he gasped, pulling away.
Brett raced to the golf cart they used for transport around the property and followed.
A high pitched whinny drew her to the interior of the stables. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust. Her father’s horse Cisco stood over a figure on the ground, his eyes wild.
“Daddy!” Lianne ran to his side, and fell to her knees. Her father’s eyes were closed, his breathing ragged.
“Daddy, talk to me.” Fighting for control, she took his hand, willing him to live. Her father opened his eyes for a moment, recognized her and squeezed her hand. “I’m sorry,” he said, his words barely audible.
Travis Thomson took one last breath and then his head fell to the side.
“No!” Tears ran down Lianne’s face and she looked up at Brett. “Please no,” she repeated, the words coming out as a low, gurgling wail. Slumping to the floor she looked around, taking in the tableau. Cisco’s saddle lay off to the side and it appeared that Travis had been saddling his horse in preparation for a ride. It was something he did almost every day, but today… She found she couldn’t form a thought.
Over the next few days Lianne was inconsolable. Brett stayed by her side, ready to catch her when she fell apart, but she barely spoke. Finally on the third day the dam broke and she staggered into his arms, blaming herself for her father’s death.
“You couldn’t have known,” Brett spoke softly, unsure of how to proceed. He’d never dealt with grief before, and was feeling his way.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” she insisted. “I could tell there was something wrong the last time we had a computer session. I asked him how he was feeling and he said he was fine.”
“So what were you supposed to do?”
“I don’t know,” she wailed. “But I should have pushed harder. I know how stubborn he is… was.”

* * *

The small church was overflowing for the funeral service. Bathed in splinters of colored light streaming through the stained glass, Lianne stared straight ahead, pretending to listen to the minister as he spoke. Later, she was barely aware of the stream of people who attended the reception. When it was over, she retreated to the ranch, expressing a desire to be alone. 
In spite of that, her three friends arrived together. Brett met them on the front porch, his expression bleak. “She knows you’re here” he said, “but she wants to be alone. I’m sorry.”
“We understand,” said Emma, fighting back tears.
“Please tell her we love her,” said Chloe.
“Well that’s not good enough for me.” Three sets of eyes turned to Madison. She gave Brett a brisk nod, then looked at Emma and Chloe in turn. “We agreed to be here for each other, and that’s what I intend to do. I came all the way from Los Angeles to support my friend.” She pushed a stunned Brett aside, pulled open the door and strode to the foot of the stairs.
“Lianne Larsen,” she announced. “You can either come down or we’re coming up. It’s your choice.”
Lianne appeared at the top of the stairs, one hand on the banister. “Know what I love about you, Madison Bradlee?”
“Right now, probably nothing, but I can live with that. Get down here so I can give you a hug.”
The four friends clung together for several long moments, then Madison stood back and studied the ravaged face of her friend. “We know you’re hurting, and beyond this little scene we have no intention of intruding, but we need you to know that you only have to call if you need us.”
Lianne drew in a long, ragged breath of air. “It just doesn’t seem real, you know?”
Chloe nodded. “We’ll all be here for another couple of days if you need to talk.”
“Thank you for coming.” Lianne lifted her shoulders. “I don’t know what else to say.”
“You don’t need to say anything.” Emma spoke for the others as they retreated down the steps. “Call us if you need anything.”
Brett placed an arm around Lianne and together they watched as the women drove off.
“You’re lucky to have friends like that,” he said, almost to himself.
“I am,” she agreed, then pulled him into the house. “Let’s make a cup of tea. It’s time we talked about the trip to England.”
“We don’t have to do that now.”
“Yes, we do.” Lianne put on the kettle and stood for a moment, gathering her thoughts. “I have to be honest,” she said, turning back to face him. “I don’t want to go, but I want you to go.”
“No, Lianne.”
She held up a hand. “It wasn’t a suggestion, Brett.” She smiled to soften the words. “You told me before that we might be there for as much as six weeks. I want you to go over and get started, and if I feel up to it, I’ll come over later. I need to sort out Dad’s affairs and decide what to do about the ranch. Carlos can help me with that, but as you can see I have a lot to do before I can even think about traveling with you again.” She felt for her watch, but she wasn’t wearing one. “What was our departure date again?”
“We’d planned to leave next Friday. Nine days from today.”
“That works,” she said, her tone firm. “We’ll talk on the phone every day and I can keep you up to date on how things are going here.”
“I suppose so.” He gave her a sad smile. “But I’ve become used to having you with me. It won’t be the same, even though the customer has hired a local resident to assist us.”
“Not a woman, I hope.”
“No.” He looked up sharply. “Oh, you’re kidding.”
“Yes, I’m kidding.” She massaged his shoulders and he rolled his neck in appreciation. “This will work out, you’ll see.” She dropped a kiss on the top of his head, then went back to work on the tense muscles.
Chapter Seven
“I admire you, Miss Lianne. You know that.” Carlos shot a quick glance at Ramona as he spoke. Brett had been gone for almost three weeks and they were in the kitchen of the big house, where they’d been discussing the future of the ranch. “But I don’t think you need to make these decisions now. It’s too soon and I’d hate to see you do something you might regret later.”
Lianne understood how difficult it must have been for him to speak up. Carlos knew every square foot of the ranch, having lived and worked there for more than twenty years. On more than one occasion Lianne’s father had mentioned that Carlos knew more about day-to-day ranch operations than anyone else. Travis hadn’t hesitated to ask the foreman what he thought, but when it came to business decisions, Carlos never volunteered his opinion.
Lianne rose, walked over to the sink and rinsed out her coffee mug. “You’re probably right,” she said after a few moments. “I think maybe somewhere in the back of my mind I have the mistaken idea that if I know what the future holds, the hurt will go away.” She leaned against the kitchen counter and looked from Carlos to Ramona. “You both know that this is your home for as long as you want, no matter what I decide.”
Was that a flash of relief in Ramona’s eyes? Lianne hated to think that she had caused the woman a moment’s doubt. “I know this sounds corny, but you two are my family.” She swallowed. “Especially now.”
“Thank you Lianne. You’re like a daughter to us.” The couple was childless; Lianne had never asked why and Ramona had never volunteered the reason. “And you have a lot of loyal friends. I don’t know if I mentioned this to you, but when your school friends were here a few weeks ago, they left me a list with their personal numbers.” She gestured toward the old-fashioned wall-mounted telephone. “Their numbers are over there in case I need to contact them.”
Lianne glanced at the old cork bulletin board beside the phone. It had seen better days, but it had been there forever and she couldn’t bring herself to replace it. “Good to know,” she said, blinking back tears. “We made a pact a few years ago that we’d always be here for each other.”
“You’re lucky to have friends like that.”
“That’s what Brett said.” She turned to Carlos, who had been watching the exchange with interest. “And to get back to business, you’re right, my friend. We can make these decisions later.” She pulled out her cell phone and checked the time. “I’ll be at my place if you need me. It’s almost time for Brett to call.”

* * *

“I miss you,” he said. She could hear the yearning in his voice. “It’s not the same you know.”
A wave of longing crashed over her but she tried to sound upbeat. “Tell me again how beautiful Cornwall is.”
“It’s spectacular.” He paused a moment. “There’s a rugged beauty that doesn’t compare to anything we have at home. I really want us to see it together.”
“I do too.”
“Does that mean you’ll come over?”
“How much longer do you think you’ll be there?”
“Another three weeks at least. Possibly longer. Dolan is taking me up the coast tomorrow. There’s a spot I’m anxious to see.”
Lianne sighed. “You’re making me jealous.”
“Whatever it takes.”
She laughed. “Okay. I’ll let you know by the end of the week. But I still want you to call me every day. I live for these phone calls.”
“Hearing your voice every night before I go to sleep is what keeps me going. I love you, Lianne.”
“And I love you.” Her throat threatened to close up. “Goodnight Brett. Talk to you tomorrow.”
“Goodnight.”
Lianne dunked a teabag in a cup of boiling water and took the tea out to the front porch. Carlos was right… it was too soon to make any major decisions about the ranch. A trip to England would put things into perspective. She gazed into the sunset, a smile playing around her lips. She’d tell Brett of her decision tomorrow.

* * *

Lianne paced up and down the porch and pulled out her cell phone for what must have been the tenth time. No problem with satellites. What was keeping him?
She waited another ten minutes, and then called. Nothing.
“He must be out of range,” she muttered, remembering that he’d said something about a trip north with his local contact. It was the first day since Brett left that she hadn’t spoken to him and the lack of contact was unsettling.
“It’s nothing,” she told herself, trudging back into the house and turning on the television. “He’ll call soon.”
So why did she feel so uneasy?
Chapter Eight
Los Angeles
Madison’s ringtone woke her from a sound sleep. She’d been lounging by the apartment pool, dreaming about getting the call – the one every aspiring actress dreams of – informing her that she’d landed her first big role.
“Madison here.” She’d practiced those two simple words for hours, striving for just the right combination of busy actress and approachability.
“Miss Madison, this is Ramona.”
Madison sat up. “Who?”
“Ramona, from the Bar T.” The words tumbled out and Madison had a difficult time keeping up. “You left your phone number in case Miss Lianne needs you. Can you come now?”
“Well…” Madison struggled to her feet. A beach towel got tangled around her ankles and she had to grasp the back of the lounge to keep from falling. “Now?”
“Yes.” Ramona sounded close to tears. “I just got a call from England. Mister Brett has been killed in an accident and I don’t know how to tell Miss Lianne.”
Madison was glad she was holding on to something. “Brett? Killed?” There must be some mistake. “How?”
“They said something about a big wave. Can you come?”
Madison was trying to make sense of Ramona’s words. “Why didn’t they call Lianne?”
“The man from Brett’s company said something about not wanting to tell her over the phone. He seemed to know that I had your number, and said I should call you.”
Madison snatched up the towel and headed back to her apartment. “I can’t believe this,” she muttered, half to herself.
“I know.” Ramona sounded desperate. “Miss Lianne will fall apart when she hears the news.”
Madison wasn’t ready to deal with that quite yet. Someone had to tell Lianne, and in her mind she was the best one, but she’d rather do almost anything else in the world.
“You’ll come?”
Madison pulled herself together. “Yes, of course. It’s five o’clock here. What time does Brett usually call her?”
“Around four o’clock, I think. She’s probably already wondering what’s going on.”
“That can’t be helped.” Madison was in her bedroom now, tossing clothes onto her bed. “Here’s what I’d like you to do. Call Lianne’s doctor and tell her what happened.” She checked her watch. “Tell her I’ll be there by six tomorrow morning, and that Lianne will need something to help her deal with this. Can you ask her to come out to the ranch first thing in the morning?”
“Yes, Miss Madison.” Ramona’s voice was flooded with relief. “I knew you’d know what to do.”
“We’ll see,” said Madison, gathering up her cosmetics and tossing them in on top of her clothes. “We’ll see.”

* * *

Pale yellow light was chasing the last of the darkness from the sky when Madison turned off the main highway several miles west of Chance. Pockets of fog swirled in the low-lying areas, and she was reminded of a Samurai movie she’d seen just last week.
But this was no movie. She slowed the rental car at the road into the Bar T and wished she could turn back. The ranch house came into view and she parked in front, taking a few moments to gather her thoughts.
The housekeeper took a few tentative steps onto the porch, wiping her palms on her apron. Madison focused on those capable hands, and for some reason found herself thinking that she couldn’t remember ever seeing Ramona without an apron. She ran lightly up the stairs and gave the housekeeper a hug. “Thank you for calling me,” she said when Ramona finally released her. “Is there anything new?”
“They said we could call anytime so I decided to let you call them this morning. All they could tell me yesterday was that he was standing looking out over the ocean and was swept away by a rogue wave.” Ramona shook her head. “It just doesn’t seem real. Things like this don’t happen to people like us. This is something you see on the television.”
Madison looked in the direction of Lianne and Brett’s house. “Have you seen her this morning?”
“No, nothing. Are you going to go there now?”
“As soon as I phone.” She motioned toward the house. “You have their number?”
“Yes. Someone from his company’s head office in Monterey called. They left a number and said to call it any time, day or night.”
Madison spoke for several minutes, then slowly replaced the old phone in its receiver. “They’ve recovered Brett’s body,” she said, jotting some notes on a piece of paper. “The local police in Cornwall will conduct their investigation before releasing the body and then EnviroTech will call with the details.” She stared at the notes for a few moments. “I have no idea what this will do to Lianne. She’s a strong woman, but coming so soon after her father…”
Tears began to stream down the housekeeper’s face. “I know. That was bad enough but this…” she fell silent for a moment. “I called the doctor like you said, and she said she’d be here early this morning. Shall I send her over when she arrives?”
“Yes, please do that.” Madison threw back her shoulders. “Okay, here I go.”

* * *

Madison didn’t notice Lianne when she first drove up. The light had strengthened in the few minutes she’d spent at the big house, but her friend was almost invisible, bundled into an old quilt and tucked into the corner of the hanging swing. She rose when Madison got out of the car and shuffled to the top of the stairs, her movements stiff and un-coordinated.
“Madison?”
With that one word, Madison could tell that she knew. How, she had no idea, but Lianne started to tremble then took several steps backward until the backs of her knees caught against the swing and she fell into it, still clutching the quilt around her shoulders.
“No, Madison.” The plaintive words almost broke Madison’s heart, but she continued up the steps.
“Please, no.” Lianne’s eyes pleaded with her friend. “It’s Brett, isn’t it?”
Madison tried to speak but her mouth had forgotten how to form the words. She nodded.
“Is he…”
Madison sat down beside her friend. “I’m sorry, Li.”
“Is he…” She forced herself to continue. “He’s dead, isn’t he?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“He was caught by a rogue wave and swept out to sea.”
Lianne closed her eyes and her entire body seemed to deflate. “He didn’t call me yesterday,” she said, her voice flat, without emotion. “I’ve been sitting here all night, waiting.” A long, slow breath escaped her lips. “Even though my heart told me I’d never talk to him again.”
For what seemed like forever she sat with her head down, fingers tracing the intricate stitching on the quilt. When she finally looked up, her eyes held a faint glimmer of hope. “Could there be a mistake?” she asked, searching Madison’s face.
“No mistake.” Madison wanted to reach out, but Lianne was too quick; she’d tucked her hand beneath the quilt, drawing into herself.
“So they sent you.” She studied her long-time friend.
“Yes.” Madison didn’t know what to say, didn’t know how to deal with this person. At the very least Lianne should be crying… shouting… railing against the fates that had taken the man she loved.
“Thank you, Madison. This couldn’t have been easy.”
Madison had never felt so helpless in her life. Lianne was shattering in front of her eyes, distancing herself from a reality that was too difficult to bear.
She stood unsteadily, her eyes fixed on a distant horizon that only she could see. “I think I’ll go lie down now.” She released the quilt and it fell in soft folds at her feet. “Yes,” she repeated, “I think I’ll lie down.” At that moment, the sun crested the hills to the east and a small flight of ducks lifted off the river, winging their way swiftly westward.
“Brett likes to watch the ducks,” she said, a faint smile on her face. “He says…” Her brow furrowed and she gave her head a small shake. “What was I saying?”
Madison took her arm, half expecting to be rebuffed, but Lianne scarcely noticed. “You were saying you’re tired, and would like to lie down.”
“Right. Good idea.” Lost in a fog of grief, she walked slowly up the stairs, into her bedroom and lay down on her side.
Madison pulled up the blanket that was folded at the foot of the bed. “The doctor will be here soon,” she said, settling into a chair in a corner of the room. “She’ll give you something to help you sleep.”
Madison doubted that the words registered. Lianne was already in a world of her own, her body dealing with this latest tragedy in the only way it knew how.

* * *

“She was up all night?”
“Yes.” Madison liked the young, forthright doctor.
“I’ve given her a sedative, so she’ll probably sleep most of the day. You’re welcome to sit with her of course, but it’s not necessary.” They were walking back toward the big house. “Is there someone else you can call?”
“There are four of us,” she said, thinking ahead. “If necessary, we can probably take turns. I’ll call the other two now.”
The doctor handed her a card. “Call me if you need anything.”
“I will. Thanks for coming.”
The woman started for her car then paused and turned. “This reaction of Lianne’s that you described may seem frightening, but it isn’t unusual. People process their grief in different ways. She’ll come out of this, but it’s best to let her take that journey at her own speed.”
“Good to know. Thanks again.”

* * *

Madison contacted Emma at work that morning. It felt good to have someone else help with the decisions and the lawyer in Emma came to the fore. “How do you want to handle this?” she asked. “I can come right away, but perhaps in a couple of days would be better. That would give me time to reschedule appointments, and by then you might be ready to go back.”
“I wish I could say they’re pounding down my door with acting jobs, but that wouldn’t be true. I probably have the most free time right now.” Madison gave a wry smile even though Em couldn’t see her. “When Chloe gets back to me tonight I’ll call you and we can take it from there.”
“Fair enough. In the meantime, I’ll plan to come up the day after tomorrow.”
Madison gave in to Ramona’s insistence that she eat something, then went back to Lianne’s house and climbed the stairs. Her friend hadn’t moved, and she settled into the chair in the corner.

* * *

“Madison?”
Madison came awake instantly. “I’m here.”
“Oh.” There was a long pause and Madison wondered if Lianne had drifted off. “I was hoping it was a bad dream.” She rolled over and her breathing deepened again, signaling that she’d fallen back to sleep.
The next time Madison woke up, Lianne was sitting on the edge of the bed. Golden light leaked into the room between the curtains and she guessed that it was approaching dinner time.
“You’re awake,” Madison said, studying her friend.
Lianne nodded. “I’m hungry. How can that be? My world is falling apart and I’m hungry.” She knuckled back tears and turned to her friend. “You didn’t need to sit with me. Now you’re going to be stiff, sleeping in that chair.” She pushed herself upright and took a few tentative steps. “Give me a minute to change and brush my teeth, then let’s walk over to the big house and see if Ramona will make something to eat for us.”
Chapter Nine
Lianne started out slowly, then seemed to strengthen. She seemed disinclined to talk so Madison walked beside her, trying to keep up with her friend’s long strides. 
“I was awake for a while before you woke up,” Lianne said finally, sending a sideways glance at her friend. “This whole thing still seems unreal, but I can’t afford to fall apart.” Her lips twitched in an attempted smile. “I guess what I’m trying to say is don’t worry, I won’t flip out.”
Madison shrugged, but said nothing.
“I took over running the ranch when Dad died.” Lianne slowed for a moment and surveyed what could be seen of the property. “It’s a fairly big responsibility what with a dozen hands plus Carlos and Ramona. For a while after Dad died I considered selling, but I realized it was too soon to make a decision like that.” She sighed. “Something tells me I’m going to revisit that decision.”
Madison’s ring tone chimed. She dug out her cell and listened for a moment, nodding. “Lianne just woke up and we’re on our way over to the big house now.” She turned to Lianne and mouthed ‘Chloe’. “We’ll talk it over and I’ll call you. Yes, within the hour.”
“I take it she’s coming.” Lianne didn’t look at her friend.
“Yes. Emma, too.”
Lianne sighed. “I don’t suppose it would help if I told them I’d rather be alone?”
Madison acknowledged the question with an unlady-like snort.
“Thought so.”
“What can I say?” Madison scrambled to keep up. “Emma already cancelled her appointments.”
“It’s not your fault Mads.” Lianne shortened her long strides. “Besides, we might find it helpful to have some extra people around.” She stopped abruptly and turned to her friend. “Whatever happens over the next week or so, don’t let me second guess myself, okay?” She set out again.
Madison nodded. “No second-guessing. Check.” She tilted her head sideways. “What brought that up?”
“I have to inform Brett’s parents. Mary and Dan will wonder what took me so long to call them.”
“I see what you mean.” Madison’s delicate nostrils flared as they approached the back step. “What is that?”
“Smells like Ramona’s cheese biscuits, and I’ll bet she has some soup to go with them.” Lianne paused, one hand on the screen door that led into the kitchen. “It’s going to get busy around here, so let me say thanks now.”
Madison returned the smile. “Sort of like that scene in Pretty Woman where Julia Roberts thanks Richard Gere for the date before they leave.”
Lianne offered a wry grin at Madison’s attempt at levity. “Yeah,” she said. “Something like that.”

* * *

Lianne’s comment about having extra help turned out to be prophetic – Emma and Chloe stepped in immediately upon their arrival, settling into their roles with cool efficiency. Emma provided information and coordinated paperwork with EnviroTech, and Chloe handled the myriad details of the funeral and the reception after. Madison flitted around like a social butterfly but concealed beneath her charming smile was a steely determination to shelter Lianne from those gossips who would have been delighted to see her fall apart. For her part, Lianne managed to hide her fragile state and when it was all over she admitted that she wasn’t sure she could have survived without the help of her friends.
When the townspeople stopped buzzing and the last of the folding chairs were stacked at the church hall, the four friends settled on the front porch of the big house. Emma and Chloe were due to return to their jobs the next day and Maddie had promised Madge and Norm she’d stop by for a quick visit before her return to Los Angeles.
Ramona bustled out onto the porch with a large tray containing coffee and mini enchiladas, her special go-to finger food.
“I love these.” Now that her self-imposed duties were complete, Emma finally relaxed and took two of the savory treats. “Someday I’m going to get you to show me how to make them.”
Ramona flushed at the compliment. “Any time, Miss Emma.” She nudged a couple of napkins toward the young lawyer. “Miss Chloe says she’ll be right out but asked me to inquire if any of you want something to drink with your coffee. She said to tell you we have Drambuie, or Calvados.”
“Sounds wonderful, but not for me.” Maddie dabbed at her lips with a napkin. “I’d fall asleep right here.” She glanced at Lianne. “What about you? Need any help sleeping?”
“Not tonight.” She surprised herself by reaching for another enchilada. “Which brings me to something I’ve been thinking about for the past few nights. I’m going to move back in here.” She glanced through the gathering dusk in the direction of her home. “There are too many memories of Brett in that little house.” She tilted her head toward the inside of the ranch house. “And you’ve all seen the nice little office Dad set up in the dining room.” She shrugged. “It makes sense.”
“I had a feeling you’d decide that.” Chloe shouldered her way out the screen door carrying a tray of little quiches. “More finger food.” She took her place in the circle. “Did I miss anything?”
“Not really.” Lianne’s gaze drifted out over the gently rolling landscape. “I’ve decided I’ll take my time deciding what to do about the ranch. I love it here and it’s what I know but I think this time I’ll ask Carlos for his opinion as well.”
“Sounds like a good plan.” Chloe looked around the circle. “Tell me to butt out if you like, but what about legalities? Is everything taken care of in that department? I mean, Brett had a will, right?”
Lianne looked at Emma. “I asked Em to look over the paperwork for me, including a review of Dad’s estate. Nothing like having a lawyer in the group. Anyway, everything is copacetic. Brett may have been what some call a tree hugger, but those courses he took put a lot of emphasis on record keeping and that spilled over into his personal life. So to answer your question, yes, everything is fine there.”
“Good. Sorry to seem nosy, but I just wanted to know for sure before I go back.”
Lianne forced what she hoped was an enthusiastic smile. “Speaking of going back, how about an update from everyone? So far this week has been all about me.” She turned to Emma. “So did you make partner yet?”
Emma laughed. “You’re kidding, right? In these big firms you’ve got to be there years and years before you make partner. Anyway, in my case I don’t think they’d even consider me based on my current output. Estate planning isn’t high profile, but that’s fine with me. Less pressure to bill seventy hours a week.”
“They really do that?” Chloe’s face reflected her surprise. “I thought that was only in the movies. When do they ever get time for a personal life?”
“It can be difficult.” A blush crept into her cheeks. “I’ve been going out with a fellow in our firm for about six months now, and we have to plan our time together around his work.”
Lianne was content to sit back and let the others take over the conversation.
“So what’s he like?” Madison studied Emma over the rim of her coffee mug. “Is it serious?”
Emma’s blush deepened. “I think it could be.”
“Have your parents met him yet?”
“They came down to San Francisco a couple of weeks ago and we had dinner together.”
Madison rolled her eyes. “And did they approve?”
“They did, believe it or not. And Dan liked them.” Emma lowered her eyes. “Of course Dan is on the fast track to becoming partner and you know Mom and Dad. Only the best.”
“Then let them marry him,” Madison snapped, then regretted her words immediately. “Sorry, Em. None of my business.”
Emma raised both eyebrows. “Perhaps not, but I know what you mean.”
“Wouldn’t two lawyers in the same household make for a lot of tension?”
Emma thought for a moment. “I guess that depends on the lawyers. Dan’s in litigation, so we don’t compete. On the plus side, we both understand the pressures of the business. Call me optimistic, but I think we may have a future together.”
Emma’s enthusiasm sounded lukewarm to Lianne, but she kept her opinion to herself. “You’ll keep us informed?” she asked.
“Of course.” Emma turned to Chloe. “Your turn. How’s the nursing?”
Chloe set down her coffee mug. “It was a tough slog. I got my BSN degree about a year ago – nine months actually – and now that it’s over, I can see that I was wise to stick it out. The opportunities are almost endless.”
“You mentioned teaching before. Are you still thinking along those lines?”
“Possibly. Right now I’m in an administrative position at the hospital.” She offered a wry smile. “Still learning, which keeps it interesting.”
“What about that fellow you mentioned?” Madison asked. “That guy who was in the ATM business. Is he still around?”
“Trust you to remember that.” Lianne nudged her friend.
Madison rolled her eyes. “Come on, you guys. It’s not as if you weren’t all wondering.”
“Yes, he’s still around,” said Chloe, eager to keep the conversation on an even keel. “We’ve been dating since I graduated.”
“Was that the one with the possessive daughter? How old is she now, around sixteen?”
Chloe nodded. “Close. Her birthday is next week. Boyd is taking her to Maui.”
“Must be nice.” Madison gave her head a quick shake. “I suppose she still hates you.”
“Pretty much. The interesting thing is that Boyd’s also taking his ex and her boyfriend on the trip. Brenda doesn’t want anything to do with me, but she’s fine with her mother’s boyfriend. Go figure.”
Madison waved a dismissive hand. “Don’t let it get you down. I’ve heard lots of stories just like yours. It may take a while but if you and Boyd get together, someday she’ll see that you treated her father right and she’ll come around.”
“Think so?”
“Oh yeah. Trust me on this one.” Madison poured coffee for everyone. “And now for my news.” She paused dramatically. “I got a call this morning from my agent. I’ve been called back for a second audition for a new tv series. It’s a small part, but it’s ongoing.”
Lianne sat up straighter. “You didn’t tell us you’d had an audition.”
Madison gave a short, dry laugh. “There are lots of auditions. I don’t dare get excited about them.” Her eyes glowed. “But this one… I have a good feeling about this one.”
“Who’s the male character? I assume there is one…” Emma’s voice trailed off.
“Yes. It’s Troy Jackson and he plays a former detective who retired early and is always getting pulled into investigations. My part is secondary, but there are quite a few scenes with him.”
Lianne nodded slowly. “I’ve seen him in something, but I can’t remember what.”
“I remember,” said Chloe. “Wasn’t he in that drama about the rich family who did good deeds without anyone knowing?”
“Yes, that’s the one. What did you think?”
“I don’t watch much television, but from what I remember, he was pretty good. I’m excited for you, Mads.” Chloe looked around at the others. “You’ll keep us informed, right?”
“Definitely.” She swirled the remains of the coffee in her mug and drained it. “I’ve been waiting a long time for all my hard work to pay off. I sure hope this is it.”
Chapter Ten
Lianne wandered into the kitchen after waving goodbye to her friends.
“Are you okay, Miss Lianne?” Ramona’s dark eyes studied the young woman she’d known since she was a small child.
She waited a few beats before replying. “Surprisingly, yes.”
“You look tired, but that’s to be expected.”
Lianne leaned against the kitchen counter and gazed out the window. The land sloped gently toward the river and a corner of the stables was visible off to the left.
“What do you think of my idea to move in here?” she asked without turning around. 
“I think you should do what makes you feel comfortable. And it’s certainly practical. Besides, if it doesn’t feel right, you can always move back out there.”
Lianne turned. “Would you and Carlos like the house?”
Ramona didn’t miss a beat. “No, thank you. We love the little house your father built for us.” She wiped the surface of the table and her hand stilled. “It doesn’t seem possible, but that was twenty five years ago. We’re settled there and I have my roses.” She smiled indulgently at Lianne. “Thanks for the offer, but we’re happy where we are.”
“Fair enough. One more question though. What does Carlos think about the future of the ranch?”
Ramona paused, and her eyes took on a faraway look. “That husband of mine has an uncanny ability to keep his opinions to himself.” A faint smile tugged at her lips. “That is if he has one.”
“Do you think he’d tell me if I asked him?”
Ramona paused. “I’m not sure. Things are different now. But why are you worrying about this today? You need a good long rest before you make any decisions about the ranch.”

* * *

Ramona had been right, of course. In the year following Brett’s death, Lianne settled into a quiet but comfortable existence at the ranch. When Brett was home, evenings had been their favorite time together and those hours, when the sky faded from golden to bruised purple were the hardest to bear. She relived their last telephone conversation over and over, until one evening she couldn’t recall the sound of his voice. She’d known that would happen eventually, but knowing didn’t make it any easier. There were times when she felt as though she were standing in a doorway that led from her past into her future, but she was reluctant to step through.

* * *

Madison landed the part in the television series and was giddy with happiness. 
Emma and Dan married a few months after Emma returned to San Francisco. Lianne and the others attended the ceremony but weren’t afforded much opportunity to spend time with their friend. Between Emma’s parents and Dan’s family, the couple’s time was in demand.
Chloe finally accepted Boyd’s engagement ring but put off setting a date for the wedding. “He wants me to quit nursing,” she finally admitted to Lianne and Madison. “He thinks that the wife of someone in his position shouldn’t be working.”
“What position is that?” asked Maddie in her usual forthright manner.
“Gazillionaire.” Chloe frowned. “He has some old-fashioned notion that because he’s rich I should stay home and do nothing. I worked too hard for that degree.”
“Tell him to pull his head out.”
“Maddie!” said Lianne, then turned to Chloe. “Seriously, is it a deal breaker?”
Tears pooled in Chloe’s eyes. “I think so, and I don’t know what to do.”
Maddie’s expression gentled. “Do you love him?”
“Yes.” Chloe was torn. “Yes, I do.”
“Have you told him how you feel?”
“I’ve tried, but I don’t think he hears me.”
“Then tell him again,” Lianne and Maddie urged together. “If he really loves you, he’ll understand.”
Chloe smiled through her tears. “I sure hope so. Thanks, guys.”

* * *

Lianne had promised herself that she would wait a year before considering changes to the ranching set-up. Working with Carlos on an almost daily basis she observed that even though he ran the ranch with his usual efficiency, he moved a bit more slowly these days.
“How old are you Carlos?” she inquired one day when they were mucking out stalls.
Her foreman paused and leaned on his fork. “Sixty two. Why?”
“Well,” she said, somewhat tentatively. “I promised myself I’d wait a while before making any changes. That was a year and a half ago.” She spread fresh straw on the floor of the stall. “What do you think about selling off most of the cattle? My father said that if I ever sold the ranch, or any part of it, you were to get twenty percent of the proceeds. That would apply to the cattle as well. If we do that I’m hoping you would stay on to run the place, and of course your house will always be there for you.” She looked up to find him staring at her.
“I know this is a bit sudden, but at this point it’s just something I’ve been mulling over.”
He nodded, and dragged a bale of straw into the adjacent stall.
“Is something wrong?” She followed him into the stall. “Are you mad at me?”
“No. It’s just…” He was uncharacteristically at a loss for words. “It’s just that you took me by surprise. I need to think about it.”
“Okay, but I…”
He held up a hand. “Give me a day or so, okay?”

* * *

As part of her new routine, Lianne drank her first cup of coffee every morning sitting on the back steps of the big house. From there she could watch the sun burn the mist off the river, and hear the horses nickering in the stables.
Carlos found her there a few mornings later and sat beside her, elbows on his knees.
“Your father was a good man,” he said quietly.
“Yes, he was.”
“Do you think he’d approve of selling off most of the cattle?” He turned and watched her carefully.
Lianne took a deep breath. “I think he would expect us to do what’s right for us.” She paused for a moment. “But to answer your question, yes, I think he would approve.”
“I think so too, and I like the idea.” He made a vague gesture. “I can manage a few cattle by myself, but I don’t mind admitting that it will be a relief not to have to supervise hands.” He shot a quick glance in her direction. “The men are good, but there’s always something.”
Lianne nodded. Carlos rarely complained, but she knew that with single, independent men on the property there was always the possibility of conflict.
He continued, somewhat tentatively. “I suppose you could lease out the unused land. Our grazing is some of the best around.”
“I’ve thought about that,” she said, “but I don’t think so. I like the idea of letting the land revert to its natural state. I know that will take time, but we don’t need the income… or the hassle of having someone else’s livestock on our land.”
“What will you do with the bunkhouse?”
“I don’t know.” She looked off to the east. “I haven’t been inside that building for over ten years. What’s it like? I mean what condition is it in?”
Carlos shrugged. “It could probably use a new roof, not to mention a fresh coat of paint inside and out. If nothing else, painting will help to preserve it.”
“Remind me to check it out when the time comes. Do you have a line on someone we can get to make repairs?”
“There are a couple of people in town who’d be glad of the work.” Carlos stood up. “In the meantime, there’s a big cattle sale coming up in about a month. I’ll give the men their notice today, and hope that enough of them stick around to help with the roundup. If not, our neighbors will give us a hand.”

* * *

 “That worked out well,” said Lianne as the last ranch hand climbed into his pickup and drove off. She turned to Carlos. “They all got other jobs?”
Carlos nodded. “They’re all good hands. They had no trouble getting hired on.”
“Good.” She surveyed the bunk house. “I guess now’s as good a time as any to take a look inside.”
As ranch accommodations went, the bunkhouse was on the upper end of the scale. The ten individual bedrooms were well appointed, but Lianne could see that the furnishings had taken a beating over the years. The common area, which comprised the kitchen and a large adjacent open space had been recently updated.
“I liked your idea of a fresh paint job,” she said. “Let’s do that. And while we’re at it, let’s get rid of all the furniture in the bedrooms. I’ll re-furnish half a dozen or so and order what we need from one of our local stores.” She wandered out onto the large deck that extended from the common area and looked up at the oaks that shaded the building. “It’s nice out here with these trees.”
“Your father planted those about twenty years ago.”
Lianne took a second look. “Really? I didn’t know that.”
“You’re a lot like him, you know. He wanted the best for everyone around him.”
Lianne’s heart swelled with pride. “Thank you, Carlos. That means a lot.”
A brusque nod was all she got in return; the foreman was not given to emotional outbursts. Nonetheless she was touched, and looked forward to sprucing up the old building.
Chapter Eleven
“You’re sure you want to get rid of all this furniture?” Ben Hayward, the town’s go-to handyman, had volunteered to come out and check on the job.
“I’m sure.” Lianne stood back while Ben and his son placed the contents of one bedroom in the back of his truck. Viewed in the daylight, the nicks and scratches were even more evident, confirming her decision to replace it all.
“I feel I should be up front with you and tell you I’ll try to sell it,” he said. “There’s a big flea market on the outskirts of Cranston once a month. I should almost pay you.”
“No.” Lianne smiled. “A deal’s a deal.” It felt good to bring the old building back to life and the sooner the furniture was gone, the better.
“Okay, then.” Ben paused. “I overheard you and Carlos talking about paint colors. Have you hired anyone to do that?”
“Carlos knows someone but it turned out he’s not available. Are you interested?”
Ben glanced at his son Ronnie. “Ronnie and I just finished a job for Al Wright last week. My wife Gina worked with us as well.” He jotted something on the back of a card and handed it to her. “Here’s Al’s number if you’d like a reference, then call me if you’d like a quote.”
Lianne wandered through the empty rooms, eager to get started. She had chosen a soft cream color for the bedroom walls, complemented by trim the color of a blood orange. Each room was large enough for a queen bed, a bedside table, a small desk and a wardrobe. She had found quilts with a bold California Poppy design – the state flower – and on the floor, soft green carpeting invited the occupant to kick off their shoes and indulge their senses.

* * *

“Thanks for giving us the work.” Gina Hayward arrived with her husband and son for their first day of work. She’d come to the back door of the big house to introduce herself.
Lianne greeted her warmly. The family had moved to town some time during the past ten years and she didn’t know them personally but their references had been glowing. “You’re welcome,” she said. “Make sure to let me know if you need anything.”
“I might ask you for some drinking water later.” Gina’s gaze landed on the stack of quilts that had just arrived. “Those are lovely. Are they for the bunkhouse?”
“Yes,” said Lianne, eager for another opinion. “Do you like them?”
“They’re beautiful.” She smiled her approval. “I love the California Poppies.” She hesitated a moment, then decided to speak. “This is none of my business, but are you getting the bunkhouse ready for the movie people?”
Lianne had heard about the movie being shot in town, but hadn’t paid much attention. “No, why?”
“Well…” Gina blushed. “It’s just that I hear they’re looking for accommodations for quite a few people and between you and me, when your building is finished it would be much better than that motel on the east side of town.”
“Don’t they usually bring their own trailers?”
“Not for everyone.” She paused. “When was the last time you were in town?
Lianne tried to remember. “It’s been a few weeks. Ramona does most of the shopping.”
“The construction crews started last week. You know, with the false storefronts. It’s really going to look authentic when they’ve finished. You should check it out. Everybody’s excited about Zach Crawford being here. It’s the biggest thing that’s happened to Chance since we moved here, that’s for sure.”
Gina’s enthusiasm made Lianne smile. “I will. Sounds interesting.”
“I’d better go and get to work.” She paused with her hand on the door. “A friend of mine is in charge of accommodations. Actually, he’s a friend of my brother. I forget what his title is, but that’s why I know they’re still looking. Should I give him your name?”
Lianne placed a hand on the pile of quilts. “I don’t know. We had to carry special insurance when the ranch hands stayed there but I’ve cancelled it now.”
“I’m fairly sure they’d give you a waiver on any liability issues, but that would definitely be something to take up with them. His name is Luke in case you run into him. Luke Maxwell.” She glanced at her watch. “I’d better get going. The boys will wonder what happened to me.”

* * *

The downtown area had come alive with the arrival of the film construction crew. Lianne wandered down Main Street on the side across from the hotel, trying to visualize how it would look when the transformation was complete. Swinging saloon doors had already been installed and she noted some intricate scrollwork pieces ready to be mounted. She could almost taste the excitement in the air and for the first time in over a year she found herself interested in something other than the ranch.
A couple of doors down from the hairdressing salon an old bench listed against the wall. She sat down gingerly, grateful for the shade.
“Exciting, huh?” She looked up to see Gabrielle the hairdresser.
Lianne nodded. “Hi Gabby. I’d heard that they started on the construction. This is impressive.”
“I mean, look at it.” Gabby gestured across the street. “It looks like a real Wild West town. Do you think they’ll let us watch the filming?” She sat down and lowered her voice. “They’re going to pay me for loss of business while they film. Just seeing Zach Crawford would be payment enough, but hey, I won’t complain.” She nudged Lianne. “See that fellow who just came out of the hotel. That’s Luke Maxwell. He’s –“
Lianne’s ring tone sounded and she pulled out her cell. “Lianne Larsen.”
“Mrs. Larsen this is Luke Maxwell. Gina Hayward said you might have some accommodations I can rent for crew members. I’m not looking for anything fancy, but she seemed to think that you have something on your property that would be suitable.”
“Mr. Maxwell. I’m right across the street sitting on a bench.” He looked up and she waved. “I’ll come over to you.” She stood up. “Might as well hear what he has to say,” she said, half to herself and half to an open-mouthed Gabby.

* * *

“This is gorgeous.” Luke Maxwell stood with Lianne on the large deck of the bunkhouse. “I’d love to stay here myself, but unfortunately…” He gazed up into the oak tree that spread over the edge of the deck, and seemed to be thinking.
“Can you furnish the rest of the rooms in time?” he asked, lifting the lid on a large barbecue that was tucked into the corner of the deck.
“What’s your time frame?”
Luke opened a leather folder and flipped through a few pages. “Two weeks from tomorrow. I’ll pay you a thousand dollars a day for all ten units and I’ll hire someone to do the cleaning. The rental would be for a minimum of three weeks and I’ll fax you a standard liability waiver.”
Lianne gave a slight shrug. “I’ve never done this before, but it sounds good to me. I’ll have a lawyer friend look over the waiver, but I’m sure it will be fine.”
Luke’s eyes flashed his approval. “Good.” He took one more look into the comfortable common room. “Now if I could just find something suitable for the talent. Particularly Crawford.” He paused, his gaze drifting toward the stables. “He loves to ride but doesn’t get much of a chance. The thing is, he’s not fussy like some of the people I deal with, but he hates being cooped up in a trailer, no matter how tricked out it is.” He offered a wry smile. “Sorry… didn’t mean to burden you with this.”
“What are you looking for? I might have something.” Lianne couldn’t believe the words that came out of her mouth, but it was too late to take them back.
“Zach likes to be quiet.” He made a sweeping gesture around the deck. “If I could find him something like this on a smaller scale I’d have one happy movie star on my hands. As a matter of fact knowing him he’d love to stay here with the crew but his agent wouldn’t allow that. We call her the barracuda behind her back.”
Lianne couldn’t believe what she was about to suggest. She hadn’t returned to the home she’d shared with Brett since the day she moved to the big house. She leaned over the railing and pointed to the west. “I have a self-contained two bedroom home about half a mile in that direction.” Her voice shook. “It’s where my husband and I lived and I haven’t been there in a long time, but my housekeeper checks on it every week. Does that sound suitable?”
“Are you kidding?” He stopped abruptly as he became aware of her trembling. “I’m sorry if I seem insensitive. Would you rather not show it to me?”
Lianne took a deep breath. “No, it’s time I did this.” She motioned to a golf cart and he climbed into the passenger seat.
“My husband was killed in an accident a couple of years ago.” She stared straight ahead. “It’s time I stopped avoiding things that remind me of him.”
“Listen,” he said. “If it’s too…”
She shook her head and forced a smile. “No,” she said. “It’s okay.”

* * *

“This is perfect.” They stood on the front porch. Luke had made a quick check of the premises but she could tell that he liked the house from the moment they drove up. He gave the swing a gentle push and watched for a moment, gathering his thoughts. “Would your housekeeper consider coming in on a daily basis while Zach is here? I’d pay her a hundred dollars a day.”
“I don’t know. I’ll ask her.”
“Thanks. I hear he’s not messy and not at all demanding. As a matter of fact unlike most of the stars I work with, I’ve heard nothing but good reports.”
Lianne nodded. “I’ll see what she says and let you know.” She put a hand out and stilled the gentle rocking of the swing. The sight of it brought back too many memories.
“Can I ask you something?”
His brows narrowed. “Okay.”
“What’s the movie about?”
He laughed and relaxed. “I thought you were going to ask to be an extra.”
“That comes later.”
His head whipped around and then he smiled. “Oh. You’re kidding.”
“Yes.”
“Okay. So, the storyline… let’s see. The movie takes place shortly after the gold rush years. In the movie, Zach’s character’s mother was from Mexico and grew up in Hope. Oh, by the way, that’s the name of the town in the movie. When gold is discovered, bad guys try to take over the town, so Zach’s character comes back to defend the townspeople.” He smiled to himself. “It’s a corny plot and has been done in one form or another a dozen times, but people love it. Of course with Zach as the lead, it’s bound to be a success.”
Lianne watched his face come alive when he spoke of the plot. “You sound as if you’d rather be on the creative side of things.”
He gave her a sharp look, then exhaled slowly. “Does it show?” He followed her down the steps to the golf cart, climbed in and for a moment he was somewhere else. “I’ve always wanted to be a writer. A screenwriter to be precise but nothing I’ve submitted has been picked up.” A fleeting smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. “Between you and I, this gig pays better and at least the work is steady.”
“I have a feeling you’re also good at what you do.” She glanced at his folder. “It takes a certain skill set to keep everything coordinated.”
He acknowledged her compliment with a small incline of his head. “I’m never out of work long between productions so I guess you’re right. And in the meantime, I still keep trying.”
“I admire that.” She started the cart and they were silent for the ride back to the big house.
Luke jumped out, took one last look at the bunkhouse and then offered his hand. “Thanks again Mrs. Larsen.”
“Please call me Lianne.”
He nodded. “Okay, Lianne. I’ll call you in a week to reconfirm, but everything’s on schedule in town so the crew will be arriving in two weeks and Zach will be here a couple of days later. They’ll all be here before we know it.”

* * *

Gina arrived at the ranch the day before the crew was scheduled to arrive.
“I’ve been hired as the housekeeper for the bunkhouse,” she announced shyly. “I came to see if there’s anything I can do.”
Lianne was pleased to see the young woman. “Let’s walk over together,” she said. “I’d be glad to have someone else look it over and tell me if I’ve missed anything.”
“It looks amazing.” Gina had brought a short checklist and ticked off the last item with a flourish. “I see you bought a new barbecue for the deck. I have a feeling it’ll get a lot of use, so I’ll keep a good supply of charcoal on hand.” She made a note. “Are you excited?”
“Not really.” Lianne had only been to town once in the intervening two weeks, but had been surprised to see that the initial enthusiasm hadn’t lessened. If anything, it had increased now that the crew was about to arrive, signaling the start of shooting.
“People in town are buzzing about Zach Crawford staying out here. They’re all jealous.”
Lianne shook her head. “I don’t imagine I’ll see much of him. Luke says he’s in almost every scene.”
“I guess I’m being silly.” Gina blushed. “But I hope to get a glimpse of him in person.”
“Oh, I’m sure you will.” Lianne accompanied the other woman back to her car. “He’s supposed to be here for a month.”
Chapter Twelve
Zach Crawford cracked open a beer and took a long cold swallow. Exhausted but in a good way, he stood on the front porch of the rental home and looked out over the gently rolling countryside.
He’d driven right through from Los Angeles. His agent had tried to talk him out of it, but he was fed up with the way she tried to run every aspect of his life. He’d come perilously close to raising his voice – something that went against his principles. In Los Angeles there was always a cluster of people following him around and it was damned annoying. He’d promised himself some quiet time on this shoot and intended to get just that.
What was the name of the movie again? He glanced at the script he’d tossed on the swing. Oh yes, The Argonauts. Not exactly original, but then neither was the script. This would be his third film in a row; no wonder he was tired, but he’d been around long enough to know that offers could dry up faster than rain in the desert, and he intended to accept every decent offer that came his way. His goal was to save enough money, buy a small working ranch and retire early. To achieve that he was willing to work hard. Just thinking about it now gave him a thrill of anticipation. 
A couple of years ago he’d shared his vision for the future with the woman he was dating at the time. She’d moved on faster than the roadrunner of cartoon fame… minus the ‘beep beep’ of course. Just as well he supposed; his mother wouldn’t have liked her.
Zach sauntered back into the house for another beer. He’d never stayed in a private home before and had almost refused the offer, but looking around now he was glad he’d agreed. It was exactly what he needed. He’d decided to indulge himself with some cooking while he was here and the fridge was well stocked with the items he’d requested. But cooking could wait for another day he thought, grabbing another cold one and heading back out to the porch where he folded his lanky frame onto the swing and pushed off with one foot. Yes, this house was going to suit him just fine.
The town was fairly small and on arrival he’d had no trouble finding Luke at the busy production office on a side street. They hadn’t met before, but the man had a good reputation and Zach could see why. Quietly efficient, he handled several questions before beckoning Zach to follow him in his car.
Zach rolled down his window and took a deep breath as they drove through the gates of the Bar T. The setting sun was at his back and ahead the landscape was bathed in that unearthly orange glow that precedes dusk. He was probably imagining it, but he thought he felt his pulse slow down. “Someday,” he said to himself, trying to take it all in. “Someday I’ll have a place like this.” 
Ramona had introduced herself with a reserved smile, but he’d taken note of her hands fisted in her apron. Zach pretended to swoon when she showed him the plate of tamales she’d made to welcome him, and by the time she’d shown him around the house and checked to see how often he wanted her to clean, she was relaxed and laughing.
Luke watched the departing woman and turned back to Zach. “You sure put her at ease.”
Zach’s voice softened. “She reminds me of my mother.”
Luke raised an eyebrow.
“My mother was from Puerto Rico. She died six years ago, right before I got my first big role.” His eyes took on a faraway look. “She was very much like Ramona. Shy, tough and yet extremely competent. I miss her a lot and it just comes naturally to treat women of that age the way I’d have treated my mother.”
Luke nodded. “More people should be like that.”
Zach shook himself, somewhat like a dog coming out of water. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to dump all that on you.” He offered an embarrassed smile. “It must be the country air or something.”
“No problem, man.” Luke ran lightly down the front steps then paused to look back. “Enjoy the house.”
“I will. Thanks.”
Chapter Thirteen
Lianne was saddling her horse when her cell phone rang. Zora rolled his eyes and danced sideways at the sound. “Don’t be such a drama queen,” she said good naturedly, resting a hand lightly on his shoulder as she pulled out the phone.
“Lianne? It’s Luke Maxwell.”
It took a moment to place him. She hadn’t seen Luke since he’d been out to confirm the accommodations.
“Hi Luke. Is everything all right?”
“Yes, fine.” He paused for a moment. “Listen Lianne, I know this is a real imposition, but by any chance is there room on your property for one more person? Our hair and makeup tech is suddenly without a place to stay.”
She thought quickly. “I haven’t checked the bunkhouse, but I think all of those rooms are occupied. And of course Zach is in the little house, so no, not really.”
“I was afraid you’d say that. You see, the production company sent their trailer for Jade to use. She was also going to bunk in there, but the trailer was in an accident en route and can’t be fixed.”
“And Jade is the one who does your hair and makeup. Is she all right?”
“She’s fine, thank goodness. She was driving her own vehicle and had her supplies with her. I’ve rented the empty space downtown next to the hairdressing salon and she’s going to work out of there, but I don’t have anywhere for her to stay.”
“Well…” Lianne made a quick decision. “I have three empty bedrooms here in the big house if you think that would suit her. It would have to be accommodations only though. I can’t ask my housekeeper to feed her.”
Luke let out a sigh of relief. “Not a problem. Craft Services always provides lots of food. I really appreciate this, Lianne.”
Lianne checked her watch. “When will she be here? I was just going out for a ride.”
“Just a sec, I’m with her now.” Luke held a muted conversation, then was back. “She’s setting up in the empty storefront as we speak, and doesn’t think she’ll be finished much before five. Can she arrive about six?”
“That’s fine. Tell her I’ll see her then.”
“Okay and thanks, Lianne. Thanks a lot.”

* * *

Lianne was waiting on the front porch when Jade drove up around six. She’d tried to put herself in the makeup artist’s place and decided that she would feel uncomfortable being asked to stay in a room in a stranger’s house, and so was determined to make the other woman feel welcome.
She rose from her chair and walked a few steps to the top of the stairs. “Welcome to the Bar T,” she said with a smile. “You must be Jade.”
The makeup artist was younger than she’d imagined. A shy smile lit her eyes as she ran lightly up the stairs and offered her hand.
“Thanks so much for putting me up,” she said, sending a longing look in the direction of the comfortable chairs on the porch. “For a while there I wasn’t sure where I’d be spending the night.”
If Jade had any makeup on, Lianne couldn’t detect it. The young woman had a unique, natural beauty; Lianne could imagine her as one of those pioneer women in the movies.
Lianne motioned to the chairs. “Would you like to sit? I’m having a glass of wine.”
Jade noticed the extra glass and nodded. “That would be wonderful. It’s been a long day.”
As Jade settled in, a pang of loneliness caught Lianne by surprise. Why now when she had company she didn’t know, but she made a silent promise to herself to try to be more sociable in the future.
“Luke said you were setting up in the storefront next to the hairdressing salon.”
Jade took a sip of wine, then set the glass down carefully on the side table. “Yes, it’s going to work out well, I think. Did you know that all of the retail spaces in that building can be connected?”
“I’d never noticed.”
“Whoever built the building showed a lot of foresight. According to Gabrielle, the walls are designed so an eight foot gap can be opened up between each unit to make connecting stores.” She reached for her glass and stared into the pale yellow wine. “My Dad would appreciate that. He’s a contractor.” She took a sip of wine. “This tastes good.”
“It’s nice to have someone to share it with.”  Lianne hoped she didn’t sound too pitiful, but it was true. “I keep to myself out here.”
Jade turned and studied her. “Is it hard, running a ranch on your own?”
It was Lianne’s turn to study her wine. “It all happened so quickly I didn’t have much choice, but I can’t take credit for running it on my own. I’m not sure what I would have done without Carlos. He’s the ranch foreman.” She took a deep breath. “A few months ago we decided to sell off the cattle, so the pressure’s off. That’s why the bunkhouse is free.”
Jade looked puzzled. “So those cows I saw on the way in aren’t yours?”
“Oh yes. Those are ours. We kept a few to maintain our farm status.” She reached for the bottle and poured more wine. “Selling the cattle wasn’t as difficult a decision as I’d once thought it would be. You see, my father and my husband died within about a month of each other. That was just over two years ago.” She gave her head a quick shake. “Some days it seems like yesterday, and then other days it seems as though it happened in a different lifetime.”
Jade’s hand stilled, her glass halfway to her mouth. “Wow. I can’t imagine.”
“I hope you never have to.”
Jade took a drink and then cradled the glass in her hands. Neither spoke, but the silence was comfortable.
Jade was the first to speak. “So I heard from some of the crew that Zach Crawford is staying out here.”
Lianne made a vague motion to the west. “Yes, he’s in the house my dad built for my husband and I. Luke said he needed some alone time.”
“What’s he like?”
Lianne gave her a puzzled look. “I don’t know. I haven’t met him.”
The makeup artist laughed. “You’re kidding.” She held up a hand. “I know you’re not kidding but Zach Crawford is all anyone is talking about and you haven’t even made an effort to meet him. You’re going to lose your girlie card if you’re not careful.”
Lianne couldn’t help but smile. “I hear he’s very nice if that helps. Oh, and I think my housekeeper Ramona is a little bit in love with him. She says he could be the son she never had.” Dusk had fallen while they were talking but she could still see Jade’s eyes. “You’ll meet him soon enough, I suppose. Are you nervous?”
“Nah.” Jade stuck a finger in her wine and licked it. “Maybe a little.”
Lianne grinned. “I’ll expect a full report.”
Jade saluted with her glass. “Yes, ma’am.”

* * *

As the weeks went by the two women shared a glass of wine most nights. Lianne found herself eagerly awaiting the daily gossip from the set, and the two women discovered that their shared values made for some interesting conversations. Jade revealed that she’d grown up in Glendale and had never had a serious boyfriend. Over several evenings, Lianne told of growing up without a mother, of her love for her father, and the emotional shutdown she’d experienced after Brett’s death.
“What made it so difficult,” she said, not trying to hide the tears that sprang to her eyes, “is that I was just a few days from going over there… to be with Brett. He spent most of his time on the west coast of Cornwall and while he was there he called me every night. When he described what it was like, I knew I had to go.” She paused and gazed off into the distance. “I still think about going… all the time. My parents had been to Looe, and they loved it.”
“Looe?”
“It’s the name of a small town on the east side. I’ve looked it up online and it has lots of tourist amenities and it’s right on the ocean…” Her voice trailed off.
“At the risk of being a buttinsky, why don’t you go?”
Lianne looked at her for a moment then lowered her gaze. “For a moment there you reminded me of my friend Madison. She’s a take no prisoners kind of gal.”
“I hope that’s a compliment.” Jade frowned. “I wouldn’t want to overstep the bounds of our friendship.”
Lianne gave the younger woman a reassuring smile. “Not to worry. I was thinking that you’re right. I should go and see Cornwall for myself. It might help me to move on with my life.”
Chapter Fourteen
Lianne’s eyes lit up when she checked her phone and saw who was calling. Madison’s first series had folded after ten episodes, but she hadn’t been out of work for long. She was currently hard at work on a new, high-profile series.
“Hi Mads. I was just talking about you the other day.”
“All good, I hope.”
“Of course. How are things going on the new series? Wait, don’t tell me. They’re expanding your part.”
There was a moment’s silence. “Not exactly.”
“Maddie what is it? You sound… odd.”
“Promise you won’t be mad at me, Li.”
Lianne’s voice rose, she couldn’t help it. “Madison, stop beating around the bush and tell me what’s going on.”
“I got married.”
“What?”
“You heard me. I got married.”
“Married? How could you get married without your best friends? Maddie, this isn’t like you. Wait… who is it?”
“I’m sorry, Li. Really I am, but Gardner’s schedule is so tight and he wanted a quiet wedding, so we did it this past weekend.”
“Gardner Waverly? The lead actor in the series?”
“Yes. Hold on, would you?” She came back a moment later. “Gardner asks you to forgive him; he knows how important our friendship is.”
Any number of sarcastic remarks came to mind but Lianne held her tongue. “Are you happy, Mads? You sound… different.”
Her friend’s laugh was edgy. “Of course I’m happy. I’m just nervous about telling you, that’s all. Gardner insisted I call you before you hear about it online or something.”
Lianne didn’t have the heart to admit that she wasn’t exactly an avid follower of Hollywood celebrities. “That was nice of him,” she said, not caring that her words were less than enthusiastic. “And now that I have you on the line, I have some news of my own. You heard about the film they’re shooting here, right?”
“Of course. Madge and Norm send me constant updates by e-mail. How’s it going?”
“Fine, but my news isn’t about the movie. I’ve decided to go to Cornwall on a holiday.”
“By yourself? Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“It’s a great idea.  I’d be there now if I didn’t have Zach Crawford and a bunch of the crew staying here.”
“You have people staying at the ranch? Where?”
“All over. Mainly the bunkhouse, and Zach is in the little house. Principal photography will wrap in a little over a week and I leave right after that.”
“How long will you be gone?”
“I’m not sure. I’m leaving it open-ended, but I think at least a month. I want to get a good feel for the place.”
“Li, I don’t know how to put this…” For perhaps the first time in her adult life, Madison struggled to find the right words. “Are you going to go… you know…”
“You mean am I going to go to the spot where Brett died?”
“Yes.” She let a few beats pass. “Well are you?”
“No, Mads. That’s not the purpose of this trip. This is something I’ve wanted to do for a while now. Trust me, I’ll be fine.”
“Well okay I guess.”
Lianne laughed. “You know I love you, but I’m not asking for your permission.”
“All right, but be careful, okay? And promise me you’ll keep in touch while you’re there.”
“I will.” Guilt swept over Lianne at the turn the conversation had taken. Madison had phoned to report on her marriage, and she’d hijacked the conversation. She consciously softened her tone. “So tell me, how was the honeymoon?”
“Honeymoon? We haven’t had time for that, but soon.” Lianne could hear Gardner’s voice in the background. “Gardner says the official honeymoon will have to wait until we have three more episodes in the can.”
“But are you happy? That’s what matters.”
“Yes, of course I am.”
The words sounded a little forced, but Lianne was determined to accept them at face value. “Then that’s all that matters. I’m delighted for you Mads.”
“Thanks. Talk soon.”
Lianne stared at the phone for several long moments after she disconnected. Madison had always had the ability to surprise, but this marriage was so far out of character Lianne didn’t know what to think. She’d known Madison since they were about ten and in those years Madison had developed an uncanny ability to make herself the center of attention. Her desire to be in the spotlight was viewed with mild amusement by her friends. Maddie was bright, outspoken and fiercely loyal. These traits were part of her nature and Lianne had never resented her friend’s need for recognition.
Which made this quick marriage even more surprising. What had Maddie said? Something about Gardner’s schedule being tight, and wanting a quiet wedding. She’d seen pictures of Gardner Waverly and if asked to describe him, she would have said elegant. In every photograph, he was impeccably styled, and along with Madison’s petite, fresh beauty, they would make an attractive couple. She had no doubt the paparazzi would catch up to them soon enough.
Of course marrying a high profile actor wouldn’t hurt Madison’s career, but Lianne knew that hadn’t played into her friend’s decision to marry. Instinct told her that there was something else at work here, and she hoped that her friend wouldn’t be hurt. She picked up her phone and smiled at the saucy look on her friend’s face. Lianne spoke to it as though Madison was in the room. “I’ll see you when I get back from Cornwall,” she said. “That’s a promise.”
Chapter Fifteen
“I’m going to miss this.” Jade had brought a bottle of California Chardonnay for their last evening together. She held out her glass and Lianne met her halfway, resulting in a satisfying ‘clink’.
Lianne took a sip and nodded her approval. “Nice wine.” Settling back in her chair she openly appraised the other woman. “You’ve changed since you arrived. I’m not exactly sure what it is, but you seem more comfortable in your skin.”
Jade nodded slowly. “I am. I’ve enjoyed this location shoot more than any I’ve been on, and I think it has to do with your town.” She shot a quick glance at Lianne. “The people here have been so welcoming, know what I mean?”
Lianne lifted her shoulders “At this point you probably know them better than I do but yes, they’re good people. I’ve basically shut myself away here since Brett died.” The last rays of the sun filtered through the trees, sending long fingers of shadow across the yard. “And yet in three days I’ll be leaving for Cornwall. Doesn’t seem possible.”
“Are you nervous?”
Lianne pondered the question for a moment. “Not really. More like excited.”
“I’d be excited too. All except for driving on the left. I’m not sure I could do that.”
“Yes, well I’ve splurged and I’m having someone meet me at Heathrow and drive me to Looe. I hear that parking is at a premium, so if I want to rent a car later to do some exploring on my own, I’m sure I can find something locally.”
“It’ll be like in the movies. A man in a chauffeur’s uniform holding up a sign with your name on it.”
Lianne smiled. “Something like that. And while I’m getting settled over there, you’ll be hard at work in Los Angeles.”
“Don’t remind me. Back to the smog and three more weeks on the current project.”
“And then?”
Jade glanced at her phone on the table beside her. “I’ve had a couple of offers but I haven’t responded. I’d better do that in the next couple of days so I don’t get a bad rep. The thing is, I could do with some time off. Oh, and before I forget, I want to thank you again for letting me stay here.” Male laughter floated on the night air. “That’s the guys in the bunkhouse. They’re having a farewell barbecue tonight and they’ve asked me to stop by. Can’t very well say no. In this business it’s all about contacts, but I’d go anyway ‘cause the crew on this shoot is especially nice. Would you like to come over?”
“No, but thanks for the offer.” Lianne’s gaze drifted into the house. “I haven’t even started packing yet.”
Jade rose. “Then come here and give me a hug. I hope to hear all about Cornwall someday.”
The two women embraced and Lianne’s eyes were misty when they pulled apart. “You’ll hear about it. I have a feeling this friendship is just starting. Good luck to you, Jade.”
The makeup artist ran lightly down the stairs and into the gathering dusk. Lianne might have imagined it, but at one point she thought Jade paused and raised a hand in a silent farewell. She went into the house to start packing.
Chapter Sixteen
“Good morning Mrs. Larsen.” The young man lowered the sign as Lianne approached him. “My name is Ronald. May I help you with those?” He indicated her bags.
“Perhaps just the big one.” Lianne passed him the handle. “Thank you Ronald.”
“If you’ll follow me, the car is close.” He threaded his way through the passengers streaming out of the terminal, led her to a modern sedan and opened the rear door.
“How was your flight?”
Lianne offered a weak smile. “Tiring. I’m glad to be here.” She slid into the back seat.
Ronald stowed her bags, then settled into the driver’s seat. “The drive will take around four and a half hours. Please let me know if you’d like to stop along the way to stretch your legs, or perhaps get a cup of tea.”
“Thanks.” She took note of the overcast sky. “Is it going to rain today?”
“Hard to tell ma’am, but I checked just before you arrived and it was sunny in Cornwall.”
Lianne smiled. “Then by all means, let’s go to Cornwall.”

* * *

Lianne woke with a start. She hadn’t planned to sleep on the way and it took a moment for her to orient herself.
“Where are we?” she asked, her voice groggy. They seemed to be on a narrow road with hedgerows crowding in on both sides.
“Just a few minutes out of Looe, ma’am. You’ve been asleep almost the whole way.” Ronald sounded very pleased with himself.
“You have the address of the guest house?”
The driver tapped the GPS on the dash. “Yes, ma’am. Looks like you’re right on the beach. Or at least as close as you can get.”
Tantalizing glimpses of water flickered between gaps in the vegetation. Lianne sat up a bit straighter. “Are you familiar with Looe?”
“No, ma’am, but it’s a popular spot.” He slowed, turned in between two stone pillars and drove up a slight incline toward a classic three-level home. Painted white with dark green shutters, it commanded a sweeping view out over the ocean. Lianne took Ronald’s hand as he assisted her out of the back seat and she paused a moment, turning her face up to the sun.
The front door opened and an older woman emerged. Lianne’s first impression was that she had the most beautiful skin she’d ever seen.
“Welcome. You must be Mrs. Larsen.” She held out a hand. “I’m Kathryn Lansdowne. I should imagine you’re exhausted after your long trip.”
Lianne shot a quick glance at the driver. “I’m afraid I slept in the car.”
“Good for you.” Pale blue eyes sparkled. “Then I suppose you’re ready for a nice cup of tea.”
Lianne wasn’t much of a tea drinker, but suddenly the idea appealed. “Sounds wonderful, thank you.”
Within moments, her luggage had been removed from the car and whisked away, presumably to her room. She gave Ronald a generous tip and then followed her hostess into a spacious entry hall.
“Your room is just up the stairs on the right if you’d like to freshen up. I’ll wait for you down here.” She gestured to a comfortable sitting room that opened off the entry hall. Lushly padded chairs flanked a fireplace, and tea service had been laid out on an elegant side table.
Lianne was delighted with her room. Predominantly blue and white with accents of golden yellow, it featured a small balcony overlooking the water. She hurriedly used the bathroom, splashed some water on her face and declared herself presentable.
“Please call me Kate,” said Mrs. Lansdowne as she poured tea.
“And I’m Lianne.” She declined the offer of lemon but stirred a lump of sugar into her tea. The chairs beside the fireplace were supremely comfortable and she eased back with a sigh. “I know I’ve only just arrived, but so far Cornwall is everything I thought it would be.”
Kate raised elegant eyebrows, encouraging her to continue.
Lianne’s gaze drifted toward the large mullioned windows. “Perhaps it’s the light, I don’t know, but I can scarcely wait to get out there and explore.”
“My goodness, you are energetic.”
Lianne smiled. “Well maybe not today.” She touched her watch and frowned. “I didn’t reset my watch. What time is it?”
“Five thirty. I thought perhaps you wouldn’t want to be going into town tonight, so I’ve arranged a light supper for you.”
Lianne sipped at her tea. “Thanks. I have a feeling the time difference will catch up with me soon.”
The women touched base on several items they’d discussed by e-mail, including the fact that Kate would provide breakfast on a daily basis, but no other meals.
“You’re young so you probably won’t mind the walk into town but some of our older guests find it a bit far. There are a couple of small but excellent restaurants down along the waterfront, so you shouldn’t go hungry.”
“I’m looking forward to my first taste of bangers and mash.”
Her hostess hid a small smile. “I take it you haven’t visited the UK before.”
“No. My husband and I travelled a fair amount but this is my first trip to Europe.” She noted a flare of interest from the other woman at the mention of her husband. “My husband has been gone just over two years now. This is my first trip on my own.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, but I’m glad you’ve come to us. Here you can be as busy or as quiet as you wish.”
“I’m counting on it.” She stifled a yawn. “I guess that nap in the car wasn’t quite enough. If you’ll excuse me, I think I’ll retire.” She rose.
“Certainly. Rest well and I’ll see you in the morning.”

* * *

Lianne slept soundly but woke at five in the morning. Bundling up in a warm jacket and slacks, she sat on her balcony and watched the sky lighten. For a few magical moments she couldn’t tell where the sky ended and the ocean began, and she imagined herself trapped in time, where anything was possible.
As the pale yellow light intensified she opened her mind to what might lie beyond the horizon. Since Brett’s death she had been too busy to make any major decisions. All right, that wasn’t exactly true, she simply hadn’t been ready. But making decisions didn’t necessarily mean making changes, she told herself. As she’d slowly come out of her shell – particularly in the last couple of months – she’d realized that she had no idea what she wanted to do next. All of her life she’d had dreams, and now her life stretched before her with no goals… nothing to strive for. And yet it was up to her and no one else what she made of the future. 
The sun burst over the horizon with the promise of a new day.  Here, where nobody knew her and where everything was new, she’d take a fresh, unfiltered look at the rest of her life.

* * *

“Good morning. Did you sleep well?” Kate greeted Lianne as she entered the dining room. She gestured to the sideboard. “I forgot to ask if you prefer coffee or tea in the morning, so I’ve made both.”
“Coffee please.” Lianne helped herself. “And I slept well. Must be the sea air.”
“I’m quite convinced that it makes a difference. When I visit friends in London I have a hard time sleeping. I’m always glad to get home.”
Lianne noticed that the table was set for two. “Is someone else coming for breakfast?”
“No. You’re the only guest for the next couple of days. I thought I’d eat with you this morning if you don’t mind.”
“Of course not. You can advise me as to the best shops in town.”
The two women chatted comfortably throughout breakfast. Food was brought and plates removed by a young girl who shot curious looks at Lianne.
“Jessie, this is Mrs. Larsen from California. She’ll be with us for a month.”
The young girl’s eyes grew wide. “California? Do you know any movie stars?”
Lianne laughed. “No, afraid not. I live in a small town in the northern part of the state.”
“I’m going there some day and become a film star.” This was said with all the confidence of a teenager. “My mum says I’m a silly git, that I’m not pretty enough, but if I don’t try I’ll never find out. What do you think?”
Lianne studied the girl. She wasn’t classically beautiful, but she had a fresh, energetic quality that was appealing. “I’m no expert, and I probably shouldn’t disagree with your mother, but I hate to see anyone give up on their dreams.”
“That’s what I think too,” Jessie said eagerly, then seemed to realize she was interrupting Lianne’s breakfast. “I’m sorry, ma’am. I get carried away sometimes.”
Lianne smiled at the girl’s retreating back, then turned to Kate. “I’m sure her mother wouldn’t appreciate me encouraging her but I think more of us need to follow our dreams.”
“I wouldn’t worry about her mother. I don’t think she and Kate communicate very much.”
“That’s too bad.” Lianne turned thoughtful. “Maybe I spoke up because I’m starting over myself.” She offered a small smile. “But enough of that. I think I’ll wander downtown and look at some of those shops. Thanks for breakfast.”
“You’re welcome. Have a great day.”

* * *

The temperature had warmed by the time Lianne left the guesthouse. She wandered slowly along the waterfront and was tempted to take a walk on the beach, but continued into the town. Attractive shops lined the streets and she made note of which ones she would revisit later.
Lured by the beach, she was soon heading back that way. Worn cement steps allowed easy access and she descended eagerly, smiling to herself as she realized that this had been her destination all along.
“This beach has something for everyone,” she said to herself, picking her way between patches of gravel and sea-sculpted rock. A broad sandy beach lay beyond, but she found a sheltered spot in among the rocks and sat down to enjoy the solitude.
Lost in thought, she didn’t notice the dog at first. Dark brown and white, it ran up to her, tail wagging, and dropped a stick at her feet.
“Hello there,” she said, as the dog watched her with expectant eyes. “What’s your name?”
The dog gave a soft bark and nosed the stick.
“Okay,” she said, climbing down from her rock. “I’ll throw it for you.” She picked up the stick and tossed it toward the water. By the time she returned to her seat, the dog had retrieved the stick and dropped it at her feet again. A glint of metal at the dog’s throat caught her eye and she held out a hand. The dog waited calmly as she looked at the disc.
“Sadie,” she said, and the dog lowered her head and nosed the stick again.
Lianne searched the beach but no one seemed to be looking for the animal. “Where are your people?” she asked, picking up the stick and walking out onto the sand. She tossed the stick several more times until the dog tired of the game, lay down at her feet and looked up with dark, soulful eyes.
Bits of sand clung to the dog’s floppy ears, but Lianne could see that she was well cared for. Her coat had been recently brushed and gleamed softly in the sun.
“Tired, girl?” she asked, lowering herself onto the sand beside the dog. Sadie seemed to understand and gave a soft ‘woof’. Lianne stroked the long ears, eliciting a soft little moan of pleasure from the dog.
“I don’t know why I’ve never had a dog.” It seemed perfectly normal to be carrying on a one-sided conversation with this creature. “Too busy on the ranch, I suppose.” She rubbed the sensitive spot on the top of Sadie’s head and let her hand rest on her back. “Maybe when I go home I’ll think about getting a dog. What do you think?”
If Sadie had an opinion, she kept it to herself. Lianne didn’t mind; it was enough to sit quietly, stroking the dog’s soft fur and looking out at the ocean. An unfamiliar sensation crept over her and it took several moments to recognize that for the first time in ages she felt content. She looked down at the dog sitting beside her and wondered if the animal sensed her need for contact with another living creature.
“You’re right, you know.” She gave the dog’s ears one last scratch and rose. “It’s time I let more people into my life. Dogs are people, aren’t they? We could become friends while I’m here.”
Sadie rose as well, shook off the loose sand and gave a soft bark. Then she turned and trotted slowly down the beach.
Lianne watched the dog pick her way through the kelp that had been tossed up on the hard-packed sand just a few feet up from the water’s edge. A cool breeze swept in from the water, chilling her side where the dog’s warm body had pressed moments before. Deep inside, a corner of her heart began to thaw. It was enough for now.
Chapter Seventeen
James Dolan watched with interest as Sadie picked up a stick and dropped it at the feet of the woman at the far end of the beach. It still surprised him that he’d gone from a high pressure job at Canary Wharf to living here in Looe. Sadie wasn’t in the least impressed that at one time he’d been one of the most successful commodities traders at his firm. She didn’t care that he owned a spectacular flat overlooking the Thames that was the envy of his co-workers. And that was just fine with him. Unlike most of the people he’d associated with in London, she was loving and loyal and these days that was all that mattered.
He wished he’d brought his binoculars so he could see the woman more clearly. He really should get up from his favorite spot in the tall grass at the top of the beach, but he trusted Sadie’s instincts.
The woman finally gave in and tossed the stick a few times. Her blonde hair caught the sun and appeared to be pulled back into a loose braid. A small gust of wind whipped a few loose strands of hair into her eyes. She laughingly brushed it aside with one hand and threw the stick again. Something told him she didn’t know how beautiful she was, or how graceful her movements.
“Well would you look at that,” he muttered as Sadie lay down beside the woman. The dog was particular about who she befriended; this should be interesting.
The dog had been a loving companion to his grandmother for the past six years. His grandmother had credited the dog for keeping her alive for so long and when she finally died at the age of eighty-eight, the dog’s heartbreak had been difficult to witness. By that time James had been the one exercising the dog, and had continued their walks on the beach.
The woman seemed to know that Sadie craved the attention of another female, and stroked the dog with a gentle hand. If he wasn’t mistaken, she was talking to the dog but he wasn’t surprised. He often found himself sharing thoughts with the springer spaniel.
The two sat side by side for several moments, seemingly content with each other’s company. A small flock of shorebirds came swooping in and landed on the sand not far from where they sat. Sadie lifted her head but didn’t pursue them, evidently preferring the woman’s touch. When the woman finally stood up Sadie rose as well. She gave herself a shake and then trotted down the sand toward his position. 
The woman watched Sadie for a few moments, a faint smile on her lips. Then she turned and headed for the stairs, long legs encased in faded jeans that stirred his dormant libido. He’d been bringing Sadie to this beach for a couple of years now and had never seen her before. She must be a tourist, although it was unusual to see a woman of that age alone. He rose with a sigh and wandered down the beach to meet Sadie. Maybe the woman would come back tomorrow. He could always hope.

* * *

Lianne stood at the top of the steps the next day and scanned the beach. There was no sign of Sadie and for a moment she felt let down. Foolish really; she had no reason to expect that the dog would be there.
A brisk offshore wind raised small whitecaps on the waves and Lianne put her head down and drew her jacket closer around her shoulders. She’d known the weather was foul, but the idea of another encounter with the dog had been enough to get her out the door. 
“I’m here now,” she muttered to herself, turning her body sideways to the wind. “Might as well walk.”
Lianne’s thoughts turned inward. She had received a text from Maddie this morning, complete with picture of the newlyweds. The message was cheerful and upbeat, but Maddie’s bright smile in the picture seemed forced, and lacked her usual spark. There was something about the situation that bothered her, but she couldn’t put her finger on it. Besides, what could she do about it from a beach in Cornwall?
She was just about to turn back when Sadie bounded into view with a joyous bark.
“Sadie!” Lianne fell to her knees and opened her arms. “I was wondering if you’d be here today.” She turned her head from side to side as the dog licked her face. “Kisses!” she laughed. “You must have missed me.”
The dog barked and backed up, looking over Lianne’s shoulder.
“Sadie, mind your manners.” The man’s voice held a hint of amusement.
Lianne scrambled to her feet and turned to face a man with a closely trimmed beard and dark green eyes. He wore an old jacket in a subdued plaid pattern and a bulky scarf tucked into the open neck. The only thing missing was leather patches on the elbows.
“Oh,” she said. “You must be with Sadie.”
He laughed. It was a deep, rumbling sound that sent little shivers of awareness skittering through her body. “That pretty well describes it,” he said, his hand resting lightly on the dog’s head.
“We met yesterday” she said, gesturing to the dog. “Sadie and I.”
He nodded. “We come here every day for a walk.” He turned his back on the wind. “Rain or shine.”
“I considered not coming when I saw the weather.” Lianne looked out at the ocean, then turned back to find him studying her with an intensity that took her breath away.
“I’m glad you came.” A gust of wind toyed with a lock of his hair but he didn’t seem to notice. He tilted his head back toward the road that ran above the beach. “At the risk of sounding forward, would you like a cup of tea? There’s a small shop just up there where we could get out of the wind.”
“Can Sadie come?” The dog looked up at the sound of her name.
“They know her,” he said with a smile. “But thank you for asking.”
“Then I’d love a cup of tea.”
He motioned to a hidden path that led up through the sea grass. “We can go up this way,” he said. “It’s quicker.”
“All right.” She followed him up the path and then stopped on the side of the road. “You know,” she said, “I know your dog’s name but I don’t know yours.”
He held out his hand. “James,” he said.
Her hand slid into his as if it belonged there. “And I’m Lianne.”
A fresh gust of wind broke the spell.
“Come on,” he said. “Let’s get out of this.”
They weren’t the only customers to seek refuge inside the small shop. Three other tables were occupied, coats and jackets hanging from the backs of chairs.
James greeted the shop owner warmly. “Maggie, this is my friend Lianne. The weather drove us inside.”
Somewhere north of fifty, Maggie’s bright blue dress matched the trim around the windows. A crisp white apron completed her outfit. “You came to the right place,” she said, checking the condiments on the table as she spoke. Lianne got the impression that the owner made every step count. “What can I get you?”
“Tea sounds heavenly,” said Lianne. “Could I have it in a mug?” She wiggled her fingers. “My hands are numb.”
“Of course dearie.” The woman moved away.
She lowered her voice. “Is drinking tea out of a mug a no-no?”
“Not at all.” He reached into his pocket and dug out a dog biscuit for Sadie.
“She’s a beautiful dog. Have you had her long?”
He paused for a moment. “She was my grandmother’s dog.” Sadie must have heard something in his voice; she looked up, suddenly alert.
“Gran got her as a puppy. She worried that she might die before the dog, but I promised that I would take care of her.”
“I’m sorry, James. Did she die recently?”
He waited while their tea was served, then continued. “About five months ago.” His hand dropped down, making contact with Sadie’s head. “We knew it was coming, but that doesn’t make it any easier.”
“It never does.” Lianne grasped her mug with both hands. “It sounds like you were close to your grandmother.”
“She raised me when my parents died.”
“Here in Looe?”
“That’s right. It may seem small and unsophisticated, but it’s a great place to grow up and the weather isn’t always like this.”
“There’s always a trade-off,” said Lianne, glancing toward the windows. “The countryside is beautifully green, and you can’t have that without some precipitation.”
His eyebrows rose slightly as he digested her remark.
“I’m the daughter of a rancher,” she said by way of explanation. “I grew up being aware of the weather. A day or two of rain and our rangeland comes alive.”
“You’re American,” he said. “Let me guess… Wyoming?”
“A bit farther west. California.”
“Really?” When I think of California, I think of your cities and your spectacular coastline. Maybe your wine region, but not ranching.”
“It’s an enormous state,” she said. “With a wide variety of terrain.”
“Are you still a rancher’s daughter?” He took a sip of tea and watched expectantly over the rim of his cup. She considered how to respond honestly without revealing too much personal information.
“I can’t imagine being anything else,” she said. “I guess you could say it’s in my blood.”
His gaze took leisurely inventory, from the toes of her boots to the crown of her head. She couldn’t remember the last time a man had looked at her like that… if ever. Patches of heat flared in places she’d almost forgotten about. “I’ve never met anyone like you,” he said after a moment. “You’re real.”
She pulled back, not sure whether to be insulted by his bold scrutiny or flattered by his words. “I should hope so.” He’d managed to put her completely off balance, and she didn’t like it. She leaned across the table. “In spite of what you might think, not everyone from California is a snowflake.”
His smile started at his mouth and moved to his eyes. “Touché.”
It was hard to hold onto her anger in the face of such effortless charm.
“I’ve offended you, and that was the farthest thing from my mind,” he said, maintaining eye contact. “You see, when it comes to women, ‘real’ isn’t something I’ve come across very often.”
“Maybe you’ve been looking in the wrong places.” Her tone was sharp; she wasn’t about to let him off the hook that easily.
“You’re probably right.” He exhaled slowly and sat back in his chair, one hand toying idly with his teacup. “I’ve really put my foot in, haven’t I?”
“I might have over-reacted.” She gathered her thoughts. “You see, I’m fortunate to have a group of friends who would do anything for each other. These women are as real as it gets, so I guess you could say your comment ruffled my feathers.” She watched him absorb her words before continuing. “These unreal women you talk about. Tell me about them.”
He might have blushed; it was hard to tell beneath the beard. “It’s rather personal. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“Fair enough.” Picking up her mug, she drained the tea. “Thanks for the tea; I think I’ll head back now.” She leaned down, stroked Sadie’s head and then rose.
“You’re leaving?” He searched his pockets for some money, placed it on the table and then followed her outside.
Lianne was struggling with the zipper of her jacket when he stumbled out, followed closely by Sadie.
“Do you need help with that?” He stood there with his scarf in one hand, seemingly unaware of the rain lashing at him.
“I’ve got it,” she said, finally getting the zipper to work and sliding it up to her neck.
“Will you be back tomorrow?” The words seemed to surprise him, but after a moment’s hesitation he continued. “I’d like to see you again.”
“Why?”
“Because I’d like to get to know you.” He looked down at the dog by his side. “And because Sadie likes you.”
“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” she said. “But thank you for the tea.” She extended her hand.
His hand was surprisingly warm, and he held contact longer than necessary. For one wild, insane moment she imagined herself walking hand in hand with this man.
“Why?” he said again, releasing her hand. “Why isn’t it a good idea?”
“We don’t know each other,” she said. Her tone was desperate as though she were trying to convince herself. She looked everywhere but in his eyes. “We don’t even seem to have much in common.”
He took a step closer. “That’s what getting to know each other is all about.”
He was right, of course. “I don’t know how to do this,” she said, her voice small and afraid.
“Do what, Lianne?”
She raised her head and the words came pouring out. “This is my first trip since my husband died. I fell in love with him in high school. We knew each other all our lives and I’ve never…” She took a deep breath. “I don’t know how to act, what to say.” She gave him a look of desperation. “I don’t know how to play those games.”
He waited until she regained her composure. Caught up in each other, neither paid attention to the pelting rain. “I don’t play games, Lianne, but I do have a confession.”
His words startled her and she took a step back.
“I was here yesterday.” He waited for that to sink in. “I watched you throw the stick for Sadie, and I saw you sit down beside her and talk to her. I knew then that I wanted to meet you.”
A short laugh escaped her throat. “You wanted to meet me because I like your dog.”
He nodded. “Partly, yes. But mainly because I’m attracted to you. Is that so bad?”
He stood very still, as though any movement might frighten her away. She wanted to trust him but was afraid. This was all too sudden and if she was honest, the attraction she felt toward this man unsettled her. “I’m sorry, I just can’t.” Tears pooled in her eyes as she turned away and started to walk.
“I’ll be here tomorrow,” he said to her back. “I’ll wait.”
The pause in her step was almost imperceptible… at least she hoped it was. It wouldn’t do to let him know how his words had gone straight to her heart, how tempted she was to change her mind, or how in the few minutes she’d spent with him she found herself aching for another chance at happiness.

* * *

James’ breath caught in his throat as her step faltered, but she continued. He watched until she turned the corner but she didn’t look back. Why was he pursuing this woman he didn’t even know? He desired her physically of course, how could he not. But there was more to Lianne than a body that made his pulse race double time. She displayed a combination of fragility and strength that drew him to her like the proverbial moth to a flame.
“What do you think, girl?” Sadie looked up at the sound of his voice. “Will she come tomorrow?” The dog shook, sending droplets of water flying everywhere.
He wrapped the scarf around his neck, put his head down and started walking. “I don’t know either,” he muttered. “But I’ll be here.”
Chapter Eighteen
The wind and rain moved on shortly after midnight. Lianne, sitting beside the window in her bedroom, watched as stars appeared overhead. Her hostess had remarked about the changeable weather but Lianne preferred to take the clear skies as a good sign. There had never really been a question as to whether or not she would meet him tomorrow. She felt a little foolish now, but she’d get over it.

* * *

Sadie raced across the sand, ears flying. Lianne couldn’t help but smile, fell to her knees to greet the dog and was still smiling when she looked up to see James against the blue of the sky.
She accepted his offer of a hand and rose slowly as Sadie danced around at their feet.
“Sadie’s glad you came.” He glanced down at their clasped hands.
“So am I.” Her words hung in the air between them for a moment. Then she released his hand and gestured up the beach. “Let’s walk while you tell me about growing up in Looe.”
“Aha.” He picked up a stick and tossed it for an ecstatic Sadie. “My youth. I’m not sure it’s all that interesting.”
“Why don’t you let me decide that?”
“Fair enough.” He tossed the stick again. “My parents died when I was five years old.” He shot her a quick look. “That’s a tough age to lose your parents. You’re old enough to know it wasn’t your fault… that you couldn’t have done anything to prevent the accident… and yet you somehow think that if you’d been with them, things would have been different. They were skiing in the Italian Alps and were caught in an avalanche.”
“I would imagine at five you didn’t even know what an avalanche was.” She made a broad gesture. “Especially coming from somewhere like this.”
“We lived on the outskirts of London, but your point is well taken. I’d been sent to stay with Gran at the time, so I just stayed here.”
“Was your grandfather alive?”
“No, he’d died the year before. I learned later it was pancreatic cancer.” He paused and looked out over the ocean. “It was just Gran and I. Normally speaking, the idea of a five year old boy and his grandmother conjures up visions of a miserable child and a strait-laced older woman who knows nothing about little boys. But in my case that couldn’t have been farther from the truth.”
“Sounds like you lucked out.”
“I did. What do the kids say? ‘Big time’. Once we both got over the shock of losing the people we loved, our life turned into a series of adventures. Small adventures, mind you, but looking back I realized that they were designed to keep me engaged and learning. For example, one year we did experiments. She got some books from the library and we often had half a dozen projects going at the same time. We blew stuff up, we grew crystals, we tried to count the number of different species of bugs in the yard… things like that. If we came upon something of interest, we’d learn all there was to learn about it and then move on to the next thing.”
“You must have been far ahead of the children in your classes at school.”
A wry smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. “I suppose I was, but it didn’t present a problem. Gran had drilled it into me that nobody likes a know-it-all, so with the exception of a few slip-ups, I knew enough to keep my mouth shut. Besides, as I got older, if they didn’t like me, then they wouldn’t want me to play footie with them.”
“Footie?”
“You call it soccer.”
“Were you good?”
“Not particularly. But I liked the idea of being part of a team.”
“All that testosterone.” She grinned.
“Not so much at the school level perhaps, but in the stadium on game day you can almost cut it with a knife.” His steps slowed as he paused to recall something. “Sorry, I was recalling the time Gran took me to a match. I was a Chelsea fan… still am as a matter of fact. Anyway, that was the only time I can recall that she was out of her element, but she managed to convince me that she enjoyed it.”
“But it was a one-off?”
“Definitely. She encouraged me to go back when the other kids went with their fathers, but she never offered to accompany me.”
“So. We’ve established that you enjoyed footie but weren’t ever going to be hired by Chelsea. What were your other interests?”
“The father of one of my friends had a computer. This was back in the days when day trading was the big thing.” He glanced over at her. “You remember all those television ads?”
“Vaguely. I didn’t watch much television.”
“But you know what day trading is?” She nodded and he continued. “Clive had found out where his father kept his password and had been logging on to his account. He didn’t make any trades of course, but he had a fairly good idea of how it worked.” He stopped abruptly. “It would be fair to say that was the day I discovered my life’s work.”
They had come to the end of the beach.
“Have I been talking all this time?” he asked.
“Most of it. But don’t stop now. We’re just getting to the good part.”
They turned to head back and Sadie appeared beside them, her tongue hanging out.
“The tricky part was telling Gran why I wanted a computer. I was afraid that if Clive’s father found out what he’d been doing he’d be in trouble. But in the end, I decided to tell her the truth. She made some comment about Clive’s father needing better security and the next day we went to the computer store and bought a PC. I didn’t realize it at the time, but she was eager to learn about this new day trading phenomenon as well.”
“She sounds like an amazing person.”
“She was. And you’d never have known it to look at her. Hidden depths and all that.”
They walked for several minutes, each lost in thought.
“Shall we go for tea?” He’d stopped beside the path leading up through the grass.
“Okay, but my treat today.” She followed him up.
The small tea shop was almost empty today. Maggie greeted them warmly. “Welcome back,” she said. “Tea?”
“I’d love it.” Lianne craned her neck to check the display case. “And perhaps some scones? I have a bit of an appetite.”
“Coming right up.” The owner left.
“So… day trading. I’m almost afraid to ask what happened next.”
“Well…” James toyed with the napkin holder on the table. “Gran decided that we should treat the subject of day trading the way we did everything else.” He chuckled at the memory. “Keep in mind that we were complete amateurs, but we studied everything we could get our hands on about the markets. Gran suggested we not make any trades for the first month, which isn’t really very long, but I was fine with that. Even after that, we limited our exposure to a hundred pounds at a time.”
“Did you make money?”
“Sometimes.” He looked up as the owner served their tea and scones. “Sometimes not. I wasn’t aware of it then, but my grandmother was wealthy. Anyway, at the end of the year, we’d made the enormous profit of twelve hundred pounds.”
Lianne shrugged. “Better than losing.”
“No doubt. But I soon became bored and started looking at futures trading.”
“That’s specialized, isn’t it?”
He swirled the teapot and poured their tea. “There are lots of places online and in person that claim to be able to teach you how to trade futures. I tried a couple of them but it didn’t take long to discover that the best education is in the trenches.”
Lianne blew on the hot liquid in her cup. “How old were you at this point?”
“Let’s see.” He tilted his head back. “Eighteen, I guess.”
“And these courses were in London?”
“Yes. My grandmother had a flat there, in Knightsbridge. Still does, as a matter of fact. I stayed there for eighteen months or so while I took courses. I may not have learned much that I didn’t already know but they accomplished one thing. I made contacts and got my first job.”
Lianne shook her head. “And that was…”
“I traded commodities futures. Energy stocks.”
“This is probably a foolish question, but were you any good?”
“One of the best.” He said it simply.
“Oh.” She took a sip of tea to marshal her thoughts. “So at the grand old age of… what… eighteen or nineteen, you were the wunderkind of the City.”
He raised an eyebrow. “You know about the City.”
“I’m not completely ignorant.” She smiled to soften her words, but his thoughts had moved on.
“I still had a lot to learn though and over the next ten years I learned it well. The markets present ever shifting targets and one has to stay on top of everything. That’s why I started to do my own research. People were investing huge sums and risk assessment is critical.” He tapped his fingernails on the side of his cup. “But on the other side of the coin, the rewards were enormous.”
“Did you ever invest based on your own research?”
He looked at her evenly. “I like to back up my own conclusions.”
“Is that a yes?”
He nodded. “That’s a yes. Oh, and by the way, I didn’t work in the City. I worked at Canary Wharf.”
“I’ve heard of that, too.” She slathered some jam on her scone and took a bite. “These are delicious. Aren’t you going to have one?”
He reached for a scone and sliced it in half, his movements precise.
“So,” she said thoughtfully. “Would I be right in assuming that you moved sideways and stopped trading futures to concentrate on analyzing the risk connected with each stock?”
He gave her a sharp, appreciative look. “How did you figure that out from my rambling story?”
“Well…” She took a sip of tea. “You’re more passionate when you speak of research.” She set down her cup and studied him closely. “It really must interest you.”
“It does… or I should say it did. It’s a high pressure environment and I survived it for quite a few years.”
She nodded. There was something here that he wasn’t telling her, but she decided not to push, at least for the moment.
“Your grandmother must have been proud of you.”
The tenderness in his eyes spoke volumes. “Yes, she was. Apart from my co-workers, she was one of the few people who actually understood my specialty.” He paused for a moment, lost in memories. “There was some publicity about the high flying lifestyle of the ‘young guns’ as we were called, but she trusted that she’d raised me to do what was right. Sounds corny, but that’s the way it was between us.”
“I would like to have known her. I think I would have liked her.”
His gaze lingered on her face for a long, intimate moment. “She would have liked you, too.”
Lianne stroked Sadie’s head. The dog had shifted her position and now lay across one of Lianne’s feet. “I can’t help but notice that you’ve been speaking of your career in the past tense.” He didn’t withdraw, so she continued. “What happened, James?”
He brushed crumbs from the table into his hand and tipped them onto his empty plate. “That’s another chapter,” he said. “Let’s go outside and walk some more.”
Chapter Nineteen
“Where to?” James looked both ways.
“Let’s wander toward town. I saw some of that yummy Dutch licorice in a sweet shop the other day and I’ve been kicking myself for not buying some.”
James whistled to Sadie, who was partway down the stairs to the beach. “Did you know that some people give licorice to their children at bedtime? They say it helps to put them to sleep.”
“Seriously?” Lianne frowned. “I haven’t heard of that.” They walked for a few minutes in contented silence before James turned to her, a bewildered smile on his face.
“I haven’t talked this much for a long time. Especially about myself.”
She kept walking but acknowledged his comment with a smile of her own. “That’s what this is all about, isn’t it? Getting to know each other?”
“If I recall, I was the one who said I wanted to get to know you, not the other way around.”
“It’s a two-way street.”
He laughed. “I knew you were going to say that.”
“Oh, so now I’m predictable?”
“Not in the least.” He seemed to relax. “Well, maybe a little.”
“We’ve lived such different lives” she said, almost to herself. “I hate to admit it, but coming here to Cornwall by myself is the most daring thing I’ve ever done.” She tilted her head to one side. “I’m really a very dull person.”
“I’m the one who gets to decide about that.” He flashed another smile and warmth spread through her body like wildfire.
“Okay, but in the meantime we were about to start the next chapter of your story.”
“Ah yes.” He looked skyward. “Everything you’ve heard about the top traders… huge paydays, fancy cars, travel, women.”
She waited breathlessly.
It’s all true.” He shook his head. “For the most part these were intelligent young men. But there’s a competitive spirit that seems to override every aspect of the business. We were making so much money and living under such pressure that we convinced ourselves we deserved to blow off steam. We deserved the best that money could buy.” He shoved his hands in his pockets as though to anchor himself. “That was partly why I moved on to risk analysis after a few years. To be perfectly frank, I couldn’t keep up with them.”
Lianne was aware that he was studying her, waiting for a response. “In a way you were lucky,” she said. “You could still work in the industry that you enjoyed so much.”
“There was that,” he said, choosing his words carefully. “But I wasn’t a member of ‘the club’ anymore. No more weekends in Ibiza.” A wry smile flitted across his face and then disappeared. “Ibiza was big in those days. Looking back now, it was nothing short of a miracle that they all made it back home every weekend.”
“How did your girlfriend respond?”
“Girlfriend?”
She stopped, forcing him to face her. “Come on James. You’re a good looking guy.” She looked into his eyes and for a moment she couldn’t breathe. “More than good looking, actually. So don’t tell me there was no girlfriend.”
His gaze slid off to the side. “Cassandra.” His tone spoke volumes.
“I’m sorry James. If this is a touchy subject, let’s forget it.”
They lapsed into silence again, both feigning an interest in Sadie who was keeping occupied checking for signs from other dogs.
“It’s okay,” he said finally. “She’s part of the story.” But they walked for several moments before he continued.
“We met in a club in London. Not the best beginning for what was to become a serious relationship, but there you have it.” They were walking up a slight incline and he unbuttoned his jacket. “Cassie comes from money and has never worked a serious day in her life.” He smiled as though remembering her fondly. “She would sometimes show up at a friend’s art gallery and call that going to work, but she’s never done anything that required commitment.”
Lianne decided to lighten the atmosphere. “So she’s never mucked out stalls, for example.”
He pretended to appear shocked. “Lord, no. We have stable boys to do that for us, darling.”
“Well she’d better not come to my place. You want to ride, you do everything.” She bumped him gently with her shoulder and he relaxed. “Let me guess,” she continued. “She loved the jet-set lifestyle, she loved the fact that your skills were in demand, and she loved your swanky new flat at Canary Wharf.”
“Penthouse,” he said, confirming her guess. “Nothing but the best for Cassandra.”
“Wow.” Lianne shook her head.
“What?”
“I hate her already and I don’t even know her. I may have to ask for sprinkles on my ice cream.” She stopped abruptly. “Do they have sprinkles?”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’ve decided I want ice cream,” she repeated. “Do they have sprinkles?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
She sighed dramatically. “England!” She started walking again. “Come on, keep up! We’ll never get there at this rate.”
“You’re the one who stopped,” he muttered, but took a few quick steps.
“So then what?”
“We lived together for three years.”
“Three years?”
He glared at her. “It was Christmas of the second year that we got engaged. Believe it or not, that was the first time she met Gran.”
Lianne’s eyes widened.
“And before you ask, no, they didn’t get along.”
She couldn’t keep the smug look from her face.
“We bumped along okay. She was in the middle of planning the wedding of the century when Gran had a stroke. I came home and stayed for a month. Gran hated not being able to do for herself, but she was a trooper. She adapted.”
The pain in his voice was raw, as though it had just happened yesterday.
“Gran encouraged me to go back to work, so I arranged for someone to come in once a day. The women from the WA also looked in on her but it didn’t take long to see that wasn’t working out.” His gaze drifted out toward the horizon. “We’re talking about the most important person in my life. There was no way I was going to abandon her, so I decided to move back here, to take care of her.” He struggled to keep his emotions in check.
“Cassie gave me an ultimatum. She said I had two weeks to make some other type of arrangements for Gran… that there was no way she was going to move here with me.”
Lianne swallowed. “Let me make sure I understand this. Your fiancée wanted to put your grandmother in some sort of a care facility.”
He nodded. “Two weeks! It took me all of one minute to tell her that she was free to announce that she had broken off the engagement.”
Lianne reached for his hand. “And you never regretted coming back, did you?”
He squeezed her hand. “Not for a minute.”
Sadie came running up and he dug a leash out of his pocket. “They like them on leashes in town,” he said, clipping it to her collar.
They continued walking. “I did regret one thing, though.”
Lianne raised her eyebrows.
“Gran had learned to play backgammon while I was in London. I won’t tell you how much she took from me over those two years.”
“Serves you right for gambling with an old lady.”
“That’s what she said.” He led her down a narrow alley between two buildings. “I think the ice cream place is through here.”
They each purchased a cone and then found a spot on a bench overlooking the busy waterway.
“Have you thought about going back? I mean to work?”
James took a few bites of his cone, then handed it to Sadie. “I’ve been working from here, but only the projects that interest me. They’ve asked me to come back, but I have remote access to the firm’s databases and I can work perfectly well from home.” He smiled as the dog finished the ice cream and looked around for more. “As a matter of fact, I expect to hear from them within the next couple of weeks. Let’s face it, office space at Canary Wharf is prime, and my office is sitting there unused. I’m surprised they’ve waited this long.” Sadie settled down in the shade of the bench.
Lianne found a large chunk of cherry in her cherry custard ice cream, picked it out and nibbled on it. “What if you set up on your own?” She licked her fingers, then wiped them carefully on a paper napkin. “You could be an independent contractor.”
He was silent for a few moments, then gave her an odd, sideways glance. “You’re scary sometimes, you know that?”
“Scary?”
“It’s as though you’re inside my head. The last month or so I’ve been seriously considering that very thing.”
She was pleased by his comment but tried not to show it. “And would it work?”
He appeared to be studying the passage of a small sailboat, but she could tell he was deep in thought. “Yes, I believe it would, but to quote Shakespeare, there’s the rub. I’m not really sure I want to be that closely connected with the markets for the rest of my career.” He leaned forward, one elbow on each knee. “There’s something obscene about working in an industry whose only purpose is to manipulate stock prices and profit from them. At the end of the day…” He turned to her. “Don’t know why I chose that overused expression – anyway at the end of the day you haven’t made anything tangible.”
“Except money.”
“Precisely!”
“I’d never thought of it that way. Of course you could always become a farmer. Growing veggies can be very fulfilling.”
He acknowledged her dig with a wry smile. “Let’s not get carried away.”
Lianne leaned back against the bench. “Before I give you my opinion – for which you will owe me the princely sum of one bag of licorice – let’s get something out of the way.”
His eyebrows lifted.
“This may seem indelicate, but it has to be said. You have money, right? I mean you don’t ever have to work again.”
His relief was evident. “Not if I don’t want to.”
“Okay, then. We’ve established that you excel at what you do, which is risk assessment, which is basically research.”
He chuckled. “You make it sound like anyone who’s heard about Google could do it.”
“You know I didn’t mean it like that. Stay with me here. What if you set up your own consulting firm and accept only the jobs that interest you? You could continue to do risk assessment on the companies that meet your criteria. That would keep you in touch with the markets but at a distance. It’s always helpful to know what’s going on.”
“True, but that’s not far removed from what I’m doing now.”
“I know that, and if you’d let me finish...”
He looked sideways at her. “Is this a fight? If so, I like fighting with you.”
“What’s to like about fighting?”
“It means we’re both passionate about our points of view. We care enough to disagree. Cassandra never cared about anything other than money.”
Lianne struggled to keep her temper in check. “Please don’t compare me with your former girlfriend!”
“Former fiancée, not to put too fine a point on it.”
She wanted to ask him if he still loved Cassandra, but couldn’t bring herself to ask. “Do you still see her?”
There was a moment’s hesitation before he answered and Lianne was surprised by how much it hurt.
“No, I don’t see her, but she’s been calling me recently.” He shook his head. “Mostly when she’s been drinking, and then the next day she calls again to apologize.”
Lianne tried to hide her relief. “I’m sorry you have to go through that, but I’d prefer that you not compare the two of us.”
He pressed his fingers into his eyes. “Don’t worry. You’re nothing alike. Except for the fact that you’re both beautiful.”
She couldn’t hold back a grin. “You’re trying to distract me. You just want to get out of buying me that bag of licorice.”
He sat back and turned to face her. “I wish we weren’t in public right now.” His gaze, soft as a caress, settled on her lips.
“Why?”
“Because I’d like to kiss you.”
Yes, please. Her inner voice was so loud she was surprised he didn’t hear it. “But you don’t even know me.”
“Doesn’t matter. I still want to kiss you.”
I’m afraid. “James…”
“But I can wait.” His eyes glittered. “After all, you promised to tell me about yourself.” He nodded, as though listening to his own voices. “But in the meantime, you were saying?”
His words left her flushed and confused. She considered challenging him, but the truth was, she enjoyed the sizzling tension that was building between them. And besides, she wanted him to hear what she had to say.
“As I was saying,” she said, organizing her thoughts as she went, “you could pick and choose your projects. Let’s call those your commercial clients. But what if you decided to use your knowledge… your skills… to help people who need it?” She tapped a finger on her lips, searching for the right words. “What if you set up a consulting firm whose purpose was to help people understand the markets. Help them to invest. You could even make it ‘green’.” She paused. “Do they call it ’green’ here?”
He nodded.
“Right. You could show them how they can invest in solid, environmentally friendly stocks. You could work with individuals or organizations with money to invest. You could make yourself available to youth groups. Get them thinking about responsible investing while they’re young.” She smiled broadly. “And the best part of all is that you don’t charge a fee. That’s how people know they can trust you.”
A slow smile softened his features. “I like it.”
Before she was aware what he was doing he moved in and brushed his lips lightly against hers. The contact was so brief she might have imagined it except for the molten heat flowing through her veins.
“I know I said I’d wait,” he murmured, his gaze holding hers. “And I will, but I couldn’t resist.” A knowing grin caught the corners of his mouth. “But now that I’ve had a taste, don’t expect me to wait too long.”
“My goodness, what do we have here?” A woman’s voice broke the spell.
A low growl came from beneath the bench.
James pulled back, a flash of anger in his eyes. He recovered quickly, a polite smile in place. “Hello Daphne.” He looked around pointedly as though looking for someone else. “What are you doing here?” His tone was less than welcoming.
“Just doing a spot of shopping and what should I see?” The woman’s voice was grating. “A couple of lovebirds perched on a bench.” Her gaze raked over Lianne. “You must be one of James’ friends from out of town. I don’t believe we’ve met before.”
James rose, jaw muscles bunching as he struggled to hold back his temper. “Lianne is indeed visiting from out of town.” He offered Lianne his hand and she rose gracefully. “Lianne, this is my neighbor, Daphne.”
Lianne held out her hand. “How do you do, Daphne. Delighted to meet you.” She summoned her most dazzling smile. “We’ve been watching the boats.”
“Is that what you call it?” Daphne looked from Lianne to James, then back. “You’re American.”
“Yes, that’s right.” Lianne declined to elaborate further and fell silent.
“Yes, well I’d better be going.” Daphne gave James what was supposed to be an intimate smile. “I’ll see you soon, darling.” With one last scorching look at Lianne she turned and walked away.
James raised both hands then let them fall to his sides. “I’m sorry about that.” He tried to smile, but it came across as a grimace. “I don’t know what to say.”
Lianne shrugged. “Don’t worry about it James. I was rather flattered.”
“You were… what?”
“Darling,” She did a fair imitation of Daphne’s drawl. “You must know she’s interested in you. She was jealous to see you with someone else.”
“Women!” he muttered, then looked up sharply. “Present company excepted, of course.”
“Oh, of course.” She waited a beat. “And what’s her story, or dare I ask?”
He glanced toward the street where Daphne had disappeared. “I don’t know her story, but not for lack of effort on her part. She magically appears in her yard when I come home and she’s been dropping hints about us getting together ever since she moved in a few months ago. I’m just not interested.”
“What is it with you and these women?”
“Nothing!” A blush crept into his cheeks.
“Why Jimmy! You’re so cute when you’re flustered.” He scowled at her and she laughed, easing the tension. “Come on, let’s find that licorice.”

* * *

“You’re leaving?” He looked like someone had taken his favorite toy.
“Just for a couple of days.” She offered him a licorice and he declined.
“Don’t like it?”
“Oh all right.” He took a piece and popped it into his mouth. “I like licorice but I didn’t want to be walking around with black stuff stuck in my teeth.”
“Don’t be silly.” Lianne’s steps slowed. “No, I take that back. Be as silly as you like. Your honesty is refreshing.”
“Well this was about getting to know each other, although I haven’t learned much about you.” They had arrived at the stairs leading down to the beach and Sadie’s tail wagged in anticipation.
“Looks like I should let her have another run.”
Lianne smiled at the eager dog. “She deserves it. She’s been patient.”
James made a gesture and the dog ran down the stairs. “So when will you be back?”
“I’ll be away for three nights. I have it all planned out. One day for the Victoria and Albert and while I’m in the area I’d like to see Harrod’s. And of course I have to see the National Gallery and the British Museum. I can’t see everything of course, but it’ll be fun.”
“That’s quite a schedule. I could have given you a ride. Still can, as a matter of fact.”
“No thanks. I like to be independent. The car hire service downtown here has arranged for a driver. It’s an indulgence, but one I’m looking forward to.”
Sadie barked, but James ignored her. “Will I see you when you get back?” He was almost boyish in his eagerness.
“I’d like that,” she said softly. “I’d like that a lot.”
“Okay. I’ll see you in what… four days? I’ll be here around noon and perhaps we can have lunch together.” He leaned forward, brushed his lips against her cheek and then turned and walked down the stairs.
Chapter Twenty
“The Rosetta Stone,” murmured Lianne, not caring if anyone heard her. She’d arrived at the British Museum only minutes after it opened, her footsteps echoing in the gallery as she headed toward the display. Surprised that she could get so close, she reached out then withdrew her hand before touching the glass. By the end of the day it would no doubt be smudged with fingerprints, but now, in the comparative stillness, she took time to study the famous object while she listened to the audio narration.
She couldn’t say why she’d been eager to see the Rosetta Stone, but it had fascinated her since she learned about it in school. And now here she was, surrounded by soaring columns and irreplaceable ancient Egyptian and Greek carvings. No wonder the original owners want them back, she mused.
Preceded by a burst of chatter, a group of school children came into the gallery. In spite of the efforts of their guides to keep the noise level down, the intimacy of her special time had been broken and she moved along. There was plenty more to see and although she was determined not to rush, neither did she want to leave without seeing the items on her checklist.
As Lianne moved from one gallery to the next, from one era and civilization to another, she was struck by the parallels to her own life, on a non-historical scale. She paused in the room displaying the Elgin marbles, and looked up at them without really seeing. Since arriving in Great Britain she had stepped through a doorway of sorts and into the next phase of her life. For the first time since Brett died she’d found herself wishing she had someone to share her experiences. Someone she could turn to at the end of the day and say “Did you see the way that little boy looked at the mummy?”
Not surprisingly, James came to mind. Her hand flew to her cheek where he’d kissed her and she could still hear his whispered words as he told her he would wait for her. Was she foolish to be daydreaming of him when she’d only met him a few days ago? She’d never known anyone quite like him, even though her experience with men was admittedly limited. He was an intriguing combination: a highly motivated, successful businessman on one hand and a man who knew the value of family loyalty on the other. The idea of getting to know him even better was frightening and exciting at the same time.
She had no doubt that given the chance he would ask some fairly probing questions about her life. He had revealed a lot about himself, and he’d probably like her to return the favor, but she was under no obligation. After all, they weren’t entering into a serious relationship… were they? No, of course not. She’d be going home in a matter of weeks and she’d never see him again. But in the meantime, there was no denying that with very little effort, the spark between them could burst into flames.
Was she ready for a holiday romance? Was this the time to face up to reality? Because the reality was that she had a choice. She could remain single for the rest of her life, or she could take the next step of being intimate with a man, as long as it was someone she knew and respected. Someone like James…
She knew which option appealed to her, but they had time. James had made it clear that he was interested in more than walks on the beach, but he’d also reminded her that he wanted to get to know her better. She looked forward to sharing her thoughts with this man.
A child jostled her, bringing her back to reality. Suddenly she longed for the windswept beaches of Cornwall.

* * *

“Welcome back.” James was sitting on the bottom step of the stairs and rose as she came down, offering her a steadying hand as she stepped onto the sand. “Did you have a good time?”
“I did, yes.” She gave a little shudder. “Although I confess I found the crowds a bit much.” She smiled into the now familiar face. “That’s what happens when you spend most of your life in the wide open spaces.”
They started walking while Sadie nosed through the flotsam that had been left by the last high tide.
“You live on a ranch, right?”
She nodded.
“Sounds idyllic but there must be hard work involved. Have you always lived there?”
“Ever since I was born.” Her gaze followed Sadie but her thoughts were elsewhere. “My mother died when I was very young, so she’s only a vague presence somewhere in the back of my mind. Sometimes I’m not sure if my recollections are real or imagined. Dad talked about her a lot, and I think I may have absorbed his stories and turned them into memories of my own.” She turned to him. “But I’m fine with that either way. My father stepped up to the plate and gave me a wonderful childhood in spite of the fact that he missed my mom.”
“Sounds like he was a good man.”
“He was.”
They walked in silence for a while. 
“What prompted you to come to Cornwall, Lianne?”
She’d known he would ask this and had decided on a truthful, if partial answer. Once she knew him better she might share the details of Brett’s death, but at the present time that wasn’t something she was prepared to do.
“I think it was the way my father spoke about Cornwall… Looe in particular. He and my mother came for a visit shortly after they were married and even after all those years, his face would light up when he spoke of it.” She glanced over at him. “I recently sold most of the cattle on the ranch which freed me up to be able to travel, and here I am.”
“Lucky me.”
“You’re sweet, but what about lunch? You promised to feed me if I came back.”
“I did, didn’t I? Would you like fish and chips downtown, or tea at our usual place?”
“Our usual place,” she sighed, placing a hand on her chest. “How romantic.”
He whistled for Sadie, then took her hand. “I missed you, Lianne.” His gaze turned intimate. “A lot.”

* * *

Maggie arrived at their table with a large pot of tea and two cups. “You’re regulars now, so if you want anything besides tea, you’ll have to give me fair warning.” She smiled at her own wit. “We have quiche today if that suits, but I’d make up my mind if I were you.” She glanced toward a group of people who had just entered. “We’re almost out.”
Lianne looked at James, who nodded. “Two quiche, Maggie. Sounds good.” She poured some tea. “I like mine weak, but you’d rather wait a bit, wouldn’t you?”
“You’re observant.”
“Am I?” She dropped a lump of sugar into her cup. “I suppose I am. I think people who spend a lot of time outdoors develop the ability to see things differently than city dwellers.”
“Like what?”
“The weather for one thing. Water levels in streams and lakes. Bird migrations. And in my case, growth patterns. Grazing is especially important when you’re a rancher.” She paused while Maggie delivered the quiche and smiled her thanks. “I’ve never seen our land when we weren’t running cattle, so I’m anxious to see how it’ll look when I get back. Of course it will take a few years for the native plants to reclaim it fully, but I can wait.” She tasted the quiche and groaned with pleasure. “We must thank Maggie for recommending this. It’s delicious.” She looked up. “Aren’t you going to eat yours?”
“I was enjoying watching you. I love your enthusiasm.” He picked up his fork and took a bite. “I see what you mean about the quiche.”
They ate in silence for a few moments. “So tell me,” he said tentatively. “Why did you sell the cattle?”
“Ah,” she said slowly, putting her fork down. “That was a hard decision. Especially since my father had built up the herd. But when he died, things changed. Inevitable I suppose, but it seemed a good time to take stock… no pun intended… of where we were going with the ranch.”
“We?”
“Yes. Our foreman Carlos has been with the ranch since I was a small child. He didn’t know until after my father died, but he’s a twenty percent shareholder in the ranch.”
“I think I like your father even more.”
Lianne acknowledged his comment with a smile. “I wasn’t sure how Carlos would react, but he surprised me. He agreed that it was time. We kept a few cattle of course, but not too many. Carlos can manage them by himself and he likes that just fine.
“Is he Mexican?”
Lianne frowned. “No, his parents were from Mexico, but Carlos is American. So is Ramona, his wife. They’re part of our family. Anyway, selling the cattle marked a change for me. In a way it set me free, even though I’m not quite sure where I’m going.” She turned to him. “But you know something? I’m not worried about that. I have no timetable, no pre-set goals, and it feels good.” She thought for a moment. “I’m not going to drift. That’s not what I’m saying. But I’ll know it when something meaningful comes along, something that will make a difference. In the meantime, I’ve learned how important it is to enjoy every day.”
James finished his quiche, pushed his plate to the side and moved his tea cup in front of him. Lianne knew him well enough by now to see that he was gathering his thoughts.
“I understand how you feel. I’m at a crossroads myself, but to my discredit, I haven’t done anything about it. Your ideas the other day were more substantial than anything I’ve come up with.”
“Perhaps, but your grandmother hasn’t been gone all that long.” Lianne took a sip of tea, made a face and replaced the cup in the saucer. “Isn’t it better to be sure what you want rather than jump blindly into something you might regret later?”
She looked up and was met with a slow, sexy smile. “What are we talking about here, Lianne? Our careers, or something more… personal?” He waited a few beats. “Because when it comes to you, I know what I want and I’m quite positive I wouldn’t regret it later.”
“Well… I…” She couldn’t catch her breath. “You wouldn’t?”
“No, I wouldn’t.” He leaned closer and lowered his voice. “You must know by now that I want you, Lianne. But when we make love, I don’t want it to be a summertime fling. I want to make love to a woman I know and respect.”
“ ‘When we make love’.” She summoned a weak smile. “You’re confident, aren’t you?”
“I’m confident that we both feel the same way. Tell me if I’m wrong about that.”
She shook her head. “You’re not wrong.”
Desire darkened his eyes. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but let’s not rush into anything. We have time.” He caught Maggie’s eye and asked for a pot of hot water. “I can see you’re not enjoying that tea. Might as well dilute it a bit.”
He pulled back, shocked at the tears shimmering in her eyes. “What have I said?”
“Nothing.” She laid a hand on his arm. “Everything.” She dug in her purse for a tissue and dabbed at her eyes. “It’s just so long since anyone has taken care of me.”
“I’d like to change that.” He waited for her to recover. “May I ask you another question?”
“Make it an easy one, okay?”
He chuckled. “The first day we met you mentioned a group of strong women. I’d like to hear about them.”
She exhaled, her relief evident. “Now that’s a subject I’ll happily discuss. There are four of us, and we went to school together. It’s a small town and there weren’t very many in our class. I think that fostered a togetherness that you don’t see among today’s kids. We stood up for each other. Still do, as a matter of fact.”
“Four women, and no conflicts?”
“Nothing serious, even though we have four distinct personalities in the group.”
“Sounds interesting. Describe each of them to me in one sentence… two at the most.”
“I’ll have to think about that.” She took a sip of tea. “Okay, here goes. Madison always has to be the center of attention but she’d give you the shirt off her back. Emma’s probably the smartest one and perhaps the least happy. She gave in to pressure from her parents to become a lawyer. And Chloe… she’s hard to describe. She pretends not to care, but she feels everything deeply.”
He listened attentively. “Then there’s you. You’re the glue that holds the group together. You want to make everything right for everyone else.”
“Do I?” She tilted her head to one side as though listening to a whispered confidence. “There are some times that just isn’t possible, though.”
James remained silent.
Lianne shook her head slowly. “For example, Emma lost her son recently. He died of a rare disease that the doctors didn’t diagnose in time.” She took in a ragged breath. “We all went to the funeral of course, but her family had rallied round… understandably… and they wouldn’t give us any time with her. It was as though we’d been shut out of her life, and it was difficult not to feel resentful. At the same time, it wasn’t about us… our group… it was about Emma and her husband.”
“But she knew you were there.”
“Yes, she knew. And she wrote to each of us after, but somehow we felt we’d failed her.”
“I’ve never been part of a group like that, but I think I understand.”
She briefly acknowledged his comment, then continued. “I met someone else recently who would be a great fit with our group. She’s a couple of years younger than us, but she’s a bit of a loner and I think she’d fit right in. Her name is Jade, and she works in the film industry doing hair and makeup.” She nodded to herself. “One of these days I’d like to introduce her to the rest of the girls, but in the meantime it’s the four of us. What do you think?”
“I think she’d be lucky if you took her into the fold, but that’s not what you meant, was it?”
Lianne smiled. “Not exactly.”
“I could quote the old adage about strength in numbers, but it sounds like what you have is something different. I envy your closeness.”
“You must have something similar with your pals.”
“Not really. And if I did, I wouldn’t be very good at sharing my feelings, although there have been times recently…” His voice trailed off.
Lianne turned serious. “I’d say you’ve done well the past few days. I’ve always thought of the British as being reserved. Thank you for proving me wrong.”
“You make it easy.” He reached down and touched the dog. “How did we get so serious?”
“We were being honest.”
“Yes, we were.” He smiled to himself. “I was wondering if you’d like to go on a picnic tomorrow. I know a great place where Sadie can run around and not bother anyone.”
“Sounds great. What time shall we meet?”
“Why don’t I pick you up?”
Lianne hesitated. “No, I’ll meet you at the steps. Tradition and all that.”
“Okay, tomorrow at eleven. I know just the place.”
Chapter Twenty One
Lianne greeted Sadie and got in the Range Rover. “Where are we going?”
“Not far.” James glanced at her quickly then returned his attention to driving. Hedges lined both sides of the narrow road creating a tunnel effect. Lianne closed her eyes as a delivery van flashed past. “We’re going down the coast a few miles. A friend of mine has a farm on a headland that slopes down toward the water. What makes it great for a picnic is that he’s allowed an old beech tree to grow at the end of one of his fences, so there is shade. And the view is… well you’ll have to see it.”
“I don’t think there’s a bad view in all of Cornwall.” It was something her father had said, and she concurred.
She turned silent, admiring the way James handled the Range Rover. His hands on the steering wheel were masculine, his movements competent. A little thrill rippled through her as she imagined those hands on her body. She’d thought of little else since her return from London and although she hadn’t argued against his suggestion to wait, she ached for the intimacy she knew was coming. Maybe it was time to let him know she was ready…
“…and he says he’s never regretted becoming a farmer.” James gave her an odd look, followed by a knowing smile. “You were daydreaming, young lady. A penny for your thoughts.” He slowed down as he spoke and turned into a lane.
Embarrassed by the blush that crept into her cheeks, Lianne couldn’t meet his eyes. “It was nothing,” she murmured. 
“Ah… okay.” A rakish grin lifted the corners of his mouth. “You’re beautiful when you blush, Lianne.” His gaze slid lazily down her throat to the top button of her blouse. “But then to me you’re beautiful all the time.”
She fought to maintain her equilibrium in the intensity of his gaze. “Thank you,” she said softly. “You make me feel beautiful.”
There was no mistaking the hunger in his eyes, then he gathered himself and continued driving down the driveway. They passed the main house and pulled up beside an outbuilding containing a modern looking tractor plus some older pieces of equipment.
“Peter isn’t here today. All he asks is that we close the gates behind us.” He got out and went around to the back of the vehicle. Sadie jumped down eagerly and started sniffing around for signs of other dogs. James reached into the back and unloaded a large basket and a blanket.
“I’ll take the blanket,” said Lianne, eager to help. “Is there anything else?”
“Just yourself.” He grinned boyishly. “Come on, it’s not far.”

* * *

“Oh, James!” Lianne shaded her eyes and looked out to sea. The water sparkled like a sea of diamonds in the reflection of the sun. “It’s breathtaking.”
He tore his eyes away from her and followed the direction of her gaze. “It almost defies description,” he said, slipping an arm around her waist. “I’m glad you like it.”
It felt right standing here with him, his arm around her. She leaned into him, savoring the moment. “Thank you for bringing me here.” She glanced over at the old beech tree, where he’d placed the picnic basket. “With that reflection from the water, I think we’ll be grateful for the shade.”
He looked to the left, back the way they’d come. “As you can see, there isn’t a lot of shelter along this part of the coast. It’s good of Peter to let us use his property.”
“So this is your go-to picnic site?” she said. The moment the words were out, she wished she hadn’t spoken. She didn’t want to know if James had brought other women here. Today was a special day and she didn’t want to share it with anyone – even if it was only the memory of another woman.
“No,” he said, brushing an errant strand of hair from her face. “You’re the first.”
For a moment she thought he was going to kiss her, then he seemed to shake himself. “Come on, let’s spread the blanket. I drove out here and checked while you were in London, and you can still see the view from beneath the tree.”
“You’ve thought of everything.”
“I hope so,” he said, opening the picnic basket. “Are you hungry?”
“I am a bit.” She peered inside. “What have you got?”
“I didn’t make this,” he admitted. “I went to the deli and told them to come up with whatever Americans would take on a picnic.”
Lianne laughed. “That’s sweet of you, but what’s their idea of American picnic fare?”
“They said no picnic is complete without fried chicken.” He looked up at her, a quizzical look on his face. “Is that true?”
“To tell you the truth I don’t know if there is such a thing as typical American picnic food. What else did they send?”
“Let’s see. Potato salad, some sort of pasta salad and green salad. They obviously think you love salads.”
“I do, but my goodness, that’s a lot of salad.”
James held up a bottle of white wine. “And wine of course.”
Lianne made a moue of disappointment. “No dessert?”
“Oh, yes, I forgot. They sent brownies.”
Lianne’s eyes sparkled. “That wine sounds wonderful but did they by any chance include some hot tea?”
He pulled out a thermos. “Yes!”
“Good. I’d love a cup of tea and a brownie.”
“Now? Before the chicken?”
“Absolutely.” She sent him a sideways glance. “Did you ever have backwards meals when you were young?”
He dug out a cup and unscrewed the top of the thermos. “No, I’ve never heard of that, but you can be assured if Gran had heard of it, we’d have done it. She would have loved that.”
“Me too. I mean I never had a backwards meal, but my friend Madison had them all the time. Some of the people in town referred to her parents as left-over hippies, and I suppose that’s true but they’re the best people. Emma and Chloe and I were often jealous because Maddie never seemed to have any rules.” James handed her the tea and opened the lid of the plastic container containing the brownies.
Lianne bit into a brownie and her eyes widened. “These are good!” She took another bite and hummed deep in her throat. “The closest I’ve ever come to making brownies would be from a box.” She licked her fingers and took a sip of tea, aware of his scrutiny.
“What?” she said finally. “You’re staring.”
He stretched out on the blanket, propped up on one arm. “I enjoy watching you. You’re beautiful, Lianne. I hope it’s not politically incorrect to comment on a woman’s looks these days.”
She looked at him steadily for several long moments. “I don’t know too many women who would object to a compliment like that.”
“That’s a relief. For a moment I thought I’d overstepped some invisible boundary.” He looked inside the basket. “Do you mind if I eat some chicken? Can I get you some or would you prefer to serve yourself?”
Lianne held up her tea. “I’ll take my time with this, thanks. You go ahead.”
James ate, looking out to sea from time to time. “Gran made chicken a lot of different ways. She taught me most of them.”
“You cook?” Lianne was intrigued.
He nodded slowly. “I’m a fairly good cook. She made sure I knew all the basics.” He reached for another piece of chicken. “The year before she died she had her kitchen completely remodeled. The designer kept the old-fashioned appearance but included all the mod cons.”
“Mod cons?”
“Modern conveniences. It’s one of the reasons I’m happy to live here instead of the Canary Wharf flat. It’s like a showpiece… too sterile.”
“Do you live in one of those massive white homes up on the hill?”
He shook his head. “No. I’m on the hill all right, but Gran’s home is a beautiful little stone cottage set on about an acre of land. It has the original lead paned windows and in the morning sun the light hits them and fractures in the most amazing manner.” He paused, and a blush crept into his cheeks. “Sorry, I sound like I’m writing sales copy or something.”
“You sold me.” Lianne gave a small sigh. “You know, I wasn’t sure if I was making a mistake when I came here, but I’m glad I did, even if Maddie tried to talk me out of it.”
“Why was that?”
“She can be bossy sometimes. She thought I wasn’t ready to venture out on my own, and made me promise to keep in touch, even if it’s only by text.”
“Sounds like a good friend.”
“She is, but she did something completely out of character just before I left home. I don’t think I’ve mentioned that she recently got a new part in a television series. It hasn’t been released yet, but I think it might be a romantic comedy. Anyway, she got married without any warning.” Her words slowed. “It just wasn’t like her at all.”
“She’s the one who likes to be the center of attention, right?”
“Yes, which makes it even stranger. But to get married without inviting the rest of us… it’s been bothering me ever since she called to tell me.”
“Do you know this man?”
“Not personally, although I’ve heard of him. I think he’s on the verge of being famous.” She reached for her bag. “Here, I have a couple of pictures she sent me.” She handed him the phone and he scrolled through the pictures, stopping at the one of Gardner and studying it for several moments, then turning the phone toward Lianne. “This is her husband?”
“Yes. His name is Gardner Waverly.”
He turned the phone back around and frowned at the image. “Lianne, he’s gay.”
She gave a nervous little laugh. “Gay? No, that can’t be. Why would he…” Her words faded away to nothing. “Why do you say that?”
He tapped the screen. “There’s just something about him that shouts gay. He’s probably a helluva nice guy, but trust me Lianne, he’s gay.” He enlarged the photo and pointed to Gardner’s hand. “Look at that signet pinky ring. How many straight men do you know who wear a ring like that?”
Lianne stared at the image. “You know, Maddie didn’t sound right when we spoke. They hadn’t even been on a honeymoon.” Tears welled up in her eyes. “Oh James, I hope you’re wrong, but I have a feeling you’re not.” She fumbled for some tissues.
James moved to her side, took the tissues and dabbed at her eyes. “I’m sorry.” He pushed her hair back and looked into her eyes. “I can’t bear to see you hurting.” He ran his thumb along her bottom lip. “May I kiss you, Lianne?”
“Yes, please.” She smiled up at him through her tears. “I thought you’d never ask.”
His mouth settled over hers, igniting a swift flare of hunger deep in her belly. Her arms wrapped around his neck, drawing her closer to his long, hard body and in that one quiet heartbeat of time she knew she was meant to make love with this man. His fingers sifted gently through her hair, cradling her head as he deepened the kiss, awakening every nerve ending in her body.
He pulled back, a desperate groan caught in his throat.
“James?” She was vaguely aware of a breeze stirring the leaves above them.
“I knew it would be like this.” A bemused expression spread across his face.
“Like what?” she asked, holding her breath.
“Wildfire.”
“Oh.”
He dropped a string of kisses from her forehead to her neck. She arched up to meet him, not trying to hide the hunger that raced through her body.
“We have to stop.”
His words were starting to get through. “You don’t want me?”
“Are you kidding? I’ve never wanted anything more in my life.” He pulled her into his arms again. “But if we don’t stop now…” He grinned down at her. “I don’t want our first time to be a rushed encounter on a picnic blanket. I want to take my time and make love to you so thoroughly you’ll never forget it.” He sucked in a breath of air and brushed the backs of his fingers against her cheek. “I want you Lianne. It’s as simple as that.”
She nodded, unable to speak for a moment.
“I have an idea,” he said brightening. “Why don’t you come to my place for dinner tonight? I’ll show off my culinary skills.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “And a few of my other skills as well.” He searched her face. “How does that sound?”
“Perfect.”
James began to repack the picnic basket. They’d scarcely put a dent in the food but they’d both lost interest. A whistle brought Sadie running and they loaded up the car and sat for a moment, looking at each other. Something stirred behind his eyes and he leaned across to give her a lingering kiss before starting the car.
“Shall I drop you at your guest house?” he asked. “I don’t even know where you’re staying.”
“Drop me in town if you would. I need some shampoo.”
“I don’t mind waiting for you.”
She touched him lightly on the arm. “I’m fine, James. Just give me your address and tell me what time to be there. I’m looking forward to seeing your place.”
“I’m eager to show it to you. I think you’ll like it.”
“It’s our lucky day,” she said as a parking space opened up near the Boots store. “This town could definitely use more parking.” She picked up her bag and reached for the door handle but didn’t open it. Turning slowly, she faced him, studying his face.
“I want to say something James. No matter what happens between us, I didn’t expect to find happiness when I came to Cornwall. You’ve changed all that, and I want to thank you.”
He slid toward her but she held up a hand. “There’s more.” She could feel tears building behind her eyes, but carried on. “My parents came to Cornwall, that’s true. But there’s another reason I decided to visit.” Something flickered behind his eyes, but he held her gaze. “My husband was killed here in Cornwall.” A tear ran down her face and she ignored it. “He was doing an environmental impact study and he somehow got too close to the ocean and was drowned when a wave caught him and swept him out to sea.”
The disbelief on James’ face was not unexpected. Many people reacted in the same way to the news, but she was glad she’d told him. “That’s why I said I didn’t expect to find happiness. But thanks to you, I have.”
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed.
“Are you all right?” she asked.
“I’m fine.” He managed to avoid her eyes. “It’s just…”
“I know,” she said. “It’s a shock. But I needed you to know.” She gave him a tentative smile. “Do you still want me to come?”
“What? Oh yes, definitely. You have the address?”
She held up the slip of paper. “Right here.”
“Okay.” He was suddenly eager to get going. “I’ll see you this evening.”
Chapter Twenty Two
Lianne studied her reflection in the mirror. Now that she’d had a chance to cool down she hoped she was doing the right thing. Did she really know him well enough to have an intimate relationship? She didn’t even know his last name – hadn’t wanted to know in case the building heat between them flared and burned out. A flutter of anticipation took up residence in her stomach and for a moment she considered not going.
But the truth was, she was falling in love with James. It had happened when she wasn’t looking, creeping up on her like slow moving molasses, sweet and heavy with want. She wanted this more than she dared to admit, and if it turned out to be nothing, then she would have learned a valuable lesson. But she had a feeling that there was something deep here, and she wanted to dive in.
“Yes, I know where that is.” The cab driver studied the address. “Overlook Drive.”
Lianne settled into the back seat. She’d picked up a bottle of wine and found herself clutching it tightly. All she needed was to see him again, to look into the depth of his eyes and everything would be all right.
“Here we are, ma’am.” The cab driver’s words startled her. He’d stopped before a beautiful home that looked like it belonged in a fairy tale. James had said it was lovely, but his description hadn’t done it justice. No wonder he liked living here.
She paid the driver and stood for a moment in the dying light. She couldn’t see any lights on inside, perhaps he’d lit some candles for atmosphere.
She approached along a short paved path that wound through a rose garden. A modern doorbell glowed beside the door and she took a deep breath before pressing it. Chimes sounded inside the house and she forced herself to relax and smile.
Nothing but silence greeted her. She took a few steps back, checking again for lights. There were none. “Don’t be silly,” she said out loud and pressed the doorbell again. “He’s in there, he just didn’t hear the bell.”
As she stood there in the gathering darkness all the happiness she’d built up over the past few weeks began to disintegrate along with her newfound confidence. What could possibly have happened to make him disappear like this?
A cold, hollow sensation started to settle in the pit of her stomach as she thought back to their last conversation in the car. Had he thought she was being too forward when she told him she hadn’t expected to find happiness? Or had the fact that she’d returned to the area where her husband died unsettle him enough to make him flee? What other explanation could there be? One thing was clear – he’d vanished from her life without so much as a by your leave. She clutched at her stomach, suddenly nauseous.
“Excuse me, can I help you?”
Lianne turned to find a woman standing in the adjoining driveway. She didn’t recognize her at first, and then remembered her brief encounter with James’ neighbor. Daphne stood on the other side of the low hedge that separated the two properties, a faint smirk on her face. She considered trying to hide the bottle of wine, but Daphne had probably seen it already. Drawing on her last shred of confidence she greeted the other woman. “Hello Daphne. I was supposed to meet James for dinner but he doesn’t seem to be here.”
Daphne took a step closer. “He left.” She made a vague, airy gesture with her hand. “Seemed to be in a terrible rush.”
It tore Lianne apart to ask, but she had to know. “Did he say where he was going?”
“Hmmm. Let’s see.” Daphne pretended to think. “I asked him if there was anything I could do, but he was in such a state…” Lianne was tempted to clock her with the wine bottle. “He wasn’t very chatty but he kept muttering to that miserable dog of his. I heard him mention London and someone named Cassandra.” She raised an eyebrow. “Competition?”
Lianne ignored the comment. “He didn’t by any chance leave a message?”
A brittle laugh floated over the rose hedge. “Come now darling, you don’t really think he’d leave a message.”
At any other time, Lianne might have felt sorry for Daphne. But right now she wanted to slap the phony smile off her face. Instead, she turned her back on the other woman, walked to the end of the driveway and then turned to look at the house one last time. In spite of the pain that pierced her heart, it was still a beautiful house. It sat quietly in the pale moonlight, unaware that a woman’s dreams had been shattered on its doorstep.

* * *

Daphne watched the American until she was out of sight. Seeing her reaction almost made up for the fact that earlier today James had rebuffed her advances yet again. She reached into her pocket and brought out the note addressed to Lianne he’d left on the door. She turned and went back inside her house. Some men just didn’t have a clue.

* * *

“You’re leaving?” Kathryn Lansdowne must have seen something in Lianne’s eyes, because she didn’t try to change her mind. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
If only. “Nothing, thank you.” Lianne forced a smile. “The driver who picked me up tonight has agreed to drive me to Heathrow in time for my flight to San Francisco.”
“I’m sorry to see you go.”
Lianne paused with one foot on the stairs. “And I’m sorry to be leaving, but something came up and I have to return.” She ran up the stairs to her room, eager to get away from the puzzled expression on her host’s face. She had spent several pleasant evenings with Kathryn, and had gone as far as confiding in her about Brett’s death. A widow herself, the guesthouse owner had been sympathetic. But this was something she couldn’t share. She stood in front of the mirror, thinking that just a few hours ago she’d been almost giddy at the thought of the evening to come. And now she scarcely recognized the woman looking back at her, struggling to hold it together. She turned aside and tossed her suitcase on the bed. She couldn’t allow herself to think of James now. Maybe in a few days she’d wake up and see how foolish she’d been to think that she could have fallen in love so quickly. Maybe. In the meantime she needed to summon every ounce of strength she possessed to get through the next twenty four hours.

* * *

A sigh of relief escaped Lianne’s lips as the Airbus settled down on the San Francisco tarmac and rolled to the gate. She’d slept off and on during the long flight and felt surprisingly alert.
As expected, the flight had been on time and she made a snap decision to pick up her car in the long term lot and drive directly through to Chance. She’d arrive at the Bar T around nine in the evening and had no doubt she’d be tired, but it would be worth it to be in her own home.
As she drove under the Bar T sign, a powerful surge of relief washed over her. She stopped the car and pried her hands from the steering wheel, not realizing she’d been clutching it so tightly. The sky was littered with stars and she stared at them, wondering if James was looking at them and thinking of her. But no… it was early morning in London and it was unlikely that he was spending time thinking of her. She’d promised herself not to think about him on the long flight, but that had been impossible. Between fitful periods of sleep she’d gone over their last conversation again and again, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. She never should have told him that she’d found happiness. Like most men, he’d assumed that her happiness depended on him.
Or was that explanation too easy? Maybe so, but it was the only one that fit. More importantly, she could wrap it up tightly and tuck it away… in a place where it wouldn’t come back to hurt her every time she recalled those golden days on the beach or the newly found desire that unfurled in her stomach at the thought of him. She lowered her forehead to the steering wheel and let the tears fall as memories washed over her. It was too soon to try to make sense of what had happened, but at least she was home now. She raised her head and looked at the front porch lights in the distance. If anything could help to heal a shattered heart, it was the Bar T. She had survived some of the worst days of her life right here; in time she would get over this as well.

* * *

Slumped in a chair beside Cassandra’s hospital bed, James came awake with a start. His phone was vibrating in his pocket; he’d turned off the ring tone. He fumbled for the phone, disappointed to see that it was Cassandra’s mother. He’d been keeping his conversations short since getting here, hoping for a call from Lianne. It was almost unthinkable that he’d known her for over two weeks and didn’t have her phone number or her last name. All he knew was the general area of guest house where she was staying.
“Hello Penny.”
“How is she, James?” Cassandra’s mother had never been one for small talk. After the broken engagement, she could barely bring herself to be civil to her almost son-in-law.
He glanced at the woman in the bed. “She’s still in a coma.”
“Do they know what caused it?”
She wasn’t going to like it, but James owed her nothing. “Apparently it’s a drug overdose. They’ll have the results of the tox screen tomorrow.”
“Impossible! Cassandra doesn’t do drugs.”
James was tempted to ask when she’d last seen her daughter and how much she knew of her behavior, but that would accomplish nothing. He sighed. “I’m just telling you what they said, Penny.”
“Stop calling me Penny,” she snapped. “My name is Penelope as you know full well.”
“Listen… Penelope. Your daughter’s in a coma, you’re on the other side of the world, and we’re fighting about what I should call you?” He stopped before he said more. The woman was impossible.
“You always did think you were too good for my daughter.”
“Really? Then who’s sitting with her right now? Tell me that.”
Her silence shouldn’t have given him so much pleasure, but it did. This was the third phone call from her and she’d yet to say if she was coming back to be with her daughter.
“Are you coming home?”
“No, James, I’m not coming home.” Her tone suggested that he’d asked an impertinent question. “I’ve spoken to her doctor and they say she’s likely to remain unconscious for another week or so. Besides, we’re on a private yacht off the Galapagos and I really don’t want to ask our hosts to ruin their trip for us.”
Of course not… how he could have been so foolish? Was it any wonder Cassandra didn’t have an ounce of compassion, considering she’d been raised by this woman? “I see,” he said slowly, tired of the verbal sparring. “Keep in touch.”
“And you’ll let us know if there’s any change?”
James was tempted not to answer, to pretend that he’d terminated the call. But then he looked down at Cassandra. At one time he’d thought himself in love with her and at this point she needed someone on her side, even a former fiancé.
“Yes, I’ll let you know,” he said wearily. “Goodbye Penelope.”
He slumped back in the chair and checked his phone again. No missed calls. He was exhausted, but he’d been told that the first twenty four hours were critical and he didn’t want to leave.
A small night light illuminated Cassandra’s face and once again he was struck by the changes in her appearance. He shouldn’t be surprised that she’d moved on to drugs, but he was. Lying there in the shadows, she appeared to have aged ten years. She would recover – he was confident of that – and she’d regain most of her former beauty but she would be forever altered by this experience. For her sake he hoped that the change would be for the better.
He woke up again two hours later. A nurse was in the room, making notes on a clipboard.
“How is she?” he asked, trying to swallow around a dry throat.
“No change.” She glanced at him, her expression sympathetic. “You should go home and get some sleep. You look terrible.”
“You’re right,” he said, rising stiffly and walking to the window. The pale morning light painted the adjacent buildings with a monochromatic brush, reflecting how he felt. Without Lianne, all the color had leached from the day and he wasn’t sure if he deserved it any other way.
He thought again of the note he’d left:

Lianne:
Please forgive me but I’ve been called to London. Cassandra has fallen into a coma, her parents are on a private cruise and I’m the closest contact.
We need to talk, but let’s do that in person.
Please call me on my cell at 07700 900767
I’ll be waiting.
James

She would have been disappointed that he hadn’t been there for their dinner, but she would understand. Why hadn’t she called? It was time to take matters into his own hands.
He entered his flat, popped a pod into the coffee maker and turned on his laptop. He didn’t know the name of the guest house where she’d been staying, but he knew the general area, and there were only so many. He looked them up and started calling. Realizing she wasn’t about to get a walk anytime soon, Sadie flopped down beside him.
“Good morning, By the Sea Guesthouse. Kathryn Lansdowne speaking.”
“Good morning Mrs. Lansdowne, this is James Dolan. I live up on Overlook Drive and I’m looking for someone who may be a guest at your place. Her name is Lianne. I’m afraid I don’t know her last name.”
There was a long, uncomfortable pause. “What did you say your name was?”
“James Dolan. Lianne and I met on the second day she was here.”
“Well I’m sorry, Mr. Dolan, but Lianne isn’t here.”
He was about to thank her and hang up but there was something in the woman’s voice. “Do you mean she isn’t a guest there or that she’s out?”
“Lianne was a guest here, but she’s gone.” There was a chill in her voice, but James was so relieved he didn’t hear it.
“I’m so glad I found her. Could I perhaps leave a message?” The woman’s words sunk in a moment later. “Wait. What do you mean, she’s gone?”
“I’m sorry Mr. Dolan, but Lianne left abruptly last evening.”
James felt a glimmer of hope at her words. “Did she say where she was going? London perhaps?”
“Mr. Dolan, I shouldn’t even be discussing one of our guests with you, but I can tell you that she went home. I don’t know what happened between the two of you, but she was extremely upset.”
“Home?” He stared at his laptop as though it might hold some answers. “But why? We were supposed to meet but I left her a message explaining what happened.”
“I’m sorry Mr. Dolan, but I’ve said too much already.” Her tone brooked no argument.
“Right. Of course. Thank you.” He held the phone to his ear for a moment in case she said something else, but the call had been terminated. He shook his head in disbelief. 
“She’s gone,” he said aloud. Sadie whined softly and thumped her tail.
James grabbed his coffee and headed to the bathroom. He’d been in these clothes much too long, and he needed a shower.
He stripped off his clothes, avoiding the eyes of the man in the mirror. Was it really only yesterday that his life had done a one-eighty?
James Dolan didn’t believe in destiny any more than he believed in coincidence. Not wanting to offend his friends, he’d avoided philosophical discussions where they claimed that one’s path in life was pre-determined. None of that mumbo-jumbo for him; he preferred logic and analytics. That is until yesterday, when Lianne’s words had torn open a wound that was just beginning to heal.
The shower was hot when he stepped in and leaned against the far wall, letting the stinging needles of water punish him. He didn’t want to remember… it had taken him two years to accept what had happened, even though he knew he’d never forget.
Chapter Twenty Three
30 months ago.
“Come on, man. You’re not serious.” Liam leaned against the bar, one foot on the brass rail. The pub could have been lifted directly out of any small town in the country and inserted here, in one of the most modern areas of London. The effort to recreate the atmosphere seemed to be working, as the establishment was always crammed with people from the financial sector. James caught the bartender’s eye and indicated another two beers.
“Of course I’m serious.” James traced the Guinness logo with a forefinger, avoiding his friend’s eyes. “I gave my notice today.”
Liam groaned. “It won’t be the same. You know how much I rely on your recommendations.”
“You’ll do fine.” That much was true. Liam hadn’t worked his way to the top by relying on others. He was one of the few people James admired and trusted.
“So what are you going to do down there? In case you hadn’t heard, pirating went out of fashion a long time ago.”
“Thanks for the history lesson.” James held up his beer and studied his friend through the liquid. “First of all, I’m going to see that my grandmother is taken care of. I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for her. You know that.”
“I admire you for that, man. Not many around here would give up their career for a family member.”
“I’m not necessarily giving up my career. Once this business with Gran is settled, I’ll probably do some freelance work.”
“That’s good to know but in the meantime, I have something for you to consider.”
James held up a hand. “I don’t think so. I don’t want any conflict of interest.”
“It’s not that, you arse. I was thinking of you for a babysitting job.”
James gave him a blank stare.
“Grace and I were out for dinner last night with one of her co-workers and her husband.” He rolled his eyes. “I was bored senseless until he started talking about this new tech start-up he’s involved with. They’re looking into producing power from wave action.”
“Sounds interesting. I assume you’re going to get to the point sometime tonight.”
“Will you just listen? The start-up has hired an American firm to do an environmental impact study. A favorable study goes a long way toward getting government approval these days.”
James knew all this. What was Liam getting at?
“The area they’re looking at is Cornwall. A chap is coming over from the States to do the study and they need someone to show him around. Since you know the area so well I thought of you right away.”
James shook his head. “They can get anyone to do that. Why me?”
“They want someone who can relate to this fellow. Your background researching energy stocks makes you the perfect candidate.”
James drained his beer. “I admit, it sounds interesting. What would I have to do?”
“Basically, you’d take him where he wants to go.”
“You mean a glorified taxi driver?”
“I doubt that very many taxi drivers would be able to communicate with this fellow on any level. And they don’t know the peninsula the way you do.”
“Do you know what area he’s concentrating on?”
“The western coast, as far as I know, but he plans to stay at Plymouth.”
James nodded. “He could easily get down to Falmouth from there as well.
“And it’s convenient for you in Looe.” Liam paused. “So you’ll consider it?”
“I think so.” James looked inside his empty glass but shook his head when Liam raised a brow. “Gran will be pleased to see me doing something. She accepts the fact that she needs help but at the same time she’s concerned about me leaving my job.”
“Can I tell him you’re on board?”
“Give me a day to think about it but as of now the answer is yes.”

* * *

James Dolan met Brett Larsen at Heathrow and tossed his bags into the back of the Range Rover. Even after the long flight, the American was bright and observant. James imagined a high speed camera in Brett’s mind, capturing everything he saw for future analysis.
They wasted very little time introducing themselves and soon discovered that they had much in common, mostly due to their mutual background in research. By the time they arrived at Brett’s hotel in Plymouth, James knew that he would enjoy ferrying the American around from place to place.
Over the next few weeks they spent more time together than James had anticipated. Brett’s only complaint was that his wife hadn’t been able to accompany him due to a family emergency. Apparently Lois had the unenviable task of correlating Brett’s notes… and she did it well, according to the environmentalist. “Thank goodness she’ll be here in about ten days,” he said with a grin. “You’ll like her.”
“I’m sure I will.”

* * *

James dragged himself into the kitchen and headed straight for the coffee pot. “Morning, Gran.”
His grandmother glanced up from the crossword puzzle she’d been working on. “You look like you didn’t sleep a wink.”
“Close,” he said, taking a life-giving sip of coffee. “I need to check the windows in my bedroom. They rattled all night in that wind.”
“Hmmm.” Her attention was back on the puzzle. “I don’t imagine you’ll be taking the American out today. The rain is almost sideways.”
James peered out. “I see what you mean. I wonder if –” His cell phone cut off his words. He answered and listened for a few moments. “You’re sure you want to go out in this? Between the rain and the wind, it’s going to be miserable.”
Brett’s enthusiasm was hard to resist. “I know and that’s why I need to see it like this. To get a feeling for how the device might behave in unpredictable swells.”
“Okay, then.” James checked his watch. “I’ll pick you up in half an hour.”
“Really?” said Gran, still immersed in her puzzle. “The man must be mad.”
James was inclined to agree, but going out today made sense in an odd, take-no-prisoners way. “Have you seen my rain slicker?”
“It’s hanging by the back door, I should imagine. Do be careful out there, James.”
He gave her a quick kiss on her cheek, inhaling her familiar powdery scent. “I will Gran. See you later.”
Brett had already chosen a spot on the west coast for his observations. “It’s that spot we saw the other day, remember?”
“Refresh my mind.”
“There’s a headland that creates the north part of a cove. The rock formation is a narrow series of steppes reaching out into the ocean. The wave action should be intense on a day like today.”
“That’s what I’m worried about,” muttered James. “The ocean’s unpredictable on this side of the peninsula.”
“We’ll be fine.” Brett squinted through the windshield, not in the least deterred by the downpour. “Slow down, I see the turn up ahead.”
James pulled off the main road. There was an unpaved parking lot of sorts, but it would do. “I’m going to turn around,” he said, eyeing the rapidly filling potholes.
“I’ll jump out.” Brett grasped the door handle and pushed against the force of the wind. “This is great,” he yelled.
James shook his head. “I think we should leave it for another day.”
Brett held up a hand, his fingers spread. “Five minutes. Just give me five minutes.” His words were snatched away by the wind, but James understood the message. Brett closed the door and strode toward the narrow headland.
James parked quickly then fumbled in the back for his rain slicker. He doubted it would do much good, but the bright yellow vinyl would at least make him visible.
Brett had made his way down to the second level in the few moments it had taken James to turn the vehicle around and don protection. The man possessed an uncanny ability to concentrate and at the moment he was standing perfectly still in spite of the churning waves just below where he stood.
And then James saw it. A massive surge of water bearing down directly on the headland. “James! Look out!” he yelled, even though he knew his words were being whipped from his mouth and borne away on the wind.
It seemed to happen in slow motion, although when James replayed it over and over in his mind he knew that only a few seconds had elapsed. The ocean rose inexorably, pushed up and forward by some invisible force. “Brett!” he yelled again, running toward the other man and yet knowing he’d be too late. The other man’s head was tilted a few degrees to the side, as though listening to a sound only he could hear.
And then the wave took him. One moment he was standing there and the next he’d been caught up in the massive surge, and disappeared. Water spilled over the sides of the promontory where he’d been standing, draining back into the ocean as though nothing had happened.
Stunned, James ran as close to the water’s edge as he dared, peering down into the frothy water below. The rain continued to fall and the wind shrieked, but there was no evidence of the wave, and none of Brett. He watched the foaming water for a long time, expecting to see a bobbing head and planning how he would go about rescuing the American.
After about ten frantic minutes of walking back and forth along the shoreline, reality set in and a sob was torn from his throat. He needed to report this to someone. He ran back to his vehicle, leaned against the exterior and heaved, emptying his stomach.
“Nice move Dolan,” he muttered to himself, wiping at his mouth with one hand and wrenching the door open with the other. He climbed in, attempted to compose himself and made the call.
The next few days passed in a blur. He answered questions for what seemed like hours, often repeating his story for different agencies several times in one day. When at last they couldn’t think of anything else to ask he was sent home, where he almost collapsed. His grandmother turned from the one needing help to the caregiver, increasing his guilt even more.
She asked him no questions, knowing that in time he would tell her what happened. And he did, even though he still couldn’t wrap his head around it.
“I don’t deserve your sympathy,” he’d said when she tried to comfort him. “Brett is dead because of me.” By now they’d recovered the body and James had been required to make the identification. “I keep telling myself I should have done more to warn him.”
“What more could you have done?” she asked calmly.
James squirmed. The day’s events played out over and over in his mind, haunting him.
“I’m not sure,” he said bleakly. “But I’ll never stop wondering.”
“Listen to me lad.” She placed a cup of tea in front of him then gave his shoulder an affectionate squeeze. “You’ll never forget this. It will be with you forever. In time the pain will lessen, but you’ve had the misfortune of being caught up in a tragedy and nothing can change that. You’re a strong man, an intelligent man, and a good man. You know in your heart that you weren’t responsible for this man’s death and I’m counting on you not to let this ruin the rest of your life.” She pointed to the tea. “Now drink that and then get some sleep. I don’t want you passing out on my kitchen floor.”

* * *

James pushed off from the shower wall and turned off the now cold water. He could still see the spark in his grandmother’s eyes when she’d made that speech. God, he missed her.
He wiped the steam from the mirror with his towel and studied his reflection. He looked almost as bad now as he had back then, after Brett’s death. First he’d lost Brett, and now he’d lost Lianne. He had no idea why Brett had called her Lois. Probably a childhood nickname, but that didn’t matter now.
He was fairly sure that Lois, or Lianne, or whatever her name was, would forgive him for supporting Cassie. She might not like it but she would understand.
But she’d never forgive him if she learned that he was responsible for the death of her husband. Because he was responsible. No matter what everyone said, he’d never stopped believing that he could have done more.
Maybe he’d been wrong all these years. Maybe there was such a thing as destiny.
And this was his punishment.
Chapter Twenty Four
Lianne rolled down her car window and took a deep breath. It was the same every time she came home… her first breath of air was like slipping into an old, soft pair of pajamas. Familiar and comforting. She turned off the car lights and made her way slowly down the driveway, navigating by starlight and memory. No sense in disturbing Ramona and Carlos; she’d see them soon enough tomorrow.

* * *

It was well after ten when she awoke feeling surprisingly rested. She’d taken one of the sleeping pills her doctor had prescribed after Brett’s death. Unsure if it would work, she’d swallowed it anyway… couldn’t hurt.
Emerging from a long shower, she slipped into her jeans and pale blue denim shirt and ran lightly down the stairs. The smell of fresh coffee filled the kitchen; Ramona must have put it on when she heard the shower. She grabbed a mug and took it out onto the back steps.
This is where I belong she told herself, watching idly as Ramona worked her way through the vegetable garden searching for tomato horn worms. As she watched, the housekeeper found one and crushed it ruthlessly beneath her foot. There was something to be said for tradition – Ramona had always taken a perverse pleasure in finding and destroying the pests. She looked up now and spotted Lianne, her familiar face wreathed in smiles.
“Welcome home.”
Lianne lifted her coffee mug in salute. “It’s good to be home.” That much was true.
The housekeeper moved slowly back toward the house, stopping now and then to turn over a leaf. Standing at the base of the steps, she pulled two large green tomatoes from the voluminous pockets of her apron.
“Thought I’d make fried green tomatoes for Carlos tonight. Shall I make extra for you?”
Lianne laughed. Ramona had been trying to tempt her for years, but hadn’t succeeded. “Not tonight, Ramona.” A yawn caught her by surprise and she clapped a hand over her mouth. “It’ll take a couple of days to get my internal time clock adjusted.”
Ramona shrugged. “Take your time. Not much happening around here.”
“How is Carlos?”
“The same.” A frown creased her normally placid brow. “Why do men pretend they’re not getting old? He pulled a muscle last week lifting a hay bale. Didn’t admit it for several days until I went to give him a hug and he pulled away.” 
“He can retire any time he wants. You know that. We can hire someone to do the chores and he’d be free to… what? What would he do?”
Ramona spread her hands. “Exactly. If he didn’t have this ranch he’d be lost.”
Lianne nodded her understanding. “I feel the same way.” She set down her now-empty coffee mug and stretched. “I need something to do, something I can sink my teeth into but until I figure out what that ‘something’ is, I’m going to saddle Zora, take him for a ride. No time like the present to get back into a routine.”
She was aware of Ramona’s eyes on her as she walked toward the stables. The housekeeper didn’t have a college degree or any advanced education that Lianne knew of, but her wisdom surpassed anything that could be learned from books. She knew that something had happened, that something was troubling Lianne, but was wise enough not to pry. If Lianne chose to share she would listen, offering an opinion only if asked.
James would like her. The thought came out of nowhere, almost stopping Lianne in her tracks. It was true, she thought with a smile. He would like her. Too bad they’d never meet.
Zora pretended not to recognize her when she approached his stall. She laughed at his antics and fussed over him for a few minutes before saddling him and heading out.
The first thing she noticed was that there had been some good rains while she’d been away. She headed for a section of land that hadn’t been grazed for several months and gasped at the beauty laid out before her. The area had been taken over by wildflowers and was now carpeted in swathes of orange, yellow and pale lavender. She’d read recently about native grasses choking out the wildflowers and knew that eventually that might happen here, but in the meantime she sat quietly in the saddle, absorbing nature’s color palette.
“Come,” she clucked, urging Zora forward. “Let’s head up to the lookout so we can get a better view.” The trail to the top had almost grown over from disuse. Lianne and her father had come here often, partly out of pride of ownership but also because Travis felt that this particular section of land was an excellent indicator of the health of his entire ranch. She made a silent vow to come back here more often.
A red-tailed hawk lifted off from the branch of a dead tree and soared overhead, its high-pitched call floating down into the valley bottom. 
“I love this place,” she said aloud, barely able to speak over the lump in her throat. Although she’d never told him, she had dreamed of bringing James to this exact spot. He’d grown up in one of the most beautiful places in England but she’d wanted to show him a different sort of beauty. She got down from her horse, left him to graze and walked to a flat rock outcrop that had often served as a seat when she and her father visited. In the valley bottom the glint of sun on water marked the passage of the river. This was her favorite place in the world, and her heart ached that she would never show it to the man she’d fallen in love with. Hand in hand she’d walked with him on the beaches of Cornwall and she’d wanted to do the same here, in her version of heaven.
She sat down and let her gaze roam over the familiar terrain without really seeing it. Over the past couple of days she’d come to the conclusion that she’d frightened him off by being too honest. Her choice of words had been regrettable, but she’d spoken the truth. She had rediscovered happiness in Cornwall and James had been a large part of it.
But to leave so abruptly, without a word of goodbye… that didn’t seem like the James she knew.
Or did she know him at all? Faced with the obvious answer, a strangled laugh rose in her throat. Who had she been kidding? She’d allowed herself to fall in love and that had frightened him away, leaving her with nothing more than a glimpse of what might have been, plus a bruised and battered heart. At least no one had died in the process.
So why did it feel that way?
Chapter Twenty Five
It was two weeks since Lianne had come home. She settled into her former schedule which comprised a few hours of paperwork each week plus some time each day doing chores with Carlos. He didn’t ask for help, but they’d worked together so long it had become second nature.
Yesterday she’d made it through the entire day without thinking of James. But it was in the evening hours, when she re-established her habit of sitting on the front porch that the memories crowded in. Common sense told her that in time they would fade. Those golden days would become part of her past, prompting a wistful smile. Someday.
She picked up the can of Diet Coke, surprised that it was empty. She’d worked hard today, if three hours out checking the fences could be termed hard work. But it had been enough to raise a thirst and she stood up to head inside for another drink when headlights appeared in the distance. They disappeared for a moment as the vehicle navigated the low spot in the driveway and then re-appeared, advancing quickly and pulling up to the right of the house.
Still holding the empty soda can Lianne approached the railing as the driver’s side door opened.
“Jade!” The make-up artist was the last person she expected to see, but also one of the most welcome. “I didn’t know you were in town.”
“Hi Lianne.” Jade approached tentatively. “May I come up?”
“Of course! You don’t have to ask, you know that.” Lianne opened her arms and gave the younger woman a hug. “To tell you the truth, I can use the company.”
Gripping Jade’s shoulders, Lianne held her away. “Are you okay? You look like you’ve had the stuffing knocked out of you.”
A semblance of a smile flitted across Jade’s face. “I am now.” She took a quick look around. “I missed this place, you know?”
“Did you miss it enough to bring me a Coke while you’re inside getting one for yourself?” Lianne held up her empty can. “Might as well put you to work.”
Jade grinned, took the can and opened the screen door. “Be right back.”

* * *

Lianne waited a few beats after they’d settled. “I’m glad you’re back,” she said. “I thought you’d still be in Los Angeles, or is the movie finished? Or wrapped or whatever they say?”
Another faint smile. “It’s wrapped.” Something luminous drifted across her face. “I think it’s going to be good, in spite of the fact that it’s a set formula piece.”
Lianne frowned.
“Means it’s a story that’s been told many times but each version has a slightly different spin.”
“So what makes this version stand out?”
Jade gave an audible sigh. “Zach Crawford.”
Lianne waited but Jade offered nothing further.
“Do I detect something more than a professional interest?”
Jade was suddenly fascinated by the contents of her glass. “It’s complicated,” she said finally.
“Everybody says that.” Lianne held up a hand. “But I get it. You don’t want to talk about it.”
“Not really.” Jade looked up, her relief evident. “Thanks, Lianne.”
They fell silent for several minutes, watching the antics of a Nighthawk as it gathered insects in its wide beak. The fledgling Nighthawks would be well fed tonight.
Jade finally spoke. “How was Cornwall?”
“It was great,” said Lianne a little too quickly.
Jade looked up sharply.
“I came home a bit sooner than planned, but I was glad I went. Everything Dad and Brett said about the breathtaking scenery is true.”
“Scenery!” Jade tipped up the Coke can and waited for the last drop to fall into her glass. “You met someone, didn’t you?”
Lianne went still. “How can you tell?”
Jade crushed her can and placed it precisely beside her glass on the side table. “Because I see myself in you. ‘It takes one to know one.’ Isn’t that what they say?” She gave a dry, mirthless laugh. “And I can tell you don’t want to talk about it either.”
Lianne shook her head. “Maybe someday,” she said. “Right now I feel rather foolish.”
“Gotcha.”
Lianne feigned a brightness she didn’t feel. “Change of subject,” she said. “Where are you living?”
“I found a couple of rooms downtown over the hardware store. It’s not much, but they were willing to rent it out on a weekly basis, so that works for me. And Gabby has asked me to give her a hand when she gets busy.”
“Which is how often?”
“As far as I can tell, not often, but I’ve only been back a few days. I don’t know how she keeps a hairdressing salon going in this town. On the bright side, I’m assisting her with a wedding this coming weekend and I’ll be helping some of the women with their makeup. I’d do that for free, but she’s going to charge a nominal amount.”
“Why don’t you stay here at the ranch? It’ll be like old times.”
“Oh, no. I couldn’t possibly. I mean…” Jade’s voice trailed off. “Really?”
“Yes, really. And don’t even think about offering to pay rent.”
“You don’t need to ask me twice. I’d love that.” In the golden light from inside the house the tension on Jade’s face disappeared. “Is it okay if I bring my stuff over on the weekend – after I help Gabby with the wedding?”
“That’s fine… whenever.”
Jade stood up, collected the empty cans and glasses and went into the house. “All of a sudden things are looking up,” she said from behind the screen door. “Thanks again.”

* * *

Lianne was concentrating on entering the monthly figures into the computer when her cell phone rang.
“Hi Jade. What’s up?”
“Where are you?”
“I’m at home. Why?”
“You’ve got to turn on the television. Your friend Maddie is on.”
Lianne untangled her feet and headed for the living room. “Maddie’s new series is on?”
“No, she’s on that Entertainment Channel. They must have it on a continuous loop or something because it keeps playing over and over. Check it out and call me back.”
“Is she…” But Jade had hung up.
Lianne turned on the television. Curiosity turned to disbelief as Lianne stared at the screen. Sickened by what she saw, she took a deep breath and sat down to watch it from the beginning.
The show’s host, a sleek woman with cool grey eyes stood and extended her hand. “It’s a pleasure to welcome Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Waverly to the show. Thank you for choosing Trending Now for your first interview as a couple.”
Gardner, elegantly turned out as usual, towered over Maddie and she looked up at him, her expression almost shy. “Thank you Andrea,” she said, and pretended not to notice when the host dropped her hand like a hot potato and turned back to Gardner.
“I must say you took all of Hollywood by surprise with your wedding. How long has it been? Over a month if I’m not mistaken.”
“That’s right.” Gardner settled Madison into the spot closest to the host then sat beside her, one arm along the couch at her back. “Maddie and I both have busy schedules and we didn’t want to put it off any longer.”
“Did you bring us any pictures?” the host asked coyly. “Or can you at least tell us where you spent your honeymoon?”
Gardner laughed easily. “Afraid not on both counts.”
“My, my. You are secretive.”
Gardner toyed with one of Madison’s curls, his gesture affectionate. “Not secretive at all. The truth is we haven’t had time for a honeymoon yet.” He gave a self-effacing laugh. “See how smoothly I worked that in? This is where I plug the new series and tell you how it’s taking up all of our time.”
“I understand.” She glanced down at her notes. “I see that test audiences are giving the series high ratings. You must be pleased.”
“We are, yes. Time will tell, but if the show is a hit, it will be thanks to Raleigh Durrance.”
“Raleigh Durrance is the show runner, right?”
“That’s right. It’s his vision that drives the show.”
Andrea’s eyes glittered. “I understand that you and Raleigh have been friends for a long time.”
Gardner’s smile began to falter. “A long time, yes.” He toyed with the signet ring on his pinky.
“As a matter of fact…” Andrea’s gaze rested on Madison for a moment, then tracked back toward Gardner. “I understand that your connection with Raleigh goes much deeper than friendship.”
For a moment Lianne was back in Cornwall on a picnic blanket. ‘He’s gay.’ James’ words echoed in her mind and Lianne wished with all her heart that he’d been wrong.
Returning to the present, Lianne couldn’t have been prouder of Madison. Her friend’s smile faltered but she sat a little taller in her seat as the host began to tear her life apart in front of millions of people.
Gardner’s hand brushed against Maddie’s back. It was a small gesture of support, and Lianne couldn’t help liking him for it. “If you have something to say about my friendship with Raleigh, I’d prefer that you come right out and say it.”
“ ‘come right out’.” Andrea sat back triumphantly. “Prophetic words, wouldn’t you say?”
Gardner opened his mouth to reply but a disturbance off-camera caught his attention. He and Madison turned together as Raleigh Durrance strode onto the set.
The show runner was every bit as handsome as Gardner, even with sparks of anger flashing from his eyes. He addressed the host directly, ignoring Gardner and Madison. “I wasn’t aware that you were stepping down as host of this show.” His jaw was clenched so tightly he could barely speak.
Andrea gave a short little laugh. “I’m not sure where you heard that, but it couldn’t be farther from the truth.”
“I see.” Raleigh nodded gravely as though her words mattered to him. “Then I’m wondering why you would put your career in jeopardy by revealing a guest’s personal information in this manner. You must know that after today there isn’t a person in Hollywood who will agree to be on your show.” He flicked a non-existent piece of lint from his suit. “At least none that matter.”
Andrea, desperate to retake control of the interview, lashed out. “Then do you deny that you and Gardner Waverly have had a relationship for the past ten years?” She glared at Gardner. “An intimate relationship?”
Raleigh turned to the camera, ignoring the host. “Gardner and I, along with Madison, intended to make our relationship public within the next few months. If we had realized that Trending Now was this desperate for viewers, we would have avoided this show like the plague, but the damage is done.” He turned back to Andrea. “I’m not sure what you hoped to accomplish, but the only one you’ve really hurt is Madison.”
“Madison.” Suddenly Maddie was Andrea’s best friend. “How does it feel to find out that your husband is in love with someone else? And that his lover is a man?”
Madison rose to her feet. Gardner offered his hand but she ignored it, wobbling precariously on her high heels.
“How does it feel?” she asked, steadying herself. “It feels like my world has turned upside down. But I do know one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“I know that you’re a bitch. I also know that in a few days my world will right itself, but you’ll still be a bitch.” With a toss of her curls she walked off the set.
Gardner rose, ripped off his mic and tossed it down. “Winston Churchill couldn’t have said it better.” Turning his back on the cameras, he and Raleigh followed Maddie off the set.
“You go, girl.” Lianne couldn’t help but smile.
Her ring tone sounded and she grabbed the phone. “Maddie!” she cried. “I just saw it.”
“How did I look?” Maddie’s voice was brittle. Lianne sensed she was barely holding it together.
“Fabulous, of course. Tell me what I can do.”
Lianne could hear muffled voices in the background. “I’m back at the set but I need to get out of here.”
“Come to the ranch if you like. You can be private here.”
“I was hoping you’d say that. I’ll throw some clothes in a suitcase and leave right away. See you tomorrow, probably late afternoon.”
“That works for me. I’m having my hair done in the morning, but that’s all.”
“Would you mind stocking up on some fresh veggies?” She gave a short, dry laugh. “My personal life may have just imploded, but that’s no reason to stop taking care of myself. By the way, are you still a lousy cook?”
“Of course. I wouldn’t want to disappoint you.”
“At least you’re consistent. I’ll pick up some seafood on the way. I’ll be there sometime in the afternoon.”
“Are you okay to drive?”
“I’ll be fine once I get out of this zoo. Thanks, Li. Love you.”
“I love you too, Mads. Drive carefully.” The last words went unheard. Madison had already disconnected.
Chapter Twenty Six
“So what do I say when people ask me about Maddie?” Gabby was putting the final touches on Lianne’s haircut.
“Are people asking already?”
Gabby stood back and admired her handiwork. “Not the locals so much but two different out-of-towners asked about her today.”
Lianne thought for a moment. “Just say you don’t know where she is.” She held the hairdresser’s gaze in the mirror. “Can you do that?”
Gabby nodded. “I can do that.” A blush rose into her cheeks. “People think I’m the town gossip, but I can keep this quiet.”
“I know you can Gabby. I also know that Madison will appreciate your discretion.”
“Mum’s the word.”

* * *

It wasn’t until they’d finished putting away the groceries that Madison mentioned the events of the past few days. She turned to Lianne, a sheen of tears in her eyes.
“Sometimes I wonder if I dreamed it. It’s so surreal… you know?” She looked hopefully at Lianne as though her friend might confirm that it had indeed been a dream.
“I confess I thought the same after I saw it on television. I had to watch a second time to make sure I hadn’t imagined the whole thing.”
Madison gave a dry, mirthless laugh. “I was there and I thought I imagined it.” She braced her hands on the counter and stared out the kitchen window. “Do you mind if we don’t talk about it for a while?” She shot Lianne a quick glance. “I’ll tell you eventually, but right now I’m too raw.”
Lianne was tempted to hug her friend but knew that she was barely holding herself together. “Take your time Mads. There’s some wonderful bath oil upstairs if you’d like a bath.”
Madison nodded and headed for the stairs. As she passed Lianne she gripped her arm so tightly that Lianne knew she’d have a bruise the next day. A small price to pay, considering how her friend must be feeling.
Lianne waited for several minutes until she was sure that Madison was availing herself of the bath, then did a quick inventory of food supplies. Maddie had taken it upon herself to invite Emma and Chloe, which meant that there would be five of them including Jade. She jotted down a few notes about items they might need. The extra guests were unexpected but what Madison said was true; they were all hurting in one way or another.

* * *

Emma’s announcement the next day came as a surprise. None of the group had been aware that she and Dan had separated. The loss of her son had been such a shock that they hadn’t thought much beyond that, but they should have expected something like this… it happened often enough after the death of a child. The good news was that Emma had resigned from the law firm. She didn’t need the pressure at this time in her life.
From all outward appearances, Chloe seemed to be doing well since the death of her husband. It had been well over a year ago… no one knew precisely, as she hadn’t informed her friends about Boyd’s fatal car accident. There was a story there; Lianne wasn’t sure if they’d hear it, but time would tell.
Chapter Twenty Seven
No one could say precisely when the idea to bring the town back to life went from idle chatter to reality. In retrospect, each of the five friends had been looking for something meaningful to do with their lives, and the challenge was irresistible.
 “It makes perfect sense,” said Madison, taking center stage as usual. “Here we are, five talented women with unique skill sets. What’s that saying these days? ‘If you want it done, hire a woman?’ For once, they’re right. Our little town is dying in front of our eyes, but we’ve been given the means to turn it around thanks to the facelift by the movie people. I say let’s use it to our advantage and bring people in. I’m confident that eventually enough people will see the potential and stay to open businesses.” She turned to Chloe. “And thanks to your generous donation, we can do it right.” Her expression turned serious. “Ten million dollars goes a long way but you realize you’re going to have to do more than write a check, don’t you? We need you to act like a central cog in this… this whatever it is. Someone has to co-ordinate everything.”
“I’m your man. Or woman.” Chloe’s eyes sparkled with enthusiasm. “And I’m hoping that I can count on Lianne to help me.” She cocked her head sideways. “What about you, Mads? Will your role be promoting the themed weddings?”
Maddie went still and for a moment Lianne thought she might refuse. “Yes, but I’m looking at the bigger picture. I see a perfect opportunity for cross-promoting. The weddings bring in business for the hotel, for Jade and Gabby’s new Salon and Spa, perhaps even for a local photographer and a local florist. I have a feeling the wedding business will build on itself. But the project that has me excited is buying the old movie house and showing free movies.”
Emma had listened quietly to the ideas flying back and forth. “I’m not sure if my contribution will bring in new residents, but I like the idea of offering free legal services to those who need it. I’m thinking what I might do is print up a rate card explaining that my clients are welcome to pay what they can afford. People in this area are proud and we don’t want to take away their dignity. But on the other hand I don’t want anyone to go without representation if they can’t afford it.” She thought for a moment. “I’ll think of a good way to say it.”
“You’re right,” said Lianne. “Your efforts might not bring in new residents immediately, but Chance will become known as a good town to live in. It can’t be all free stuff. There has to be some substance behind the flash. I think we’ll all be surprised at the response.”
Emma smiled. “I hope so. I really hope so.”

* * *

Lianne and Chloe’s first piece of business was to investigate the empty shop beside Gabby’s Clip and Curl. “I’m not sure if it’s big enough,” said Chloe after a walk-thru with the real estate agent. They had agreed to meet the estate agent in half an hour at the coffee shop, but in the meantime they walked across the street to get a wider view of the building. “I think we should buy the whole building.” She pointed to the left. “Emma’s office can be down there at that end, and trust me, if there’s any empty space left over we can rent it out before you can say redecorate.”
Lianne grinned. “You’re going to make that agent’s day.”
Chloe winked. “Wait until she hears that we want to buy the old movie theatre.”

* * *

The women gathered every evening on the front porch of the ranch house to bring each other up to date. This soon became Lianne’s favorite time of day as each person reported on their progress.
The group agreed that Jade’s partnership with Gabby should be the first piece of business for Emma. Before the ink was dry on the contract, Lianne had contacted Ben Hayward who agreed to be their general contractor for the various projects under consideration.
“Hiring Ben can be the first of many local hires,” said Lianne, visiting Jade and Gabby amid the renovations taking place for the future Spa. “He wants to hire as many local tradesmen as possible.”
Ben was knocking out a portion of the wall and Jade and Gabby drew Lianne outside to get away from the noise. “Ben told us this morning that they’d been considering leaving town, but after we told him your ideas the other day they had a family meeting and decided to stay.”
Lianne’s heart swelled with pride. “Yes!” she said, with an accompanying fist pump. “That’s exactly what we had in mind.”

* * *

The group was sitting on the porch enjoying a post-dinner coffee when a pair of headlights turned in.
“That looks like my car,” said Chloe as the vehicle drew closer. Bella, in her usual spot under Chloe’s chair raised her head and thumped her tail but didn’t move.
The driver stepped out and spoke to Chloe. “I got tired of waiting for you to come home,” he said by way of greeting. His grin took them all in. “Hi, I’m Damon, Chloe’s brother.”
Madison rose. “Welcome, Damon. Have you had your supper?”
“Holy crap, it’s Madison Waverly. A lot of people are wondering where you are.”
“Well they won’t find out from you, will they?”
“Find out what?” He held out a hand. “I saw that interview, ma’am. You were amazing.”
Madison looked him in the eye. “I was, wasn’t I? Now have you had supper or not?”
Damon shrugged. “I could eat.”
Madison rolled her eyes. “He could eat. Sit there, I’ll be right back.”
Damon spotted Bella and his eyes lit up. “How is she?” he asked Chloe.
“She’s fine.” Chloe waited for the other shoe to drop but he said nothing. “She wants to stay with me, Damon.”
He nodded. “I thought as much. I brought her doggie bed and some dishes. Not much else to bring, really.”
“Thank you.” Chloe’s hand dropped down and stroked the dog on the head. “She’s happy here.”
“I can see that.” He looked up as Madison came out with a plate of food. “What’s not to like?”
Chloe filled him in on the town and what they’d accomplished so far. He stopped eating as she revealed the scope of their plans. “That’s… I don’t know what to say… that’s amazing.” His gaze lingered on each woman with new respect. “You ladies rock. I don’t suppose you’re planning an art gallery in among your other projects.”
Lianne turned to Chloe. “Not at the present, but speak to your sister. She’ll know if there’s an art section at the craft store. This woman has an amazing ability to organize and knows where each project stands.”
“Speaking of which,” said Chloe, grabbing her ever-present notebook. She flipped over several pages. “Here it is.” She looked up at Lianne. “You told me once that you used to write up reports for Brett, right?”
Lianne spread her hands. “That’s right, but –”
“I thought so.” She tapped her pen on the notepad. “I have any number of items that need to be professionally written, starting with the website. I’ve hired a designer and they’re setting up the bones of it right now but I’d forgotten that I have to provide them with copy.”
“That’s different from a report. There’s a knack to writing ad copy.”
“True enough but you have the advantage of having an emotional connection to what we’re doing. Trust me, you’ll be great.”
A slow smile spread over Lianne’s face. “I like the idea. Okay, I’ll do it.”
“Good. There are also a lot of other items that need your touch. I think it’s important that we control the message about what we’re doing here, and it has to be professional, not to mention coordinated.” She looked down at her list. “For example, a flyer for the Spa, and similar copy for an ad in the Cranston newspaper. I also need the same thing for Emma’s services. You can co-ordinate that with her. And the wedding business.” She shot a quick look at Madison. “Madison is full of ideas, and I need you to put them down on paper so we can get them on the website plus put out some advertising.”
Madison moved forward but Chloe anticipated her. “And then there’s the new movie theatre. Maddie’s worked wonders, and if all goes according to schedule we can have our first free showing on the July fourth weekend.” She glanced up and grinned. “I bought out the newspaper for the weekend before. He’s going to dedicate the entire editorial section to the town rejuvenation, and is going to print an additional ten thousand copies so we can deliver free copies to every small town in the area.”
“The movie theatre will be overflowing.”
“Then they’ll wait for the next showing, and while they do they’ll visit the coffee shop, or the new craft store, or the ice cream vendor who is coming in to set up for the weekend. If things go well, the ice cream vendor will stay on.” She made eye contact with Lianne. “We need your writing skills, Lianne. It’s as simple as that. And Damon, you can pay for your supper by giving us advice on a movie poster. One that can be adapted for each movie.” She muttered to herself and made a note.
“What now?” asked Madison.
“Just a reminder. I need to hire someone to be in charge of the posters. Details, details.”
The next morning Lianne managed a quick consultation with each of the other four before they left the ranch. With a general idea of what each expected of her, she sat at her computer to plan her projects.  
For the first time since they’d started, Lianne considered herself a part of the overall effort. She’d been searching for a new direction and the writing assignment would allow her to focus her energies in one area. She looked forward to getting started.
So why did she still feel as though part of her was missing?  Why did her heart leap into her chest every time Bella barked and she was reminded of Sadie? 
Unable to concentrate, she pushed away from the computer and headed toward the stables. “What did you expect?” she muttered to herself. “It hasn’t been that long. Give it time and soon that whole episode will be forgotten.”
Zora tossed his head and snorted.
“You’re right,” she said. “I don’t believe it either.”
Chapter Twenty Eight
Three months later.
Sun streamed through the canopy of the outdoor café, tinting the patrons with a pink glow. James strode across the busy street, scanning for Cassandra. He didn’t expect her to be there before him; she was notorious for being late. Besides, if she’d been there she would have claimed a table near the sidewalk where she could be seen.
He was wrong. As he ducked under the canopy he spotted her at an out-of-the-way table, partially hidden behind a large plant.
“Hello, Darling.” She rose and air-kissed him. Several men glanced enviously in his direction, but she didn’t seem to notice.
“You look good,” he said, noting in particular her clear eyes.
“Thank you,” she said, her fingers fiddling nervously with the handle of a coffee cup. “I hope you don’t mind, I ordered myself a coffee.”
“Of course not.” He motioned for a coffee for himself. “I heard from Penny yesterday. She said she’d also spoken to you. How did that go?”
She shrugged her shoulders but James wasn’t fooled. Penny had always had the ability to upset Cassie and she was good at it. The woman loved to control everyone around her, especially her daughter.
“She says I should terminate my friendship with you. I didn’t have the heart to tell her that happened a long time ago.”
James’ expression softened. “We’ll always be friends Cassie. You know that.” He stirred a lump of sugar into his coffee. “There have been times I didn’t like you very much, but we’re still friends.”
“I know. I behaved abominably about your grandmother. I don’t know if I’ve ever apologized for that, but I am sorry.” She gave herself a little shake. “Let’s not talk about that. You must have asked me here for a reason.”
“You’re right. I did.” He picked up his coffee cup then put it down again. “First of all, I wanted to tell you I’m proud of you. Proud of the way you cleaned up after your stint in the hospital and rehab.” He shot her a quick, appraising look. “In retrospect, it was a blessing that Penny was on the other side of the world. You did it yourself, and that means so much more.” He gestured to her coffee cup. “Still not drinking?”
She sighed. “No. I miss the good times, but let’s face it, if I started down that road again I might not survive. They tell me I’ll always have the urges, but they’re lessening. They really are.”
“You sound like you’re trying to convince yourself.”
She offered a wan smile. “Whatever it takes.”
“Good for you.”
His thoughts drifted and when he came back she was watching him intently.
“I’m going after her, Cassie.”
“The American?”
He nodded. “Lianne… yes.”
“Good for you.” She gave his words back to him.
“You think it’s a good idea?”
“Of course it’s a good idea! James Dolan, I’ve never known you to be so indecisive. For heaven’s sake, you love the woman. Anyone can see that.”
He acknowledged her comment with a slight raise of his eyebrows. “For months now I’ve been telling myself that she’ll hate me when she finds out I was the one with her husband. That might be true but I was reading Gran’s journal the other week and saw a comment she’d written about me. I don’t remember the exact words, but it was something about how I was always looking for the truth. I thought about it and realized that in this case I’ve been hiding from the truth. It’s as though I’ve been living inside a book and someone closed it before I could find out how it ends.”
“What about Sadie? Who will take care of her?”
“Sadie’s coming with me.”
Cassie frowned. “Aren’t there restrictions or something?”
“They’re not as strict as you might think. The UK is considered rabies free meaning no shot is required to take a dog from the UK into the US, but I got one anyway, just to be sure.”
“So you’re really doing it?” Tears sprang to her eyes. “When are you leaving?”
“In two days.”
“Then you’d better get going.” Cassie dabbed at her eyes. “Don’t mind me, these are tears of happiness. Let me know how it goes, okay?”
“I will.” He rose. “Take care of yourself, Cassie.”
“And James?”
He looked back.
“I hope that story you’re living has a happy ending.”
Chapter Twenty Nine
James gave an audible sigh of relief when he turned onto the secondary highway leading toward Chance. Exhausted after the long flight and not wanting to arrive in Chance in the middle of the night, he’d stopped at a motel just off 101 and had enjoyed a surprisingly good sleep. Sadie seemed to be taking the trip in stride, her tail wagging from time to time as though she knew where they were going.
Thanks to the internet, it hadn’t taken much effort to find Lianne’s address. Using Google, he’d even ‘driven by’ the ranch, and was confident that he would recognize the Bar T sign when it came up.
During the long flight, James had surfed the web for information about Chance. There were several references to a recent movie made in the area, along with photographs of the downtown transformation. More recently, stories had appeared about a group of women who’d taken it upon themselves to bring the town back to life. Convinced that Lianne was one of the group, he read everything he could find and when he found Chloe’s name listed as the group’s contact his hunch was confirmed.
Deep in thought, he almost drove past the gate but managed to slow in time to turn and rumble across the cattle guard beneath the Bar T sign. About a quarter mile in, he brought the rental car to a stop on a small rise and rolled down the windows. Ahead and slightly to the left, a large ranch house slumbered peacefully among some leafy trees. Off to his right, a cow stood over her sleeping calf, its ear flicking like a metronome, keeping away the flies. Sadie stuck her head out the window, breathing in the new scents.
Is it any wonder that Lianne is so grounded, he thought to himself. When she grew up in a setting like this. Heart pounding, he put the car in gear and pulled ahead, parking off to the right of the broad, wrap-around porch.

* * *

Lianne rode up to the lookout point, dismounted and left Zora to graze. She’d been coming here several times a week to think. Living in a house full of other women was stimulating and she enjoyed the company but there were times – like today – when she preferred to be alone with her thoughts.
Would she ever become involved with a man again? She liked to think so, but she was having trouble looking ahead when she had yet to resolve her feelings for James.
She sat down on the rock outcrop and stared into the distance. What was he doing now, and did he ever think of her?
Her thoughts were interrupted by a dog barking. Odd, it didn’t sound like Bella, plus Bella never followed when she went riding. Standing up, she shaded her eyes and looked back down the trail.
A brown and white streak came hurtling toward her, ears flopping wildly.
“Sadie?” She fell to her knees and the dog rushed into her arms, tail wagging and covering her face with frantic dog kisses. A warm glow crept into her heart. “What are you doing here?”
She looked up in time to see James’ head appear over the rise. He continued walking until he stood about ten feet away, hands shoved into his pockets. She closed her eyes for a moment, wondering if she’d imagined him.
“She missed you,” he said, smiling as Sadie continued her effusive greeting.
Lianne opened her eyes and wondered how she had ever doubted him. “I missed her, too,” she said softly. “A lot.”
“She was hoping you’d forgive her for not being there that night.” He took a step forward.
“And why would I do that? She left me without a word.”
“Because she loves you,” he said simply.
“She loves me?”
“She’ll love you forever if you let her.” He closed the distance between them.
Lianne looked down. “Is that true? Will you love me forever?”
Sadie wagged her tail.
“That’s good enough for me,” she said and stepped into his arms.
His kiss was everything she remembered, and more. But it was different somehow. The urgency was gone, replaced by a sweet tenderness that spoke of long, happy days to come. He tipped her hat back and looked deeply into her eyes. “I love you, Lianne. I’ve loved you since the first moment I saw you on the beach. There was something about you – wait a minute, why did you say I left without a word?” He pulled back, a puzzled frown between his brows.
“I got there and the house was dark,” she said. “Your neighbor was only too happy to tell me you’d left.”
“Hold on. Daphne was there?”
Lianne waved his concern aside. “Don’t worry, James. I already know she doesn’t like me.”
“That’s not what I meant,” he said, realization dawning. “Did you get my note?”
“Note? You left me a note?”
“Yes. I got a call from the hospital in London. Cassie had overdosed and was in a coma. Her parents were on a cruise and weren’t inclined to come back so I went to sit with her.” He gripped her by the shoulders. “I knew you’d be disappointed, but I also knew you’d do the same thing. I left the note on the front door where you’d be sure to find it.”
“And to think…” Lianne shook her head. “I thought you’d left me because of what I said.”
His eyes widened for a moment. “What was that?”
“I thought maybe you felt too much pressure when I said that I’d never expected to find happiness, but that you’d changed all that.”
“No,” he said slowly. “That part was great, but there was something.” He guided her to the rock and made sure she was settled. “I need you sitting for this.”
Lianne’s stomach plunged. Now what? She watched him pace back and forth, gathering his thoughts.
When he finally stopped and raised his head his eyes were haunted. “I was with Brett when he died.”
She stared at him for several long moments, as though waiting for him to continue. When he didn’t speak she opened her mouth, but on the first try no words came out.
A frown creased her brow. She blinked rapidly and tried again. “You were with Brett?”
“Yes.” One strangled word, raw with emotion.
“I don’t understand. How did you come to be with him?”
He took a deep breath. “The device manufacturer in London wanted someone to show Brett around… take him to various spots. You’ve seen for yourself how confusing our roads can be to outsiders.” He raised his hands, then let them drop by his side. “I’d just moved back to Looe to take care of Gran and had lots of time on my hands.”
“What happened? I’ve read the report of course, but I’d like to hear it from you.”
He took a few steps away and stood looking out over the valley. His voice was dreamlike, as though he was reliving that day.
“The weather was terrible. I tried to talk him out of going out, but he could be persuasive and after all, he was the customer. He’d chosen a cove to visit that day and was excited to see it being pounded by high water.” He paused and for a moment she thought he wasn’t going to continue. “That particular cove has a series of layers leading down to the water. He jumped out of the vehicle and was halfway down before I could park the vehicle and get out myself.” He turned back to her. “You don’t want to hear this, Lianne.”
“Yes,” she said calmly. “I do.”
He swallowed and started pacing again. “The wind was howling, but when I saw how far he’d walked down, I tried to call him to come back even though I knew he couldn’t hear me. There was something odd about the way he was standing there, his head tilted to one side as though he was listening to something. And then a huge wave rose up out of the ocean and in the blink of an eye, he was gone.”
Lianne lowered her head and studied the rock between her feet. After several interminable minutes she looked up. “And you somehow blame yourself for his death?”
“I…” He had an odd expression on his face, as though this wasn’t going the way he’d imagined. “I always thought I should have done more to stop him.”
“Which was…?”
“I don’t know! But to just stand there while he disappeared. I’ve never felt so helpless in my life.”
“I understand.” She patted the rock beside her. “Sit down, James.”
He sat down and hooked his arms over bent knees. 
“This has been a shock, but there’s something I need to tell you.” She sucked in a breath of air. “Ever since I first knew Brett, he had this quirky habit of going still. He could remain completely motionless and silent for minutes at a time. One day I asked him about it and he said it was hard to explain but it was as though the earth was talking to him and he was listening.” She laid a hand on his arm. “Even if the wind hadn’t been howling, he wouldn’t have heard you, so please believe me when I tell you that his death wasn’t your fault.” She turned to him, a tender smile on her face. “I love you James. There, I’ve said it. I love you and if you love me, please don’t let this come between us.” She looked up as Sadie came back from exploring the hillside and flopped down at their feet. “See? Even Sadie wants us to be together.”
James looked at the dog. “She does, doesn’t she? Who can argue against that?”
“Not me.” Lianne gazed into the eyes of the man she loved. “Let’s walk back down together. I want to introduce you to the girls. Zora will follow.”
James slipped an arm around her waist. “I’ve been reading about these intrepid women who are determined to breathe life back into a town. They sound like quite a bunch.”
“They are. We all have something different to offer. That’s what makes it so perfect.”
James made a show of thinking. “I know I’m not one of the group, but I’d like to offer my services.”
“And those would be?”
“Investment advice, along the lines of what you suggested before. I was also thinking about teaching a course in day trading.”
“Chloe will love you.”
“Why?”
“Because she wants to buy yet another building and call it the Professional Building.”
“Likes to buy buildings, does she?”
“You have no idea.”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to disappoint her.” He turned serious. “Do you think there’s room for someone like me in the grand scheme of things?”
“I’m positive.”
“That’s good, because I think I’d like to stick around.”
“Really? And how long might that be?”
He pulled her into his arms. “How about for the rest of our lives?”
Sadie wagged her tail in approval.

The End

The series continues with four more individual, stand-alone stories. Each story features one of
the women introduced in the Prequel. Recommended reading order:
Madison, Emma, Jade and Chloe
A sneak peek at  Madison’s story follows

Madison - Excerpt
Chapter One
It wasn’t in Madison’s nature to be anything other than upbeat, but today was different. She’d just said goodbye to her three best friends, all of whom were taking the next step in their lives while she had nothing to look forward to but her dreams. Lianne was headed for Berkeley, Emma to Stanford and Chloe to a nursing program in Los Angeles.
Madison had never considered education beyond high school. She loved her parents dearly but they rarely planned beyond the present – for themselves or for her. More than a few Chance residents referred to Madge and Norm as leftover hippies but she soon learned to ignore it. The longer she lived the more she realized that her life was much better than a lot of kids in town. Okay, so her parents didn’t care for the trappings of ‘success’, but they were funny, kind, and they supported her unconditionally.
So why had she blurted out that nonsense about going to Los Angeles to try to become an actor? Certainly not for the attention – she’d never had any trouble in that regard. She kicked at a loose piece of asphalt and it skittered off to the side of the road. She hated to admit it but she dreaded the idea of being left behind.
What would Lauren do? Just thinking about her idol made her stand up a little straighter and toss her head defiantly. She’d admired Lauren Bacall for years and had studied every one of her movies, imagining herself as the beautiful, confident actor with the sultry voice. There were worse people to emulate, she thought as she turned the corner onto her street. Lauren wouldn’t waste time feeling sorry for herself, she’d probably do exactly what Madison had done and make a bold announcement about a future in acting.
That was all well and good, but she could no more afford to go to Los Angeles than she could fly to the moon. Approaching home she forced a smile... she wouldn’t allow Madge and Norm to see her disappointment for anything.
An unfamiliar car sat in the driveway, an old Ford Escort. The rear quarter panel on the passenger side must have sustained some damage as it was painted with primer. Surprisingly, the rest of the car didn’t look so bad; it was a perky Robin’s-egg blue. Must belong to one of her parents’ friends, or possibly someone they’d just met. Their door was always open to like-minded people in need of a meal. Madison had met a lot of interesting people that way.
“Hi guys!” She breezed into the small house, smile firmly in place. She looked around, expecting to see the car’s owner. “Whose car is that?”
“Surprise!” Madge and Norm stood side by side, their faces alight. “It’s yours!”
It took a few moments for the words to sink in. “Mine?” She looked from one to the other. “You’re not kidding, are you!”
They looked at each other, wiggling like happy puppies. “No, sweetie, it’s all yours. Norm’s been working on it for a while now.”
“Dad?” Madison held back tears. “You’re the best! How did you manage to keep it a secret?”
Norm ducked his head, unaccustomed to praise. “I kept it over in Hank’s barn while I worked on it. Had to make sure it was running properly.” He shoved his hands in his pockets. “Sorry I didn’t have enough money for a paint job, but I did the important stuff first.”
Madison gathered them both in a hug. “Don’t be silly, it’s beautiful just the way it is.”
“We didn’t want you to feel left behind when your friends go away.” Madge’s eyes glittered with unshed tears. “So we decided to get you a car so you can strike out on your own.” She turned and picked up an envelope from a cluttered sideboard. “And this is for you, to get you started.”
Madison looked inside the envelope and a lump formed in her throat. The twenty and fifty dollar bills in the envelope had been carefully smoothed out and arranged by denomination.
“It’s only two thousand dollars, but we figure it will get you to Los Angeles and keep you going for a few weeks until you find a job and get settled.”
“But…” Madison didn’t know what to say. “How did you manage…?”
Norm slipped an arm around his wife’s waist. “We’ve been saving for a while.” He gave a short little laugh. “You know us… it wasn’t easy but we believe in you Maddie. We just wish it could be more.” He handed her the car keys.
Maddie clutched the envelope to her chest. “How did you know I wanted to go to Los Angeles?”
Madge dabbed at her eyes. “Because that’s where you belong. You have something special and you deserve a chance to follow your dream. Just don’t forget what’s important.”
“And that is?” She knew what her mom was going to say but wanted to give her the opportunity.
“Be kind. You’re going to meet a lot of people clawing their way to the top… or trying to… but you don’t have to be like them. And remember, if you don’t make it as an actor that doesn’t mean you’ve failed. It means you had an experience that few others get to put on their resume.” She shook her head. “We’re so proud of you, Maddie. Have fun, keep in touch, and when you get a chance, come home and tell us all about it.”
Chapter Two
Maddie knew that Los Angeles was spread out, but the sheer scale of it was almost overwhelming the first few days. Thankfully, she’d decided ahead of time that she wanted to live in or near Burbank. Otherwise she would have been driving around for days to decide on a neighborhood.
The rents however, were higher than she’d anticipated. Always practical, she quickly accepted that she’d need to share in order to make a go of it. The rental agencies weren’t in the least helpful and after four days of searching she was still without an apartment. 
“This is crazy,” she muttered to herself. “I know there are lots of other girls out there in the same predicament. What do they do?” She stared at the listings in the window, none of which she could afford.
“I know what you mean.”
She hadn’t been aware that someone was standing beside her. The young woman frowned at the listings. Maddie offered a sympathetic smile. “You too?” she asked. “It’s the old Catch-22. Nobody will hire you without an address, but the rental agencies want six months in advance or proof of employment.”
The young woman offered her hand. “Hi. I’m Alison.”
“Madison.” Maddie shook hands. “I’ve been looking for four days now. I saw some really nice places around here but they’re just too expensive.”
Alison nodded, long blonde hair shimmering in the sun. “That’s my problem too… sort of.”
Maddie waited for her to continue.
“I arrived a couple of months ago.” A shy smile accompanied her words. “Like so many others I dreamed of finding work right away, but so far all I’ve done is go to auditions.”
Maddie shrugged. “I hear it takes a while.”
“Yeah, I realize that now. Trouble is, I signed a lease on a nice place but without a job it’s too costly for me.” She studied Maddie. “I’m looking for someone to share the rent, but it’s so hard to tell about people…” Her voice trailed off.
“I feel the same way. That’s why I’ve been checking with rental agencies, but they’re no help.” She paused. “Is your place around here?”
Alison tilted her head. “It’s just off West Magnolia.”
Madison tried not to show too much enthusiasm until she knew more about the other woman. “I’ve been looking in that area. Why don’t we go for coffee and get to know each other?”
Alison’s grin transformed her face. “Great idea. I know a perfect spot just down the street.”

* * *

“You have to get a job,” said Maddie. She liked Alison, but the girl needed to face the facts. “Everyone else does, at least until they get some film work.” She looked out the window of the coffee shop. “Heaven knows, there are enough coffee shops and restaurants around here. Surely you can find something.”
Alison ran a finger around the rim of her water glass. “You’re right. It’s either that or go home to Topeka, and that would seem like a failure.”
Madison bit back a comment. “There’s no shame in working until you find something. I like you Alison and I think we could get along well, but you have to be practical. My goal is to work in the industry as well, but I intend to get a job the minute I find somewhere to live. Even then I’m not going to panic about finding work as an actor.”
Alison nodded slowly. “You’re right of course. I need to step back for a while and settle in. Would you like to see my place?”
“Yes, let’s do that.” Madison signaled for the check.
Alison was right. The apartment block was lovely. Built around a pool, each unit had a balcony large enough to accommodate a couple of chairs. Maddie could imagine herself sitting out there with a cold drink in the evenings. The two-bedroom unit meant she would have her own bedroom; they would share a bathroom but Maddie didn’t think that would be a problem.
A handshake was all it took to seal the deal and Maddie moved in the next day. She had already spotted several coffee shops in the area with Help Wanted signs in the window and presented herself first thing the next morning, comfortable shoes in her bag just in case.
“Well, aren’t you the cutest thing!” Maddie was greeted by a woman who could have been sent by central casting. She embodied all of the characteristics of coffee shop owners from every old movie Maddie had ever watched. Val Mahoney had seen it all… Maddie could tell from looking into her eyes. Behind the stern expression lurked a smile, and she decided immediately that she could work for this woman.
“I’d like to be honest up front,” said Maddie. “I’m looking for work as an actor and I’d like to be able to go to auditions if they come up.”
“Aren’t they all, Dearie!” Val had employed more than her share of wannabe actors. “And the best of luck to you. If you’re a good worker and show up on time we can work around the odd audition here and there.” The coffee shop was starting to fill up and she started to move away from the counter, then came back. “One of my girls called in sick this morning. How would you like to give it a try?”
“I might be a bit slow but I’m willing to give it a go.”
“You’ve never waitressed before, have you?”
“Not really.” Maddie grinned. “But I’ll smile and tell them I’m new. That should get me though the first few days.”
“You’ll do!” Val laughed, drawing the attention of several customers. “Come on through. We’ll go over the breakfast menu and I’ll show you where you can leave your things.”
From the moment Maddie walked out onto the floor at seven thirty she was kept busy. The next time she looked, it was just after eleven and things had slowed down. Flushed but satisfied with her morning’s work, she caught Val in a quiet moment.
“How did I do?”
“Not bad. If you stay, I’ll teach you how to place your orders properly. Kenny is one of the best breakfast cooks around, so we like to keep him happy. How did you do on tips?”
“I don’t know.” Maddie emptied the pocket of her apron and handed the cash to Val.
“No, you keep it. There will be tips from the credit card slips as well.”
Maddie looked down at the handful of coins and loose bills. “There must be over thirty dollars here.”
“That sounds about right. They liked you, girl.”
Maddie looked back into the restaurant. “You have nice customers. They’re mostly regulars, aren’t they?” She grabbed the coffee pot. “Buddy and his friend are signaling for more coffee. I’d better get over there.”
“You met Buddy already?” The large cab driver was a regular.
Maddie laughed. “Who could miss him?”
Val watched her new server approach the table, hips swishing just the right amount. If she had half a dozen like Maddie, life would be so much easier…
Chapter Three
Maddie greeted most of the customers by name. Val had assigned her to the section away from the street, and many of the regulars began migrating to her tables. They flirted harmlessly, and Maddie learned to give back as good as she got. It was like working among friends, and as the months slipped by she looked forward to seeing them on a daily basis.
“Missed you yesterday,” she said as she poured coffee for Carl. One of a group of four seniors, they occupied the same booth every day, where they solved the problems of the world. Carl and Buddy had worked at Warner Bros. and considered themselves experts in ‘the industry’. She wasn’t sure what the other two had done before retirement.
“Had to make a run over to Riverside for my granddaughter’s birthday party.” Carl pulled out his cell phone and showed her a picture. “Isn’t she a cutie?”
Maddie studied the picture. “Look at that smile! What’s her name?”
“Jessie. Took me a while to get used to the name, but now I like it.”
Madison took another quick look before handing the phone back. “She looks like a Jessie. You must be proud.”
“Sure am.” He passed the phone around the table and the men were soon discussing child rearing in the ‘modern’ era.
On her way back to the kitchen Maddie glanced at the single seated quietly in her section. The woman usually sat in Tiffany’s section near the front windows but today a large group had spilled over to ‘her’ table. None of the coffee shop staff could remember the woman coming in with anyone; she appeared content to sit and watch people and traffic go by outside, a faint smile on her face.
Maddie had learned that the woman’s name was Elise, but that was all. She smiled now as she passed the woman’s table, and Elise caught her eye in a way that Maddie had learned meant she wanted something.
Elise gestured toward her cup. “Could I please have some more coffee?”
“I’ll be happy to bring you some coffee, but you had tea today.” Maddie spoke gently.
The woman touched her cup with delicate fingers, then looked at the old-fashioned brown ceramic teapot favored by the coffee shop. For a moment she seemed confused, but recovered quickly. “Silly me,” she said with a light laugh. “I meant to say could I please have some more hot water.”
“Of course you may. Coming right up.” Maddie’s fingers itched to clean up the table, but she forced herself to pick up the teapot and walk away. Elise had a habit of shredding several napkins while she drank her tea, seemingly unaware she was doing so.
“I see Elise is at it again.” Val spoke out of the side of her mouth. “She’s such a gentle soul I wouldn’t dream of asking her not to make such a mess.” She sighed. “At least she usually comes in during the slow times.” 
Maddie nodded. “She has amazing taste in clothes. I’ve noticed Carl and his friends sending appreciative looks her way, but she doesn’t seem to notice.” She put the lid on the teapot. “To each his own.”
Maddie delivered the hot water and came back to the counter where she started to refill the condiments. She’d already done her own section and was happy to pitch in and help Val.
“How long has Elise been coming here?” she asked as she polished the old fashioned sugar dispenser.
Val paused to think. “How long have you been with us now?”
“Hard to believe, but it’s almost two years.”
“That long?” Val’s eyes widened. “Time sure flies. I’m fairly sure Elise showed up a few months before you started. Why do you ask?”
“I don’t know. There’s something sad about her and yet she always has a smile on her face.” She thought for a moment. “Maybe she’s not so much sad as distant. How old do you think she is?”
Val studied the woman who had paused shredding napkins and was staring off into space. “Somewhere in her seventies, I’d say. Perhaps older, but she has such beautiful skin it’s hard to tell.” She turned back to Madison. “Speaking of beautiful skin, how did that audition go the other day? I forgot to ask.”
Madison allowed her disappointment to show. “I don’t think I’m the right type for the part, but then I hear that a lot. I think it’s a standard excuse.”
“Can’t be easy for the casting directors,” mused Val. “Knowing that out of hundreds of hopefuls, they can only choose one.” She brightened. “But you did get that small part last month. They say the first one is the hardest.”
“It was an eye opener,” said Maddie. “And I don’t really mind that it’s taking a while. I enjoy working here, and I’m learning how things work in the industry.”
“Your roommate must be thrilled to have steady work.”
“Alison?” Madison smiled as she recalled her roommate’s reaction to landing a small part in a series. “She’s ecstatic. Long hours, but she seems to be thriving.”
“That’s good, because when she was here she made a lousy waitress. I was relieved when she started to get work ‘cause I was going to have to let her go.”
Maddie laughed. “I know what you mean, but what she lacks in practical experience she makes up for by being sweet and easy to live with.”
Val gave her a sideways glance. “Does it bother you that she found something first? It seems to me that there’s a lot of jealousy when it comes to actors.”
Maddie didn’t have to think twice. “Not in our case. I’m proud of her for trying so hard. Before we started rooming together she’d been pushing herself to go out for every audition she could possibly cram into the day. I’m sure you can imagine how soul destroying that can be.” She paused. ‘So no, there’s no jealousy, and I know she’ll be happy for me when I find something more substantial than a walk-on.”
Val didn’t say much for a few moments. She was about to speak when Elise appeared at the till and paid for her tea. “See you tomorrow,” said Val as the older woman pushed open the door. Then she turned back to Maddie. “You’re an unusual young woman. I’ve had a few would-be actors in here and have overheard a few conversations. Sounds to me like they’d scratch each other’s eyes out to get a part.”
Maddie watched Elise wander down the sidewalk as she considered Val’s words. “I suppose you could say I come from an unusual background.” She re-focused on Val. “As you know, Chance is a small town. We had to stick together or there wouldn’t be anyone left to hang around with. So there was no one to teach me the fine art of being a mean girl. Plus, my parents were very laid back. Some people criticized them, but that’s just because they aren’t interested in the outward trappings of success.” A gentle smile lit her face from within. “They’re the kindest people in the world though and that makes them aces in my book.”
Val nodded. “So what are your future plans? You’re probably the best employee I’ve ever had, but I don’t see you working in a coffee shop for the rest of your life.”
Maddie blushed at the compliment. “Thanks, Val. You’re right, I want to be an actor but since I got here I realized how much I don’t know. I was thinking about it the other day. My friends are all taking three- and four-year courses. Why should my learning curve be any different? I plan to be in this for the long haul, and my goal for the first couple of years is to get a few small acting jobs and learn what it’s like on the set. I wouldn’t mind being an intern of sorts – I’m keeping my options open, but from what I’ve observed, building contacts is important. I’ve also set aside some money from my tips and I’m looking into a couple of acting classes.” She finished polishing the last of the sugar dispensers and set it down with a satisfying ‘clunk’. “But if a casting director walked in that door tomorrow and offered me a contract I’d be out of here in a shot!”
“I’d be disappointed if you weren’t.” Val glanced at her watch “Speaking of getting out of here, you were finished ten minutes ago.”
Maddie untied her apron. “And I need to pick up a couple of things at the grocery store. Alison is working tonight, so I only have to feed myself.”
“Kenny can make you a hamburger to go.”
“Thanks, but I’m going to pick up some lettuce and make a salad. See you tomorrow.”
Chapter Four
Maddie stepped outside and paused to enjoy the late afternoon sun. Most items on the coffee shop menu were either grilled on the flat top or deep fried. As a result the smell of oil permeated her clothes, and the first breath of outside air was always welcome.
She looked back over her shoulder and saw Val smiling at her through the glass. She’d miss the place when the time finally came, but she’d been honest when she told the owner that she wasn’t in a hurry. It had only taken a few weeks after she arrived to discover that the film industry was more than acting. A complex business, she wanted to understand it and was willing to learn everything she could.
The street light turned green and she was about to cross to the store when she spotted Elise sitting on a bench in a small park. She waved, and received a vague smile in return.
When she came out of the store, the older woman was still sitting on the bench. It was hard to tell from across the street, but Maddie sensed that she was frightened. Without a moment’s hesitation she walked across the street and approached.
Elise looked up, her expression cautious.
“Hello, Elise. Do you mind if I sit down for a moment?” Madison didn’t wait for a response, but sat down and turned to the woman.
“Do I know you, dear?” Elise studied her face.
“I’m Madison.” She gestured down the street. “I work at the coffee shop.”
A veil seemed to lift from the woman’s eyes and she offered a faint smile. “Oh, yes.” She looked down at her hands in her lap, and toyed with a wedding ring. When she lifted her head there were tears in her eyes.
“Madison?” she said.
Maddie instinctively took her hand. “Yes?”
“I can’t remember where I live.”
The odd behavior began to make sense and Maddie thought quickly. “You usually walk to the coffee shop, don’t you?”
Elise smiled. “Yes.” She looked right, then left and the smile disappeared. “But for the life of me I can’t remember which way is home.”
“That’s okay.” Maddie spoke confidently. “We’ll figure it out.”
“Yes.” Elise’s eyes were luminous. “We’ll figure it out.”
“May I look in your purse? We might find your address in there.”
Elise handed over the purse and Maddie opened it. A leather billfold caught her eye. It was the type with slots for credit cards and Maddie pulled it out. Front and center in a plastic window was a typewritten note. In Case of Emergency it said, then went on to list Elise’s name, address and several telephone contacts. Someone had foreseen this day.
“Here we are!” Madison smiled confidently. “Let’s walk home together. I live down that way myself.”
A sweeping circular driveway led to the front door of what at one time must have been a magnificent mansion. A small discreet sign to the left of the front doors indicated that it was now the Burbank Retirement Home. The building still retained much of its former beauty. Maddie and Elise walked into a large foyer with an informal reception desk.
“Elise!” A young woman appeared from a hall off to the side. “We were beginning to worry about you.” She shot a suspicious look at Maddie. “We called the coffee shop but they said you had left an hour ago.”
Maddie was about to speak when a deep voice startled her.
“Hello Mother.”
She turned to see a man of around sixty. Dressed in a grey suit with a dark grey stripe, he looked like he’d stepped out of the pages of GQ. He took Elise’s arm and guided her to a padded bench a few steps away.
“Howard, I’m delighted to see you but what are you doing here?”
The man caught Maddie’s eye and gave his head an imperceptible shake. “I stopped by for a visit, but you weren’t back yet, so I thought I’d wait.”
“I’m so happy to see you. Can you stay for dinner?”
“I’m afraid not, Mother. I have a business meeting tonight, but I’ll come back tomorrow morning and we’ll have coffee together.”
“All right then.” She touched his cheek gently with her fingers, then rose. “I’m a bit tired, so I think I’ll go to my room.”
Howard stared after her for several long moments then stood and offered his hand to Maddie. “Howard Samuels. Thank you for bringing her home. What happened?” He seemed to be bracing himself for her response.
“I spotted her sitting on the bench when I went over to shop and she was still there when I came out, so I went to check on her.”
He frowned. “How do you know her?”
“She comes to the coffee shop where I work. Mr. Samuels, I should tell you I looked in her purse. That’s how I knew where to bring her.” Maddie ducked her head. “Just in case she remembers later and mentions it. I don’t have much experience with…” She hesitated.
“It’s okay. You can say it. My mother has dementia.” His gaze drifted around the foyer, but she could tell he wasn’t seeing anything. “I knew this day would come, but I’d hoped it wouldn’t happen so soon. That’s why I placed the emergency numbers in her wallet.” 
“I was glad to find the note.”
Lost in thought, he nodded absent-mindedly. 
“Well, it was nice to meet you.” She backed away.
He looked up as though surprised to find her there. “Did I say thank you?”
“Yes, you did. And I’m glad I was there to help. We’re fond of your mother at the restaurant.”
He finally looked at her as more than just a delivery person. “What’s the matter with me? I haven’t even asked you for your name.” He offered a wry smile. “Mother would definitely not approve.”
Madison returned his smile. It seemed odd that she was trying to put this man at ease; if his appearance was anything to go by, he was an extremely successful businessman. “My name is Madison Lamont, Mr. Samuels.”
He checked his watch. “Would you like to have supper with me? As someone who sees my mother on an almost daily basis, I’d be interested to hear what you think.”
Madison hesitated, but only for a moment. “All right. I take it you don’t really have a business appointment.”
“No, I don’t.” He turned to the young woman at the front desk. “Thank you for calling me Joanna. I’ll be back in the morning around ten.”
“All right Mr. Samuels. I’ll leave a note for the morning shift.”
Howard Samuels led Maddie to a forest green Jaguar that was parked just past the porte cochere. “Do you have any food preference?” he asked as he opened the passenger door.
“Not really.” Madison inhaled the scent of leather. “But something light would suit me just fine.”
“Then I know just the place.”

End of Excerpt

Madison’s complete story, plus the rest of the series can be found at Smashwords

* * *

Thanks for reading!!
Reviews are always welcome
