Loco




Razer 8


Loco




Razer 8 by P.T. Macias

Loco, Razer 8
By P.T. Macias
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 P.T. Macias
Copyright © 2013 by P. T. Macias.
ISBN-13:978-1492248309
ISBN-10:1492248304
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
This book was printed in the United States of America.

Dedication
I’m dedicating this book with all of my amor to my esposo, hijos, nietos, hermanos, and familia. Thank you for your patience, amor, support and believing. 
Thank you for your amor Arturo. Special thanks to my son Andres for the heart design, my daughter Erica and son Ricardo for their assistance. Te amo!
Special Acknowledgements
I want to give special thanks to Marsha Thomas Berg my assistant and editor. Her dedication to me, Razer 8, and the De La Cruz Saga is amazing and immensely appreciated. Marsha strives to perfect my work. 
The Infinite Power

The delta force operatives, Razer 8, made a promise to be united and linked for infinity. They have the infinity symbol tattoo.
Chapter One

Prologue
The day is gloomy, gray, and cloudy with a heavy sea breeze blowing onto the coast. Roberto arrives at the police department, and he eases his car into a parking stall. 
Urgently he slides out of his car and he walks briskly into the building to meet with Officer Taylor. 
Damn I’m lucky that I was home on leave because he has some intel to review with me. This is so difficult and I have to pay attention. 
He strides to Officer Taylor’s office, tapping on the door. 
“Enter,” calls out Officer Taylor. 
He enters the office, closing the door as he turns to gaze at the officer. “Good morning, Officer Taylor.”
“Good Morning, Mr. De Leon. Please take a seat,” says Officer Taylor.
Roberto takes a seat and rests his huge hands on his legs. He sits up straight, stares at Officer Taylor, and waits for him to start.
“Mr. De Leon, I’m sorry for your loss,” conveys Officer Taylor. He observes Roberto’s dazed, vacant stare. 
Roberto stares at Officer Taylor’s lips as they move. With each word, he tears Roberto’s soul into shreds. Damn, I have to pay attention. This is a total nightmare.
“The police department is doing everything in its power to investigate. We don’t have any evidence or motive for your family’s death. The car explosion was an accident. It was simply unusual and bizarre.”
“Officer Taylor, I want the police department to keep me informed of any new evidence,” replies Roberto, glancing over at the officer. He stands to leave.
This is a fucking nightmare! I can’t believe that someone intentionally tampered with my parents’ car to kill them and my only brother. I’m going to get to the bottom of this, fumes Roberto. He stands, ready to run to the only comfort he has. He runs to Jennifer. 
I know that I’ll feel a little better when I’m with Jennifer. She’s my love. She’ll be pleased and surprised to see me, muses Roberto. 
“I will be returning to base,” states Roberto. “I don’t know when I’ll return, since I was accepted to a special department. I plan on staying in the military for a while.”
“Mr. De Leon, we will advise you on any new developments,” replies Officer Taylor, nodding. 
“Thanks,” replies Roberto grimly. Roberto turns to walk out of the office. 
I need to see Jen. I’m hurting so deeply. I know that I’ll feel a little better when I get a chance to hug Jen, he thinks. 
He extends his long legs in an elegant, fluid motion as he moves down the hall of the police department. Each step taps into the tile, causing a strong melody echoing his anxiety, sadness, and loss. He walks out of the building and over to his car. He slides urgently into his car and drives off. He drives straight to Jennifer’s home. 
I know she doesn’t have a clue that I’m home. I can’t wait to see her huge smile, thinks Roberto. He wipes a tear that rolls down his face from his anger and grief. Damn it! I can’t cry. I have to stay strong because I need to make arrangements for the funeral after I see Jen. Yeah, I know she’ll want to go with me. I need her so badly. 
Roberto parks the car and walks up the walkway, glancing inside through the window. Hell, no! Fucking hell, no! This is surreal! Jennifer is with another bastard and really going at it! 
Roberto sees red as he walks up to the door. He bangs on the door, enraged. His anger and hurt are excruciating. I can’t believe this! Damn, is this a punishment? This is too much! I’ve lost my family and now my girl! he thinks. Yeah, I want to see her face when she sees me and realizes that I saw her! Then I’m gone!

Jennifer pulls away, startled and concerned. “Wow, who can that be? My parents left for a few days, Adam,” says Jennifer. She grabs Adam’s shirt and pulls it on. 
“Damn, Adam! We’re making love in the living room for anyone to see us!” says Jennifer. “We should’ve gone to my bedroom. Goodness only knows who saw us.” 
“Sweetie, it’s probably the UPS guy,” laughs Adam. “He only saw your sweet ass.” 
Jennifer laughs, shaking her head. “I’ll be right back,” says Jennifer. She leans down for a kiss. 

Roberto bangs on the door again, livid! Damn whore! To think that I thought she was my future, my dreams, my everything! he fumes.
Jennifer walks over to the door, impatient to return to Adam. She opens the door, ready to blow off whoever it is. “Stop banging on my door!” yells Jennifer. 
“No worries, Jen. I’ll never bang on your door again!” yells Roberto. “Just take your trashy ass back to that bastard and bang him!” He walks backwards, glaring at her.  
Jennifer blinks, startled to see Roberto. Omg, it’s my Roberto! Oh wow! He caught me! Now what? 
“Babe, he doesn’t mean anything to me,” says Jennifer. She steps outside, she closes the door, and looks up at Roberto.
“Yeah, right! I never touched you! I wanted to respect you and wait for our wedding night! I loved you! I’m done! I’m gone!” states Roberto, standing straight and proud. He glares at her, registering her surprise and her shameless apology. 
“Listen to me, Babe. Give me a minute to change,” begs Jen. 
“I’m done!” replies Roberto, glaring. No, she didn’t love me. She wanted my parents’ money. I can see that now, he thinks. 
He turns and walks to his car. I don’t care to listen to her explanations. 
He heads straight to make arrangements for the burials. The next few days pass quickly and Roberto goes through the days in a daze. 

A few years later, Roberto walks into the new classroom to meet his new team. Damn, I’m so excited! 
He walks in and nods to the guys in the room. He takes a seat, turning to watch the Commanding Officer for the Delta Force enter the classroom. 
“Good morning, Officers,” says Commander Knight. He stands straight in front of the room. “I want to welcome you to the new Delta Force team. The name Razer was selected because you will be able to raze any entity, country, or structure in the world.”
Commander Knight observes each team operative. He needs to register their commitment, excitement, and aspiration. 
“This Office believes each one of you will be the best operative in the world, in your field of expertise. Every single officer on this team was selected because of his outstanding skills, education, and physical condition. Each operative has a special talent or ability that will be honed to excellence. Each of you will undergo an extensive training that will take you high into the realms of the infinite power. Your training starts now!” 
The eight operatives stand straight and proud, anxious to start the next phase in their military career. Each one has a reason, a dream, and a need to be a Delta Force operative. 

Months later, the eight operatives are celebrating their accomplishments. Their training is over. Each one has excelled in every facet of their training. Their bond is strong, absolute, and invincible.
“Damn! Damn! We’re a whole, awesome unit and we’re the infinite power!” says Panther, taking a drink of his whiskey. He grins, thinking about the new tattoo he’s getting. “Dudes, I’m going to get a double infinity tattoo as a symbol of the Infinity. This represents to me the infinite power and unity that we have. We’ve worked hard to accomplish our goal and complete this bond.”
“Yeah, I agree with Panther,” voices Phantom, nodding. “We should make the promise of being united and linked for infinity.”
“Damn! That sounds sweet,” says Bulldog, nodding. “Hell, yeah! I’m in.”
“That sounds incredible! I love the idea. We should all have the double infinity symbol tattoo that Panther is getting. This will be our symbol of being united and linked for infinity. Hell, yeah! We’re the infinite power!” says Redfox, nodding. He looks over at the rest of the operatives. 
“Damn, yes!” says Loco, solemnly.
“I’m in,” says Ghost in a soft low tone. 
“You don’t have to ask me twice,” voices Thunder, nodding. He looks over at his twin, raising an eyebrow. He mentally transmits, you’re in, right?
“Absolutely! Show us the tat,” says Lightning, growling. 
Panther roars with pleasure. He gets the image from his wallet. “This tat will be our evidence and commitment to being united and linked for infinity,” he says. 
“Damn! That’s a sweet tat,” says Bulldog, grinning. 
“Let’s go now, on this first day of being an official Delta Force. Now we’re official, Razer 8 Delta Force Operatives,” says Redfox, grinning. 
“Hell, yes! We’re officially Infinity to one other!,” roars Panther. 
Infinity is the name taken by Razer 8, the Special Delta Force operatives. The infinite power Razer 8 team operatives are an offensive team working against the drug cartel, drug dealers, and all types of terrorist groups. The U.S. Delta Force Special Operative Unit, organized for the conduct of missions, requires that the Delta Force team be highly adaptable and completely self-sufficient. These men know that they can rely on one another when they have no one else. This is their new family!
Chapter Two

A few months later, Roberto is working out on a beautiful sunny morning. Oh yeah, I love the break of dawn. Nobody is around. I love the smell of fresh air, the crisp chill of the morning, and the sound of the waves breaking on the beach, thinks Roberto. Yeah, there’s nothing better than working out in the fresh, clean air.
Roberto takes a deep breath, closing his beautiful smoky quartz brown eyes fringed with long black eyelashes.
I’m almost there. I see it. I’m doing everything in my power to grasp my goal. Soon, real soon, I’ll have what I want. It’s been tough training, long days, intensive work outs, and stress.
Roberto Daniel De Leon has been striving to be the best in every aspect that involves his dream. He stands tall and proud at six feet two with a very hard, developed, muscular body. There’s no way that his physical assets can be overlooked. 
Now, I’m almost at my goal. It has taken me a few years but I’m satisfied. I’m still young, healthy and strong at twenty-eight, he thinks. I have the physical strength, intelligence, computer systems expertise, mastery in weapons, and stamina for the job I have been trained to do. 
You name it and I’ve mastered it. I’ve been training hard. The physical conditioning and drills are part of the Delta Force lifestyle that I live. This is my life now. 
I finally completed the intense 6-month Operative Training Course, to learn counter-terrorism and counter-intelligence techniques. This includes firearm accuracy and various other weapons trainings. 
The other government agencies often recruit from the operatives in the Delta Force. That’s my goal and that’s why I work hard. I’m the top operative in completing the course. 
Since I was young, I have dreamed of being a CIA Special Elite Operative. That’s why I’ve pushed myself to my limits and, where possible, even beyond. I can taste the day that I become one of the CIA special elite operatives, thinks Roberto, nodding. 
He stretches his right leg and then his left leg. He then stands straight, tall, stretches his neck. Okay, let’s get this over with. 
He sprints down the beach. He feels the breeze from the ocean cooling him down. He jogs down the beach in fluid smooth motion, each heel pounding into the solid wet sand, and kicking up a spray of sand. 
He reaches the dock and turns back. Oh, yeah, finally I’m done working out for today. 
He reaches for his towel and pats off the sweat. These are the only days that I’ll have off in a while. I’ll have to report back to duty soon. 
I’m going to catch a movie and then go to a club. Who knows? Maybe I’ll meet someone that I can talk to. Someone that can make me forget my commitments for a few hours. 
Yeah, that would be great, but only for today. Sometimes, but not often, I do crave someone to come home to. Yeah, to come home to someone that cares. Yeah, but I can’t afford to get involved right now. 
Damn, no good woman would want to wait forever for me to return home. That’s the real issue. I learned my lesson real quick. My first and only girl, my high school sweetheart couldn’t, or wouldn’t, wait. 
He grinds his jaw, flexing his jaw muscles from the intense pressure. He closes his eyes, trying to keep back the memory of that painful day. 
She traded me in for another as soon as I left for basic training. Yeah, she’s sorry now, but it’s too late. I’m not ready to trust a woman, any woman. 
I had barely finished basic training when the accident happened. I only returned home for my parents’ and only brother’s funerals. 
Yeah, Jennifer tried to get close again. There is no way in hell that I’ll get involved with her again. Hell! That will never happen in this lifetime. 
I still remember her in that jerk’s arms. She never expected me to show. Damn, she has no shame. I never touched her. I respected her. I wanted to wait. 
Wow, that was a shock. It quickly extinguished all of the feelings that I had for her. My heart froze up. I lost my parents, my brother, and my girl, all at once.
It’s been several long, painful years. Thanks to the extensive long hours of training, I’ve managed not to fall into depression. 
I miss my parents and my brother. I sold the business, the house, everything. I couldn’t stand the memories. 
He puts his hands on his waist. He closes his eyes and shakes his head, trying to erase the memories. He takes several deep breaths and slowly exhales. Roberto takes control of his emotions and locks them away. 
A few moments later he strolls back to his apartment. He opens the door and looks around. He checks for anything unusual. Damn it! He shakes his head in frustration. Okay, I’m on vacation. I’m at home and not on a mission. Damn, I need to relax.
He walks into his little one bedroom apartment. Everything is organized and clean. The furniture is basic black contemporary with white walls. 
No personal items are around. Only the basics to survive are in the apartment. No photos or decorations are on the wall or on the table. 
He walks into the bedroom and looks around. The bed is pushed up into a corner. The bed is a basic black wooden frame with drawers on the side. It has no space to hide, behind or underneath it. The bed has red silk sheets and a black silk comforter. That’s the only evidence of passion. 
The only other furniture is a black wooden chair. A large screen television is mounted to the wall. Hmmm, everything looks good. 
He takes off the grey t-shirt that’s soaked with sweat. He leans down to take off his boots.
Yeah, it’s stupid that I jog with my boots, but I have to be able to do it on a mission. I always try to work out on a beach with my boots. It works. I’m able to outrun my team. He laughs, thinking of their amazement.
He pushes down his shorts, exposing his glorious physique. He walks into the bathroom, flexing every muscle. His beautiful golden tanned skin glows from the exertion. 
Roberto throws the t-shirt and shorts into the bin. He walks into the shower and turns on the water. The strong spray of water cascades down his back.
Oh yeah, the water feels awesome. He closes his eyes and lathers his body. He strokes his aching cock. Oh damn, I’m so ready, he thinks.  

Roberto walks up to his bike, smiling. Oh damn, yes! I love riding my bike.
He hears a soft tap, only one sound. He stops, slowly turning around and pulling out his Glock. 
“Damn, guey (dude)!! I almost shot you,” yells Roberto. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Yeah, asshole! Glad that you’re not slacking off!” yells Ghost. 
Roberto walks over to his buddy, Jackson. His name is Nathaniel Jackson. He is called “the Ghost” because you hardly ever know he’s around. 
Ghost walks silently and hardly breathes. I find it kind of amusing when I see him in action. It’s hard to believe that such a huge dude could move so silently, so quickly, and can hardly be heard breathing, thinks Roberto, amused.
Nathaniel is six feet five inches. He’s a huge son of a bitch. He can be as mean as he needs to be when dealing with the scum of the earth. Nathaniel has a very light skin tone and incredibly pale blue eyes. So I think Ghost fits him in so many areas, muses Roberto.
Roberto walks up to Nathaniel and gives him a huge bear hug. He slaps his back with joy. “Damn, I missed you, dude!” yells Roberto, grinning.
“Yeah, Loco, that’s why I’m here. Why not hang out and enjoy our few days off?” replies Nathaniel, in a soft low tone.  
Nathaniel is wearing black leather pants and a black leather jacket with black t-shirt. He has a black scarf wrapped around his short blond locks. He wears black biker boots. You know he’s carrying. 
He slowly grins, flashing his dimples. That’s the only feature on Nathaniel that’s soft. 
“So, you’re game to raise some hell tonight,” whispers Nathaniel. His pale blue eyes sparkle in amusement. 
“Hell yes!” yells Roberto. He walks towards Nathaniel’s bike to check it out. “Oh, damn! Sweet, real sweet! It’s awesome.” 
“I love the black metallic with the silver sparkles,” says Nathaniel. He speaks quietly and softly, almost like a whisper. He has a soft southern drawl. 
“Loco, let’s go get some food, beer, and some warm comfort,” says Nathaniel. 
“That’s exactly what I had planned! Let’s go!” replies Roberto, grinning. 
Chapter Three

Claudia drives down the road, with her twin riding shotgun. She turns the corner fast, speeding up. She smiles with joy.
Yes, I’m finally going to relax for a couple of days. I’ve been undercover for a while. It’s getting old. I’m glad that Veronica wanted to come this time, thinks Claudia. 
“Claudia, slow down!” squeaks Veronica. “You never drive so fast! You’re getting wild!”
“Vero, I feel happy that I finally have a couple days to relax and to do what I want to do,” says Claudia. She grins and glances at Vero. “Did Christopher tell you that we have these couple of days off?”
“Yeah, but he’s going to be late. He’s spending some time with his Padres (parents),” says Veronica. “I’ll see him later.”
“Yeah, I’m spending some time with our parents tomorrow,” replies Claudia. She pulls into the parking lot. 
The “bebes (babies)” enter the club, excited that they’re finally going to have some fun. It has been a hard week, muses Claudia. She looks around the club, hoping to see an interesting Chico (young man).
The twins are known as the bebes locas (crazy babies). They’re constantly working hard on draining the familia’s (family’s) patience. 
Claudia is an identical twin, and is the eldest by one minute. She’s serious, serene, and romantic.
Her twin is Veronica De La Cruz. Veronica is the complete opposite of Claudia. Veronica loves to have fun. Veronica is cheerful, sassy, and sexy. She’s a model. Veronica was born a minute later and that officially makes her the female bebe of the De La Cruz familias.
The twins are smart, beautiful, focused, and wealthy. They’re 5’9” with tall, trim, lean bodies. They have long, wavy, light brown hair. They have huge hazel eyes with long curly lashes, and beautiful heart shaped mouths. Claudia is one hot and sexy woman, even if she doesn’t think so.
Wow, I’m so happy tonight. I’m hardly ever home. Yes, I still live at home. It’s the Mexican way. We don’t leave our Padres’ home until we get married. I’m always busy on assignments as a FBI agent. I’ve always dreamed of eliminating the world of all the hoods that sell the drugs to the young. 
I lost my best girlfriend, Becky, forever to the world of drugs when she became addicted to crack, while she was a teenager. She’s never been the same. 
We went from kindergarten to eighth grade together. Then, in the summer prior to our freshman year, she became addicted. I’m going to help make sure this doesn’t happen to anyone else, muses Claudia, striding into the club.
Claudia and Veronica sit on the black chairs at the table close to the bar. Claudia sits against the wall. Hmmm, I still act like I’m at work. I wonder if I’ll ever stop acting like this. Geeze, I need to be sure nobody is behind me, muses Claudia. 
She tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. She turns to look and wave at her primos (cousins), who are drinking Coronas at the bar. 
“Veronica, do you want something to drink?” she asks her twin. “Tony, Javier, and Alex are at the bar.” 
“Yes, I would love some water. I’m thirsty. Yeah, I saw them,” says Veronica, also waving at her primos. She looks around the club.
“I don’t see anyone interesting,” says Claudia. She calls the server over. 
“Well, hermana (sister), you’re waiting for your príncipe (prince), your alma gemela (soul mate). I’m lucky that I found mine,” says Veronica, nodding. She grins, looking at the chicos. 
“Hola, primas! Anything good?” asks Bella. She sits down, looking around the club. 
“Hola, I need a drink,” says Paty. She sits down, looking around for the server.
“No, primas, nothing good,” says Claudia. I don’t know if it’s only me or what, she thinks.
She takes a drink of her Corona. Claudia checks out the crowd. I wonder when I’m going to meet my alma gemela (soul mate), thinks Claudia, looking around the club. She takes sips of her Corona.
“Primas (cousins), I’m getting tired, so I’ll be leaving in a little while. Are you staying, Vero?” says Claudia.
“No, I’m going home. I’m meeting Christopher soon,” says Veronica, smiling as she walks to the dance floor. 
Well, it’s not like I’m going to miss out on anything. There’s nothing interesting going on in the club tonight. No one that’s appealing. I don’t feel like dancing now. Wow, look at Veronica! I wonder who she’s dancing with. She’s never danced with anyone besides the primos. Shit, if Christopher finds out, he’ll be ready to kill. He’s already on edge for lots of reasons, muses Claudia.
Claudia leans back in her chair, watching Veronica dance with a stranger. Hmmm, now that I can see his profile, I can tell that it’s Christopher. Wow, he’s still in his undercover disguise. I wonder why? We have a couple days off. Did we get called in? Oh no, I was looking forward to a few days to relax and hang with the familia. I also want to get some new clothes. 
Yeah, it’s Christopher. I hope that nobody recognizes him and blows his cover. What’s he doing? Is he checking up on Veronica? Okay, here they come. Veronica looks happy. Yeah, it’s him, thinks Claudia. 
Veronica sits next to Claudia, smiling. “I’m ready to go home, now, Hermana (sister),” says Veronica. 
“Who were you dancing with?” asks Claudia. 
“I don’t know,” replies Veronica. “Let’s go.”
“Okay,” says Claudia. So she’s not saying. I know that she’s covering for him. Veronica and Christopher have been together for years, muses Claudia.
“Adios, primas,” says Veronica, waving. 
“Primas, we’re leaving. I’m tired and I need to rest. See you later!” says Claudia, nodding. 
Hmm, yes. I’ll get a shower and then go to bed. I don’t have to be on alert and should sleep good tonight, muses Claudia. She looks over at Veronica with a raised eyebrow. 

Roberto and Nathaniel walk into the club, after having some dinner down the street. They look hot and stroll into the club with confident stride. They’re a pair of hot, sexy, bad boys walking in to have some fun.
“Oh, yeah,” says Nathaniel, looking around. Yes, this is hot. I always wanted to check out a Latino club. Oh, yeah, he thinks.
“Let’s get some shots!” says Roberto. He strolls to the bar. He reaches it and turns to look at Nathaniel. 
Nathaniel is following Roberto, turning to look at the band. “Wow, sorry,” says Nathaniel. 
His voice is low and sexy. He gazes into the cute chica’s amazing huge brown eyes. He quickly grasps her waist with his hands to stop her fall. He unconsciously pulls her a little closer. 
When Andrea runs into Nathaniel, she quickly grasps his arms to stop her fall. She stares up into Nathaniel’s beautiful pale light blue eyes. Her eyes open wide with surprise and amazement. Oh, dios mio, this is a HUGE white boy, she thinks. She holds onto his huge muscled arms.
“I’m so sorry! I wasn’t looking,” says Nathaniel. Damn! I’m scaring this beautiful girl, he thinks. I better let her go. 
Andrea breaks into a huge warm smile. She gazes up at him, not releasing her hold. “Hi, I’m ok. No worries,” replies Andrea.
Nathaniel gazes into her beautiful eyes and starts to smile. Wow, she’s not scared, he thinks. She’s really beautiful.  
Oh wow, he’s so guapo (handsome), huge, and he has awesome dimples. I think I like everything about this white boy, thinks Andrea. 
She tilts her head slightly, to inspect his side view. Oh, yes, he’s totally what I like. I love his beautiful pale blue eyes, thinks Andrea.
She steps a little closer to slide her hands up to his shoulders. “I would love to dance,” says Andrea. 
Nathaniel gazes into her eyes and sees her beautiful soul. Oh damn, hell yes. I’m dancing this slow dance with this girl, he thinks. “Ah, you would like to dance,” repeats Nathaniel. He leans down a little to whisper in her ear. He feels her tremble against him. 
“Yes,” replies Andrea. She gazes into his beautiful face. 
Nathaniel releases her and takes one of her hands. He leads the way to the dance floor. Oh, damn yes, I love this slow song, he thinks. 
He pulls her into his arms. He encircles her waist, pulling her close to him. He inhales her incredible scent. Yes, she’s smells amazing, he thinks.  
Andrea puts her hands on his strong wide shoulders. She gazes up into his eyes. She smiles, slowly moving her arms up his shoulders. “I’m Andrea Martinez,” says Andrea. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Andréa. I’m Nathaniel Jackson,” he replies, softly near her ear. Oh yeah, she’s sweet, sexy, and hot, he thinks. 
Damn it! Now what? I can tell that he likes her. I think that I’m on my own now, thinks Roberto. 
He sucks the lemon and salt. He then throws back his head, drinking the tequila shot. 
Chapter Four

Redfox knocks on Loco’s apartment door. He listens to his music in his earphones. Redfox loves his newest toy. He waits, tapping his booted foot on the concrete, gazing at the ocean. Redfox is amazingly brilliant. He’s savvy in information systems and totally lethal. 
Loco opens the door. “Dude, what’s up? Come on in. Where’s Infinity?” asks Loco, grinning. 
“What are you doing this evening? I want to go have some fun,” replies Redfox. He grins at Loco, shaking his head. “Infinity decided to go to Cabo San Lucas down Baja California. I didn’t feel like going. Where’s Ghost? I thought he would be with you.”
“I’m in, let’s go. Ghost is with his girl,” replies Loco. “No, he’s not going to hang with us.” 
“Dude, that’s great! I don’t want any woman in my life right now, but that’s great for him!” states Redfox, grinning. “I’m having too much fun.”
“Yeah, totally agree. I can’t handle a woman in my life, either. Let’s go tear it up!” growls Loco, laughing. 
“Sweet,” responds Redfox, nodding. 
In no time, they are having fun with the hot girls that encircle them at the club. These two are just hot walking sex.

Claudia is on her way to the stores to get some new clothes. Yes, I need to have a couple of new outfits for tonight. What if I meet the one? Too bad that Veronica isn’t up to coming with me. She’s into her new love story, ponders Claudia.
She parks the car and strides into her favorite FM (fuck me) shoe store, Zeus’s. Oh yeah, I love this store. It always has amazing and sexy shoes. Yeah, they always make me feel real beautiful and sexy. Si (yes), just what all chicas want, she thinks. 
“Hola (hi), Susie,” says Claudia. 
“Hi, Ms. De La Cruz, it’s nice to see you,” replies Susie, the clerk. 
Claudia looks around, grinning. OMG, look at these awesome red FM high heel pumps. Si, these are real nice. Oh my god! Look at these! They’re muy (very) cute, cute. I need to try these on, thinks Claudia. She turns to the sales clerk. 
“Susie, please check if you have my size. I want to try these on,” says Claudia, smiling.  
“Yes, Ms. De La Cruz,” replies the clerk, nodding. Yes, my favorite customer. I know I’m going to get an awesome sale. She always buys several pairs of shoes, muses the clerk.
Claudia goes to sit down at the comfortable black lounge chair. 
The clerk returns with the shoes in no time. This makes Claudia happy as she tries them on and prances in front of the mirror. “Yes, these are awesome; I want them. Yes, I’ll take all three pairs,” says Claudia, grinning. 
“I’ll ring you up,” replies Susie, nodding. She gathers the shoes and walks over to the register.
Claudia stands to follow the clerk to the counter. I know that I’ll get several sexy new dresses at Eve’s Pleasures. Yes, this is it! 
Claudia leaves and goes into several stores. She gets several dresses and also a few new pairs of jeans. Oh yes, these are real sexy. This little black dress is going to look fantastic with the new red FM high heel pumps.
I had so much fun getting these new outfits. I’m ready for some fun. She walks out of the store smiling.
Claudia sides into her car after placing her bags in the trunk. She raises the volume to the stereo and sings along. She bobs her head to the beat of the music. 
Claudia drives up the driveway, parking the car. She exits the car, turns, and reaches into the trunk to grab the bags. She turns to step away from the car and, with her hip, she closes the car door. 
She takes long quick strides, anxious to get inside the house. She walks straight into Veronica’s room.
“Veronica, look what I bought. I just love them,” says Claudia, grinning. 
She pulls the box out of the bag, and slips on her new red high FM pumps. She prances around the room, laughing. “I want to wear them with my sexy black dress.”
“Oh, yeah! They’re awesome. You know that I’ll borrow them,” says Veronica, laughing. She rolls on the bed away from Claudia’s fist. It’s so fun to get my sis worked up.
“You’re hardly ever home. We can’t allow them get ruined in your closet. I’ll take care of them for you.” Veronica’s eyes sparkle merrily. 
“Yes, I know you will. Thanks,” replies Claudia, rolling her eyes.
“Well, are you ready?” asks Veronica. 
“Almost. I would like to take a quick shower,” says Claudia, grinning and running to her room. “I’ll be ready in a few.”
“Claudia, you have to hurry. Paty and Bella are waiting for us,” yells Veronica. 
A little while later Paty, Bella, and the bebes are heading for a table. Geeze, I miss going out with the Primas (cousins). We’re more like sisters. We always have fun and I enjoy our time together. We totally trust, respect, and like each other.
“Primas, I really like your new outfits. It’s about time that you two you bought some sexy, hot dresses,” says Veronica, nodding. She looks at their outfits with approval.
“Si, I like them. They’re real sexy,” agrees Claudia. She looks at her primas. “You two finally bought some sexy outfits. I think they’re a little more daring.” 
“Yeah, I agree. We went to Eve’s Pleasure today and we selected several outfits, along with undies, and lingerie. We think we should be ready for when we meet the one,” states Bella. She grins wickedly.
“Primas, we’re thinking it will soon be our turn to meet The One,” says Paty. She smiles and glances around the club.
“Paty, I think that it’s great that you’re being optimistic. You know, prima, what they say about positive thinking,” says Claudia. She smiles at them and turns around to look at the chicos.
“Primas, I don’t see any new chicos tonight. They look to be the same as yesterday,” says Veronica, looking around the club.
“I agree. I see that. It’s so disappointing. Oh well, we’ll still have fun,” says Paty, grinning. “What do you want to drink?”
“I want a Margarita,” replies Bella. She looks around. “I’m still not losing hope that someone interesting is here.”
“Yes, prima, I want some water,” replies Veronica. She taps her fingers on the table to the beat of the music.
“Prima, I want a Tequila Sunrise,” says Claudia. She grins at her cousin. “Vero is driving.”
“Okay, I’ll get them ordered,” says Paty. She looks for the server. This looks like another boring night. These chicos just don’t want to dance. Maybe we should stop coming here and go to another club, muses Paty. She finally places their order with the server.
“Primas, today Gabriel came over to my home. His Padres (parents) asked for Erica’s hand. I think that’s so neat,” says Bella, smiling.
“Yeah, prima, that’s real exciting,” agrees Veronica. I wonder where Christopher is now. He said he had something to do tonight. This is annoying, muses Veronica.
“I hope that I’ll have my novio soon,” says Paty.
“Yeah, I know. Erica is so happy. She said that Gabriel’s padres are real nice,” says Bella.
“Si, Erica is truly lucky. To think that she never goes to clubs. The first time that she goes to a club, she meets the one,” says Claudia. Hmmm, that’s luck, she thinks.
“Yeah, I agree, prima. Hopefully her luck will rub off on us soon,” says Paty.  
“Well, primas, at least we’re trying. So let’s stay happy and enjoy ourselves,” says Bella. We need to have fun on our own, she thinks.
A few Chicos approach them to dance. The Primas dance every time. There’s no click, no chemistry, not once. But the primas enjoy themselves.
The next day, Claudia wakes up happy and relaxed. Oh, yes, I had fun this weekend. But it’s almost over, muses Claudia. 
She stretches in bed, smiling. I’ll take a shower, then have some breakfast with my familia. 

Damn, my little vacation is almost over. I have only a few more hours to play, thinks Loco. He turns over on his bed. Oh yeah, I love the feel of these sheets against my skin.  
Ghost has gone off with that chica. Yeah, he totally fell for that Latina beauty. She looked young to me. I wonder how old she is. She does appear to be a good chica. Oh yeah, but you never know. I don’t trust the chicas, muses Roberto. 
He laughs with glee. He met her that first night. It was hilarious, how the chica reacted when she saw Ghost. Her eyes expanded as wide as humanly possible. I thought at first that she was scared and ready to yell. Then she smiled at Ghost. I think that hooked him in. 
Yeah, the chicas always run. I wonder if he really fell. Ghost never dates a chica, no matter how much he likes her. He has continued to see her all week. She looks totally fascinated by Ghost, ponders Roberto, grinning.
Okay, I’m hungry, thinks Roberto. He slides out of bed and walks towards the bathroom to get ready for his last day at home. 

Later that evening, the De La Cruz familia (family) is relaxing and enjoying their gathering. In the background, you can hear romantic Mexican love songs playing. The night is beautiful. The sky looks like navy blue velvet and sparkling diamonds.  
The mamas are happily cooking the dinner meal. Their husbands are the familia’s patriarchs. The padres are happily chatting, playing pool, and drinking their Coronas. 
The primos (cousins) are sitting at the tables located around the patio. They’re chatting about the week and the pact that they agreed to on Friday night at the club.
 “Yes, prima, it’s awesome,” says Veronica, nodding. “It’s about time he found his alma gemela.”
“Si, wow, that’s amazing,” says Claudia, nodding. 
Claudia looks around at the primos. She glances at Veronica. I know my hermana has her alma gemela. Geeze, that’s incredible, she thinks.
“Mis (my) Niñas, we need your help to clean up,” calls out the Tia’s. The primas stand to help clean the tables. 
“I’ll help clean up the tables,” says Bella. She looks at Jessy and Jacki, who stand to help. 
Bella takes some plates over to the sink and returns to gather more. Jessy and Jacki assist in the cleaning. 
“Claudia, are you leaving soon?” asks Veronica. 
“Yes, in a couple of hours,” replies Claudia, taking the plates. “I think this mission will be over soon. I’m thinking about resigning from the FBI.”
“Wow, is that true? Really, Claudia?” exclaims Veronica. “I hope Christopher resigns, too.”
“Talk to him, Vero. I think he’s as fed up with this as I am,” says Claudia. “I hate being away from the familia (family) for so long. I don’t find it exhilarating anymore. It simply doesn’t feel like we will ever get rid of the scum.”
“I’m going home to get ready,” says Claudia. She places the dishes on the counter. 
“Okay, hermana, take care,” says Veronica. She closes her eyes tightly, trying not to cry. She gives Claudia a hug. I wonder why I feel this apprehension, this ache, thinks Veronica.
“Si, I’ll be back soon,” says Claudia, closing her eyes. Geeze, this ache in my heart is driving me crazy. “No worries.” 
Claudia opens her eyes and notices Christopher walking into the patio. Great, he’s finally here. Veronica really misses him. 
Veronica pulls away and sees Christopher. “Christopher,” squeaks Veronica, running into his arms. 
Claudia observes them. Christopher hugs Veronica close and gives her a deep beso (kiss). 
Yeah, they’re still in love. Damn, that’s amazing, thinks Claudia, grinning. I’m going to my room for a quick nap. Tonight is going to be busy at work.

Later that night, Claudia walks into the training room to work out. She is wearing a cute soft pink sports bra with black yoga pants. She pulls the hairband off her wrist and gathers her hair into a ponytail.
Good, the room is empty, I don’t feel like talking. I want to train. I know that we’re getting close to game time, muses Claudia. 
She punches the bag and jumps back. Si, I’m going to resign! She punches fast and hard, getting her frustrations out. The sweat is rolling down her face. The sweat continues to roll down her back, neck, and gathers between her breasts.
Hell, yes. That feels good. I’m ready to stop. She walks over to the bench to grab her towel. She gazes out of the window. She spots Matt walking down the hall.
Damn, this is all I need. I don’t want to talk to Matt. Matt is only a friend. He wants to date, but I won’t date him. I don’t like him like that. I don’t want to encourage him. I’m not attracted to him. He’s sweet and cute but it’s not there. Si, we work together but I don’t like dating men from work.
She grabs her towel to wipe her face. Damn, I’m glad that I’m done working out. 
“Hi, Claudia, did you have a good work out?” asks Matt. He approaches her. Damn, she’s so beautiful. I want her to go out with me, thinks Matt.  
Yeah, he’s going to talk to me, thinks Claudia. She stops patting her face with the towel. Ok, be nice. He’s nice and works with me.
Claudia smiles at Matt. “I’m done, but I’m in a hurry. I have a meeting in ten,” says Claudia, nodding. 
She turns and strides to the locker room. “Later, Matt,” says Claudia walking away.
“Okay, talk to you later,” replies Matt. He walks to the locker room to get ready to work out. 
Chapter Five

Claudia takes a few hours off later that week. She has dinner with the familia. 
This is fun. I love spending time with them. Claudia. She takes a drink of her Corona.
“Mama, Papa, I’m going to start to work on Monday at the familia’s company. I’m going to work as an assistant in the Interior Decorating Department. I’ll be working with Jessy and Monique,” says Veronica, smiling. 
“That’s great, mi hija (my daughter),” say her parents, simultaneously. They smile at her, with pride and joy.
“Vero, that’s awesome,” says Tony, smiling. “See, Vero, I told you that there would be a position available for you.”
“I’m happy that you found something that interests you,” agrees Claudia, smiling. “I’ll be working at the familia company soon, when I leave my job in the FBI.”
“Mi hija, are you serious? This news makes me extremely happy because I’ve been praying that you leave that job and work for the familia,” says Mama Lupe, beaming.
“Yes I agree, I’m glad that you’ve made that decision,” says Papa Jorge, nodding. 
“Claudia, that’s wonderful news. I know that you’ll be able to find a position that you will like at the familia’s company,” says Tony, smiling.
“Mama, Papa, I’m going to the coffee shop. I’m meeting a Chica. I’ll be back later,” says Tony, getting up from the table.
“Who’s the chica?” asks Veronica, excited. She looks at her brother. “Is it Theresa?” 
Tony looks at Veronica. I’ve forgotten all about Theresa. Hmmm, I hope she doesn’t call me, muses Tony.
“No, Vero, this is Cynthia,” says Tony, grinning. “No more details.” 
“Tony, don’t be that way,” says Veronica, pouting. “Claudia, help me get it out of him.” 
Veronica looks at Claudia, waiting for her help. 
Claudia grins and shrugs. “Tony, we’re going to get you when you return,” says Claudia, wickedly. “I’m going to stay long enough to make you tell us all.”
“Yeah, right! I don’t think so!” replies Tony. 
“My hijo, enjoy your evening,” says Mama Lupe. She watches him leave. I need to talk to Tony. What’s he doing? Is he dating two chicas? I need to know what he’s feeling, muses Mama Lupe.
“Mama, I’m not staying tonight,” says Claudia. “I have training tonight.”
“My niña, I’m pleased that you’re going to leave that job. I’m constantly worried about you. I believe that it’s time for you to leave and that you’ve gotten that dream out of your system. I don’t want to see you waste your life in that type of work. Time is flying,” says Mama Lupe, gazing at her. 
“Mama, I’m going to resign after this mission is over because I’ve been thinking it’s time. I’ve had enough of this and I’m ready to work at the familia’s company. I’m also ready to marry and have my own familia,” says Claudia, nodding. She takes another drink of Corona. 
“Claudia, this news truly makes me happy. I’ll pray that you complete this mission soon and return to us,” says Mama Lupe, nodding. 
“Mi hija, this news gives me pleasure and relief,” agrees Papa Jorge. “I’ve been worried about you and the time you spend away from your familia.”
“Si, papa, that’s one of the reasons why I want to resign. I’m missing a lot of special moments. I don’t want to waste my youth in the Bureau,” says Claudia. “Don’t worry, I’ll be home to stay soon.”

Loco is leaning back in the chair with his legs stretched out. He’s in the training room ready for the class to start. 
I wonder where Ghost went off to. He’s never late, ponders Loco. 
Ghost strides urgently down the hall. He’s anxious to get to the training class. Damn, I’m late, he thinks. 
He strides into class and walks over to his seat. He slides into his seat, looking at Loco. 
Loco glares at him, shakes his head. Fucking hell, he’s totally into Andrea, muses Roberto.
“Jackson, you’re late!” yells Officer Martell. “Three extra laps.”
“Yes sir,” replies Ghost. He glares back at Loco. 
Officer Martel starts the class. They spend the entire evening in class.   

A few days later, as usual, the entire familia is at the Sunday dinner. Everyone is excited about the latest events. 
“Veronica, do you think I’m going to ever meet the one, my alma gemela (soul mate),” asks Claudia, looking around.
“Yes, Claudia, I do. It’ll be soon,” says Veronica, nodding. She smiles, thinking of Christopher.
“I know, but I still feel anxious,” says Claudia. “I’m going to start some serious undercover stuff.”
“I’ll pray that you’re safe. OMG, so is Christopher!” says Veronica. 
She turns to look at Claudia, alarmed. She’s worried and full of frustration with the knowledge of the danger involved. 
“I’ll be happier when you resign. I’m glad that you’ve decided to leave the Bureau. I need to talk to Christopher about this. He didn’t tell me about this serious dangerous undercover mission. Damn, I’m going to talk to him,” says Veronica. 
She pulls out her cell. She glares at Claudia. “Baby, where are you? I need to talk to you,” says Veronica, looking at Claudia. “Okay, I’m waiting.”
Claudia observes Veronica’s anger. “Christopher didn’t tell you?” asks Claudia. “Sorry.”
“No, he didn’t,” replies Veronica, grinning. Yeah, we’re too busy when he’s out, muses Veronica.
“Yes, I’ve decided that this will be my last job and I’ll turn in my resignation. I’m ready,” says Claudia. She looks at Veronica, grinning. 
“That sounds great,” says Veronica. Yeah, it’s about time, thinks Veronica. Now I need to talk to Christopher about my modeling and his resigning from the Bureau. I can’t believe that we’ve haven’t been able to talk these past few months. OMG, this is becoming ridiculous.  
“I’m happy to hear that. Maybe we’ll marry at the same time. We could start our familias,” says Veronica, grinning.
“Yes, Veronica, I’ll pray that that would be the case,” says Claudia, nodding. Si, I’m looking forward to the future. 
She observes the happy couples. “Even Javier has a novia and it appears that they are in love. Let’s go and talk to them. I want to meet his novia. She really looks beautiful.” 
“Yes, let’s go and interrupt them for a few,” says Veronica, smirking. “I know that Javier will be pissed. He looks like he’s all into her.”
“Yes, I agree,” replies Claudia, nodding. She follows Vero over to meet Javier’s novia. 
“Primo (cousin), we want to meet your novia,” says Veronica, standing next to their table. She pulls out a chair to sit down. 
Claudia follows, grinning. I know he’s not thrilled that we’ve interrupted them, she thinks.
She sits across from them. “Yes, primo, please introduce us to your novia,” asks Claudia, nodding. She looks at Gabriella, smiling. 
“Primas, this is my novia Gabriella,” says Javier, smiling. He turns to Gabriella. “Chiquita (little one), these are the bebes (babies). They’re gemelas (twins). This is Veronica and this is Claudia.”
“Mucho gusto (nice to meet you), Veronica, Claudia,” says Gabriella, smiling. She looks at the beautiful primas. Wow, they are gorgeous, she thinks. 
“Hola (hi), Gabriella,” says Veronica. She smiles. “I’m so glad that Javier found a nice and beautiful novia (girlfriend).” 
“Gabriella, mucho gusto,” says Claudia, grinning. “Primo, when is the wedding?”
“Primas, the wedding won’t be until I leave the Navy and hopefully that’ll be soon,” says Javier. He puts his arm around Gabriella’s small waist.
“Oh, how exciting,” says Claudia, looking at Gabriella’s engagement ring and bracelet.
“Gabriella, let me see your engagement ring,” says Veronica. She leans closer to see. “Oh, yeah, it is beautiful.”
“Yes primo, great job,” says Claudia, nodding. Wow, look at the huge and beautiful ring. All my primos bought their novias awesome wedding rings. This is great! muses Claudia. 
“Gabriella, you’re going to school?” asks Veronica. Hmmm, I wonder how old she is.
“Yes, Veronica, I’m starting school in a few weeks. I’m going to study to be a Medical Assistant,” replies Gabriella, nodding. The twins appear to be nice and it appears that they do like me, thinks Gabriella. “What about you?”
“I’m starting a new job tomorrow as the Interior Decorating Assistant,” replies Veronica, nodding. “I used to model but I got tired of modeling. The fiasco that happens daily with all the girls gets old.” Veronica shrugs.
“Oh, wow, that sounds exciting. I can understand the issues. I heard that it’s hard to get along with other models,” states Gabriella. She takes a drink of her Coke.
“Yes and the agencies are extremely demanding,” replies Veronica. She gazes at Gabriella. Hmmm, she looks like she could be a successful model. She really is gorgeous, thinks Veronica.
“What about you, Claudia?” asks Gabriella, turning to look at the other twin. They do look alike but their expressions are what make them a little different, thinks Gabriella.
“Well, Gabriella, I’m an FBI agent,” says Claudia. “Not real exciting.” 
“Oh, omg! What do you mean not real exciting? I think if anything, that the entire job is exciting! It must be exciting and dangerous,” exclaims Gabriella. She looks at Claudia with great admiration. “That’s awesome.”
“Yes, but it’s not really all that exciting. It’s more paperwork and training than anything,” says Claudia, smiling.
“Primo, Gabriella, we have to go. My mama is calling us over to help,” says Veronica, standing. “Nice meeting you, Gabriella.”
“Yes, nice meeting you,” says Claudia, standing. She pulls back a strand of hair behind her ear, grinning.
“Adios (bye), Veronica, Claudia,” says Gabriella. She smiles as they leave to help clean up. 
“OMG!” squeals Veronica, running into Christopher’s arms. “Baby, it’s about time.”
“Bebe,” says Christopher, smiling. “I missed you.” He pulls her into his arms, gives her a hungry beso.
“Later,” says Claudia. Yeah, I have to go to get my bag ready, she thinks.

The next day, Claudia is training with her partner Christopher. 
“Christopher, I’m thinking of resigning after this mission,” says Claudia. “I’m tired of dealing with the scum.”
“Yeah, I’m thinking the same. I want to marry Veronica. It’s time. We’ve been putting it off long enough. We’ve haven’t had time to even discuss our plans. We only have a couple of days off and I have to also spend time with my familia,” says Christopher. He wraps the towel around his neck. 
“Okay, I don’t feel bad now. I felt like I was deserting you,” says Claudia, grinning. 
“Yeah, thanks for the heads up. This makes it even easier to leave the Bureau. I didn’t want you to have to get another partner,” replies Christopher. 
They walk out of the gym to take a shower. “I’ll see you in the classroom,” says Claudia, walking into the women’s rooms. 
“Okay,” says Christopher. He strolls into the men’s rooms.
Oh wow, I missed my appointment for the pregnancy shot. I don’t have time to get it now. This mission should be over in a few days. No worries, thinks Claudia, shrugging.
Chapter Six

A couple weeks later, Claudia is packing her gear at her temporary apartment. The FBI agency installed me in this apartment. I don’t live here in this apartment. It’s just a front for the undercover that I’ve been working on for the past year. I can’t believe it’s been that long. Finally, we’re making some progress. I truly thought this mission would be over by now. It’s had some delays.
I need to be ready by midnight to meet with the arms dealer. The setup is in place. It’s been hard work but we’ve managed to infiltrate into the dangerous world of drugs, arms, and death. 
Claudia finishes braiding her long brown hair into a French braid. She’s naturally feminine and sexy. She has on her favorite black lace bra and black lace bikini panties from Eve’s Pleasures. 
She turns around and pulls on her black leather pants, bullet proof vest under her black long sleeve t-shirt, black leather jacket, and black leather boots. She slides a couple of knives into the black leather boots that have special-made sleeves and a Glock in each boot.
Claudia also tucks a Glock at the small of her back in the waist band of her leather pants. She slides a knife in the French braid and some in her leather jacket. She’s loaded with weapons. The one weapon that she has exposed is the one that she puts in the front of her side holster. 
Christopher and I have made contacts and have achieved our goal to get close to the arms dealer and drug Cartel. We’ve earned their trust. The stage is set. 
Now, we have to go through the transaction which will be recorded. After we’ve obtained the state-of-the-art ammunitions, we will wait for the dealer to leave. We will wait with the ammunition cargo. 
The entire FBI team will sweep in and capture the arms dealer as he leaves the building, she mentally reviews the plan.
Getting the terrorist to make a deal to sell the sophisticated ammunition has been a feat. The terrorist wanted to get the highest price for it and there have been a lot of negotiations. This has been a real draining process. The negotiations have been completed and now, show time is at midnight. 
This will be a great achievement for Christopher’s and my careers, if this transaction is successfully completed. Not that it matters anymore. I’m leaving the Bureau, muses Claudia.
Gaining the trust to do business with us has been accomplished by taking baby steps. After many transactions and much patience, we’re finally able to get a big cargo of state-of-the-art ammunition.
Christopher and I have managed to achieve a double infiltration. We also have gained the trust of the Mexican Cartel. We have become the ammunition buyers for the Cartel.  
We’re posing as the Cartel’s minions to purchase ammunition for the Cartel located in Mexico. The terrorists believe that the state-of-the-art ammunition is being sold to the Mexican Cartel.
Christopher feels like he has to always protect me even if he knows that I can take care of myself. I know that Christopher sees me as his hermana (sister). 
Christopher Rosas and I went through training together. We know each other’s weaknesses and strengths. We’ve been working together as partners since graduating from the academy. We have gone through a lot of undercover and work hazards that have made us bond. We’re close like hermanos. We each know what the other is thinking when we’re in action and danger. We have each other’s backs.
I’ve worked hard to be in the position I’m in. This has not been pleasant. It’s tough to associate on any level with the garbage. Calling them animals is too kind. 
The men that I have been dealing with are the scum of the earth. They will stop at nothing to gain the money, the power that they want. It doesn’t matter who they hurt or betray. 
This has started to drain me; I have been feeling weary of the endless amount of scum in the world. No matter how many are captured and imprisoned, there’s always a new batch coming up.  
These men are strong, mean, and soulless. These men are eager to replace and seize whatever position there is available. These are men that will do anything for power and will stop at nothing. Their goal is gaining wealth, no matter what the price is or the sacrifice required.
The doorbell rings and Claudia strides quickly to open the door. First, I need to make sure it is Christopher. You just never know. I need to be careful, especially since show time is tonight.
Si, it is Christopher and he’s ready to go. She opens the door and steps back.  
Christopher is wearing his favorite black tight leather pants and jacket with black cycle boots. Christopher looks gorgeous. He has green eyes, dark brown hair and a golden tan. He’s 6”2” and is trim, with a lean body with just the right amount of abs and muscles to make the chicas’ mouths water. He’s definitely a man’s man.
Claudia opens the door. “You’re ready, good,” says Claudia. She walks back to her room to close her duffle bag. 
Christopher is right behind her ready to scoop up the bag for her. Geeze, he’s always doing that, like I can’t do it. I wonder if he ever will stop babying me. I know he knows I can take care of myself. He’s my partner.
“Okay, Claudia, we need to get going to get ready for show time. The crew is stationed a few blocks from the warehouse. We need to get the special microphones and webcams on us. Come on, let’s go,” says Christopher.  
He turns, exits the room. He strides to the SUV, to the front door. He throws her bag over the seat and into the back seat of the black SUV, which has bullet proof glass and steel panels.
They both climb into the front seats. Driving down the street, they look for anything that can be wrong, anything that can make the entire operation shut down. The street looks clean.  
They drive to the location a few blocks from the warehouse and drive through a gate that they have opened with the remote opener. Going behind the warehouse, they push the automatic door opener and drive into the warehouse. Christopher parks the SUV inside the warehouse.   
Getting out, they enter another building and quietly pass clearance with the two guards stationed for security. Not a word is exchanged by Christopher, Claudia, or the guards.  
They walk into the room located in the center of the warehouse. It’s so well protected that when you approach it, you can’t see any light filtering through the cracks.  
They knock on the door and wait for clearance. Claudia and Christopher walk down a hallway and into a room where the Director and other FBI agents are waiting.  
“Ready for action?” asks the Director Elliot Brown. Director Brown, aka Ice, is well known for his cold-as-ice blood and attitude. He gets the job done. Period! He’s 6’4” tall, with blonde hair and has incredible light blue eyes that rarely, if ever, show emotions. He has the body of a weight lifter, nothing but hard muscle, not an ounce of fat. “This is what we’ve been working for. We will finally get that scum. Smith, put on the equipment.”  
Smith walks over to Claudia and Christopher. Good thing both of them have their ears pierced, thinks Smith.
“This is a new device we’re trying out. The webcam is inside the studs. We want both of you to wear the studs. We’ll be able to monitor from each side of you. The studs are also a tracking device in case anything goes down. 
Claudia takes the studs and looks at them “They look like real diamonds. Nice,” says Claudia, nodding. “Good thing you have your ears pierced, Christopher. I think they’ll look cool on you, real sweet.” 
“Yeah, I think they’re cool. They don’t look like anything else but diamond studs. Brilliant,” says Christopher.
“Yes, they’re real awesome and the latest technology. The stud’s stem works as an actual antenna. The small cam and speaker combination is inside the stud that is made to look like the real diamond. It is very remarkable,” says Smith, grinning. 
He’s pleased with the new babies that he helped create. “We’ll be able to see and hear everything. If the assignment goes down wrong and you get snatched, we’ll be able to track you. We’ll be able to rescue you quickly.”
Claudia and Christopher also are armed with firearms to use for protection and to exterminate enemies, if needed. 
“I want you two to make the transaction and get out of there. I don’t want to blow your cover. We might need to use it on another assignment planned for the other Cartel. Make it quick. As soon as you two exit the warehouse we will burst in and clean the trash,” says Director Ice. “It should all flow nice and smooth. Okay, ready to execute.” 
Claudia and Christopher exit the room and head for the SUV. They climb inside and quickly leave the warehouse. They head to the rendezvous. Each of them is on a high dose of adrenaline. They’re excited that finally they will be able to finish with this mission.

Loco strides into the barracks to get his work clothes. “What are you doing?” asks Loco. He looks over at Ghost. 
“I’m waiting for the call,” says Ghost. His voice low, grinning.
“I thought you would want to work out. I want to do some sparring and you’re the only one that makes it tough,” says Loco. 
He narrows his eyes at Ghost. Damn, he’s all into this chica. That’s scary, he thinks.
“Okay, that sounds great! I’ll work out with you in a few, okay?” replies Ghost, grinning. “I need to talk to her for a few minutes.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, right,” says Loco. He turns to get dressed. “I’m going to spar with Panther.” 
“I’ll be there in a few,” replies Ghost, answering the cell. 
Loco walks out of the barracks, shaking his head. He walks to the gym to work out. 
Chapter Seven

Claudia and Christopher arrive at the warehouse. The warehouse is located a few blocks down from the conference site. They’re on time. They’re anxious and excited to go and finish the transaction. 
This is going to be a grand production, thinks Claudia. I’m ready and I’m already into my role.
They park the SUV outside of the warehouse, close to the door so they can do a quick exit after the transaction. They walk into the warehouse, fully aware of the danger they’re entering. 
Christopher is carrying all three duffle bags with ninety million dollars for the newest, most dangerous state of the art ammunition. Not even the government has it available. 
This is it, the big night. Yeah, I just don’t feel right about it, thinks Claudia, waiting for the drug cartel’s dealer. 
Geeze, he isn’t even the big fish, he’s his right hand. Christopher and I are just putting our vidas (lives) in jeopardy. All of it for this little snake, she thinks. With irritation, she attempts to control her feelings and not give herself away.
It’s 0015 and he’s late, like always. No way can you expect these jerks to have any type of manners. I need to remain cool and in control. I don’t need El Gato to suspect anything after all of these months of hard work. 
She turns to look around the warehouse, noticing that it’s a little bigger than she thought. Hmmm, this is a good size building with lots of places to hide. I know that we have some back-up on the roof. The FBI agents will also be outside, down the road waiting to come in. Damn, it’s a little dark in here. 
Christopher looks at his watch. This is just freaking unbelievable. Los bastardos (the bastards) are late again. It’s 0030. I wonder what they’re up to because I don’t like this. They have the habit of being late. They’re on Mexican time, but they’ve never been this late before, he thinks, turning to look at Claudia, raising his eyebrow. 
Claudia looks at her watch, nods. “Ten more minutes,” she says. 
She looks at the back door. They’ve never been this late before on other transactions. Yeah, a few minutes but not this late. I wonder what they’re up to. They’re thirty minutes late! she thinks.
Christopher walks over to the table and sets the three duffle bags on top. He looks around, trying to get the layout and feel of the warehouse. 
He looks up to the steel roof. Hmmm, it’s not a glass roof and the team can’t see what’s going on. We will have to work with the studs and pray that they work. We should have tried them out yesterday to see if and how the studs work. Now we have to trust that they work. Yeah, it is fucking incredible, he thinks. 
Christopher feels antsy and notices that the back door is slowly opening up. A truck is coming into the warehouse.
There’s also a car right behind the truck with four gueys (jerks). We’re not expecting extra guests. We’re prepared for anything, but that! thinks Christopher. 
He watches the car stop behind the truck, about twenty feet back. Excellent, this is the truck with the ammunition on it. This is going to be tricky, because of the extra gueys. I don’t trust them. Damn, now I have to drive it out without Claudia. She has to escape quickly as I go.
Claudia stands ready at the end of the table. She looks at the truck pull in, quickly pulls out her Glock. 
She waits for them to stop. There’re two men inside the cab of the truck. What in the hell is this? There are more men in that car that pulled in, thinks Claudia. Oh hell, this is going to get bad.
The truck is a moving truck, thinks Claudia. We need to check this out back at the office. She memorizes the license plate. 
El Gato jumps out and walks over to Claudia. The driver jumps out of the truck. He runs to the back of the truck to open the back doors.
Before the driver can open up the back doors, all hell breaks loose. “Gato, have your gueys in the car pull out! Turn the truck around, facing the garage door, and leave it running,” yells Christopher. He doesn’t like the situation. 
He points his Glock at el Gato. We’re not expecting the other car with the four gueys. “Now!”
The other car with the four gueys is about twenty feet behind the truck and the car is running as the four gueys jump out. They stand next to their doors.
El Gato gawks at Christopher and Claudia. Yeah, they’re suspicious. Hmmm, should I comply or ignore his request? It will actually work for me anyway if the truck is ready to go when we put Christopher out and take Claudia. Si, the dulce (sweet) Claudia, he thinks. 
“Hola, niños (hello kids),” says el Gato. He’s always trying to intimidate them with his age and experience. He looks them over. They’re only babies playing with adults, he thinks. 
The niña (little girl) is a beauty and I know that I’m going to have her first. I just can’t wait, he thinks licking his lips. He looks her over. 
“Bruno! Turn the truck around and leave it running,” yells el Gato, gawking at Claudia.
“Do you have the cargo?” asks Christopher. I’m fucking going to kill him. I don’t like how this animal is looking at Claudia. I don’t trust him. She is not for him and I will kill him before he even gets to touch her. “We don’t have all night!” 
“Claro (of course)!” says el Gato. He looks over at Claudia, grinning. His grin looks evil. 
He walks over to the truck where the driver is standing with his gun pulled out. 
“Your guey is a little over zealous,” says Claudia. She smiles at him. Claudia walks over to the back of the truck. “We need to see the ammunition.” She stops a few feet away from the back of the truck, ready to shoot.
“Gato, move your guey away from the door!” yells Christopher. 
I fucking don’t like the way the animals are looking at Claudia, he thinks.
Christopher moves closer to the door to look inside to verify the ammunition. 
El Gato makes a hand signal to have the driver move to the other side of the truck with an evil smile. “Que pasa (what’s wrong)?” asks el Gato. 
He looks at Christopher and he looks into the truck with a flash light. “Everything is good.”
“Si,” replies Christopher. He walks back to the table, not losing sight of el Gato and his guey. 
Carefully, he gets the bags. He starts to open the bags, while he continues to look at el Gato. 
Christopher waits for el Gato to walk over to verify the funds.
This is too much for my nerves. El Gato looks like he’s more interested in Claudia than in the money, deliberates Christopher. 
El Gato turns to look at Christopher. He’s trying to pay attention to the transaction. It’s difficult to keep track of what’s transpiring. My mind is on el jefe (the boss), el Tigre, and his demand that we take Claudia back to him. 
“Bruno, aqui pronto (over here, hurry),” yells el Gato. He wants to start counting the money before completing the transaction. I need to make sure that the bottom of the pile is also money. 
Bruno sprints over to the table. He slides his gun in his waist. 
Bruno starts counting the money. It takes a little while to count all the money. It’s not easy to count ninety million dollars in hundred dollar bills
Finally el guey is done. He’s anxious to get the transaction over with. 
I don’t like how El Gato keeps licking his lips. He looks at Claudia like a fine piece of meat, muses Christopher. 
This is too much. I really hope that Claudia truly means to resign or to change to an office desk position after this mission. I don’t ever want to be the one to be with her if anything awful happens in any deal, thinks Christopher. 
“Todo bien (everything good),” says Bruno. He zips up the duffle bags and gets ready to take them. 
“Okay,” says Christopher, smiling. “Take the money and disappear.” 
“Si,” agrees El Gato. He walks towards the table to get one of the duffle bags. He approaches the table and quickly turns to shoot Christopher in the side, right between the right ribs and stomach, missing any major organs. 
The vest is not covering that portion of his body. Christopher falls down onto the filthy ground. He shoots back, before blacking out from the blow that el Gato gives him. 
Everything happens quickly and Claudia takes aim. 
El Gato turns around as Claudia aims, ready to shoot him, when Bruno knocks her out. 
El Gato quickly scoops her up and takes her to the car. “Vamanos pronto (lets go, hurry), gueys,” yells el Gato. 
He rests Claudia in the back seat with one guey. El Gato goes to sit in the front on the passenger side.  
The guey in the back seat with Claudia immediately sees her diamond stud earrings. He takes them off. 
Yes, these are amazing and my woman will just love them, thinks Lucas. He puts the stud earrings in his pocket before el Gato sees him. 
The driver in the car quickly pulls out of the garage. He turns onto the dirt road, going a hundred miles an hour. 
Two of the gueys from the car spring to help Bruno get the bags. They grab the duffle bags full of money. 
One guey turns and aims at Christopher’s chest. He shoots him. Yeah, we have to make sure that this guey is dead, thinks the guey. 
He then sprints to the truck, jumping inside the front seat, laughing. 
Christopher is bleeding from the shot in the side and is unconscious. 
There are shots coming from the roof top as the FBI agents instantly figure out that the transaction has gone bad. 

The FBI agents realize that the gueys are taking the ammunition and money. “ICE, the elements are taking the money and we have no communication from agent Rosas or agent De La Cruz,” says FBI agent Waterford. 
“Get in the warehouse and tell me what’s happening! Agents King, Landers, Edwards, Chin, and Anderson follow the truck and car. Terminate the elements if needed,” barks out ICE. 
He paces back and forth in the conference room. This is a nightmare. It should’ve gone down nice and smooth, deliberates Ice.
“ICE, agent Rosas has been shot and is unconscious. We think he’ll make it, but it looks like they took agent De La Cruz,” says FBI agent Waterford, with alarm in his voice.
“The paramedics are on the way,” says ICE. He’s trying to keep control of the situation. 
The director ICE is frustrated with the events that are taking place. The FBI agents are a few minutes behind the drug Cartel. These few minutes can be crucial for Claudia’s safety.
They have Claudia and Christopher is hurt in the warehouse. Damn those bastards! We need to get Claudia away from the cartel before she gets hurt, thinks Ice. He turns, with anger, and smashes his fist into the wall. 
“Agents King, Landers, Edwards, Chin, and Anderson we need you to stop the car! The elements have taken FBI agent De La Cruz,” barks ICE. He’s anxious and concerned for Claudia.
The chase is on and the FBI agents are in pursuit of the truck and the car. There are three FBI cars in pursuit, firing at the truck that’s loaded with the ammunition. 
The guey in the passenger side of the truck is firing at the FBI agents in the cars. 
Bruno is trying to keep from rolling the truck. The fast sharp turns in these extreme high speeds is making it difficult for him to control the truck.  
The guey in the truck shoots the right front tire of the first FBI car, causing it to turn and roll off the road. 
The second FBI agent is pissed off. He shoots at both back tires of the truck, blowing them out, causing the truck to roll on the road. The truck comes to a complete stop, blocking any access.
The two FBI cars stop. The FBI agents continue to shoot at the truck until they kill the three drug cartel elements. 
The car with el Gato and Claudia is speeding away, heading towards a private airport. 
The FBI cars are not able to continue pursuing the car. “ICE, we’re blocked and can’t pursue the car with agent De La Cruz,” says FBI agent Anderson. He feels horrible, full of terror and frustration.

The car with el Gato and Claudia arrive at the private airport. El Gato jumps out and takes Claudia into his arms. He strides quickly, heading to the plane, yelling out to his men. “I need you two gueys to continue down the road and drive to the coast up north.” He then boards the plane with Claudia.
The gueys in the car continue down the road, going in a different direction. The men are not aware that the stud earrings stolen are GPS and that they’re being monitored. 
“ICE, the GPS that agent De La Cruz has is moving towards the coast,” says FBI agent Smith, smiling. He’s pleased that they have Claudia’s location.
“Anderson, you need to get on the highway 5 and then onto 101, heading north. The GPS indicates that the car is heading to the coast,” yells ICE.
I pray that the agents can get Claudia away from these elements, thinks ICS. ICE makes a call to the sheriff and police department, requesting assistance in capturing the car.

The paramedics arrive at the warehouse and quickly take Christopher’s vitals and hook up the IV. They cut off his vest. 
The bullet proof vest saved his life. The bullet shot in the chest was lodged in the vest. 
“Wow, look at the bullet,” says Matthew, the paramedic, to this partner, David. “The vest really works. It saved this agent’s life.”
“Yeah, he’s damn lucky,” says David. He helps to take off the leather jacket and hands it over to the agent that’s standing nearby. “We’re taking him into the Central hospital.” 
“Okay,” says FBI agent Waterford. He looks around the warehouse. He verifies that no evidence of the transaction is left behind.
“ICE, agent Rosas is being taken to the Central Hospital,” says agent Waterford. “The warehouse is clean.”
“Okay, disperse,” says ICE. He watches the GPS monitor. The entire state police force is on their tails. It’s only a matter of minutes before they get caught.
Chapter Eight

El Gato laughs as he drops down into the plane with Claudia in his arms. I need to take all her weapons. He pulls off the Glock on her holster and the one at the small of her back. 
Wow, this niña is really loaded with weapons. He then checks her boots and takes out the other two Glocks and the knives. He shakes his head amazed. 
She’s truly bella. I can’t wait to take her when we get to the compound. I wonder if el Tigre would want her first. Well, I guess I can share, if I must, he thinks. The evil gleams from his dark eyes and alma (soul). 
They arrive within two hours and el Gato has a car waiting for him to take him to the hacienda. He picks Claudia up in his arms. Claudia hasn’t awakened from the hard strike with the gun to her head. Her head is bleeding, the blood running down her neck. 
“Luis, go and gather the guns,” yells el Gato. He slides into the car, arranging Claudia in the back seat. That’s when he notices that her head is bleeding. 
He slides into the front passenger seat. He takes the guns from Luis. “Get back on your own, guey,” he barks. He aims a gun at the driver.
He yells at the driver, cursing him, making him get out of the car. He takes off with the car, leaving the driver stranded on the deserted, isolated road. 
“Hurry up,” says el Gato. “I know that we won’t be arriving until late into the noche (night).” 
The hacienda is located in a very isolated part of central Mexico. They’re driving on a very isolated rough road. This makes it even harder to get to the hacienda. 
“We need to get some food and water before we continue,” says el Gato. “Damn, I’m starving.” 
The driver stops at a small restaurant before they continue out into the long isolated road. The restaurant packs up some food and plenty of water for the long trip. 
Claudia is starting to wake up. El Gato takes the drug that he has ready in the front seat. He injects her with the syringe full of drug. She should be out for a while, he thinks. He smiles evilly.
They get back in the car after having a meal and continue onto the isolated road.

Christopher wakes up at the hospital a little confused, looks around. He shifts and he immediately feels the stitches on his side. He moans out in pain. 
“Damn, this hurts! What the fuck. Where’s Claudia?” utters Christopher.
Christopher carefully sits up in bed and calls the nurse. He swings his legs to the side of the bed. He holds onto his side. He then looks at his arms, checking to see if anything else is damaged.
I’m damn lucky that it was only the shot in the side. Those gueys (jerks) could’ve killed me, muses Christopher.
The nurse enters the room in a hurry. I wonder what the FBI agent could want. These people are so scary, she thinks. She tries to smile.
“Agent Rosas, can I help you?” asks Nurse Roberts. 
“I need to leave now,” says Christopher. “Take these off!” He extends his arm, to have the nurse take off his IV.
“I need to get the doctor to authorize your leaving,” says the nurse Roberts. 
She quickly turns and exits the room. She seeks out the doctor. He scares me half to death, she thinks. She strides over to Dr. Smith.
“Dr. Smith, the FBI agent Rosas wants to leave the hospital and asks to have his IV removed,” says Ms. Roberts. 
“I’ll take care of it, Ms. Roberts,” says Dr. Smith, nodding. 
He observes how terrified she is of FBI agent Rosas. He walks over to Christopher’s room. He enters the room to take off the IV. 
“Is there a reason why you want to leave and not stay for observation?” asks Dr. Smith. I know how impatient the FBI agents, or any type of law enforcement are, thinks Doctor Smith. 
Damn, but I know Christopher, and he is always real cool about things. I wonder what’s happening, ponders Doctor Smith.
He waits to see if Christopher would enlighten him. “You’re technically doing well but the stitches can reopen if you go jumping and running around,” says Dr. Smith. He waits for Christopher to respond.
“Yeah, I know, but my partner has been taken by the Mexican cartel and I need to do something,” says Christopher. “Can you put some medication or something to numb it?”
“Yeah, I can put some medication to numb the area and give you some drugs for the pain,” replies Dr. Smith. I know that there’s no way that I can make Christopher stay in the hospital any longer, he thinks.
“Okay, do it! I have to go,” says Christopher, looking for his clothes. 
Dr. Smith quickly gives Christopher the pain killers and puts some numbing ointment on the wound. “Done. Take care.” 
“Thanks, Eric,” says Christopher, getting off the hospital bed. He grabs his shirt and pulls it on, grimacing from the pain.
“Good Luck,” says Dr. Smith. He strides out of the room. Christopher is right behind him, striding quickly out of the hospital. He calls ICE.
“ICE, where’s Claudia?” asks Christopher. He’s full of terror at thought of what could be happening to Claudia. 
Yeah, I knew that those imbeciles were up to something when they kept on looking at Claudia. Damn! This was supposed to be easy transaction. What in the hell went wrong? We have to get her back. The familia is going to be distraught and so is my Bebe.
“Rosas, the Cartel has her and we don’t know where. The animals in the car had her studs and the GPS is not on her,” says ICE, with frustration. “We need to locate her so we can extract her.
“I’m heading out right now to the office,” says Christopher. I have to think of something that leads us to Claudia. How can we get the Cartel to expose her location without jeopardizing Claudia’s safety? Dios mio, help us get Claudia out of the Cartel’s clutches, contemplates Christopher.
Christopher takes a cab back to the office. He’s in the office within thirty minutes. 
It’s still early and there’s hardly any traffic in the LA area. He walks into the office with an outburst of energy from the adrenaline that he’s feeling.
“Rosas, it’s great to see that you’re alright. We need to get Claudia’s location. We’re at a dead end. Here’s where the truck with the cargo was stopped, causing the agents to stop pursuit of the car that had Claudia. We then had that car heading towards highway 101 going north on the coast. We managed to intercept the car with the assistance of the entire state police department. The elements had Claudia’s stud earrings,” says ICE. 
He’s frustrated. He looks at the map for the thousandth time in the last two hours. I don’t see anything, he muses. 
“The officers couldn’t get any information from the elements. They wouldn’t divulge Claudia’s whereabouts,” says ICE.
Sometimes when you’re looking too hard, you get tunnel vision, thinks Christopher. 
Christopher walks over to the map. He looks at the location of where the truck was stopped. He slowly starts to go out in small increments in diameter to see what’s out there. Some place where they could hide, ponders Christopher. 
“ICE, what if we get Claudia’s sister to pose as Claudia. The drug cartel will wonder if they’ve got the wrong person,” says Christopher. 
He looks at ICE. “Claudia is an identical twin. Maybe this can get us some information on where Claudia was taken,” says Christopher. 
OMG, what am I doing, exposing my Bebe to such danger? What else can we do, we need to get Claudia from the clutches of those animals, ponders Christopher.
“Yeah, I remember reading that in her file. That’s a great idea. I see what you’re thinking and it just might work. We can have them think that they’ve got the wrong person or even better that Claudia escaped,” says ICE, nodding. He’s in agreement. “It might work and we need to try everything. Go and talk to Claudia’s twin and see if she can pose as Claudia to draw out the drug Cartel.” 
“Okay, I’m on it,” says Christopher. He quickly walks out of the office, forgetting about looking any further on the map. 
The FBI agents in the office are missing the private airport on the map. They’re not able to figure out how Claudia was taken out of the area. 
Chapter Nine


Christopher drives quickly to Claudia’s Padre’s casa. He arrives at about 9:00 am. 
It’s a little early but I need to get Veronica on board. We need to prep her. This also can be real dangerous for her. What am I doing, bringing my Bebe into this nightmare?
Christopher walks up to the door and knocks, waiting for them to answer. It’s early on Saturday morning but my Bebe won’t be asleep. I know it. I need to talk to her without getting the entire familia upset.
Veronica is getting ready to go to shopping for some new clothes for her new job. 
Yes, I’m so happy that I’m working in the interior decorating department. It’s so fascinating and I can be creative with all of the materials and colors. I wonder why I didn’t think of this before. The interior decorating department is a new department and now I’m really interested in working at the familia’s company. I know I’ll learn all of the packages that are available for the clients, she muses. 
She sprays some perfume on and looks at herself in the mirror. Yes, it’s a little early for the mall but by the time I get there, it’ll be open. I want to stop for some mocha and a burrito. I’m starving, she thinks.  Hmmm, that sounds delicious. 
She steps back, gazes in the mirror. Yes, I’m wearing this muy (very) cute, cute summer dress with some real sexy shoes. I just love these silver earrings. They’re so sexy and go great with my outfit. Okay, I’m ready to go. She picks up her purse and keys. 
Veronica strides down the hall. Everybody is still sleeping. She hears a knock and walks up to the door. She opens the door before they knock again, waking everybody up. 
Veronica opens the door and looks right into Christopher’s green eyes. Oh yes, my Baby is truly hot, she thinks. 
She’s surprised and pleased to see Christopher early in the morning. She throws herself into his arms. 
“Baby,” squeals Veronica as she reaches up for him. “Te amo!” 
Wow, my Bebe looks delicious. She looks like Claudia, but my Bebe is real sexy and drives me crazy, muses Christopher. 
He pulls her into his arms. He gives her hot hungry besos (kisses). Oh yeah, she smells awesome and I miss loving her. Hmm, we have to get going, no time to be making out.  
Christopher pulls back and smiles. “Bebe, te amo. My sweet Bebe, I miss you,” says Christopher.
Veronica gazes into Christopher’s beautiful green eyes. She’s ecstatic in seeing him early. She listens to him talk. OMG, he’s my world. I love him so much, muses Veronica. 
He gazes into Veronica’s eyes. “Bebe, I’m still on the job.” 
Christopher’s words sink in and she blinks. Veronica looks at him tense and knows that something is wrong.
“What’s wrong? She’s okay?” she asks in a whisper, watching his amazing face look stressed and concerned. OMG, omg, my hermana (sister) is in danger. That’s why I’ve been feeling this ache. I thought that I ate something. I’ve been having stomach issues lately, ponders Veronica. 
“Tell me, Christopher!” she asks in a commanding voice and looking at him. 
“Claudia has been taken by the drug dealer. We were on an undercover transaction. It went bad and the drug dealers took Claudia,” says Christopher. He looks at her. 
“Oh dios mio, what is the Bureau and government doing? My hermana is in danger! OMG, Christopher! This is unreal. The Bureau has to do something. They have to get her out!” shrieks Veronica. Her eyes fill with tears, ready to spell.  
“We need your help. We need you to pose as Claudia and have the Cartel believe that Claudia escaped. We don’t know where they took her,” says Christopher. He gazes into her eyes. I know that my Bebe will want to do this. 
“Bebe, it’s crucial that you help the Bureau. Will you do that? That’s the only chance we have to extract Claudia from the cartel,” says Christopher. 
“What do you mean you want me to pose as Claudia? If they have Claudia, how is this supposed to work?” she says, a little confused.
Veronica starts walking back and forth in the hall. My hermana (sister) is in danger and she needs me. I’ll do whatever they need me to do if it will help. They better know what they’re doing, she thinks. 
She turns to Christopher. “Okay. Do I need to change?”
Christopher looks her up and down. No she looks real sexy and adorable. Huh, well as Claudia she does. Claudia is a lot more, hmmm, conservative, he thinks.
“If you can dress like Claudia, maybe it would be a little better,” he says. 
He grins at Veronica. “You’re really too sexy for the job right now.”
“Okay, I know what you mean. My sister is a little more conservative,” says Veronica, nodding. 
She smiles wickedly. “I will change and then we can go. I’ll do what it takes to get my hermana (sister) back.”  
Christopher pulls her into his arms and holds her close. “I know, Bebe. This is awful. The Bureau is going to do everything to get Claudia away from the cartel. We need your help. We don’t know where the bastardos (bastards) took her,” says Christopher. 
Oh yeah, my Bebe is still everything to me. This mission needs to end. I’m resigning and I will marry my Bebe. It’s been long enough. No more games, no more waiting. We need to talk, thinks Christopher. 
“Bebe, we need to hurry. Will you help us? Can you change into something that Claudia would wear? You know that I love what you have on. You look incredible, but we need them to think that you’re Claudia,” says Christopher.
“Okay, Baby, but after this we need to talk. We have a lot of decisions to make. I’m not going to wait much longer,” says Veronica. She gazes into his eyes. She verifies that he loves her, and smiles. 
Christopher hears every word and understands her frustration. He laughs, pulling her close again. 
“I agree, Bebe, we have to talk. Right now, we need to get Claudia away from the cartel. Please change quickly, Bebe. Time is running out,” says Christopher. You can hear the urgency in his voice. 
“Yes,” replies Veronica, nodding. “Come with me.”
He gazes into her eyes and recognizes her need. “Okay, Bebe, but we don’t have time. You know I love loving you. I’m also hurt,” says Christopher. 
“OMG, Christopher! Really, and you didn’t tell me? That’s unreal! Why are you hiding this from me? We always tell each other todo (everything),” says Veronica. She glares at him and tears gather in her eyes.
Christopher pulls her back into his arms. He holds her close, rubbing her back. 
“Bebe, I didn’t want you to worry. It is only a few stitches. I’m ok. The most important issue right now is figuring out where Claudia is. The Bureau needs your help. I promise that when this is over, we will resolve our issues. Si?” says Christopher.
He pulls back to look into her beautiful eyes. Yeah, she’s still my world and she’s mia (mine), only mia, he thinks. 
Veronica smiles at Christopher, gazes into his amazing light green eyes with the long curly lashes. 
Veronica walks away and returns to her room. She takes off her shoes and walks to Claudia’s room to get an outfit from her closet. 
After about five minutes, Veronica walks back into the hall with only a lipstick, money, and keys in the jacket. 
She smiles at Christopher. “Well, do I pass?” she asks. She looks into his face, waiting for his response. 
“Bebe, it still doesn’t matter because you’re just a naturally sexy woman,” says Christopher. He walks to her, to look at her. Yeah, she’ll always turn me on, he thinks. I really want her. It’s been too long since we’ve been together. 
Yeah my Baby always knows what to say. I love him. “Well you just won yourself ten points,” says Veronica, smiling. “If you’re good you can earn more points and win a prize.” 
Christopher hears her and smiles. Oh yeah, I want to really win this prize. “Okay, I’ll work hard at getting more points,” replies Christopher. He grins with a sexy look on his beautiful face.
Oh man, can she flirt and make me burn. She’s the only one for me. I know it. She just wraps me around her little finger and I know it. The best thing is that I don’t care. She can wrap me around all her fingers. Oh shit, the thought is too painful to bear, he thinks. He feels his cock get hard with his naughty thoughts.
Veronica gazes into his eyes. Yeah, my Christopher’s eyes are turning darker with pasión (passion). I know he’s turned on and wants me, muses Veronica. 
Hmmm, I have to see if he’s hard for me. I just love this. Hmmm, real delicious and hard, she thinks. She gazes into his hot, passionate eyes and smiles. 
“I think you just earned ten more points,” she whispers. She smiles wickedly. 
Veronica turns, strides out the door, knowing that he’ll follow her. Yeah, he’s todo (all) mio, only mio. I will not let him go.
Oh, damn, my Bebe is hot and I’m caught. No way will I fight this. She’s incredible and delicious, he thinks. 
He watches Veronica walk away. He’s entranced with the sexy soft sway of her hips. Even in pants my Bebe is hot. Damn, I’m burning up. Will I survive being close to her today? I’m so hungry for her. Hmmm, my bebe has gained some weight.
I need to hurry up and open the car door for my Bebe. Oh dios mio, Veronica is still my Bebe. 
“Let me get that for you, Bebe,” says Christopher. He anxiously gets the door and assists her into his car. He quickly strides to his side and starts the car. 
“Christopher, before we start this job can we please stop and get some breakfast and mocha. I’m starving, Baby,” says Veronica. She smiles, making him melt. 
“Yes, where do you want to go?” he asks. He turns to look at her at the stop sign. 
“I want a Mexican breakfast burrito and a hot white chocolate mocha,” replies Veronica. She smiles at him, making him forget everything in the world.
“Si, that sounds terrific,” he says. He drives to a small Mexican restaurant. Yes, I’m hungry also. 
Uh, I’d better not forget this is a job and not a date. We need to get to Claudia, muses Christopher. 
Chapter Ten

El Gato is tired and pissed off. This has been a long drive into the hacienda. I need some rest, he thinks. He turns to look at Claudia. 
Hmmm, she is still knocked out with the drugs. I will wait until after I rest to have a taste of this sweet niña. 
He smiles, turning around to see where they are at. Damn, how much longer is this going take? I need to get to the hacienda now. 
El Tigre is sitting behind his huge maple desk in a red leather bound chair. The room has three walls that are full of books. El Tigre considers himself an educated hombre and always wants to learn something new.
I know that the people think that I am ruthless and a savage, but I do have a heart in my chest, he grins. 
I know that el Gato has arrived and he should be here any minute. Yes, this imbecile is going to regret he worked for me, muses Tigre.
El Tigre is an older man in his early fifties and has been in charge of this region for a while. He’s 5’11”. He works out in his gym and eats healthy. He wants to stay fit. He has black hair kept to just above his shirt collar with white at his temples. He has dark brown eyes and a straight nose. He’s always wears a goatee and has even white teeth. 
He’s not real handsome but is considered distinguished by the women.  
El Tigre always dresses in casual elegant attire. He loves to wear dress pants, nice shirts with a sweater or vest. He loves to tie a scarf at his neck and wear black Italian leather shoes. 
The only jewelry he ever wears is the gold ring that he wears on his right hand. This ring is the ring that his mama gave him when he graduated from the university. 
Yes, I’m waiting patiently for el Gato, he thinks. He takes a drink of his tequila.

El Gato is coming up the road. What the fuck! Another twenty minutes more of driving until we’ll finally arrive at the hacienda. 
El Gato is exhausted. He orders the driver to help him carry Claudia inside the hacienda. 
I wonder where el Tigre would want Claudia to be locked up. I would think in the hacienda but you never know with el Tigre. I’ll go and ask el Tigre, he thinks. He walks to the office and knocks on the door.
Finally, el Gato arrives and is knocking at the office door, thinks el Tigre. He looks over at his man, Chavez. He raises his right eyebrow. He signals Chavez to open the door with a wave of his hand.
El Gato turns to tell the driver to wait for him. He hears el Tigre grant him entrance. 
El Gato turns to the open door and walks into the room, smiling. “Tigre, we have the cargo,” says el Gato. He’s pleased and proud of himself. I know that I’ll get some praise for my hard work, he thinks.
El Tigre rises from his chair and walks towards him, smiling.
El Gato doesn’t see that he has a dangerous glint in his eyes. El Tigre is furious with Gato for fucking up. “Imbecile, you’re happy because you brought the muchacha (girl)!” he yells. 
He throws a punch into Gatos’ face, breaking his nose. “We lost millions of dollars and the ammunition!” he yells. He throws another punch at Gatos’ face, cutting his lip open. “Not to mention my hombres, idiota (men, idiot)!” 
He turns, strides away, signaling his hombre Chavez to shoot him. 
Chavez draws out his Glock. He shoots Gato in the heart. Gato falls to his knees, then to the floor, taking his last breath. 
“Chavez, I want you to clean up my room and throw away the trash,” says el Tigre. 
He returns to his desk to push the button. I need to send off the command to our contact in the United States Government. Yes, it’s time for my demands in exchanged for the muchacha (girl), he thinks. 
“Chavez, I need you to order el guey to take the woman to the small guest room in the back. Have him take off her clothes, except her bra and panties. Have him tie her up to the bed. I want you to station two guards in front of her door and two below the window,” says El Tigre. Yeah, I’m not interested in checking the woman out, he thinks. 
I’m waiting for my hija and her Mama. They’re coming by and I can’t take the moment to check this woman out. Besides her purpose is to get el Negro released and his familia off my back. 
When this is taken care of, I can get a few women to enjoy, he thinks. He looks down at his watch. Si, my hija, Virginia, should be here soon and I will have to deal with her Madre (mother) for a few minutes. That’s if I don’t kill her, he thinks with joy. 
“Si, Tigre,” says Chavez. He takes Gato with him. He gets the maid to clean up the floor. 
“Gusano (worm), take the woman to the small guest room in the back. Take her clothes off and leave her in the bra and panties. Tie her up to the bed. Get two gueys to guard the door and two to guard the window,” orders Chavez. He walks out to get rid of el Gato. 
The Gusano (worm) takes Claudia to the small guest room in the back of the hacienda. He quickly takes off her clothes and leaves her only in the sexy black lace bra and panties, making his mouth water. 
What a beautiful woman, he thinks, thinking of touching. He slowly stretches his hand out, he hears footsteps, and gets scared. 
No, they’ll kill me. Si, el Tigre wants this woman for himself, he thinks. 
He quickly ties Claudia to the bed. He walks out to get the guards to stand outside the room and the two guards for the window. Si, she’s beautiful, he thinks. 
El Tigre is going to enjoy this woman tonight. She’s lovely, he thinks.  
El Tigre is sitting at his desk, thinking of all the money and ammunition that he lost tonight. What the fucking hell! These gueys (jerks) are useless! They’re a bunch of idiotas (idiots)! The only thing that’s worth anything now, is the woman. We need to exchange her for el Negro Del Sur. I have to get him out before he spills out all our business to the gringos, he thinks, taking a shot of tequila. 
Chapter Eleven

It’s the end of the day at the FBI agency and Director Young is walking down the hall. Yeah, I’m finally going home, he thinks, turning the corner. 
Commander Martin is heading towards him in a hurry. Director Young takes a deep breath. 
I know that something hot is on or Commander Martin wouldn’t dare to delay me at this time on Saturday evening, muses Director Young. 
“Director Young, we just received this message from the drug cartel. The drug cartel lord has our FBI agent. Agent De La Cruz is being held hostage. They’re demanding that the United States release the drug lord Luis Negro aka el Negro from our custody,” says Commander Martin. 
He waits for the Director Young to take over the terrible situation. I just don’t know what else to do with all of the kidnappings and now this hostage demand, thinks Commander Martin.
“You got to be kidding me!” says Director Young, turning around to go back to his office in defeat. 
I guess I won’t have a weekend after all, he thinks. 
He dials the appropriate agency to get authorization for the exchange, to get the Delta force to go into Central Mexico, to rescue the FBI agent from the clutches of el Tigre. 
At least now we know where FBI agent De La Cruz is located, thinks Director Young, waiting to get the call answered.  
Finally after several rings, the Delta Force Commander answers the call. “Delta Force Commander Knight,” says Kevin. 
I wonder what’s happening this late in the evening on a Saturday night! Geeze! muses Commander Knight. 
“Commander Knight, we have a matter that needs to be taken care of immediately. We have an FBI agent that is, at this moment, being held hostage by the drug lord Cartel in central Mexico, El Tigre. He’s demanding the release of the drug lord, Luis Negro, aka el Negro Del Sur. He demands the exchange for our FBI agent. Luis Negro is in the United States custody,” says Director Young. 
He looks out into the coast with regret. I truly pray that the young FBI agent will be saved in time, he thinks. 
“Director Young, I will give the government officials the Intel to get their authorization to extract the FBI agent. I know that the United States government will not cave in to the cartel’s demands. It will take a few hours to get all the Intel analyzed and approved by the top officials. I will have the Delta Force on standby. I seriously believe that the United States will attempt to extract the FBI agent,” says Commander Knight.
“The FBI agent has been in the Cartel’s clutches since 0100. We need to move on this if we want to get the FBI agent out alive. The FBI agent is a young women and from a good upstanding American citizen family. This family also has three young ladies kidnapped by the new drug cartel in Baja California. The Navy SEALS are on their way to extract them now,” says Director Young, with alarm in his voice.
“Is there a special reason why this family is being targeted?” asks Delta Force Commander Knight. 
This is incredibly odd to have four young ladies from the same family taken by the Mexican drug Cartels. Hmmm, what’s up? ponders Commander Knight. 
“Commander Knight, the FBI agent was undercover when she was taken. The other three young ladies were kidnapped by the new drug lord in Baja California. The drug lord wants to force the family to associate with the new cartel. The family is a wealthy, upstanding, Mexican American family and the Cartel wants to be in control of the family,” says Director Young, shaking his head. 
This is unreal! How can these terrific young ladies fall into the evil ruthless hands of the drug Cartel? he thinks.
“Due to these circumstances, I’m requesting that the Delta Force gets deployed immediately.”
“Director Young, you have a valid reason and I will forward this Intel to the top officials. I will do all I can to move this along quickly,” says Commander Knight, shaking his head. This is incredible.
“Thanks, Commander Knight. I’ll be waiting for your call as soon as you have the okay,” says Director Young. 
He takes a seat and he motions to Commander Martin to wait. 
“We will need to get the signal to proceed forward,” says Delta Force Commander Kevin Knight. He takes down all the Intel that Director Young is imparting.
“Thanks Sir,” says Director Young. He looks out the window in his office. I can’t leave until I know that agent De La Cruz is safely home, he thinks. 
He turns to his Commander Martin. “Commander Martin, this is going to be a long night. I need you to get us some dinner and some coffee.” 
“Yes Sir,” says Commander Martin. He walks out of the office, in search of food. 
This is just great. I have to cancel my date and Shirley is going to be real pissed, thinks Commander Martin. 

Delta Force Commander strides down the hall to his team operatives to alert them for standby. He enters the barracks. The operatives immediately surround him.
“Team, we have a covert mission on hold. We need to get the top officials to sign off. We will be extracting a young FBI agent who’s currently in the clutches of a drug cartel in central Mexico. The FBI agent was taken hostage at 0100. The top officials are reviewing the drug cartel’s demands and the situation. Team Razer 8 will be deployed when the mission is approved. Team, I need you on standby,” informs Commander Knight. “This might take a few hours since the top officials still have to arrive and review the Intel.” 
Commander Knight returns to the office to wait on signoff. He walks directly to his desk. He looks at Officer Ortiz. 
“Did you take all the Intel to the conference room so the officials can sign off on it?” asks Commander Knight. He glares at Officer Ortiz.
“Yes Sir,” says Officer Ortiz, waiting for further instructions. 
“I need you to wait outside the conference room door so you can give me the answer immediately,” says Commander Knight. He sits on the edge of his desk. 
Damn, this is going to be a long night and it must be a nightmare for the family, thinks Commander Knight, sighing with frustration.
“Yes sir,” replies Officer Ortiz. He exits the office.

The Delta Force team, Razer 8, immediately starts to prepare for the covert extraction. They’re pumped up with a rush of adrenaline. 
Yeah, this is what we live for, thinks operative De Leon.
I have to be prepared because we’re going to deploy on a special mission as soon as we get the signal from the CIA. This mission is going to be extremely risky.
The Cartel has the FBI agent and wants to get an exchange deal with the United States government. They want the United States to release one of the cartel’s strongest and meanest drug lords, who’s in United States custody.
Time is running out. If the United States wants a successful extraction, they need to make a decision quickly. We might not locate any pieces of the FBI agent, if we delay.  
It’s always crucial to extract the hostage within the first twenty-four to forty-eight hours. That’s the time frame we aim for, if we want any chance of extracting the hostage alive. Yeah, if god is willing, in one complete body, contemplates Roberto, anxiously. 
The Delta Force Razer 8 operative’s team is transported to the operational deployment area. The operatives are waiting to be deployed. 
I don’t know why this mission is causing me so much heartache. I don’t know what it is, ponders Roberto, attempting to shake off the feeling. 
“What’s up, Loco?” asks Ghost. Ghost is his partner who has learned to read all of his moods. 
It’s kind of scary sometimes to have someone else know what you’re feeling, thinks Roberto. He ignores his buddy. We spend so much time together that we have become more than just partners, friends, or even more than familia (family). We know each other well, we perceive our moods, fears, and demons.
“I’m good,” replies Roberto, turning to look up at the sky. “I’m anxious to get this over and we’ve been waiting for the signal for two hours. I’m getting antsy about the mission and odds on the success of the extraction.” 
“Dude, I know. I can feel it,” agrees Panther. He looks at his buddy. 
He’s really anxious and I wonder why. Loco always has his feelings and body in tight control. That’s why we call him Loco, because he acts like nothing fazes him. He reacts like nobody ever would. He takes such loco risks, contemplates Panther.
“I heard from one of the officers that the FBI Agent De La Cruz is a female. This doesn’t sit well,” says Panther. Panther is the team lead operative. He’s fast and vicious like a panther when stalking his victims. 
Panther is Mark Lotus and is 6’1 tall, lean, mean, and strong. His face is strong and he has brown eyes and light brown hair with soft full lips. 
The lips are the only thing that’s soft on this man. He hates any man that takes and abuses a woman. He’s ready to go and ready to kill those bastards.
“You got to be fucking with me! What are we waiting for?” demands Loco, frustrated.
“With luck, we’ll be able to get the FBI agent out alive and safe. Time is running out and we’ll be lucky if they don’t rape her,” says Loco, frustrated. He anxiously paces around the room.
Damn it, it’s extremely urgent and important to extract the FBI agent as soon as possible. Who knows what type of abuse she’s suffering through at this very moment and the United States government is deciding on extraction. This really sucks, rages Loco.
“I know, Loco. Time is crucial,” says Ghost. He looks around and waits for the signal to deploy. 
“Is that it? We’re not going to receive any additional Intel? We’re only getting the order to insert and extract the FBI Agent? We don’t have a picture?” states Roberto, feeling a tightness in his chest. 
Why am I reacting like this? Why do I feel these strong feelings with this particular mission? It’s not like I’ve never been on a mission involving extraction of women.
That’s just it! I know the danger and abuse that the women often go through in the hands of these savages, scum, bastards, thinks Loco, frustrated. He clenches his jaw, flexing the muscle.  
“No, Loco,” says Ghost. He jams his right hand fist into his left hand, furiously. 
The other six team operatives are busy checking their gear and warming up for action. The operatives are feeling tense and frustrated with the delay in deployment. The wait is wearing on their nerves, with the knowledge that every minute is crucial. 
Roberto starts to stretch, wanting to be ready to take off as soon as the signal is given. I just need to keep moving before I go insane, he thinks.
Chapter Twelve


The key military and government figures have already been briefed on the special operation and have made the decision to deploy the Delta Force Team.
Finally after hours of waiting, the signal is given to deploy. The Special Delta Force Razer 8 team operatives are deployed at 0400.
Razer 8 operatives are issued the mission of extraction. The objective of the operation is to rescue the American FBI Agent who is being held hostage by the drug cartel lord in central Mexico and to eliminate all drug soldiers, if necessary. 
The Delta Force operatives are the offensive team against the Mexican Drug Cartel. The U.S. Delta Force Special Operative Unit, organized for the conduct of missions, requires that the Delta Force team be highly adaptable and completely self-sufficient. 
The team is made up of eight operatives. Operatives have highly specialized skills of direct action and counter-terrorist missions’ rapid response.
The arsenal available to the Delta Force is said to be limitless. The very best weaponry the world has to offer is at their fingertips. Most of their arms are heavily customized. 
The Force is believed to favor the American Manufacturer Remington's Adaptive Combat Rifles (ACRs), as well as the company's M24 sniper rifle for long-range targets. 
Delta Force is launched in the early morning hours of the first day after getting the signal from the government top officials and CIA agency. 
The eight team operatives are split into four smaller two-operative groups. They are split by the operative’s specialized skills. The direct action and success will be more effective when in smaller teams. 
Delta Force operatives are granted an enormous amount of flexibility and autonomy. To conceal their identities, they rarely wear a uniform and usually wear civilian clothing, both on and off duty.
Civilian hair styles and facial hair are allowed to enable the members to blend in and avoid recognition as military personnel.
The Razer 8 team operatives are dressed in black leather pants, black leather boots, and black leather skin tight jackets. They cover their faces with special issued black ski masks that have radio transmitters and also night vision. 
Each operative carries their back pack full of explosives, weapons, survival food and emergency kit. 
The mission cannot be compromised. They’ve been given a broad range of power. Delta Force is formed as the core of the special strike unit. This unit has been hunting high profile target individuals like the Mexican drug lords.
Virtually all information about the unit is highly classified and details about specific missions or operations are generally not publicly available.

In the ruins of an old eighteenth-century hacienda, Claudia is being held captive. The hacienda can’t be approached by foot from three sides, except through dense jungle growing on the steep mountainside. 
The fourth side is approachable by a river with high trees running along it. The hacienda offers no place for a helicopter assault force to land. 
The drug cartel has a ten man team. The team easily commands the slopes and river of the ravine below, with small arms, and machine gun fire. 
It’s into this valley that the helicopters of Delta Force fly at 0500 to insert. The helicopters of Delta Force Razer 8 fly into the valley and turn their noses toward the hacienda. 
Unable to land, the Delta Force Razer 8 operatives begin to rapidly descend ropes hanging from the doors of the helicopters. 
The operatives swing wildly from the ropes on the helicopters as they’re caught in a cross-fire from the front of the hacienda. 
The Drug Cartel’s ten man army manages to open fire from the river and very quickly, there is small arms and machine gun fire from all around. The helicopters fly out of the valley. The group of eight operatives insert successfully. They quickly silence the ten man army before any signal can be given. 
The operatives don't spare anyone. They make sure that no one returns to fight them. They quickly separate, going into the jungle in different directions. 
The position where the operatives have inserted is approximately 20 miles from the main hacienda. The operatives know what’s at stake and each operative quickly transforms into a killing machine. 
The operatives approach the hacienda from different directions and eliminate every man or animal that crosses their path. 
Roberto is getting extremely anxious as each minute and mile passes. Damn, what’s up with my Corazon (heart)? Roberto sprints as fast as he can. 
I know that we have to make it in time before the FBI agent is abused by these savages. I know that the team will take care of the cartel while I hunt for the FBI agent.
El Tigre’s magnificent Spanish Colonial Hacienda dates back to the late 1800s and sits on 500 acres. 
The hacienda is conveniently located close to major cities in the central area of Mexico. The property is just 140 miles east of a major city in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico. 
The Casa Del Tigre has a main house that has two floors. It has 10 bedrooms, each one with its own bathroom. 
The casa has an incredible, huge open living room with a fireplace. Down from the main living room is the open kitchen. The casa has a game room that has all types of games and a billiard table for his guests to enjoy. 
The cartel’s main office has French doors that open up to the beautiful one acre rose garden with a water fountain with beautiful lights. The casa has large, independent water wells and a swimming pool with changing rooms. The garden really feels like a Garden of Eden.  The natural paradise of this hacienda has remained totally undisturbed for years. 
A chapel is also on the property. An enormous terrace has the capacity to seat 100 people. 
There is a ten car garage with extra parking for up to 100 cars in the garden area. Down from the garage and close to the rose garden is a cottage for employees. 
The entry road to the house is 25 miles from the main road going up the steep mountainside on the east, so there is complete privacy. 
The only time anyone is ever heard is when they’re coming to visit the drug cartel lord. As such, it is perfect for El Tigre’s lair. 
All around is spectacular natural scenery. The amazing sights makes visitors want to linger and enjoy a truly magical place. This hacienda is located at an area that is isolated from the world. 
Chapter Thirteen

Claudia wakes, blinking and attempting to move. I don’t know where I am and I can’t move my arms and legs. Ah, I have an awful headache. 
Oh, Dios mio (omg)! Where am I and what happened? I’m practically naked. She looks down the bed.
Terrific, it looks like I’m tied up and they took off my clothes! Who knows where I am? It must have been that guey, el Gato! I have to escape, I need to somehow get free. Damn it, they would use damn plastic ties for straps. 
Those bastards! I wonder if Christopher is okay. I wonder what day it is. How long have I been here? I’m so thirsty.
She looks around the room. The room is white, empty, and dirty. Omg! I have to escape, thinks Claudia.  
Two gueys (jerks) outside the door start talking in Spanish. Claudia goes still and she doesn’t make any noise. She listens to them talk. 
It’s a good thing that I speak Spanish. She listens to they’re conversation. 
“Yes guey, Gusano (worm) says that the woman is beautiful,” says one guey. “We should take a look. El Tigre would never know that we had a little taste.” 
“You’re crazy, guey. El Tigre would kill us. If that guey, el Gusano didn’t have the guts to touch the woman, it’s for a reason. El Tigre wants her for himself,” says Juan.
“You think?” asks the guey. “I really want to see the woman.”
“I don’t,” replies Juan. “There’s lots of other woman around and my body would like to remain intact.” Juan gazes down the hall, praying to get relieved.
I need to get away from guarding the woman with this guey. I don’t want to be near the woman if this guey goes inside, thinks Juan. 
The other guey stands guard. Do I want to risk my life to take a look at this woman? wonders el guey.  
Claudia’s heart starts to pound really fast with terror. I’m here in el Tigre’s lair. Omg, help me. I need to escape before these animals decide to touch me.
I rather die before I allow them touch me. I need to stay in control and try to remember all my training. 
Claudia forces herself to take deep breaths and start to think of all her training and self-defense knowledge.
She looks around the room. This room is small. I wonder why they put me here. Could it be possible that el Tigre wants me for himself?
I need to think of a plan. Maybe I should pretend I’m asleep when someone walks in. I’ll wait to see if they take these damn straps away from me. Then I’ll attack and use my training in self-defense. I’ll hurt them a little and maybe it will be enough for me to escape, ponders Claudia.
Yes, I feel a lot better now that I have a plan. Claudia inhales deeply, looking around the room. I need to search for my clothes but I bet they’re not here.
Hmm, the room is empty. The only thing that’s luxurious is the bed. Well, thank god for small miracles.
Yeah, I can’t see my clothes. Damn, where could they’ve taken them? The jacket has some knives. Oh, but I have a knife in my French braid, she recalls. 
Claudia moves her head slowly, to see if she can still feel the knife in her hair. Yes, this is a weapon that these savages aren’t expecting. Too bad I can’t get to it or else I would be out of here when they return.
Claudia tenses again. I can hear footsteps walking down the hall. Could it be some gueys coming in to rape, abuse, and torture me? 
“Gueys, el Tigre wants us to take over,” says a new hombre. He walks over to stand on the right side of the door. 
“Yes,” says Juan. He’s anxious to leave his post and doesn’t think twice. He walks down the hall to get away from the conflicts. 
“Gueys, the woman is really lovely. Gusano says that your mouth simply waters when you see her. I want to see her and touch her,” says the guey. He’s supposed to be relieved from guard duty.
“Yes, guey,” says Pedro, one of the new guards. “El Tigre will kill you.”
“I don’t think I want to see her,” says Jose. Jose turns to look out the window. Damn, I don’t want to get stuck with these guey’s if they start acting up. I don’t want El Tigre to kill me, thinks Jose. 
He turns to the gueys. “Remember that El Tigre already killed el Gato, tonight.” 
“Yes, guey,” says Pedro. He shakes his head. “I don’t want to risk El Tigre tonight.” 
“I do,” says the guey. He refuses to budge from his dream. I want to touch and taste this woman. This opportunity doesn’t come around every day. I don’t know when I’ll be able to have such an opportunity like this.
“Estas loco, guey (you’re crazy jerk),” says Jose. He stands on the right of the door. “Not when I’m here.” Yeah, just my luck and I’ll be the one dead, thinks Jose. He shakes his head.
“Guey, Gusano says that she is out with the drug that Gato injected. She’s out,” says the guey. He’s supposed to leave the post.
“Look, guey, I don’t want anything to do with this. You’re loco,” says Jose. He shakes his head with frustration. 
“I’m going inside. I’ll go alone,” says the guey. He’s supposed to be off duty. He starts walking towards the new guards, to try to get past the door. 
The new guards watch him and wonder what to do. Should we just let him go in or should we kick his nasty ugly ass? thinks Pedro. 
The guey continues to walk forward and is ready to fight, if necessary. 
I will get a taste of this woman tonight, thinks the guey. He stops in front of the door, with an evil grin. “Move!” yells the guey. 
Jose and Pedro glare at the guey. They wait to see if he’ll continue.
“No, guey,” says Jose. I don’t want to have anything to do with it. “Wait until I get off guard duty.” 
“No, I want it now,” says the evil guey. He’s antsy to see the woman. “Leave, and I’ll take your place.” 
Jose thinks about it. He turns to look at the other guard, Pedro, his partner tonight. Pedro shrugs his shoulders indicating, he doesn’t give a damn. 
“Si,” says Jose. I know that the other guard also wants to check out the woman. Pedro isn’t going to stop the guey, ponders Jose. 
Jose walks away. I don’t want to be involved in any of this. Hmmm, should I mention this to el Tigre, contemplates Jose. He walks away
“Okay, guey, you go first. I’ll wait out here,” says Pedro.
“Si, guey,” says the guey. The guard opens the door, he’s anxious, he walks into the room, closing the door, looking over to the cama (bed). 
Claudia has heard the conversation and is pretending to be out. Hmmm, if he releases me, I’m going to stab this scum in his black evil heart.
I need to relax, slow down my breathing. I need him to think that I’m still out. This is the only chance I have in escaping. 
Si, a real belleza and she’s only mia (mine) tonight, thinks the guey. He walks over to Claudia.
He looks at her from the top of her head to her toes. He starts licking his lips. 
I want to touch her. Si, she’s an angel. He leans in and with one finger traces her lips. 
Uhh, his hand stinks! Damn, I’m killing this bastardo if I don’t gag first from his stink. I don’t want to even see the animal. It’s bad enough that I can smell him, thinks Claudia.
Yes, this woman is so soft and smells delicious. Yeah, she’s going to be only mine. I’m going to trace her breasts. Hmmm, I want to taste her and she’s asleep, thinks the guey. 
He unhooks her bra. That’s when Claudia starts yelling at the top of her lungs, with rage and fear. 
No way in hell will I pretend that I’m asleep! Not anymore. This animal is not going to untie me and I need to alert El Tigre, thinks Claudia.
“Help! Help me!” yells Claudia.
The guard, Pedro, on the other side starts to get antsy. What if El Tigre hears the woman yell and kills me for not guarding her. Damn, why did I let this guey talk me into this? I’m in deep shit. El guey needs to shut her up. I’ll go in the room and slap her. 
Chapter Fourteen

Loco and his partner Ghost are making good time going down the steep mountainside and weaving through the trees and plants. 
Damn, this is amazing. This place is so lush, green and tropical, thinks Loco.
The other three teams of operatives are circling around to the other side of the hacienda. They take out all the drug lord’s soldiers that they encounter on their way in.
I need to get to the hacienda before the FBI agent gets severely hurt, thinks Loco.  
Having this thought on his mind, he forces himself to his limits to get to the hacienda as quick as humanly possible. His partner Ghost is keeping up with him. 
Finally, they come up to the hacienda. They stop to observe the layout and the guards that are on duty walking around the hacienda. 
There appears to be two guards by the window on the second floor, thinks Loco, turning to Ghost to signal that he’s going in. 
Ghost looks at the guards, the window, and signals that he has Loco’s back. 
Slowly, Loco creeps towards the location where the two guards are stationed below the window. 
One guard is smoking a cigarette and the other guard is looking around. 
The guard with the cigarette starts to walk over to where Loco is, to urinate. He’s not aware that Loco is only inches away from him. 
This is it, thinks Loco, quickly taking out the guard. He drags him further back into the trees. 
Loco quietly and quickly approaches the other guard, who’s looking in the opposite direction and turning around as Loco creeps up on him. Loco silently and quickly takes him out.
Loco is now standing below the window on the second floor that has the light on.
The windows on the second floor all have a small balcony just wide enough to stand outside and take some fresh air. 
Hmmm, I need to get up there fast, he thinks, looking to see how he’s going to climb up to the balcony.
Loco is looking at the trees that are close to the casa when he hears a scream coming out of the room. 
Damn it all to hell, thinks Loco. His corazon pounds hard with anxiety. 
I wonder why I’m reacting this way on this mission, he thinks. 
Quickly, he grabs his rope and throws it up. It catches on the metal balcony. He silently pulls himself up. He reaches the ledge and pulls himself up onto the narrow balcony. 
Loco looks anxiously inside the room, to assess the situation. Yeah, that’s our FBI agent in there, he thinks. He signals to Ghost. 
Yes, it is our agent, because the mujer is tied up to the bed and the animal is attempting to rape her, thinks Loco with fury.
Loco feels an incredible terror and rage when he sees the animal tear off her panties and start to undo his pants.

Claudia screams at the top of her lungs, with terror. 
No way in hell! I’m not going to remain quiet. I’m not going to make this easy for this animal. I will do anything to escape, even if I hurt myself, thinks Claudia. 
She yells out again when the animal tears off her panties. 
The savage bends down and takes a bite on the side of her right breast.
Damn, that hurt! And he stinks. I’m going to throw up. I’m going to gag from the animal’s stench and touch, thinks Claudia. 
She yells at the top of her lungs. She attempts to keep from crying. I need to focus. I need to escape this animal.
The guey slaps her hard. “Shut the fuck up!” he yells at her. 
He hits her hard. This time he hits her with his fist in the mouth, splitting her lip, and causing it to bleed. 
“Si, shut up so I can enjoy this,” he yells at Claudia. 
With his filthy hands, he grabs her breasts to take another bite of her nipple, causing Claudia to yell out. She sobs in terror.
There’s no way that I will allow this animal to rape me, she thinks desperately, trying to butt heads with the animal. 
Maybe if I’m lucky el Tigre will hear me and come in. I would rather be raped by el Tigre, thinks Claudia. She sobs and yells with all of her strength. 
The guards seem to believe that the Tigre wants me. I rather fight off the el Tigre than have this animal rape me, thinks Claudia.  
Claudia is getting real scared when the animal starts to undo his pants. 
He slowly gets on top of the bed, making Claudia yell out at the top of her lungs. 
“Help me! Dios mio, help me!” yells Claudia, shaking with terror. She attempts to throw him off her. 
I’ll be damned if I allow that guey to touch her. He’s dead, thinks Loco, crashing into the room.
Loco quickly grabs the guey by the neck and snaps his neck in one swift motion, with his bare hands. 
Si, this is what the guey deserves, and if I had time I would have killed him slowly, thinks Loco, with rage.
Damn, another bastardo has come to hurt me? Why kill his man, thinks Claudia, confused.
Loco is about to turn to Claudia when the guard outside the room runs in, wondering what’s happening. 
I heard glass break, what’s happening. The woman is quiet, wonders Jose. He looks around the room.
The guard sees Loco, barely registering in his slow brain, before he’s quickly killed. 
Loco looks out the door and down the hall to see if any more of el Tigre’s guards are coming. 
It looks real quiet. I need to get her dressed and we need to move quickly, he thinks. He closes room door and locks it. 
Loco slowly turns to look at Claudia. He takes off his ski mask. Dios mio, she is a real belleza (beauty), thinks Roberto. I hope I don’t scare her any more than she already is.
Chapter Fifteen

He slowly approaches Claudia. “United States Delta Force Operative Roberto Daniel De Leon,” says Loco. He uses a slow soft tone. 
He starts to take his knife to cut the ties at her wrists. “FBI Agent De La Cruz, we’re here to extract you.” 
He hears Claudia take a deep breath and turns to look at her. 
She attempts to give him a small, trembling smile, but starts to shake. OMG! He’s delta force. Okay, I’ll be okay, now, she thinks. She smiles into his face.
Loco sees that she’s trembling. He grabs the throw blanket that’s on the small table and covers her. 
His effort earns him a huge incredible smile from Claudia. Tears start to fall down her beautiful face. “Gracias (thank you),” she whispers. 
Si, my throat feels raw from all of my yelling! Maybe from all the emotions, she thinks, as she hears her voice come out in a low, croaked whisper. 
Wow, she’s incredible, thinks Loco, giving her a warm smile “We need to get moving,” he says, cutting off the ties at her ankles. 
Loco very softly and tenderly rubs her ankles. These bastardos (bastards) needed to be killed, he thinks, as he inspects the red welts on her soft light skin. 
Her skin feels so silky, he thinks, rubbing at the red marks, trying to sooth them. 
Loco looks up into her amazing huge hazel eyes. Hmm, she looks like the Eve’s Pleasures model, he thinks, smiling. 
Wow, he’s so tall, all hombre (man), thinks Claudia. She looks into his warm brown smoky quartz eyes with the long, lush lashes. 
Oh yes, he looks scrumptious enough to eat. His lips are so tempting, they’re full red lips that beg to be bitten, she thinks, with some wickedness. 
Nice hair. I can see that he keeps his hair a little longer and has it tied with a leather strap. I would love to run my fingers through his hair. I just love his golden tan, she thinks. I want to touch him. She gazes into his eyes.  
Oh, omg, Roberto is so hot. He’s making my stomach and corazon flutter. He’s totally the one, my alma gemela (soul mate). I know he is, I just know it. His touch is driving me crazy. I’ve never felt this with any other man, thinks Claudia. 
Loco gazes into Claudia’s beautiful eyes. Yeah, I’m falling under her spell, he thinks. 
I can see all her emotions in her amazing eyes. She turns me on. Damn, this is not supposed to be happening now. I’m here to extract her not to love her, he thinks, forcing himself to release her leg. 
“Ms. De La Cruz, we need to get going. We have to meet the pickup,” says Loco. He looks around for her clothes and shoes. 
“I don’t know where my clothes are,” states Claudia. She tries to be more professional and not appear as a weak woman. I don’t want him to think that I’m stupid and weak, she thinks. 
She looks around the room, trying to move to get something to wear. 
“My panties and bra are torn,” says Claudia. She remembers what the animal did. 
Claudia looks down at her breasts to see if she’s bruised where he had squeezed and bitten her. Her eyes fill with tears. 
I’ve never made love and wanted to be pure and clean for my love. Look at what this animal did. She inspects her breasts, forgetting that Loco is watching her. A tear rolls down her cheek.
She looks devastated about the bruises and bites. She acts like she’s never seen them on her body before. I wonder how experienced she is. She’s lucky that they didn’t rape her, compared to the bruises and bites, thinks Loco. 
What a fucking animal. That damn animal. How in the hell did he treat a woman like this and especially one so incredibly beautiful? She’s definitely a treasure. Damn, she has beautiful breasts. She’s really amazing because she’s actually doing a lot better than other women would, thinks Loco, admiringly.
“Ms. De La Cruz, we need to get going,” he says. Loco tries not to hurt her when he gently takes her hand. 
Claudia startles and looks at Loco. I forgot that he’s here and I don’t even feel embarrassed with him. 
She nods and starts to stand, but quickly falls back onto the bed. She blushes, embarrassed about her weakness. I’m not a weakling, she thinks.
Loco quickly catches her and sits her slowly back onto the bed. He has his hands on her waist and forgets to remove them. The throw blanket slides down her awesome breasts. He gazes into her beautiful eyes and almost forgets what he needs to do. 
Hmmm, we need to get going and I can’t get distracted, he thinks. He quickly takes off his jacket and then his black t-shirt. 
“Let’s put this on you so you can be warm,” he says softly. He feels an amazing connection with her. 
It really turns me on. She’s absolutely looks great wearing my t-shirt. This is too much. I can see her sweet rose nipples get hard. Hmmm, I need to control my emotions, thinks Loco. He tries to regain control of his emotions. She’s too distracting and is getting me really hard like never before. 
Hmm, I can smell his wonderful scent on his t-shirt and it’s so delicious and warm. I want him to kiss me, she thinks. She gazes into his warm brown eyes. 
She licks her lower lip. She then feels the sting from where the animal had hit her, splitting her lip at the corner. 
Loco hears her small groan and sees her wince when she touches her lip with her tongue. 
“Let me see,” whispers Loco. He places his hand on her cheek and he tenderly turns her face towards him. 
This fucking guey hit her and cut her lip. She’s starting to get a bruise. I’ll put some ointment on the cut, he thinks. He gets the emergency kit out to apply the ointment. 
Loco gently applies the ointment. He looks up into her huge hazel eyes. She’s too distracting, he thinks. He almost grins. He stands and pulls on his jacket. 
I know that we need to get moving, but I wish we were meeting under different circumstances. What if he won’t be interested in me because the animals touched me, thinks Claudia, anxiously. I don’t really know if they raped me. She starts to softly cry. 
Loco hears her start to cry. I wonder why she’s crying. He takes her in his arms, holds her close, rubbing her back. 
“We need to go. Remember you’re safe with me,” he says. He pulls her closer. Wow, she feels so perfect in my arms, he thinks with pleasure.
Hmmm, she feels incredible in my arms. I’ll wait for her to stop crying. I wonder what set it off. Was it my touch, ponders Loco, holding her close. 
Yes, Roberto’s hug feels like heaven and I truly like him, she thinks. She leans in, placing her head against his wide shoulder. I love his touch. 
I’ll take these because I don’t want the gueys to keep them, thinks Loco. He sees her torn underwear on the bed and takes them. He shoves them in his pocket acting extremely possessive. 
He rubs her back, until she stops crying. He stands with her in his arms.
She needs some shoes to run out in that jungle, he thinks, looking around to see if he can locate hers. 
He sets her back on the bed and pulls back the sheets, tearing the sheets into strips to wrap her feet. I need to wrap up her feet so it won’t slow us down. The strips will help prevent any damage to her feet, he thinks.
Wow he’s incredible. He’s wrapping up my feet. He’s so sweet, muses Claudia.
Claudia watches his hands quickly wrap her feet in the strips of material. He looks up when he’s done and smiles at her.
Her smile lights up her face and my world, he thinks. 
“Ready to go?” he asks. He stands and pulls her into his strong arms. We need to leave, thinks Loco. He walks towards the window with Claudia in his arms. 
“You will need to help me get you out of here quietly,” he says. He stands out on the balcony. 
He looks at his watch and sees that they only have a few minutes to get to the pickup spot. Yeah, Ghost is ready, he thinks. 
“Okay, we need to run to make pickup. I’m going to slide you down the balcony. I need you to grab the rope and slide down. I know you can do it,” whispers Loco in her ear. 
I need to keep her from getting scared. I need her to help me get her out of this room.
“Let me help you,” he picks her up. Oh lord, she provokes strong feelings, he thinks. 
She reaches for the rope. She feels the t-shirt ride up exposing her rear. Yeah, he can see and touch all he wants, she thinks. She grins wickedly. She gazes into his eyes. 
He assists her over the balcony. He rests his hands on her soft round ass, making him hot. 
I can feel his hands on my ass, but it feels good, she thinks. She grins, gazing into his eyes. It’s incredible how the right man’s hands can feel so amazingly different from the touch of that animal. I need to start focusing and help him get me out of this hell hole.  
Yeah, he’s mio (mine), only mio. I can see his desire in his warm smoky quartz eyes. Oh yeah, his tight pants. Hmm, he has real nice tight leather pants that fit him perfectly, she thinks.
Chapter Sixteen

Loco helps her to go down the balcony. He sees his t-shirt ride up, exposing her sweet tempting ass. 
She’s really killing me, he thinks. He feels his cock get achingly hard. She knows it, the little devil. Look at her hot eyes devour me. Oh yeah, after this is over, I will look her up, thinks Loco, with conviction. 
Claudia slides down the rope. She’s thankful that he wrapped her feet up. 
Loco pulls on his ski mask and swiftly goes down after her. Landing on the ground, he sees the guards down. 
He hastily takes her hand, sprinting into the jungle.
“Extraction complete and on our way for pickup,” says Loco into the mic.
“Meet you at pickup,” says Ghost. He finishes off the last guard that’s on the second floor. 
Ghost quickly exits the hacienda through the window. He drops to the ground, running into the jungle. He hears the alarms as he sprints away.
“Razer 8, the alarm went off and we have only thirty for pickup,” says Ghost, sprinting as fast as he can. 
Loco hears the status and is having a difficult time pushing Claudia any harder. She’s so weak. I need to pick her up in my arms and run. 
“Allow me to carry you,” says Loco. He picks her up, setting her onto his back. He starts to run as fast as he can with the extra weight on his back. 
Claudia hears Loco. I know that I’m slowing him down. I know that he’s the elite of all operatives. I wish I was up to my full speed. I just feel so week. I’ll hold on tight and try not to restrain his movements, thinks Claudia disturbed.
She doesn’t weight that much. I can scarcely feel her on my back. She’s really an amazing woman. Any other woman would be in shock and not very accommodating, thinks Roberto. 

“Chavez,” yells el Tigre, after finishing of the tequila bottle. 
What the fuck! Every time I see her, the mother of my child, I remember how much I’d loved her. I elected this damn vida (life). I could’ve been real happy with my hija and my woman, thinks el Tigre, bitterly. 
He turns to see his guard run into the room, trying to appear awake. Yeah, I know he was dozing off, he thinks. 
“Si, Tigre,” says Chavez. I wonder what in diablos (devil) he wants at this time of the night, muses Chavez. 
“I want you to check up on the guards and see if the woman is okay. I don’t want the United States government to give me grief. I only want to get el Negro out. I want el Negro’s men to stop fucking with me,” says Tigre. He glares at Chavez. 
“Si,” replies Chavez. He walks out of the room. He immediately goes to check up on the woman. 
This is great! All I need is to clean his ass. Why am I here? Oh yeah, because I need the money for my niña’s medicine. 
Chavez walks down the hall and up the stairs to the second floor. He walks down the long hall and turns the corner to go to the very back of the house.  
Where are the gueys? There’re no guards and the woman is inside the room. 
He quickly goes to the door and tries to open the door. It’s locked. What’s going on? he thinks. 
Chavez sprints down the hall, searching for more guards that are supposed to be stationed on the other side of the house. 
He doesn’t see the guards and starts to check all the rooms. 
What’s happening? There’re no guards on the second floor. Chavez runs back down the stairs, sprints to el Tigre’s office.
“Tigre, there’s no guards on the second floor. The FBI agent’s room is locked up. Do you have a key?” asks Chavez. He looks at el Tigre’s furious eyes.
“Every single one of you is an imbecile,” yells el Tigre. He set off the alarm. 
“The room doesn’t lock and that’s why I had the guard’s station outside the door,” he turns to strike Chavez. 
“Tigre,” moans Chavez. He tries not to provoke his anger any further. “I’ll go back to the room and kick the door open.” 
“Si, pronto (hurry),” yells el Tigre. He kicks him out of his office and looks out into the night. 
If she escaped, she’ll not get far. The mountains, trees, and river are real difficult to flee through. 
Chavez is up on the second floor in no time. He’s terrified.
El Tigre will decide to take this out on me. He kicks the door in and runs in. 
What’s happening? Where’s the woman? Did she kill these two guards? 
He quickly runs out and returns to el Tigre. He runs into the office.
“Tigre, the woman is not in the room and two guards are dead,” says Chavez. He looks at el Tigre’s furious eyes. 
“All of you are imbeciles,” roars el Tigre. With rage he strikes Chavez. “Get the dogs out and hunt her down!” 
“Si,” responds Chavez. He runs out to give the order to let the dogs loose. “Damn, I need to pray that el Tigre doesn’t take this out on me.” 
Chavez walks outside and walks towards the huge building that looks like a warehouse. This is where el Tigre’s guards sleep. 
He opens the door and walks in, turning on the lights. He yells for them to wake up. “Get up, pronto (hurry)!” yells Chavez. “Get the dogs out. The woman escaped!” 
The guards that are sleeping on their cots quickly wake up and get ready. It’s not good to keep el Tigre waiting. 
The first guards that are ready, run out to get the dogs for the hunt. 
El Tigre prefers German shepherds and keeps them real vicious. 
The men take the dogs out of their cages and release them. The drug lord’s men start to follow the dogs out into the jungle. 
The guards are confused because the dogs run in different directions. 
Why are they going in different directions? Which one is the correct path? 
The guards shake their heads and split into small groups to follow the dogs in every direction.
Chapter Seventeen

Damn, we might not make the pickup. And I can hear the dogs on our trail. I need to tell the team to leave without us and to pick up tomorrow at the same time twenty miles further north, thinks Loco. 
“Razer 8 lagging, pickup 0300, 20 north,” says Loco. He heads towards the river. 
We need to lose the dogs, he thinks, running through the trees heading towards the river. 
“Loco, we’ll wait for you,” says Ghost. I don’t like this one bit. If he gets caught, both of them will be killed. No way in hell, he thinks. He anxiously waits for his response.
“Negative,” says Loco. He continues through the jungle, heading towards the river. 
I can’t stop now. I need to keep going. I will not allow them to get to her again, Damn, I don’t know her first name, he thinks, forcing himself to keep going. 
I need to hold on and not distract him. I can hear the dogs, thinks Claudia, anxiously. Oh, Dios mio, please help us. I don’t want them to catch us. I rather die than have them rape me. I don’t want to live if they catch us.
Loco sprints until he reaches the river and quickly crosses it, praying that the dogs lose their scent. He sprints up the side of the mountain, finally slowing down from exhaustion.  
Loco stops and slowly puts Claudia down onto the ground. He holds her until she has her feet firmly on the ground. 
“Are you okay?” he softly whispers near her ear. He feels her shiver. 
Oh, dios mio (my god), even under all this fear, I still feel my heart respond to Roberto, ponders Claudia.
She gazes into his warm smoky quartz brown eyes. She nods, responding to his concern.
Loco peers down at her. I’m so relieved to see that she’s doing a lot better and is standing on her own, he thinks. 
He takes her hand, walks up the side of the mountain, trying to locate a cave or somewhere to hide until next day pickup. 
They go up the side of the mountain about fifty feet. It’s time for the sunrise and the sky is starting to get light.
We need to find a hiding place quick, he thinks. He looks around as he walks up. 
Yes! Finally, I found a good hiding place. Hmm, I need to inspect the space. It’s on the side of the mountain. It is concealed behind the bushes. You can’t see it. This is it, thinks Loco, with relief. 
Loco turns and takes Claudia’s hand. He walks into the small space. Loco inspects the cave with a small flash light and sees that it’s not real big. 
The walls and floor are rock. It looks like it’s a natural little cave on the side of the mountain. The space is not real noticeable on the side behind a bush, he thinks.  
“We will be safe here. We didn’t make the pickup. The dogs were on our trail. We will make pickup tomorrow at 0300,” says Loco. 
I need to make a bed for her to rest. She’s not used to this type of pace, thinks Loco. 
He takes off his backpack and takes out a thin blanket and thin plastic tarp. 
He spreads out the tarp on the ground and then puts his jacket on top hoping to pad the ground a little for Claudia.
“I hope this is a little better,” he says. He turns, takes her hand.
“You need to rest,” he says. He gazes into her beautiful hazel eyes. He sees her smile at him, nodding in agreement.
“Si, Roberto,” she says. She drops down onto his jacket and turns to look at him. 
I want him to hold me because it feels so wonderful to be in his arms. I feel cherished and safe, thinks Claudia.
He turns to get some dried beef jerky and a bottle of water from his backpack. He gives her a strip of beef jerky and the water. 
“Here, I have some beef jerky and water,” says Roberto. 
He watches her take the water bottle. She takes a few sips. 
Claudia then takes a bite of the beef jerky and slowly chews it. 
Loco sits down on the corner, trying not to scare her. 
I don’t want her to feel afraid of me. I don’t know how far any of the gueys went with her. It can take her a long time to recover from a rape, thinks Loco.
He observes her closely and is satisfied when she finishes eating the beef jerky. She drinks half the bottle of water. 
“Take a nap. I’ll keep guard,” says Loco. He looks into her eyes. He watches her eyes start to close. 
Good thing that she feels safe and can sleep, he thinks. He looks at how bella she is. 
I hope that I can see her after all this is over. We do have some chemistry going on. I wonder if she will continue working as an FBI agent after she gets home, ponders Loco.
The dogs run around the hacienda like crazy. The drug lord’s soldiers are unable follow a lead. 
“Tigre, the perros are going around in circles and we have no direction to go,” says Chavez. He has tried following the dogs for the last four hours. 
“You will have the men continue to search until you locate the woman,” roars el Tigre. He walks off to eat his breakfast outside on the patio. 

Ghost is not happy with leaving Loco and the FBI agent behind. Damn, this sucks. I wonder what caused Loco to lag. Did the FBI agent get hurt and he had to carry her? The alarm was sent and the dogs went crazy following our trail.  
I know that Loco will be okay until tomorrow, he thinks, turning to the other operatives.
“Loco is lagging and requests pickup at 0300, 20 miles north,” says Ghost. He sees Panther shake his head.
Damn, I don’t like this. I wonder what’s happening with Loco, thinks Panther. 
He takes the receiver to advise the Operative Commander Knight. 
“Commander Knight, we have Loco lagging with extraction, requests 0300, 20 miles north,” says Panther. He waits for his reply.
“Request granted,” says Commander Knight, with concern. It must be real bad if Loco lags. He’s always on time and most often early on all missions, thinks Commander Knight. “We’ll attempt pickup at 0300, 20 miles north.” 
Panther breathes a sigh of relief. He turns to look at the other operatives and nods.
Chapter Eighteen

Loco sits next to her. He observes every single inch of Claudia’s body. He’s making sure that she doesn’t have any other injuries. 
He checks her head very slowly, with lots of tenderness. Yeah, she has a knot at the back of her head, but it’s not bleeding, he thinks.  
Hmm, she’s incredible. I pray that those bastardos didn’t rape her. She appeared to be distraught back at the hacienda. Considering everything that has happened to her, Ms. De La Cruz is doing well. She should be okay after this rest.  
It has been emotionally and physically draining for her. It doesn’t matter that she’s had some training on self-defense. I’m going outside to see if I can find some fruit to eat. I need to get the status on El Tigre’s soldiers, thinks Loco. 
He steps out into the opening. He stands still, listening and looking around.
It appears that everything is quiet. I need to monitor the hacienda. I hope to learn what’s going on, determines Loco.
He goes up the mountain and locates the best area to watch the hacienda. 
Well, it looks like the dogs have been put away. The solders are having a meeting in the huge patio that’s located on the side of the hacienda. That must be el Tigre, thinks Loco. He watches the man yelling at his soldiers in rage. 
Too bad I can’t hear what he’s saying, but I bet he’s demanding that they locate Claudia. I bet that they think that she’s alone out here somewhere.
If el Tigre had any clue that I was out here, he would be sending out all of his soldiers to search for us. Sometimes these bastardos (bastards) are so stupid! 
Okay, now is the time to go and get some of that fruit that I saw a few feet down.
He silently and rapidly goes down the mountainside. He heads to the fruit orchards. 
I think I’ll get plenty of fruit to last us until tomorrow. It would be best to stay inside and hide out.
I’ll go and see if that water that I hear is good for drinking.
He listens to the waterfall. He walks towards it. 
Yeah, this is amazing. It’s a small waterfall that has a small pond and it looks good to drink. 
Hmmm, maybe later I’ll bring Ms. De La Cruz to bathe, if she wants to. Damn, I don’t know her first name. I need to ask her. He fills up his water bottle. 
He rinses the fruit and dries it. He places the fruit in his backpack. He turns and rapidly sprints up the mountain to the hide out. He turns to see if everything is good. 
I can see how the dogs lost our scent. Good thing we crossed the river, it saved us.
He reaches the hideout, silently slips inside through the crack. He covers the crack with some bushes that he has cut. 
Good, this is a lot better. The cave has a small opening at the top of the cave that is big enough to allow some sun to shine down, illuminating the little cave.
Loco places the clean fruit and water bottle on the rock that’s on his side. Yes, this works as a table. He leans back against the rock to look at Claudia.
He looks around the cave. Hmm, I hear a soft gurgling sound in here but I don’t see where it could possibly be coming from. I need to make sure that this cave doesn’t have any other entrance or unknown dangers.
Loco stands to investigate the cave. He walks silently towards the sound. He tries to not make any noise to pinpoint the location of the gurgling sound. He walks further into the cave, where it appears to stop at the wall. 
Very interesting, this wall is the end of the cave and it’s just the beginning. There’s another opening that’s just wide enough to go into another small cave. Loco steps into another cave.
The other small cave has a slightly bigger opening at top and the light is stronger. 
This cave is a little bigger and towards the back is a little natural pool of water. The water appears to be a warm thermal pool. Yeah, it has to be because there’s steam that is coming out, thinks Loco, with pleasure. Yes, this is awesome and just what she would enjoy. I will move our stuff over here, but I’ll bring her over first, he thinks. 
He takes the other plastic tarp from his backpack and quickly lays it on the floor in the other cave.
Oh, damn yes, this is sweet. Yeah, the ground of this cave is a little softer. It looks like some grass or moss is growing from the moisture from the water. It will make it a little more comfortable, thinks Loco. 
He returns to pick her up. He slowly gets close to her. 
Okay she’s still out. Very carefully he picks her up with the jacket and takes her to the other cave, putting her on top of the other plastic tarp. 
Okay, now I need to clear any evidence that we were here. Now, we can relax a little. 
Loco rapidly clears the first cave of any evidence of their presence. He returns to Claudia. He sits next to her. 
I’m okay for now. I can stay up for another twenty-four hours due to my training.
Hmmm, she’s waking up. Loco watches Claudia stretch out and open her beautiful hazel eyes. She blinks and sits up. 
Yeah. She sighs with pleasure. My Amor (love) is right here and I didn’t dream it. He’s todo mio (mine), only mio. 
Claudia smiles at Loco. “Hi,” she says, in a soft husky voice. 
Oh yeah, she’s real sexy when she wakes up. I can sit here all day and just watch her, thinks Roberto, smiling. 
“Hi, are you hungry?” he asks. He offers her some fruit. 
“Si, thanks,” says Claudia. She reaches for the delicious looking peach that he offers. 
She takes a bite of the peach. Some of the peach juice drips down her lips to her chin. 
Claudia licks the juice before it goes further down, causing Loco to groan from pleasure of watching her. 
Claudia hears him, she glances at him. Oh yeah, I know why he groans, she thinks. She smiles and takes another bite. She sucks the juice before it falls down her lips to her chin, smiling wickedly.
I love it. I never knew how erotic this can be. Hmmm. 
Claudia smiles, gazing into Loco’s eyes and enjoys the desire that she sees.
Hell, she’s killing me, and I know that she knows it. Damn, I should turn away and be professional, thinks Loco. 
He observes her. Oh yeah, I know that she enjoys eating the peach and turning me on. 
Loco returns her smile. “We have to stay in here until it’s time to meet the pickup,” he says. He gives her some water. 
“Okay,” says Claudia, looking at the cave. “This looks safe.” 
“Yes,” confirms Loco. He gives her the health bar that he has. “Here, I want you to eat this health bar. It’ll provide some protein and energy.” 
“Okay, I’ll eat half.” She takes the bar. Well, it’s not too bad. She turns to look at Loco. 
Geeze, I just love looking at him. 
He leans back against the stone wall to observe her. “Ms. De La Cruz, I don’t know your first name,” says Loco. 
“My name is Claudia De La Cruz,” replies Claudia. She smiles at him. 
He returns her smile, enjoys watching her eat the bar. I love her name. I love how she takes small bites of the bar with her small, even, white teeth. 
I want her to bite me, he thinks. He moves to adjust his aching cock. She’s driving me loco. 
Hmm, he really turns me on. I want his besos. I need to get him to come close to me, because I know that he’s over there attempting to stay professional. 
Her eyes sparkle with mischief as she gazes at him.
Yes, I really like him. I know that we’re not safe, but I feel safe with him. Okay, I’m done with this bar for now. 
She folds up the wrapping around the bar. She sets the bar on the side where she’s sitting. 
Uh, I will get him to come and help me with my hair. Si, I need to get the knife out. Yes, that’ll work. 
With a glint in her eyes, she smiles at him. 
“Roberto, can you come and help me, please,” says Claudia. She asks him with huge innocent hazel eyes, smiling.
Loco hears her and sees her innocent eyes. I wonder what she needs help with, he thinks. 
He gets up in one swift effortless motion. He moves towards her, closing the gap that separates them. He sits on the mat that he made for her. 
I don’t want to scare her. I don’t ever want her to be terrified of me, he thinks. 
“Ms. De La Cruz, how can I help you?” asks Loco. His voice is husky. He tries to keep control of his emotions.
Claudia shifts around to give him her back. “My name is Claudia,” says Claudia, in a breathless voice. 
“I have a knife in my French braid. I want you to pull it out without undoing my hair. I don’t want to let it go. It will be difficult to manage if it’s loose.”
“Oh,” replies Loco. I never expected to touch her. He registers her request to use her name. 
Oh damn, dios mio (my god), she’s killing me. He slowly and very carefully searches for the knife that she has hidden in her hair. 
Wow, her hair is beautiful, long and thick. It’s a soft brown, he thinks. He touches her hair with wonder and tenderness.
It feels so silky. He leans in to smell it. Hmmm, she smells good even if she has been through the jungle. 
Claudia feels his hands on her hair. She sighs with relief and pleasure. 
It’s just wonderful having my man close to me. I wonder if he’ll try to kiss me. Should I give him a beso (kiss)? He said that we have a long time to wait for pickup. 
Claudia shivers with the pleasure, feeling his fingers in her hair. Yes, this is my opportunity to touch, taste him.
“Are you cold?” asks Loco. He notices her shiver, as he locates the knife. 
He slowly and carefully pulls it out. “So, how long have you been an FBI agent?”  
“No, I’m not cold. I’ve been an FBI agent for two and half years. I took some college courses in high school. I worked hard to finish my college and training to be able to qualify,” answers Claudia. She turns to look at him. Hmm, he’s real close to me. 
She looks at him lean over to place the knife next to her protein bar. He turns, not expecting to be so close to her and face to face. 
“How long have you been Delta Force?” she asks. 
Claudia gazes into his beautiful warm brown eyes. She loves his long, lush lashes. 
Hmm, I really like his full lips. They look so delicious. She licks her lower lip, looking up into his eyes again. 
“Hmmm,” says Loco. He’s unable to think or answer her questions. He peers into her hazel eyes that have turned green with desire. 
I need to taste her, he thinks. Loco doesn’t think. He leans into her, falling under her spell, and touching her soft, red lips with his. 
Yeah, she tastes like heaven, he thinks. He runs his lips softly across hers, not wanting to scare her. 
Should I pull back and stop? I don’t want to scare her and have her run away from me, he thinks. 
Loco decides to pull back, when he feels her arms go up his neck, pulling him closer. 
Wow, she doesn’t know how to kiss. I don’t know how this can be possible, he thinks.
He feels her open her lips to allow him to deepen the beso. 
Si, he tastes delicious. I want his besos. I want a real passionate beso and not a brother kiss. I never allowed a man to kiss me with pasión (passion), thinks Claudia.
Oh yeah, this is what I’ve been waiting for. This is heaven. She runs her fingers down his back, feeling his muscles, and moaning. He’s incredible and I want him. 
Well, she doesn’t really know what she’s doing, but it feels like heaven. He takes the opportunity to explore her amazing mouth. 
She’s leaving a burning trail down my back. He pulls her closer to him and feels her soft breasts melt against his chest. 
Oh yeah, he feels good, she thinks. She runs her fingers back up his back, loving every curve, dip and texture of his hot skin. 
Hmm, I want more, she thinks. She starts to kiss him back, making him go loco with pasión (passion). 
Claudia is killing me with need. I need to try hard to control myself. I don’t want to scare Claudia. Damn, it really doesn’t make it any easier knowing that she’s not wearing anything else underneath my t-shirt. 
Uhh, she’s wearing my t-shirt and she looks, smells, and tastes like heaven. 
He slowly touches her beautiful tone leg. Oh yeah, she’s totally firm. He slowly moves his hand up, caressing her skin. Oh hell, pure heaven. 
He slides his hand under the t-shirt to touch her sweet breast.
Yes, he’s not stopping and I’m not stopping him, she thinks. Claudia wraps her arms tighter around his neck. She falls back onto the mat allowing him more access to her breasts. 
Oh yeah, I want to touch and taste her breasts, he thinks. He loses control. He allows the intense feelings to overtake him.
Hell yes, they feel just right in my hands and so soft, muses Roberto. 
He softly touches her nipple. She moans with pleasure. She returns his besos with her own hot hungry besos. She pulls him closer.
Wow, this feels so good. I’m feeling amazing sensations throughout my body and an ache in my pussy, muses Claudia. 
Uh, yes, that feels good, she thinks. She feels his fingers softly touch her pussy. Claudia’s pasión (passion) goes up another notch. She moans out in pleasure and shifts her hips for more. 
Oh gawd, she’s burning up. She’s making me ache. She’s ready for me, he thinks. He softly caresses her hot wet pussy. 
I need him, thinks Claudia. She feels him pull up the t-shirt and take one nipple into his mouth, making her crazy. 
Oh, oh my, I never felt this before, and it’s amazing, she thinks. She holds his head against her as she moans his name. 
“Roberto, I need you,” says Claudia. She pulls him up for a hungry beso, driving him loco. 
Hmm, I need to get inside her, he thinks. Desperately, he undoes his pants and pulls out his hot throbbing cock. 
Oh yes, she feels like heaven, he thinks. He rubs his crown against the entrance of her hot, wet pussy. 
Loco goes wild hearing her call his name in a husky soft voice. “Roberto,” she moans. “I need you.”  
Loco anxiously shoves his hot aching cock into her hot, wet pussy. He feels the barrier as he sinks in, causing him to stop in shock. 
Damn! Damn it! She is, uh, was a virgin. Those bastards didn’t rape her. Damn. He looks into her surprised, watery, happy eyes. 
“I’m sorry,” says Loco. I don’t know what else to say. Damn, I just took her virginity, thinks Loco, full of remorse. 
“Not sorry, Roberto, please. I want you,” replies Claudia. 
She smiles and pulls him down for a beso. She wraps her arms around him. I want him with my entire corazon (heart) and soul. He’s my alma gemela (soul mate), thinks Claudia thrilled. 
Oh hell, what should I do? She wants me. She feels so good. He starts to slowly move again. I feel tenderness, pasión (passion), and what?
I’m so confused. I never felt like this before for any woman. She’s driving me crazy. What I do know is that I don’t want to let her go. He takes hot hungry besos. 
I love the way she kisses me. I really love that her hot, sweet, tight pussy is mine. Huh, mine? What am I thinking? 
Loco closes his eyes. Yeah mine, she’s only mine. I’ll keep her, I don’t know how, but I will, thinks Loco, determined. 
Having made his decision, Loco pours his alma (soul) and corazon (heart) into loving Claudia. 
Slowly, he builds up her pleasure. Oh hell, I feel her tight pussy grasp my cock. Damn, yes! Oh, yes! Together we reached heaven and fused our almas (souls). 
He falls back, holding her tight in his arms, and takes deep breaths. His breathing returns to normal after a few moments. He holds her close. 
“Roberto, I loved how you loved me,” says Claudia. She looks up into his warm beautiful eyes, smiling. She feels his tight hug.
“Claudia, you’re incredible,” replies Loco. He leans in for another beso.  
“Roberto,” she whispers. She pulls him down and returns his besos consumed in pasión (passion). I don’t want to talk. I want to make love with my alma gemela (soul mate), she thinks.
Hmmm, Claudia turns me on, and I want more of her, thinks Loco. He pushes her onto her back. 
Loco kisses and nips every inch of her, going down her throat. He pulls back to look into her beautiful hazel eyes. 
Claudia smiles at him. She pulls off his t-shirt and puts it on the side.  
Loco watches her and smiles. He leans down to give her a beso. He hungrily moves down her throat, marking her. 
Yes, she’s mia (mine), only mia, he thinks. He moves down to her amazing breasts. He tenderly kisses the area that the bastard had abused. 
Hmm, he licks the area, and then softly sucks it to erase the bastards mark. I’ll leave only my marks all over her delicious body, thinks Roberto, passionately. 
He slowly takes her rose nipple and sucks it softly into his hot moist mouth, loving it. 
She has never had anybody love her. She didn’t know how to kiss. That’s why she was crying when she saw the bastard had left his mark. I’m so happy that they didn’t rape her. Dios took care of her, gracias dios mio (thank god). 
Could it be possible that my corazon (heart), my alma (soul) recognized that she’s mia? Is that the reason that I felt such terror? The anguish was intense, just thinking of her here in their clutches, contemplates Loco.
“Roberto, that feels so good,” moans Claudia, going crazy with need. 
I never knew that making love is this delicious. “Roberto, I love your lips on me, and your hands.” 
Loco hears her. Si, Claudia is mia (mine), only mia. She feels the same way. I know it and this is pure heaven.
“I need you inside me,” moans Claudia. She pulls him up for a ravenous beso. She feels him sink his hot cock into her. He takes her this time fast and deep.
“Oh yes, this feels fantastic,” says Claudia. She shifts her hips up to meet him. I just want him deeper inside my pussy. He feels so delicious, she thinks desperately.
She’s killing me! She’s so tight and hot. I just love how she feels. She’s so passionate, he thinks. 
He bends down for a fiery beso, branding her alma (soul) and holding her tight until they reach their release as one alma. 
Loco gazes into her beautiful eyes and he smiles. Yes, she’s mia (mine), only mia. I don’t want to let her go, ever.
They fall asleep in each other’s arms after their lovemaking. They sleep for a couple of hours.
Chapter Nineteen

Loco wakes up first and looks down into her beautiful face. He grins at her. 
Oh yeah, she’s only mia (mine) and it wasn’t a dream, muse Loco.
He softly touches her beautiful breasts looking at his marks. Yes, now all of the marks on her breasts are mine. She’ll forget that animal. 
Claudia feels Loco’s hands on her breasts, immediately feeling a delicious ache, she moans with pleasure. She gazes at him. 
I love his hands on me. She moves her hand down to touch his cock. Oh yeah, he’s ready, he feels luscious. He’s nice and hard. 
Hmmm, he feels so good. She moves onto her back to have him kiss her breasts. 
Loco looks into her passionate eyes, smiles down at her. He leans down to love her breasts. He takes one hard nipple and closes his eyes savoring the taste. 
How did I get so lucky to have this woman in my arms? I never dreamed that she would want me. 
“Roberto,” says Claudia. She sighs, caressing his back. She moves her hands up and pulls off the leather strap that binds his hair. 
Oh si, this is what I wanted to do since I first saw him. She runs her fingers through his glorious silky hair. 
“Baby, I need you,” says Loco. He sinks his throbbing cock in nice and deep into her hot tight pussy, making him whimper. 
He rocks in and out slowly, wanting to taste and enjoy every stroke. 
He gazes into her green eyes full of pasión (passion) and amor (love)? Could she have fallen in love so quickly? Hell yes, I pray that she has because I have. 
Yes, he’s mio, only mio. I can see his amor in his beautiful warm brown eyes. Hmmm, yes, he feels so good, she thinks. She touches his tight ass and pulls him closer. 
Loco feels her touch, growing hotter. He takes her lips in a deep beso. 
Yes, she learns quickly. I love her besos. 
They reach their release together, as one complete alma. They smile at each other, enjoying their connection. 
Loco falls back. I don’t want to disengage. I love being inside her pussy, he thinks. He holds her close. He closes his eyes, enjoying her. She’s only mia.
After a few moments of hugging, Loco remembers the small pool with thermal water that’s a few feet away. 
You could barely hear the gurgling. “Baby, do you want to take a nice warm bath?” asks Loco. He grins, watching her disbelief. 
“You’re kidding!” asks Claudia, surprised. “Yes, of course I do, and especially if you take one with me.” 
“Done,” replies Loco. He stands with her in his arms as if she only weighs a couple of pounds.
Geeze, my man is strong. He’s just amazing, she thinks. She holds onto his incredible strong, wide shoulders. 
Loco walks over to the small pool of thermal water and slowly slips in. 
“I don’t know how deep this pool is. Does it feel good,” asks Loco. He gazes into her pleased face.
“It’s wonderful,” replies Claudia. She grins with pleasure, never expecting this treat.
Loco pulls her close and devours her mouth. Claudia wraps her arms around his neck. Oh, damn yes! I love that she holds on tight and returns my besos, he thinks. 
“Baby, I can love you all day,” say Loco, kissing her neck and marking her. He travels down to her sweet nipple. 
Hmmm, I just love her taste, he thinks. He returns to kiss her with all of his pasión (passion). 
Yeah, he feels wonderful next to my skin. I love this feeling of skin against skin. She rubs her breasts against his chest, making him moan. 
The pool is deep enough for them to stand and the water reaches their chests. 
It is pure heaven, thinks Claudia. She enjoys every minute. I don’t want to go home. I want to stay here in our paradise.
They both sink down to wet their faces and hair. 
Claudia caresses his hard aching cock, loving his feel. She explores and learns, loving to hear him moan. 
Yes, he loves me to touch his cock. Hmmm, his beautiful eyes look feverish with pasión (passion). “Roberto, I want to taste you.” 
Oh, yes, he’s all hot and ready for my amor. I want to love him. 
“Sit on the edge,” requests Claudia.  She watches him pull himself up onto the edge, flexing all of his wonderful muscles.
Oh dios mio, he is absolutely gorgeous and he’s all mine. I’m taking a bite of that tight ass, she thinks. 
She leans in taking a small bite, hearing his grasp of surprise. He looks at her.
“Baby, you’re very naughty,” says Loco. I love her pasión (passion). 
Damn, she really does want to taste me. Ahh, yes, this is wonderful, he thinks. 
He watches as she takes his cock inside her hot moist mouth. 
Yes, he tastes real good and I love how he’s moaning. This is awesome. He is so hard and soft, muses Claudia. 
Hmmm, he’s big, but I love how he feels inside me. I want to nibble all of him, she thinks. She moves down his cock to his sac. 
Yes, this is good. She softly licks his sacs, making him go wild with need.
“Baby, I need you,” he says. He pulls her up out of the water and impales her hot pussy on his hot aching cock. He leans back. “Baby, you can ride me,” says Loco. He shows her how. 
Oh yes, I love this. This is great. I have control and I really love how he feels inside me. Yes, I’m sliding off and then taking him in deeper.
“Roberto, you feel so awesome,” moans Claudia. She feels him take a breast into his mouth. 
Amazing, I need more, he thinks. He helps her moving faster. Oh damn yes, this is it. 
Loco moans with intense pleasure, feeling her pussy grasp him tight. Oh dios mio, this is painfully sweet, simply pure heaven. 
“Roberto,” moans Claudia. She feels him bite her nipple. He then sucks it, making her pussy grasp him tighter. 
Loco and Claudia yell into their hungry kiss, as they reach their release, fusing their almas. 
They lay on the ground until they’re able to control their breathing. Holding each other tight, they don’t want to let go.
“Baby, let’s bathe and get back to the mat. I want to love you,” says Loco. His eyes gleam with desire. 
Yes, I want to love her. We have lots of time to love, he thinks.
“Yes, that’s a real good idea,” replies Claudia, grinning. She falls back, pulling him into the bathing pool.
Loco pulls her into his arms, running his hands down her silky back and to her incredible ass. 
Oh hell yes, she’s all mia (mine), only mia. I’m going to love her all day. Now I want to taste her. 
He picks her up into his arms, walking out of the pool of water to the mat. 
He gently places her onto the mat, kissing her. His hands roam her body, exploring every inch of her incredible body.
Hmm, I need to taste her, he thinks. He moves down her stomach, nipping and kissing every inch down. 
Oh yeah, this is what I want. Loco tenderly kisses her sweet silky pussy. 
Damn, her pussy is pure heaven. “Baby, you taste so good,” mumbles Loco. 
He continues to love her, making her go wild with need. Damn, I love her sweet pussy. He softly sucks and nibbles all of her sweet pussy. Yes, she’s beautiful everywhere and she’s mia. 
“Baby, you’re mia (mine), only mia,” states Loco. He devours her sweet honey. 
Hmmm, did I hear him correctly? Oh yeah, he loves me. “Yes, Roberto, I’m tuya (yours), always yours,” replies Claudia, in a breathless whisper.
Damn, I need more, he thinks. He rubs his face into her sweet pussy, breathing in her scent. 
“Roberto, I need you now,” moans Claudia. She pulls him up, hearing him laugh with pleasure. 
Damn, sweet. He shoves his hard, throbbing cock into her tight, swollen pussy. 
Hell yes, she’s so tight. “Baby,” he moans. 
Yes, he’s all wild with desire and I just love him. “Roberto, te amo (I love you),” says Claudia. 
She whispers, gazing into his soft brown eyes. She watches him register what she said. His amazing brown eyes sparkle with pleasure. 
Did I hear her right? Can she love me? She looks like she does. Oh hell, wow, please, let it be so, he thinks.
“Yes Baby, I feel you, te amo (I love you),” whispers Loco.
“My soul has loved you since the beginning of time. I know this is love, you’re my alma gemela (soul mate).” 
He gazes into her beautiful hazel eyes that turn greener with pasión (passion). He takes her hands into his huge hands and laces them tightly. He kisses her with all of his alma (soul) and corazon (heart). 
Roberto is only mio (mine), she thinks. They reach heaven, feeling their almas fuse. 
Hell, she loves me.
Chapter Twenty

Damn how did I get so lucky? “Baby, where do you live?” asks Roberto. I need to learn everything about her. 
Roberto turns onto his back, pulling her with him, not wanting to let go of her. Damn, finally I’m sated. I’ve never loved so much in such a short time. 
“Amor, I live in California, in the San Bernardino area. Where do you live? Where are you from? Tell me about your familia,” asks Claudia eagerly. 
“Baby, I’m also from California; I was born and raised in San Jose,” says Loco. He rubs her back. 
“I don’t have any familia.” Loco looks at her gravely. “I’m the youngest child. My padres (parents) and only hermano (brother) passed away in a car accident ten years ago.” 
“Oh amor, I’m sorry,” says Claudia softly. She gazes into his eyes, she discerns the intense grief that the memories provoke. “Te amo.” She leans down close to whisper in his ear. 
“Baby, I’m fine. I didn’t have time to mourn my family. The last ten years have been intense. I was in the military, training hard to achieve my goals. I carry my family in my thoughts and in my heart. I’m in heaven knowing that you’re mine, only mine:” Damn, I know that she would never betray me.
“I’m a twin. I’m the eldest by one minute,” says Claudia grinning. She gazes up at him. 
“That incredible, are you two identical twins? I better mark you because I don’t want any exchanges going on,” replies Loco raising his eyebrow.
“Amor, you’re so naughty. I do have a mark right here, didn’t you see it?” She points near her pussy. “The small birthmark appears like a heart,” says Claudia. 
Loco grins, he leans down to inspect the birthmark. “Baby, you’re so hot. Yeah, I see it now. It is little and very light. Oh yeah, it does looks like a small heart,” agrees Roberto. He softly kisses her birth mark.
She laughs pulling him up for a beso. Claudia pulls away, gazing into his eyes. “Yes, we’re identical twins. My sister’s name is Veronica and she’s a Model.” 
“Is that right? That’s incredible, is she famous?” asks Roberto attentively. 
“Yes, Roberto, she’s one of the Eve’s Pleasure models,” says Claudia smiling wickedly. Yeah I knew he would think it’s amusing.
“Oh damn yes, I was right. I thought that you looked like one of the Eve’s Pleasure models when I saw you,” replies Loco, grinning. “Now I have my very own Eve’s Pleasure model.” 
Claudia laughs, pulling him close. Yeah, all men are the same.
“Baby, what inspired you to be a FBI agent?” asks Loco. I wonder why such an innocent girl would want to deal with such scum. 
“I’ve always wanted to be an FBI agent, Roberto. My friend in school was involved in drugs. She was never the same. I decided then that I wanted to get rid of some of the scum in this world. Now I’m tired of the endless supply of criminals. A few weeks ago, I decided that I was going to resign after this mission. Now I really think I will because I don’t want to expose my life any more. I’ve decided that I’ll work for my family,” states Claudia nodding. She rests her head on his shoulder, starting to feel tired. 
“Baby, I certainly feel relieved that you’re going to resign. I will die if anything happens to you,” voices Loco. He pulls her closer to his chest, locking her in his arms, and closes his eyes. 
“Roberto, what are your plans for the future? Are you going to continue on as a Delta Force?” asks Claudia gazing over at him.
“I, too, will die if something happens to you. I know how risky your job is and don’t try to say differently. I don’t want to lose you now that I’ve found you. Do you know how long I’ve been waiting for you? I thought you were never going to show,” says Claudia. 
She stares into his warm eyes and narrows hers. Yes, he doesn’t like this. Well, I’m not going to risk losing him. That’s too bad.
Loco gazes into her beautiful eyes. Oh damn, I have to think about this. This has been my life for so long. I’ve worked hard to be on top. I understand her objection because I feel the same, muses Roberto.
“Baby, I need to think. I understand what you’re asking. I don’t want to lose you but please give me some time. I need time to think because this is happening quickly. I’m hundred percent sure that your my life, my alma gemela (soul mate),” expresses Loco. 
He pulls her up close to kiss her deeply, expressing his intense feelings, his amor (love). 
Hell yes, she’s the one and I will not lose her. I need to think. I’ve worked so hard to get this far. I’ve always wanted to be a CIA special agent. I need to discuss this with her, muses Loco. 
“Baby, I’ve worked hard to be a Delta Force. My goal is to apply for the CIA special agents. My duty as a Delta Force is almost over,” says Loco. 
I have to think about what I’m going to do next. I don’t want to lose her, ponders Loco.
“Roberto, I pray that you take my request into consideration when you make your decision. I will support your decision, but I would truly love you to consider other jobs,” says Claudia, gazing into his eyes.
Damn, I understand what she’s saying. I know that I would die if she continues to be an FBI agent. Is being a CIA special agent worth me losing my amor? Damn, no. 
I was dying before I even loved her, touched her, and tasted her. I didn’t know her and yet my alma did. My alma ached when she was being held hostage. 
“Roberto, you can be an instructor or you can work in my family’s company,” says Claudia smiling. She’s amused with his surprised facial expression. 
“What do you mean?” asks Loco frowning. He observes her to discern what she’s up to. 
“Roberto, my family owns a company and you can work there,” replies Claudia nodding. She observes his expression.
“Baby, I don’t know. Your family might not want me to work there. What would I do?” asks Loco. “I think that we need to explore our options,” he says. 
Yeah, I need to think. There’s a lot to think about in such a short period of time.
“Roberto, my family works at our company. We own our own construction company. We design and build all kinds of buildings,” says Claudia, smiling
“Okay, Baby, we can explore that option. I want to be close to you. I want you in my life forever,” replies Loco. 
“Roberto, te amo,” says Claudia, pleased. Oh Dios mio, I’m so thrilled, she thinks. 
“Okay, Baby, we need to rest. I need to sleep a little because we need to be at the pickup at 0300,” says Loco. He pulls her close, wrapping his strong arms around her. He closes his eyes.
“Yes, Roberto,” replies Claudia. They fall asleep, from exhaustion, in each other’s arms. 
Chapter Twenty-One

“Baby, wake up,” says Loco, rubbing Claudia’s back. “It’s time to leave for pickup.”
“I don’t want to leave our paradise,” says Claudia. She gazes at Loco, with sadness.
Claudia’s corazon aches with fear! I’m so scared of losing him. My alma is scared of letting him go, ponders Claudia. 
“Baby, I love it here. I will never forget our amazing moments here in our haven,” replies Loco. “We will have more. I promise.”
Claudia pulls him down for a hungry desperate beso. Dios mio, please save us, thinks Claudia.
Loco pulls back to gaze deeply into her eyes. My Baby is scared? What’s bothering her, Loco asks himself. 
“Baby, we need to hurry. I don’t want to miss our pickup. I don’t want to risk the soldiers locating us,” says Loco. 
He gazes deeply into her eyes. “Baby, if we get pursued, I will have to engage. I need you to promise me that you will run to the pickup. I want you to get away. I’ll be okay,” says Loco.
“No, Roberto, no. I’ll stay and help you. I’m trained,” replies Claudia. “I don’t want to leave you.”
Loco gazes into her eyes, he notices her stubbornness. “Baby, please promise me you will run. Promise me,” demands Loco. “I’ll be okay. I don’t want to risk that the drug soldiers get their hands on you.”
Claudia’s eyes tear up. She gazes into his eyes, shakes her head no. “No, I will not leave without you! I will not risk losing you,” whispers Claudia. Tears threaten to spill. She blinks them away. She pulls away. 
Loco stands in a quick fluid motion. He stands motionless, clenching his fists. “I’m not going to back down. Promise me that you will use your training and expertise. Promise me you will run at your maximum speed to escape!” growls Loco.
“We need to get ready. Time is running out,” says Claudia. 
She uses her inner strength to remain calm and strong. Yes, I need to be a strong woman for my man. I can’t be weak now. I have to be ready for action. I will not leave him behind. I’d rather die, thinks Claudia.
Loco swiftly turns to get his clothes. Damn it all to hell. I know that she’s going to fight me on this. I can see it in her eyes. My Baby is a tough woman, but also very sexy, he thinks.
Loco grinds his jaw with frustration. He quickly dresses and looks for the strips of material to wrap her feet. 
He turns to look at her. Yeah, she’s ready. She pulled on my t-shirt. Oh damn, I need to control my emotions. This is not a good time. I don’t know if I should love her or argue with her, he thinks.
“Ms. De La Cruz, allow me to wrap your feet,” says Loco in an even tone. Yeah, this is the only way I know that I can control my emotions, he thinks. He grinds his molars in his effort to remain emotionless. 
Claudia turns to look at him. This is incredible! He’s shutting me out! Oh, dios mio, thinks Claudia.
“Really Roberto, you’re going to shut me out? I can’t believe this. You’re going to treat me like an unknown,” demands Claudia. She glares at him with anger, hurt and frustration. 
“We need to hurry,” replies Loco. He gazes into her eyes. Yeah, she’s mad but at least she might listen to reason, he thinks. 
I see that he’s determined and will not budge. He has shut me out. I know he’s in his Delta Force mode. Oh, dios mio, what should I do? I don’t want to leave him. He might need me, thinks Claudia.
She sits on a boulder and watches him take her feet and wrap them up. 
He will not look at me. I know that he’s going to treat me like a stranger, muses Claudia.

“I want you to spread out. El Tigre will not allow us stop searching for the woman. He wants us to locate her. He wants us to search further in and on the mountain,” growls Chavez.
“Patron (boss), the dogs are tired and so are we,” replies one of the drug soldiers. 
Chavez takes out his gun and kills him. He turns to the other soldiers. “Is anyone else tired? I’ll be glad to give you some rest!” yells Chavez. 
The dogs bark loader with the gunshot. “Pronto, gueys! What are you waiting for? Move it, go and bring back the woman!” yells Chavez. 
The dogs bark loudly and wild. The men and dogs are tired. They split into different directions to search for Claudia.

Loco quickly stands and grabs his backpack. He turns to take her hand. Not a single word is exchanged. They both hear the commotion and the dogs’ barks. 
They creep out of the back cave, slowly. They listen for any activity nearby. 
Loco pulls Claudia along and out of the cave. Swiftly he starts running north, down the mountainside, with Claudia behind him. 
Yes, I can run! I can keep up with him, thinks Claudia. She runs along his side. 
They run for a few miles nonstop, all the time listening to the dogs bark and the soldier’s yells. 
Loco runs and stops to check his mic. Yeah, it’s working, he thinks. “20 out,” says Roberto.
“Concur, 20 north, spot,” replies Ghost, grinning.
“Engage and retrieve,” says Loco. He gazes at Claudia. 
What in the hell does that mean, thinks Claudia. She glares at Loco. He’s going to leave me.
“Negative,” says Ghost. Hell no, he will not engage. He’s loco, what in the hell! He will not make it. They’re too many of them, thinks Ghost, with anger.
“Done,” replies Loco. He takes Claudia’s hand and sprints towards the pickup.

What the fucking hell is Loco thinking? Ghost asks himself. He rubs his face with frustration. He turns to the team. 
“Loco wants to engage and for us to retrieve the FBI agent. He’s truly acting loco on this mission. I don’t want to leave him behind. We can see that the dogs and soldiers are behind them. Team, are we in?” asks Ghost. 
Ghost looks at Panther for support. Panther looks at the team and nods. “Yeah, we can’t leave him,” replies Panther. “We need to sweep and clean.”
“Hell, yeah! Bulldog! Retrieve FBI agent,” says Ghost.
“Now,” says Panther, dropping out of the plane. The team jumps out and lands on the ground. They spread out and sweep in to clean. 

Oh, dios mio, I’m tired, thinks Claudia. She trips over a tree stump. She almost falls. 
Loco quickly stops and holds her. He gazes into her eyes with cold determination. “Almost there,” says Roberto. 
Claudia looks into his eyes. Oh dios mio, he’s totally disengaged. I can see that he will not respond, muses Claudia. 
The dogs run, closing up the gap. Drug soldiers are yelling with excitement. “Pronto!” yells Chavez. 
“Run! Run now!” growls Loco. He turns to run back in the direction of the dogs. 
Yeah, I have to distract them. I will not allow them to take my Baby. Claudia is my alma gemela, my world. I’d rather live with her hate, than to live with her death, thinks Loco. 
Determined and furious, he sprints towards the drug soldiers, ready to fight. 
“Roberto!” yells Claudia. Tears fall down her beautiful face. “Robert, te amo, I love you!” 
Claudia watches him run into the trees. She hears the dogs and drug soldiers yell out. Shots are fired. She hears Loco yell out. 
I can’t leave him here, I have to help him, thinks Claudia. She wipes her tears. She’s about to run after him when a pair of arms grabs her. 
Claudia yells with fear. Oh dios mio! They caught me, she thinks. She begins to yell and kick. 
“Delta Force, Travis Graystone,” says Bulldog. 
He holds her tight. He speaks into the mic. “Secured,” says Bulldog.
Wow, another Delta Force. That means that I can’t help Roberto, she thinks. 
Claudia starts to sob hysterically. “Let me go, I need to help Roberto!” yells Claudia. She’s kicking Bulldog.
“Ms. De La Cruz, the team will help him. I’m going take you back,” says Bulldog. Damn, this agent is a beauty, he thinks.
Claudia nods and allows him to pick her up. She pulls the t-shirt as low as she can. 
Bulldog jogs back and the gurney drops down. He places Claudia inside and ties the straps. The gurney is pulled up. 
Claudia continues to sob. Dios mio, please I beg you! Please take care of Roberto, she prays.
Chapter Twenty-Two

Damn it all to hell! She loves me! Hell yeah, thinks Loco. 
He runs into the trees and spots the drug soldiers. I’m going to kill each one of them. I’m going to make them pay for taking Claudia and for their mistreatment, thinks Loco. 
“Look, gueys!” yells Chavez. He points at Loco coming at them. 
“Pronto!” He calls the rest of his soldiers that are down the side of the mountain. 
The drug soldiers shoot at him. Loco continues to run towards the drug soldiers. He doesn’t feel the shots that hit his shoulder and his right side.
He throws off the dogs as they jump up at him, flinging them far. He continues towards the drug soldiers. He stands, makes a sweep firing back, and kills several drug soldiers. 
Hell yes, I’m going to kill them, he thinks. He continues to advance, not registering the shots that hit him. He’s on an adrenaline and anger high.
“Gueys, I’m going to kill you!” yells Loco. I’m going to kill the guey that gives the orders. He has a lot to do with how they treated my Baby, he thinks. 
“Idiotas, get him!” yells Chavez. He sees that Loco is shooting at them. “Who in the hell is he? Where’s the woman!”
Loco is blinded with rage and continues forward. His focus is to eliminate as many as he can and especially Chavez. 
I might die trying, but I know that they don’t have the skill to kill me, he thinks. 
Loco takes cover behind a boulder. He aims and kills several drug soldiers. Fucking hell, I need to kill that bastard, he thinks. 
Loco takes aim at Chavez black heart. He squints and pulls the trigger. Oh yeah, I got him, thinks Loco. 
“Loco, have your back,” yells Panther. He runs past Loco and kills some drug soldiers that are advancing towards Loco. 
The team operatives engage and eliminate the drug soldiers in the area. 
Loco hears Panther. Good, the team is here, thinks Loco. He falls to the ground, unconscious. He’s losing lots of blood. 
Hell no! Loco fell, he must be injured, thinks Ghost. He runs up to Loco, after killing some drug soldiers that have attacked.
Ghost drops down next to Loco. He quickly assesses the five crucial points. He checks the airways, breathing, circulation, any type of disability/deformity, and for any hidden wounds.
“Panther, we need to get Loco to the medical center! I can’t assess the extent of the damage caused by the gunshots,” growls Ghost. “I’m applying pressure to the wounds, but he’s losing a lot of blood.”
“Bulldog, gurney,” says Panther into the mic. 
“Ready,” replies Bulldog. He grabs the gurney that drops down.
“I’m picking him up and you continue to put pressure on the wounds,” says Panther. 
“Clear!” says Panther. He communicates with the other team operatives. 
“He’s going into shock!” yells Ghost.
They sprint towards the waiting gurney. Panther quickly places Loco into the gurney. 
Ghost straddles the gurney. He continues to apply direct pressure to control the bleeding. He goes up with Loco. 
Panther and Bulldog grab the rope and quickly climb it. The remaining team operatives arrive, grab the rope, and rapidly climb up.
“Bulldog, I need help! Apply some direct pressure to the pressure points, we need to control the bleeding!” yells Ghost.
Bulldog quickly applies pressure, looking at Loco. “Why did he do it? We were here for pickup. I secured the FBI agent,” says Bulldog. 
“I don’t know! Loco acted strange from the get-go,” says Ghost. He looks at Loco turn gray. 
“We need to get to the hospital fast!” yells Panther to the pilots. “I don’t want to lose him.”

“We need to wait for Roberto,” yells Claudia. “Let me go! Stop this plane!” 
Claudia is hysterical. She sobs out of control. Oh dios mio. Please, please take care of Roberto, she prays. 
“Agent De La Cruz, we have direct orders to take you to the hospital,” says Redfox. “Razer 8 is good.” 
Everything transpires quickly and Claudia is taken to the hospital. 
Redfox is ready to leave after delivering Claudia to the medical facility. He’s at the door when Claudia stops him.
“Oh dios mio, please tell me if Roberto De Leon is safe,” implores Claudia. 
Redfox shakes his head and turns to leave.
“Please, don’t leave without telling me! I need to know!” she yells. 
Redfox stops and turns to look at Claudia soberly. “Ms. De La Cruz, you’re aware that the operative’s status is classified,” replies Redfox. “Best wishes.”

Loco is on the bed in the operating room, surrounded by doctors. 
“Dr. Canon, I think that we lost him,” says Dr. Blackstone. He’s keeping up with the urgency with which Dr. Canon is working to save Loco. 
“He will make it,” says Dr. Canon. 
Loco stands next to the doctors working on him. He looks at his body and sees the urgency that the doctors are using to save him. 
I wonder why they keep on working on me. I’m gone. I’m heading towards that brilliant light down that tunnel, thinks Loco. The only thing that’s keeping me from running towards the tunnel is Claudia. I need to talk to her. I need to tell her that I feel her, our almas are one, and that she’s mia for eternity.
I don’t see how I can tell her. I told her last night. I pray that she always remembers that I love her for eternity, he thinks. 
He walks towards the light. He hears the doctor’s urgency in trying to bring him back. They’re anxiously doing everything to save him. 
Loco shrugs and walks towards the light, smiling. Oh dios mio, that’s my Mama smiling at me. 
“Mama, I miss you,” yells Loco. He runs to her at the edge of the tunnel that leads to the light. 
“Mi hijo, I love you. Mi hijo, you need to return to your Claudia. She needs you. It’s not your time to join us,” says Mama Lucy. 
“Mama, I want to stay with you. I want to see my Padre and my hermano, Miguel,” says Loco. He hugs his Mama. 
“Mi hijo, you need to return to Claudia. You have a long future with her and your bebe,” says Mama Lucy. 
“Bebe?” repeats Roberto. He gazes into Mama Lucy’s eyes. He’s confused and curious. “Claudia is going to have my bebe?” 
“Yes, my son. You will be a wonderful Padre. You need to return to take care of your familia. Remember that your familia is the most important thing in this world,” says Mama Lucy. “I have to return.”
“Mama, I love you,” says Loco. His tears fall down his face. 
“Operative De Leon, do you hear us!” asks Dr. Canon. He observes the tears fall down Loco’s face. 
“Dr. Blackstone, he appears to be crying. His vitals are now stabilized,” says Dr. Canon. 
“Yes, it looks like he’s back,” agrees Dr. Blackstone, nodding. “I really thought we lost him.”
“I did too, but for some unknown reason I kept at it,” replies Dr. Canon. He shakes his head with disbelief. 
Wow, I didn’t think he was going to make it. This is unreal. He was gone for a couple minutes, muses Dr. Canon.
“Dr. Canon, I believe that Operative De Leon will make it,” says Dr. Blackstone. 
“Yes, I think so,” replies Dr. Cannon, nodding. 
Chapter Twenty-Three

Oh dios mio, thinks Claudia. Please take care of Roberto and keep him safe. Please don’t take him away from me. 
She stares at the door waiting for Loco to walk in. I need Roberto to walk into my room. Nobody wants to give me any information. I don’t know if he’s alive or injured. I’m dying. Ice didn’t want to disclose any information. 
The doctors thoroughly inspected my body for injuries. They took tons of blood tests and also had the psychiatrist visit me. Yeah, she wanted me to admit that I was raped. They insist that they know that I was a virgin from their last exam. They also noticed all of Roberto’s love bites. I can’t tell them about Roberto. 
They wanted to give me the medication to prevent pregnancy. Yeah, the morning after pill, hell no! Wow, that really hit me hard. Yes, of course, I could be pregnant. I missed my appointment for the birth control shot. I didn’t bother to reschedule my appointment. Si, I thought that my mission would be over and I that I wouldn’t need it.  
Claudia’s eyes tear up. She closes her eyes. I will know before I go home if I’m pregnant. I will not allow them to end my bebe’s life. Hell no! I wouldn’t allow it. I know that Roberto will come searching for me. I have to believe this. I saw his amor (love) in his eyes and felt his alma (soul), ponders Claudia. 
She wipes the tears from her face. I will be strong for Roberto and our bebe. The Bureau will not allow my familia to visit me until all the tests results have been cleared. 
She buries her face into the pillow, curling up into a ball. She falls asleep from exhaustion. 

“Any news,” asks Panther, approaching Ghost. Yeah, I know Ghost is hurting. They’re close like brothers, he thinks.
“No news, they’re still operating on Loco,” replies Ghost. He’s sitting in one of the hospital’s waiting room chairs. He’s leaning forward, resting his elbows on his knees. He rubs his head with his hands, with frustration and fear. 
“I’m praying that he comes out okay. You and I know what his dream is and how hard he has worked to achieve it. I can’t think of losing Loco. He’s like family. He’s like my brother,” says Ghost. 
“Hey, we need to be positive. He’s strong and stubborn. He will be okay. Ghost, we have to have faith,” says Panther. He takes a seat next to Ghost. “The team is praying for him.”
“Yeah, I know. I’m wondering what made him go back. Why go back when he’s at pickup with the cargo?” asks Ghost. He looks up, to look at Panther. 
“Yeah, that’s what the team has been wondering. We know that he takes risks, but to intentionally return to the fire is insane,” replies Panther.  
Ghost and Panther leap up from the chair as they watch Dr. Canon approach.
Dr. Canon approaches Ghost and Panther. 
“We managed to save Operative De Leon. We almost lost him once. The surgery was a success. His injuries were a small gunshot wound to the stomach and two other gunshot wounds to his right thigh and left shoulder. We performed laparoscopic exploration and were able to repair several injuries to his small bowel. The thigh and shoulder injuries are superficial wounds,” says Dr. Canon.
“Hell, yes! Loco is going to survive!” groans Ghost. His voice is raspy from his anxiety and fear of losing Loco. Thank you god, thinks Ghost. He closes his eyes for a few seconds.
“Fantastic news, Dr. Canon,” says Panther, nodding. He glances at Ghost swallowing his tears.
“We had difficulty assessing the extent of the damages done by the gunshot wound. He was bleeding severely. It helped that he was brought into the hospital immediately. Operative De Leon is stabilized and in ICU.”
“Can we see him?” ask Ghost. 
“Right now, it wouldn’t be a good idea. He needs rest and is being monitored. He’s still in critical condition. You can visit him in the morning. He will be here for a few weeks,” says Dr. Canon. He observes Ghost and Panther. 
“Okay, Dr. Canon, we understand,” replies Panther. 
“Yeah, thanks,” says Ghost.

The next day, Claudia is trying to eat some breakfast. I can’t eat this, it’s gross. I want to go home and talk to my Mama, thinks Claudia.
I need to take care of several issues. When I’m released from here, I’m going straight to speak to Ice. I’m going to ask him to search for Roberto. I need him to tell me he’s well. I have this awful anxiety that’s driving insane. I’m going to resign. Hell, yes, especially since the doctors confirmed that I’m pregnant. Wow, I’m having my Roberto’s bebe. This really gives me strength to continue living. I need to get strong for our bebe. I know that Roberto will search for me, muses Claudia. 
There’s a knock on Claudia’s room. Hmm, I wonder who it is. Can it be Roberto? wonders Claudia. 
She smiles, looking at the door. “Come in,” says Claudia. Oh si, my Baby is here, she thinks.
The door opens and Ice walks into the room “Hi, Claudia, how are you feeling?” asks Ice. “The doctors advised that you’re doing well, but that you’re pregnant. They also stated that you refuse to take the morning after pill to prevent this pregnancy.”
“Ice, this is not the Bureau concern,” replies Claudia. She stares at Ice. “I have every right to continue with this pregnancy. I want this baby. I told the doctors a million times that I was not raped!” says Claudia. “I need you to look for the delta force operative that rescued me. I need to know that he’s ok. I need to talk to him. Ice please, please I need you to locate him and learn his status.”
“Claudia, you know damn well that a delta force operative’s status is classified. Your status is classified. I can’t help you. Why do you want to talk to him?” asks Ice. He observes Claudia. I wonder what the urgency is. What’s the real reason that she needs to locate him?
“I need to thank him for rescuing me. I need to know that he’s well,” replies Claudia. She returns Ice’s stare. 
I will not tell him that Roberto is the padre of my bebe. I don’t want the agencies to discipline him. I don’t want them to think that he took advantage of me. Hell no, they don’t need to know, ponders Claudia.
“Claudia, I’m sorry. You’re asking the impossible. You know damn well that the agencies are protective of their operatives. That’s the way it is,” Ice calmly states.
“This is absurd, Ice. I’m an FBI agent. I will not hurt him, ever! I need you to get me his information,” yells Claudia. “I’m resigning. I can’t take this work anymore!”
“Claudia, I think you should go home and rest. You can think about it and let me know if you still want to resign. You’re an asset to Bureau. You speak Spanish and you’re able to infiltrate easily into the drug rings,” says Ice. 
“Ice, I’m telling you now that I made up my mind. You have been informed that I’m pregnant. I’m not going to risk putting my baby in any jeopardy,” says Claudia.
“Damn, yes, I was informed. I understand your position. Okay, Claudia, I can have you out on maternity leave,” says Ice. “I really don’t want to lose you.”
“Ice, I thank you for your belief in my abilities. I’ve made up my mind. I’m going to take care of my baby,” replies Claudia. He looks at him somberly. 
Ice stares at Claudia with frustration. Damn it all to hell! Claudia is an excellent agent. She’s perfect for these missions. Maybe she’ll change her mind after she has this baby. Damn it, who’s the father? he thinks.
“Okay Claudia, I understand. I’ll be happy to take you back after you have the baby,” says Ice.
“Ice, I don’t want you to wait. I’m not returning,” responds Claudia. “I’ve made up my mind.”
Ice sees her determination. “Okay, I understand,” says Ice. “When you’ve rested for a few days, I need you to stop by the office. I need you to sign the paperwork.”
“Okay, will do,” replies Claudia. 
Ice nods and he turns to leave. He stops at the door. “Don’t try to locate the operative. It will be impossible,” says Ice. He walks out.
Chapter Twenty-Four

Claudia is walking out of the medical doctor’s office. She smiles with happiness as she strides towards her car. 
Oh dios mio, my bebe is healthy. I’m having a boy. I’m so happy. Si, I know that Roberto will be pleased. She wipes a tear from her cheek. 
I haven’t been able to get any information on Roberto. Every agency where I inquire about him refuses to provide any information. It’s classified, they maintain. I need to know that he’s alive. I need to confirm that he’s well. I know that he would be here with me if he was well. I need to be with him. I can feel that he’s alive. I’m going crazy. This is the only thing that’s keeping me from being one hundred percent happy. 
Claudia reaches her car. She looks around out of habit. She slides into her car. 
Wow, I’m still acting like if I’m undercover. I pray that I will be able to live a normal life. Christopher also resigned at the same time. Ice is annoyed. Si, Veronica and Christopher are happy. 
She stares straight ahead, not noticing her surroundings. She’s in deep thought.
I have to tell my Mama that I’m pregnant. I’m going to start showing soon. I’m sixteen weeks. Oh dios mio, I can’t believe it. My padres are going to be upset, but I know that they will love my bebe. 
What should I tell them about Roberto? I know they will have lots of questions. 
She wipes her tears away with her fingers, closing her eyes. 
She sees Roberto smiling, gazing into her eyes. She hears him clearly in her mind. 
“Si, Baby, I feel you. Te amo,” replies Loco. “My alma has loved you since the beginning of time. I know this is amor, you’re my alma gemela.”  
Si, I have to remember and believe in his amor, thinks Claudia. She wipes her tears. 
I have to get home and talk to my Mama. I need to get my room ready for my bebe. Si, I’m going to ask Monique to help me decorate my room, she thinks.

Ghost walks into Loco’s room, smiling. Damn yes, Loco is ready to leave this damn hospital, muse Ghost.
“Why are you so happy?” growls Loco. He pulls on his black t-shirt. “Did you get the information that I want? Did you look for her?”
“Loco, yes. I finally located her. Damn, Loco, you really want her! You’ve been driving me crazy with your demands. I had to contact my ex-partner to get her information. You know this is against policy,” says Ghost. He shakes his head. He hands Loco the information.
“Ghost, I don’t need you to give me grief. I need to locate her,” says Loco. He takes the paper, glances at the address, and then shoves it in his pants. 
He grinds his teeth. Hmm, this still hurts. Yeah, but I’m gone. I need to get to Claudia and my bebe. My Mama told me she’s having my bebe and I believe it, thinks Loco.
“Damn, why won’t you tell me why you want to talk to her? You won’t tell me what happened,” says Ghost. He glares at Loco. “What happened?”
Loco glares back. I’m not telling him shit. This is sacred. Claudia is my mujer (woman) and I’m not going to explain anything to Ghost. Yeah, he’s like my brother, but Claudia is my mujer. I still haven’t told him that I resigned from the agency. I know he’s going to be pissed, he muses. 
I’ve had a lot of time to think. It’s clear that I won’t be able to live without Claudia. I understand what my Mama meant. Yeah, my familia is the most important thing in my life. I will not let Claudia go. I will not sacrifice my amor, my alma gemela for a job. This is a job and Claudia is my world, he thinks.
“Ghost, I need you to take me to my apartment. I have to get my bike,” requests Loco. He looks at Ghost.
“Loco, you’re insane. You can’t ride your bike. I came to pick you up in a rental,” replies Ghost. He glares at Loco. “What’s so damn urgent that it can’t wait a few more weeks?”
“Ghost, you’re my hermano, you know that!” says Roberto glaring at Ghost. “I’ll tell you on the way home.”
Ghost follows Loco down the hall and out the hospital. He notices Loco’s exertion of will to continue when he hurts.
Damn, stubborn Loco, he’ll never quit. This is insane. He won’t back down. He’s still not a hundred percent recovered, muses Ghost. 
They reach the parking lot. Ghost strides quickly down the lot ahead of Loco. He walks to the black SUV at the end of the parking garage. 
Ghost opens the door and Loco slides into the rented SUV. Damn, at least he rented this SUV, muses Loco. He closes his eyes and leans back into the seat.
Ghost slides into his seat and starts the SUV. He backs out. “Loco, I need you to tell me everything. Why the urgency to talk to the FBI agent? Oh yeah, it took longer to get the information because she’s not with the Bureau anymore,” says Ghost.
Loco opens his eyes, turns slightly towards Ghost. Hell yes, my baby did resign. This is fantastic. I don’t have to worry about her. Everything will work out. I know it, he thinks.
“Well, I’m waiting,” says Ghost. “We have a while to get to your apartment.”
“Damn it! This is between us! I don’t want you to mention this to the team,” says Loco. “You know that I resigned?”
Ghost turns to look at Loco furiously. “Fuck no! Hell no! Why did you do that for Loco! You’re my partner!” growls Ghost, in a low tone.
“Ghost, I’ve made up my mind. I have other priorities,” replies Loco. “I need to locate Claudia. She’s my woman. I’m going to marry her.”
“Fucking hell, no!” says Ghost, in a low tone. He glances over at Roberto. “You don’t know her.”
“Yeah, I do. My alma has known her for eternity. She’s mine,” states Loco. “I won’t back down on this.”
“Yeah, I can see it. You’re so damn stubborn,” says Ghost. He pulls into the apartment parking lot. 
“We’ll talk later. I need to go to Claudia,” says Loco. He slides out to go around the SUV. He takes the keys from Ghost. “Later.”
“Damn, Loco, you’re stubborn. You’re still not well. You don’t know this girl,” says Ghost. He shakes his head. Damn it, he thinks.
“Ghost, don’t you feel this way about your woman?” asks Loco. He glares at Ghost. Yeah, just what I thought, he thinks.
Ghost glares back. Fucking hell! I will not discuss Andrea with him, muses Ghost. I plan on taking the next step soon. It’s not the same. I’ve known Andrea for a few weeks.
Loco slides into the seat and slams the door. He starts the SUV and pulls out. He flicks his hand when pulling out. 

Claudia strides into her casa. “Mama,” calls out Claudia. 
She looks at her watch. “Mama, I need to talk to you,” says Claudia. 
It’s time for lunch. I hope that my padres are here together, she thinks.
“Si, mi hija,” replies her mama. She’s in the kitchen making the tortas. “Mi hija, would you like a torta?”
“Si, Mama, I’m starving,” says Claudia. She nods, giving her Papa Jorge a beso on his cheek.
“Hola, Papa,” says Claudia. She smiles at him. 
“Hola, mi hija,” replies Papa Jorge. 
Claudia walks over to her Mama Lupe. She gives her Mama Lupe a beso on her cheek. “Mama, would you like me to help you?” asks Claudia.
“No, mi hija, I’m done. I was making an extra torta. I always do in case one of you shows up,” replies Mama Lupe. “Here’s your torta.” 
“Gracias, I’ll take my Papa’s plate to him,” says Claudia. She grabs both plates and returns to the table in the sunroom. She places that plate in front of her Papa, smiling. 
“Gracias, mi hija,” says Papa Jorge. 
They eat their lunch talking about her resignation from the FBI agency and her plans. 
“Mi hija, your Mama and I are extremely pleased that you’ve resigned from the FBI. We don’t want to lose you while you’re on a mission. Do you have any plans?” asks Papa Jorge. He takes a drink of his lemonade. 
“Papa, I don’t want to work for a while,” says Claudia. She takes a drink of her cup of water. Wow, I’m always thirsty, muses Claudia.
“You want to take some time off,” asks Mama Lupe, nodding. “That sounds reasonable. You want to relax before going back to work.” 
“Si Mama, I want to relax and enjoy my bebe,” says Claudia. She looks at her padres with apprehension. 
“Your bebe?” asks Papa Jorge. He raises an eyebrow. “You’re pregnant? Who’s the Padre?”
“Mi hija, is there a reason why you didn’t tell us sooner? How far along are you?” asks Mama Lupe.
“Papa, Mama, I’m sixteen weeks. My bebe’s padre is a wonderful man. I know that he loves us,” states Claudia. She smiles at her padres.
“Where is he and who is he?” demands Papa Jorge. He’s getting angry. “I demand to meet him.”
“Calm down, Jorge. Mi hija, why did you keep your pregnancy to yourself?” asks Mama Lupe. “You know that we will always support and love the bebe.”
“Mama, I was waiting for Roberto to come for me,” says Claudia. “I wanted you to meet him. He’s a wonderful man.” 
“Mi hija, I know that he has to be special. I know that you’re extremely particular,” replies Mama Lupe, nodding. 
“Mama, Papa, I met Roberto when I was kidnapped. He’s one of the delta force operatives that rescued me,” says Claudia. She looks at her Padre’s surprise. “No, he didn’t take advantage of me.” 

Veronica and Christopher arrive at her Padre’s casa. He helps her out of the car. Christopher pulls Veronica into his arms. “Baby, te amo,” says Christopher. He hugs her close giving her a hungry passionate beso. 
Veronica wraps her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. 
Christopher pulls back, smiling. “Okay, let’s get your bags.” 
“Baby, I’m so excited. I’m happy that we’re finally getting married,” says Veronica. 
They walk into the casa. They walk down the hall into the kitchen. 
“Hola, Mama, Papa,” says Veronica, grinning. “Hola, hermana, it’s so awesome to see you home all the time.” She gives them a hug. 
“Hola, Padrinos (god parents), Claudia,” says Christopher. He gives them a hug. “We came to pick up some bags.”
“Hola, mi hijo, would you like a torta?” asks Mama Lupe. 
“No, Madrina (godmother), Veronica and I just had some lunch,” replies Christopher. 
“Why are you all so serious?” asks Veronica. She looks at them. 
“I’m pregnant,” replies Claudia. She looks at Veronica and Christopher. 
“Who’s the Padre?” asks Veronica. “You never told me about any man.”
“Geeze, Claudia, I never saw you with anyone,” says Christopher. He observes her closely. I wonder who it is. She never flirted with anyone at the agency, he muses.
“Yes, mi hijo, Claudia was going to tell us,” replies Mama Lupe. 
“I will tell you in a few. I’ll be right back,” says Claudia. She stands quickly before they stop her. 
I have to get away. I don’t want to talk about Roberto right now. I only wanted to tell my Padres. I’m not ready to tell my familia. I wanted to talk about my feelings and tell them all about Roberto. I wanted to talk to my Padres because I’m so lonely. I know that Roberto will come for me, muses Claudia. She strides quickly to her room. 
Her Padres, Veronica, and Christopher watch her leave the sunroom in a hurry. 
“Well, I have to hurry up. The store is going to close soon. You can give me the details later,” says Christopher. 
“Si, Baby, we need the invitations,” says Veronica, nodding. 
“I’ll be back in a while, Padrinos,” says Christopher. 
“Si, mi hijo,” replies Papa Jorge, looking out the window. I wonder why Claudia stopped telling us about the bebe’s Padre? he wonders.
“Si, mi hijo,” replies Mama Lupe. Why is mi hija acting so strange? She was talking to us about the bebe’s Padre, muses Mama Lupe. 
“I’ll go with you, Baby,” says Veronica, grinning. 
They walk down the hall and into the living room. Christopher stops and pulls her into his arms. “Baby, I’ll be back real quick. I want to take your bags home and then I want to go to that concert you wanted to go to,” says Christopher, grinning. 
“Oh, si, Baby, you’re awesome!!” says Veronica. 
She throws her arms up his neck and pulls him down for a hungry beso. 
Christopher pulls her close, wrapping his arms around her.

Roberto is exiting the SUV slowly. Wow, I’m going to be seeing my Baby in a few. I’m so anxious and scared. What if I imagined our amor, our pasión (passion), and that we’re alma gemelas? he thinks.
He clinches his jaw when the sharp pain shoots around his stomach. He slowly walks up the long walkway. He looks at the garden. 
Hmmm, my Baby lives in a huge casa. I hope she’s home, he thinks.
Loco reaches the front door and rings the bell. Oh wow, that’s loud. I think it has to be loud for such a huge casa, he thinks. 
Slowly, he turns to admire the casa. He looks to the side of the casa. He glances inside the window and almost yells out in rage. 
Hell, no, fucking hell, no! This is happening again to me? What the fuck! My Claudia is with another hombre, rages Roberto. 
Loco pounds on the door with frustration and anger. He pulls his stomach and feels it stretch. The pain shoots through to his back. 
Damn this hurts. I need to tell her that this is it, to forget it, thinks Loco. 
Veronica and Christopher pull apart. They look at the door and out the window. 
“I’ll get it, baby,” says Veronica. 
“I’ll go with you,” says Christopher, following her to the front door. “I wonder who he is.”
“Don’t know, Baby,” replies Veronica. “It looks like he’s in a hurry.”
Veronica opens the door and looks right into Loco’s furious glare. 
“I wanted to tell you that I’m gone,” says Loco. “I never expected this from you, Claudia!”
“Excuse me,” says Veronica, confused and amused. “Please wait, I need to tell you...”
Loco starts to walk down the long walkway as quick as he can. “I don’t want to hear any lies! I believed in you,” says Loco. 
He clenches his jaw, trying to control his emotions. He stands straight and proud. I can’t allow her to see my pain, he thinks.
Oh damn! My alma, my stomach, and corazon ache, he thinks. I never imaged that I would be betrayed again. That’s it! I’m never, ever going to believe in amor.

Wow, what’s going on? What’s all that commotion here in my casa, thinks Claudia. 
She runs out of her room and down the hall. She meets her Padres. 
“What’s going on?” asks Claudia.
“We don’t know,” replies Papa Jorge. 
Claudia urgently strides to the front door. She sees Veronica and Christopher walking after Loco. 
Oh dios mio that’s my Roberto! “Roberto, wait!” yells Claudia. She runs out the door after him. “Baby!”
“I don’t want to hear you lie!” yells Loco. He attempts to hurry to the SUV.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” asks Claudia, passing Veronica and Christopher.
“Hermana, he saw Christopher and me kissing. I think that he thought I was you,” says Veronica, walking behind Claudia. 
“Hey, amigo, wait up!” says Christopher, sprinting after Loco. “You have it all wrong.”
Loco hears Claudia and the other voices. Hmm, that’s three voices and not two. One is Claudia, he thinks. He turns around, furious and curious.
“Baby,” yells Claudia, running to Loco. “Please, listen to me.”
Loco stands stupefied. Oh, dios mio! What a fucking fool I am. I forgot about her twin. I saw her in his arms and thought it was my Baby. The rage and frustration that I felt ten years ago, came rushing back. It was worse this time, because Claudia is my woman, ponders Loco. He’s in a daze. 
Loco stares at Veronica, feeling Claudia run into his arms. Damn, she’s identical to my Claudia, but she’s different. He gazes down into Claudia’s beautiful eyes. 
“Baby, te amo!” says Claudia. She gazes into his confused, pained beautiful brown eyes. “That’s my hermana, Veronica.”
Loco closes his eyes tight. Wow, damn it! I made a huge mistake. I almost walked away from my amor, my alma gemela, and my world. 
He opens his eyes and gazes into Claudia’s beautiful face. He pulls her close, burying his face into her neck. Yes, this is my Claudia. I feel her, she’s mia, only mia, he thinks. 
“Amor, your mia, only mia!” he growls into her ear. He ignores the pain at his side. He holds her tight. 
Claudia moves her head and gives him a hungry beso. She wraps her arms around his neck. 
Oh, damn yes. This is my Baby, my amor, thinks Loco. He hungrily returns her beso. He holds her tight. I’ve been dreaming of this moment for a long time.
Chapter Twenty-Five

They stand on the walkway, kissing. Loco pulls her closer. He runs his hands up her back, devouring her mouth. 
Claudia’s familia stare at them, content and surprised. “Claudia, we will wait for you in the casa,” says Mama Lupe, nodding. 
“Mama, he thought I was Claudia,” says Veronica. She grins, looks at Christopher laughing. 
“No baby, we can tell the difference. I know that he did when he looked at you,” says Christopher. “Just the way I can when I look at Claudia.”
“Really, Baby? You see a difference?” asks Veronica. She takes his hand and holds him back. 
“Baby, the store already closed. Let’s stay and meet Claudia’s novio,” says Veronica.  
“Hell, yes, I need to meet the guey that caught your hermana. She didn’t like anyone,” says Christopher, grinning. 

Claudia pulls back, smiles at Loco. “Baby, I’m so happy. Finally you came for me,” says Claudia.
“Amor, I was released from the hospital today. I came directly over here. I was recovering all this time. I had a small gunshot wound to the stomach. I also had two other gunshot wounds to my right thigh and left shoulder. The doctors performed laparoscopic exploration and were able to repair several injuries to my small bowel. The thigh and shoulder injuries were superficial wounds. I’m still not hundred percent well,” says Loco.
“Oh, dios mio, Roberto, I could have lost you. The agencies refused to give me any information about you! I’ve been dying to locate you, to see for myself that you’re ok,” says Claudia. Tears gather in her eyes from strong emotions encircling her heart, with the thought of losing him. 
“Amor, I’m going to be ok. I only need some time to heal,” says Loco. 
He takes her face in his hands. He gazes into her eyes, tenderly kissing the tears. “Amor, I was afraid that our amor was a dream,” whispers Loco. 
“Te amo,” says Claudia. 
Loco pulls her back into his arms, closing his eyes. Oh dios mio, Claudia is mia, only mia, muses Loco. “Amor, I feel you. You’re mia, only mia. Te amo.”
“Roberto, I’m pregnant,” says Claudia. She pulls back to gaze into his beautiful brown eyes. 
“Amor, I know,” croaks Loco. His throat closes up from emotion. He looks into her eyes, into her alma.
“Baby, how do you know?” asks Claudia. She’s confused, searching his face for answers. 
“Baby, when the doctors were attending to me, I died for a few minutes,” says Roberto. 
He observes her reaction. Her eyes widen with anxiety. “I walked towards the tunnel. I wanted to reach the light. When I reached the entrance, I saw my Mama.” 
Loco closes his eyes. I can see it clearly, I can see my Mama telling me, he thinks. He opens his eyes. 
“My Mama told me it’s not my time and that you needed me. She told me that you’re pregnant,” says Loco. 
“Wow, oh dios mio,” says Claudia. “That’s amazing, I’ve heard about the tunnel and the light. That’s incredible.”
“I’ve been anxious to leave the hospital. Every day I’ve dreamed of you. Claudia, we need to get married now. I can’t live without you. I need to have you close to me,” says Loco. 
“Roberto, I want a wedding. I want one after the bebe is born,” replies Claudia. She observes his frustration. “We can live together. I will go to live with you.”
“Wow, you will live with me before we marry? I need you near me,” say Loco. He pulls her urgently back into his arms and gives her hot hungry besos.
Oh yeah, I love his besos, thinks Claudia. She wraps her arms around his neck. She feels his hand go under her shirt. 
Damn yes, I love touching her silky skin, thinks Loco. He moves down her jaw, nibbling to her ear. He then goes down her neck. Oh yeah, mia, only mia. I’m marking my Amor.
“Baby, I need you,” whispers Loco. He trembles from the intense emotions he feels. 
“Roberto, I need you. Let’s hurry, I want to introduce you to my Padres, my hermana, and her novio,” says Claudia.
She gazes into his eyes, burning with pasión (passion). She bites her lower lip. “Yes, it’s been a long time since we’ve been together.” 
Loco grins, hugging her close so she can feel his aching need. Damn yes, I can’t wait to have her in my arms. I need to love her all day, he thinks.
“Roberto, you think it wouldn’t hurt?” asks Claudia. She pulls back to look at Loco. He’s grinning wickedly.
“Amor, this is not going to stop me from loving you,” says Loco. “Take me to meet your familia.”
“Roberto, I was telling them that I was pregnant. They were asking me about the Padre of my bebe. I didn’t want to tell them. I wanted to wait for you to show up,” says Claudia.
“Wow, they know that you’re pregnant. Right, let’s meet them. I want to ask for your mano. I also want tell them that I want you with me,” says Loco. 
“I want to tell them that I’m going to live with you,” says Claudia. “I know it will be okay since my sister Veronica is living with her novio.”
“Oh yeah, she does look identical to you! But Amor, I can see a difference. I don’t feel the same when I look at her,” says Loco. 
“That’s great, because I don’t want any mistakes,” says Claudia. 
Loco grins wickedly. He pulls her back into his arms. “Amor, we need to hurry. I want to spend all day loving you!” says Loco.
“Okay, lets go in,” says Claudia. She wraps her arm around his waist. 
Loco keeps her close to him on his right side. They walk up to the house. 
“Roberto, do you want me to make you something to eat? Are you hungry?” asks Claudia.
“That would be great, I’m starving,” replies Loco, nodding. 
They walk into the casa and towards the kitchen. Papa Jorge and Christopher are having a Corona. 
Veronica sees them enter the kitchen. She rushes over to Claudia and Roberto. “Oh dios mio, I’m so happy that everything is clear. It’s a great pleasure to meet you! I’m Veronica, her twin!” says Veronica. She extends her hand and smiles. 
“Wow, nice to meet you. You really look like my Amor,” says Loco. He takes her hand in greeting. 
Claudia’s Padre and Christopher follow Veronica. They’re standing behind her waiting for the introductions.
“Mi hija, wait for me,” says Mama Lupe. She walks over to the group. “Hola, I’m Guadalupe De La Cruz. You can call me Lupe.”
She takes his hand and pulls him down. She reaches up to give him a beso on his face. “Welcome to the familia, mi hijo,” says Mama Lupe.
Loco is taken by surprise and returns her hug. He glances over at Papa Jorge standing behind his wife. 
He stands straight and walks over to him. “Senior De La Cruz, nice to meet you. I’m Roberto Daniel De Leon,” says Roberto.
“Hola, Roberto, it a pleasure to meet you,” says Papa Jorge, extending his hand. “Would you care for a Corona?
“No, Senior, thank you. I’m taking medication,” says Loco. 
He gazes into Papa Jorge eyes. Hmmm, I see that he’s sincere in accepting me into the familia as Claudia’s esposo. “Señor, Señora, I want to marry Claudia. I want to take her with me. I’m aware that you know about my bebe.”
“That’s wonderful news,” says Mama Lupe, grinning. 
“Roberto, this is fantastic news. We’re thrilled with the news of the bebe. I want this marriage to take place immediately,” says Papa Jorge. He stares at Loco. I need to know if he’s serious about my Claudia, thinks Papa Jorge.
“Papa, Mama, I want to wait until I have my bebe,” says Claudia. “I also plan on living with Roberto now.”
“Mi hija, you’re not following our customs,” says Papa Jorge. He glares at Claudia. “I don’t see why you want to wait.” 
“Papa, Mama, I’m not a child. I’m a grown woman. I have to live with Roberto. He wants to marry now, but I told him that I wanted to wait until we have our bebe,” replies Claudia. 
“Mi hija, Roberto and you can stay here in your room,” says Mama Lupe. “I would love you to have your bebe when you’re living at home.”
“Mama, I don’t think that is what we want to do. I know that Roberto has somewhere to live,” says Claudia. She looks at Loco’s nod. 
“Mi hija, I want you and Roberto to think about it. It will give us joy to have you stay with us until you get your own casa,” says Mama Lupe. 
“I need to discuss it with Roberto,” says Claudia. She walks over to him, slides her arm around his waist. 
“Come in and have a seat,” says Papa Jorge. He returns to the sunroom table. 
“Roberto, please seat down while I make you something to eat,” says Claudia. 
“Hola, I’m Christopher Reyes. I’m Veronica’s novio,” says Christopher, grinning. “Welcome to the familia.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Christopher. Wow, thank you for your warm welcome,” says Loco, taking a seat. He glances at the familia.
“Mi hijo, would you like a drink of water, juice, or a soda?” asks Mama Lupe. 
She looks at him. Oh dios mio, Roberto is huge. He’s todo hombre. I can see why my Claudia finally fell in love. He looks like a fantastic hombre, ponders Mama Lupe. She smiles at him. 
“Señora, I would love to have some lemonade,” replies Loco. 
He looks over at Papa Jorge take a drink of his Corona. I know he still has lots of questions. I’m okay with that. I understand that I’m taking his treasures. I know that the twins are the bebes, ponders Roberto. He waits for him to start asking him questions. 
“Roberto, where did you and Claudia meet,” asks Christopher. He grins with pleasure. Yeah, I can’t wait to hear where and what he does. For sure he’s a huge guey, muses Christopher.
Loco turns to look at Christopher grin. He immediately breaks into a smile. Yeah, he’s amused with my interrogation. Well, he seems like a great guey, muses Loco.
“I resigned from my position as a delta force operative. I met Claudia when I rescued her from the cartel,” replies Loco, solemnly. 
He leans back into his chair to observe Papa Jorge and Christopher’s reaction. “I want to spend my life with Claudia and my bebe. I’m thinking of looking for a job or starting my own company. I haven’t decided.”
“That’s incredible,” says Christopher. He looks at him with admiration. “Wow, that’s incredible hard work to be a delta force. No wonder Claudia paid you any attention. She never wanted to date anyone.”
“Mi hijo, I’m grateful that you were able to rescue Claudia from the cartel. Gracias,” says Papa Jorge. 
He looks at Loco with gratitude. I can see that he’s an honorable hombre. He will marry my niña. I also know that he does love her, thinks Papa Jorge. I don’t have a reason to be concerned. I can see that Claudia is the one that wants to wait for this marriage to take place. 
“Senor, you’re welcome. It was my greatest pleasure to extract Claudia,” replies Loco solemnly. “Claudia is my amor, my alma gemela, and my world.” 
He looks confidently into Papa Jorge’s eyes. I need him to know that I’m serious about my Claudia and bebe.
I can see that he’s confident and is not afraid to state his intent or feelings. I like him. He’s todo hombre. That’s what I always wanted. I wanted my niñas to marry true hombres, ponders Papa Jorge. He takes a drink of his Corona. I need to hear why he resigned his position as a delta force. I need to know how he plans to support my niña and nieto, ponders Papa Jorge.
“Why did you resign?” asks Christopher. He takes a drink of his Corona. 
“I resigned because I want to spend my life with Claudia and my bebe. I was going to apply for the CIA Special Operative, but when I met Claudia, I realized that she’s my world,” says Loco. 
“Mi hijo, here’s your drink,” says Mama Lupe. She places the lemonade in front of Loco. She takes a seat next to Papa Jorge. She smiles at him with pleasure. 
“Gracias, Senora,” says Loco. He takes a drink of the lemonade. 
“Claudia is making you some carne asada,” replies Mama Lupe. “She was telling me that you were released from the hospital today.”
“Si, Señora, I was hurt on the mission to extract Claudia. I’ve been in the hospital all this time recovering. That’s the reason that it took me so long to come for my mujer,” says Loco. He looks at them. He then looks in the direction of the kitchen. 
Oh yeah, my Claudia knows how to cook. I’m in heaven. My beautiful mujer is perfect, he thinks. He grins with pleasure. 
“You must have been hurt,” says Christopher. He looks at him with respect. 
“Yeah, I was hurt. They had to do some laparoscopic exploration to my stomach. They made some repairs to my small bowel,” says Loco. He takes another drink of lemonade. 
He smiles watching Claudia bring him a plate. Veronica is following Claudia with the tortillas. 
“Baby, here’s some delicious carne asada that I made for you,” says Claudia. She places the plate in front of him. “Do you need anything else?”
“No, Amor, that looks awesome!” replies Loco. He gives her a quick beso on her cheek. 
“Okay, I want you to eat. I know that you’re hungry,” says Claudia.
Loco takes a bite of the carne asada. He closes his eyes with enjoyment. 
“Roberto, I want to know about your Padres? Do you have hermanos?” asks Papa Jorge.
Wow, this brings back so many memories, he thinks. Damn, this going to be painful. I know it.
Loco opens his eyes and looks right into Papa Jorge eyes. I need to get this over with.
He squares his shoulders and holds his head high. “Senor, my Padres and only hermano passed away ten years ago in an accident. I don’t have any other familia. I was just starting in the Navy. I worked hard and then went into the Delta Force. I sold my Padres’ casa and business. Senor, I do have the money to take care of Claudia and my bebe. I don’t have to work, but I will. Claudia doesn’t have to work. I would love her to stay home to take care of my bebe,” says Loco. 
Claudia eyes widen with surprise. Wow, my Baby is wealthy, she thinks. “Baby, I’m so sorry,” says Claudia. She leans in to give him a beso on his check. 
“Gracias, Amor,” replies Loco. He pulls her closer to his side. “I do want to buy my Claudia her casa.”
“Roberto, I’m sorry to hear this,” says Papa Jorge, nodding. Si, he’s a good hombre. I will look into his Padres’ death later, he thinks.
“No worries, Senor. I still have to look into the cause of their accident. It was too painful for me to look into it then. It was a strange accident. I only had a few days leave to bury them,” says Loco. “I invested some of the money. It has been lucrative.”
“I’m glad that you’re a sensible young man. I welcome you into our familia, Roberto,” says Papa Jorge, solemnly.
“Gracias,” replies Loco. 
“Baby, I want you to take me to your apartment. I want to see it,” says Claudia. 
Loco finishes off his plate of food. “Si, Amor, that’s what we need to do. I want you to decide where you want to live,” says Loco. He gazes into her eyes smiling. 
“Okay familia, we’re leaving. I need to talk to my Baby. I need to check out his apartment. It’s getting late,” says Claudia. She looks at her Padres to see if they object. 
“Si, mi hija, that’s sounds like a great plan,” replies Papa Jorge. He takes a drink of his Corona. He narrows his eyes. There’s nothing to lose and everything to gain. He will get used to caring for my niña, he thinks. 
“Si, mi hija, we understand,” agrees Mama Lupe. “I’ll see you later?”
“I don’t know, mama, it depends if it doesn’t get late,” replies Claudia, shamelessly.
“Adios, Vero, Christopher,” say Claudia. 
“Adios, Señors, I’ll take care of Claudia. Adios, Vero, Christopher,” says Loco, nodding.

Roberto and Claudia are in his bedroom, wrapped around each other like a pretzel. He looks into her hermoso hazel eyes, grinning. 
“Amor, that was awesome,” says Roberto. He nibbles her shoulder. Oh yeah! My mujer taste delicious! I’m marking her. Claudia is mia, only mia. I was so afraid of this being a dream, he thinks.
“Baby, are we going to live here in your apartment?” asks Claudia. She runs her hand up his back, slowly caressing every inch. 
He shudders from the pasión (passion) that ignites with her touch. He falls back onto his back, holding her tight against him. 
He slowly kisses her, sliding her down to impale his hot aching cock. “Si, Amor! You feel hot, I love your pussy,” moans Loco. 
“Baby, you feel so delicious inside me,” whispers Claudia. She gazes into his brown eyes full of passion. 
Loco takes her breasts, one in each hand. His fingers caress her sweet raspberry nipples. He then takes one into his mouth, sucking it softly. “Amor, you have the most beautiful breasts,” says Loco. 
Desperately, he takes the other nipple into his mouth, devouring each one. Si, I feel Claudia’s tight hot pussy clutch my cock. Excruciating! Breathtaking! thinks Loco. 
Claudia slides up and down slowly, enjoying every inch of his hot amazing cock. She moans with pleasure, biting her lower lip. 
Loco looks into her eyes going wild with pasión (passion). She’s so hot, sexy and only mia, he thinks. 
Claudia leans down and kisses him with her entire alma, amor, and pasión (passion). 
“Te amo,” whispers Claudia. She gazes into his eyes, biting her lower lip. 
“Amor, I feel you, your mia, only mia. My alma gemela, my world,” whispers Loco. 
He takes her hands in his and swiftly turns her over onto her back. He takes her swiftly and deeply. He gazes into her eyes, searing their almas and becoming one. 
About The Author
Hello, 
I love writing and I hope that my stories transport you into another world. I exercise the right to write of a unique and creative world, to exercise the right to use my Artistic License, and to write how I see or feel my story. I write in the present tense because I believe it puts the reader "IN" the action, rather than as part of an “after thought”. I believe it brings my characters to life!
I love writing about drama, suspense, and intrigue. I throw in a dash of love and passion. I’m intrigued with the different types and depths of love.
Love is powerful and motivates an individual in diverse dimensions. I’m fascinated with the physiological, spiritual, and psychological process that love creates. The range and the many facets of love that an individual is capable of feeling is what I strive to illustrate in my stories. 
I love to write about military men. In my stories, you will meet awesome men that are part of the Delta Force, Navy SEALS, FBI, CIA, and special operatives. My champions are amazing strong men. They’re intelligent, sexy, and passionate men that love with their entire being.
The lovely ladies in my stories capture the hearts of these awesome men. They’re smart, sexy, and full of love. My ladies blossom, mature, and complete my heroes.
I wrote my first series, the De La Cruz Saga, in one year. The saga has a subtle influence of Spanish and the Spanish becomes more laced as the story progresses. The hot-blooded De La Cruz Saga familia battles the deadly Mexican cartel to protect their fortune, amor (love) and familia (family). They encounter romance, tantalizing ecstasy, and danger. Dare to read the awesome De La Cruz Saga that’s full of passion and suspense. 
Razer 8 takes you into the world of organized crime, kidnapping, politics, military romance and suspense thriller. Razer 8 Delta Force operatives are full of passion. Enjoy these amazing passionate men, a thrilling ride of suspense, and a dash of love.
Tequila 10 is a new series that’s full of paranormal entities. Werewolves, vhampiers, dragons, and a sorcerer are the supernatural realm enforcers. The special operatives work with the government, using their special abilities but also have their own agenda. Special operative monitor the supernatural community, even as they are swept into a whirlwind of love, truths, and untold passions. The supernatural realms are threatened and endangered. Time is running out! The enforcers are desperate to stop the menace.
I was born in San Jose, California. I currently live in Sacramento, California with my family. I have three children. I also enjoy spending quality time with family and friends. I love to read romance and paranormal. 
I graduated from the University of Phoenix with a dual Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management Administration. 
Patricia ♥
P.T. Macias Books
Hot & Spicy, De La Cruz Saga by P.T. Macias
The hot-blooded saga of the De La Cruz Familia (family) and their fortune is centered on the romantic relationships of explosively passionate kind. 
Hot & Spicy, the bachelor battles the deadly Mexican cartel to protect his amor and family encountering romance, tantalizing ecstasy, and danger.  
Jose Enrique De La Cruz, CEO of the De La Cruz, Inc. needs a fiancée in time for the company’s 25th anniversary celebration. Jose Enrique is the eldest of the primos (cousins). He’s expected to introduce his fiancée to the familia at the company’s 25th anniversary celebration. The familia is clueless that he doesn’t have one. The familia is anxious to meet his fiancée, but he doesn’t have one. He doesn’t have time to commit to a chica (girl), not until he meets Jessica Maria Cortez. 
His hermana (sister) Patricia agrees to obtain a novia (girlfriend) for him. Paty entices her amiga (friend) to pretend to be his loving fiancée.
Jessica Maria Cortez has always loved him and grasps this opportunity. 
Jessica Maria Cortez agrees to be his fiancée for two reasons: one, she has always loved him and prays she can make him love her and two, this is a great opportunity to achieve her dream of working as an interior decorator design manager. 
Jessica rocks his world and unchains his alma (soul). The hot pasion rages through his blood erupting into hot spicy amor.
In no time at all, Jose Enrique and Jessica find themselves building up into a relationship with tantalizing ecstasy. With everything falling into place for the De La Cruzes, it looks like the entire family is about to plunge into an ocean of nightmare and chaos before they can say “Cheers!” for the De La Cruz, Inc. 
The pasion, danger, and hot tantalizing ecstasy rocks Jose Enrique’s world. He’s thrust into war, danger, and suspense. The De La Cruz’s defy the deadly Mexican cartel dictates
Hot & Forbidden, De La Cruz Saga
Hot & Forbidden is heartbreaking, tantalizing and exciting. Nicolas De La Cruz and Daniella De La Cruz fall in love. Their love rocks their world flinging them into pain, despair, and ecstasy.   
Nicolas is hot, sensitive, and captivating. Nick’s amor (love) for Daniella is intense and passionate. Daniella De La Cruz is hot, sexy and sweet. Nick and Daniella recognize that they are alma gemelas (soul mates). 
Nicolas De La Cruz leaves the familia (family) to work in Washington. The close knit familia has no clue to the cause of the emotional rollercoaster that rocks Nicolas’ world. The familia is mystified and disturbed with his departure.
Daniella De La Cruz is expecting a bebe. She refuses to tell the familia who is the padre (father) of her bebe (baby). Daniella dreams of the day she’s reunited with her bebe’s father, her alma gemela. 
Their love rocks their world. The forbidden is enticing and painful. Can they overcome the obstacles that threaten their amor? The familia’s secret is the key to unlock their amor and set it free. 
Hot & Enchanting, De La Cruz Saga
Ricardo Emmanuel De La Cruz is the sexy hot playboy attorney in the familia (family). He loves the chicas (girls) that chase him and has no desire to commit to one. 
Ricky literally runs into Jacqueline Cortez. She’s a bella, shy, and quiet certified public accountant that works for the familia. Jacki turns his world upside down.
Jacqueline Cortez has been in love with Ricardo her entire life. She never dreamed that running into him would unleash the amor (love) that she locked up a long time ago. Will she be able to outrun Ricardo and avoid being his next conquest? How long can Jacki resist Ricky’s attention? Is she doomed to fall under his enchantment and into his waiting arms? 
Hot & Wild, De La Cruz Saga
Hot & Wild, the familia’s Navy SEAL Christian Arturo De La Cruz lives for excitement. He loves it when the risk is great, dangerous, and complex. He enjoys the thrill of conquering the enemy when on a mission and the chicas when he’s on leave. Christian is a carefree bachelor relishing his life.
Monique Acosta is a young innocent bella chica. She captures the SEAL’s alma (soul) with her freshness and charm. She instantaneously turns Christian’s world upside down. She’s ignorant that her dream amor is a SEAL. Will Monique understand and accept his career. 
Christians desperately searches the perfect moment to reveal that he’s a seal without losing her love. Suddenly an evil force enters his life and threatens his amor and familia? The Seal is hurled into dangerous warfare. He engages against the biggest menacing criminal ever. He fights against time and evil to save his amor (love) and familia.
Hot & Spoiled, De La Cruz Saga
Sebastian Antonio De La Cruz is the familia's architect. He’s the classic traditional macho Mexicano. He enjoys being single until the primos (his cousins) start falling in love. He starts to think about the chica (girl) of his dreams. 
Cynthia Lopez walks into his life demanding, independent, and unconventional. She rocks his world. Tony fights to resist Cynthia and deals with her father’s objections. Tony believes Senor Lopez is the source of his familia’s (family's) heartaches and troubles.  
"She’s hot, sexy, and makes me burn like no one ever has. I just can’t be with her. She’s a spoiled demanding chica and I will not be her toy!" Sebastián Antonio De La Cruz.
Hot & Adorable, De La Cruz Saga!
Alejandro Andres De La Cruz is the doctor in the familia (family). He’s always there to help everyone in need. Alex loves to ride Luna a palomino on the familia’s hacienda. He's hot, sexy and very warm caring hombre (man). 
Carolina Crystal Reyes is a beautiful, sweet, young Medical Physician. She lives in the shadows and steals his heart.
Alex lives a double life. Can anyone help him in his time of need before losing his amor? 
Hot & Dangerous, De La Cruz Saga!
Claudia De La Cruz is a sexy, Intelligent, dedicated, and beautiful FBI agent! She worked hard to achieve her dream. She's too busy to fall in love. She never had an amor! She's waiting for her alma gemela (soul mate)! 
Roberto De León sprints into her life! Time and danger brings them together and tears them apart! 
Hot & Sassy, De La Cruz Saga
Veronica De La Cruz is the bebe (baby) of the familia (family). She’s an Intelligent, beautiful, elegant, and sexy mujer (woman). She’s been in love with her novio (fiancé) Christopher Rosas for years. They’ve waited anxiously for their wedding day. One of her dreams is to become his wife.
Veronica’s other dream is to be an Eve’s Pleasure model. This is the only dream that she’s not shared with Christopher. Veronica has kept this from him. She knows in her heart that he’s totally old school and has macho convictions. She knows that he’ll never accept his wife to model.
Christopher Rosas is an FBI agent and Veronica’s twin sister’s partner. He’s totally devoted to Veronica. Christopher is forced to ask Veronica to help the FBI to locate her twin.
Will their amor be strong enough to survive her silence? Can Veronica save her amor and twin before time runs out?
Hot New Series Razer 8 by P.T. Macias
The delta force operatives, Razer 8, made a promise to be united and linked for infinity. They have the infinity symbol tattoo.

“Good morning, Officers,” says Commander Knight. He stands straight in front of the room. “I want to welcome you to the new Delta Force team. The name Razer was selected because you will be able to raze any entity, country, or structure in the world.”
Commander Knight observes each team operative. He needs to register their commitment, excitement and aspiration. 
“The agency believes each one of you will be the best operative in the world, in your field of expertise. Every single officer on this team was selected because of his outstanding skills, education, and physical condition. Each operative has a special talent or ability that will be honed to excellence. Each of you will undergo an extensive training that will take you high into the realms of the infinite power. Your training starts now!” 
The eight operatives stand straight, proud, and anxious to start the next phase in their military career. Each one has a reason, a dream, and need to be a Delta Force operative. 
Months later, the eight operatives are celebrating their accomplishments. Their training is over. Each one has excelled in every facet of their training. Their bond is strong, absolute, and invincible.
Infinity is the name taken by Razer 8, the Special Delta Force operatives. The infinite power Razer 8 team operatives are an offensive team working against the drug cartel, drug dealers, and all types of terrorist groups. The U.S. Delta Force Special Operatives Unit, organized for the conduct of missions, requires that the Delta Force team be highly adaptable and completely self-sufficient. These men know that they can rely on one another when they have no one else. This is their new family! 
Ghost, Razer 8 by P.T. Macias
Ghost is an old-fashioned Southern boy fighting hard to forget his pain. He’s forced to protect his Mama and sister from their abusive Pa. Ghost is strong, silent, and soft spoken. He works hard against all obstacles and hurt. 
Ghost grows up to become a Delta Force. He meets and falls for a hot Latina who sets him on fire! She captures his soul and brightens his world. He would do anything to protect her. 
Duty calls and he’s forced to leave her unprotected. The unspeakable happens! Ghost calls on Infinity. Infinity aids to extract his woman from the clutches of a soulless prostitution mob. Time is running out!
Bulldog, Razer 8
Bulldog is the youngest of the Razer 8 Delta Force Operatives. He enjoys life. He’s called upon to help out one of his team operative. Infinity is there. 
He runs into Katherine Morgan, a sweet young victim. In the process of extraction he gets caught by the prostitution gang. They mistake him with being her boyfriend. 
Bulldog grabs onto that line and poses as her boyfriend. In the process of rescuing Katherine from the mob he becomes entangled in her web. Will Bulldog’s skills and training save him from falling under her spell? Will he be able to outrun the mob and his soul?
Redfox, Razer 8
Redfox, Razer 8 operative mission is to infiltrate the Police Commissioner’s office and home. He has 72 hours to gather the intel on the Commissioner’s dirty business. 
Redfox charms his way into the Commissioner’s home, throwing him into the arms of his soul mate. The unexpected love rocks his world and the success of mission. 
The Commissioner’s daughter, Marsha Diane Bryant is a lovely sweet young girl. She falls under Redfox spell and unconditionally bestows her soul.
Redfox fears losing his soul mate in the process of completing his mission. Can their love survive the storm? 
Phantom, Razer 8 By P.T. Macias
Phantom, Angelo De Amato a Razer 8 operative, is oblivious of his true nature or his destiny. He lives life staying in the dark, silently observing the world turn. He feels that he’s never truly fit or felt at home anywhere. He feels his life is a phantom of what life should be. 
The notorious half century old prophesy hasn’t been fulfilled. Storm, Sophia Davis, is working on Tequila 10 Special Operative team for the government. The team has special abilities. Storm is waiting for her Chosen to show up to bond her soul and heart. 
Storm and Phantom are on a mission to gather intel. They’re destined to cross paths and are immediately thrown into a tornado of love, truths, and passions. Are 
Panther, Razer 8
Panther is the lead operative on the Razer 8 team. His harsh childhood shaped him into a tough, reserved, and solitary man. He mastered controlling his emotions, physical endurance, and fate.
Tabitha Sparks is a sweet beautiful young author, full of life and dreams. She writes a #1 bestseller: a thriller, with suspense, and organized crime.
The book triggers the Russian mafia's rage. They contact an assassin. Tabitha is oblivious to the threat to her life and continues her work. Panther's mission is to save her life, while endangering his controlled balance. Will he fall under her spell and open his soul? 
“I want to know everything. I want to be able to control what’s going down. I won’t allow anyone or anything to control my life. I need to learn my environment, position, and fate. That’s the only way to survive and to be first.” Panther, Razer 8
Thunder, Razer 8
William Davis, Thunder, is a Razer 8 Delta Force operative. He enjoys a dangerous carefree lifestyle along with his identical twin. He’s oblivious to the fact that his mate is close real close. 
Cassandra Johnson, Dawn, is a special operative on Tequila 10. Dawn is cute, happy, and full of dreams. She dreams of her mate and wedding day. Dawn is extremely close to Thunder and his siblings. 
Thunder’s new mission hauls him into the arms of his mate. Their natural mating is inevitable. The mission keeps them apart.
Lightning, Razer 8 
Lightning is an amazing Delta Force operative on a mission. He runs into his mate, launching him into their basic blazing mating instincts. 
Lovely sweet young doctor Angelique is forced to be deceitful to save her beloved father’s life. She takes this opportunity to enjoy a much needed vacation. Her plans don’t include falling in love.
Razer 8 duty calls him away from his love. Will their love survive the obstacles in front of him?
Darlin Storm, Tequila 10 
Storm, Sophia Davis is working on Tequila 10 special ops team for the government. The team has special abilities. 
The notorious, half-century-old prophesy hasn’t been fulfilled. Storm is waiting for the Chosen to show up to bond her soul and heart. 
Phantom is unaware of his true nature or his destiny. He lives life staying in the dark, silently observing the world turn. He feels that he’s never truly fit in or felt at home anywhere. He feels his life is a phantom of what life should be. 
Storm and Phantom are on a mission to gather intel. They’re destined to cross paths and are immediately thrown into a tornado of love, truths, and passions. Are they destined to merge as one?
Blazing Dawn, Tequila 10
Cassandra Johnson, Dawn, meets the brothers of her roommate, Storm, and immediately realizes that one of them is her mate. But he doesn't recognize her! She is in horrible pain, suffering for what feels like an eternity before he realizes who she is. 
William Davis, Thunder, has considered Cassandra as another sister. Then the Tequila 10 and Razer 8 teams are thrown together to prevent the deaths of an author, as well as all the people who are attending the Writer's Conference where she is presenting. When the two teams get together for the first time, he greets her as a little sister, only to discover that things have changed in a BIG way! 
Can their love survive what the mission has in store for them?
Wild Rebel, Tequila
Rebel, the youngest Vhampier prince, loves his independence, his life, and his women. His Father, the Emperor Vlastimir, has commanded Rebel to stop his wild rebel ways and select a mate, to procreate. 
Rebel continues to enjoy his chosen lifestyle until he meets the beautiful, sexy, passionate werewolf, Amber Johnson. Rebel and Amber merge as one, against all odds. Their passion explodes. Their souls bond. Secrets are exposed. 
Tasty Sexy Mexy Recipes by P.T. Macias 
My favorite Mexican recipes are included in this cookbook. These basic recipes are simple to make. 
My special Chile Colorado sauce is very good. It's my Mama’s recipe. Believe me, everyone loves it. People don't know how important that little recipe is. It makes the dish. For most of them, oops don't tell them, lmao!
My special red Chile sauce creates delicious Enchiladas, Chile Colorado, Pozole and more! 
Enjoy!
Patricia ♥
Tasty Sexy Mexy Recipes by P.T. Macias 
My favorite Mexican recipes are included in this cookbook. These basic recipes are simple to make. 
My special Chile Colorado sauce is very good, it's my Mama recipe. Believe me everyone loves it. People don't know how important that little recipe is. It makes the dish. For most of them, oops don't tell them, lmao!
My special red Chile sauce creates delicious Enchiladas, Chile Colorado, Pozole and more! 
Enjoy!
Patricia ♥
P.T. Macias, Author Links
https://www.facebook.com/pages/PT-Macias/319871778087970
https://www.facebook.com/ptmacias.DeLaCruzSaga
https://www.facebook.com/PTMaciasrzr8?ref=tn_tnmn
https://twitter.com/pt_macias
http://razer8byptmacias.blogspot.com/
http://delacruzsagabyptmacias.com/
www.ptmacias.com
www.ptmacias.blogspot.com
www.delacruzsaga.com
http://youtu.be/n5p8k_pZ36A
http://pinterest.com/ptmacias/
