Look At Your Future
By Lucy J. Whittaker

Text copyright ©2013 Lucy J. Whittaker
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase another copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book an did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced in whole or in part without permission.  This is a work of fiction.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven


Chapter One

Lucy sat and watched as her friend Angie danced with yet another hot guy.  She had a few men who had come up and asked her, but she wasn’t in the mood to pull hands off her ass all night.  She had hoped this rare night out would be fun, but it was turning into yet another lame evening.  She took a sip of her white wine; she had realized that after Angie’s third beer that she would be the designated driver.  Angie had bought a brand new dark blue Camero a few weeks ago and there was no way Lily would let her wrap that sweet ride around a tree, let alone get inside with Angie behind the wheel.  
Lily felt a strange tingle on her arm just before a warm hand touched her shoulder.  She looked up into a pair of warm gray eyes and felt a little lost for a second.  He spoke to her and she blushed when she had to ask him to repeat what he had said.  He smiled to reveal perfect white teeth.  He was very handsome, perhaps a bit too old for her, but no… wait.  She noticed the ring on his finger and felt a sense of loss.  How odd.
“Do you know Angie?”  He asked pleasantly.
“Yes, I do.”  Lily blinked up at him; he was very tall and fit so unlike the other men that were in the club tonight, he seemed very cultured and refined.
“I had asked her to run an errand for me, but she’s had a bit too much to drink tonight.  Do you think you could take her for me?”
“Oh, or course, I really was ready to leave anyway.”
“Not enjoying yourself,” he said as he smiled down at her.
“You can tell?” Lily laughed.
“So you don’t like to dance?”
“Oh yes I do, just not tonight.”
He looked down at her with a confident expression.  “Could I ask you to do something for me?”
Lily raised a brow at him, they were complete strangers and he wanted something specific from her. “I guess that would depend on what it is.”
He smiled again and touched her elbow as she rose from her chair.  “It’s just a message, but you can only give it to one man, and only when you are alone.  I can pay you for your time if you’d like.”
“No, that’s fine, it sounds easy enough.  Do you have the message with you?”
“You don’t need to write it down.  Just tell him ‘look at your future’.”
“Look at your future?”  She smiled as he nodded to her.  That was easy to remember.  “That’s it?”  He nodded.  Strange, must be some kind of code.
Angie walked up and said hello to Nathan.  “Are you ready to go Lily?”  She’d been surprised when Nathan had approached her about Lily.  She took the envelope that he handed to her, and turned to follow Lily out after Nathan said goodbye to them.
Nathan had her bring her friends here for his son to see if he might be interested in any of them.  So far, he hadn’t been.  She was paid a finder’s fee, just the same, but Lily didn’t fit the profile that Nathan had asked for.  She truly liked Lily and had just wanted to hang out with her for the night.  She felt a little bad.  Her friends had all told her that Nathan’s son was a jerk.  That was all they ever said about him.
Angie smiled to herself as Lily took the keys from the valet.  Nathan’s son was in for a surprise when he met Lily.  Instead of a willowy brunette, Lily was a beautiful, curvy red head.  She could be quite feisty at times, that’s why she liked her so much, and she was so different from her other friends.  Once they were both inside the car and Lily turned the key to bring the throaty engine to life.  Angie turned towards her in her seat.  “So Lily, spill, what did Nathan talk to you about?”
Lily glanced at her as she pulled carefully into traffic.  “He asked me to take you on your errand, which by the way you’ll have to give me directions to.”  She sighed before she added.  “He also asked me to give someone a message.”
“Oh, what’s the message?”
“I can’t say.”
“Oh come on Lily, we’re friends, you can tell me.”  Angie coaxed.
Lily chuckled as she glanced at her and shook her head no.  “Nope, it’s a secret, only he can hear it.  Besides, I don’t think I should get too involved with this, that’s why I didn’t ask you what he gave you.  I don’t think I need to know any more than I already do.”
Angie turned to look out her window as she saw the lights of the city go by.  She smiled again; Lily wouldn’t tell her what Nathan had said.  All her other friends had blabbed as soon as they got into the car, and they had also accepted the money he given them.  This could get interesting.  She gave Lily turn by turn directions till they drove into a very prominent subdivision.  She had her pull up to a wrought iron gate with a guard standing outside a small shack.  When Lily rolled her window down the uniformed guard approached their vehicle, he glanced inside at the two of them.  
He smiled when he recognized Angie.  “Hey Angie, how are you doing tonight?”
“I’m great Tim, how are you?”
“I’m good; I just got a call that you were expected.”  He looked at Lily a little curiously, but he didn’t ask who she was.  He went back to the shack and hit a button and the gates opened smoothly, and then he motioned for them to go through.
Lily drove up the long drive to a huge house that sat back on a beautifully manicured lawn.  Bright landscaping lights shimmered across the grounds and the outside of the house.
“Wow, this place is really beautiful.” Lily whispered.
Angie didn’t say anything.  After Lily parked they both got out of the car and walked up the huge steps that led to an intimidating entryway.  Angie glanced back at Lily as she hesitated on taking the first step.  “It’s okay Lily, this won’t take long.” Angie had never met Nathan’s son before.  She didn’t even know his first name.  She watched Lily as they waited silently by the door.
The butler came to the door and motioned for them to come inside, he talked to them for a minute, and then he asked Lily to follow him.  Lily glanced at Angie and she just nodded at her and told her she’d see her in a few minutes.  Lily followed the man a little reluctantly.  Another man approached them and stopped.
“John, who do you have here?” He asked.
“Jeremy, Miss Angie brought her here tonight, this is Miss Lily.  She has a message for Mr. Thompson.”
“Hello Miss Lily, my name is Jeremy, I am Mr. Thompson’s assistant, you can give me the message, and I’ll see that he gets it.”
Lily shook her head no.  “I’m sorry; Nathan said I could only tell him, no one else.”
“Really and you agreed to this?”  He asked with one brow raised.
“He was very persuasive,” she gave him a self-depreciating smile.
“Yes he can, are you being compensated for your time?”  Jeremy asked.
“No, Angie had an errand to run for Nathan and she couldn’t drive, I only agreed because I had to bring her anyway.”
“All right then, if you’ll follow me please.”
Lily glanced at the butler and he gave her a reassuring smile as he walked away.  Then she followed Jeremy down a long hall way.  The only noise was from her heels clicking on the marble flooring.  Lily looked around as she followed him, the house was just so beautiful, and it was very hard to ignore the architectural details of the rooms they passed.  
Jeremy stopped at a set of double doors and he opened one and gestured for her to go in ahead of him.  It was a large study.  She saw a huge mahogany desk strategically placed in front of a wall of windows.  There were monitors lining one wall showing many different news channels.  
Lily stood in the middle of the room for a second and then she noticed the man sitting behind the desk.  His dark head was bent over some paperwork and she watched his large hand writing.  She couldn’t tell what he was working on, but from this distance she could tell they were very capable hands.  She watched him as if in a trance.
She shook her head, what the hell was wrong with her?  She needed to give him his message and get out of here.  She felt him, he hadn’t acknowledged her presence yet, but somehow she was very aware of him.  She felt heat flood her body and fought the effort to press her thighs together to ease the sudden ache there.  Her sleeveless dress suddenly felt very heavy against her skin.  She could feel her breath quickening and she started to fidget.
She needed to leave.  She had a bottle of wine waiting for her at home along with her vibrator.  Well if she could find the dam thing.  How long had it been since she’d had an orgasm?  What the hell?  What made her think of that?
Lily glanced at her watch.  It had already been ten minutes.  She looked at Jeremy as he stood patiently nearby, he must be used to this.  “Excuse me Jeremy?”  Lily asked, when he nodded to her she spoke again, but her voice was so husky.  She had to clear it a few times then she shifted uncomfortably and tried to speak again.  “Could you step out for just a second so I can tell Mr. Thompson his message?  I would really like to go home.”
“Certainly Miss Lily, if you need anything please let me know.”  He glanced toward the desk and after an almost imperceptible nod he left.
Lily turned uncertainly towards the man she was now alone with.  He was quite rude, making her wait all this time.  She walked another step or two towards him to get his attention.  “Excuse me, Mr. Thompson?”  She spoke softly, as if she had just become aware of a rule for silence.  His answer was one hand raised with a single finger extended, wordlessly telling her to wait.
Seriously, Lily thought, she didn’t have all night.  She should have never agreed to go out with Angie tonight.  This was her first night off in months and all she could think of was going home.  Well he had five more minutes, if he didn’t let her give him his message by then, so be it.  The longer she stood there, the more irritated she became.  Hell they hadn’t even offered her a seat.
She released a long suffering sigh. “Mr. Thompson?  You know what, never mind.  I have better things to do with my time.”  She muttered the last to herself as she took a step towards the door.
She let out a startled gasp when she felt a hand grip her bare shoulder stopping her progress.  She turned slightly and looked up into dark gray eyes.  An impossibly tall, handsome man stood beside her and every thought she had flew out of her head.
“I was in the middle of something.  You have a message for me?”  Max could feel the smooth skin of her shoulder.  She really was something.  She had a nice tight body, but she jiggled in all the right places when she moved.  Her strawberry blonde hair hung down in soft curls past her shoulders and she had pretty blue eyes, but his gaze lingered on her full pouty lips.  This was the first time his father had ever sent him a red head, all the others had been brunettes.
She still hadn’t said anything yet, she just looked at him, like she was in a trance.  He listened to her thoughts for a few seconds.  He had been amused listening to her when she had first come in.  It hadn’t taken long for her to become aroused; he had to admit he’d never smelled anything so...exhilarating.  Usually he had to touch them first.  She was definitely different.  He watched her as she visibly collected herself.  He smiled at her, remembering what she had said about her vibrator.  She wouldn’t need it tonight.  He could give her all the orgasms she wanted.  He couldn’t remember the last time he had wanted a woman so badly.
“I’m sorry.”  Lily stepped back from his touch, and felt bereft.  She felt her brows crease in a frown.  She was supposed to tell him something right?  She almost felt naked in front of him with the way his gaze moved over her.  She liked the sound of his voice; she had felt it run through her body like a wave when he had first spoken to her, the timber of his voice reverberating inside her like an echo.  But, wait…how had he moved so fast?  She looked back towards the desk, she had only moved a step or two and he had covered half the room in those few seconds.
“I have a message for you.”  Lily said, licking her suddenly dry lips as she backed away from him.  Only he followed her, almost like he was stalking her, like she was his prey.  She suddenly felt the wall at her back and looked up at him.  He was so big, he blocked out the entire room, and he was so…close to her.  She looked at his lips and wondered what it would be like to be kissed by him.  She saw his lips tip up a little after she thought that, and her eyes flew up to meet his, could he tell what she had been thinking just now?  She tried desperately to keep a rational thought in her head, but all she could think of was how loud her heart was thundering beneath her breast.  
“Uh, I…” she frowned again.  What was it?  Oh, yes.  “Look at your future.”
“What?”  Max grabbed her arms and held her against the wall as he looked at her intensely.  “Say it again.”
“Look at your future.”  Lily said breathlessly.
Max’s thoughts raced, this wasn’t the message he had been expecting.  By now they were gushing and begging him to fuck them, and then they would get pissed when he sent them on their way.  But not her, she was different.
“Can I kiss you Lily?”  He asked, forging into her thoughts again to hear what she was thinking.  He saw her thoughts, visions really, of them hot and sweaty, as he pounded mindlessly into her sweet body.  He had never seen someone’s visions before.
“Why?”  She squeaked at him, panting softly.
“I want to taste you.”  His voice got more forceful.  “Let me taste you Lily.”
Lily had never wanted anything so badly in her life, slowly she nodded her head yes, unable to say no to him.
Max leaned towards her, watching as she slowly closed her eyes.  He touched his lips to hers lightly and saw their future together.  His father had finally found her.  He saw a vision of them in a meadow.  She was smiling up at him with green grass all around her and little blue flowers were everywhere.  She was telling him how much she loved him.
He gently opened his lips and tickled hers with the tip of his tongue, waiting anxiously for her to open for him.  She relaxed on a sigh and he was finally inside her.  He forged on and kissed her like his life depended on it.  He heard her moan softly and then he grabbed her ass as he picked her up and held her against the wall.  He reached one hand down under her dress and felt the smooth skin of her thigh between her stockings and her lace panties.  He moved a few fingers under the lace edge and curled them around her smooth ass cheek and then pushed his erection against her belly.
Lily had never felt like this before, she felt like a completely different person.  She had never been a very sexual creature, the few men she had been with all said she was cold and unfeeling.  She felt so hot right now, almost feverish, what was wrong with her? She pulled her lips from his to break the kiss, and moved her head to the side, gasping for breath.  She felt his hot mouth slide along her neck and down her throat.  “Please,” she begged, “you have to stop.”  She was trembling, trying desperately to get control of her body.
Fear, she felt fear.  Max leaned back and listened to her thoughts as she fought for control.  He looked into her wide eyes.  She wasn’t afraid of him, she was afraid of herself.  He ran one hand down the side of her face, trailing the backs of his fingers along the smooth skin of her cheek.  “When can I see you again Lily?  Don’t say no to me, I am a very determined man.”
“I can see that about you, I don’t even know your name.”  She took a deep shuddering breath.  “Do you think you could take your hand off my ass?”
He smiled suddenly, watching her eyes widen again as he let her slide down against him, she was just so unexpected.  “My name is Max.” He removed his hand gently caressing her skin as he let his fingertips play with the tops of her stockings.
She shivered as she looked up at him, feeling her belly clench wildly.  She leaned her head back and it thudded softly against the wall as she closed her eyes.  She had never been so turned on before.  
He moved his fingers along her cheek again, willing her to open her eyes.  Slowly she opened them and her eyes widened again as she looked into his.  His eyes seemed to be glowing, almost like a shiny metal.  Must be the light in here, she mused.
Max smiled to himself, keep telling yourself that if it makes you feel better honey.  She was his soul mate; her instant attraction to him should have been his first clue.  He could tell it would take some time to convince her.  He really should have known by how quickly they had been aroused by each other, for her it was just by being in the same room with him.  For him it was her scent, it called to him.  He had gotten weary of the women his father had been sending to him.  It had been so long he had gotten tired of waiting for her, but now, here she was, in his arms, and she was beautiful.  He gathered from her thoughts that she hadn’t had a very good sex life.  Thank God, if she would have been in love with someone things could have gotten ugly.  
If the stories his father had told him were true, he would become potent within a few years.  He had to make her his in all ways by then in order to produce his heir.
“So you haven’t answered me yet,” he said.
“What?”  Lily frowned as she looked up at him.
“When can I see you again?”
“Oh, I…”  Why did he want to see her again? He was so hot; there were any number of women who would do anything for him.  Although that thought really bothered her, she still didn’t understand why it was her that he seemed to want.
“You are beautiful Lily; you are just the woman that I have been looking for.”  He ran one hand down her bare arm and felt a shiver run through her.  “Can you feel it? You were made for me.”
What?  She thought as she looked at him with an astonished expression, how could he know that?  They had just met.
“Do you work Lily?”
“Uh, yes…I am an editor for a publishing company.”
“Tomorrow is Saturday; do you have to go into work?”  He smiled as she wordlessly shook her head no.  “Will you have dinner with me?”
Lily felt her head nodding yes before she even realized what she was doing.  What the hell was wrong with her?  He continued to touch her, scrambling her thoughts, not anywhere intimate, but the feel of his fingers gliding across her cheek and down her arms felt very seductive.  She could feel his touch sending jolts to her breasts and between her thighs.  He gave her another little smile and she felt her belly clench viciously.  She couldn’t help the moan that left her lips.
“Will you stay the night with me Lily?”  He asked her, softly breathing into her ear and neck as he brushed his fingers across her belly and then to her hips.  He pulled back to look at her for his answer.
She nodded yes again and her eyes felt heavy as he leaned into her again.  He kissed her and she felt her mind shut off as her fingers clasped the longer strands of his hair.  He picked her up and carried her somewhere.  All she could think of was him inside her, she wanted him so badly.
“Lily, baby, you are so sensitive.  Do you know how sexy that is?”
She stood dazed in his arms as he set her down to undress her.  She felt the zipper at her back being slowly lowered, and then her dress slithered downward past her hips till it pooled at her feet.  She stood before him in her baby blue lace bra and panties.  She felt his lips as he left kisses along her collar bone, and then he nipped lightly at her neck and just below her ears.  She shivered as he pulled back and placed his hands along her jaw, rubbing his thumbs across her swollen lips.  
She gripped his massive arms as she felt electricity running from his body to hers, the sensations seemed to travel everywhere before concentrating between her legs.  She had never had an orgasm during sex before, the only ones she ever had were when she was alone using her vibrator.  She had a feeling that Max could give her all the orgasms she wanted.  Hell he could probably make her come just from touching her skin.
Max listened to her thoughts, waiting for her cues to see what she liked.  Obviously she didn’t know.  How could a woman this beautiful be so inexperienced?  She would make an excellent submissive, but she would be so much more to him.
He finally had her half naked and trembling in his arms.  He leaned back to look at her and felt an ache in his chest.  She had high full breasts with dusky pink areoles and her dark pink nipples were pebbled tight.  He cupped one breast, amazed at how perfectly proportioned she was to him.  He ran his thumb across the beaded peak and enjoyed the moan that tumbled out of her.
Lily moaned and watched with hooded eyes as he leaned down to take her breast into his mouth.  He sucked her nipple deep and she bucked against him.  He growled low in his throat and then thrust one leg between hers.  He cupped her buttocks and pressed her aching mound against his muscled thigh, and then he slowly dragged her up its length.  He latched onto her other breast and wrenched moan after moan from her.
She felt her body being lowered and then the softness of a bed beneath her, and then Max loomed over her.  She vaguely felt her panties being removed, and then he pushed her legs apart and licked into her moist cleft.  She arched off the bed and whimpered. His tongue was so hot and skilled.  He thrust his tongue inside her and she felt her body begin to quiver.  He pushed one finger inside her tight sheath as his clever tongue licked her clitoris and she exploded, pulling his hair, and clasping her thighs around his ears.
She lay gasping; by the time she had recovered he was sliding his hot shaft into her body.  He was so big, she felt uncomfortable pressure, and then it seemed like her flesh was making room for him. Then he was deep inside her and he stopped.
“Lily open your eyes and look at me”, he groaned.
Lily forced herself to open her eyes, and then looked into his, his eyes were glowing and she felt his shaft pulse inside her.
“Tell me my message again.”  He demanded as he looked at her fiercely.
Lily trembled beneath him, feeling so full, and she couldn’t move, he held her so tightly.  Huskily she murmured to him.  “Look…at your…future,” she managed to say.  
He growled again and then he started to move inside her, touching all the hot achy places deep inside her body.  She wanted desperately to move against him, touch and lick his skin, but he had her pinned beneath him.  She felt his will upon her as he moved steadily and forcefully.
“Please let me touch you, please Max,” she said breathlessly.
He liked the sound of his name on her lips, he released her arms and then levered himself above her.  He felt her move her soft hands over his shoulders and down his back.  He leaned down and brushed his lips across her shoulder and felt her lips and tongue moving along his neck.  He nipped at her skin and he suddenly felt her stiffen beneath him, arching her hips against him as she climaxed.  He could feel her channel milking him as her orgasm rolled through her in waves.
He came a few minutes later with her still shuddering beneath him.  He bit into her neck as he came, just enough to break the skin and hold her still beneath him.  Then he slowly licked the bite to soothe her, he felt the small wound close before he stopped.
He levered his arms up a little and watched her face as she regained her senses.  She finally opened her eyes and looked at him in disbelief.  He listened to her thoughts again.  Mostly she couldn’t believe that she had slept with a man she had just met.  She’d never done anything like that before in her life.
Lily watched Max’s face as he looked at her, he seemed so intense.  Nothing like this had ever happened to her before.  What the hell was she doing?  One night stands weren’t her thing.  He must think she was some kind of slut.  What kind of woman slept with a man without knowing who he was?
“Lily I can tell you are overthinking this.”  He smiled when he saw her pretty blue eyes widen.  “Are you on the pill?”
She felt a blush rise from her chest into her cheeks and nodded her head yes.  They hadn’t used any protection.  He finally pulled out of her, his shaft still seemed hard enough to go again.  She briefly wondered if he wanted to.  She shook her head slightly and pulled the blanket over her still trembling body, she wanted to cry.  How could she have done this?  He moved towards her and pulled her into his arms, gently placing her head against his chest.  Then he slowly moved his hands up and down her back in soothing strokes.
“Stay with me Lily, I don’t want you to leave.”  He tipped her chin to look at her face for a moment, waiting until she nodded, and then he spoke softly to her again.  “Go to sleep honey, things will look different in the morning, it will be okay.”  He watched her eyelids begin to droop, he liked that he could calm her as easily as he aroused her.
He watched her as she slept beside him.  He generally only slept a few hours, but he held her the whole night.  He’d never had a woman in his bed; he preferred to get his pleasure elsewhere and leave right after.  Once she slept deeply he caressed her gently, memorizing her features, cementing them into his subconscious.  He would be able to find her anywhere in his human form, but he would be able to find her much faster in his true form.  
He had given her the first bite; she would have a bruise where he marked her, but only his kind would recognize it for what it was.  The claiming had begun; he would bite her each night until the week was up, and then they would change together.  Then she would truly be his mate.

Chapter Two

Lily had been having a wonderful dream.  She was so warm, hot in fact.  Her lashes fluttered as she slowly opened her eyes.  She felt smooth skin beneath her hand and cheek.  Everything she felt suddenly registered and she was aware that not only was she naked, but so was the man she was lying on.  
Oh my God, what had she done?  Memories assaulted her from last night in a rush, every moan and every whimper.  She felt moisture pool between her thighs and she felt a hand start to move slowly up and down her back.  His fingers trailed down the vertebrae of her spine and then stopped at the small of her back.
She took a deep breath and then leaned up on one elbow, unable to look at him.  She could feel her body flushing all over in embarrassment.  How could she have done this?  This was so unlike her, and where were her clothes?
“Lily you didn’t do anything wrong.  It’s okay.” Max said to her, he didn’t need to read her mind to know how she was feeling; her body language was answer enough for him.  “Lily, look at me,” he ordered softly.
Lily obeyed him even though she really didn’t want to.  How could he have so much power over her?  She looked up into his eyes and felt lost.  She licked her lips and held her breath, waiting anxiously for him to speak again.
Max smiled at her, he knew he would fall for her fast.  “Lily breathe,” his smile widened as she sucked in a deep breath.  “Did you sleep well?”  She just nodded her head as she looked into his eyes.  He reached up and ran his fingertips along her cheek.  “Will you give me a good morning kiss?”  He watched as she blinked a few times and reached up to touch her soft lips to his.  An innocent touch that burned him inside, and then she pulled back and let out a little sigh.  “Are you hungry?”  He smiled again as she just nodded wordlessly.  “You can talk to me you know, I won’t bite.”  Not during the day at least, he thought.
Lily blushed and gave him a shy smile.  “Yes I am hungry.  Do you mind if I use the bathroom?”  She felt her body flush more as she asked.  She had no idea what to say or do; she was so out of her element.  What were the rules for the morning after? By sheer will she managed to pull her gaze from his.  Maybe if she wasn’t touching him she could think a little better.  She pulled back further from him and her brow creased in confusion.  She felt so sad; it was as if he was a drug.  If he was how had she become addicted so quickly?  She snuck a quick peak at him again and got her answer.  Duh, mental head slap, the man was gorgeous and oh so very charming, no wonder.  She had minimal experience with men, and he was just so…male.
Max watched her leisurely as she sat up and pulled the sheet over her luscious breasts.  He could see dimples at the base of her spine when she turned away from him.  He couldn’t wait to dip his tongue into them.  If he could keep her in his bed all week, he would, but it didn’t work like that.  She would have to come back to him tonight of her own free will.  He couldn’t make her come back; he could only ask her to.
He sat up and pulled the rest of the blankets off of him.  He heard her gasp and he glanced at her as her hungry eyes roamed his body.  She had one quick peek at his boner and then suddenly looked away.  He smiled as he walked to his closet and grabbed a pair of boxers and a t-shirt.  He quickly put them on and then grabbed a shirt for her.  He went back to the bed and handed her a button down shirt.  He watched as she slipped it over her shoulders and pulled it closed over her sweet body.  He watched her for a second and then he walked away to open another door.  
“Lily,” he said as he waved his hand inside the room.  She got up from the bed and walked gracefully towards him.  He liked the way she looked in his shirt, she had rolled the sleeves up and the tails of the shirt went past her knees.  It made her look delicate and so very desirable.  She gave him a small smile as she walked past him into the bathroom and closed the door.
He had used his influences on her last night, but he couldn’t use them today.  He had to be normal.  How the hell was he supposed to do that?
He went to the back of the room and opened a hidden sliding door and let the fresh morning air move over him, cooling his hot skin.  It was early yet.  He saw a deer on the edge of the woods.  Its head came up suddenly and looked at him, its ears twitching furiously.  It felt fear, but didn’t understand why.  It knew what he was, but only saw a man.  He was concentrating on the animal so hard that he was startled when Lily came to stand beside him.
“Wow,” she said as she stepped past him and out the door.  “It’s beautiful here, you are so lucky, you get to see this every day.”  She took a deep breath as she listened to the birds chirping and she noticed the deer in the distance.  She loved mornings.  She glanced towards Max and flashed him a smile, she loved spring time.  She turned towards him and frowned as she looked at him.  “Max, are you okay?”  She moved closer and touched his arm as she asked.
Max watched as she moved around his private deck.  When she had turned and smiled at him, he felt an ache in his chest.  What was it about her?  She just made him feel so…right.  “Yes, I’m okay.  I was just thinking what a pretty smile you have, and also how nice you smell.”  He leaned towards her neck and took a deep breath from the skin below her ear.  He felt her shiver and smiled to himself, and then he leaned back again.  “We could have breakfast out here if you’d like.”  He smiled when she nodded at him.
“I’ll have someone bring us something.  Would you like coffee?”
“Yes, please,” she hesitated for a second.  “Can you find out if Angie left my purse here?”  He nodded and then went back inside.
Lily stood by the rail and watched the deer in the distance.  They went back to eating after a few minutes, their tails twitching every so often.  She felt a tingle and then strong arms came around her as Max pulled her back against him.  They stood together enjoying the fresh morning air.
Max listened to her thoughts, she couldn’t understand why she felt so good around him.  She knew he was aroused, but he hadn’t initiated anything sexually.  She respected that about him.  He hadn’t made her feel cheap this morning; he just seemed glad that she was still here.  She needed to leave soon though, but she really wanted to spend more time with him.
Lily felt a gentle kiss touch the back of her head and smiled.  He’s a good man, he was very intense last night, but she could tell instinctively that she could trust him not to hurt her, ever.  That was a little weird, she’d never felt such things before.  
He stiffened slightly against her and then she heard a voice announcing his presence.  She turned in the circle of Max’s arms and noticed the butler from last night come out onto the deck with a tray.
“Good morning John,” Max said.  “Lily this is John.”
“Good morning John,” Lily said to him, she could feel herself blushing as John gave her a small smile.
“Good morning Miss Lily, Mr. Thompson,” John smiled to himself, they looked so good together, he was so pleased for Max.  He seemed so happy this morning.  He finished setting up their breakfast on the table and then quietly left.
“Time for breakfast,” Max said as he rubbed her shoulders, he smiled at her as he placed his hand on the small of her back to steer her towards the table.  His smile widened when he felt a fingertip dip into one of the dimples at the base of her spine. He saw her frown when he released her to sit down beside her.  He felt it too, like every time they weren’t touching a little part of him was dying inside.
“So what kind of books do you edit Lily?”
She raised one perfectly shaped brow at him and then she remembered that she had told him last night about her job.  “Mostly paranormal fiction, anything with ghosts, vampires, and even angels are really big right now.”
“Really, people read those sorts of books?”
She grinned at him, “of course, haven’t you heard stories like that before?”
“Well, yes I have.  Do you believe any of it?”  He asked her seriously.
“Sometimes I wonder, some stories you hear seem so real, but I do believe in ghosts.  I’ve thought that I’ve seen my father a few times and sometimes I’ve felt like someone was watching me.”  She looked at him for a second and frowned.  “I don’t know why I told you that…now you probably think that I am crazy.”
“Hardly, I asked a question and you answered it honestly.  Don’t ever be afraid to tell me anything Lily.”  He said very carefully.
“All right,” she looked at him over the rim of her cup as she sipped her coffee.  “I have some work to do today at home.  Can you have someone call a cab for me?”
“No,” he smiled when he saw her startled expression; her eyes had widened a bit too.  “I’ll give you a ride home when you are ready.”
“Oh,” she felt another blush touch her cheeks, she felt relieved, and she hadn’t known what to think when he had first said no.
“Will you have dinner with me tonight Lily?”  Max asked her, their eyes met and held for a few seconds before she looked away.
“I’d like that.”  Lily said, secretly pleased that he wanted to see her again.
“Come back tonight around six.  I’ll take you for a walk around the estate after dinner.”
Lily smiled and nodded to him, “that sounds nice.”
“Do you like the outdoors Lily?”
“Yes I do, I try to get out when I can.  I’m not a winter person though.”  She smiled when Max raised a brow at her.  “Too cold,” she gave a delicate shudder as she answered.  
Max smiled at her, she was so easy to talk to.  She was passionate and sweet, but she had a feistiness about her too.  He wondered how she looked when she was angry.  He wasn’t ready to find out…yet.
After breakfast she went into the bathroom to put her dress on.  He had watched as she pulled a toothbrush out of her purse before she went inside.
He threw on some jeans and a dark gray button down shirt while she dressed.  He was tying his boots when she came back out sporting another blush.
“What is it Lily?”  He stood and tipped her chin so she’d meet his gaze.
“Uh…” how could she tell him that her panties were missing?  “It’s not important.”
“You’re sure?”  He asked, and then seemed convinced when she nodded.  He knew what she was thinking; he had found her panties next to the bed while she was in the bathroom.  He was glad she didn’t ask for them, he had them in his pocket right now.  He planned on giving them back to her tonight.
They walked out to the garage and he opened the passenger side door of a flashy red car for her.  It was sporty, but she had no idea what it was.  She’d never seen anything like it, but she knew that it was very expensive.  Once he was seated he opened a clever compartment to retrieve his sunglasses, she saw the name Aston Martin on it.  No wonder she hadn’t known what it was, she’d never seen one before.  She watched him strap on his seat belt.  He glanced at her with a smile and then turned the key and the engine roared to life.  They zoomed down the driveway towards the gates, which opened and closed behind them, obviously the guards were used to him coming and going. 
“Where do you live Lily?”
“Park Street, River Front Apartments.”
Max nodded and switched through the gears as they went around curves and up and down hills.
“I don’t remember this from last night.” Lily said a little confused.
“This is the long way into town.  It’s more fun to drive this way, especially with this car.”
Lily smiled, boys and their toys.
Max looked out the window as he rolled it down a little to let some cool air touch his skin.  She had no idea about his toys, he grinned.  He was going to have to make a conscious effort not to read her mind.
All too soon he pulled up to her building.  He noted there was no security guard, but at least you needed a key to get inside.
Lily turned towards him as he pulled to a stop.
He leaned over and kissed her gently.  “Wait just a second; let me get your door for you.”
Lily watched as he gracefully exited the sleek vehicle and walked around the hood to open her door for her.  She smiled to herself, he was such a gentlemen.  He opened her door and offered her his hand to help her out, and then he reached out and touched her cheek as she stood next to him.
“I’ll see you tonight,” he pulled a card out of his pocket and handed it to her.  “This is my cell number if you need to call me for anything.”  He watched as she glanced at the card and looked back up at him.  She nodded to him with a small smile and then turned to walk up to the entrance.  After she opened the door she looked back to see him still watching her.
“I’ll see you tonight Max,” she gave him another smile and then disappeared inside.
Max got back into his car and then drove off.  He had a lot to do today, but first he needed to stop and see his father.


Nathan stood by the window and watched as his son pulled up outside the house and made his way inside, he heard him whistling as he came through the entryway into the living room.  He seemed different today; could he have been right about Lily?
“So,” Nathan said as his son stopped before him.
“You did it Dad,” Max said with a huge grin.  “I can’t believe it, Lily is the one.” They hugged and his father patted him on the back, then he pulled back and sat down.
“I don’t understand,” Max said.  “You’ve sent me brunettes for so long, what made you send Lily to me?”
“I felt her last night in the club, I could sense her somehow.”  Nathan frowned.  “All our information has been based on a brunette.  I only sent her because she seemed so right.  I fought it for a while, but finally I approached Angie.  After I met her I knew she would be prefect for you.  It’s too soon to know for sure if she’s the one though.” He cautioned him.
“Dad, she’s the one.”  Max smiled when his dad raised one brow at him.  “I saw our future together.”
“Really?”  Nathan smiled at his son; he knew he was tired of playing the game.  Having women throw themselves at him hadn’t helped.  It had been years since he had stepped a foot into the club. That’s why he had started sending women to him.  “Did she say she would see you tonight?”
“Yes,” Max smiled again.
“Good, I’ll talk to your mother; she’s not here right now.  I wonder if her vision is getting spotty, she was adamant that we were looking for a brunette.”
“Hah, good luck with that one.”  Max laughed.
They talked a little while longer and then Max left to go back home.  He had some work to do, and then he wanted to get ready for tonight.  He couldn’t wait to touch her again, even just to hold her hand.  He wanted much more than that though, he wanted to take his time with her and explore every inch of her body.


Lily finished the last few pages of the manuscript that she had been reading.  She quickly secured them when a sudden breeze came through the window.  She got up and closed it, shivering as she lay down on the couch and pulled a soft throw off the edge and wrapped it around her.
Her gaze was drawn to the painting above her fireplace before she closed her eyes.  Kristi had given it to her last year after she had been in New York for a book signing.  She smiled as she thought about her friend. They were complete opposites, where Lily was red headed and fair skinned, Kristi was tall and willowy with dark hair and tan skin.  Kristi knew that she loved wolves.  Even when they were kids Lily was all about wolves.  She had loved the painting from the moment she’d seen it.  It was like it called to her.
There was a dark forest and a lone pure white wolf stood out in the painting.  His dark eyes glowed as he looked down from a small cliff, as if he was surveying his domain.  It had been a while after she had gotten it when she noticed another wolf in the painting.  This one was much smaller and delicate, perhaps a female with a cinnamon coat. Then she noticed the others scattered here and there, all in pairs.  She liked to think that the two had finally found each other.  She smiled as she felt herself drift off to sleep.  She dreamed of grey eyes, but they belonged to a man, not the wolf’s dark eyes she usually dreamed of.


Just before six Lily pulled up to the gates of Max’s estate.  The same guard from last night came out to greet her.
“Hello Miss Lily.  You can go right through, Mr. Thompson is expecting you.”
“Thanks Tim.” Lily smiled when he grinned at her; he seemed pleased that she had remembered his name.  She drove her little Mazda Miata up the drive to the house.  She loved her little car, her father probably rolled over in his grave when she hadn’t bought a Chevy.
She opened her door and set one booted heel on the pavement to get out.  When she straightened after reaching for her bag she knew that Max was behind her.  She turned and found him leaning against her car.
“Hello Mr. Thompson.”
“Miss Rainier,” he smiled at her as he glanced down at her snug jeans and knee length boots.  “Did you get some work done?”  He asked as he held his hand out to her.
She smiled as she placed her hand in his.  “Yes I did, I still have some to do tomorrow though.”  She shivered as he slowly pulled her closer and then leaned down to give her a gentle kiss.
“Are you hungry?”
“Yes…I am.” She sighed as he moved his head back.
Max wrapped his arm around her shoulders to guide her into the house.  He didn’t trust himself to touch the small of her back; he would have a handful of her ass in a second if he did.  He tamped down his excitement; she had come back to him.
They went inside and he took her into the living room.  There was a bottle of wine chilling for them.  He went to open it and he idly watched her as she moved around.  She looked out the windows that ran the length of the room; the view from here was to the west.  The sun was slowly setting; it would set in just a few hours.  There was a garden on the east side of the house, planned strategically for the amount of sun that side of the estate got each day.  His study overlooked the garden, but it had been dark last night when Lily was in there.  She continued towards a wall with artwork, both photographs and paintings.  He had eclectic tastes.  He focused on not listening to her thoughts, it was very hard.  He liked listening to her mind, especially seeing what she saw.  That was a first for him; he had always been able to listen to someone’s thoughts, but he had never seen anyone’s visions before.  She went back to stand by the big windows.  He noticed how she rubbed her palms against the seams her jeans, she seemed nervous.  He walked up behind her and stood next to her.  He didn’t touch her as he handed her a glass of wine, but he watched as she took a sip, entranced by the way her throat moved as she drank.
Lily moved when she was nervous, it helped to calm her and also burned off energy.  She looked at the paintings and pictures, not really seeing them.  She was so aware of Max; she was on pins and needles waiting for him to touch her again.  He hadn’t been far from her thoughts all day.  She had woken up from her nap with damp thighs and heavy breasts, her whole body ached for him.  She had been hot all over, he had been in her dreams, watching her, like he was right now, and he had been making love to her too.
Max watched her face intently; he could tell she was aroused.  His nose was something that he couldn’t just turn off; her scent surrounded him, very feminine.  She had a fresh floral smell, with just a hint of citrus, but when she was aroused her scent became so much more enticing, perhaps a spice, maybe cinnamon.  He took a deep breath, pulling in her scent until it swirled around his head in hazy colors, almost making him dizzy with his need to make her his.  He stood close, but still didn’t touch her.  He felt her move slightly, slowly covering the mere inches that separated them, and then her arm lightly brushed his.
She didn’t even realize that she sighed as she leaned closer to him.  She felt his pull on her.  Slowly she put her hand down and took his hand in hers.  He rubbed his thumb lightly over the tops of her fingers, each slow pass vibrating through her body.
Max was pleased that she had initiated the contact with him.  He longed to kiss her, but he wanted to wait till they took their walk together after dinner.  He wanted to see how her eyes looked in the dim forest that surrounded his home. 
“I hope you are hungry Lily.”
Lily sighed as she looked up into his eyes, she was just happy to be here with him.  She smiled when she spoke, “truthfully, I am starving.” Her smile widened as he raised a brow at her.  “I haven’t eaten since this morning. I fell asleep after I finished the manuscript I was reading…I woke up later than I had planned on.”
“So you are well rested then?”  Max asked.  She blushed as she looked up at him and then slowly nodded her head yes.  Max chuckled, “I like the way you think Lily, but I was thinking of our walk after dinner.  I didn’t want to go too far if you were tired.” She just blushed harder and he laughed again as he pulled her against him for a hug.  “I have a special place that I’d like to show you.”
Lily looked at him, completely intrigued.  “So who do you take to your special place?”  What she said made her sound jealous, she didn’t mean to, she was just curious.  “I’m sorry Max; you don’t have to answer that.  I didn’t mean that the way it sounded.” She looked down and turned to move away from him, but he pulled her back.
He tipped her chin and searched her eyes for a moment, wishing he could listen to her thoughts.  She had sounded jealous, he wondered if she cared for him already.  “Only my family has been there, no one else.”  She looked up at him with her big blue eyes, and then he leaned down to kiss her lips gently.  He set his glass down and took hers from her.  He took her face in his hands and gently ran kisses along her cheeks, nose, and eyes.
She sighed again as she tilted her face towards him, parting her lips, waiting for his kiss.  He obliged her and slowly stroked his tongue with hers in a delicious pull.  He heard her moan and she relaxed as she pushed her fingers into his hair, pulling him closer to deepen the kiss.
Max broke the kiss and looked up to see John in the doorway; he nodded to him and then looked back down at Lily.  She slowly opened her eyes and then she noticed John in the doorway.  She realized her fingers were still wrapped in the longer strands of his hair that touched the collar of his shirt, and quickly released him.
“Dinner is ready sir.” John said.
“Thank you John.” He looked down at Lily with dark hungry eyes.  “Come, let’s get some food in you, you’ll need energy for later.” He whispered the last in her ear.
Lily shivered as she looked up at him and felt her eyes widen at his comment, no one had ever talked to her like that before.  Holy cow, what a kiss that had been, much more intense than last night, maybe because she had an idea now about what was happening.  Last night she hadn’t had time to analyze anything, she hadn’t thought at all, just felt.  She licked her dry lips as she looked into his dark eyes; he looked like he would devour her when he got the chance.
He took her hand and raised it to his lips and then he gave her a slow seductive smile, and she could feel her panties becoming soaked.
Max showed her into the dining room and then he pulled her chair out for her, holding it as she sat down.  He could smell her arousal.  He had tortured himself all day, pulling her panties out of his pocket to reacquaint himself with her scent.  Her fresh arousal clouded his brain, threatening to bring out his baser animal instincts.  He took a deep breath and then sat down beside her.  He needed to get some control back or he would take her on the table around their dinner.  
John set a few glasses of water down beside them and then came back with a carafe.  He quietly left the room to bring their dinner.
They both were silent for a few minutes, each wresting with self-control to keep from attacking each other.
Lily looked down at the steak that John placed in front of her, suddenly remembering how hungry she was.  “Ooh, that looks so good.  Thank you John.”  He smiled at her and then left so they could eat.  She cut a piece of her steak, it was cooked perfectly, and she always liked a medium rare steak.  She slowly closed her lips around the tender morsel and moaned as the flavors burst across her taste buds.  The meat melted like butter on her tongue and the herb garlic potatoes with mushrooms were tender, just the right compliment to the steak.  
Max shifted in his chair a few times during dinner.  Lily enjoyed her meal, she didn’t talk, she was definitely a dedicated eater like himself; but the little sounds she made sounded very intimate.  They were the same sounds that she had made last night when he had been inside her sweet body.
By sheer force of will he made it through dinner.  He leaned back in his chair as Lily ate a small piece of apple pie that John’s wife had made.  He had a larger piece, but his was already gone.  Ellen knew he had a soft spot for her homemade pies.  He watched as she placed the last bite into her mouth and she closed her eyes, and then she leaned back in the chair and rubbed her stomach as she smiled at him.
“Good lord Max, do you eat like this every day? That was probably the best meal I’ve ever had.”
“Really?”
“Yes I enjoy good food, and that was fabulous.”  She grinned at him.  “Do you have a private chef?”
“Ellen has always cooked for me, and now her daughter cooks for my parents.  John is her husband.”  He looked at her thoughtfully, “would you like to meet her?”
Lily gave him a beautiful smile.  “I’d love to.”
Max stood up and pulled her chair out for her.  He took her hand in his and led her through to the back of the house and into the kitchen.  As they approached the back of the room they could hear laughter and dishes banging together.  Two women were laughing and John stood with his back to them, shaking his head at the women that were obviously laughing at him.  Max smiled at Lily and put a finger to his lips.  He quietly snuck up behind John and poked him in the ribs, he jumped and then the women started laughing all over again.
John turned with a start, ready to lay into whoever had dared to poke him.  His face broke into a smile as he looked at Max fondly, he straightened his expression when he looked at Lily, but she could still see the twinkle in his eyes.  
“Lily wanted to meet Ellen.”  Max said by way of explanation, he put his arm around Lily and slowly brought her towards the women.
“So this is Lily.”  A short dark haired woman stepped forward as she wiped her hands with a towel.  She had an accent that Lily couldn’t quite place, maybe English or Scottish.  She took Lily’s hands into hers as she looked into her eyes.  She said a few words in a language that Lily didn’t understand, but somehow she felt really good.
Lily gave Ellen a big smile.  “I have no idea what you just said, but somehow I feel really good right now.” Ellen smiled back at her.  Lily nodded her head toward Max, “I just wanted to thank you for dinner.  I think that was the best meal I’ve ever had.  You are very talented.”
“You’re welcome Lily.  I’ve been cooking for Max since he was a child.  I had to train my daughter to cook for his parents when we came to live with him.  You are lovely dear, where did you get your red hair from?” Ellen reached up and touched one silky curl on her shoulder.
“My great-grandmother Lucy, she was born in France.”
“Really?”  Ellen said as she cut a quick glance towards John.
Lily didn’t notice as she answered.  “Supposedly I look like her; I am the only one since to have red hair.”
Max stood back and watched them talk for a few minutes.  He looked at John and saw him smile at his wife.  He looked up and met his eyes and smiled.  Ellen was very particular about people; she wouldn’t still be talking to Lily unless she liked her.
Max moved forward and pulled Lily back beside him.  He smiled at them; they all knew he had plans.  They all said goodnight and Lily gave them a big smile as they left out the back door.
They walked hand in hand for a few minutes before entering a well-worn path into the forest.
“What did Ellen say to me?”  Lily asked.
“I’m not sure exactly, but it was an old blessing.”
“I like her.”
“Well I could tell she liked you.  I know John likes you too, but he’ll never tell you.  He is a very quiet man, makes me wonder how him and Ellen got together.  They are so different.”
“I guess that’s love huh?”
“I guess.  Have you ever been in love before?”  He asked but he didn’t look at her; he just looked straight ahead up the path they were following.
“I thought I was once, but I wasn’t upset when we broke up.  I would think if it had been love I would have been crushed, how about you?”
“No, not yet,” he talked a little bit about his property and how much he liked the woods.
Lily smiled as she listened to Max talk, the woods were so beautiful.  She could hear running water.  “Is there a stream nearby?”
“Yes, we’re almost by it, where I want to take you is just a bit further.”
They walked past a small stream and kept going for another fifteen minutes or so.  Max would stop to help her over fallen logs here and there.  He touched her whenever he could.
Lily smiled, there were a few logs that she could easily have stepped over, but he insisted on helping her.  The last one he had let a few fingers graze lightly over her ass.  She shivered as she looked up at him.  She felt caught as she met his gaze and suddenly she couldn’t move.  He put both his hands into her hair and pulled her close for a deep kiss.
“Oh Max,” Lily breathed huskily, “I’ve been waiting for you to kiss me again.” Lily moaned as he took her mouth with lazy licks over and over again.  “That’s so nice,” she shivered as she pressed her body closer to his.
“Oh baby, how I’ve missed you.”  Max said as he drew her tighter to him.  He pushed his erection into her belly and growled.  “We have to stop.” He put her head against his chest and held her to him.  He felt her shudder as he held her close.  “We’ll finish that later.” He felt her breath against his skin as she moaned; he stroked her back, calming her.  “Will you stay with me tonight Lily?”
She took a deep breath and stepped back a little. “You don’t think that we are moving too fast do you?”
“Honestly no.” Max said.
“Me either, I like being with you.”
“Come on, it’s just a little further.”  Max said, he took her hand again and started walking further into the woods.  The trees opened up into a meadow.  The sun was just starting to go down and it filtered through the leaves in the trees.  They stood on the edge of a clearing and Lily watched the sun disappear, leaving shades of pink and purple all around them.  She looked down and saw a bed of blue wildflowers at her feet.  This place was just so beautiful; she’d never seen anything like it. Max shifted beside her and then he tensed suddenly, she looked up at him wondering what was wrong.
“We have to head back; it will be dark soon.”  He pulled her through the woods the way they had come, but he was moving faster.
“Max you’re scaring me, what’s wrong?”
“There are some animals out here that I’d rather not run into.”
“What kind of animals?”  Lily looked anxiously over her shoulder.
“Wolves.”
“Wolves!”  She gasped. “Real wolves?”
“Sometimes they come sniffing around, once we get closer to the house they’ll quit following us.”
“I’ve never seen a wolf before, other than the zoo.  Can you see them from your house?”
“Sometimes,” Max felt Lily stumble a little; he really was moving faster than she could with her boots on, but she didn’t complain.  He picked her up to carry her over some fallen logs.  He knew the others were looking for mates.  The last thing he needed this week was for one of them to make a play for her.  He would fight for her when the time came.  He was sure they could smell her arousal, it was so unique.  He never should have brought her out here.
He ran up onto his deck outside his suite and set her down just inside the door.
“How did you do that?”  Lily asked him with wide eyes.
“Do what?” He frowned as he looked down at her.
“You ran all the way carrying me and you’re not even out of breath.  You must be in great shape.”
He smiled at her, you have no idea baby.  He just shrugged his shoulders, “I run every day.”
Lily looked up at him and gazed into his eyes.  She felt her mind shut off as she stood in the circle of his arms.  She slowly closed her eyes as he leaned down to kiss her.  Within just a few seconds he had her jacket off and her blouse open.  She gasped when she felt his hot mouth latch onto her breast, she hadn’t even felt him move the cup of the bra down; it plumped her breast up, like an offering.  Then she moaned as he laid her on the bed, he finished undressing her, and then he stood back from the bed.  She opened her eyes as he grabbed a fist full of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head.
Lily licked her lips as she watched him undress.  There hadn’t been many lights on last night and now she was finally able to see all of him.  She had been way too embarrassed to look very long this morning.  She saw the chiseled muscles of his chest and arms then followed the hair that trailed past his hard stomach to his boxers.  Holy shit, are those abs real?  She had never seen a man so ripped before; he would put any male model or actor to shame. She felt her mouth begin to water; she couldn’t wait to taste him.  He paused with his thumbs in the waist band of his boxers and she looked up to meet his eyes.  She shivered as he gave her a little smile; he knew how he affected her.  She looked down again, enjoying the show he was giving her, and then he pushed the material off his lean hips and she felt her jaw slacken in shock.  He was huge; she couldn’t believe that she had that inside her.  She swallowed hard as he moved closer to the bed.
Max smiled when he saw her eyes widen as she looked at his cock.  He took it in his hand and pumped it from root to tip as he looked at her body spread out before him.  She was perfect; her breasts were soft and full.  She had a few red curls at the top of her mound, but her sex was completely bare.  He remembered how smooth and plush she was.  He grabbed her ankles and pulled her down the bed, and then he pushed her legs apart to make room for him.  He held her gaze as he leaned down and licked into her.  He smiled when he heard the keening wale she let out as her head fell back.  He pushed a few fingers into her, amazed at how ready she was for him.  He licked and sucked her clitoris, gently at first, and then he sucked steadily when she started moving against him. It didn’t take long before she climaxed.  He felt her soft thighs hug his ears as she rode out her orgasm.  When she relaxed, he started in on her again.  He felt another orgasm run through her as she shuddered beneath him.  He held her down to the bed as she rose up to meet him this time.  
He crawled up over her and lined his shaft up with her entrance.  He wrapped his arms around hers, pinning her to the bed, and then he thrust inside her, smiling as she gasped into his ear.  He rode her hard and fast, he felt her hips rising to meet him as he restrained her upper body.  She moaned beneath him, was she close again?  He released her arms and moved one hand between their bodies to massage her clit.  She called out his name as she shuddered and trembled beneath him.  He reached back up to hold her tightly to him and he lost it, pounding mindlessly into her sweet body. He felt a powerful orgasm building and he latched onto her neck and bit into her tender flesh.  She stiffened beneath him and cried out as he felt her blood rush into his mouth.  Amazingly she came again; her channel milked him intensifying his own orgasm as it shook his body violently.  He collapsed on top of her for a few seconds and then he pushed up on his forearms to keep from crushing her.
“Lily, baby, are you okay?” He asked roughly.
She took a deep shuddering breath, holy smokes; she couldn’t believe how she felt right now.  “Yes…I’m okay.”  She said huskily.  “Is sex always like this for you?  I swear I can feel every cell in my body.”
Max smiled as he kissed her and licked her skin where he had bitten her, he still tasted some blood.  He must have been a lot rougher this time, just a few licks and the small wound closed.  She would be sore.
He leaned up to look at her.  “It’s never been like this for me.  I’d stay inside you forever if I could.”  He felt his dick pulse inside her a few times, and then he smiled as he hardened.  He noticed her eyes widen and he felt her belly tremble beneath his abs.  God she was beautiful, she really had no idea how much.  He started to move slowly inside her, kissing her and whispering to her.  Telling her how beautiful she was to him and how good she felt.
Lily was amazed that he could go again after all that.  She had lost track of how many times she had climaxed, she knew she would come again before he was through.  He had been a little rough the first time, but now he was so gentle.  This must be making love?  She felt a tug on her heart each time he moved inside her.  She felt tears come to her eyes as she felt another orgasm roll slowly through her body.  Dimly she felt him kiss her eyes and gently wipe the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs.  She opened her eyes to watch, she wanted to see him when he found his release.  She reached up and placed her hands on his cheeks as he growled and then he moved a little faster and harder, she swore she could see his eyes glowing, and then they slowly slid closed as he put his face into her neck.  He stiffened and thrust once more and then he stilled above her.  She could feel his hot breath where he had bitten her earlier.  She moved her hands over his shoulders and back to soothe him as both their heart rates slowly returned to normal.
Max rolled off of her and pulled her close to his side.  He felt her rest her head on his chest and then she threw one smooth leg over his, snuggling her curves closer to him, and then he felt her shiver.
“Are you cold?”  He asked her as he slowly stroked the silky skin of her back.
“Just a little, you are so warm though.  That’s really nice…hmmm.”
He released her for a second and pulled the comforter over them.  His body heat would have been enough, but he couldn’t explain that to her yet.  “Sleep baby.”
“Can you leave a small light on?  I’m sorry, but I’ve always been afraid of the dark.”
“It’s okay, I’ll leave one on, but don’t worry I’m not going anywhere.”  He flipped a switch and a small light softly glowed from the corner of the room.  He moved one hand up and down her back, soothing her.  It wasn’t long before she relaxed completely, and then she fell asleep.
Max brooded for a while as he listened to her even breathing.  He had a bad feeling about the wolves that had followed them.  Packs didn’t generally come on his land, unless they wanted something.  He could still smell the lust on them.  It didn’t matter that they hadn’t seen her.  If they had they would have fought him for her.  She was worth fighting for.  He just had to make it through the end of the week.  He would have to see his father, maybe there was something he could do to stop them from trying to take her from him.  After all he couldn’t be with her every minute, he would if he could.  He already loved her.

Chapter Three

Lily felt the hot water caress her skin, the shower was heavenly.  She felt so sensitive today and she suddenly felt a slight ache in her belly.  Maybe she was ovulating.  It had been a long time since she had listened to her body.  She would have to pay better attention.  She ticked the days off on her fingers; she had five pills left in her pack.  She would start her period sometime next week.  She never looked forward to them.  The pill helped, but she would still spend the better part of the first two days at home.  
She would have to warn Max.  She didn’t want him to be surprised if he got a dose of her temper.  She smiled as she rinsed the conditioner from her hair.  She had put a few things in her overnight bag before she came over last night.  She had enjoyed wearing Max’s shirt yesterday, but she didn’t like the idea of having to wear the same clothes the next day.  Jeans were okay, but it had been a little embarrassing to wear her dress home the next morning, especially without her panties.  
She felt a strange tingle run through her and looked up to find him in the doorway watching her.  She blushed; it was really bright in here with the skylights in the ceiling.  He could probably see every freckle she had. 
He slowly removed his lounge pants along with his boxers; she loved the way they hung low on his lean hips.  His gaze held hers as he moved closer.
Max gave her a little smile, he could listen to her today, and he knew she had a feistiness about her.  He would be sure to witness it next week.  He would take care of her if she was sick.  His presence alone would make her feel better.  He felt his expression turn a little fierce as he caught the thought she just had.  She wanted to lick him all over, he could hardly wait.  
“What do you want Lily?”  He smiled again as she raised one brow at him.  “I can tell you want something, what is it?”  He said as he leaned down to kiss her.
“Will you let me touch you?”  She asked a little hesitantly, she swallowed hard as she looked up at him.  He looked so fierce right now.
“Whatever you want Lily, just do what feels right to you.” He leaned back against the tiled wall of the shower and groaned as she opened her mouth against his neck, nipping and licking his skin.  How long could he put up with this torture?  He clenched his teeth as he felt her soft hands move over him, slowly circling and teasing.
She went to her knees in front of him and looked up to meet his hooded gaze.  His eyes were so intense.  Did he really want her to do that?  She’d never touched a man there with her mouth, she had never wanted to, till now.  She looked down and took his hard length in her hands.  She leaned forward and very delicately licked the head of his penis.  She heard his moans as she continued; it was sort of like licking an ice cream cone, only yummier.  Amazingly she felt a surge of wetness between her legs, pleasuring him was turning her on too.
She started to experiment with her movements, pumping one fist like she had seen him do last night, and alternating licking and sucking as much of him inside her mouth as she could.  His moans of pleasure gave her the courage to continue, even with the blushes she knew she now sported.  His deep moans turned to growls, he must like this, she thought.  Slowly she pulled him into the back of her throat and gagged a little.  She was determined to figure this out, she wanted to please him.  She took him to the back of her mouth and swallowed hard, then pushed him in quickly; she felt the head of his penis slip into the back of her throat.  After widening her lips she was able to take about half his length.  She felt his hands move into her hair as he moved gently inside her mouth.  She moaned as she slipped one hand up to cup his heavy testes, rolling them gently.  He held her still for a few seconds and then pulled back from her.  She quickly followed trying desperately to get him back inside her mouth.
Max looked down at her startled expression when he continued to move back from her.  He didn’t want to come in her mouth; he had listened to her while she pleasured him.  Between her erotic ministrations and her thoughts he was very close, he needed to fight for control.  He didn’t think he would have lasted very long if she’d have known exactly what she was doing.  She was going to kill him at this rate; his little angel had an evil streak in her and she didn’t even know it.
“Max are you mad?” Lily sat back on her heels and looked at the floor for a second, she had been enjoying herself so much, and she had no idea what she had done wrong.
Max suddenly reached down and picked her up from the floor, his arms going around her water slickened body.  “No way, I am trying really hard not to attack you right now.” He growled against her neck. He spun them around and pinned her against the wall, the spray from the water hit him in the face, but he didn’t care, he just wanted inside her.  He reached down and pushed a finger inside her, he growled as he found her soaking wet.  He pushed her up the wall a little higher and then slowly lowered her onto his throbbing cock.  He wanted to howl as she wrapped her silky legs around his hips, tilting her pelvis towards him to take him even deeper.  
“You don’t know what you do to me, you feel so good.” He shoved his nose into her neck.  He prayed for a little control, but he felt her inner muscles clamp down on him as she moaned.
“Not half as good as you feel,” she gasped.  She tilted her pelvis just a bit more and felt her clitoris rub against the base of his penis.  “Oh…my!”
“Baby, I can’t hold back, hold onto me.  I promise…I’ll make it up to you,” he said in a rush.
She tightened around him as he pounded into her.  She felt the head of his penis touch a spot inside her, bordering between pleasure and pain.  She felt truly possessed by him, and then he hit a sweet spot and she cried out as he thrust into her faster.  “Oh, oooh… Max!”  She gasped in his ear and he growled when he felt her come apart around him.
He thrust up once more and tensed as he emptied himself inside her in pulsating bursts of pleasure.  He moaned her name as he felt his legs begin to tremble.  He lowered them slowly to the floor of the shower and then gently pulled her hair from her face.  He felt the wet strands wrap around his wrists imprisoning him.  He placed his forehead to hers as he breathed harshly.  
“Did I hurt you?” He looked into her eyes, searching her face.  Wordlessly she shook her head no as she shuddered against him.
She couldn’t believe that he didn’t bite her this time.  She had thought that would happen every time he lost control, but obviously not.
They dried each other off and Lily pulled a brush from her bag and carefully pulled it through her damp curls.  She quickly braided it and then secured it with a tie she had found in her bag.
“Max?”
He gave her a slow smile as he looked up at her; he was in the process of tying up his boots.  She felt her heart flutter in her chest, like a trapped butterfly.  Why did he affect her the way he did? She finally remembered what she was going to say and sat down next to him on the bed. “I have a few things I need to do at home today to get ready for work.  Would you like to come over for dinner tonight?”  She gave him a rueful smile.  “I realize you are used to Ellen’s cooking, I have nowhere near her skills, but I’d like to cook for you.”
Max looked at her for a second, she had initiated time together, he hadn’t used any of his influences on her other than listening to her thoughts about oral sex in the shower.  She had completely blown his mind, let alone his body.  He was still reeling, holy shit she was hot.  She really had no idea.  He had been thinking of a way to keep spending time with her and now she had given him an excellent opportunity.
“Are you going to do laundry?”  He asked.
“Ah…yeah, I have some work to do too.  Why?”
“Any lingerie? I’d be happy to help with that.”  He smiled seductively and watched her face as he pulled her panties out of his pocket.
Lily laughed and she gave him a light slap on his shoulder, grabbing her lost panties.  She felt her face flush; he had such a serious expression on his face now.  “You are so bad.”
“You’ve no idea,” his smile held unspoken promises.  “What time do you want me to come over?”
“Anytime you want, I’ll be home all day.” She took a deep breath as she felt her belly clench from his smile.
“All right, can you stay for breakfast?”
“Is Ellen cooking?”
“Yes,” he answered with one raised brow.
Lily gave him a big smile, “then I’d love to,” soft laughter followed her answer.
Max smiled again and then pulled her close for a hug.  He needed to go see his Dad.  Then he would show up at her apartment after.  Maybe they could spend the day together.  He was ready to see he apartment, see her in her own surroundings.
“I’ll leave after breakfast then,” she whispered against his neck, she felt so happy right now.
“Okay, let’s go find Ellen then, she probably already has something ready for us.”
After breakfast Max walked her to her car and kissed her goodbye, pinning her against it before he opened the door for her.  He flashed a grin when he saw her dazed expression.
He ran his thumb across her soft cheek, “I’ll see you in a little while.”  He watched as she got inside.  After he closed her door for her he backed up and watched as she drove away.
Lily drove down the long driveway and waved to the guard at the gate.  If someone would have told her she would fall in love with a great guy this weekend, she would have told them they were crazy.  She popped in a CD and Three Doors Down soon blared through the speakers, she decided to take the long way into town.  She rolled her window down and jammed all the way home.

“Dad I think I have a problem.”
“Is it Lily?”  Nathan asked.
“Sort of,” Max ran a hand through his dark hair, barely mussing it.  “I took her into the woods last night to show her the meadow.  We were followed there by a pack.   If the wind wouldn’t have shifted I would have had no idea they were there. They managed to stay downwind from me or else I’d have known sooner.”
“Really, that’s unusual, anyone you know?”
“I don’t think so, they were too far away to tell, but I knew they were there for her.”  He gave his dad a sheepish smile, “she has a very tantalizing scent when she is aroused.”
Nathan raised both his brows and then smiled.  “You weren’t messing around out in the woods were you?  Your mother would have a fit.”
Max chuckled, “no, all I did was kiss her, that’s all it takes.”
Nathan stood up and then walked around the room, deep in thought.  He had never heard of a pack doing this before.  Max had been around for a while; they obviously knew what he was, but Lily.  It had to be her they were after.  Somehow they would have to dig a little deeper into her past.
Max smiled and answered his father’s unspoken question. “I took Lily to meet Ellen last night and she said she got her red hair from her great-grandmother, who was born in France.  I guess from what she says she looks like her too.”
“Le cadeau,” Nathan said amazed.  The gift.
Max frowned as he looked at his father. “The gift, what’s that?”
“It’s a painting based on a French myth.  There is a painting that had sold in New York a year or so ago.  Our information tells us that a tall, willowy brunette bought it.”
“So that’s why you’ve been setting me up with brunettes? I don’t understand Dad.”
“Max you know you are different than the others, you can hear people’s thoughts, where most of us can only sense emotions.  You can shift at will, while others can only shift during the full moon. Your mother and I had hoped that whoever bought the painting would be your soul mate.”
Max shook his head, “that explains a lot, but what does that have to do with Lily?”
“If her great-grandmother is real, then there is truth to the myth that I was raised on.  Lily is very rare; you may have to fight the pack for her.  They don’t usually interfere with soul mates, but if she is who I think she is you‘ll have to make her yours soon.  You’ll no longer have the two years that I did with your mother.”
Nathan sat back down and looked at his son, he nodded to him. He knew he wanted more answers.  “According to legend ‘the gift’ becomes a loving mate and will breed you the ultimate male alpha, he would have all your abilities, but would be stronger and faster than any other wolf, but she would have to be yours by the full moon.”
“So how do I find out if it’s really her?”
“Legend has it that the painting is drawn to her, but we only know that she didn’t buy it.”
“Okay, what does the painting look like?”
“I don’t know that either, it’s different for every woman who’s had it. Not all were destined to be mates.  That’s why the painting is so hard to keep track of.”
Max frowned for a second, “how do you know so much about this dad?”
“I was raised on the legend; I had hoped to have her when I was your age, along with every other male my age,” he smiled.  “Then I met your mother, she was my gift, I didn’t need anyone else.”
Max smiled at his father, he knew that his parents loved each other deeply.  That was all he wanted, but now he didn’t know what to think.
“Would you die for her Max?”
“Yes,” Max didn’t hesitate with his answer. “I know she is my true mate, I would fight all who would try to take her from me.”
“Good luck son, if you need me, you know where I am.  I can’t help you fight the pack, but I can help in other ways.”
“Thanks dad,” Max said as he hugged his father and then he left to go to Lily.
It was a little after three when he arrived at her apartment.  He stopped to get her some fresh flowers on the way.  He picked up some calla lilies, he always liked the way they smelled.
Lily opened her door with a smile.  He kissed her cheek as he handed her the flowers.  He pulled back and saw the soft smile she wore as she looked at the fresh blooms and then back at him.  Ah, man, that was so worth it, just to put that look on her face.
“Oh Max, they are beautiful.  Thank you.”  She stood back to let him inside, and then she closed the door and went into the kitchen to find a vase.
Max tipped his nose into the air as he followed her, whatever she was cooking smelled great.  He couldn’t help but watch her walk in front of him.  She moved so gracefully, but at the same time, so very sexy.  She was wearing a pair of thin cotton pants that hugged her curves and the blue oversized shirt she wore looked soft and comfortable.  She glanced at him over her shoulder and he saw her blush when she realized he was checking out her ass.
“What are you cooking Lily?  It smells great.”
“Just a beef roast, it sounded good.”
“Mm, I can’t wait.  Did you get all your work done yet?”
“Almost, I have a few more chapters to read, I’m sorry, I would blow it off, but Mondays are always so hectic for me.  I’m not usually done before eight.”
“That’s late; does your building have security?”
“Some, why?”
“I’m just worried about you, that’s all.”
Lily looked at him for a second; he seemed so protective of her.  It was nice to have someone care about her other than her family.  It had been a long time since she’d had that.  
“Do you have family nearby Lily?”
She had just started to arrange her flowers in a crystal vase and she glanced at him as she answered.  “My Mom lives about a half hour away, both my sisters live on the other side of the state.  My brother lives close to my Mom so I don’t have to worry about her. I try to see them as often as I can, but I’ve been so busy lately.  One of my coworkers quit and I have been assigned her clients till they find a replacement for her.  I would have volunteered if they hadn’t offered it to me though.  I love my work, and I am the only one who isn’t married with children.  It only seemed right to take the extra work, everyone helps me out, but I still have to work part of my days off.”
“Why did she leave?”
“I’m not sure, she never said, but I think it was bad, she left in quite a hurry.  She almost seemed…scared.”
“No one ever found out why?”
She shrugged her shoulders as she looked at him.  “I know she had been seeing someone, but I don’t know for sure who it was.  She kept it pretty quiet.”  She let out a breath and she brushed her bangs out of her eyes, she needed to make an appointment with Jess.  She was going to have a cow when she found out she’d been trimming her own bangs for the last month.  “Max, do you have any work you need to do? I don’t want to be rude, but I really need to finish what I brought home.”
“Lily you don’t need to entertain me.  I have my laptop in my car.  I’ll go get it and we can just sit together.  How does that sound?”
“It sounds really nice, I like spending time with you.”
Max gave her a smile and touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers.  He enjoyed the shiver she couldn’t control; he liked how he affected her.  When he came back inside he found her sitting in an overstuffed leather chair by the window.  She had her feet tucked up under her and an afghan around her shoulders.
“I like that chair, but how can we sit in it together?” Max asked.
She smiled up at him, “something tells me that we wouldn’t get any work done if we were actually touching.  Sorry, I need an hour tops.”
He gave her a quick grin as he sat in an arm chair and opened his lap top. “I see your point.  We’ll have plenty of time for that after dinner.”
Max surprisingly was able to get a lot of work done.  He had a few mergers and acquisitions to go over for Monday.  He felt her presence; it was nice, just being around her made him happy.  He knew if he sent some sexual vibes her way that she wouldn’t be able to resist him.  Maybe he’d do that later.  He was aware of her moving around her apartment a little later, he could hear her washer and dryer running, and then she would sit back down in her chair.  She stopped by him once and set an ice water beside him as she leaned down to kiss his forehead.  Then she sighed happily as she once again sat down in her overstuffed chair.  It really was a nice chair, not conducive for work, but for play, it had a lot of possibilities.  Oh yeah, it had a lot of potential.  He felt her beside him again a while later.
“Max I hate to bother you while you are working, but dinner is ready.”
He looked up at her, he had heard her moving around again, but he had been in the middle of something.  He quickly closed his computer and stood, he stretched a little as he followed her into the kitchen.  She had a nice place, the kitchen was good sized, and they had been sitting in her office, which was cozy.  He had yet to see her living room or bedroom.  The outside of the building was deceiving, the apartments inside were more like condos.
“Everything smells really good.”
Lily flashed him a smile and then handed him a bottle of wine and an opener.  She found herself watching his hands as he expertly opened it.  She flushed thinking about what those hands could do to her.  She looked up and found him watching her.  His eyes were glittering, and her body started to quiver, recognizing the look in his eyes.
“Did you finish your work beautiful?” He asked her softly.
“Yes…I did, did you finish yours?” She answered huskily.
“I’m all caught up now, I have some notes to finish, but I don’t need them till later in the week.  I’m all yours Lily.”
Ooh, she liked the sound of that.  She gave him a smile as she made them each a plate and set them down on the table.  She heard Max’s chair protest a little as he sat down.  They were well built chairs, she wasn’t worried about that. It was just that they were hardly ever used.  It seemed like she was always alone.  She watched him as he poured her a glass of wine and then he started to cut his meat.  She couldn’t wait to have his hands on her later.  She clenched her thighs together under the table as she looked up at him.  He gave her a knowing smile and she felt heat pool inside her.  She blushed and then looked down at her plate to concentrate on her meal.
Max didn’t need to listen to her thoughts to know that she wanted him.  Her chest was flushed and she took deep breaths trying to control her breathing.  He was amused by her reaction to him.  He hadn’t sent any vibes her way at all, just being around her did it. He could tell she wanted him bad, he was curious to find out how much. He could smell her scent, there was no way she could hide it from him.  She gave him a cool look, but there was no way she could fool him.  Just knowing she was ready for him made him rock hard.
“So, what do you want to do after dinner?” He asked her innocently.
“Uh…I don’t know,” she answered huskily.  Lily tried to clear her throat a little, but it still sounded husky when she spoke again.  “We could watch a movie if you’d like.”
“What kind of movies do you have Lily?”
“All kinds, but I don’t have any westerns.”
“Good to know,” he smiled. He looked at her lips when her tongue suddenly darted out to wet them.  “I’ll look at your collection after dinner and pick something out.  I like action movies myself.”
Lily looked at him for a second, it seemed so unfair.  She was totally turned on by him, but he seemed so cool and in control.  She wondered what he’d be like if he lost it completely.
Max listened to her for a minute.  That was his biggest fear for her.  If she saw him lose control over what he really was.  It would kill him if he hurt her, or if she became afraid of him.  That was something he couldn’t allow.  If she knew what he really was that would be different.  He never wanted her to be afraid of him.  
They finished eating and Lily shoed him from the kitchen while she cleaned up.  She sent him into the living room to pick out a movie for them to watch.
She filled their wine glasses and then went to find him. He stood in the middle of the room; he stood so still, like he was waiting for something.  He hadn’t even picked out a movie yet, what was up with him?
“Max are you okay?” she asked as she approached him, she lightly touched his arm as she stopped beside him.
“I was admiring your painting.”
“It’s wonderful isn’t it,” Lily stepped past him irresistibly drawn closer to it.  “My friend Kristi bought it for me.  I’ve always loved wolves, even when I was a kid.  The weird thing is that I notice something different in it every time I look at it.”  She rubbed her arms as she stood in front of the painting.
“Like what?” He asked her curiously, he came up behind her and put his arms around her and then slowly rubbed her arms for her, as if to warm her from a chill he knew she didn’t have. He looked back up at the painting, trying to see what she saw.
“Well I only saw the white wolf at first. It’s like the painting is so dark and your eyes have to adjust to see it.  Then I saw the smaller wolf later.  Now I see pairs scattered through the painting.  I tried to do some research on it, but there isn’t any information available on it.  I can’t find out who painted it either, there is no signature on the painting anywhere.  I called the gallery that she bought it from, but they don’t remember having it there, they said they have no record of her even buying it from them.  Isn’t that weird?”
“Yep, I like it though.” he said as he moved her hair from her neck and rubbed his nose along the smooth skin he had uncovered.  He felt her shiver and he smiled, “are you cold?”
“Uh…no,” she turned in his arms and looked up at him.  “Did you decide what movie you want to watch?”
“Not yet, I’m a little busy right now,” he said into her neck, softly blowing his hot breath into the sensitive swirls of her ear.
“Would you like to stay with me tonight Max?” She asked hesitantly as she blushed.
He looked down into her beautiful blue eyes, like he would ever be able to be away from her for very long now.  This was the painting his father had talked about. Lily was ‘the gift’, just wait till his mom and dad found out.  All this time they had been looking for the wrong woman, he would bet her friend Kristi was a tall, willowy brunette.  “I’d love to stay Lily,” he gave her a sheepish smile. “I have a bag in my car; I was hoping you would ask me.”
She gave him a big smile, “why don’t you go out and get your bag and I’ll pick out a movie for us while you are gone?” She shivered again as he slowly trailed one fingertip along her jaw and down her throat, ending just shy of her cleavage.  She slowly closed her eyes as he leaned down to kiss her softly, not even realizing that she let out a soft sigh before his lips touched hers.
He went to the door with a quick smile and she moved toward the shelves that held her movies.  She was a big movie buff, she loved to read and immerse herself in a story, but she enjoyed the visual part of a movie and how close they could get to her imagination. Kristi had encouraged her to write while they were in school, but she had a hard time with it.  She knew writing wasn’t for her, but editing, she loved it.
As soon as Max left her apartment he called his father and left a message. ‘Dad, hey I can’t talk long, I’ll see you in the morning, but it’s her, Lily has the painting. I’m staying at her place tonight. I’ll come see you after she leaves for work.’ He quickly closed his phone and got his bag out of the trunk, he didn’t want to miss a single minute of being with her.

Chapter Four

Lily rolled over to shut off the alarm.  She glanced over at Max; he had turned over onto his back, effectively releasing her.  He was still asleep, snoring softly.  She smiled as she watched him, even in his sleep he growled every once in a while.  She rubbed her neck where he had bitten her last night, it was bruised and sore.  She would have to find something that would cover her neck today for work.
They had never watched the movie she had chosen, the opening credits hadn’t even finished rolling and he had her pants and shirt off.  Then she was naked and trembling in his arms as he licked every inch of her body.  He had spent quite a bit of time running the tip of his tongue around the base of her spine, just above her buttocks.  She had no idea what had intrigued him so much there, she would have to look in the mirror to see.  He hadn’t let her touch him at all.  He had finally flipped her over, she had been so ready for him; she had begged him to take her.  Only he had pushed her thighs apart with her legs over his shoulders and he had devoured her.  There was no other word for it, she had felt truly ravished.  She had been laid out for him like a sexual buffet.  After two earth shattering orgasms he had carried her boneless body to her bedroom.  He had laid her on her belly and pulled her hips up, and then he had entered her in one deep thrust.  She had cried out when he almost bottomed out inside her.  
She had been just on the edge of pleasure and pain, after she had tilted her ass towards him he was able to pump into her without pain.  He had wrapped her hair around one hand and held her in place while he pounded into her.  It was unexpected to say the least, but she had enjoyed every minute of it.  Urging him on with whimpers and moans, and begging him for release.  She could feel her body flush and her belly clenched at how wild they had been last night.  He had covered her back with his chest and whispered hot words in her ear; she couldn’t honestly remember what he’d said; only that he had turned her on even more.  Then she had felt him thrust deep once more, just as he bit her neck.  She had clamped her mouth shut to keep the scream that rose in her throat from coming out.  Her orgasm hit her and she had passed out, her last thought before blacking out had been thinking that if she would have let that scream out her neighbors would have called the police.
She quickly got out of bed and went into the kitchen to start some coffee.  Then she padded quietly back through the bedroom to take a shower.  She looked in the mirror at her neck, she was sure that he had broken the skin, but there was no mark, only faint bruises.  She slipped off the robe and stood in front of the mirror, turning slightly to look at the small of her back.  Dimples?  Oh, how embarrassing, he had been dipping his tongue into the dimples above her ass cheeks.  She hadn’t even realized they were there.  Oh, well, he seemed to enjoy them.
After turning on the taps in the shower to get the temperature just right she stepped under the hot spray.  She loved her shower, it was just the right size so it stayed warm and it had multiple heads.  She soon had her hair washed and then worked some conditioner into the long strands.  She wound it up into a clip to hold it up while she used her body wash.  The fragrance mixed with the steam, invigorating her and slowly chased the last dregs of sleep away.  She pulled the clip from her hair and stood back under the spray, watching as the suds ran down over the curves of her body to swirl into the drain.  She shut the taps off and stepped out of the steamy stall.  After toweling off she turned her blow dryer on to clear the fog from the mirror.
She slipped her robe back on and stopped by the bed to watch Max sleep for a moment.  She didn’t have the heart to wake him, even though she was surprised that he was still asleep.
She went back into the kitchen and popped a piece of bread in the toaster while she made a cup of coffee.   She stood at the counter to eat and looked out the window as the birds flew around the few flowers she had on her balcony.  She had a small feeder on the railing and pretty cardinals came every morning to see what fruit she had put out for them.  The grapefruit that she had put out yesterday was almost gone.  She absentmindedly realized that she would have to go shopping after work today, she hadn’t gone this weekend.  She smiled as she thought about how busy she had been.
She really was hoping that today wouldn’t be that busy, maybe she had gotten enough work done this weekend.  Maybe she would get lucky and actually be able to leave early.  It was wishful thinking on her part, but with the added temptation of seeing Max again, surely he would be enough motivation for her to get done early.

Lily finally sat down at her desk after a busy morning.  Her boss Mark was pleased that she had gotten so much work done over the weekend.  The latest manuscript that she was reading was from a new author.  She truly felt that she had the talent and could easily become a top author with them, with the right help and guidance.  Her stories were raw, but came with just enough of real life to almost make paranormal believable.  Some of the other editors asked for the first few chapters so they could form their own opinion. 
Mark had asked her to stay for a few minutes after their meeting had wrapped up.  They had eaten lunch while they brainstormed.  With one editor gone and her working extra there was still a lot of work to get done.
Lily was still a little surprised to be singled out.  After she had sat back down, he told her what a good job she had been doing and that everyone appreciated her stepping up and handling Tammy’s clients.  He told her she would have some new manuscripts come across her desk the next day.  She had been shocked when he told her she could leave early today.  She would be able to leave by four, much better than the eight o’clock she had planned on.  Obviously with the warning that she would probably be working late tomorrow night instead, oh well, it would be so worth it just to leave before six.
Lily shivered as the air vent blew cool air over her.  She would have to wear something heavier tomorrow.  It had gotten warmer out today and the cooling system was working hard to keep up.  Unfortunately her office always seemed to be cooler, but she dealt with it.  It was worth it though, usually during the winter her office was the warmest.  She wore a thin shell today with a matching sweater, but it still wasn’t warm enough.
She brought up her emails, at the moment her other work was caught up, if she could answer a few before four; it would be a stellar day for her.  After checking the time, she figured that two hours would give her plenty of time.  About a half hour and handful of replies later she heard a quiet knock at her door.
“Come in.”  Lily said as she looked up from the screen, her assistant came inside, at least she thought it was her.  Clara came inside and the whole upper half of her body was blocked by a huge bouquet of assorted flowers.  Holy smokes, it must be Max, he was the first man to give her flowers in a very long time.  She thought of the lilies he had gotten her yesterday, she still wondered how he had gotten such blooms on a Sunday.  They certainly hadn’t come from a convenience store.  She stood up to meet Clara, and they both sighed as Clara placed the arrangement on her desk.
“Boy Lily, you sure impressed someone.  These are beautiful; I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything so pretty.  Who’s your new beau?”  Clara asked.
Lily smiled at her; Clara was close to retiring, she had no idea what she would do without her here.  She was of course, a hopeless romantic, like herself.  “Let me make sure before I tell you.”  Lily said as she reached for the card.  She read it to herself; thank goodness it was way too personal to read out loud.  She felt a blush rush into her cheeks as she read the card.  It was hand written, she hadn’t seen Max’s writing yet, but the masculine strokes were just so sexy, she felt her belly clench just looking at the writing. ‘I missed you this morning, have dinner with me tonight.  Pick one flower and put it in your hair. I want you spread out naked for me with just one bloom behind your ear.  Max’ “It’s from Max, I met him Friday night, and we hit it off.  Oh, my God, Clara, I think I’m in love.  Can you believe it? It’s happening so fast, but I’m not afraid.  It’s like I’ve known him forever.”
“Lily, dear, I knew you’d find the right man soon.  He must be something special to have you blushing just from reading the card.  Are you sure you won’t let me read it?”  Clara teased.
“No way Clara, I already have to put up with your teasing, I don’t need to give you any more ammunition.”  Lily said saucily, and they both burst out laughing.  “I should probably call him and thank him for the flowers.”  Lily sat back behind her desk and admired the flowers.  Roses, lilies, gerbera daisies, and fresh tulips made up most of the arrangement, there were a few others she didn’t recognize.  They smelled divine.  She watched as Clara left closing the door with a girlish giggle.
Lily smiled as she pulled the business card out of her purse that Max had given her yesterday.  She sat back in her chair resting her head back as she waited breathlessly for him to answer.  Just thinking about hearing his voice was turning her on.  Oh man, she had it bad.
“Thompson.”  He answered in clipped tones.
“Max?  Uh…hi it’s Lily.  Did I catch you at a bad time?”  
“Lily,” his deep voice cut across the line and sent jolts to her belly.  “I’ve been waiting for you to call me, did you get my flowers?”
“Just now, they are lovely Max, thank you.”  She shivered as she squeezed her thighs together, man, she sounded so breathless.
“So when do you get off work?  I’ll take you to dinner.”
“Actually my boss said I could leave early today.  I have to stop and get a few groceries when I leave, but I could be ready any time after five.”  Why did her voice sound so husky?
“I’ll pick you up at five,” he paused, “will you do something for me Lily?”
His voice had gotten a seductive tone to it, irresistible, she should have known better than to say yes to him.  “Yes.”
“Wear a dress and the stockings you had on the other night.”
“All right.”
“No panties though, I want us both to think about that all through dinner.”
She gasped; shocked, scandalized that he would ask her such a thing.
“Lily,” there was an edge to his voice now.
Lily took a deep breath, “uh…okay.”   Could she sound any more slow witted?
“Good girl, I’ll see you at five then.”
Lily looked at the phone for a second, completely dazed; it took her another minute to realize that he had already hung up.  She looked at her watch as she absentmindedly hung up the phone.  How was she supposed to concentrate now?  It was a good thing she didn’t have to work late; she would have never gotten anything done.
She went back to her emails, when she didn’t find anything else that was pressing she shut down her computer for the night and started to get her things together.  She stood next to her desk and she looked at the blossoms.  The gerbera daisies were so pretty, their sunny faces seemed to smile at her.  She couldn’t help but grin looking at them.  She chose a blue calla lily; it was dark, almost purple.  She had a lovely blue dress that would be perfect for tonight.  Lily smiled to herself as she touched a few of the blooms and then walked toward the door.  She decided to leave them here.  She would spend more time here than at home this week, so at least she would get to enjoy them.  After pulling the strap of her purse over her shoulder a little more securely she told Clara good night and headed for the elevators.  
The elevator doors had just closed when another office door opened, revealing a tall man standing in its doorway.  He looked around as if searching for something.  When he noticed no one was around he tipped his nose into the air.  He had smelled that scent before, but where?  He looked down the hallway once more, using his keen nose and hearing.  Nothing out of the ordinary, he would have to make a trip around the office later when everyone left. He ran an agitated hand through his thick shaggy hair, the dark strands brushing past his shoulders.  He needed to find out who the scent belonged to, it was far to alluring to let pass by.

Max stood outside Lily’s door, he paused for a second before he knocked.  He could almost imagine her expression when he had given her his request.  What had made him ask her for that?  He had never asked a woman to do that before.  Maybe it was just to see her pretty blush all evening, with him the only one who knew what caused it.  He looked at his hand as he raised it to knock and noticed a slight tremor.  What the hell?  He wasn’t a callous youth, he knew his way around women.  So why was he so uptight all of a sudden?  He heard his inner voice answer him, ‘you miss your mate, and you can’t wait to touch her.  We can’t wait to touch her’.  This was the first time his inner wolf had ever made any comments about a woman.  That was interesting, he had no doubt that Lily would be his; evidently his wolf didn’t doubt it either.  His mouth tipped up on one side as he knocked, he took a deep breath and sensed her as she walked through her apartment to get to the door.  
Lily opened her door and could feel her heart flutter with anticipation as the door swung wider to reveal Max.  Yummy, was all she could think, he had on a dark suit with a dark blue tie, the color was close to the dress she wore now.  How perfect was that?  She swung the door wider to take in his powerful frame, and then she looked up into his eyes and felt caught.  She took a deep breath as he stepped towards her, he cupped her jaw with one hand and the other went to rest at her waist.  
“Lily breathe,” he smiled when she sucked in a breath and then he leaned down to place his lips against hers.  He had missed her, he heard the little moan that rumbled in her throat and he growled low in answer.  Man she tasted good, his inner wolf rumbled back, ‘yes she does’.
Max slowly pulled back and waited for her to open her eyes.  When she did he noticed how dark they were, he didn’t know if it was from the kiss or the blue dress that she wore.  He smiled and gently touched the lily she wore in her hair.  She looked delicate and very beautiful.
“Are you ready?”  He asked.
“Yes,” she stepped back to grab her clutch, and took her keys from a crystal dish on the hall table and then turned back to face him.
“You’re sure?” He gave her a searching look as he asked.
Lily finally realized what he was asking for; she felt the thrill yet again of having silk thigh highs on without any panties, she felt her face flush as she nodded her head.  He gave her a little smile and then took her hand as she shut the door.
Once they were outside Max guided her towards a sleek Mercedes.  “Wow, how many vehicles do you have Max?”
He gave her a boyish smile as he opened her door for her.  “Ten total, I don’t get to drive them all as much as I’d like.  This one is my work car.  The one I drove you home in the other day was my Aston Martin.  Once you’ve ridden in them all you can tell me which one you like the best.”
“Which one is your favorite?” Lily asked as she settled into her seat, she pulled her skirt down when she noticed it had crept up her thighs.  She could just make out the lacy bands that held her stockings up.  She looked up and realized Max’s eyes were locked on her thighs.  She took a deep breath and shivered when he slowly raised his hot gaze up her body till it reached her eyes.  He gave her a sexy smile as he closed her door and then he walked around to his side of the car and slid behind the wheel.  He glanced down at her thighs once more and then started the engine.
“My Ferrari, that one is my favorite.  Have you been to the new French restaurant in the city yet?”
“No, I haven’t, I heard it’s impossible to get a reservation there, my boss tried to get one a few months before his anniversary and he was put on a waiting list.  Have you been there yet?”
“A few times, that’s where we are going tonight.”
“Really, what time is our reservation?”
“We don’t need one.”  He smiled as he reached over and placed his hand on her thigh.  He idly stroked his hand from her knee to the hem of her dress.  “So how does it feel?”
Lily’s forehead creased in confusion, what was he talking about?  “How does what feel?”
“Not wearing any panties, do you feel naughty Lily?”
“Uh…um, my God Max, I don’t know how to answer that question.”  Lily put both her hands up to her cheeks.  She thought he would just look at her and make her think about it, not actually want to talk about it.
“Never mind…you can tell me later when I take that dress off you.”  He said as he lazily trailed one finger up to the top of her stockings.
Lily leaned her head back and put one hand on the door handle clutching it like a lifeline and rested the other over her eyes as she slowly relaxed and opened her legs for him.  Waiting breathlessly for him to touch her, he didn’t make her wait long.  He slid his hand slowly up until he reached her damp cleft; he gently dipped one finger inside her and pulled his hand free.  She looked over at him and moaned as he stuck the moistened digit into his mouth, licking the pad of his finger clean.
“You taste delicious Lily.”
“Oh…my God,” Lily sighed as she closed her eyes and pressed her thighs together.
Max chuckled and placed his hand back on her knee and gently squeezed.  “Don’t pass out on me baby, I have to feed you first.”
Lily looked at him again, unsure of what to say.  No one had ever talked to her like this before; he was way out of her league.  She just didn’t have the experience to know how to deal with him.  Quit overthinking things Lily, she told herself, you know what you want, just let it happen, for once trust your heart, your body already knows him.
Max listened to her while she was quiet, he couldn’t help but tease her.  She looked like she was completely scandalized.  How would she act if he used his influences on her?  Would she break through her uncertainty and take a little control? He wondered if he should try a little domination with her.  She was ready for him right now, ripe and juicy, like succulent fruit, just begging to be picked.
He pulled up to the elite restaurant and the valet came around to collect his keys.
“Hello Mr. Thompson.”
“Hello Jim.”  Max said as he came around to collect Lily.  He opened her door and held his hand out to help her from the car.  He smiled as she squeezed her knees together as she turned in her seat.  She maneuvered out of the car successfully and then stood beside him.  He pulled her close to his side and put his arm around her waist.
Lily watched as Max chatted with the valet.  They obviously knew him.  The maître de smiled and nodded his head as he greeted them.  “Right this way Mr. Thompson.”  She noticed the curious stares from the people who were waiting in line to be seated.
They were shown to a private booth on the second level.  The waiter came up right away with water and a bottle of champagne.  Max conversed with him in French and then he left, quickly pulling the ties on the curtains and the cozy booth darkened.  There was a small light on the wall and a candle on the table.
“I hope you don’t mind, but I ordered for you.”
“No, I don’t mind.  How did you walk right in without a reservation?”
“I know the owner.”
“Oh, you must be close to get a nice table on such short notice.”
“You could say that.” Max didn’t elaborate, he owned the restaurant.  He didn’t like to brag, but more importantly some people acted differently around him when they found out how rich he was.  Sure his house was beautiful, but he could afford a much larger one.  He had a private bungalow in the Caribbean, and a remote cabin in the Rocky Mountains, well not a cabin, it was about the same size as his house here.  He had a feeling that Lily didn’t care about money.  He had talked to her boss Mark today, she had been offered a few other jobs that would have paid her a lot more, but she went to work for him because she loved it.  He had met Mark a few times for business.  He would have to make sure that he and his wife got reservations here for their anniversary this year.  It was worth it since he had let Lily off early tonight.  He had a meeting tomorrow night, so if she had to work late then he could see her afterwards.
Lily frowned as she felt Max withdraw from her a little.  She moved the extra few inches that separated them and put her hand on his under the table.  He looked at her and his gray eyes caught the light from the candle just right and they glowed.
“I missed you this morning,” Max said as he leaned towards her slowly, he gently kissed her cheek and then left little kisses along her jaw, working his way to her open lips.  He took her mouth expertly, gliding his tongue over hers, tasting her flavors.
“I didn’t have the heart to wake you, you were sleeping so soundly.” Lily answered as he pulled back to nibble on her ear, and gasped as he opened his mouth along her throat.  He reached one hand up to hold the back of her head and then he worked his way back up to lick into her mouth.  He gently sucked on her bottom lip and then nipped it lightly.  Lily felt like she was a jumble of nerves, was he going to drive her crazy all night?  First in the car and now this, oh, who cares, it didn’t matter as long as he kept touching her. It just felt so right, like the earth was off its axis and now it was finally righted.  She darted her tongue out to touch his as he leaned back, moaning softly as she ran one hand into his hair and pulled on the longer strands.
Max pulled back and ran his thumb along her quivering bottom lip.  He smiled and then glanced up a second before the waiter came inside the small room to their booth.  It was easy to forget where they were, he had a one track mind where Lily was concerned, but he wanted to at least show her that he could be civilized.
Lily leaned back as the waiter placed a beautiful dish in front of her.  There were thick slices of beef, done medium rare, long asparagus spears with a creamy sauce drizzled on them, and fingerling potatoes.  It looked and smelled wonderful.  She took a bite of the tender meat and let out a small moan, man this was so good.  She looked up at Max and noticed that he was watching her.  She smiled, “this is really good.”
He gave her a slow smile in return before he started on his own plate.  The waiter refilled their glasses, but Max shook his head no; one glass of champagne was plenty for him.  He didn’t mind if Lily had more though, he’d like to see what she was like when she was tipsy.  He had a feeling she would be even sexier than she was now.  When she was almost done with her meal he casually moved one hand down and placed it on the top of her thigh.  He tapped his finger idly against the hem of her dress, making it seem like he was deep in thought.  He picked up his glass of water and took a few sips before finishing his meal.  He felt her relax again after a few minutes and her legs slowly opened again.
He leaned down to whisper in her ear.  “Open your legs a little wider honey.”
Lily looked straight ahead, she picked up her glass of champagne and drank half of it, and then she opened her legs wider and tipped the glass to finish it off.  She heard Max whisper good girl to her and then his hand was cupping her mound.  She felt his smile as he kissed her cheek, his deep voice rumbled in her ear as he started to run his finger along her slick cleft.  She leaned her head back against the seat and closed her eyes as he placed his wet fingertip against her clitoris.  She’d never done anything like this before.  She vaguely realized that he had refilled her glass and she quickly reached for it and downed the contents.  He chuckled softly in her ear and removed his hand. 
Max waited for Lily to open her eyes, he could tell she was close.  Slowly she opened her pretty blue eyes, they were smoky with desire, and he turned towards her and reached up to hold her head with his left hand and then reached down and thrust a finger inside her with his right hand.  He took her mouth with delicious abandon and slowly massaged her clitoris with his wet finger.  She bucked against him and opened her mouth wider as he captured her moans inside his own mouth.  He opened his mind to listen to her. ‘oh…so close…just a little faster…oh, hmmmm, oh Max…please’ suddenly she stiffened and her legs spread wider under the table, he held her head a little tighter as she whimpered into his mouth as an orgasm ran through her.
“Would you like some dessert Lily?” Max asked as he leaned back from her.  He saw her flushed face and the sheen of perspiration on her skin.  Man he couldn’t wait to be inside her.  He watched as she visibly swallowed.
“Uh…how about we go to my place and you can be my dessert?”  Lily looked up at him as she licked her lips and gave him a slow seductive smile.
“Check please,” Max said towards the curtains.
Lily noticed the curtains move the slightest bit and felt a blush rise into her cheeks.  She didn’t know that the waiter was so close, did he hear her?
“Don’t worry Lily, no one heard you, the speaker for the music is louder just by the curtains and the booth dulls the sounds inside them.” He noticed her look of suspicion and gave her a small smile.  “It’s more for privacy so no one can hear business meetings, I must say though, Lily, I like the way you think.”

Chapter Five

They arrived at Lily’s apartment a little later.  Max had her lean her seat back a bit and then he continued to stroke her cleft while he drove, driving her crazy while he maneuvered the sporty sedan with skill.  They barely cleared the door when Max lifted her against it.  He pressed his massive erection against her as he took her mouth again and again.  He reached both his hands under her dress and grabbed her smooth ass cheeks.  He growled as he lifted her up a little higher and she wrapped her legs around him.  He pulled back and ran one hand from her cheek down to her throat and then ran his thumb across the rigid peak of one breast.  He could feel it through the light jersey dress she wore.  He watched as she tried to pump her hips against him and made needy little noises.
He reached up and slipped the dress off her shoulders and let it hang around her hips, and then he unclasped the front closure of her satin bra and pulled the straps over her shoulders, effectively trapping her arms at her sides. 
Lily tried to shrug her bra off, but felt Max take both her hands in one of his and he held them behind her back.  He pushed away from the wall and made his way into her bedroom.  He grabbed a sheer scarf from her dresser as he made his way to the bed.  After laying her down on the bed he pulled her dress off her hips and freed her from her bra.  She reached for the top band of one stocking to take them off, but he stayed her hands.  She looked up at him questioningly but he just shook his finger at her.  He stepped back and pulled the scarf through his hands as he looked at her spread out for him.  It was just like he said he’d wanted her, naked with just a flower in her hair.
“Do you trust me Lily?”
She nodded her head yes and swallowed hard; she didn’t recognize the look on his face.  His face was dark with barely held restraint.  She shivered as he lashed her with the sheer scarf and then let it trail down over her breasts and then lightly touched her thighs.
He held the scarf taught between his hands and leaned towards her.  “Put your hands together Lily.”  He smiled as she obeyed with dazed eyes.  “Lily I want you to think of a word for me, something that would be easy for you to remember.  If you get scared and you want me to stop, you just use your safe word and I will stop immediately.  Do you understand Lily?  I can’t go any further unless you understand.”
Lily leaned forward and kissed him placing her hands together against his chin to give him a sweet kiss.  “I understand Max, I’ve never done anything like this before, but I trust you.  I know you’d never hurt me.”  She put her wrists together in front of him and waited, when she looked up and saw that he still wanted something from her, she remembered her safe word.  She gave him a small smile as she looked at him from beneath her lashes. “Wolf.”
Max enjoyed the kiss she gave him and waited to hear her safe word, as soon as she said it he stilled.  He looked into her eyes as she lay back down on the bed.  He saw trust in her eyes, but something else was there too.  Did she somehow guess what he really was? No, that wasn’t it; she looked like a student who was anxiously waiting for her next lesson.  He gave her a wolfish smile after she stretched out for him and he enjoyed the shudder that ran through her as he tied her hands together, and then he moved her arms above her head.
“Hold onto the headboard Lily, and don’t let go until I tell you.  Oh no, don’t close your eyes, I want you to watch what I do to you.”  He let out a soft chuckle when he saw her swallow hard.  Slowly he ran his hands down the outside of her legs all the way down to her ankles.  Then he pushed her legs apart so her knees pushed out and her sex was wide open to his gaze.  He ran one fingertip gently down her cleft and smiled when she arched her hips towards him when he pushed a finger inside her.  She let out a small moan and started to close her eyes, and then they popped back open when she remembered his order.  “Good girl, do you know what I see when you are like this?”  He smiled as she shook her head no and her face flushed.  “You look like a flower that is just beginning to open; you also give off the most delicious scent.”  He slowly placed his finger into his mouth and sucked her juices off it.  He smiled again as she moaned louder, unable to look away from him.  “You taste like honey, with something else, I haven’t decided what it is yet, but I have all night to figure it out.”
“Oh…my…God,” Lily squirmed on the sheets waiting eagerly for him to finish her off.  She’d been ready since they were in the car, but he was in no hurry.  So unlike the other times they had been together, he’d never made her wait this long.  “Please…Max… I want you.” 
“I know baby, soon, just let me play with you a little while longer.” He kept his eyes on hers as he lowered his big body between her legs, and then he slid his tongue along her cleft.  He stuck his tongue inside her and growled when a new rush of moisture met the tip.  He moved slowly up to her clitoris, drawing on it gently, and then slowly circling around it.  It hardened instantly beneath his tongue; he closed his eyes and let her see his pleasure as he licked and sucked on her hot flesh.  He could feel her body quivering, right on the edge, and then he pushed two fingers inside her greedy channel and sucked harder on her tender nub, opening his eyes and watching her as an orgasm rolled through her body.  She shuddered and arched against him, calling his name out as her gaze went blind. 
Lily laid there unable to move as she felt her whole body go lax.  Oh my, that had been so good, it was almost sinful how wonderful he made her feel.  “Is it my turn yet?”
Max slowly shook his head, “oh no baby, I don’t have the restraint to let you try tonight, maybe another time.  You are so ready for me now.” He scooted back off the bed and slowly undressed, he watched her face and listened to her thoughts as he bared himself to her.  For once she didn’t blush as she looked at his cock.  He was hard as stone right now, he felt it bob as he moved over her.  He leaned down and lined his shaft up with her entrance.  He pushed inside her, feeling her tender tissues caress him, gradually letting him inside and then clenching down on him like a fist.  He growled low in his throat and reached up to pull her arms over his head.  She was still tied but now he had full access to her throat and neck.  He wrapped one arm around her bottom tilting her hips so he could drive deeper inside her.
Suddenly he pulled out and noticed the surprised look on her face as he flipped her over and quickly pulled her hips up.  He thrust back in not missing a stroke.  He heard her gasping as he pounded into her.  He reached down to grab her hips and let his thumbs gently stroke the dimples at the base of her spine.  He felt her body start to quiver again, instinctively knowing that she was close again.  He reached one hand under her to rub her clit with steady pressure, it didn’t take her long and she came, her body clamping down on his shaft.  He hissed as he rode out her climax.  When she finally relaxed he grabbed her hips again and then pulled her upper body against his chest, pulling her tied hands behind his head, forcing her body to arch back against his.  He moved her hair off her neck with one hand, running his open mouth along the smooth skin there.  He wrapped his arm around her waist, steadily pumping into her, he felt his teeth grow longer and then he bit lightly into her neck as he came in hot pulsing bursts.  Gently he licked her neck making sure the wound was closed before he let her down onto the bed.
Slowly he let her down, untying her hands and gently rubbing her wrists.  There were no marks on her skin, but he just wanted to soothe her.  “Lily, are you okay honey?  I thought you might use your safe word, but you didn’t.  I hope that I didn’t hurt you.”  He turned her over so he could look at her face.
Lily let out a sigh, “I’m okay,” she said shakily.  “I don’t think I have to work out this week, you are wearing me out.”
Max chuckled as he pulled her closer, he hauled her into his arms as he rolled onto his back.  She ended in a boneless sprawl across his chest and abdomen.  He gave her a little hmm of appreciation when she slowly ran her hand up and down his side.  He lifted her head for a gentle kiss.  He felt his cock begin to stir again.  He had just had great sex and he wanted her again.  Slowly he ran one fingertip along her jaw; he smiled when she opened heavy eyes to look at him.  With his other hand he stroked her backside down to her stockings, and then he quickly pulled one band back so it snapped against her skin.  He laughed as she jumped in shock.  That seemed to wake her up a bit.
“Max, what was that for?”  Lily demanded, she gasped as he swatted her butt, it hadn’t hurt, not really, she felt her body flush as she sat back on her heels and gave him an exasperated look.
“I thought we were still playing, do you want to safe word me?”  Max asked her, he felt an evil smile hit his lips as she looked at him.
“Uh…I didn’t know…I thought we were done.” Lily looked at him, she felt so confused right now.  She’d never been spanked before; she felt a shiver run through her as she looked at Max’s hands.  Oh, the things this man could do to her.  She raised her gaze to meet his and felt her mouth drop when she saw the carnal smile on his face, and then she quickly gave him a blank look.
“You’ve been a bad girl Lily; did I say you could move?  I remember telling you to keep your eyes open too.” Max grinned at her, it wasn’t fair; he knew she was aroused right now, even thought she was trying to give him a cool stare.  “Do you want to be spanked Lily?”  He quickly reached for her and delighted in her squeal, before she had a chance to think about it, he had her over his thighs on the edge of the bed.  He gently stroked her bottom, and then he moved one hand down to her drenched sex and thrust one finger inside her.  He relished her moan as he watched the muscles in her ass clench and relax.
Lily couldn’t believe what was happening.  She’d had quite a few orgasms already and her body was primed for another. What was he doing?  She didn’t know what to expect.  She had thought he would start to spank her right away, but it seemed like he had other ideas.  She glanced towards him and he smacked her bottom as he told her to hold still, oh she felt that, she also felt him place another finger inside her.  She arched her back to move against him and he quickly smacked her again.  Each one was a bit harder; she could feel her bottom heating up.  She tried to stay perfectly still, but she could feel another orgasm building.  What the hell?  How?  Oh…he curved his fingers inside her, touching a spot only he knew, and then he smacked her bottom again and again.  The spanking and his thrusting fingers pushed her over the edge and she screamed in release, muffling her cry into the sheets.  Oh my, that was marvelous.  Who knew?  She’d never experienced anything like that before.  She felt so sated now; she didn’t care what he did to her now.
Max pulled her up onto his lap; he kissed the sides of her mouth and felt them curve into a smile.  “I knew you’d like that, I know your body so well now.  It tells me what you want before you even know.  You were made for me Lily, can you feel it?”
“Yes…I can,” she sighed as she laid her head on his chest, nuzzling his smooth skin.
“I want you to ride me Lily.”
“What?”
Max held her as he lay back down on the bed, and then he rolled them until they were in the center of the bed.  She struggled to sit up and blushed when she noticed how hard he was.  Max pulled her closer and rubbed his erection against her.
“It’s your turn to do the work, straddle my waist and put me inside you Lily.” He laid back and put his hands behind his head.  “Ride me,” he demanded.
Lily looked down at him as she sat up on his stomach, she could feel his erection rubbing between her ass cheeks.  Could she do this?  She made up her mind, she would do this for him, kind of like the blow job the other day, she was smart, she could figure out how to please him.  Setting her mouth with determination she slowly moved, rubbing her body against him, using her breasts, her hands and flexing her feet slowly running them under his muscled thighs.
After a few minutes, she realized it was turning her on too, having her way with his body.  She leveraged her hands against the hard muscles of his chest and rose up on her knees, needing to get higher to accommodate the length of his penis.  She felt the soft tip of his shaft rub her clit when she rose higher to take him in moaning at the contact.  She reached back and lined him up with her entrance and sank down on him.  Shudders immediately wracked her body; their new position was touching spots deep inside her, like when he had taken her from behind earlier, he had been so deep.  She felt a touch of pain as he reached the end of her, surely the head of his penis must be battering at the door to her cervix, hungry for her womb. 
Max listened to her as she climbed on top of him.  He wasn’t sure if she was going to go through with it until; she got that look, just like she had in his bathroom the other day.  Sure enough she was thinking of when she had blown him so beautifully.  He clenched his teeth when she started to sink down on him, this position made him go deeper than before, she had yet to take him to the root.  He looked up at her sternly before he egged her on.  “Take it all Lily, you can do it.”
She looked at him uncertainly, “what if it hurts?” She whispered.
“What if it doesn’t?  Lean back and arch your back, and then let go.” He reached up to hold her hips as he directed her.  He wanted to see her face when she had him completely sheathed. She did exactly as he told her and he felt her move down on him, taking him to the root and he could feel her clit pulsing as he bottomed out.  Her head fell back on her shoulders and she let out a throaty moan that he answered.  He reached up and squeezed her breasts and she tipped her head down a bit to look at him and he knew he had a stupid smile on his face.  She looked like she was in heaven.
Ok, Lily thought, I can do this.  She had been worried that it would hurt too much, but she just had to have the right angle.  She braced her hands on his hard thighs and started to move, slowly up and down at first and then she added some undulations, rubbing her clit against the base of his penis.  Ooh, that feels so good.  She felt Max moving his hands all over her, evidently he liked this position.  All her intimate parts were front and center.  She looked down at him again, moaning softly as she hit a good spot.  He had a carnal expression on his face; he looked like he was in ecstasy. Oh, right there, yeah that’s it.  She hit it again and clenched against him, oh yeah, that’s it.  Max suddenly pushed up into her raising her off the bed, she looked down at him in surprise.  What was he after now?
“What do you want Max?”
“I’m getting what I want right now.  I was just reminding you to look at me, don’t close your eyes. I want to see your face as you ride me.”  Suddenly he sat up and faced her and then he grabbed her nape and kissed her hard.  “Ride me, quit thinking and just ride me!”
Man he was starting to piss her off, she had been so close and he had stopped her. She rose up on him and let her weight carry her back down; she alternately squeezed and relaxed her inner muscles around him.  She heard the groans and growls he released and she looked down at him triumphantly, obviously she was doing something right.  Oh, she felt him place his thumb against her clit and he applied pressure as she rode him hard.  Oh yeah, that’s it.  She raised her arms up above her head, her elbows pointing towards the ceiling as she looked down at him and exploded around him.  He grabbed her hips and powered up inside her again and again.  Pulling her down to meet his thrusts, he growled low in his throat and shouted out her name.  He tensed as he emptied inside her, and she swore she could feel the hot jets reaching up deep into her body.  She collapsed on top of him and he rolled, pushing into her again once she was under him.  He kissed her fiercely and then latched onto a breast to pull it deep in his mouth and she could feel her channel clench around him again and again. 
He rolled to his side as he pulled out of her, and slowly rubbed her arms and her back, soothing her with his touch. “I have a meeting tomorrow evening, can I see you afterwards?”
“I will probably be working late too, but yes I would like to see you.  Do you want to meet me here?  It’s closer than your house is.”
“That sounds good, text me and let me know what time you’ll be done.”
“Okay,” she hesitated before asking, “do you have to leave, or can you stay with me tonight?”
“I’m not going anywhere Lily,” Max said as she relaxed against him again. “You were perfect you know, you are every fantasy of mine rolled into one hot package.”
Lily giggled as she looked up at him as he leaned over her. “You are rotten, you know? I’m going to have a permanent blush on my face for days.”
“Just as long as you remember how it got there, I like when you blush.  It tells me how hot you are for me.”  Lily laughed again, screeching when he started to tickle her.  “Oh, you’re ticklish?  That’s great, I love to tickle people.”
“Max stop,” Lily tried to be stern and spoiled it with a laugh when he gave her a boyish smile; he looked so pleased with himself.
“Okay, I’ll quit, you’re getting tired aren’t you?” Max asked her.
Lily stifled a yawn as she rolled away from him. “It’s late; I’ll be right back, do you need anything, a drink of water maybe before we go to sleep?” He shook his head no and she went into the bathroom and quietly closed the door.  She had to take her pill before she forgot.  She glanced in the mirror as she brushed her teeth and noticed the flush in her cheeks and chest.  Her expression was very satisfied.  She’d never had so much great sex before, this time had been a little scary for her, but she had pushed past the fear.  She was glad she had too; it had been so worth it.  She turned off the light and hopped into bed, completely forgetting that she was afraid of the dark as she snuggled back into Max’s arms.

Lily reached over and shut the alarm off, she had hit the snooze a couple of times already. Each time she had snuggled back up to Max, she groaned as she sat up and rubbed her face.  She looked down at Max as he rolled over; she had no idea what time he needed to be to work.  She would love nothing more than to spend the day in bed with him.  She pulled her robe up over her shoulders and padded into the kitchen to make coffee.  After it started brewing she went in to take a shower.  She glanced in the mirror at the bruises on her neck, she touched it gingerly, it was pretty sore.  She would have to ask Max about that, he didn’t bite her every time they had sex, and when he did he seemed very controlled, like he was conscious of what he was doing.  She had just started to recover her senses last night after another earth shattering orgasm when she knew he was going to bite her.
She quickly showered; she was going to be running late since she didn’t get up at her regular time. She twisted her damp hair into a clip and fixed her bangs.  After putting on a little makeup she went into her closet to decide what to wear.  It was supposed to be warm out today, so that meant her office would be freezing cold.  She opted for a summer dress with a chemise underneath, it was light blue with small flowered designs embroidered through it, then she pulled a light green sweater from the shelf, yes this would match nicely.  She could keep her neck covered with the sweater.  This would be perfect. She put on a pair of heels to complete the outfit.  She stopped by the bed and leaned down to push a few dark strands of hair off Max’s forehead.  She was rewarded when he opened his eyes and gave her a sleepy smile.
He looked at the clock and then looked up at her, taking in her dress and the sweater she had over her arm.  “You look pretty, I’m sorry I slept through the alarm.  Are you leaving soon?”
“I made some coffee, so help yourself to anything you want.  I hit the snooze a couple of times today, so I am running late.  I’m sorry I woke you, but I couldn’t resist giving you a kiss before I left.” Lily leaned down and gently kissed his cheek, and then ran a slim finger along his jaw, rubbing the whiskers that had grown there during the night.  “I’ll let you know when I’ll be done today.” He gave her another sweet smile and she left for work.
Lily pushed her sunglasses onto her nose and pulled her sweater on as she walked out to her car.  It was still early and no one was about yet.  She set her travel mug in the cup holder and started the car.  She smiled to herself as she maneuvered the car out of the parking area and headed towards town.  How had she gotten so lucky?  Max was so perfect, he was a wonderful man, and she was beginning to hope that they would have some kind of future together.  Her inner voice was all too quiet; it was usually telling her to wait for the other shoe to drop, since it always did where her relationships were concerned.  Maybe that was a good sign that it was silent about Max.

Although Max would have liked to lie in her bed for a little while longer he got up and used the bathroom.  He threw on his clothes and grabbed a cup of coffee; he had found out yesterday that Lily made great coffee.  He grabbed his things and shut the coffee maker off, taking the mug with him, he knew she wouldn’t mind.  He couldn’t believe how much he had slept the last two nights.  What was the deal with that?  He couldn’t ever remember sleeping that long before.
He needed to stop by and see his father at the club, he had texted him yesterday, but he had been out of town.  He would be at the club today; he knew he’d be there already.  His father met him by the door and then they went into his office so they could talk in private.  His father was ecstatic about Lily.  He warned him again about keeping her safe.  The full moon was just two days away, she would have to turn by then, it was extremely important that he would bite her twice more.
Max went home to shower and then left to head to the office.  He would text Lily later, but first he stopped at the jewelers.  He wanted to surprise her at work, so he spent his time picking out a platinum bracelet with little sapphires, the piece would look beautiful on her delicate wrist.  He had it delivered to her with a message; he wanted to make love to her tonight, her only adornment would be this bracelet.  He smiled as he thought about the blush that would touch her cheeks while she read his note.

Lily pulled her sweater from her chest and flapped the material against her skin.  It was just her luck that the air conditioner went out today.  It was unseasonably hot and the air in the building was stifling.  She had opened a window in her office, but she had been stuck in meetings all day, even with the fans running it was still quite warm.  There was no way she could take off her sweater with the bruises on her neck.
Finally her last meeting came to an end and she was able to go back to her own office.  She found a smiling Clara by her door holding a long box with a silver bow attached to it.  She knew it was from Max.  She couldn’t help the sigh that left her as she took the gift from Clara.  She opened it and they both gasped when they saw the beautiful bracelet that lay in the silk lining.
“Oh, my Lily, it seems that someone is quite taken with you.” Clara said. “Are you going to tell me what the note says today?” She watched Lily’s face intently as she read her note, when she blushed becomingly she shook her head; she obviously wasn’t going to read it to her.  “Here Lily, let me help you with that,” she took the bracelet from her and attached the clasp around her wrist.  “Lily it is absolutely stunning, this must have set him back a pretty penny, between the flowers and this jewelry, you sure are lucky.” 
“Oh Clara, I think that I’m in love.”
“I’m not surprised, when do I get to meet the lucky fellow?”
“Soon, I hope.  Let me call him and thank him and then I have to get back to work.  At least there is a breeze in here; the rest of the building is so warm.”
“I was wondering why you were wearing such a heavy sweater; I know it’s usually freezing in here.”  She watched as Lily pulled the sweater back to show her the delicate bodice of her dress, it had a built in shell but she only had a thin chemise underneath.
Lily blushed when Clara nodded in understanding. “I wanted to look nice when I see Max tonight.  If it didn’t have the spaghetti straps I could go without the sweater…but.”
“I understand Lily.  I’ll be leaving in just a few minutes unless you need anything?’
“No Clara, I have a few more things to do before I leave.  Can you close the door for me?  Maybe I can get the room to cool down a bit with the window open.”
Lily leaned down to smell her flowers, and a light breeze came through the window and Max’s hand written note fluttered out of her hand and to the floor.  She bent down to pick it up and noticed a pair of polished men’s shoes come into view.  Obviously Clara hadn’t shut her door yet.  She looked up and saw Luke standing in her door way looking at her flowers.
“Someone likes you, huh Lily?” he said to her.
Lily blushed as she slipped the note into the pocket of her skirt and she rose gracefully to her feet.  “Hello Luke,” she said coolly.  “What brings you to my office today?” She went to sit behind her desk, he always made her nervous.  She heard that he had chased Tammy around, but since she had left he seemed to be searching for someone new.  She wondered if he was the reason she had left.  He had asked her out, but she had politely declined.  There was just something about him that she didn’t trust.
“I was wondering if you would have dinner with me tonight.” He leaned one lean hip against her desk as he came around towards her.
Lily didn’t like the little smile that played on his lips.  She looked up at him, hating the way he stood over her, like he was trying to intimidate her.  “No thank you, I already have plans, besides I told you before I don’t date anyone I work with.”
Luke’s nostrils flared a bit when she looked down at some papers, dismissing him.  She continued to say no to him, he wasn’t happy about being shot down again.  He had thought he found the woman who had intrigued him yesterday.  He thought it was Lily, but she was always so cool to him there was no way he could tell right now.  If she was aroused, he would know for sure.  His ego made him think he could get her aroused easily, but he couldn’t do that with witnesses around.
He gave her a curt nod and walked out of her office.  He’d come back later, maybe he could change her mind then. His senses got stronger closer to the full moon.  He would be more irresistible later on. He smiled at Clara as she walked past him with a haughty look and she closed Lily’s door after she said goodnight to her. He hid an evil smile as he went back to his office to wait.
Lily called Max and waited anxiously for him to answer; after she had gotten his voice mail she remembered that he’d said he had a late meeting.  ‘Hi Max, I just wanted to call you and tell you thank you for the bracelet, it’s lovely. I’m not used to anyone spending so much money on me; it’s not that I don’t love the flowers and the gift.  Oh God, I’m making this worse, anyway, I should be home around eight o’clock, if I’ll be later I’ll text you…bye.’
She could hear a few voices of other workers as they headed to the elevator.  She tugged her sweater from her shoulders and moved her desk chair by the window.  She wouldn’t have to be worried about being interrupted now.  She opened some crackers to nibble on along with a small container of nuts, and a bottle of water she had taken from one of her meetings today.
She settled down to continue the manuscript she had started earlier today, this story was about vampires and she thought it would make an excellent series.  She wanted to be able to pitch it at their meeting next week.  If she could get two winning authors in a row, she would really be pumped.
It was a little after six, she took her shoes off and let her hair down.  She knew now that everyone else would be gone.  She idly stroked the bracelet and thought of Max’s note.  She imagined his hands as they roamed over her skin and couldn’t help the rush of moisture that dampened her panties.  She picked up the manuscript and forced herself to read. At least she only had a few chapters left, and then she could work on her notes for her other projects for the next day’s meeting.
When she finally finished her notes she moved her chair back behind her desk and closed the window.  It had finally cooled off in her office, and then suddenly a strong gust of wind blew through the window before she could close it.  It threatened to send her notes across the room, but she caught them.
Her office door suddenly slammed open startling her.  Luke stood in the door way and caught the door as it bounced off the wall.  She could swear his eyes were glowing and he was breathing hard and he somehow seemed larger than he had before.
“Lily, you’ve been a bad girl haven’t you?” He gave her a nasty smile as he gestured toward her neck and he prowled into her office.  He could smell her from down the hall.  Her scent was stronger in this room.  It had been faint a little while ago, but he had gotten it full blast when the wind had blown over her body.  He saw the bite marks on her neck, he had gotten her scent the other night in the woods, but it had been masked quickly, him and his friends had searched for her, but were unable to find her.  Today was his lucky day.
“Luke, what the hell, you scared me half to death,” Lily quickly grabbed her sweater trying to pull it on as he stalked her around the room.  “What the hell are you doing here? Get out of my office!” She pointed with her finger and then struggled with the opening of the arm of her sweater; blast it was inside out, what the hell.  She didn’t need this.  He cornered her and then leaned down to sniff her neck.  She pushed him back, “Luke I’d like you to leave now,” she started shaking, he was so big, he towered over her petite frame, he wasn’t as big as Max, she thought vaguely, but there was no way she could fight him if he tried to do something. 
“I have something for you Lily”, he gave her another smile as he grabbed her and placed a cloth over her mouth, she screamed, but not before he had a hold of her.  She struggled mightily against him and he felt his body harden, she would be a fighter, and he couldn’t wait.  He watched her face as she hit his chest and arms.  “Your feisty Lily, that pleases me, I enjoy a challenge.” He watched her eyes as they fluttered closed and then picked her up and threw her over his shoulder.  He made his way through the abandoned offices and pulled his cell phone from his pocket to call his friend Sam.
“Hey man, get the guys together for me; you’ll never guess what I found.” He chuckled as he listened to his friend’s voice.  “Remember the delicious bitch we searched for the other night? Yep, I found her, right here in my fucking office…yeah I’ll meet you there.”

Chapter Six

Max stood outside Lily’s apartment building, it was about twenty minutes after eight and she wasn’t here yet.  He had called her twice, but it went straight to voicemail.  He remembered his father’s warning today about keeping her safe.  Had something happened to her?  He knew deep down that something was wrong.  He climbed back into his car and the tires squealed as he put the gas pedal to the floor.  It took him less than ten minutes to arrive at her building.  He jumped out of the car and approached the security guard, after talking to him for a few minutes; he acknowledged that he hadn’t seen her.
Max looked at him and used every one of his influences to get the guard to cooperate with him.  “We need to go check on her, she was supposed to meet me and she isn’t answering her phone.  She worked late tonight, but she promised to call if she would be later than eight.”
The guard was nodding and let him by as he talked to him.  He told him he would take him up to her floor right away.  When they got there everything was eerily quiet and the lights were still on in her office.  Her purse was by her desk and there were papers scattered all over the floor.
Max knew something was seriously wrong, he could smell her scent and also the man that took her.  He could smell his lust lingering in the air, and he felt his wolf come to the surface when he smelled her fear mixed in.  He turned back to the guard who was standing in the doorway, not quite understanding what was going on.  “Is there another way out of this building?”
“There is another way down to the parking garage that isn’t on camera, but she never goes down that way.”
“Show me,” Max said gesturing to the guard and making his tone harsh so he would comply quickly.
He showed him the other way down to the garage.  Max walked around and found a very dark area in the corner that still held her scent, it was faint, but at least he knew she had been there.  “Someone took her, do you know of anyone else that was still in the building?”
“I think Mr. Wilson was here late, but he left about a half hour ago.”
“Luke Wilson?” Max asked angrily.
“Yes, do you know him?”
“Not well, but I’ve heard of him before.” Max shook his head; he had a feeling he knew where they were going.  He ran to his car, and he jammed the gears into reverse, his tires sliding as they tried to find purchase as he cut the wheel hard to turn around. He was glad he had left the sedan at home today and taken the Ferrari instead.  He needed speed; he just hoped that he wasn’t too late.

Lily opened her eyes and saw only darkness; she realized that she had something over her eyes.  She tried to move her hands, but they were bound in front of her and her ankles were bound together too.  She felt a rush of goose bumps rise on her arm when a harsh wind howled past her.  She remembered only getting the sweater on one arm, leaving the other arm and shoulder bare.  She took a couple of deep breaths as she tried to register the noises around her.  She could hear voices arguing, they were all men, she didn’t know how many.  She felt bile rise in her throat when she finally understood that they were fighting over who would rape her first.
How could she fight them? If Max could find her, he would keep her safe, but how could she think like that? There were too many of them, she couldn’t bear the thought of him getting hurt because of her. She knew for sure now that she loved him, even though she had only known him for a few days.  She knew deep down she fell for him that first night she had met him, before he had even touched her.  Just looking into his grey eyes had been all it took.
She reached her hands up and was able to pull the blind fold from her eyes, the tie in the back had a few hairs in it, but she bit her lip and pulled it off.  She looked around and noticed the woods around her.  The men were still too busy arguing to notice that she was moving around.  Her ankles were tied too tightly for her to crawl away, not that it would do her much good.  She bent a little and tried to untie her ankles, if she could run, she might have a chance to hide from them.
Luke turned towards her when he saw her moving around. “Well hello Lily, you are finally awake, I’m so happy you could join us.” His comment was followed by a nasty smile and laughter from his friends.  He gave her a dark look as he moved closer to her.  “We smelled you the other night, but we couldn’t find you. Imagine my surprise when I realized yesterday that you were the one we had been looking for.  We don’t usually fight over bitches, but for some reason you’ve got us all riled up.  Do you have any idea why that is?”
Lily frowned as she looked up at him, smelled her, what the hell was he talking about? She cringed as he knelt down beside her and he stuck his nose in her hair.  Then he nuzzled her neck slowly moving down her chest, like he was sucking her scent off her skin.  Revulsion shuddered through her body.
“Please don’t do this.”
“Its basic animal instinct Lily, the way of the pack, I can honestly say that you are the best thing I’ve ever smelled before.  Why I just want to eat you up.” More laughter came from behind him, as well as more fighting, bone meeting flesh and loud cursing. “Knock it off you guys, I’m going first, I found her, but you’ll all have to wait your turn.  I’m the alpha in our little pack.”
Lily frowned again as she tried to understand what he was talking about.  Alpha, the way of the pack, he talked like they were a wild dogs or something.  Luke suddenly stood up and the others tilted their noses in the air, becoming very alert.  Then she heard a menacing growl from the darkness behind her.  She felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.  Oh dear Lord, what now?
“I don’t believe it, no fucking way.” Luke said as he backed away from Lily.  He watched, horrified as a huge white wolf steadily stepped into the clearing, baring its sharp teeth.  Its glowing silver eyes tracking them all, “go now,” he yelled as he turned toward the others.
Lily watched, paralyzed as they scattered in different directions, like they were being chased by demons.  She couldn’t even begin to imagine the animal that was behind her.  Max, she thought, I think I’m going to die, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that I love you, she thought.  Lily whimpered as she felt soft fur brush past her legs.  She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to stay as still as possible.  She had no idea what kind of animal had just shown up.  She took a deep breath and hesitantly opened her eyes to peak up at the beast.  Her mouth hung open in shock as she looked up at a huge pure white wolf, its gaze sharp and intelligent.
She watched with awe as he moved closer to her, then his massive head leaned down and sniffed her hair and stuck his cold nose into her neck. She shivered as he blew his warm breath in and out against her skin.  She held as still as possible as he continued to sniff her.  His white head slowly moved down her chest to her belly, and then he moved lower, sticking his nose between her legs.  She’d had a friend’s dog sniff her before, but never like this.  He finally finished and he sat back on its haunches.  He looked down at her with glowing gray eyes, funny the first thing she thought was how Max’s eyes looked like that sometimes.
The wolf came closer once more and opened his mouth, baring sharp white teeth, she closed her eyes again.  It would do no good to scream.  He could kill her instantly if he wanted to, was he just playing with her?  Her eyes popped open in shock when she felt his teeth on the ropes binding her hands, starting to gnaw on them.  Lily held as still as she could, she watched the sharp teeth work at her bindings.  This had to be the strangest thing that had ever happened to her.  She knew now that he wouldn’t hurt her, was in fact trying to help her somehow.  He had already saved her from a crazy man and his friends.  Was she dreaming right now?  This was all so surreal.  Suddenly the wolf’s sharp teeth punctured her tender skin, she gasped, ouch that had hurt, so much for thinking she was dreaming.  The wolf stopped when she gasped as if knowing that he had hurt her.  When she made no further protests he continued to work on the rope.  Once her hands were free, he moved back so she could tackle the ropes at her feet.  After she was free she looked around noticing how dark it had gotten and she had no idea where she was.  She shivered and tugged her sweater over her bare shoulder, smearing blood on it, but she didn’t care, she shivered again as she buttoned it up to her throat.
Lily sighed, she would probably end up with hypothermia from being outside all night.  She had absolutely no survival skills and it would easily get down into the fifties tonight.  She tucked her legs up and put her head on her knees, her dress didn’t offer much warmth, and her teeth started to chatter. She scooted back against a large tree that was nearby, it wouldn’t give her much warmth either, but at least she would be shielded from the wind by its huge trunk. The wolf moved around a bit, he would stop every so many feet and look at her.  Then as if he was satisfied that there was no danger he came back beside her.  Lily looked into his eyes; she felt so safe right now.  She soon couldn’t control the shivers that wracked her body.  She lay down and curled into a ball at the base of the tree, she tried to make herself as small as possible.  The wolf lowered his large body down beside her, he moved closer until he covered the front of her body, wedging her in between him and the tree.  He let out a low rumble as he offered her his warmth.  She reached out one hand and stuck her chilled fingers into his thick coat.  Slowly stroking his sensitive ears, amazed at how soft his fur was.  He let out another rumble, almost in appreciation of her petting, and then he laid his head against her chest.
Lily felt like she was either dreaming or going crazy, here she was in the middle of a dark forest cuddling with a wild animal.  She heard words begin to form inside her mind telling her to close her eyes and sleep.  She tried to stay awake as long as she could, she knew the voice she was hearing, it was Max talking to her, but how could that be?  Fatigue finally set in and with a heavy sigh she relaxed into the warmth of the wolf and dreamed of Max.

Lily walked through the forest without fear, it was day time, but the area she was in was so dark.  The canopy of leaves blocked out the sunlight, but it still filtered in from time to time as she walked.  She finally came to a spot that looked familiar to her.  Where had she seen it before? She glanced around and saw several pairs of eyes glowing from the darkness around her.  She wasn’t frightened though, everything just felt so right.
She looked up from a small clearing to an area where the ground rose suddenly; it was a steep bank that led to a cliff.  As she watched a pure white wolf came to the edge.  It was huge and powerful, with glowing silver eyes.  Eerily its head raised back and it howled long and steady, answered by many other howls around her. Was she supposed to answer him? She felt like she was, somehow.  Then he looked down at her, meeting her gaze, and the wolf transformed into a man as she watched.  Max stood where the wolf had been, his gaze on her fierce and possessive; she shivered with arousal as he smiled at her. She heard his voice inside her head, telling her that she belonged to him.  He wouldn’t get any arguments from her about that, she wanted to belong to him, needed to be his.  He said something, very softly, too quietly for her to hear.  She tried to speak, but was unable to make any sounds.  She tried to move towards him, but her limbs refused to move.  He turned away from her and she cried out to him, but he couldn’t hear her silent sobs, begging him not to leave her.

Max put another cool cloth on Lily’s forehead; she had slept for so long already.  He could feel her body calling to him.  She thrashed her head as she had another dream.  He saw what she saw in her dream, it was the same dream she kept having over and over. He tried to call out to her, but for some reason she couldn’t hear everything that he said. He pulled her close to him again as sobs wracked her body. He just prayed that she would wake up, he needed her, he loved her.
Lily woke up suddenly and sat up in bed and looked around, the last thing she could remember was being in the forest with the white wolf. She was in Max’s bed, but he wasn’t here with her. How did she get here?  She looked at the clock on the bedside table and saw that it was close to nine pm.  What day was it?
She slowly got out of the bed and went into the bathroom.  She splashed some cool water on her face, hoping to clear away the last dregs of sleep.  She brushed her teeth and found her robe on the door; she was still wearing her chemise and panties from earlier.  She slipped the robe on as she walked into the bedroom.
“Lily.” She heard a voice call her name, but she didn’t see anyone.  Her brow creased as she tried to understand where the sound came from.  It was more like it was in her head, rather than hearing it with her ears.
She went to the sliding doors that led to the private deck.  She put her hand to her throat when she saw the white wolf loping across the grass from the woods. He stopped at the steps to the deck, waiting patiently for her.
‘Lily,’ she heard it again, maybe it was coming from the wolf, his mouth didn’t move, but how could she hear him unless he was talking in her head.  She must still be dreaming none of this made any sense.  She looked into the grey eyes staring back at her and somehow she knew he was calling to her.  She felt no fear as she opened the door and stepped out barefoot onto the deck.
‘Open your robe Lily’, she heard in her head.  She slowly untied the bow at her waist.  She watched with wide eyes as the wolf steadily approached her, prowling as he circled around her.  He had a dangerous energy and strength just below the surface of muscles that rippled in his back and legs as he moved.  All she could think of was how beautiful he was.  He stood just a bit taller than her, man he was big.  She thought that she should be afraid of him, but she wasn’t, she stood still as she scented her.  He sniffed the back of her head and under her hair, his whiskers tickled the nape of her neck and he let out a soft growl when she shivered.  As he moved around her he sniffed every inch of her body, and then he turned and lowered his head and pressed it to her belly.
She reached up tentatively to hold his head to her, slowly caressing his soft ears, and the delicate fur around his eyes and muzzle.  She heard a low rumbling sound as she scratched his ear in just the right place.  She sighed as she looked down into his eyes, why did she feel like she knew him?
He backed up a few steps and he looked into her eyes.  Lily held her hand out to him. “Please don’t go.”
He stopped and then she watched as his fur started to ripple across his large body.  She saw what seemed like an aura around him, and heard a few popping noises, and then suddenly Max was crouched naked in front of her.
He stood and moved towards her; steadily backing her up until the wall of the house met her back.  He reached up to touch her face, gently rubbing his thumbs along her jaw and cheeks, as she looked into his eyes.
 ‘You are mine Lily.’ She heard in her head, but his lips didn’t move.  “Max,” she said breathlessly, “I don’t understand… am I dreaming?”
“Not anymore baby, this is no dream.” He said out loud.  “Do you fear me Lily?” He smiled as she shook her head no.
Lily reached up and touched his face, he had saved her yesterday.  He had kept her safe all night in the woods.  He was both man and the white wolf.  She didn’t understand how, but she chose not to question it and went with her heart.
“I love you Max.” Lily said softly as she met his gaze again.  “I think you know that already, you can read my mind can’t you?” She smiled at him as she saw his eyes begin to glow fiercely.  She put a hand up to her mouth as she remembered what she had been thinking when they first met.  “You read my mind that night in your study, didn’t you? You knew that I wanted you.” She laughed when he growled and then he kissed her.  He pulled off the flimsy pieces of clothing she still wore.  She grabbed onto him gasping into his mouth and moaning with pleasure.
“I love you Lily, you were made for me.” Max reached down and gently touched her, he growled low in his throat when he found her wet for him.  She was so ready.  He turned her around and grabbed her hips, raising her onto her toes; he hunched his much larger body over her and mounted her from behind.  Once he was deep inside her he stopped and moved his hands around to caress her belly and her breasts.  She moaned as she pressed back, tilting her head to the side to offer her neck.
He kept her up on her toes, forcing her to keep her balance by holding onto the wall.  Max let a long low rumble out when she offered him her neck; he didn’t need any further encouragement from her.  He steadily thrust into her, nuzzling her neck with his lips.  He talked roughly into her ear.  “You’re mine Lily, wolves mate for life, you are my life mate.” He set a steady rhythm and she met him stroke for stroke, tuning into the animalist instinct she now shared with him.  He straightened and grabbed her hips, lifting her up off her toes as her legs spread around him and he impaled her with his shaft.  He heard her cry out; he stopped as he bottomed out inside her and he bit into the side of her neck.  Her body clamped down on him as he felt his teeth sink into her tender flesh.  Then he continued powering up into her, she gasped and shuddered around him as she came.  He slowly thrust into her once more and felt his hot seed pulsing up inside her. Gently he licked the bite he had just given her, this one had been deep, but it was intended to be, since it was the last one needed to change her.  He slowly caressed her body, soothing her with both his mind and his hands; he pulled out of her slick body and carried her into the house to his bed.  They lay together, watching the room get darker, kissing and touching to soothe each other.
“Are you okay Lily”
“Yes… Max…I’ve never felt so alive before, it’s like all my senses are heightened.  What did you do to me?”
“I made you mine; do you think you are ready?”
“Ready for what?”
“To take your true form.”
Lily felt her eyes open wider as she looked at him, suddenly becoming very still.  “My true form?”
“Yes, close your eyes Lily and listen to me.  Listen to your heart beat, listen to your body.  Your body knows what to do, your heart beat will slow down, but it will beat stronger.” He quit speaking out loud and then spoke with his mind, he watched as her expression turned from apprehension to wonder.  ‘Lily it will hurt a bit the first time, but you will get used to it, sometime soon you will welcome the change whole heartedly.’
Lily felt an odd calm come over her, her heart slowed but each beat reverberated through her body.  She felt tingles rush over her skin, then she felt her muscles ripple and her teeth and gums sort of went numb, like when you go to the dentist. She had the sensation of floating and then a wave moved over her from her head to her toes.  Some popping noises were followed by a pinching sensation, not unlike when she pulled a muscle, then nothing.
“Open your eyes Lily,” Max demanded.
Lily slowly opened her eyes and looked up at Max, something must be wrong, he looked so fierce.  But wait, her vision was different; she could see little specks of color in his gray eyes.  He was so beautiful, and oh boy, she sniffed, he smelled so yummy! She leaned forward to get a better whiff of his delicious scent, but her limbs felt funny.  She looked down and was shocked to see a new body, where she had pale skin before she now had a reddish silky coat.  She stretched out on the bed and she heard Max chuckle as she moved her new limbs gracefully.  She closed her eyes and heard a soft rumble rise from her throat when Max ran his hands through her fur.
“Lily, you are beautiful baby,” Max said as he got off the bed and then he turned, waiting for her to follow him. “Come with me, love.”
Lily jumped off the bed and padded silently behind him to a full length mirror and then Max stood beside her as she looked at her reflection.
Lily looked at her new self; her blue eyes seemed to glow.  It was a little overwhelming, given all the new sensations she was feeling.  She felt Max’s hand on her neck and she looked up into his dark eyes.
“It’s time for a run in the moonlight baby.” He went to the door and opened it, feeling her brush past his naked body to stand on the deck.  He remembered the first time they had been out here together; he had held her as they looked out at the countryside.  It had been a great week for him, other than last night when he had been trying so desperately to get her back.
He shook himself as he phased and then he moved past her to jump off the deck.  He turned and she soon followed, he moved around her rubbing against her, marking her in her wolf form.  She rubbed her head against him and licked his muzzle.  Max felt so happy, this was what he wanted; he wanted someone to love, who loved him back.
They ran side by side through the woods, he explained some of the rules to her as they ran.  Being able to communicate this way helped, he wasn’t sure if she would truly be able to hear him, but he had known for sure a few nights ago when she had a bad dream.  She was stuck in the dark and he had entered her mind and talked her through her fears.
Lily couldn’t believe it; she now remembered that the last few nights they had slept in her bed in the dark.  She yipped happily at his side, and then he swerved into her, knocking her legs out from under her and they rolled around on the forest floor.  He licked her face and she loved the low rumble that came from his throat. God he was so sexy, he was devastating to her senses before, now it was even more so with her new awareness.
They played for a little while, chasing rabbits and some deer around.  Then they stopped at the stream and took a drink from the cool water as it moved past.  Max straightened suddenly, alert to their surroundings, Lily moved closer to him, instinctively knowing that her mate would keep her safe.  She heard his words in her head a few minutes later.  The others had arrived at the clearing and were waiting to meet her.  Lily moved against him restlessly, she understood now who the men were that had tried to hurt her.  Max assured her that they wouldn’t be there.  Luke was the leader of a rogue pack, there had been some questionable stories surrounding them, but they would be dealt with by the local pack, the very one that she now belonged to.  She didn’t need to worry; she would never see any of them again. Max had already told the pack leader everything that had happened.  Max explained to her that his father was a Beta in the pack.  He would have been the Alpha, but he deferred the job to his brother, after he died or he stepped down Max would become the Alpha.  It was really like being the boss so everyone had someone to take their complaints to.  It was a position of power, but only went to someone who wouldn’t abuse it.  Luke was the self-proclaimed Alpha in his rogue pack, he was obviously the wrong wolf for the job, and he was dangerous and careless.  Max had found out that Tammy left her job where Lily worked due to fear, she had been afraid of Luke and she had left quickly.  She had contacted her family, but she didn’t tell anyone at work, because she didn’t want Luke to find out.
Lily shivered as she stood beside Max; she had a lot to learn from him. Max gave her a knowing look, she was sure she was blushing right now, good thing her new fur coat didn’t show it.  She looked at Max as he teased her, he told he didn’t need to see her blush, he could smell her arousal, he could from the first moment he’d met her.  She stuck her nose into his neck as he stopped moving, good Lord, she was so embarrassed, and when she changed back she’d probably blush for a week.
They had stopped in the clearing that Max had brought her to.  She looked down and saw the moonlight as it lit up the meadow.  With her improved vision she could make out the other wolves that were waiting for them. Max and Lily waited as a large black wolf and a smaller tawny one approached them.  They stopped and Max walked forward and they both nuzzled his head, then Max turned towards her, telling her to come and meet his parents.
This wasn’t quite how she expected to meet them.  She looked at them both when they spoke to her in her mind bidding her welcome.  They were happy that her and Max had finally found each other and were proud to claim her as their daughter. Lily thought she would probably cry later. It was nice to be accepted by them.
After a few minutes Max told her to stand still and stay where she was.  He and his parents moved back behind her, she stood perfectly still, wondering what was going on.  Max spoke to her, ‘it’s okay, just hush baby. You’re going to meet your Alpha now, this is my Uncle.’ 
Lily stood still and watched as a dark gray wolf approached her. He looked her in the eye and she instinctively looked down at the ground. Her ears lay back a little and she put her head down a bit.  She felt him as he walked around scenting her, not quite like Max had, just a friendly sniff here and there.  He came back to stand in front of her, he didn’t say anything to her, but he seemed to want something from her.  She straightened her back and held her head up, trying her best to maintain eye contact with him.  He moved forward and licked her cheek to welcome her to the pack.  Max quickly came back beside her and then others, too many for her to keep track of so soon came up to greet her.  Once she had met every last member and a few young ones who were still cubs, they were able to finish their run.  His parents came with them for a while and then they decided to meet up the next night for dinner at Max’s restaurant.
Phasing back took her a few minutes.  She had to find something specific that worked for her.  Max said he just thought of himself in his human form, but that didn’t work for her.  Max chuckled as he stood just inside the door and told her to hurry up he was ready to make love to her in the moonlight.  She thought about touching and licking him all over and boom she was back to herself.  Max laughed harder as she ran past him into the house; the changing back had been much quicker than phasing had.  She smacked his shoulder trying to get him to stop, although she did have a grin on her face. It was embarrassing yes, but still it was kind of funny.
“You can only phase on a full moon, Lily,” you are like the rest of the pack in that respect. “We’ll find out during the next full moon if you have any special abilities. Don’t worry though, not many in the pack do. Most were raised as wolves and are purebred.  You however, are very special.”  He went in and ran a tub for them to share and he told her about the legend of ‘le cadeau’. Lily had to admit she found it strange to hear the story, she thought it was nice of his parents that they had wanted him to find her. She was a little bummed that she could never tell Kristi the story behind the painting she had bought her, and of course her part in the story that was entirely unintentional. 
“Why didn’t you tell me you owned the restaurant we went to? I couldn’t believe that we got a table without a reservation that night.”
Max pulled her shoulders back against his chest; he scooped up some water and watched as it rolled down her arms and back.  “I wasn’t sure how you’d feel about my money. Your message you left me yesterday about the bracelet made me realize that you weren’t driven by it.  I will shower you with gifts for the rest of your life, so you better get used to it pretty quick.”
Lily giggled as he moved his hands around to cup her breasts. “So what do I have to do for you in return for all the gifts?”  She moaned as he massaged her breasts and lightly pinched her tightened nipples.
“Just let me love you Lily.” He pulled her up towards him and then spread his knees effectively trapping her legs against the sides of the tub.  He moved one hand down over her belly until he reached her smooth cleft.  She tried to pull her legs back together, but he held her easily.
“Max!” Lily cried out as he pushed two fingers inside her, slowly circling her clitoris with his thumb, he moved his other hand down to her belly and pressed down.  She could feel his erection grinding between the cheeks of her ass.  He continued to drive her crazy with his fingers, he slowly stroked one finger over her anus, and he shushed her when she tensed up.
“Have you ever had anal sex before Lily?” He whispered huskily in her ear.
“Uh…no…oh my…I can’t…your too big,” she finally got out.  She was so close, all he had to do was touch her a few minutes more and she would explode.
Max let go of her belly and rubbed the pad of one finger in lazy circles over her clitoris.  He stuck his thumb inside her and growled as she bucked against him.  His other finger drifted down and he pressed at the tiny opening of her anus, he pushed in to the first knuckle and she arched her back and cried out as she climaxed.  He continued to stroke her, letting her ride out the waves. He ran his open mouth along her neck, lightly nipping her skin and he felt her shudder against him.
Max smiled as she relaxed into him again, he picked up a sponge and squeezed the water out, watching as the little rivulets ran down between her breasts.  He planned on having her come a few more times before he let her sleep.
“It’s time to get out of the tub Lily,” he stood up with her in his arms and then set her down on the matt.  He smiled down at her when he noticed her chest was still flushed with arousal. She looked up at him and then down at his erection. It bobbed as she reached out to touch it with her hand.  She closed her hand around him and squeezed, smiling up at him as she knelt down to take him inside her mouth.
“I like the way you taste Max, almost as good as your scent.  I can smell you now; I couldn’t before, but now oh boy.  You smell so good.”
He moaned as she took him deeper inside her mouth.  Her tongue made some clever movements as she sucked him into the back of her throat.  She let out a low growl from her throat and he about went off. He pushed her back and he chuckled when she pouted at him.
“Not tonight sweetheart,” he carried her back to the bed and set her down on the edge. “Stay right there, I’ve got something for you.” He went to his dresser and then came back to her.
She didn’t pay much attention to what he had in his hand; she was too busy looking at his body. She smiled when he came back to her and he ran his finger along her jaw and tipped her face up to his so he could kiss her. 
“I love you Max.”
“I love you too,” he went down on one knee in front of her and he ran his hand down her shoulder to her hand. He had a little box open in his other hand. “Marry me Lily.”
Lily had been watching his face, still in a daze from the kiss he had given her. She smiled when he told her that he loved her, but what did he just ask her? She put her hands up to her face and looked at him and then down at the ring. Oh! She had hoped, but she didn’t know how the wolf thing worked. The ring was beautiful, a huge sapphire in an antique setting.
“Lily?” Max said.  He gave her a hesitant smile when she looked up at him with tears in her eyes. “You’ve got me hanging here, literally.”
“Oh! Max, yes…yes…yes!” Each word she said in between kisses, and then she threw herself into his arms.  She smiled as she felt him close his arms around her and she slid down his thigh to straddle his waist. He kissed her hard and then slid the ring onto her finger. I was a little big, but they could get it sized.
She looked at the ring on her finger and gave him a watery smile. He reached up and tenderly wiped the tears from her cheeks.  She looked so happy; it made him content to know that he had made her feel like this.
“I want to make love to my fiancé,” he said as he stood up, growling when she wrapped her legs around his waist.
“So what’s stopping you?” Lily laughed when he gently bit her neck and then they fell down on the bed rolling until she was on the bottom and he was suddenly inside her. She had forgotten how fast he moved. She soon was gasping his name and arching against him. 
It was hours later when the moon was starting to go down before he finally let her sleep. They held each other close the rest of the night, making love together again and again in their dreams.

Chapter Seven

Lily lay in the grass with one arm cradling her head. It was such a lovely spring day. She watched the clouds float by and listened to the birds singing. Her senses were much improved in her human form, but nowhere near as keen as her wolf form. She closed her eyes as she felt the sun’s rays caress her body. She wished that she was naked right now, but she had strict orders from her mother-in-law not to sunbathe naked.
She held up her hand and watched the sparkles in her wedding ring. Max had given her a diamond band that was specially made to match her antique engagement ring. It really was very beautiful, there were six diamonds embedded in the band. Max had teased her that each one represented the bites he had given her.  He was so proud of himself, having picked it out all on his own.  He had excellent taste, and of course she loved it, but he could have given her a ring from a Cracker Jack box and she would have worn it.
He had flown her family to his house in the Caribbean, along with his own family, and they had exchanged their human wedding wows on the beach. His parents had entertained everyone for the next few days at a nearby resort, and her and Max had spent their honeymoon at his house.  They swam in the ocean at night, played on the beach during the day, and made love whenever they could, which had been pretty often.  She cried the day they left, she had loved having him all to herself during their quiet time together, but of course their jobs were waiting for them at home.
Mark had finally hired a new editor and her hours had returned to a normal work week, much to Max’s delight, he loved to drive her to work and pick her up after. He had even let her take his Aston Martin to work one week while he had been away, helping with pack business. 
When she was at the house John and Ellen spoiled her.  During the day while she was at work Max’s assistant Jeremy would text her to see if she needed anything. She had told Ellen and John not to fuss over her, but she was secretly pleased. She had started to think of them as foster parents, they were both becoming so close to her. Even more so now that her and Max had gotten married.
Mark was starting to run some trials, allowing some of the editors to work from home.  Since she had taken over Tammy’s duties when she had left, he made sure she was in on the trials. Right now she only went into work on Mondays and Wednesdays.  Max was able to work from home sometimes too, so this worked out perfectly for them.
She had found out a lot more about the history of the pack from Max’s parents, they doted on her as much as Max did. His mother was always taking her shopping or out to lunch and his father was teaching her about the pack history. When she had phased for the second time she had found out that she had visions. She really didn’t understand how that all worked yet, but they figured that was why Max could not only hear her thoughts, but see them too. Nathan had told her not to worry about it; she had a lifetime and then some to figure it out.  Wolves aged slower than humans, she would never look her true age.
Lily felt a tingle and opened her eyes to see her white wolf beside her. “Did you enjoy your run Max?” She laughed as he shook himself and lay down beside her.  She scratched his ear in the just the right place and he rolled over onto his back so she could rub his belly.  She laughed again as she happily complied.  He had told her that every time he phased he had a spot on his ear that would itch, but he could never reach it; she had teased him that it was a flea once. She had gotten a nice spanking for that one. After a few minutes she watched him change back into his human form. She sighed as she looked up at him as he dressed. She couldn’t decide which way he looked better, she loved both sides of him, he was so perfect and man he smelled so good. She could find him anywhere, and now she understood how he had found her that night so long ago.
Max grabbed a blue flower that grew beside him; the meadow was full of them this year.  He smiled as he tucked the delicate bloom behind Lily’s ear and he noticed that it matched the color of her eyes. “Did I tell you that I love you yet today?” He asked before he leaned down to kiss her.
“Yes…but you can tell me again,” Lily said, she was so happy. She pulled his hand up to her lips and kissed the palm. She sniffed his hand and could smell the earth from deep in the forest and maybe some moss. “Did you go by the stream?” She smiled as he nodded. He had been testing her lately to see if she could determine special places that he went on his run. He was training her to sharpen her sense of smell. She sighed as he caressed her cheek. She grinned and suddenly pulled his hand steadily down her body till it rested on her gently rounded belly.
He looked a little confused at first and then his eyes widened and he got a startled look on his face, and then it slowly changed to wonder. Lily smiled as she looked up at him; the baby had just begun to move the day before. This was the first time that Max was able to feel it.
“Lily that is so cool.  I hope that you aren’t still disappointed that you can’t phase right now.  I promise I will take your out as soon as the baby is born.” He leaned down and kissed the tip of her nose.
“Just a little, but our child is more important. I can feel him changing every day. Do you think we can head back soon? Ellen promised me something special for lunch.”
“I think she knows your cravings before you do. Her and John love to spoil you, just like I do. You are my special girl.” He looked at her thoughtfully for a moment, “you look happy Lily.  You are so beautiful.”
She looked up at him and smiled, “I am very happy Max, and I never thought it would be possible to feel this way. I love you so much.”
Max smiled and kissed her gently; he looked at the green grass and the small blue flowers that grew all around her. This was from his vision from when he’d first kissed her. His future was happening sooner than they all thought it would. It had been just a few months after her first phase that they found out she was pregnant.  She had been totally unprepared since she was still on the pill.  The pack was surprised, but since she was ‘the gift’, no one questioned it. He would be a father soon, to their son, their first cub.  Lily had come to him excitedly just a few days ago.  The painting had revealed not one, but two cubs by her side. One was pure white; just like him and the other was a cinnamon color just like Lily, very small and delicate.
He smiled as he caressed her belly and leaned down to kiss the gentle rise. Then he picked her up to carry her home.
“I love you Lily, tell me again, what was my father’s message?”
Lily smiled and laughed softly as he held her close. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his jaw, now she understood the message. “Look at your future.” She said huskily as she looked into his eyes before he kissed her gently.
He was so happy; the fact that Lily was ‘the gift’ didn’t matter.  She was his gift, and they would be happy together forever.






Thank you for reading my book, any comments, especially good ones, are always welcome, please like my page on Facebook.
























 

























































