
Lost in Texas


Big Heart, Small Town Address Series


Sandy Appleyard

Keep in touch with the author by Subscribing.

ISBN  978-1-989427-71-2
ISBN  978-1-989427-72-9

Copyright © 2021 Sandy Appleyard
All rights reserved.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Found in Texas
Keep in Touch
Also by Sandy
Did You Enjoy This Book?

Chapter 1
Blake
“I fired Vinnie today.” I grunt, resting my boot on the kitchen chair opposite me, speaking to my brother, Zack, as he walks through the front door.  
Pulling his Stetson off, he hangs it on the brass hanger on the wall by the door.  “I’d a done that weeks ago if it were up to me.”
“Yeah, well, we can’t seem to find decent help lately.  Didn’t want to let our last boy go.”
He walks into the kitchen and shakes his head slowly, giving my hair a tousle.  “You look like shit, Blake.”
I ignore him.  “How’s mama?”
He nods once.  “Good.  She was asking about you.” He could pass for my twin. We’re a year apart in age, but you’d never know it.  Came in handy in high school when we traded places skipping class.
“They move her back to the room again, or have they still got her in the ward?”
“She’s back in her room, Blake.  I told you about that a week ago.” Zack doesn’t hide the annoyed tone in his voice.  “And if you’d come visit her, you’d know that.”
I shudder just thinking about it.  It’s been three months since daddy died, and nearly that long since we had to commit mama to a mental hospital.  The minute we buried him after he got shot accidentally by a drunken hunter, she started slipping.  But I can’t go see her.  Not there.  She’s not the only one who took it bad when daddy died.  Blake knows not to pull at this thread, so he moves on to the next subject.  “Austin called.  Told me he’s coming around this weekend.”
“Yeah.  He called me, too.” Austin, our other brother, lives in El Paso.
Zack pulls the chair next to me out, pulls his shirt out of his pants and takes it off, draping it over the back of the chair, and then he takes a seat, grunting theatrically as he sits, exhaling heavily.  He props his boots up on the table, taking full advantage of the fact that mama isn’t here.  “So, what now, man?” he rakes a hand through his mussed hair, looking as exhausted as I do.
“Well, we bust our asses again, I guess.  Until we can find a few boys to help.”
Maverick, our eldest brother, moved away just before daddy died, and Gunner, our baby brother, left for college.  Everything happened so goddamn fast, we didn’t have time to think, let alone have enough help around to keep the place up.  And with daddy and mama gone, me and Zack can barely keep the stalls from falling over we’re so overwhelmed with work.
“This place looks like a dog’s breakfast, man.” Zack comments, looking around.  Dishes are piled up, there’s an unknown family of crusts living on the stove, an inch worth of toast crumbs are on the tablecloth, and you can draw on the floor with your finger there’s so much grime built up.  
“I’m too tired to deal with it.  We ought to hire a maid while we’re at it.”
“Mama’d slap you upside the head if she heard you say that.” Zack chuckles, yet I detect a warning tone.
“She’d kill us if she saw this place right now, I tell you that.”
Zack sucks his teeth, saying after a beat.  “I’m damn near starved.”
“Me too.”
“Whaddya say we head on up to the saloon and grab us some grub.  Couple beers while we’re at it.” 
“You don’t have to ask me twice.” I grunt, getting up out of the chair.  “I’ll get started cleaning this place when we get back.”
“Yeah, I’ll help.” He says, grabbing his dirty shirt off the back of the chair.
We take Zack’s truck, since his is parked closest to the curb, and head out to Zollo’s.  Pat, the owner, sees us as soon as we come in, and he motions us over to him.  “I hear you fired Vinnie today.” He says to both of us.
“Yeah, I did.” I admit.  “He have anything to say about it?”
“No, but his tab sure did.” Pat says.  “He was drunker than a skunk here not an hour ago.  I had to call him a cab, and Estelle’s still in there scrubbing the bathroom floor, where he puked and missed about ten times.”
“Ah, shoot.  Dang idiot.” I mutter.  “He had it coming.  I caught him drinking on the job, too, as a matter of fact.”
“Can’t say I’m surprised.” Pat says.  “Hey, wasn’t he your last hand?”
“Sure was.” Zack says. “You know anyone else?”
I elbow Zack, giving him a knowing look. Vinnie was Pat’s recommendation.  Thanks, but, I’ll pass. Zack looks at me and recognition comes to his face.  He changes tack.  “Hey, on second thought, it’s okay, partner.  We’ll find someone.”
No sooner do those words come out of his mouth when a set of females come walking in the bar, looking stunned and lost.  Women almost never come into this bar.  At least, not women that look like that.  These girls are not from this part of town, for sure.  One’s got her hair tied up in a bun so tight she’s giving herself a partial facelift, and the other one’s wearing a tailored suit.  Ain’t no way in hell would you find a local girl wearing anything like that here.
Pat looks up from the dishes he’s drying and motions with his chin.  “Can I help you ladies?”
The one with the tidy hairdo speaks first.  “Our car broke down and both of our phones are dead.  Can we use your phone to call a tow truck?”
“What kind of car do you drive?” Zack asks, sizing up the girl in the suit.
“Mercedes.  Late model.”
Yeah, definitely not from this side of town.  “What’s the problem?” I ask.
“It’s like it boiled over.  Steam coming out of the engine.” The girl in the suit answers.  She looks like she must be boiling herself.  It’s easily a hundred degrees outside today, and she’s wearing a three-piece suit.  
“You two lawyers or something?” Pat asks.
“No.” tidy hairdo says but doesn’t elaborate.  “Look, can we just use your phone, please?”
“Well, sure, darlin’.” Pat says, picking up an old-school landline telephone from under the counter.  He plunks it on the bar and makes sure that she has enough cord.  “Here you go.”
She looks at him.  “You wouldn’t happen to know the number for a tow truck driver, would you?” she looks around, “Or, maybe there’s one in here, but then…forget it.”
I smile.  “You’re thinking y’all don’t want anyone who’s drinking to handle your car.”
She gives me a look like I just called her a whore.  “Would you?”
I lift my hands in defence.  
Her friend intervenes.  “Oh, let me deal with this.” She tuts.  “You go use the washroom like you said you had to.” She’s frustrated and flushed, looking as if she wants to tear off her suit like it’s burning her skin, and it probably is.
“Fine.” Tidy hair huffs.  “Ask for someone who doesn’t smell like day old pizza.”
Suit lady rolls her eyes as tidy hair walks away.  I watch her undo the buttons down her suit jacket before I say anything to her.  “I take it it’s your friend’s car that’s broken down.”
“Yeah.” She sighs.
“I’ll go take a gander at it.” Zack offers.  “Could just be a coolant hose come loose.”
“It’s the—” suit lady says, but Zack cuts her off.
“Mercedes?” he smiles, then he scoffs.  “Shouldn’t have too much trouble finding that.”
Pat’s rifling through an old cookie tin.  “Need some help there, partner?” I ask.
“Na, just looking for a number for a tow truck for the ladies.”
I watch Zack walk out the front door.  I consider following him to lend a hand, but it’s like my feet are planted to the sticky floor.  “This isn’t a line, I swear to God.” I lift a hand.  “But I’ll bet money that you’re not from around here.” I say to suit lady.
“No, I’m not.  You’d be right about that.” she looks at me and I can’t help but notice the ghost of a smile on her lips.  Her eyes aren’t quite smiling, and I take it that she’s uncomfortable being here.  Most women are.  
I hold out my hand for her to shake.  “I’m Blake.  Blake Walters.” I say by way of introduction.  I add, “Me and my brother Zack,” I gesture to the door, where Zack’s outside, looking at the car, “and I own Halen Ranch just up the road.” Just so she feels more comfortable knowing that I’m not a threat, as I wouldn’t be, if I’m telling her who I am and where I live.
“The one with the big red house and matching fence?” she asks, smiling.
“The very one.” I nod once.
She shakes my hand. “I’m Ruby Fisher.”
“Nice to meet you, Ruby.” I grin at her.  “Can I buy you a drink?”
What little smile she has fades.  “No.  Thanks.”
I change the subject.  “Your friend seems a little bit out of joint.”
Ruby lifts her brows and lowers her voice.  “You noticed.”
Pat finally manages to find a number, handing it to Ruby on a sheaf of paper, that looks like it’s been ripped off the end of an old envelope.  “Here you go.  Sorry for the wait.” He looks towards the bathroom.  “You sure your friend’s okay?  She’s been in the ladies’ room a while.”
Ruby waves.  “She’s fine.”
“She one of them types who spends a half an hour in there, putting her face back on and such?” I ask as I work on draining the beer that Pat hands me.
“No.  She’s diabetic.  She’s taking her insulin shot.  It’s also why she seems particularly agitated.” She says flatly, like she scored a point.
I take it down a notch.  “Oh.  Shoot, I’m sorry, sweetheart.  I didn’t mean to offend.”
Satisfied, she nods, looking down.  Then she picks up the phone and starts dialing the number.  I hear her talking to someone on the other end, when Zack pops back in, scratching his head.  Ruby sees him when she turns around at the sound of the door.  It looks like she’s on hold with whomever she reached on the phone.  “Well, I fixed it for now.  Tied the hose back on and added some coolant from the back of my truck.”
“So, we don’t need to have it towed?” Ruby asks.
“I’ll need to see if it’s running again first.  You got keys?”
She hangs up the phone.  “No, but Kate should be back any second, and she’s got them.  It’s her car.”
Pat, overhearing, is the first to see her friend come out of the washroom.  “There she is there.” 
“Kate.  Where’s your keys?  He thinks he’s got it fixed.” Ruby says.
Kate gives Zack an evaluating glance.  “You sure you’re not just going to steal my car?”
Zack puts his hand on his hip.  “Honey, that car will get you to a service shop, but that’s it.  The hose is cooked.  I’m sure that’s exactly the kind of transportation I’m looking for, when I’ve got my brand new F350 parked in the lot.”
She smirks, unimpressed, handing him her keys.  “Fine.  But don’t get anything on the seat.”
Zack takes the keys.  “You’re welcome.” He says facetiously and walks back outside.
“You need something to eat?” Ruby asks her friend.  “Oh, this is Blake.  He and his brother Zack own that ranch up the street. The one I pointed out that has the flaming red house?”
“Oh…yeah.  Hi, I’m Kate.” She mutters.  Sour puss still on her face.
“Yeah, I got that.” I say, shaking her hand, despite her looking like she’d rather put gloves on first before touching me.  “Nice to meet you.”
Ruby turns to Pat.  “Have you got anything you can whip up fast?  She’s diabetic and needs to eat.”
“Sure, darlin’.” Pat says.  “I’ve got something cooking back there right now.” he looks at me.  “You and Zack hankering for something, too?”
“Yeah, whatever you’ve got, partner.  We’ll eat it.”
Zack appears a moment later, and he hands Kate her keys.  “She’s running, but not for long.  There’s a service station just up at the end of this street.  They’re open late, I think.  But I’d wait a while before running her again, so she can cool off and the hose doesn’t pop off right quick.” He explains to Kate.
“We’re ordering something to eat, anyway.  Plenty of time.” Ruby says.
Pat disappears out back.  Kate puts her keys back into her purse, and Ruby looks at her, almost evaluating her.  “You okay?”
“I’m fine.” Kate shrugs, and then she just about shudders.  “I hate these kinds of places.”
“I’m no big fan, either.” Ruby states.
“It’s not so bad.” I comment.  “Looks worse than it is.  They have the best wings here, and the draught beer’s pretty good as well.”
Kate pipes up.  “I’ll remember that the next time I check in with my penis.”
I chuckle.  Zack is standing behind Kate, and I’m standing in front of her.  He gives me a look as if to say, ‘what the fuck’s up this chick’s ass?’, and I smile at him.  He proceeds to make a lewd gesture, moving his pelvis in and out, indicating that she needs to get laid, and I turn my head so that the girls can’t see me responding to him behind them.
When Pat reappears, he has a tray over his head, loaded with four full plates.  “I’d a had Estelle bring these up, but she’s still scrubbing the bathroom floor.”
“You should have her do the ladies’ room next.  The whole place smells like an outhouse.  My shoes stuck to the floor.” Kate huffs.
“Too bad you didn’t lick it.” Zack mutters, so only I can understand him.  It’s a tactic we’ve used since we were kids, first so our folks couldn’t tell when we were lipping back to them, and then with the ladies, so they couldn’t hear our inappropriate responses.
I chew the back of my thumb to stop from smirking. 
“Here.  I’ll set these over on this here table.” Pat says, not bothering to ask if we want to sit at separate tables.  
“Just put it all on our tab.” I say to Pat.
Kate looks at us like we should shower before sitting down to eat, and I’m about to offer for us to go to another table, but Zack is sitting down, and he’s already helped himself to a French fry off a plate, for that matter.  He wouldn’t care if we were eating next to a pile of horse shit, he’s so hungry.  
Ruby removes her jacket and drapes it over her chair, along with her purse.  While Kate takes a wet wipe out of her purse and proceeds to wipe the surrounding table area at the perimeter of her plate, her hands, and her fork, changing wipes for each item.  Then she balls the wipes up and signals for Pat to come get them from her.  Ruby is mowing down on her food, which consists of wings and fries.  For a tiny girl, she sure isn’t shy about eating, surprising me.
“Good?” I ask Ruby, when she stops to wipe her fingers.
“Fantastic.  You weren’t kidding.  Best wings ever.”
I smile at her.  
Kate reluctantly picks up her fork and stabs a French fry.
“It won’t kill you, Kate.  Come on, eat up.” Ruby says to her friend, with a good-natured smile on her face.  “You’ll feel better and you know it.”
Blowing the steam off a French fry, Kate stuffs it daintily into her mouth, and tries to fight off the smile on her face.
“See?”  I gesture to Kate.  “I told you it’s not so bad.”
“Where does he get these?” Ruby asks, pointing to her fries with a fork.  “They’re delicious.”
“Straight from Idaho.” I answer.  “Try the wings.  You think the fries are good, those’ll knock your socks off.  Pat here makes the sauce himself and slow cooks the wings.”
Heeding my advice, Ruby picks up a wing and takes a bite.  Her eyes roll into the back of her head, and it’s kind of hot.  I smirk, as she gives me a glimpse of what she’d look like after what I’d like to do to her.  Her long brown hair is French braided loose, like one of those streusel pastries, all down her back, with a small fringe off to the side on her forehead.  She’s got big hazel eyes and long, dark eyelashes.  Pretty thing.  Her tiny frame is highlighted by her tight rear, which I noticed when we sat down.  It’s one of those I’d like to take a bite out of.  “Good?”
“So good.” She exhales.  I catch Kate elbowing her in the ribs, chiding her.
“What do you think?” I gesture with my chin to Kate.  “Give the wings a try.”
Kate picks up a wing and takes a bite. Although she isn’t as emphatic about it, she does nod and raise a brow.  “Not bad at all.”
We’re quiet for a bit as we enjoy our meal, and then I signal for Pat to bring me another beer, and he brings the girls water glasses, offering to bring them something with more umph.  “No, thanks.  We’re driving.” Kate answers with a snarly wince.
“What about you, sugar?  You’re not driving.” I push Ruby, wondering what she’s like drunk.  She’s awfully cute sober, that I can tell you.
“No, thanks.” She says.
I give her a look but decide to write it off.  “So, what are you two girls doing out here in Clarkstown?”
“We were just passing through.  Took a wrong turn.” Ruby answers.
“Yeah?” I say, interested.  “Where are you headed?”
“Dallas.  For an appointment.” Kate says, and I gather by her glare that she doesn’t care to say much more than that.
“This some kind of legal appointment?  How come you two are so dressed up?” Zack tries.
“I’m a head hunter.” Ruby explains.  “I dress like this on a regular basis.”  She doesn’t have a Texan twang like Kate does, I notice.
“You mean for companies, right?” I joke.  “Not like one of them paid assassins.”
“That would be a paid assassin.” Kate clarifies icily.  “And do you think she’d tell you if that’s what she was?”
“Listen, I don’t know what your problem is, lady, but I’ve never been talked down to like this before, even by my good-for-nothing cousin, who stole one of my horses.” Pat brings me my beer.  “Now, my brother fixed your car, and we’re treating you to dinner, see, so I don’t know what we’ve done to put the pole up your dang ass, so why don’t you come out with it?”
Pat looks at the ladies, interrupting my tirade.  “You ladies want a beer?”
Kate’s nostrils flare as she looks at me.  “That’s none of your business.  We didn’t ask anyone to fix the car.  We were just as happy having it towed.”
“By someone who doesn’t smell like day old pizza.” I point out her earlier rhetoric.
She laughs without a trace of mirth, and I feel like I’m going to be wearing the last two wings on her plate in a minute if I keep it up.  
Ruby shakes her head no to Pat.
“And you.  Why aren’t you drinking, huh?  This lady here pushing you around or something?  Telling you that you can’t enjoy yourself?”
“She can do what she pleases, asshole.” Kate seethes.
“Right.” I say facetiously.  I look at Ruby.  “Look, I learned a long time ago to not let people push me around.”
“She’s not pushing me around…” she trails off, like she forgot my name.  Either that, or by not using it, she feels like it’s more of an insult.
“Blake.  My name’s Blake.” I add, raising my voice.
“I know that.”
Kate interjects snidely.  “She knows that, asshole.”
Ruby draws in a deep breath.  “Look, Blake, I’m not from around here, neither is Kate.  We just came out here to do some business, our car broke down, and now I just want to get the hell out of here before we get shot or something.”
“She tell you that?” I ask, pointing the lip of my beer bottle at Kate.
“Fuck you, shit for brains.” Kate spits. 
Pat’s still standing there.  “Do you want a beer or not?  We’ve got the best draught beer in town.”
“Yes, Blake here has already enlightened me.”
“So, have one.” I look her up and down, giving her my best bedroom eyes.
She catches the look.  Something in her eyes betrays her.  She looks up at Pat.  “No, thank you.” Her voice has lost its clout.
“Why not, sugar?” I say, my voice is low and sultry.
Her nostrils flare, and I can see her jaw working, like she’s grinding her teeth together, trying not to say something she’ll regret.  Then she says something that would silence a fucking starving coyote at midnight.
“Because I’m pregnant.”

Chapter 2
Ruby
He’s just about the richest man I’ve ever met, and he’s handsome, with freshly cut hair, a shiny ring glinting on his right ring finger, offset by a matching gold watch on the same hand.  His name is Terence Daniels, and he’s sitting in my office, after having completed our customary online form, waiting for me to review his request.  
“Is this full-time staff for all positions, or just for the management position?” I ask, looking for clarification. He’s forgotten to add that in one of the fields.
“All full-time.”
Terence co-owns a huge beverage company with his father, Thomas.  They produce specialty sports drinks, teas, and other non-alcoholic drinks that are found in stores, restaurants, and all over the world.  They’re net worth is probably akin to a rock star’s income, especially in the last few years, when they opened factories overseas, and now they’re looking to expand further, and that’s why Terence is here with me.  I’m a head hunter, and I only find the best workers available.
Why he’s here, and not their HR Manager, is beyond me.  But being graced with his presence has brightened my day to say the least.  “And who should I connect with once I have a list of candidates?  Do you have an HR Manager?”
“No, not yet.  In fact, put one of those down as a potential position, too, please.”
“Wow, you’ve really got your hands full.” I observe.  “You don’t have anyone you can recruit from one of your other plants?”
“No.” he shakes his head.  “Not in the corporate office, anyway.  And this is a job that needs to be done meticulously.  We never hire anyone that isn’t right for the job, but it’s just getting to be too much, and that’s why we hired you to do this for us.”
“It’s a smart move.  A lot of businesses don’t hire the right people, and waste millions of dollars replacing them, time after time.”
“We don’t squander funds.”
I look at his watch.  “I can see that.”
He smirks, and then he cracks a smile.  He’s too young for a gold tooth, but I suppose he’d have one if he needed it, he’s that rich.  I bet he has a fleet of cars at his disposal, or a driver, but all I care about is that he pays me.  Sometimes it’s the rich people who try to dodge the bills, and I have a hunch about this guy, so I had him complete a form, requesting a deposit, knowing that I’ve had enough experience with people who walk away without paying a dime.  “It was a gift.” He says, catching my gaze.
“Really.”
“When I graduated from college.  My grandfather gave it to me.”
“Ah.” I give him a warm yet tight-lipped smile.  Then I gently pull my earlobes, where two, small, diamond-studded earrings sit.  “My favorite aunt gave me these when I started this company.”
“How long have you been here?”
“At this location?  Two years.”
“Where were you before?”
“I started out in New York, where I’m originally from, but then I moved out here to Louisiana.”
By his smile and nod, he’s impressed.  “And what brought you out here, to Louisiana?”
“Got sick of the hustle and bustle of New York.  I made a ton of money, so I used it to come out here.  Started from scratch.”
“And how’s the money here?”
“Believe it or not, it’s better.  There’s more demand here.” I clasp my hands together and look at him, taking my eyes off the screen.  “Aside from meetings like this, the job is almost completely remote, too, with technology as it is.”
“What about your staff?”
I frown.  “It’s just me and my assistant, Maria.  She works mostly from home, but we have this office space if we need it.”
He raises his eyebrows.  “And you trust her to work from home?”
I nod.  “Absolutely.  All my emails get fielded through her, but we both have access to them.  The website is handled by a third-party company and we both have company cell phones.  She takes the new customer calls and hands the existing ones to me, unless it’s special circumstances.”
“What special circumstances?” he asks, and his eyes have darkened.  He’s also playing with his ring.
“Like this one.  A new client that has more than one position to be fulfilled.”
“And where do you find staff to fulfill your clients’ needs?” his voice is silky, like he’s coming on to me in a strange way.  I’m not sure if I’m reading him wrong, since it’s been a long time since a man has flirted with me, or if I’m right on the money.
“I keep a pool of potential candidates on file.  They get fielded with online applications and I follow up with possible openings, based on projected data and research, also on client updates.”
“And is this a task that’s done globally?”
“In the last two years, yes.  I have clients all over the world.  Recruitment is done online, so I’m able to serve anywhere.  Any meetings are done through a paid platform, and I have interpreters that speak any language I need.”
He uncrosses his legs and sits up tall, resting his hands on his knees.  “Ruby…err…may I call you Ruby?”
I smile.  “Absolutely.”
He seems nervous, as he switches his hand position from his knee to his chin, and then back again.  “Have you ever dated a client?”
I’m not sure if he’s going to ask me out, or if this is a test, but either way, he’s very handsome, and I find my cheeks heating.  “No, I have not.” I say, using measured words, but I can’t help the smile on my face.
“Is that a personal rule, because I can’t see a client not asking you out.” 
An email comes in, pinging, and I glance at it quickly, thankful for the diversion.  “Like I said, most of my work is done remotely, so to be honest, the opportunity really hasn’t presented itself.  Plus, most of my clients are women.  Not too many males are in HR, at least, not in my experience.”
His smile is so sexy I blush.  “Are you free for dinner tonight?”
I can’t think of a reason why not, other than the screaming going on inside my head, and the hair standing up on my arms.  Everything in my body is saying no, but certain parts are saying hell yes.  “Sure.” I answer too quickly.
“Are you sure?  I get it if it’s a little bit creepy.”
Okay, now he’s making it that much harder.  The fact that he’s reasonable and nice.  “No, it’s fine.” I chuckle nervously.  
“I’ve never asked a client out, myself, but there’s just…something about you that…speaks to me.”
Not used to ego inflation, I go for coy.  “Like what?”
“I’ve never met a successful woman before.  At least, not as successful as you are, that is.  It’s…kind of a turn-on.” He explains, searching my eyes.  “It’s a nice break from being worried about gold diggers, if you’ll pardon me for being so…brash.”
“No, I get that.” A nervous snuffle.  “You would be hard pressed to find a woman not after you for your money, I suppose.”
He smiles.  “It gets a little tiring.”  Then he changes the subject.  “What do you say I pick you up at around six?  Or would you rather we meet somewhere?”
Okay, mister reasonable.  “Whatever is easiest for you.  I’m flexible.” I catch myself before I say ‘easy’.  I did that once before…totally gave the wrong impression.  Worst date ever.  I swear the guy tried to cop a feel before we even made it to dinner.
“Okay, how about this…I’ll have my driver pick you up and bring you to my place.  I’ll have dinner catered.”
His place is probably ten times nicer and bigger than any restaurant I’ve ever patronized. He’s probably got butlers and maids and servants galore.  “Sure.  That sounds good.”
“Six o’clock good?”
I nod. “Sure.”
He raises both hands.  “And I swear I’ll keep it PG.  I’ll be a perfect gentleman and keep my hands to myself.  I have a personal rule about first dates.”
“Me too.”  I lie.  The only personal rule I have is to never lie.  
…And I just broke that one.

***

“Kate!” I hiss, trying like hell to keep myself in check.  Maria is just outside, and I heard the front door close, so I know that Terence is gone now, and she’s going to come in any second to chew my ear off.  I catch Kate in her car, with her Bluetooth on.
“Yeah.” She answers flatly.
“Oh my God, you’re not going to believe this!” I gush.
A sigh.  “This better be good.  I had a day of hell.”
My excitement slips.  “Oh, no.  What happened?” I almost whine.
“Well, don’t let me spoil your fun.  Go ahead.  Maybe it’ll brighten my day.” She says reasonably.
It’s back.  “This, like, majorly rich dude named Terence Daniels, who owns this giant beverage company…side note…he’s my new client,” my voice lowers for a moment, and then I squeak, “and he just asked me out!”
“Really?” she snuffles.  “Good for you.  God, I’ve been wondering when you’re ever going to get out and stop being so work-oriented.  I mean, I get it that your job is demanding, but a girl’s gotta eat.” She’s tongue-in-cheek.
“Hardy har.  You’re one to talk.”
“I get out.”
“Putting the garbage out doesn’t count.”  I chuckle. “What happened today?  Why so scrunchy?”
“You know Layton’s an asshole and he hates the ground that I walk on.”
I shrug and answer casually.  “Yeah.”
“He’s discovered a new level of making me miserable.”
Kate is the executive assistant for the CEO of a huge advertising company in Dallas.  We met at a conference about ten years ago and have been best friends ever since.  “Oh yeah?  I thought his making you stay on conference calls for six hours at a time without breaks was enough.”
“Not so much.  Now he’s decided to pull another one of his spontaneous projects out of his ass again.  And guess who gets to spearhead this one?”
“I can’t imagine.” I say, playing along.
She changes the subject back to me.  “So, tell me about this Terence guy…is he cute?”
“Oh, he’s very handsome, and he’s got these dreamy bedroom eyes.”
“And you’re sure he’s not gay?  I mean, let’s face it, good-looking guys, especially rich ones, they’re usually gay or there’s something creepy about them.”
“He wants me to come to his house to have dinner. And he’s having me picked up. Is that creepy?” I ask, taking stock, making sure that I’m not being totally naïve.
“It’s a little bit creepy.” She says tentatively.
“He’s having it catered.”
“Okay, less creepy.  But then again, a man who cooks is quite a turn-on.”
“A man who cooks on the first date, at his own house, is looking to get laid.  As soon as you put out, he’s never lifting a spatula again.”
She sucks her teeth.  “True.”
“So, do you think I’m making a huge mistake here?  You know, dating a guy I’m doing business with?”
“Hey, I’m no judge of that.” Kate says fairly.  “As long as he doesn’t turn out to be some psycho, you’re okay.  Things don’t work out, he’s rich enough, he can hire people to work with you, instead of him.  Remember, it’s the men who bail more than the women.”
“That’s what I was thinking.  And he asked me out, not the other way around.”
“Does he have any siblings?”
I chuckle.  “I don’t know.  I didn’t ask him, but I can look it up.”
“Do it.” she says excitedly, making me smile.  
“You want to come on the date with me? Check him out?” I joke.
“I’ll hide in the bushes.”

***

Clothes strewn all over my bed, makeup thrown in the sink, because it kept falling on to the floor, curling iron, flat iron and brush practically scorching my sink, I think I may finally be ready for my date with Terence.  Glancing at my watch, I see that I’ve got fifteen minutes before the car is here to pick me up, and I’m so nervous I feel like puking.  It’s been a long time since I’ve been on a date, and I’ve never dated a rich person before.  Not that that should make any difference, but for some reason, to me, right now, it does.
In a fit of nerves, I start cleaning up my house, as if I’m expecting company, and then I hear the doorbell, and my heart flips.  I feel like royalty as I’m driven to Terence’s estate in a black limousine.  It’s exactly what you would expect.  The house is more like an airport than a home, with a triple car garage, winding driveway, a guesthouse, and imposing black iron gates at the entrance, that the driver has to punch a code into, so he’s allowed entry.  The house is set in the back of a large property, with plenty of shrubs and trees, lending privacy.  
But the natural elements of the home are the only thing that softens it.  The house is composed of large picture windows, with a view of a spiral staircase in the center, and the architecture reminds me of a large mall, not a house.  It doesn’t look lived in.  It looks almost sterile and cold, even though it’s beautiful and very clean.  A woman in a white pants suit greets me at the door, showing me the way to the back of the house, where I find Terence sitting on the porch, outside, on a large wooden deck.  The inside of the house is like one large foyer, and I gather that they do lots of entertaining here, and the bedrooms are on another floor.
The kitchen is open concept as well, and it’s just before the sliding French doors to the patio.  “Would you like a drink, madam?” the lady asks me.
“No, I’m fine for now, thanks.”
“Very good.” She smiles perfunctorily and opens the door.  Terence is sitting on a chair, at a table, with three other chairs and an umbrella.  The yard is broken into sections.  One is the patio with two tables; the smaller, more intimate one is where Terence sits, the second table is off to the right, where a gazebo houses a couch, two chairs and a coffee table with a firepit, to the left is an inground pool and a hot tub, and further back is a garden and greenhouse.  There is a maze of cobblestones that provide a border for each section, and the grass is so green you’d think it was Astroturf.
“Hi, there.  Glad you could make it.” Terence says, rising.  He shakes my hand like he did earlier today at our meeting, but he adds a polite buss on the cheek as well.
“I almost didn’t.  I nearly electrocuted myself curling my hair.” I joke nervously.
“You look great.” He says, and he allows himself a glance down my body, which gives me shivers…the good kind.
“Thanks.  You look nice, too.” I compliment, allowing myself a glance at him as well.  He’s got black jeans on, and a nice white linen shirt.  Terence must spend a modest amount of time at the gym, but he’s not large or imposing.  He’s freshly shaven from this morning, but I’ll bet he’s taken a second shower and changed his hair, based on the more refined, gelled look.
“Thanks.” He gestures to the gazebo.  “Care to go have a little bonfire while we wait for the food?”
“Sure.  Lead the way.”
We walk further down the length of the yard, until we reach the gazebo.  It’s one of those ones that has curtains, so you can sit out with privacy or when it’s raining, but the curtains are held back with a tasselled cording.  It looks new and it doesn’t have any paint chips or scuff marks.  “Your place is nice.  Have you lived here long?”
“No.  A couple of years.  I bought it as an investment, really.” He explains, pulling the cover off the fireplace and setting it on the floor.  We’re both sitting on a plush, two-seater couch, with a fluffy, microfibre throw blanket hanging off the back.  “My dad insisted that I buy something with my money.  And evidently real estate is the way to go, especially since I’m not much into stocks and bonds and things like that.”
“I’ll give you that.” I agree.  “Did you get a good price on this place or something?  What made you buy it?”
“It was actually a steal.  It was an estate sale.  Shame, really.  The man who lived here spent his life savings building it, and then he dropped dead of a heart attack.  His family was left with all his bills to pay, so they sold it at a bargain basement price.  I just happen to know someone in real estate who tipped me off about this place.  I bought it before it hit the market.  Gave a tidy sum over the asking price to secure it.”
“Well, that was smart.”
He smiles at me as he lights the fire using the ignition switch on the side.  It’s one of those ones with fake rocks, but a real flame comes up between them.  It’s pretty, but it can’t hold a candle to a real wood fire.  
“What about you?  What’s your place like?” he asks, sitting next to me.  He’s polite and turns slightly, resting his weight on the opposite arm of the couch, so we’re not talking into each other’s faces.
“It’s just me, so it’s really small, but that’s how I like it.  Just a tiny bungalow.  One bedroom.  That’s all I need.”
“I guess a woman of your calibre wouldn’t have any plans for family then?” he asks.
Normally, I would find it odd to ask such a leading question on a first date, but he’s framing it like he’s just making conversation. He’s not making assumptions or alluding to anything inappropriate or awkward.  “Not for a long time, no.” 
“Yeah, same here.” He rests one ankle on the opposite knee.  “Too busy with work.  Kids will come when I’m like…never.” he chuckles jokingly.  “I’m kidding.”
I wave, snuffling.  “So, what made you decide to get into the beverage industry, anyway?  Or was it just to follow the family business.”
“Kind of that, yeah.” He answers honestly.  “To be honest, I had no idea what I wanted to do when I grew up.  And when I went to college, I took business on a whim, but it seemed to work for me.  Then after I graduated, everything just fell into place.  I suppose I knew all along that I wanted to follow the family business, I just didn’t know I knew it, you know?”
I nod.  “Yeah.  I can see that.”
“What made you get into head hunting?” he asks, as the same lady with the white pants suit appears, carrying a tray with food that smells divine.  She sets it on the table, putting a place mat down first, and then she tells us that she’ll bring the drinks out next, and nods politely, before I answer Terence’s question. 
“I just…loved human resources.  I got working on my designation right after college, and…I don’t know…it just….as you say, fell into place.  Once I started hiring really great people for this one huge corporation that I worked for, it just clicked.”
The pants suit lady wrapped our cutlery in linen napkins.  Terence starts to unravel his, placing his napkin on the side of the table.  “And you started your own business straight away?”
“Yeah, kind of.” I nod, following suit.  I pick up my cutlery and unravel it, mirroring him.  “When my dad died, he left me a little inheritance, so I took some time off and started the business.”
“That’s very wise.” He states, impressed.  The tray is covered.  He removes the cover and places it on the ground.  “I hope you like steak.  If you don’t, or if you’re a vegetarian, we have an array of foods to choose from in the kitchen.  Forgive me for not asking ahead of time what you would like.”
“Oh, that’s okay, Terence.  I love steak.” I smile.  “Do you like to be called Terence, or Terry?”
“Either.” He frowns, placing my plate on my side of the table, and then his plate on his side.  Both plates have a decent sized steak with a baked potato and roasted asparagus on them.  “Some friends just call me ‘Ter’, too.”
“This looks delicious.” I sniff. 
“Do you like butter and sour cream with your potato?”
“Just some butter, please.” I say, and he hands me a pat in a package on the tray.
You would think that it would be awkward eating steaks on a gazebo table, but they’re so tender and juicy, we barely need to use a knife.  Pants suit lady brings a bucket full of ice and two bottles laying inside.  “If you would like something else, there are plenty of beverages inside the house.” She explains.  “Do you need anything else, Terence?”
He shakes his head.  “No, thanks, Jean.  Have a good night.” he says, dismissing her.
“Just leave the dishes in the sink.  I’ll look after them in the morning.” Jean says, and I wonder why he doesn’t introduce us, but I let it go.
We continue eating, and Terence looks up at me.  “Would you like some wine or champagne?  Or anything at all, really.  I have everything in the house.”
“Go figure.  A guy who owns a beverage company has a huge selection of beverages.” I tease.
He chuckles, smiling, and his eyes search mine for a moment, before I answer.  “A small glass of wine would be fine.  Especially since I’m eating steak.”
He pours us both a glass and lifts his up to make a toast.  “To success.”
I agree, clinking my glass to his.  “To success.”
As we sip our wine, we exchange a glance, and I feel the hairs on my arms stand up.  Not sure if it’s nerves. I haven’t been alone with a man in this capacity for a long time.  Maybe it’s the wine.  It’s really good.  We finish our meal, and he offers to get me more, but I decline.  “What are you going to do with the leftovers?” I ask, curious.
“Well, let’s just say that I’ll be eating very well for the next week or so.” He smiles.  “I’ll get Jean to freeze some of it, too.”
“Or, maybe next time, you can share the menu, so you don’t have to order everything.” I tease, good-naturedly.
He nods.  “That, too.”  The fire is glowing as the sun starts to set.  “Are you cold?” he asks me.
“No, not at all.”
“Did you want a tour of the house?  I don’t want you to think that you’re not welcome inside.  I just figured that it’s such a beautiful day it would be a shame to waste it indoors.”
“Do you ever work outside?” 
“Sometimes.” He admits.  “But I usually like to keep my business time and my down time separate.  It’s only on light days that I come outside.”
“And are there many of those, or is it a really demanding position?”
He stares off for a moment, contemplatively.  “There are some days when I want to bury my head in the sand, but most of the time I can get along well.” He nods, then he shakes his hand in the air, as if waving me off.  “Let’s not talk shop anymore.” He smiles.  “This is supposed to be a date, and I don’t know about you, but it’s starting to feel more like we’re colleagues.” He gathers the plates up, turns the fire off, and I give him a hand bringing the things inside. “Come on.  I’ll show you around the house.”
We take the dishes inside and set them in the sink.  He shows me the main floor simply by standing in the middle of it.  Since it’s all open concept, you can see everything, but the spiral staircase is what is the focal point, and I can’t help but stare at it.  The iron railing and spindles are very ornate, and I walk over to it, curious what it feels like.  “Yeah, I think the owner did something with iron, because there’s this, and there was a whole bunch of iron sculptures hidden at the back of the house when I first came to look at it.” Terence explains.
“It’s beautiful.” I say, inspecting the work that looks like iron ribbons twisted all the way up to the second floor, and what looks like a third floor.
“Come on. I’ll show you upstairs.” He says, and I can’t help but notice that he’s a little excited about showing off his house.  It’s kind of cute.  The second floor is a bunch of rooms, mostly guestrooms from what he explains.  But there’s also a workout room and an office.  The piece de resistance is the third floor, which is all the master bedroom.  “I chose this as my room because of the skylight.” He explains, pointing up.  It doesn’t look like much; just a covered window, but he grabs a remote off the dresser and presses it, opening the skylight.
“Wow.” Is all I can think of to say.  It’s that impressive.
“There’s one in the ensuite bathroom, too.” He says, leading me there, where not only is there a skylight, but there’s also a glass-enclosed shower, a deep soaker tub, and double sinks.  “It’s way too much just for me, I know, but it shut my dad up.” He scoffs, chuckling.
And I start to wonder what else he’s done to impress his father.  I feel a little bad for him.  Is he really happy living here?  “I’m sure it’s not that bad.”
He gives me a quirky smile.  It’s kind of sexy.  His head is tilted.  I have to force myself to look somewhere else, so our eyes don’t lock.  Turning around, I see the whole floor is a bedroom and bathroom.  There is a large, four-poster bed in the center of the main wall, a fireplace on the adjacent wall, a chaise lounge next to a picture window opposite the fireplace, and a large, walk-in closet beside the bathroom.  “Wow, you could live up here.  All you need is a kitchenette.”
“It’s big enough.  I could put one in.” he comments, teasingly.  
“Not much for soundproofing, though.” I say, chuckling.  “If you have any guests over, so much for headboard tapping sex.”  Why did I say that?  Shut up!
“Fortunately, I don’t have a lot of overnight guests, and if I do, I also have a guesthouse. It’s hidden on the other side of the yard.” He explains, glossing over my inappropriate comment.  “And I’m single.  So no noisy sex goes on up here.  Unless you count the time my buddy came up here with a colleague of mine, after a pool party I threw earlier this summer.”
I scrunch my face.
“Yeah.” He scoffs.  “I’m still not talking to him.  I burned my sheets after that.”
“It’s always that one friend, huh.”  
His head tilts again.  There’s that quirky smile again.  When he does that, it makes me tingle all over.  “So, do you actually use the fireplace?” I ask, changing the subject.  My voice betrays me as it cracks.  “Is that the only way it ever gets heated up here?” I joke, trying to bite my tongue.  What the fuck is wrong with me?  I need to get out of his room. That’s the problem.  It’s been a long time since I’ve been in a man’s bedroom.
He bites his lip and takes a step closer to me.  His voice is low when he speaks to me.  “Would you like to help me with that?”  His eyes go to my lips and he doesn’t wait for an answer.  It’s like I’m putty in his hands.  My eyes close and I let him take over.  His lips meet mine, pulling them, enveloping them with his, as his arms snake around my waist, and the gap between us closes.  With my body pressed against his, he sweeps his tongue in my mouth, making me moan involuntarily.
And it’s like I’m rubber and he’s glue.  He takes over, kissing me hungrily on the mouth, down my neck, sucking my flesh, cupping my ass in his hands, so I can feel how hard he already is just from just a few seconds of contact.  His hands slide up my shirt, and I voluntarily lift my arms, letting him remove it without incident.  It’s like my body knows how long it’s been, and I’m so badly in need, I’d agree to anything right now.
I’m barely touching him, just taking in what he’s doing to me, and he seems okay with that, as he pulls his shirt over his head, and undoes his pants so fast, it’s like I’ve told him if he doesn’t undress in ten seconds or less, I’m changing my mind.  His clothes are off, including his underwear, and I’m numb as I watch him peel my pants, underwear and bra off, and he lifts me, like I’m a mannequin, to the bed.  
When my back hits the mattress, his lips crush on mine, as we kiss deeply, while his hands skate all over my body, and mine all over his.  His lips find my neck again, as I arch my back, telling him where to go with my body, begging him to touch me in all the places that haven’t been touched in so long.  It’s like I’m desperate, needy, and I don’t recognize my own mind as I almost claw at him, wanting him inside me, wanting to feel my release.  He picks up on my cues and begins sucking my nipples as I moan, almost growl at his touch.
I’m not thinking, just feeling, just…getting caught up in hungry, blissful sex, as he enters me, and starts moving, answering my inner needs as if reading my mind.  My legs lift almost involuntarily, so I’m completely open to him, and he buries himself in me fully, sliding in and out, as I moan after each pass, like every additional second is a second too long, like sex is a drug and I need my fix immediately.  
He pumps me quickly, grinding into me, hardening to an impossible hardness, and as I climb, I guess he’s just as amorous as me, because his kisses are almost bites, almost barbaric, like he’s just as desperate.  And seconds later we both come; first me, then him, as I’m on the coattails of my release.  He grunts and hisses as I cry out, locking my legs around his waist, until he just about collapses on me, like he’s won a marathon, and he’s finally reached the finish line.
He lifts his head, winded, propping his cheek on the heel of his hand.  I don’t remember the last time I had sex, but I do remember it lasting longer than five minutes, which is probably how long this little endeavor was.  This was primal, needy, spontaneous sex, usually reserved for the back seat of a car or the restroom at a bar after drinking too much and groping the first hot guy your alcohol-soaked eyes train on.  This was not deep, meaningful, lovemaking, like in the movies, or with the person you love more than anything else in life.  Terence is a business associate, and a rich one at that, and as my inner needs are satiated, and my hormones tamp down, no longer overriding my common sense, I realize that this was a huge mistake that I will dearly pay for.  
…especially since the man is looking at me like we just consummated marriage.

Chapter 3
Terence
That was the best sex I’ve ever had.  Hands down.  I’ve never known a woman to be so passionate, so fueled, so…beautiful.  The way she let go and rode the waves with me, that was something.  Usually, girls are so stuck up and play hard to get, it’s mind-boggling, and it’s a huge turn-off.  Not Ruby, no.  She’s liberated.  She’s in the moment.  She’s…someone I’d like to get a lot closer to.  Now, I know it complicates things because we’re in business together, but I don’t see that as a huge problem, so long as we don’t let it be a problem.
As I watch her eyes flutter open, after coming down from her orgasm, I can’t help but wonder what’s going through that head of hers.  I’m not sure what the protocol is here, whether I should thank her for a lovely time, compliment her on her obvious sexual prowess, or just keep quiet and enjoy the moment. I decide on the last option, as I take in her beauty.  Ruby is wonderful, and I’m not just saying that because we just made love, either.  There’s something about her.  She’s gorgeous, independent, smart, and clearly a loving woman.  
“Am I too heavy?” I ask, breaking the silence, combing the hair along the side of her head, staring into her eyes.  Her eyes are closed as I touch her.
“No, but I do need to get up to use the washroom.” She says, looking at me sweetly.
“Certainly.” I say as I get off her, wondering if I should dress, too, or climb under the covers.  I’d love for her to stay with me tonight, but I don’t want to pressure her.
She pulls her underwear and shirt back on, making me think just how goddamn sexy she is, braless, in just a short shirt, that clearly shows off her panties.  I notice that she closes the door when she goes inside the washroom, and she takes the rest of her clothing with her.  It only takes me a moment to figure out that she’s going to get dressed in there, and that I should, too, to avoid an awkward moment when she exits the washroom.
A few minutes later, she emerges, fully dressed and evidently unscathed.  I’m sitting on the edge of the bed, after having smoothed the covers over, making it look like nothing happened, as if expecting company and trying to make it not look so obvious that we just had sex.  I walk to her and kiss her lips.  “Everything okay in there?” I ask, not knowing what else to say.
“Yeah.  Fine.” She answers.  “I really should go, though.  I have an early morning, and I, um…” she trails off, looking down.
I follow her gaze, lowering my head to her.  “Are you okay?”
Sighing, she sits on the bed.  “Terence, I…I’ve never done anything like this before.” She looks up at me.  “I’ve never had casual sex.  It’s always been with someone I was in love with.  This is kind of a new thing for me, so forgive me if I’m making this awkward.” She says fairly.  “I just…I don’t want to hurt your feelings or anything, but I also want to be honest with you.”
Is this girl great or what?  “Ruby, I don’t have much experience in the casual sex department, either.  We just…did what we thought was right tonight.  Nobody got hurt.  You didn’t hurt my feelings.”
She nods. “Okay.  But it also doesn’t help that, you know, we have a working relationship.  It’s my fault.  I should never have accepted this date.”
I take her hand in mine.  “Look, Ruby, I asked you out.  And I don’t regret it.  We had a great meal, great sex, and, you know, the evening doesn’t have to be over yet, either.  We can still do something together.”
“No, I really should go.  I don’t want to make this any worse than it already is.”
“Is this because we work together?  Because it’s no problem.  Once I have my list of candidates, this goes away.  We can still see each other.  It’s not going to be awkward.  Not if we don’t make it awkward.”
She looks up at me again.  “Are you sure?”
I kiss her lips.  “Sure, I’m sure.”
A tight smile finally comes.  “Okay.”

***

The fire is glowing as we sit outside, deciding that it’s safer there.  We rationalize that if we want to start a relationship together, that we should take a step back, and slow down.  “So, you started this business with your dad, right?” Ruby asks, as we sip on another glass of wine.
“No, he started it years ago, actually.” I answer.  “Just after he and my mom got married.  They made a ton from their wedding, and they already had a house that my mom inherited when her parents retired,” he pauses for a side note, “they had her when they were in their forties, so when she and my dad married, they were slated for retirement.” I lick my lips.  “So, they started the business, and when my brother and I were born, we were sort of groomed for it here and there.”
“Oh, you have a brother?”
“Yeah, but we don’t speak.  We had a falling out years ago.”
“Oh.  Sorry to hear that.”
“Yeah, thanks.  It gets on my dad’s nerves sometimes, since we work together and all, but we make it work.”
“So, he works for the company, too?”
“Yes, he does the sales side of it, whereas I’m more in the HR and administrative portion, plus finance. I have my hands in all that, while he travels with dad, making more sales contacts and things of that nature.”
“Is your dad closer to your brother?”
“No, not really.  I join them a lot, too, when they’re on the road.  In fact, once I have your list, I’m expected to go to the Philippines, where they are now, and keep in touch via phone and internet.”
“I guess I better get my ass in gear then.” She scoffs.
I put my hand on her leg, giving it a squeeze, but then I remove it.  “No, there’s no pressure.  I want this job done right.”
“It’ll be done right, I assure you.  I never cut corners.”
“I believe that.” I lick my lips.  “What about you?  Do you have any siblings?”
“Yes, I have two older brothers and two older sisters.  I’m the baby.”
I smile.  “Big family.  Where do they all live?”
“All over the place.  But we get together for lots of things and we keep in touch regularly.  My best friend, Kate, she lives in Dallas, and that’s who is like my twin.”
“How much older are your siblings?”
“I was a mid-life surprise for my parents, so when I was born, my eldest brother and sister were off in college.  My parents started their family very young.  My mom was nineteen when my oldest sister was born.”
“Were your parents married?”
“They’d just gotten married.  My mom was pregnant.  But they’re still together, so that’s saying a lot.” She pauses.  “What about your parents?  Are they still together?”
“No.  They divorced a long time ago.  My mom is remarried.  It’s tough to keep a marriage stable when you’re in such a demanding business.”
“What does your mom do for a living?”
“She helped out with the business at first.  But then it became a war between my parents.  That’s why she left.” I explain.  “She has her own small business now.”
“Are you close with your mom?”
“Yeah,” I nod.  “I speak to her each week.”
“And what happened with your brother?”
“When my mom left, we kind of took sides, I guess.  More so him taking dad’s side and writing off mom, whereas I stayed neutral.  Mom and Jacob don’t speak, either.  It’s too painful.”
“And he’s your only sibling?”
I nod.  “Yes.  But I’ve got lots of friends.” I say, hopeful.
“Less that one who got jiggy with it in your bed.” She jokes.
The girl is a spitfire.  “Ah, we’ll make up some day, I suppose.”

***
Ruby
If I could go back in time and slap myself, I would.  What the hell was I thinking?  Getting all caught up in sex with Terence, forgetting the fact that we work together!  That’s not like me at all.  Why did I even accept the date?  How dumb was that?  Now I’ve gone and slept with him and it’s all a great big freaking mess.  Sure, we smoothed things over afterward, but it’s done.  We had sex and I’ve ruined a perfectly successful professional relationship.
I’m dialing Kate’s number as I sit in the back of the limo, as Terence’s driver gives me a ride home.  I kissed Terence goodnight, and I swear to God he wanted more, but I’m done.  This is crossing a huge line.  Making a huge mistake.  The privacy partition is closed, so the driver can’t hear me, as Kate picks up the phone.  “Hey, how’d it go?” she answers.
“God, Kate, I slept with him.” I hiss, raking a hand through my hair.
Silence.
“Are you there?”
She sputters. “Yep.  Sorry, just choked on my water.  You...what?” she shrieks.
“I know, oh my God!  What was I thinking?” I whine, feeling the regret bubble up inside me.  I feel like throwing up that ninety-dollar steak and three hundred dollar wine.
“You’re serious?” she shrieks again.  “You…had sex with him?”
I’m nodding.  “Yes.”
“Wha…how…where…how…when?” she stammers.  “This is so unlike you.”
“I know!”
“Details.” She says simply.
“It could have been the wine, I don’t know…” I trail off, wanting to take the whole night back.  “He had this look on his face, and then he kissed me, and I just…I don’t know…my defenses were down.  It all happened so fast, Kate!  I’m not even sure it happened.”
“What?”
I wave.  “No.  It did happen.  It did.  It’s just…it was over so fast, and it was like one of those ninety seconds of pure pleasure kind of things, you know?”
“No, I don’t, for the record.” She scoffs.  Sometimes I think that Kate’s standards are set so high, I wonder when the last time she got laid was.  Probably ions longer than me, after tonight, that is.
“Okay, fine.  I’m not used to it, either.  I’m not…easy.  You know me better than that.”
“Yes, I do.  Which is why I’m so confused.”
“Confused?” I squeak.  “You’re confused?  Join the club!”
She sighs.  And it’s the same sound she makes when she’s trying to come up with a plan, which I love her for.  Kate is a genius.  She may be brash sometimes, but she’s pure genius.  “Okay, so you slept with him.  Did you scurry out of there fast afterwards, or did you stick around?”
“It happened a couple of hours ago.”
“Good.” Her voice raises an octave.  “So, at least you didn’t freak him out.  Unless…is he just as freaked as you are?  Did you get the feeling that he thought this was a mistake, too?”
“No, Kate.” I sigh, exasperated.  “He…I think he felt way more than I did.”
“Was it…good?” she asks, and I know her better, she’s not digging for gossip, she’s checking the barometer here.
“It was fast…but yes, it was good.  It was kind of like we were both starving for it.”
“Okay, so it was mutual.” She says fairly.  “And you stuck around, so all you need now is some damage control.”
“And how do I get that?”
“Just set boundaries, Roob.  Don’t go out with him again if it isn’t what you want.  Just make sure that you’re honest and tell him that you both crossed a line, and you don’t want to do it again.”
“Okay.  I think I already did that.  We decided to take it down a notch.  But I still think that he wants to see me again…after I give him his candidate list, and especially after the task is done.”
She scoffs.  “Well, of course he does.  He got laid.  And from what I can tell it was a good lay, too.  Just…set boundaries.”
“Okay.  I can do that.”
“What are you doing now?”
“I’m in the back of the limo going home.”
“Okay, good.  Not staying over is a clear boundary.  Good job.”
“Thanks.”
“Hey, and don’t beat yourself up about this, either.” She says fairly.  “We all have needs.  And we’re all entitled to a mistake or two here and there, Roob.”
“Yeah, I know.” I sigh. “I just…never thought I would make a mistake at work, you know?”
“We all have a breaking point.”
“Maybe you’re right.”
“If it happened as fast as you say it did, you obviously needed it bad.  You shouldn’t be so hard on yourself.”
“Thanks.”  I say.  Even though Kate’s a hardass sometimes, she really gets me.  
“Did you enjoy your night?” she asks, and not being a bitch in asking, either.
“Yeah.  It was nice.” I say, thinking back.  I mean, we had a nice meal, we had sex, and a nice conversation afterward.  All in all, not too shabby.
“Good.” She scoffs.  “At least you got some.  Man, if I had a dime for how many mistakes I wish I’d made.”
“Yeah, right.”
“Hey, if you can do it, anyone can, Ruby.  You’re the most ironclad businesswoman there is.”
I mull it over for a second.  “True.”
“Don’t worry too much about tonight.  I bet you he’s one of those guys who gets what he wants and runs.  If you’re lucky.”
And as I go about my day the next morning, the doorbell rings.  On the other side of the door is a floral delivery person.
…with a huge, five hundred dollar bouquet of flowers.  Guess who they’re from?

***
Terence
Ruby gave me a great list of candidates right before I set off for the Philippines to join my dad and my brother on business.  I got her to work on engaging with them and doing the interviews for me as well, since I’m supposed to be away for at least a few weeks.  I’m hoping that by the time I return, that we’ll have some new faces in our plant.  The team over there is ready and waiting, and I feel like I should have left a clone of myself back in the states, but I have to trust my people.  I also have to trust Ruby.
She sent me a text, thanking me for the flowers, and I feel like I should have done more.  There aren’t many women who would give it up like that, especially women of Ruby’s calibre.  I didn’t expect that.  To be frank, I took my chances in kissing her, thinking that I’d get nothing more than a slap across the face.  I sure didn’t expect her to make love to me like she did.   I feel awful that I haven’t been able to see her since the night of our date.  In fact, she emailed me the list of candidates while I was away, preparing for my trip to the Philippines.
And a week later, she pulls through.  We have a handful of new hires, and she even liaised with my team, to ensure that the proper paperwork was in place, so that orientation is seamless.  New team members start next week, while I’m wrapping up things here in Southeast Asia, making a stop in Britain, and then heading back home.  Dad and Jacob are busy with sales tactics, while I’m taking care of the administration, and Jacob and I manage to stay out of each other’s faces.  It isn’t always that way, and sometimes we have it out, but for the most part, we keep it professional, at least when dad’s around, that is.
But it happens.  Dad’s running late with a meeting, and if he’s not finished soon, Jacob and I are going to be stuck heading the next meeting together.  We sit in Jacob’s hotel room, knowing that dad is downstairs in the lobby, and my brother gives me a seething glare.  “Why don’t you let me take care of this, since this is all sales talk, as far as I know.”
“I’d feel better if I sat in on it, too.  Just in case they have financial questions.” Let’s face it, they always do. Jacob’s just trying to make me feel like a fifth wheel.
“Figures.” He mutters under his breath. I ignore it until he takes another stab.  “You shouldn’t even be here.  All the staff starting in the new plant and all, you’d think you would have stayed back, and looked after things there.”
“Look, I’ve got it under control, so just back off.” I say, trying to keep the chill out of my voice, but failing miserably.
He just scoffs and sucks his teeth.  “You’ve got it under control, huh.  And how did you manage that, partner?  You don’t even have an HR manager out there yet.”
“That’s where you’re wrong.  I hired one, and a head hunter, so, like I said, just back off.”
He looks at me like I just said that my shit doesn’t stink.  “A head hunter?  Jesus Christ, Terence, those are goddamn expensive.  And half the time they hire shit people anyway.”
“I happen to know that this girl is fantastic.  She came very highly recommended by a colleague.  I’m not in the least bit worried.  She can handle it.” I stop myself before I say anything more.  Dad gave me the green light on this.  Jacob’s just trying to get a rise out of me.  
“She’s fantastic, huh.” He clucks his tongue.  “I bet she is.”
Jacob’s always been great at mind reading and it drives me nuts.  Also, I have the worst lying skills, ever, and I pray that he doesn’t dig out of me what happened with Ruby before I left.  I try to dodge the question by simply ignoring him, but I know that that won’t work.  My brother is a born asshole, and he doesn’t let anything go, which is why we don’t speak.  Today is an exception.  It’s difficult to not speak under the circumstances.
“Did you make that conclusion before or after you banged her, Terence?” he asks coolly.  “Because I’m sure that dad wouldn’t be too impressed to know that you’re sleeping with the help.”
“She’s not the help, Jacob.  She’s a fully qualified professional who is doing a wonderful job looking after what personnel responsibilities we have back on US soil, so just…let it go.”
“Fully qualified, huh.” He clucks his tongue again, and I want to slap him so hard, but I stop myself.  Dad should be back any moment, and we’re due to go to that meeting in five minutes. It wouldn’t bode well if we showed up all roughed up, with bleeding noses.
“Jacob…”  I warn.
“You in love with her, partner?” he taunts.
My voice raises an octave, like he’s just said something so ridiculous.  “No.”
“Better watch out, then, Terence.  You know that chicks will try to get in by fucking you. I’ve seen it.”
“Well, that’s where you’re wrong.  Ruby’s not like that.  I asked her out.  I kissed her first.” Shut up, stupid!  What the hell did you tell him that for?
He laughs, as if I just told him a joke.
“And just what in the hell is so funny?”
“With a name like that, she sounds stupid enough to sleep with a fucking mama’s boy like you.”
I speak through gritted teeth.  “You say one more thing, Jacob, and I swear to God, meeting or not, I’ll tear your fucking tongue out of your head.” 
He laughs again, and I’m just about to pounce on him, when dad walks into Jacob’s room.  He takes one look at us and knows what’s going on.  “Ah, I see you two boys are getting along.” His tone drips with sarcasm.  “I take it we’re late for the next meeting.”
“No, but in another minute, we are.” Jacob says, grunting as he gets up out of the chair.  
I want so badly to cuff him up the side of his head as he walks by me, glaring at me, as if to say, ‘you fucking loser, dad saves me again’.  And we head off to the meeting.

***

We leave the meeting confused, Jacob and I.  Dad agreed to some twisted plan for the plant in the Philippines, and neither of us have any idea why, but this isn’t the first time.  Dad is an evil genius, and he’s shown his chops on more than one occasion, so we don’t question his motives. The man has been running a successful business for more than thirty years for a reason.  This is no exception.  As we ride back to the hotel in the limo, dad looks at me.  “Are you heading back home, son?”
“If I’m no longer needed here, yes.”
Dad nods.  “How is the head hunter working out?  Do we have some reliable staff at the new plant now?”
My turn to nod.  “Definitely.” I run off the list of positions that should now be fulfilled.
He looks pleased.  Jacob’s face sours.  “Terence better be more careful with this head hunter.”
I give him a warning look.
He has dad’s attention.  “Oh?”
“Go ahead and tell him, dipshit.” Jacob says, muttering hatefully, not even looking at me.
Dad looks at me.
I look at Jacob.  “Thanks, asshole.”
“What’s the problem, Terence?” Dad asks, genuinely concerned, but not coldly, like Jacob.
“There is no problem, dad.” I say with conviction.  “Jacob just has it in his head that Ruby is after more than a business deal.”
The ghost of a smile crosses dad’s face.  He’s caught on.  “It would suit you to venture past business deals, too, Jacob.” He says, addressing my brother, but still looking at me.  “It would do you both some good.”
And that’s the first smile I’ve seen cross dad’s face in a while.  Maybe for as long as I can remember.

Chapter 4
Ruby
So, I have two new clients, and my deal with Terence is almost over.  It’s been a busy month, to say the least.  While Terence has been overseas, I’ve been keeping up with the personnel training, onboarding, orientation, and everything in between.  Doing what I do best.  Originally, he said he’d only be gone a few weeks, but a few weeks has turned into nearly a month.  I’m totally okay with that. It’s given us space, and it’s also given me time to realize that he is so not for me.  Although he’s kept in touch, it’s been mostly business-related, and I’m very okay with that, too.  We’re not meant for each other.  What happened last month was a one-night thing, an accident, and we both seem to have let it slide under the carpet.
It’s been a bit of a relief that Terence has been overseas, frankly, and I feel my nerves on edge as I know that he’s coming home today.  Silly, I know, because he’s been gone for over a month, and whatever spark of what we might have had has now fizzled, and I believe it to be mutual, until I get a weird text from him when his plane lands.  He says that he can’t wait to see me, and I’m not sure what that means, so I let myself be a girl, and I call Kate as soon as I’m home from the office.
“Rubes!” She answers, surprising me.
“Kate?” I chuckle.  “Are you high?”
“No. I just had a fantastic day for a change!  Layton was off sick, and will be for a few days, and it was the best day ever!” she’s giddy.
“Well, I’m glad to hear that.  I was wondering what was up. I didn’t get any seething text messages, plotting his death today.”
She laughs.  “So, what’s up?”
I lick my lips.  “Okay, I’ll keep it short, but let me obsess like a drama queen for just a minute, okay?”
“Sure.” I can hear her shrug.
“Terence is home.  He sent me a text message.  I’ll read it to you, and I want you to tell me the first thing that pops into your mind.  No holds barred.”
“Shoot.” She says, ready.
I put her on speaker and read it to her.
“It could mean a couple of things, Roob.  It doesn’t mean that you’re all he’s thought about while he’s been away though, so don’t start jumping to conclusions.” She says reasonably. “I mean, hell, I’d miss you like crazy if you were gone for a over a month, too.”
“Yeah, but I love you.  He doesn’t love me…oh my God…does he?”
Her voice is flat.  “Breathe.”
I draw in a deep breath. “Okay, yeah, I’m being ridiculous.”
“Thank you for coming back down to earth.”
“So, what now?  Act nonchalant?  Hide?  Keep it all business?”
She doesn’t hesitate.  “Ding ding ding!  Door number three!”
“So, just be professional.” I say, as if digesting.
“Yes, exactly.  Don’t lose your cool.”
“Okay.” I lick my lips and swallow.  “Okay.” I say, as if testing the word out.  “So, act like we didn’t sleep together, and we should be fine.”
“Not unless he brings it up, Ruby.  Let’s not be a total ice queen.”
I whine.  “What do you mean?”
“Well, just that, silly.  If he brings it up, don’t leave him out in the cold.  Talk about it.  Let him know that you’re not feeling it for him.  Don’t lead him on.”
“Like I did on the first date.” I say, semi-facetiously.
“Hey, you didn’t lead him on, from what I understand.  He kissed you first, girl.  Let’s not forget that.”
“Yeah, but I also didn’t stop him.  In fact, I did the exact opposite.”
She sighs, exasperated.  “Do we have to do this again?”
A pause.  “No.  I…I get it.  I’m just…this relationship shit is soooo not for me.”
“I hear ya, girl.  I’m right with ya.”

***

My palms are literally soaked I’m so nervous.  Terence is coming by the office today, so I can catch him up on all the goings-on while he’s been away, and I had to fake an incoming call to get rid of him on the phone.  He was starting to sound…gooey.  I cringe just thinking about it.  He wanted to come by my house, since I stupidly told him before that I work a lot from home, so I had to make it up that I was at the office, when I wasn’t. In fact, Maria wasn’t even there today, but I had to call her in for the occasion.  I’m losing it!  I can’t have Terence in my house!  What if he makes another move?
I’m obsessing when I hear Maria buzz me on the phone, letting me know that he’s here.  “Sure, let him in.” I say, wondering why I didn’t give her those same instructions earlier.  
He walks into the office with a perfunctory smile.  I rise from my desk.  “Terence.” I hold out my hand for him to shake.  He shakes it, but he also gives me a quick buss on the cheek.  He did the same thing at the beginning of our date, so I’m not too worried about that move.
“You look great.” He compliments, as he sits down.  He adjusts his tie, and I’m not sure if that’s a nervous gesture, or if it really needs adjusting.  
“You, too.  How was the Philippines?”
“Good.  Productive.  I hear it was much the same here while I was gone.”
Good sign.  Getting right down to business.  “That’s right.  Everything is in place.  You’ve got a full line of staff, less one HR Assistant, who just had a death in her family right before her start date, so we gave her a grace period of three days.”
“Sounds great.  Any feedback from staff?”
Recognition comes to my face.  “Oh, yes, one of the new hires is pregnant.  Just hit her second trimester, but not to worry, I already have a lead on a replacement when she goes on maternity leave.”
“Excellent.”
We walk through what training has been completed, and other administrative stuff, plus the bill, and when we’ve gone through everything, Terence looks at me.  “I’m…sorry that I kind of loved you and left you.” He stares at his hands. “That stretch of travel had been in the works for months. I never intended on abandoning you.  And I’m even more sorry about me not keeping in touch often.”
I wave. “Not to worry, Terence.  We talked about taking things slow.”
He scoffs, eyes widening.  “Yeah, not that slow.  Can we…start over?  Can I take you out…to a restaurant this time?”
I swallow, feeling what little breakfast I had, creep its way up my throat.  “Terence, I think that both you and I are not in a place where we can be in a relationship.  Not at the moment, anyway.  Let’s be real here.”
The muscles in his jaw are working.  “I understand.” He looks up at me.  “But what if I want to try and make things work between us?  What if we really have something here?  I’d like to explore it further.” He licks his lips. “What do you think of that?  Our business dealings with one another are almost nil, and if you feel that that’s an obstacle, well, you went and personally hired me an HR manager.  You can liaise through her.”
Oh, God.  I so don’t want to be cruel, but I want to throw up, just thinking about a relationship.  It’s not him.  I keep trying to tell myself that.  I don’t think it’s him.  Is it?  No.  It’s just the constant thinking and rationalizing, worrying about if I’m doing the right thing. I can’t focus.  I don’t need this right now.  But I also don’t want to hurt the guy or ruin the business relationship that we have.  Also….am I really giving him a fair try?  That little voice inside my head is screaming, but I don’t know which side that voice is on.  The ‘go out with the guy again, and see where it goes’ side, or the ‘run for your fucking life and don’t look back’ side.  
“Sure.” I say, too quickly, pasting on a smile.  “Sure.  In fact, I’m free tonight.  Let’s go out to dinner. My treat this time.”
His face brightens slightly, but my heart sinks.  
“Okay.  Shall I come pick you up?”
God, no.  Don’t let him in your house. “No, I’ll meet you there, straight from work.” I suggest a restaurant nearby.
“That sounds fantastic.” He lifts his hands in the air.  “And I absolutely promise that this time…as God is my witness…this time I will keep my hands to myself.”
I smile.  
…you bet your ass you will.

***

“God, and I thought I was bad at men.” Kate says, chiding me.  “Why didn’t you just tell him you’re busy?  Like for the next year?”
“Please.” My voice is flat.  “The guy is not going to give up, Kate.  You should have seen the look on his face. I swear he’s like a little boy stuck in a man’s body.”
“Aren’t they all?”
“Not helping.”
“Fine.  At least you did it right this time, by meeting him at the restaurant.  This way you’re guaranteed no funny business.”
“Let’s hope.”
“The only way that that’s going to happen is if either of you invites the other back to their house.” 
“My house is a mess. That’s not happening.”
“And you know that his isn’t.  He’s got some lady there to clean, right?  Just…don’t cave.”

***

I’ve done speeches at conferences in front of thousands of people, headed training programs for hundreds of aggressive salesmen, and performed countless tasks under pressure with huge audiences, but never in my life have I ever been so nervous as I am now, as I wait in the restaurant for Terence, who is running late.  In the back of my mind, I’m hoping that he flakes on me, but then I see his expensive Mercedes pull up into the parking lot, and I realize I’ll have no such luck.  The nausea bubbles up in me, and I have to count backwards from ten, so I won’t throw up.  This man does things to me…and I have no idea why.
Why does he have this effect on me, anyway?  I ask myself, as I watch him exit his car, and walk up the pathway, to the inside of the restaurant.  Terence is a good-looking guy, no doubt about it.  In fact, I observe a few females at another table, as they watch him walk, step-by-step, into the restaurant.  He’s a great catch.  Rich, decent, grounded, successful, and he’s not an asshole, which is more than I can say for most of the men out there, with few exceptions.  So, why does my body reject him so much?  It seems it either rejects him entirely, or, like our first date, devours him, but then pushes him away.  
I can’t explain it.  And I don’t have time to think about it, as I see him being led to me, at our table.  I rise, and give him a handshake, which he adds a kiss on the cheek, and I reciprocate, stupidly.  The thought of food or wine makes me want to gag, but I take the menu being offered to me, anyway, and have a seat.  Terence gives me a warm grin.  “So sorry I’m late.  The meeting ran overtime, and I had to actually tell my father that I had a date, so he’d let me off the hook.  My brother had a field day.” He adds in a nervous chuckle for good measure.
“That’s okay.  I was a little late myself, to be honest.” I pick up the menu, giving myself something to look at, besides him.  His face is aglow with something.  Then he reaches out to my hand, and I try like hell not to recoil, and it almost doesn’t work, but a bout of nausea diverts my attention.
“So, how are you doing?  You look great.” He says, rubbing his thumb on the top of my hand.  I pretend that he’s someone else, someone who doesn’t make me feel like I’d rather die than be here.
“Great.  It’s been a busy month, but good.  I have two new clients.” I state.
“Bet that’s nothing new for you.  You’re great at what you do.”
“Thanks.  I’ve worked hard to get to where I am.”
“You have.  And I can attest.”
He’s smiling at me, and I can’t hold it back.  I have to puke.  I prayed and prayed that I was coming down with something when I started feeling unwell this morning, and my prayers have finally come through.  “Can you excuse me?”
“Sure.” He says, releasing my hand.
I get to the washroom just in time.  After I finish, I thank God that now I have an excuse to leave, that I’m sick.  And I waste no time getting back to the table to tell him that.  Because I peeked in the mirror before heading back, I know that I look hideous.  When I puke, I look like I’ve been crying for days, and my voice cracks, too, for dramatic effect.  Terence looks concerned, and offers to come home with me, to take care of me, but I quickly veto that.  
As I’m driving home, I call Kate.
“That was fast.” She comments.  “Did he make a move and you clocked him one?”
“No.” I sniff, still feeling a little unwell.  “I just puked my guts out.  Like…bad.”
“Really?  How come?”
“I don’t know…I think I’m just nervous around him.”
“You?  Queen of public speaking?  Master of the floor?  No, he doesn’t make you nervous.  Not buying that.” she scoffs.  “Do you have a fever?  Is there something going around?”
“Well, Maria’s not sick, and I was only with Terence for two minutes.  He just came back from Southeast Asia, so maybe he transmitted something to me from there, when I saw him earlier today.”
“It wouldn’t come along that quick, Rubes.” She says.  Then she’s silent for a minute.  I hear her gasp.  “Um…Rubes?...when was your last period?”
I exhale, exasperated.  “Kate, I love you, but I don’t fucking know. I have it on my calendar, but I’m driving, so I can’t look it up right now.”
“It’s worth a check, Roob.  When you fooled around with Terence, were you careful?  Did he use something?”
“No…but…it lasted, like…five, ten minutes tops, Kate.  I can’t be pregnant.”
“Forgive me for being brash, but…did he blow his wad in you?”
“Do you want me to puke again?”
“Answer the question.”
Another sigh.  “Yes…yes, he did.”
“I’ll see you in a minute.” She says and she hangs up before I can respond.

***

Hands in the hair at the side of my head, face at the floor, sitting on my bed, with my elbows resting on my knees, I stare into nothingness. “What the fuck am I going to do?” I murmur to myself.
Kate sits next to me, rubbing my back, holding the positive pregnancy test in her hand, as I run through a million things in my mind, none of which include diapers and midnight feedings.  
“Well, you can have an abortion.” She says levelly.  “I know that having kids is not in your plan, for like…ever.”
I shake my head.  I have certain morals, standards, and I remember I did a project in junior high, on abortion. Ever since then, the very thought of it makes me even sicker than the thought of sleeping with Terence again.  “Kate, I can’t.  It’s making me sick just thinking about that.”
“So, you’re going to have it?”
“I don’t…I don’t know.”
“You can put it up for adoption, too, Ruby.  There’s always…that…more decent approach.”
I’m silent for a few minutes, still trying to digest the fact that I’m with child. 
“Are you going to tell Terence?” she asks, breaking the silence.
“I knew a girl in high school who got pregnant and didn’t tell the father.  After she had an abortion and he found out about it, he went mental.  Like, serious mental problems.  I know that Terence isn’t the guy for me, but he’s a decent guy.  I can’t do that to him.”
“But what if he still wants a relationship with you?  What if he wants to, like, get married…raise the kid together with you?  Are you ready for that?”
“God…no.” I wince.
“Well, you slept together over a month ago, so you’re about six weeks along, Rubes.  This at least gives you some time to think about your options.  Maybe you need to go see your doctor and perhaps a counsellor more versed in this type of thing.  I’m certainly no expert on it.”
“Thanks, Kate. I appreciate that.” I say, lifting my head.  
“Who knows.  This could also be a false positive.  Pregnancy tests aren’t always accurate.  Get the blood test done to be sure.”
“I knew I could count on you to be the level-headed one here, Kate.”  I lick my lips.  “Thanks.”

***

Turns out, the test was lots positive.  I’m good and pregnant.  Seven weeks by the ultrasound.  And after days of obsessing over it, I’ve decided to have the baby and put it up for adoption, pending what Terence says about it.  Surely, he doesn’t want to raise it, given that he’s just as, if not busier in his career, as I am.  He’s been calling to check on me, and I’ve been dodging his calls, not ready to deal with it yet.  I keep texting him to say that I’m feeling better, but the truth is, I’m not.  The doctor gave me some ginger pills, which have helped with the nausea, but I’m feeling like a bag of rocks, and it’s everything; the pregnancy, the pressure, the stress of making the right decision, you name it, it’s all making me sick.
Finally, I decide it’s time to tell Terence, because I need him to back off and give me some space.  So, I tell him I’m coming over, and he’s as giddy as a schoolgirl.  If he has the wrong idea, I’ll set him straight the second I get in the door. I’m done with this pussy-footing around with him.  Instead of his maid or cook, or whatever the hell she is, answering the door, he answers the door.  “Hi, Ruby.  So nice to see you.” He says sweetly, and he kisses my cheek, but I don’t reciprocate.  I know that there’s a puss on my face, and I don’t care anymore.
“You want something to drink?”
“No, thanks.” I say, almost tersely.  “Can we sit down?”
“Sure.” He nods, gesturing to the couch in the living room.  
We sit down and I don’t screw around, I just come out with it.  “Terence, I’m pregnant.” I pause for a beat, looking at him.  His face looks like a still photograph.  He’s not moving.  His expression is impassive.  “That’s why I was sick that night at the restaurant, that’s why I’ve been avoiding you.  I have had so much to think about, and that’s also why I’m here.”  Another pause.  “I know that this is a shock, and you can take all the time that you need to come to terms with it.  I’m not asking for anything from you, but I’d like you to know that I’ve decided to have the baby and put it up for adoption.”
I feel like I’m rambling, but I’m on a roll, and I don’t want to lose my gumption to fully explain myself.  “Neither of us are in any position to raise a child, we’re not in love, and I can’t stomach the thought of having an abortion, so that leaves adoption.”  I take a breath.  “You can think about that all you like, but that’s what I’ve decided to do.”
His eyes finally move.  He stares at the floor and licks his lips, and I feel like he needs to catch his breath.  
My voice is soft, fair.  “Do you want me to leave, so you can have some time to think?  Or maybe I can go for a walk or something?  Let you regroup?” I’ve used this tactic in the past when having to let someone with tenure go.  They often cry and it’s very traumatic and upsetting.  Especially when I have to do an exit interview right afterward.  The world is a cruel place.
He lifts a hand.  “No, it’s fine.” He licks his lips.  “And you’re sure that you don’t want to have an abortion.” He stops himself, shaking his head.  “Never mind. Forget I said that.  It’s barbaric.  I don’t know why I said that.”
I reach out and touch his hand.  “It’s okay, Terence.  I freaked out, too.  Say whatever you need to say and get it off your chest.”
He stares off to the side, fisting his hand under his chin.  “Jesus, I don’t know why I’m so shocked.  I mean, I was an idiot.  Didn’t even use a condom.”
“This isn’t anyone’s fault.  It takes two, after all.”
He nods.  “So, you don’t want to have it, and raise it, then?  Like, for sure?  How is that going to work with your job?  I mean, isn’t that going to look kind of funny, you pregnant, and then no baby?”
I swallow.  “I considered that.  I’m going to work remotely, and train my assistant, Maria, to sit in for me during important meetings. I’ll try to hide it as much as I can.”
“What about your family?”
“I…I haven’t told anyone yet.  Just my best friend Kate knows, and you.”
“How do you think they’ll take it?  I mean, won’t they try to sway you into having it?  At least, for me, that’s kind of easier, since nobody knows you, and you’ll be the one pregnant.  I’m just afraid that you’re going to be judged.”
“I’ll be judged more if I have it and try to raise it myself, putting the baby second to my job, creating a delinquent child to contribute to society.”
He purses his lips, considering that.  “Well, Ruby, we can try to raise the baby together.” He offers, and I feel like it’s half-hearted, but I’m not sure.  I don’t know the man well enough to determine that.  “I can hire a nanny, we can either share the baby, or you can move in here, with your own private room, whatever you want.”
“I appreciate that, Terence, really, I do, but I think that would be just forcing the issue.  Neither of us wants to be or are ready to be parents.  It wouldn’t be fair to the baby.”
He nods.  “No, you’re right.  I get it.” he looks at me. “I really wanted this to be something more, you know.”
I squeeze his hand again.  “Maybe in a different time, Terence.  But now isn’t it.  We both have so much going on in our lives, and we were both stupid enough to hop into bed together on a whim.  This is the price that you pay for doing things without thinking, I suppose.”
Another nod. “Yeah.  I guess you’re right.”  He draws in a deep breath and exhales.  “Thanks for…telling me.  I know some women would just, you know, go and make decisions, and just not bother telling the guy.  I’ve heard of that.  I’m glad you’re not like that.”
“I wouldn’t do that to my worst enemy, Terence.”
“I know.  I get that with you.” He licks his lips.  “Is there anything you need?  I mean, you’re going to need clothes and things, and what about the adoption agency?  Do you need help with that?  Whatever you need, I’m there, okay?”
“I appreciate that.” I search his eyes.  “Right now, I don’t need anything, but I’ll be sure to call you if something comes up.”
“Please do.” He says sincerely.  “Don’t ever be afraid to contact me.  And, Ruby, can we at least be friends?  I mean, I really like you.”
I level with him.  “And what happens if you start to feel a connection with the baby, and then we have to let it go?” I look at him for emphasis.  “I think it’s best if we stay apart.  We don’t need to complicate things.”
“So, I guess that means that we can’t do business together either, then.  I’ll have my people call your people kind of thing.” He says, almost scoffing, disappointed.
“Terence, this isn’t easy for me, either.  I know that you wanted us to be more than what we are, but we’re not, and this baby isn’t going to change that.”
I feel awful.  I feel like I’m being cold and cruel, but this is for the best.
“Okay.” He says after a beat.  “If there’s anything you need, please don’t hesitate.”
“I won’t.  I promise.”
He sees me to the door, after trying to coax me to stay, and as I exit his house, I get a sinking feeling that this isn’t over yet.
…and the coming weeks will tell the tale.

Chapter 5
Terence
I’m…numb.  That’s the only way to describe it.  Ruby is having my baby and putting it up for adoption, and there’s not a damn thing that I can do about it.  What rights do I have here?  Zero.  It’s tearing me up inside, and again, there’s not a goddamn thing that I can do.  Do I really want the baby?  I don’t know.  But I’d like to have the option.  At least she’s not having an abortion.  I think I’d have to put my foot down if that was what she decided.  But the thought of my child growing up without me as their father…it tears me up.  There has to be something that I can do about this.  
Maybe she’ll come to her senses.  Maybe she’ll decide that she doesn’t want to give the baby up for adoption.  She said something about being afraid that I’d develop a connection to the child if I spent time with her, well, what happens if the same thing happens to her?  I’ve heard of parents deciding at the last minute that they want to keep their child.  Maybe Ruby will be like those women.  I know I’m not cut out to be a dad right now, but I can certainly try, if she’d give me a chance.
As I watch her pull out of my driveway, I feel like it’s my duty to keep watch on her, to make sure that she’s okay, even though she told me that we should stay apart.  It’s not right.  I want to be there to support her.  I want to be there in case she realizes that she’s made the wrong choice and wants to keep the baby.  And I make up my mind to stay at arm’s length.  Ruby will see the light.  She’ll see that I’m here for her.
At any rate, I have meetings piled up for the next while, and tons of work to do, and there’s no time like the present to be preoccupied.  And just as I dust myself out of my reverie, my cell phone rings.  It’s my brother, which sets my hackles up.  He never calls me unless it’s an emergency.  The last time he called me one of our plants was about to blow up.  “Jacob.” I answer tersely.  He says two words to me that say nothing, but yet say everything.  “It’s dad.”

***

Jacob is standing by the door to the emergency department when he sees me.  He looks pissed off and stressed, a strange combination that I’m so used to seeing, especially around me.  “What happened?” I say, walking with him.
“We were on our way to a meeting, and he just collapsed.  Dropped like a sack of potatoes.  Based on his blood pressure, which is through the roof, they’re saying that he had a heart attack.”
“Have you been in to see him?”
He shakes his head.  “They won’t let me.  They’re working on him.  I rode over in the ambulance and I’ve never seen anything like it.  He fucking flatlined right on the goddamn gurney.”
“Jesus Christ.” I rake a hand through my hair.  “Have they given you any updates?”
“Terence, we’ve been here for five minutes.  You must have flown here.”
“I did.” I sigh, looking around, lost.  “Well, what do we do?  Do we start calling people?” 
“I assume you mean mom.” He says, and I detect a hint of snark in his voice.
“Among other people, yes.”
He’s about to say something snide, by the way his face is, when a doctor comes out of the emergency department.  He recognizes Jacob.  “You boys want to come with me for a moment?” he says, guiding us to a room on the other side of the door.
We do as we are instructed, both our faces clear that we’re waiting on important news.  As soon as we sit down in the room, the doctor closes the door and takes a seat, clasping his fingers together, as his elbows rest on his knees.  His face is tight and unreadable.  He’s wearing a white smock, a stethoscope is draped around his neck, and his identification badge is pinned to his left lapel pocket.  “I’m afraid we weren’t able to save your father.  He had a massive heart attack and died within minutes.  We tried to resuscitate him, but…” he trails off, shaking his head.  “I’m so sorry.”
Jacob puts his head in his hands, sliding his fingers through his hair, while I stare at the doctor, listening intently, thinking that there’s more, but there isn’t.  “Wh…what do we do now?” I ask, knowing that dad has premade funeral arrangements, something morbid he did years ago, along with making a will, after mom left and the divorce was settled.  I explain this to the doctor.
“Your father’s remains will go to the morgue.  All you need to do is call the funeral parlor and let them know that he’s passed.”
“Can we go in and see him?” I ask.
Jacob lifts his head. “No, no, I don’t want to do that.” he waves his hands outwardly, as if fending off a hoard of insects in front of him.
“Well, I do.” I say firmly.
He rises.  “Fine.  You go do that.  I’ll go make the fucking calls.” He slams the door with the heel of his hand before opening it.  
The doctor turns to me.  “Is there anything else you’d like to ask?”
“Yeah.” My voice is flat.  “How do you run a business that your father ran, after he drops dead, with a brother who hates the ground you walk on.”

***

We take zero time off to mourn our loss.  Mistake number one.  Jacob is in my face constantly, telling me how I’m doing this and that wrong, when dad gave me the green light on all these things ages ago.  It seems like Jacob is hungry for power since dad died, and it shows.  Jacob and I don’t see eye to eye on many business matters, and it isn’t until we get into a heated discussion, that something occurs to me.
“Why the hell do you think you’re taking over this business, you asshole!” I shout in our soundproofed boardroom.  “Dad never told us that you or me will take his position, so why are you suddenly all high and mighty?”
“Because dad and I worked closely on all the same things, fuckhead!  We were like yin and yang, jackass!  Of course I would take over for dad!  Who else would?  You?  I don’t think so!  You’re too busy souping up the bills and fussing with the ladies in HR!”
“Look, there’s only one way to settle this.” I say, glossing over his immensely untrue accusation of my actions.  “We need to find out what dad’s will says.”
“I already placed the call, jerkwad.” Jacob seethes.  “He’ll be here in an hour.  I’m done pussy-footing around you.”
“That makes two of us.”

***

We’ve cooled down after our heated argument an hour ago.  Jacob’s in his corner, and I’m in mine, both having retreated to our offices.  When the call comes in, we both go to the boardroom, where dad’s executive assistant has placed a coffee carafe and all the fixings, plus a box of donuts, in the center of the table.  It takes everything in me not to pour the whole goddamn carafe over Jacob’s head, and throw all the donuts at him, but I don’t.  
Dad’s lawyer is nobody we recognize. He has business lawyers and corporate lawyers, but this is an estate lawyer, I see, based on the card that he hands us.  “My colleague handled your parents’ divorce.” He explains, through a set of shiny teeth, definitely capped.  The man is probably dad’s age, wearing a suit one size too big on him, with white hair cut so short you can barely tell that he has any.  He’s got a pair of reading glasses hanging from his left breast pocket, and he introduces himself as Earl.
“Have a seat, Earl.” Jacob says in his kiss-ass voice, as if this man has any say in what the contents of dad’s will is.
“Thank you.  I’m sorry for your loss, boys.  I saw the obituary online and I wondered if I should call.”
“I see Jacob jumped on that right quick.” I say, trying to keep the snark out of my voice.
“Yes.” He says, removing his glasses from his pocket, perching them on the bridge of his nose.  He has a briefcase in hand, and he opens it, handing us each a stapled package.  “I’ve highlighted the important areas, if you want to skip to the third page.”
Turning the pages, I get to page three, and read it.  Some of the language is a little out there, and I look at Jacob, who is rotating from side to side on his chair, a move I’ve come to recognize as him being nervous.
“Can we cut to the chase, Earl?” I ask, growing tired and frustrated. I just want to know what the hell the next step is.  The funeral is tomorrow, and what the hell do we tell people about the business?  Ninety-five percent of the people who are attending this funeral are business-related.  We need to know what the future holds for this company.
“So, are we like, the sole owners of dad’s company now, or what?” Jacob asks, and I can tell that he’s also frustrated.
“Not exactly.” Earl says.  “Your dad has left a clause in his will.  If you’ll have a look at it at the bottom of the page.”  He explains.  “It’s a little unorthodox, but from what I know of your father, he always had something up his sleeve.”
I roll my eyes, giving Earl a look.  “Can you just tell us what’s going on?”
“Certainly.” Earl nods.  “I’ll read it aloud.  These are your father’s words.”
“Wait.  How come I don’t see that in here?” Jacob asks, shuffling the stapled package in front of him.
“Yes, because your father wanted this part to be read to you.”
“Just…get to the point.” Jacob says firmly.
Earl licks his lips, reading from the paper in front of him.  “It took a long time to come to this decision, and I want you to know that I have your best interests in mind, especially since I’m gone.  You boys have never been able to get along, no matter what the circumstance, and I know that if I leave both of you to run this company, surely, you’ll run it into the ground.” Earl licks his lips and glances at us, making sure that we’re paying attention, which urks me to no end.  “So I’ve decided to leave it to the first son who weds and brings an heir to the Daniels family.”
Jacob’s eyes widen.  “What?” 
Earl lifts a finger.  “I’m not finished.” 
“Keep going.” I say, sitting on the edge of my seat.
Earl clears his throat and adjusts his glasses that don’t need adjusting.  “Even though I’m dead, I would like to have grandchildren who can run this company, to keep it in the family for generations.  I know this will be difficult, given that neither of you has any interest in marriage or family, and this is why I’m giving you a timeline.  You both have six months to set a wedding date and conceive a grandchild.”
Jacob’s jaw is on the floor.  “What the FUCK!” he shouts.
Earl continues, and I think that he’s enjoying this.  “The first son who sets a date gets to be the new CEO, the second gets to work under him, in whatever capacity the CEO sees fit.”
Jacob’s face is in his palm.  He’s shaking his head.
“You also have one year to get married, or the deal is void.  If neither of you wed or procreate, the business gets sold, and the money goes to charity.”
Jacob’s laughing, and it’s one of those creepy laughs, without mirth.  
“This is a joke, right?” I ask, scoffing.  “Dad didn’t actually write this.”
Earl shows me the piece of paper, complete with a notarized stamp and signature on the upper left-hand corner, signifying its authenticity.  “I assure you this is no joke.”
“And what happens if our future wives are barren or something?  Or if we get divorced or annul the wedding after three months?  Then what?” Jacob asks, spewing off questions, like they’re accusations.
“There is plenty more detail in the package I gave you.  But this is the summary of it.”
Jacob shakes his head. He’s bouncing his heel up and down, so his leg shakes nervously.  “Jesus Christ dad had some fucked up ideas.”
“He’s always been like an evil genius.  Everyone’s always said that about him.” I comment.
“I knew your father for a long time, and the man was very intelligent, but this, this is very unprecedented.  He had some notion in his mind about his children, that’s for sure, but I’ve never seen anything like this before.” Earl volunteers.
“Is this even legal?” Jacob asks, his foot still tapping on the floor.
“Yes.” Earl nods.  “Unorthodox, but perfectly legal.”
“This sounds more like one of those goddamn trashy romance novels, you know?” I add.
“I have heard of things like this happening…not with any of my clients, of course, until this one, but that’s why sometimes with the elite, there are quick weddings and even quicker babies.  But it’s kept quiet.  They make it look like it wasn’t forced.  Don’t be fooled.” He lifts a finger for emphasis.
“I love it how he says that it’s no easy task.” Jacob scoffs, as something occurs to me.  “You know how many gold-digging whores there are out there?  If I go out and start looking for one…hell, I don’t even want to think about it.”
“I married my wife after knowing her for six weeks.” Earl volunteers.
“Yeah, but you’re like a hundred.” Jacob says, disrespectfully.  “Everyone’s parents and grandparents got married like that.  Post-war shit.  I’ve heard it a hundred times.” Another scoff.  “And she was knocked-up, too, I’ll bet, right?”
“She was expecting, yes.  But I’d already proposed.” Earl explains.
Jacob rakes a hand through his hair.  “As if we don’t have enough shit to worry about, what, with the funeral and all, and dealing with everyone crying and shit around here.  Now we have to find a chick, get married, and knock her up.  This is pure bullshit.”
“I think the point is that your dad knew he was losing a lot by running the business, and he didn’t want his boys to follow in his footsteps.” Earl advises.  “His marriage failed, his boys are constantly at war, and now he’s gone.  Your father probably felt like if he didn’t stop you both now, that your lives would be cut short, too.  And then who’s left to run the business?”
“This is bullshit.” Jacob repeats.
“Oh, come now, it’s not so bad.” Earl says.  “At least you’ll get to keep the business when all is said and done.”
“Yeah, well, why didn’t he just leave the business to us, and let us continue doing what we’ve been doing, huh?  Nothing was broken, so why do this?”
“Maybe he felt like things were broken…Jacob?” he guesses, and I realize that we never formally introduced ourselves, even though we’re probably known well enough on social media by now.
Jacob nods.
“Your dad completed this will shortly after he and your mom divorced.  He was probably feeling very regretful.”
“Regretful?” Jacob barks.  “My ass he was regretful.  Do you know how much money this company earns annually?  We’re growing so fast your head would spin, Earl.  Trust me, he was not regretful.”
“Money isn’t everything, Jacob.” Earl reminds.  I feel like I’m at a ping-pong match.  My gaze keeps pointing at one, and then the other, as this exchange is taking place.  Meanwhile, in my head, I’m almost laughing.  
“Clearly.” Jacob spits.  “If dad would rather see us married with children than focusing on keeping this business in a growth phase.  This is pure bullshit and I have half a mind to investigate if this is even legal.  It sounds as bogus as a fucking three dollar bill.”
“It’s perfectly legal, Jacob.” Earl says, handing him the sheaf of paper he showed me moments ago.  “See for yourself.”
Jacob looks at the seal at the top.  “Yeah, well, I’d like a copy of that, please.  I’m going to get a goddamn second opinion on all of this bullshit.” he seethes.
“That sounds fair.” Earl frowns.  “But keep in mind that time is a wasting.”
Jacob’s nostrils flare.  I intervene.  “Thanks for coming, Earl.  I suppose we’re to get in touch with you when everything is in order?”
“Err…yes.  Send me your marriage licence and I’ll give you details on the rest.”
Jacob laughs again, with that creepy chuckle, when Earl tells me this, as if it’s just a pure joke.  I see Earl out, and close the door, waiting for Jacob to lose it.  But he doesn’t.  He sits in the chair, pumping his leg up and down, biting his nails.  We’re silent for a beat, as I look through the package again, and then the other sheaf of paper.  He looks like he’s about to say something, but then he just shakes his head.  
“How the fuck are you so goddamn calm?” he finally says, with firmness and demand in his voice.
I swallow, folding my arms across my chest calmly, and look at him, the fool that he is, while I’m thinking that I’m already halfway to the finish line, and he’s sitting here, a nervous ninny, hoping for a loophole.  He waits for me to answer, so I let him stew, enjoying this way too much.  I wait until he looks like he’s about to go off and finally say, with satisfaction.  “You’ll see.”

Chapter 6
Ruby
After hearing about Terence’s father’s death, I feel horrible.  But not bad enough that I reach out to him.  I don’t want to give him any false impressions.  I’ve already made that mistake and look where it got me.  
Kate is the first to chide me when she asks if I’ve paid my respects.  “What do you mean, you haven’t even said anything to him?  What’s your problem?  Are you that cold-hearted that you can’t even say a simple ‘I’m sorry for your loss’ to him?”
“Kate, I figured if anyone would understand, it would be you.”
“I get it that you want to keep your distance, Roob, but for chrissake, the man’s father died.”
“I know he did.  I’m well aware.  But the last thing I need is to be the one to console him.  I’ve got enough problems.”
“Selfish much?” 
“Yes, I am.  But how quickly you forget what happened, Kate.  If I reach out to him, especially now that I’m carrying his child, he’ll be like a moth to a flame, and you know it.”
She’s silent for a moment, and then she swallows. “I guess you’re right. Besides, with his dad in the ground, who’s going to look after the business?  He and his brother are probably elbow deep in shit right about now.”
“Yes, exactly.  If anything, the more that I think about it, the more I feel like if I called him, I’d just be adding to his problems.  I’ll be a constant reminder of yet another responsibility that he has, even though I never asked anything of him.”
She’s at the office, and I am at mine, trying to figure out how many sweaters I can fit over my head when I finally start showing, so I can stay in the office as long as possible.  As luck would have it, my two clients prefer to meet in person, so I’m stuck doing business here, not from home.  Not that I mind, it’s just that I worry about when junior here starts to stick out from under my clothes.  I can hear her phone ringing.  “Shit, that’s Layton, and he’s in a bitch of a mood today.”
“When isn’t he, for the record.”
“Oh, he’s in a particularly foul mood today, since the latest budget was just published.  Yet another reason for him to growl at me.”
“I don’t know why you stay there, Kate. Seriously.  You’re the hardest working woman I know, the smartest, the most level-headed at the worst of times.  You deserve better.”
She scoffs.  “You want to hear something twisted?”
“Always.”
“I think sometimes I feed off it.  The negative energy, the stress, the pressure. Sometimes I feel like I’m at my best when Layton is the biggest asshole.  I can handle him, and I think that boosts my ego, as sick as that sounds.”
“Sounds like a strong, healthy relationship.” I tease.  “Just like if Terence and I were to force ourselves to be together for the good of our unwanted child.”
“Touche, my friend, touche.” She says.  “Talk to you later.”
“See ya.”

***

Okay, so, I didn’t even reach out to Terence, and now he’s acting like I did.  He’s called me three times this week, sent me flowers, to the office, no less, adding insult to injury.  I mean, I know that I have to tell Maria soon, but I’d like to decide when.  I have a doctor’s appointment this week, which slipped out in conversation, and now he wants to come.  I highly doubt it, buddy.  I really don’t like the idea of Terence being in the room with me, while I’m in a paper gown, getting el fresco in my obstetrician’s office.
But I let him come, despite my reservations, ignoring the screaming going on inside my head, telling me not to do it.  The experience itself is very awkward and disjointed.  It’s like being plunked down in a world where you don’t speak the language, don’t know the culture, and you’re somewhere in Alaska, when you asked to be on a tropical island in the Bahamas.  I want a refund.  I want a rewind.  This is not what I signed up for.  And Terence is acting like he’s papa bear, but fake papa bear, and the signals are so evident, even the obstetrician gives him a look like he’s the one laying there without clothes on from the waist down.
What’s worse, he asked me to go to lunch with him after the appointment, but that was easy to get out of, since we both have to work.  
“Why don’t we have dinner then?  Even a late one if you have to work late.” He offers.
“Terence, when I get home from work, all I want to do is sleep.” That’s the truth, by the way.  Being pregnant, for me, is like taking a sleeping pill at four o’clock each day and fighting my way to get to seven o’clock.
“So, why don’t we order in?”
He’s not giving up. “Terence, I thought we talked about this.  Really.  I don’t want any complications.”
“It’s not a complication.  It’s just dinner.  I swear.”
“I really don’t think that’s such a great idea, Terence.  I’m sorry.” I say.  “Call me later in the week, so I can give you an update on the personnel review.” I add, letting him know that I don’t want any further communication with him, other than for business.
“Sure.  Okay.” He says, but I see the disappointment in his eyes.  This is going to take a lot more effort than I expected…

***

“What do I do, Kate?  Change my phone number?  Get a restraining order?  What?  This guy can’t take a hint.” I ask, popping a piece of popcorn into my mouth.  Kate and I are watching a movie on a Saturday night.  I’m at her place, so Terence can’t hunt me down.  It was worth the five hour drive to Dallas from Louisiana.  Terence has called me three times today, left three messages, and at least that many texts.
“What’s his problem, anyway?  You told him straight up that you’re giving the kid up for adoption.  Most men would be glad to let you take on that responsibility and leave them out of it.  You would think that with his dad gone, that him and his brother would be out of their minds.  What’s his deal?” she says, taking a handful of popcorn, and stuffing it into her mouth, unceremoniously.
“I don’t know, but it’s getting on my nerves.  I’m this close to telling him to fuck the hell off and leave me alone.  He was lucky that I let him come to the obstetrician appointment with me.  I give him a little and he just keeps taking more.”
“Just keep dodging him, Rubes.  That’s all you can do.” She suggests. “You don’t think he’s had a change of heart, do you?” she looks at me, sipping her grape juice.  God love her for not getting wine and drinking it in front of me.
“I hope not.  I haven’t.  I’m not thrilled about the idea of blowing up like a balloon and pushing the kid out, but it’s better than the alternative, and I’m going to do everything I can to make sure that this kid is healthy, too.  I’m not a heartless person.”
“No, you aren’t, Ruby.  What you’re doing is noble.  And I’m not sure if what Terence is trying to do is noble.  Have you mentioned anything to him about getting in touch with the adoption agency?”
“Yes, I did mention it, and he seemed somewhat impassive.  I wish I knew the guy better, so I might know what’s going on inside his head.”
“He should leave you alone, like you asked.”
“In an ideal world, all men would listen to the women around them.  But we aren’t in an ideal world, where you don’t get knocked up by having unprotected sex for the first time ever, or for the first time having sex in ions, either.”
“True.  Hey, you want me to like, hire you a bodyguard or something?  I know a guy who does that kind of shit, and he can, like, follow Terence around.  See what’s up his ass.”
“How do you know someone who does that?”
“I’m an EA, Rubes.  I know stuff.  Confidential stuff.  If I told you I’d have to kill you, let’s put it that way.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, really.” she scoffs.  “You want me to give this guy a call?  It’ll be my treat. You won’t have to do anything.”
“What is he, like a P.I. or something?”
“Sort of.  He’s got his licence for it, but he also used to be a bouncer at a bar here in Dallas.  He’d scare the pants off any guy, and it’s not because of his girth, either.  The guy is a ninja.”
“How do you know all this?”
“I…know him.”
My voice is flat.  “You slept with him.”
She lifts a brow.  “I might have.”
“And you never told me about this?”
She waves.  “It was when you were away at a conference.  When you lost your phone, remember, a couple of years ago?  I couldn’t get in touch with you for a couple of days.  And after that, I just figured it’s best to not tell anyone.  Especially now, since the guy got married last year. Now I wouldn’t tell a soul.”
“Gotcha.  And you’re still in touch with him?”
She nods.  “He’s Layton’s little secret.  Which is the other reason why I don’t tell anyone about him.”
“But you recommended him to me.” 
“So?  He’s gotta eat, too, you know.”
“Why does Layton need him?”
“Because, he’s an asshole, and he’s the big gun at one of the biggest manufacturing companies in Texas.  Do you know how many people he’s pissed off just in Dallas alone?”
“This guy…is he like a watchdog or something?  Does he do stakeouts and stuff?”
“He is a P.I.” she states, as if that requires no further explanation.
“And he’s in Dallas?  He won’t mind traveling?”
“Nope.  That’s his job.”
I shrug.  “Alright, hire him.  It can’t hurt.  See what the hell is up Terence’s ass, and at the same time, keep him away from mine.”
“That’s exactly what I was thinking.”
My cell phone rings inside my pocket.  “It’s my neighbor.” I say, a ‘v’ of concern forms between my eyes.  Kate gives me a look.  “She goes for walks with me sometimes, and we watch each other’s houses when either of us are away.” I explain.  “But I know that she’s not away, or she would have called me.”
I pick up.  “Hi, Fil.” Her name is Filomena.  Fil for short.  She’s a cute little Italian woman.  Widowed.  Two grown kids.  
“Hi, Ruby.  Sorry to bother you, but are you expecting company?  There’s a guy driving a really nice Mercedes, parked at the bottom of your driveway.  Been there at least a half an hour.”
I look at my phone, counting how many of Terence’s texts I’ve missed.  Ten.  “Oh, thanks, Fil.  Yeah, he’s not going to be a bother for much longer.” I say, giving Kate a look.  I haven’t told Fil that I’m pregnant, or that it’s Terence’s baby.  The less people that know the better.  I’m hoping I can hide the belly under a trench coat so I can dodge my questioning neighbors.  Just as I tell her this, another text message comes from Terence.  “I’ll take care of it immediately.”
“Is everything alright, Ruby?  Do you want me to call the police?”
“No, that’s okay, Fil.  I’m not home, anyway. He’ll figure it out.”
“Are you sure?  Do you want me to keep an eye on him?”
“No, thanks.  He won’t be a bother much longer.”
We exchange quick pleasantries and I let her go.  As soon as I hang up, I say to Kate, my voice direct.  “Okay, call this old flame of yours.  Call him now.”

***

I work remotely from Kate’s place for the next week, and it’s great practice for Maria, for when I have to take time off, when I’m so big, I can’t hide it any longer.  She does very well, too.  Thankfully she’s been with me for a while, and she already knows most of the business, and it sets my mind at ease.  But what doesn’t set my mind at ease is the frequency of Terence’s calls and texts.  I responded to one of them, letting him know that I’m out of town, but he doesn’t back down.  He’s incessantly texting me, asking me to go out with him.
“The guy’s sick if you ask me.” Kate comments.  “His dad is dead and he’s off his rocker.”
“There isn’t any other explanation for this.” I agree.
“Well, I tell you one thing.  You’re not going home until Slav gets back with at least a preliminary report.  You’re not going within ten feet of that stalker.”
“Can I call the cops and report him?  I mean, this is insane.  The guy is clearly obsessed.”
“You can, but I don’t know what good it’ll do.  Remember that Terence Daniels is very wealthy.  He can probably buy his way out of anything.”
“Well, what about outing him publicly?  Or at least threatening to?  That ought to take him down a notch or two.”
“And then you’ll have to risk going public with your little secret, too, Rubes.”
My eyes widen.  “I’d completely forgotten about that.”
“I suppose anything I do at this point is going to risk that.  He could easily rebuke by making it public no matter what I do.”
“Exactly.  Let’s just see what Slav has to say.”
“Slav?”
“It’s his nickname.  Short for Slavica; his surname.”
“What’s he like, Russian?”
She nods.  “Yep.  Russians are great lovers, too.”
I gloss over that.  “Did he have anything to say to you so far?”
“Nope.  But he’s been following our friend all week.  And he’s damn good, so I bet by tonight, he’ll have something.”

***

Kate calls me while she’s on her way home from work.  “Rubes, Slav is coming over tonight, just a heads up.”
“Okay, good.  I need to get back home and get some more things.  I was hoping that he’d have something today.”  The way Kate was talking, Slav should have had something two days ago.
“What do you need?”
“Clothes, mostly.  But I do need to check my mail, too.” I have a communal mailbox with only one key.  I never thought to leave said key with Fil.  I didn’t know how long I would be gone.  
“Home mail or work mail?”
“Oh, Maria checks work mail, that’s no problem.”
“What mail do you get at home?  Don’t you get your bills emailed to you?”
“Yes, but, you know, I feel better when my mail’s checked.  Every now and again I’ll get something aside from junk in it.”
“Sounds like you’re getting sick of my company and looking for an excuse to bail.”
“You?  I’d never get sick of you.” I say facetiously, and only half-joking.  I’m so used to living on my own, it is weird living with someone else, especially Kate, who is a hopeless nighthawk, and a total pig.  She also can’t cook to save her life, so I’ve taken over the kitchen.
“You’re a real delight, too, sweetheart.”
“Shut up and get home.” I chuckle.

***

Slav walks in the door, and he is not what I expect.  He’s tall and covered in lean muscle, but Kate was right, he’s not a big guy at all.  Wiry, and clearly there is no tension between he and Kate, since they hug each other, like they’ve been friends for years, and I guess that they have been.  He’s very polite and he has a slight accent, but if you don’t listen carefully, you’ll miss it. Kate invites him in, and he accepts a glass of water, as she offers it to him.  He takes a seat in the dining room, as we gather round the table.
“So, first of all, thanks for taking this job so quickly.  I know you usually have a mountain of work ahead of you.” Kate says, as we get down to business.
He waves.  “No, not at all.  I was in between jobs, actually.  Sometimes if you catch me at the right time, I can get things done immediately.”
“We appreciate that.” Kate says, and I nod.
“So, what can you tell us about Terence Daniels?” Kate asks, and I can’t help but feel like a fifth wheel.
“Well, I’ll cut to the chase.” He tilts his head, as if what he’s about to say is going to be a doozy.  I brace myself.  “I’m not proud of how I found this out.  And frankly, I could lose my licence for doing what I did, but based on the way that you described how he’s been harassing you,” he looks at me, “I thought it was in your best interest to find out what the story is.  For your safety.”
“Thank you.  That’s very kind.” I smile a warm smile.
“Slav’s little sister was kidnapped when she was small.” Kate explains, as a side note.  “That’s one of the reasons why he got into this business.”
Slav nods.  “Yes, that’s true.” Another nod. “Luckily she was found.”
“Thank God.” I say.
“Anyway, Mister Daniels senior, as you know, is deceased.”
We both nod.
“He has left conditions for his sons.  Conditions regarding the business.”
“What kind of conditions?” I ask.  
Kate might as well have another bowl of popcorn in front of her.  That’s how enthralled she is.
“The one who marries and brings an heir to the family in the next six months is the one who runs the business.” He explains.  “Which, I’m gathering, is why he’s so adamant on attaching himself to you.” He says to me.
I gasp, holding a hand in front of my mouth.  “Jesus!  Mister Daniels was even more of a loon than his son!”
Kate’s jaw is on the floor.
Slav shakes his head.  “You seem to be the target for Mister Daniels, I’m afraid.”
I look at Kate.  “What do I do?  Do I tell him that I know about this sick deal?”
“I don’t suggest any communication with him at all.” Slav says.  “This is a very powerful man, and although he has no record of aggression or violence, with his entire career and family business on the line, there is no telling what he may do. I’ve seen it, ladies.  It can be ugly.”
“Well, what about his brother?” Kate asks, curious.
“He and his brother have had some sort of disagreement since their mother left and their parents divorced.”
“So it’s like sibling rivalry at its finest.” Kate adds.
“Yes, exactly.” Slav agrees.
“Is there somewhere you can stay?  Where he doesn’t know where you are, and he can’t contact you?” Slav asks me.
“Just here.  I have family all over the place, but I also have a business in Louisiana, as you know.”
“Can you commute?  Can you stay here until the baby is born?” he asks.
“I…I don’t know.” I shake my head, feeling faint.  This is too much.  Way too much.  
“You okay, Rubes?  You look a little pale.” Kate asks.
…and that’s all I remember…

Chapter 7
Blake
The French fry that I’m eating nearly goes down the wrong pipe, and I have to quickly grab my beer to wash it down, sputtering as I try not to die.
“For fuck sakes.” Kate whines, rising.  She comes over and pounds me on the back, until I stop coughing.  
“You okay there, brother?” Zack chuckles, leaning over to rub my shoulder.  Pat walks away finally, as a customer approaches the bar.
I give Zack a nod, and then I address Ruby.  “You’re shitting me, right?  You’re not fucking seriously pregnant, are you?” I look her up and down.
“Yes.  I’m only nine weeks along, so you can’t tell…yet.” 
I look at her left hand.  “You’re not married.”
“Thanks, Einstein.” Kate snarks back.  “She’s well aware.”
“Are you going to get hitched?” Zack asks, sipping his beer, only remotely interested.
“No.” Ruby states, as if embarrassed.
“Don’t explain any further, Rubes.” Kate says.  “You don’t owe anyone an explanation.”
“This isn’t one of them artificial insemination jobs, is it?” Zack mutters, as if telling a secret.
“No!” Ruby hisses.  “Of course not!”
“You girls ain’t…like…lesbians, are you?” Zack asks boldly.  “Because I picked up on that a little with your friend here, seeing as she’s all…rough and aggressive-like.”
“I’m not a fucking dyke, no, asshole!” Kate barks.  “She got pregnant the usual way, by a guy, so back the fuck off.”
Zack lifts his arms in defense.  “Hey, I’m not saying I’ve got any problems with gays or nothing!  Chill out!”
“I don’t have a problem with them, either, shit-for-brains!  I’m just telling you that I’m not one!”
“Will you two please cut it out?” Ruby says, raising her voice.  “God, I’d rather walk back home than listen to this.”
“Yeah, can it, Zack.” I add.  
Zack ignores me and continues prodding.  “So, are you with the guy?  Or was this one of them one-night stand kind of deals?” 
“It was an accident.” Ruby sighs.  “No, I’m not with the guy.”
Kate shoots her a glare.  “Shut up, Ruby.” She says through gritted teeth.
Ruby pipes up.  “Well, what’s the difference?  He lives five hours away and doesn’t know where I am.  They don’t know who he is, either.” She says, gesturing to me and Zack.
“And let’s keep it that way.” Kate insists.
I lift my hand. “Look, we’re not trying to cause any trouble here, girls.  It’s not our business, we get that.  Zack here’s just a little too curious for his own good is all.”
“Yeah, well, didn’t you ever hear the saying, ‘curiosity killed the cat’?” Kate adds.
“We own a horse ranch, sweetheart.” Zack says.  “We ain’t afraid of no cats, see.” He says, with a little chuckle.
I address Ruby.  “When are you due?”
She tells me and I nod.  “Must be pretty rough, huh.  Expecting and all, and not having the daddy-to-be around for support.”
“The father was the problem.” Ruby states.  “Frankly, I’d rather do it all alone.”
“Well, that’s…real brave.  My mama had my daddy around right up until he passed…err…recently.” 
Ruby looks down at the table. “Sorry to hear that.”
“Thanks, doll.” I lick my lips. “Hey, have you had enough to eat?  You know?  I know that being pregnant, you need to eat more.”
“No, I’m fine, thanks.”
I look at Kate.  “What about you, sugar?  You need anything else?”
“No, we’re both fine.  I just want to get the hell out of here.”
“How about we follow you girls up to the service station?  Make sure the car doesn’t die on the way there.” I offer.
“Sure, that would be great.” Ruby says, grabbing her jacket and purse from the back of the chair.  Kate takes her things, too, and we head outside, as I salute Pat on the way out.  
“Now, just drive normal, see.  Not too fast, though.” Zack instructs, as we get into the truck and pull out of the spot.  “You get stuck, I got towing cables in the back here, so don’t you ladies worry about a thing.”
“Thanks.” Ruby says.
We don’t get halfway down the street, and the dang thing pops.  We hear it from the cab of the truck.  “Dammit.” Zack mutters.  The girls have pulled over and have their hazard lights on.
“It’s okay, girls.  We’ll have this thing towed up the street in a jiffy.” I say.
“Turn the engine off, there, so I don’t get scalded.” Zack calls to Kate.
Ruby gets out of the car.  “How come you guys carry towing cables around?”
“For the horse trailer.” I explain.  “We always have them around.  Got a set in each vehicle for that very purpose.”
“Ah.  That make sense.” And that’s the first time I see her smile.
“You like horses?” I ask, as Zack starts hooking the cables up.  He does it like it’s as normal as breathing.  
“Never really seen one or been up close, except if I was driving by.” She says honestly.
“Really?” I smile.  “Gosh, I think I was born next to one.”
She just grins.  She’s got a nice smile.  Better than that puss she was wearing earlier.
“How long are you in town for?” I ask.
“I just moved here.” She answers.
“Yeah?  How long have you been here in Dallas?”
“A week.”  She says with hesitation. “Had some…trouble back in Louisiana.”
“Something to do with the daddy, I’ll bet.” I say, but I’m careful about my tone.  It’s soft and understanding.  The kind of tone my mama used to use when we were talking about life and stuff.
“Yeah. Something like that.”
“You know…horses have been scientifically proven to lower stress.  Sometimes just being around them is calming.  And riding them really gets the strife out good.  I can attest.”
“Oh yeah?  Well, I’ll have to try that some time.”
“You come on over to the ranch whenever you like, darlin’.  I’ll give you a riding lesson on the house.”
“I’m…not sure if horseback riding is allowed when you’re pregnant.”
“My mama rode right until she gave birth, doll.  And I’d set you up with our most gentle girl, too.  It would be like riding on a cloud.”
“I thought it was dangerous.”
“You can check with your doctor first, of course, but Lollipop is a big lover.  She’s the horse we use when we’re teaching the little ones.  As gentle as a puppy, Lollipop is.”
She’s smiling, listening to me talk, as if my talking to her is calming.  
“You teach children?”
“Yes, ma’am.  We teach all ages. A ninety-year-old great meemaw came by just last month.  Learning to ride was on her bucket list, so her son bought her lessons.  Had the time of her life.”
“Really?” she smiles, enjoying my story.
“Sure am.” I nod once for emphasis.  “Y’all come by whenever you like.  Especially if y’all need an escape or two.  I know I’ve had my moments lately, too, darlin’.” I tilt my head to accentuate my understanding.  
“How long ago did you lose your father?” she asks, as a softness comes to her face.
“Just a few months, sweetheart.  The real problem’s keeping the ranch up and looking after our mama at the same time.” I explain, as Zack creeps under the car to check if the cables are engaged properly.  Kate is stubborn.  It has to be a hundred degrees in that car, without the air conditioning on, yet she refuses to come out.  The puss on her face rivals a kid who just got his favorite toy taken away.
“Looking after your mom?  What happened?” she looks concerned. Bless her.  I place my hand on her shoulder.  
“Ah, she’ll be fine, darlin’.  Just…having some trouble dealing with losing daddy is all.  We’ve got her in the hospital where she’ll be safe. She’ll be home soon. Been praying day and night for her.  I’m sure that God’s listening.  He knows best, sweetheart.”
Something in her face changes.  The softness turns into something else…something more, but I can’t figure it out.  We’re searching each other’s eyes for a moment, and I purse my lips into a warm smile.  “How are you feeling about having the baby, darlin’?” I ask carefully.  “It takes a tough woman to raise a child alone.  But something tells me that you can handle it.”
Zack interrupts, breaking the spell, before she can answer.  “We’re all hooked up.  You want to climb up front, sweetheart?  I’ll ask your friend Kate here to stay in so she can brake and steer for me.”
“Is it safe?”
“Sure, darlin’.  I’d never put anyone in harm’s way.” I say.  “Besides, it’s just up the street.  You can see the garage from here.” I place my hand on her shoulder and turn her around, showing her the lights for the garage.  “See?  Now, y’all gotta drive slow, but we’ll get there in no time.”
Satisfied, Ruby nods, while Zack opens the door and gives her brief instructions.  I open the passenger door for her.  “Y’all want a window seat or a middle seat?” I ask, playfully.
“It doesn’t really matter.  We’re only going up the street.” She answers, smiling at me.
“Hop on in there, princess.  We’ll get you there right quick.”
She hops in, but I give her a bit of a boost, since us ranch boys don’t use running boards, and our trucks are big enough to need a step ladder.  Zack hops in and turns the key in the ignition.  I rest my arm over the back of the seat as I close the door.  “Ready to roll?” Zack says.
“Let’s go.” I answer.
Two minutes later, we’re at the shop…which to our chagrin, is closed.  “Dang!  We missed them by twenty minutes!” Zack curses. 
“You sure it’s just a hose come loose?” I ask my brother.
“Sure as the nose here on my face.” he’s matter-of-fact.
“Well, can’t we get a hose at the hardware store and just…put it on for them?  Heck, we can handle that, I’m sure.”
Zack points to the Mercedes behind us.  “You sure Princess Pissed Off is going to fly with that plan?  She thinks we’re a dynamic idiot duo from what I get.”
“She’ll be fine.” Ruby says, as Kate comes up to the window of the truck.
“It’s closed.” She says, as if we didn’t already figure that out.
“Dang, you’re hot when you’re sharp, sweetheart.” Zack teases.  “How do y’all feel about us replacing the hose for you?”
“Are you qualified to do that?” Kate huffs.  “I mean, you practically snarfed your French fries through your nose.”
“How about I just plunk your lunchbox on wheels down and leave you stranded?”
I swat Zack.  “Cut it out, you two.  We can do it.  We’ll just need to take your car back to the ranch is all.  Hit the hardware store before it closes, otherwise we’re sunk until tomorrow.”
Zack looks at his watch.  “I think we’re already sunk, partner.  It’s past seven.”
“What?  This small town rolls up its carpets at seven?” Kate squeaks.
“That’s right.” Zack clucks his tongue.
“Jesus, what do you do after seven?” Kate asks.
Zack wiggles his eyebrows.  Kate rolls her eyes.  “Do you want me to puke?”
“Please don’t say puke.” Ruby says, turning green.
“Ah, shoot, sorry, darlin’.  You feeling okay?” I ask, giving her back a rub.
“Yes, I’m fine. Can we please just get to the ranch and figure out what we’re doing?  I’m exhausted and I have a meeting early in the morning.”
“Sure thing, sweetheart.” I say, giving Zack a nod.
It takes us four times the amount of time to get home than it would normally, because Zack has to drive extra slow, allowing for Kate to brake and steer safely from behind us.  The slow driving and the motion from the truck makes Ruby doze.  Her head ends up on my shoulder, and I give her a little cuddle, cradling her, so she doesn’t awaken.  
“I’m surprised she didn’t want to stick with her partner in crime.” Zack says, as he looks over, noticing that Ruby’s asleep.
“Probably thought it wasn’t safe.  She is pregnant, man. I don’t blame her.”
“Nothing to do with the fact that her bestie’s a bitch.” Zack scoffs softly.
I just grin at him knowingly.
When we finally reach the ranch, I rub Ruby’s shoulder gently.  “Hey, mama, we’re here.” I murmur softly.
She lifts her head, looking over at the ranch.  “God, it’s even more beautiful than when I saw it earlier.”
“Thanks, doll.” I chuckle.  “Remind me not to show you the inside.”
Her head turns back to me. “How come?”
“Let’s just say that me and Zack here have been left to hold down the fort.  There’s nobody and no time to do any cleaning of any sort.  The place is a pigsty.”
“You ain’t kidding.” Zack adds.
“How many people does it take to run a ranch?” Ruby asks.
“With our size, at least four or five.  When daddy died, we lost our lead hand, we have three other brothers who left the nest not long ago, and we’ve gone through so many ranch hands, we’ve lost count.” I explain.  “This place is like a revolving door.”
“If you need help with staffing, I’m a head hunter.” She yawns.  “This isn’t exactly my expertise, but it’s all the same; connecting companies with the right staff.”
“Oh yeah?” I’m impressed.  Never met anyone who did anything like that before.
She nods.
“Well, I may bounce a few ideas off you then.” 
Kate hasn’t budged.  It’s like she feels safer in a car that’s got the potential to burst into flames than outside of our ranch.  
“I’ll call over to the hardware store.” I offer, as Zack jumps out of the truck to disconnect the towing cables.
I hop out and lend Ruby my hand as I tuck my cell phone between my shoulder and my ear.  There is no answer at the hardware store.  “Nope.  Closed.”
“Do they always answer if they’re open?” Ruby asks.
“Definitely.  The woman who helps run it is quite the talker.   I’ve seen her run to the phone to catch it if she’s not in arm’s length of it.”
Kate, overhearing as she exits the car, says.  “They don’t have a cell phone like the rest of civilization?”
“Na, they’re older folks.  They still have the land line, just like Pat at the bar.”
“I’m not surprised.” Kate says, unimpressed.  “I bet they’re all related, too.”
Zack pipes up.  “You at it again?  Man, I ought to toss you in with the bulls.”
“Kiss my ass.” Kate says.
“Bring it on over.  Maybe that’ll take you down a peg or two.”
“Would you two stop it?” Ruby says, taking a hand through her hair.
I sense her frustration and exhaustion.  “Why don’t you come on over here to the porch and have a seat?  Take a load off.”
She doesn’t have to be offered twice.
I follow her up to the wooden, wraparound porch, where we have a long, cushioned, wicker, three-seater couch, and two other matching armchairs right beside the front door.  On the other side of the porch are two Muskoka-style chairs, and a small table in between.  Ruby chooses one of the armchairs to sit in, while I hang by the railing.
“Being pregnant sure takes it out of you, huh.” I comment.
“I’ve never struggled so much to get past seven o’clock at night.  I think I need toothpicks to hold my eyelids open.”
“Well, hopefully the child will be strong and smart, that’s what’s taking all the energy out of you.”
“With any luck.”
“What are you hoping to have, darlin’?”
She licks her lips, hesitating.  “It doesn’t really matter.”
“Yeah, I’d be the same, so long as he or she is healthy.” I agree.  “Are you going to do the modern thing and find out the sex?”
“Probably not.”
“I’m with you on that one, too.  There aren’t many good surprises today. That should be one of them.”
We see Zack toss the towing cables into the back of his truck, and Kate glaring at him, like he didn’t remove the cables to her liking.  
“Is she always this crusty?” I ask, gesturing to Kate.
“Get to know her.  Trust me.  She’s my rock.” Ruby says simply.
“Y’all need a lift home?” Zack offers. “We can grab the parts in the morning and have the hose put on before nine.”
“You don’t have to rush.  Kate can use my car.  I’m working remotely as it is.” Ruby offers.
“I’m not leaving my car here any longer than necessary.” Kate insists.
“Don’t worry, sugar.” Zack says.  “With these legs, I’m lucky if I can fit inside.  I promise you I won’t steal the thing.”
“Right.” Kate says facetiously.
“Tell you what.” I say.  “You can take my truck until we have your car fixed.  That way it’s an even exchange.”
“That’s not necessary.” Ruby says.  “Besides, you probably need your truck.”
“Not really, love.  I can use Zack’s or I can use one of the company vehicles in the barn.”
“I’m not getting into that bus.” Kate says.  “Forget it.  And we’re not insured, anyway.  With our luck, we’ll get ploughed on the way home, and you’ll sue us.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” I tut.  “We have exhaustive insurance on all of our vehicles.  In fact, it would take one call to put you on any one of our vehicles right now.”
“Kate, nobody’s stealing your car, okay?” Ruby states.  “Now, let’s figure out what’s going on, or I’m going to have to go lay down.  Seriously.”
“You want to go lay down, love?” I offer, feeling awful for the poor thing.
“No.  She doesn’t.” Kate says firmly.  “I’m not leaving you here.  Over my dead body.”
“Then let’s figure out what we’re doing, Kate.  I’m so tired I’m sleeping sitting up.”
“We have a guest house.” Zack says.  “You girls can sleep in there for the night if you’re not comfortable leaving your car here alone.”
“You think staying overnight is going to make me feel any safer?” Kate scoffs.  “God, you’re as stupid as you look.”
“Kate.” Ruby admonishes.  “Enough.  You’re way out of line here and you know it.”
Kate offers a thin-lipped smile.  “Fine.  I don’t want either of you knowing where we live, so just call us a cab.  We’re not far away.  I’ll leave my car here, since I know where you live, and if you do try anything funny, I can report it stolen.”
“You’re all heart, chickadee.” Zack says sarcastically.
“I thought you said you were from out of town.” I inquire.
“We are.  Just…outside of town.  Dallas.” Kate clarifies.  
“Kate, why don’t we just let one of them drive us home?  What’s the big deal?  We know where they live.”
Kate gives her a glare.  “How fast we forget the troubles that we left behind.”
Ruby looks defeated.  She doesn’t have the energy to deal with this bitch.  “This is a small town, girls.  Chances are a cab will have to come from Dallas, anyway.  It’ll be a lot faster for one of us to drive you.” I advise.
“Fine.  I’ll get you to drop us off on a different street.”
Ruby pipes up.  “Then you’re carrying me.”

Chapter 8
Ruby
I’m asleep before we hit the street, at least I think I am, because I awake in my bed.  I guess Kate relented, seeing how exhausted I was, and she must have let Blake bring me in.  He lays me in bed, and my eyes flutter open, just long enough to say thank you.  
“You’re welcome, darlin’.” He says softly.  “Sleep well.”
When I awake the next morning, Kate’s cooking up a storm in the kitchen.  “Good morning, sleepyhead.”
“Good morning.”
“Feel like puking or eating this morning?”
“Eating, actually.”  I yawn.  “I see your heart grew a couple of sizes last night, seeing as you not only let Blake drive us home, but you also let him drag me in here.”
“We couldn’t wake you up.  We didn’t have a choice.  You were so out of it.”
“I slept almost eleven hours.” 
“You needed it.”
I sit down as Kate brings me a glass of orange juice from the counter.  “Thanks.  So, what’s the plan?  Do we just show up at the ranch to pick up the car, or did you give them your number, so they could call when it’s done?”
“Option three.  I bought a disposable cell phone and gave them that number.” She jokes.
“You’re hilarious.”
She waves. “I gave Blake my number.”
“You were over the top last night, for the record.”
“Honey, after what bullshit you’ve been through, I’m not taking any chances.  Someone’s gotta be super protective of you, I consider that to be my job.”
“Well, you can put the brakes on a bit, Kate.  Half of that wasn’t necessary.” I say, and then sip my orange juice.
“I know.  But I let the guy bring us all the way home.  And I let him carry you into bed, so I relented…slightly.”
“Fine.  I’ll give you that.  But you don’t have to be such a hardass.  From the moment Terence asked me out, I had bad vibes about him, and I got nothing at all from those boys last night, so ease up, okay?”
“Alright.  On one condition.”
“What?”
“Next time, listen to your instincts.”

***

I drove Kate to work, so I could have my car for that meeting.  Kate texted me to let me know that the car was ready to be picked up.  I went to get her during her lunch, so she could drive her car back to work herself, and we could go our separate ways.  When we get to the ranch, both boys are outside.  Blake is walking a horse to some fenced area, while Zack is fiddling with the closure on the stable door.  Kate’s car is gleaming.  They must have cleaned it after they fixed it.  
“Howdy!” Blake shouts, looking up from his Stetson, as he says something to the horse, closing the fenced area up.
Zack looks up for a second, as he’s right in the middle of doing something to the door.  “I’ll be right there.” he calls.
Blake reaches us before Zack does.  “Good afternoon, ladies.” He says politely, lifting his hat off his head a couple of inches.
“Hi.” I say, smiling.  “Did you clean the car?”
“Yeah, we had the hose out anyway, giving Lollipop here a bath.  I just figured I might as well.  It got awful dusty overnight.”
“Thanks.” Kate says.  “You didn’t have to do that.”
“Did she say thank you?” Zack asks, jokingly.  “Shit, I didn’t know that word was in your vocabulary.”
She sticks out her hand demandingly, even though her smirk betrays her.  “Where’s my keys?”
Zack fishes them out of his pocket.  “She’s as good as new.  Runs like a charm.”
“Thank you.  How much do I owe you?”
A ‘v’ forms between his brows.  “You don’t owe me anything. The hose cost five bucks. It took me ten minutes to replace it.  Blake here spent more time scrubbing her down.”
“We at least owe you for driving us around, towing us, and the time it took to fix it.” Kate insists.
“No, ma’am.” Zack shakes his head, gesturing to the ranch.  “Take a look here.  We own a ranch.  We don’t need to take your money, but thanks anyway.”
“Well, you said that your house is a mess.” I say.  “Can we come back later and clean it for you at least?”
Blake chuckles.  “No, but y’all can hire us a maid.  You did say that you were a head hunter, didn’t you?”
“Sure, I can handle that.” I nod.  “That’s not a problem at all.”
“Throw in a couple of ranch hands, too, while you’re at it.” Zack suggests.  “If that’s not too much trouble.”
“No, not at all.” I nod again.  “If you give me some basic information on what you’re looking for, I can get a handful to you right away.”
“Okay.” Kate says. “I have to get back to work.  You can deal with that.” she looks at the boys.  “Thanks again for your help.”
“Not at all.” Blake says.
“Any time.” Zack says, waving, as he heads back over to the door.  “Blake, you can give her all that, right?  This dang door’s about to fall off the hinges if I don’t finish.”
“Sure.  You go on ahead.” Blake nods.  “Do you dare to come into my filthy house?”
“I’m sure it’s no filthier than mine is.” I say honestly, even though I haven’t been in my house in almost three weeks.  I had my cell phone number changed, too, which is a pain in the ass for my clients, but it had to be done under the circumstances.  Fortunately, Maria is fielding a lot of my calls still, but from home, and I’ve asked her to steer clear of the office for now, having explained the situation.  It was awkward telling her over the phone, but I can trust Maria.  She’s a hell of a person.  I’m glad and lucky to have her on my side.
“See for yourself.” Blake says, as we head up to the house.  I wave to Kate as she pulls out of the driveway.
Sure enough, the house is a mess, but speaking from a person used to living in small, cookie-cutter houses, this house is breathtaking.  It’s rustic and warm, with natural wood flooring throughout, and a wooden banister on the stairs leading to the second floor.  You can smell the wood there’s so much in it.  The scent is immediately comforting, as it reminds me of wood fires I had as a child, when we used to go camping.  
There is a wood fireplace anchoring the living room, and it looks like it’s been recently used, too.  Antique furniture is spread throughout, as well as leather-bound antique books lining the wooden bookcase on the other side of the fireplace.  And that’s just the living room. The dining area looks like it’s being used as a makeshift office, with a PC on the mahogany table, and various books about horses and accounting software laying on the table haphazardly.  
The kitchen is in the back of the house, and it’s open concept to a large, antique, picnic-style table.  The neatest part of the kitchen is the old crank water pump at the sink, with a deep, ceramic, laundry-tub style sink.  I pictured a gooseneck faucet, but no, that antique pump suits the house way better.  It brings me back to pioneer days, and it makes me smile.  I’m a closet historian, with a secret love of history books and biographies of ancient kings and queens, and this house makes me feel right at home.  “Gosh, Blake, this place is gorgeous.”
“You think so?” he asks, pulling a chair out for me in the dining room. There is a half wall separating the dining room and the kitchen, which is how I can see the kitchen from here.  
“Oh, yes.  I’ve seen multi-millionaire estates, and they couldn’t hold a candle to this house.  It’s a gem.”
“Well, thank you. My mama would be so pleased for the compliment.” He smiles at me.  “Would you like something to drink?”
“I’d love some water, please.”
“Sure.  I’ll be right back.” He says.  I pull my phone out while he’s gone, and go to the notes section, which is my holy grail of client information.  When he returns, he sets two water glasses with ice, down on the table.  “What have you got, darlin’?” he asks, sitting down with a grunt.  “What do you need from me?”
I run down a list of questions, and make note of his answers, first starting with his ranch hands, and the qualifications, skills, etc., required for the position, then we move on to the maid.  “Do you want a full-time, permanent maid, or just someone to help temporarily?”
“I suppose it wouldn’t be fair to say that it would be a permanent job.  I mean, assuming that my mama will be out of the hospital soon enough.  She’d die if she knew we hired someone to clean this place, but I think she’d die more if she saw it right now.  I’m ashamed to have anyone walk through here, frankly.”
“It must be a lot of work, tending to a ranch, with just the two of you.”
“Sure is.  We don’t eat all day, since there isn’t time or food for it, and the only thing we absolutely have to do is laundry, but even that’s a last-minute thing.”
“You should also consider that when your mom comes home, that she may not be up for everything that she did before, right away.” I add honestly.
“Well, that’s true, too, darlin’.  Never thought of that.”
“So, it isn’t anything serious, is it?  She’s just having emotional problems, dealing with grieving?”
He swallows and looks at the floor, evidently still grieving himself.  “That’s right.  Me and Zack were afraid that she’d harm herself or something, without realizing.  She wasn’t eating or drinking, and she was talking about scary things, like how her life isn’t worth living anymore.  I was afraid that she was suicidal.”
“I’m so sorry.” I say, placing a hand on his hand.  “That must be so awful.”
“It’s not easy, darlin’.  That I can tell you.” He says with a soft scoff, trying for a smile.  “Daddy was everything to her.”
“Sounds like he meant a lot to you, too, Blake.” 
He looks up at me and nods.  “Yeah.  Yeah, he did.” A little wink.  Then he changes the subject.  “You got any names picked out for your little one there, darlin’?”
My face falls.  “No.”
“Well, that’s alright.  Plenty of couples have trouble with that.  Some leave it right for when the child is born. A friend of the family did that once.”
“I suppose you’re right.” I pretend to be preoccupied with my phone and the details that we’ve just discussed.  But he senses my hesitation.
“You alright, sweetheart?  Them hormones kicking in?  You look like you need a shoulder to cry on there, darlin’.” He raises his hand and slides a finger down my cheek.
I look at him.  I feel like I can tell him anything. Something about him is so…warm and caring.  My hackles aren’t up even a little bit as I sit here with him.  “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Well, sure, darlin’.  I ain’t never told a soul a secret in my life.  You can trust me.” he says, searching my eyes.  Sometimes it’s the kindness of strangers that makes all the difference.
“I’m giving the baby up…for adoption.  The father and I aren’t in any relationship. It was an accident.”
He looks at me and purses his lips into a tight smile, as he brushes a thumb down my cheek.  “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Sure.”
“I had a feeling it was something like that.  Most mamas-to-be do nothing but talk about the baby.  They’ve got that twinkle in their eyes, and around here, to-be daddies don’t let their mamas get more than ten feet away without clinging to them.  At least that’s how I see it.  Having children with the right person is something magical, and all I can see in these here eyes of yours is fear.  Now, I know that having a baby can be scary, but not this early on.  There’s a world of strife going on in there, darlin’, and anyone with any sense can see it.”
I feel a lump in my throat, and I can’t help it, a tear falls down my cheek and my chin starts to quiver.  Blake says nothing more, he just wraps his arms around my middle, and lets me rest my head on his shoulder, and cry.  His hands rub my back soothingly, as I let the tears flow.  We stay like that for a few minutes, and when I pull back, he wipes my tears away with his thumbs. 
“Now, what you’re doing, darlin’, is so goddamn noble I can’t even tell you.” He says softly, but with a conviction most people can’t pull off with that warm tone. “My aunt, who loved children, struggled for years to try and have a baby.  She couldn’t get pregnant to save her life, and she’s one of those ladies who had no medical explanation for it.  Anyway, they adopted a sweet thing, just a beautiful little girl, and it’s changed their lives.  She’s ten now, and she wouldn’t be in this family had it not been for that wonderful woman who gave up her child for them.”
I don’t know what to say.  I’m speechless.
“I know it’s hard and all, you know, to carry a baby and then give it up, but God bless you for doing it.  It takes a real strong person to do it, love.  Bless you for it.  I’m sure that whoever is lucky enough to adopt that baby will bless your heart forever.”
The tears come streaming down my cheeks again, and Blake’s arms snake around me, this time holding me tighter.  Zack comes into the house, interrupting us, and I try to recover quickly.  “Everything okay there, little lady?” Zack says gently, coming over to join us.  “Y’all need me to go beat someone up for you?”
I smile.  These boys are so sweet.  “No, I’m fine thank you.”
“Them pregnancy hormones sure are a doozy, huh.” Zack adds.
“They are.”
“Y’all had lunch yet, sweetheart?” Zack asks.
“No.  I had to go get Kate during her lunch.  Kind of forgot to eat.”
“Well, that settles it, then.” Blake says.  “You want to order in or go out?”
“As long as it’s edible, I don’t care.” I say.  “But I sure do love this house.  How about we order in?”
“Do you like pizza?” Blake asks.
“Do cows go moo?”

***

“You know, me and Kate could clean this place up if you want.” I say after I finish chewing and swallowing.  “It’s really just the kitchen from what I can tell.” I look at the grimy floor and the dishes piled in the sink.  “Unless the upstairs is bad, too.”
“The bathroom’s pretty out there.” Blake says.  “Besides, y’all shouldn’t be doing stuff like that in your condition.”
I breathe out a frustrated puff of air, but the ghost of a smile is on my face.  “I swear to God you better take that back.”
He smiles.  “No pregnant wife of mine’s ever going to be caught dead cleaning a toilet.” He’s matter-of-fact.
“Oh, really?” I taunt.
“Yes, really.” He chuckles.  “All those germs can’t be good for the baby, and never mind all the chemicals you use cleaning.”
“Nobody should be using chemicals without proper protection anyway, pregnant or not.” I point out.
“Well, that part’s true.”
“Ha!” I say, satisfied.
He laughs. “You’ve got brothers, don’t you.”
“I do.”
He pauses and gets an inquisitive expression on his face.  “When we’re done, why don’t you come on outside for a minute.  Meet Lollipop.”
“Sure, but just for a minute.  I have to get back to work.”
“I won’t keep you, sweetie.  It won’t take a minute.”
He walks outside with me, to the side, where there is a wooden fence in the shape of a large ‘O’, and a wooden gate.  There are two of the most gorgeous horses walking around inside.  One, whom I assume is Lollipop, comes right over and dips her head to me.  She’s a soft brown color, with a lighter brown, almost dirty blonde, tail and mane.  Just beautiful.  Her head rubs up against me, making me giggle.
“She loves new people.” Blake explains. “Senses good people, that’s why she came right over to you, love.”
“She’s sweet.”
“She’s a doll.  She’s everyone’s favorite.”  He pats her snout.  “Aren’t ya, Lollipop?  Yeah, you’re a good girl.” 
The other horse comes over, she’s a little darker in color, but just as beautiful.  “This is Jillian.  She’s just as friendly, but a little more…err…spontaneous…when you’re riding her.  She’s Zack’s horse.”
“Do you have any male horses?”
“Sure.  We keep the males and females separate in the pasture, or else they get a little…frisky.” He says behind his hand, as if telling me a secret.  “They take turns coming out here.  They all compete, though, and they all get ridden, whether it’s during lessons or otherwise.  We keep them busy.”
Lollipop is nuzzling my shoulder.  I can’t help but pet her.  “I’ve never cuddled with a horse before.”
“She’s in love already, sweetheart.  Horses have a sixth sense.” Blake nods once. “She can probably tell that you’re with child, darlin’.” He says softly.  “She’s gone into calf before, too.”
“Really?  Where are her babies?”
“Oh, they’re not babies now, sugar.  No, they’re in Dallas.  We sold them.  They’re at some of the competitions sometimes.”
“So, you breed the horses?”
“Just Lollipop so far, because of her docile nature.  But we’ve been asked to have the others bred, too, just haven’t had the right agreements in place yet.  And then with daddy’s passing and mama getting sick, we haven’t been able to move forward.”
I pet Lollipop once more.  “I should get heading back to work.”
“Where is your office, doll?”
“Err…well, for now I’m working remotely.  My real office is in Louisiana.”
His eyes bulge. “Lord, that’s a long ways out, sugar.” Then recognition comes to his face.  “You mentioned some…trouble.  Is this the trouble that you’re referring to?” he asks carefully.
“Yes.” I nod, smiling warmly.
“If there’s anything I can do, love, you just say the word.  Us Walters boys are like an army, see.  Anyone gives you trouble, you come on over here, okay?” 
“I will.” I say, and I can’t help but smile as he looks at me with a smile.  It’s contagious.  “I’ll put together a list of candidates for you for all the positions we spoke of.  Would you like me to arrange for interviews and conduct them as well, or would you like to do that?”
“No, you just send them all over here.  Let me know when they’re coming, so Zack and I can see them.  You can interview the maid if you like, but I think it’s best for us to interview the ranch hands, if you understand.”
“That’s perfectly fine.” Then I remember something.  “Oh, you should give me your number, so I can let you know what’s going on.”
“Sure, darlin’.” He says, pulling his phone out of his back pocket.  We exchange numbers and I say goodbye to Lollipop.  “You can come by for a lesson later if you want.  We’re always home.  If we’re not up at Pat’s getting fed, that is.” He adds with a little chuckle.
“You boys need to learn how to cook.”
“I suppose you’re right.  But in the meantime, until we’re settled, I think that’s asking a lot, frankly.” He says reasonably.
“Well, I should go.”
“Okay, darlin’.  I’ll see you soon.” He says, walking me to my car.  “Hope y’all enjoy the rest of your day.”
“You too.”
As I drive away, something about him makes me want to go back after work, just so I can cook and help him clean up.  He’s such a sweet man, and he’s the first genuine guy I’ve met in a long time.  Blake seems mature beyond his years, he’s that type.  And as I drive down the road, I see him still standing on the edge of his driveway, waving to me.
I wave back…even though I know he can’t see me.

Chapter 9
Blake
“She’s a sweetheart, ain’t she?” I say to my brother, as we clean up, while the sun sets.  We came in the house for just a second to grab something, and I see the spot where Ruby and I sat earlier.
“Yeah, she’s a doll.” Zack agrees. “A lot nicer than her partner in crime, that’s for sure.”
“Ruby’s not from here, that’s why, I suppose.  Kate’s got more of the female Texan personality in her.  Either that or she’s just got her back up for her friend.”
“I think it’s the latter.” Zack states.  “Hell, even I know nicer Texan girls.”
“Been a while since we had one in this house, huh.”
“That’s the truth.” He licks his lips.  “She pass the Lollipop test?”
I smile.  “With flying colors.  Came right up to her and started nuzzling.”
“When’s the last time she didn’t like someone, anyway?  Been a long time.”
“I think it was when that decrepit old guy came around, wanting to buy his grandson lessons, and then he wanted his money back, because the boy was too scared to get on the horse.”
“Yeah, we gave him his money back, but he sure left a sore spot on Lollipop.”
“Kids know scum, too, man.  The kid probably knew his grandfather was a good-for-nothing drunk.  Probably beat the kid for failing the lesson at any rate.  I tell you, Ruby…” I trail off.  I was about to say that Ruby’s going to make a much better parent than anyone I know, except my own mama, but I stop myself.
“What about Ruby?” Zack asks, catching that I ended the sentence abruptly.  He’s put his hat back on his head, and is ready to finish up for the day, having grabbed what he needed in the house.
“Na, forget it.” I say, figuring she probably doesn’t want anyone to know that she’s not keeping the baby. It’s surely not my place to tell anyone, even if it is my brother.
“No, what were you going to say?  I’m listening.” He says, as if I got pissed off because I lost his attention.
“It ain’t that.  I was just going to say that Ruby’ll make a great mama.”
“It’s hard to say.” Zack says, measuring his words.  “She’s a career girl.  Same as her friend.  Sometimes those girls aren’t cut out for raising kids.”
“That has got to be the most sexist, chauvinistic thing I’ve ever heard come out of your mouth.”
“Well, it’s true.  Some girls have the kids, but they hire nannies and such to watch them, while they have the career.”
“And what’s wrong with that?”
He shrugs.  “Nothing, I suppose.  I just want my wife to be home looking after the kids.”
“Good luck with that.”
“It’s possible.” Another shrug.
“Get out of the wayback machine and join us today, brother.” I say, chucking him on the shoulder playfully, just as my phone rings.  When I look at the screen, I see that it’s Ruby.  “Man, that was fast.” 
“Ruby?”
I nod.  “Yeah.”
He walks out the door, knowing that I’m fully competent to deal with this alone.  “Hey, sugar.”
“Hi.” She says, sounding cheery.
“I have Gladys Spencer coming over in an hour to interview for the maid position.  Is that okay?”
“Well, sure.  She can start today if she’s fit for it.”
“That’s what I figured.  It wasn’t two minutes after I posted the position that she responded.  Her resume is a little shy, only because she’s retired.  A little young for retirement, but she used to work at a bed & breakfast right here in Dallas.  I figure that’s the perfect experience for your needs.”
“Sure is, doll.  I look forward to meeting her.”
“I’ve just posted the other positions, and I’m just watching them come in, too, so I’ll be in touch.”
“Sounds good, love.  I’ll talk to you soon.”

***

Turns out, Gladys is perfect.  She loves horses, and isn’t afraid to dig right in and help, no matter what the task is.  She’s even got a little experience fixing minor repairs, which bodes well for us, for when we’re too busy with the bigger stuff.   We get her busy cleaning the house, and it’s like a weight is off my shoulders.  
“How good’s her cooking?” Zack asks, as we leave her to her resources, after showing her around and where she can find everything.
“We’ll find out at suppertime, I suppose.  But she worked at a bed & breakfast and did most of the cooking there.”
“Why’d she leave it?”
“Dunno.   I suppose it’s easier to clean a ranch than a place where there are multiple people staying overnight all the time.”
The calls keep coming in all day from Ruby, letting me know who is coming in and when.  The girl’s got chops.  I actually have to write down on a piece of paper the names of these lads that she’s hooked us up with.  “Why don’t you and Kate come on over and join us for supper tonight?  Gladys is cooking.”
“Sure.” She says.  “I’ll let Kate know.”

***

“You done good, Gladys.” I compliment, as the older woman takes our plates, and starts washing dishes after supper.  “This is the best meal I’ve had for a long time.  You’re hired.”
Kate chimes in.  “You see, that’s all it comes down to, how well a woman cooks.  It doesn’t matter if she can scrub a toilet or rearrange a closet.  So long as she can feed you properly.”
“That’s right.” Zack agrees.
“I’m going to come in early and whip up my famous crescent rolls.” Glady says.  “You’ll burn your other recipes.”
“I would if I had any, doll.” I chuckle.  “How about you just set the dishes in the dishwasher, and look after it in the morning?” I suggest.  “Take a load off.  You did great your first day, kid.”
She smiles at my use of the word ‘kid’ when referring to her.  It’s an old trick I use to flatter women, but safely.  “Sure.  There isn’t enough for a full load, anyway, since it was just us eating.  I’d already done the dishes before supper.”
“You rock, Gladys.  Now get the hell out of here and go enjoy your night.” Zack insists, good-naturedly.
She walks out the door after piling the dishes into the dishwasher.  We all wave goodbye to her.  “Man, that was a fine meal.” I say with emphasis.
“Sure was.” Ruby agrees.
“Well, I hate to eat and run,” Kate says.  “But I have some work to do for Layton tonight.  It was either take it home or sit there and watch him seethe at me while I do it at work.”
“What’s the matter, darlin’?” Zack says.  “We’re not good enough for your company?”
She gives him a look.  “Did you not hear me correctly?  Shall I speak slower for you?”
He ignores her response.  “I don’t see why you can’t stay five minutes and talk to us.” He argues.  “Five minutes ain’t gonna make that much difference in your work.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, mister. And I’m surprised that you’re giving me a hard time.” Kate raises her voice.  “How would you feel if you got pulled away from your work and had to do everything you could to get back to it?”
Kate’s cell phone rings.
“Ah, fine.  Leave then.  Makes no difference to me.” Zack mutters, annoyed.
Kate pulls her phone out of her purse hung over the back of her chair.  “Slav, hi.” She answers, and rises, walking out of the kitchen.
Ruby gets a nervous look on her face.
“Is there a problem, love?” I ask, looking at her carefully.
She pastes on a smile.  “No.  Nothing at all.”
“You’re a terrible liar.”
“Sorry.” She shakes her head.  “It’s that…trouble I was talking to you about.”
“I figured.  But, Ruby, honey, you don’t have to lie to me.” I say reasonably.  “Just tell me it’s personal, that’s all.”
She places her hand on mine.  “You’re right.  I’m sorry.”
I give her a wink.  “It’s okay.”
Kate joins us a moment later, with a look like someone just told her that she has to get somewhere fast.  Then she stands in front of Ruby and pinches the bridge of her nose, sighing.  “Rubes, we’ve got trouble.  And I’m not sure what the hell we’re going to do to get out of this pickle.”
“Is it what I think it is?” Ruby asks, looking at both me and Zack tentatively.
“Worse.” Kate answers tersely.  Then she sits down and sighs again.  “Look, I didn’t want to tell you guys anything, because, frankly, we don’t know you well enough, but you may be our only chance to keep Ruby safe.”
Concern registers on my face.  “What’s the problem, love?  Anything we can do to help, just say the word.”
Kate looks at Ruby.  “Terence must have paid some P.I. truckloads of cash to find you.  Slav said some guy’s been sniffing around the same spots where he’s keeping watch, and the trail led back to me.  He knows who I am and where I live.  And he’s got someone camped outside, up the street from my house, waiting for you to return.”
“Shit.” Ruby says, resting her forehead in her hand.  “He didn’t follow you here, did he?”
“No.  Slav’s been tailing him.  They’re still at the house.  Which means that you shouldn’t go back there.”
“Do you need a place to stay, love?” I ask Ruby.  “We’ve got plenty of room here, and the horses let us know if anyone comes around.”
“And we’ve got plenty of shotguns around here to take care of them, too.” Zack adds.
“This the daddy who’s after you, Ruby?” I ask.
She nods.  “Yes.  He’s Terence Daniels.  Rich as they come.”
“Wait, you’re…not with the daddy?” Zack asks.
Ruby shakes her head.  “No.  I told him I was going to have the baby but give it up for adoption.”
Zack’s eyes widen.  “And I take it he’s not happy about that.”
Kate interjects.  “His daddy died recently, and left conditions for the boys.  Whoever marries and has a kid first gets to run the business. Ever since then, Terence has been on her tail.”
“But you’re not together…so how does he think that’s going to work out?” I ask, facetiously.
“I don’t know.  I guess he thinks he can buy me and the baby.” Ruby shrugs.  “That’s…never going to happen.” She scoffs.
“Or he’s going to threaten you.” I say pointedly.  “If he’s hired some P.I., I’d say his intentions aren’t too noble.”
“We hired one, too, but for Ruby’s protection.” Kate states.
“Well, of course.” Zack agrees.  “So, shit, now this loser’s on a stakeout.  I ought to go over there and knock his lights out.”
“He’s a rich kid, man.  He’ll buy you a one-way ticket to prison if you pull a stunt like that.” I suggest, then I tip my chin towards Ruby.  “Why don’t you stay here?  I’ll hide your car in the barn with the company vehicles.  Throw a tarp over it and keep one of the horses next to it for a while.  Nothing or nobody’s going to get anywhere near you that way.”
“You’re sure that won’t be too much trouble?” Ruby asks.
“Not at all.  We’ve got plenty of room.” I say.  “And horses are the best form of protection.  Better than a watch dog.”
“Oh yeah?” 
“For sure.” Zack says.  “Especially if it’s some sumbitch coming up the drive.  Lollipop’ll be all over that like white on rice.  She lets us know when scumbags come around.”
I tip my chin towards her.  “You need stuff from Kate’s?”
She nods. 
I look at Kate. “Why don’t you give Zack the key to your place.  He can drive there in one of our unmarked company vans, and pick up Ruby’s things?”
“What happens if this spy suspects that Zack knows where Ruby is?  He’ll lead him right back here.” Kate asks.
I ponder that for a moment, and then I frown.  “I’ve got a great idea.”

***

We pull up to the hospital, me and Ruby that is, and she looks at me kindly.  “Thanks so much for this.  I don’t know what I would do without your help.”
“It’s not a problem, sweetheart.  You’re good for nothing if you can’t help someone, right?”
“And is your mom going to be okay with meeting me?”
“Well, sure, love.” I lick my lips.  “I’ll be honest with you.  I haven’t seen my mama since she came here.  That’s why Zack just about fell off his chair when I suggested he bring your things here, for us to pick them up.”
“I didn’t have to come. If you feel like it may be awkward, I should have stayed back.”
“Not while those creeps are staking Kate’s place out.  If they catch on and follow Zack here and eventually get back to the ranch, we’re sunk.  I’d rather play it safe and keep you here, where they can’t find you.”
“How long do you figure it will be until it’s safe to leave?”
“I’m not sure, sugar.  But Zack will keep in touch.  He sees anything suspicious, and we stay put.”
She licks her lips.  “So, how long has it been? Since you saw your mother?”
I stare at my lap.  “Too long.”
“How come you haven’t come to see her?” she asks sincerely, not judgementally.  
“I suppose because I’m weak.  I’m a coward.  After daddy died, I couldn’t come to terms with the fact that my mama was losing it.  Seemed like too much to handle.  At the end of the day, I was selfish.  Stupid.  I ought to be ashamed of myself, and I am.”
“What made you change your mind?”
I lift my head and give her a tight smile.  “Well, it was you, I suppose.”
She’s confused.
“With you having this baby.  Made me think about my mama, I guess.  And all the sacrifices that mamas have to make for their children.”
She waits, thinking that I’m not done.  And I’m not.  Lots of things are floating around inside my head, but I only share a couple with her. 
“My mama’s the best on earth.  And she has one bad spell and I cave on her.  That’s no way to treat her.  She deserves better.  You deserve better, too.  And I think that just being around a good person’s made me see that.”
She grins playfully.  “You’re brother’s not good people?”
I smile.  “He’s a pain in the ass, frankly.” 
She giggles.  It sounds delightful.
“Na, Zack’s one in a million.  He’s tried to make me come see mama, but I was stubborn.”
“Well, I think that having you come see her is going to be the best medicine.”
“And meeting you comes pretty close, too, darlin’.” I say with a wink.  “Let’s go see mama.”

***

This is not Shady Acres, but it’s also not a regular hospital, where you have a waiting room, emergency department, and doctors milling about.  This looks more like a home for the aged, yet the residents come in all ages.  We have to check in at the front desk, and a nurse comes to take us to see mama.
“How’s she doing?” I ask, not knowing what else to ask.
“I knew that Emma had another son.” She says, dodging the question, as thought she has a bet going with someone about how many offspring my mama has.  I also know that all my other brothers have been here to visit mama, so I’m the last one to do the honors.
“Yes, ma’am.  Me and Zack run the ranch.”
“Oh, so you’re Blake then.” She says, recognition coming to her face.  “Emma’s mentioned you so many times, I was wondering when I was going to finally meet you.”
“Yeah…” I say, not wanting to lie, but let’s face it, I don’t know this lady from a hole in the ground, and I don’t feel that I need to explain my life story to her.  “How is she? Can she come home soon?”
“That’s up to Doctor Edwards. She’s coming along well, but she still has her bad days.”
“Bad enough that she can’t come home?” I ask, suddenly feeling like I should have been here the whole time, so at least I would know what was going on firsthand, and shame on me for that.
“You’ll have to speak with the doctor, I’m afraid.” She says simply.  “And I would suggest that you do it now, before he does his rounds.” She says, gesturing to the stalky, bespectacled man standing not six feet away, speaking with someone by the elevators.  He looks over at the nurse, while he shakes the hand of the man to whom he’s speaking with, before coming over, flashing a friendly smile.  “Doctor, this is Blake Walters, one of Emma’s boys. Do you have a moment?” she says by way of introduction.
“Certainly. Please, come to my office.” He says, showing us to a door down the hall, viewing distance from where we’re standing.  
“Maybe I’ll just wait outside.” Ruby offers.
“No, that’s fine, darlin’.  You can come on inside.” I say, thinking that the second the doctor closes that door, is when her scumbag is going to come prowling in.  I know I’m being dramatic in thinking that, but nonetheless, I’m not taking that chance.  Besides, Ruby already knows the scoop with mama.  There shouldn’t be any surprises.
She sits in the chair on the far side of the small office, which only has two guest chairs, all but pressed up against a metal desk, which houses a flat screen monitor, with a PC housing tucked under it.  The room can’t be more than eight feet by eight feet, and all that is on the white walls is a certificate from some fancy University, with the doctor’s name embossed on it.  Doctor Edwards closes the door for privacy, and sits down, moving his monitor out of the way so we can see him clearly.
“Well, it’s nice to finally meet you, Blake.  Your mama speaks a lot about you.”
“I’m…sorry this is my first trip.  I…”  I trail off.
He raises his hand.  “I’m a specialist in mental health, Blake.  There is no need to explain yourself.” He says respectfully.
“How’s my mama doing?  Zack says that she’s in a private room now.”
“Yes, she is.  We finally had space for her, and she seems to be fairing better now.”
“When can she come home?”
“Blake, your mama is very depressed.  There are some days where she doesn’t speak.  Most days she doesn’t eat, unless someone from home brings her something.  The medication that we’re giving her only helps fifty percent of the time, leaving her with good days and bad days.  But it’s an improvement to the last few rounds of medication that we’ve tried.”
“What about counselling?  Has anyone tried to talk to her?”
“On her good days, yes, and I make decent headway with her, but then on the bad days, she’s all but catatonic.  Until she snaps out of that, I don’t think she’s fit to go home.  She needs constant care.”
“This sure doesn’t sound like mama.” I shake my head.  “Zack doesn’t tell me much, and I get that, but I had no idea things were this bad.”
“If it helps, it is getting better.  As I said, she’s good at least fifty percent of the time.”
“And what’s she saying when you talk to her?” I ask, concern washed all over my face.
“Unfortunately, that is privileged, but what I can tell you is that you coming to see her is going to help.”
“Well, then, let’s not waste any time.” Is all I can think of to say.
He nods, pleased, and leads us to the room where mama is.  It’s a small room, only big enough for a bed, two guest chairs, a small cabinet and a t-shaped table on casters.  The window next to her bed is huge, bringing lots of natural light into the room.  “Hi, mama.” I say to her, removing my hat as we enter the room.
She’s sitting up in her bed, reading a novel.  She removes her reading glasses and looks at me.  “Heavens to Betsy, I had to look twice!  I thought you was my Bruce!” she giggles, half-crying, as she swings her feet over to the side of the bed and walks to me.   Bruce was my daddy, by the way, in case you didn’t catch on.  “Oh, Blake.  Gosh, you look so much like your father.” She simpers in my ear, crying softly, holding me close.  
“Wasn’t he one ugly sumbitch?” I joke.
She pulls back and smiles at me tearfully.  “You’ll never change.” Wiping her tears away, she smiles at Ruby.  “And who’s this lovely young lady?”
“This is Ruby, mama.  She’s helping us hire staff over at the ranch.  She’s from Louisiana.”
“Really?  Oh, doll, thank God for you.  My boys are so busy at work.”
Ruby sticks her hand out for mama to shake.  “It’s so nice to meet you.”
“I’m glad you dragged my Blake’s hind end over here to see me.  None of his brothers could.” Mama smiles, giving Ruby a kiss on the cheek.
“It was his idea, Missus Walters.” 
Mama waves.  “Call me Emma.  When I hear ‘Missus Walters’, I look around for my miserable mama-in-law.”
“I’ll leave you three alone.” Doctor Edwards says.
“You do that.” Mama’s tone is flat, but her eyes are dancing.  “It ain’t time for my medication yet.”
Doctor Edwards grins, used to mama’s sense of humor.  “I’ll see you soon.”
“Come.  Sit you two.” Mama says, as she grabs a tissue from the box, and wipes her eyes.  She takes my hands in hers, sitting on her bed, in front of me.  “Gosh, Blake, tell me everything.  How did you two meet?”
“Oh, mama…err…Ruby and I ain’t a couple.” I chuckle nervously.  “We’re just friends.  And, like I said, she’s helping us find ranch hands.” I leave out the part about Gladys, our new maid.
She gives Ruby a look, and then she gives me the same look, and I can’t figure it out.  Until she says something that just about knocks me off my chair.

Chapter 10
Ruby
I swallow, eyes widening.  “How did you know?”
Emma waves.  “Oh, honey, a mama knows when another mama is in the room.  It’s instinctual.  I never had to take a pregnancy test with any of my boys, in fact, I don’t think any Texan woman has ever used one.”
“So much for not telling until the second trimester, huh.” Blake says, chuckling nervously.
“Oh, I’m sorry, love.  I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.” Emma takes my hands. “I just…I thought maybe I was going to have a grandbaby is all.”
Blake raises his voice.  “Mama!” 
“It’s okay, Blake.” Ruby laughs.  “You can’t blame her.  Of course, you bringing me with you is going to make it look like we’re a couple, what did you think?”
“Well, gosh…” Blake trails off, giving his mom an annoyed look.
“I’m sorry, Blake.  I didn’t mean to embarrass you, dear.”
“It’s okay, mama.” He says after a beat.
“So, when are you getting married?” 
“Mama…” Blake warns.
I ignore his admonishment.  “I’m not with the father.  It’s…kind of a long story, and it’s kind of why I’m here with Blake.”
“Oh?”
“She’s giving it up for adoption, mama.”
Emma tilts her head.  “Well, now, that’s a noble thing, dear.”
“She knows about Lilly, mama.  I already told her.” Blake says, slightly annoyed.
“Yes, he told me about his aunt.” I confirm.
“It takes quite a woman to give up a baby, dear.” 
“She knows, mama.” Blake is growing more annoyed, and I feel like I’m not helping.
“So, how are you feeling?” I ask, changing the subject.  “I’m glad you have a beautiful window here in your room.”
“I feel wonderful.” Emma says, and I believe her.  If nobody told me, I would never have guessed that she’s suffering from clinical depression.  “How do you feel, dear?” she nods, looking at my belly.
“Oh, well, tired and nauseous, mostly, but that’s normal from what I understand.”
“Yes, it is.” She smiles, and then she shares with me a few home remedies to help.  I thank her, and she asks Blake about the horses, and about the ranch, when there is a knock at the door.
“Come in.” Emma calls.
Zack’s face appears on the other side of the door.  “Hi, guys.  Hi, mama.”
“Oh, hi, sweetheart.” Emma rises and goes to give Zack a kiss and a hug.  He’s carrying a duffel bag with him, that he places on the floor.  “Is this for me?”
“Err…no, mama.  These are some things for Ruby here.” Zack explains.  “She’s staying at the ranch for a short while.”
“How lovely.” Emma says, almost glowing.  It’s weird.  Why would she be so happy that I’m staying there?  
“All’s clear?” Blake asks Zack.
He nods.  “Yep.” But he doesn’t say anything more, and I wonder if there is more, but he’s keeping it to himself.  “You two can head on back whenever you like.  Kate’s keeping watch with her friend Slav.”
“Okay.” Blake says.  “We should go, mama. But I promise you I’ll be back real soon.”
“And you make sure to come along, too.” Emma says to me.
“I will.” I smile.  “It was lovely to meet you.”
“Likewise, doll.”
She gives me a kiss on the cheek and a hug, and then she does the same with Blake, only, she hangs on a little longer with him.  “It’s so nice to see you, Blake.”
“It was nice to see you, too, mama.  I promise you I won’t stay away this time.”
For that, she kisses him on the cheek again.  Blake takes my bag and then my hand and walks me to the door.  A man has never taken my hand before, and I wonder why he does it.  But it feels so nice, I don’t pull back.  His hands are rough from hard labor, and big, matching his physical girth, but they’re so warm and tender, almost fatherly.  “Mama really likes you.” he comments as we walk to the truck.
“I really like her, too. I’m glad she’s feeling better.”
“Hopefully we can get her home soon.”
“I’m sure of it.  That woman is of sound mind.  But, to be fair, it must be a good day for her.”
“Let’s hope she has many more.”

***

We’re sitting in front of the fire.  Gladys has cleaned this place like nobody’s business, and a new ranch hand starts tomorrow, as I found out via an email that came as we were driving back to the ranch, so Blake seems very much at ease.  The fire crackles in the silence, making me feel so relaxed, I could sleep.
“You look exhausted, little girl.” Blake says to me.  It’s cute how he has all these little nicknames for me.
“I am.  But this fire is too nice to waste.”
“Gladys made up the bed in the room between mine and Zack’s for you, just in case there’s any trouble.” 
“I can sleep anywhere.  Hell, at Kate’s place, I’ve been sleeping on the couch.”
“She doesn’t have a spare room?”
“She does, but it’s her home office.  She doesn’t have a spare bed, either.  I was in a pinch, so I didn’t care.  I’ll pick up a blow-up mattress or something once we figure out what the deal is with Terence.”
“The deal is, if he comes around here, he’s going to have two brothers and two guns in his face to answer to, and that’s if the horses don’t get to him first.”
“Lollipop wouldn’t hurt a fly.” I chuckle.
“She’d let the others know that there’s trouble.”
We’re sitting next to each other on the couch, feet propped up on the coffee table, while the fire snaps and illuminates the room in front of us.  “Gosh, I could get used to this.  It’s so peaceful.”
“It is, isn’t it.” Blake says.  “Part of the reason why us boys stay so calm and collected.  We don’t own a television, and horses, nature and campfires are what keep us grounded.”
“That sounds wonderful.”
“I knew there was a country girl in there somewhere.  Now, if I can just get you on a horse.”
I giggle.  “I’ll get on one.  Just not sure if me sitting high up on a horse is the best way to keep a low profile right now.”
“Well, that I’ll give you.”
The fire pops, startling me, and I squeal, but then laugh.  Blake laughs with me.  “The wood’s a little damp in some spots.  We keep it in the garage, and there’s a leak in there.”
“So it wasn’t someone shooting at me just now?” I giggle.
“No, ma’am.” He smiles at me.  
My hand goes to my belly, as I feel something…weird.  My face must change because Blake picks up on it.  “You okay, darlin’?”
“I don’t know.  I just got a weird cramp.”
He rises with a grunt, and pulls his phone out of his pocket. “Let’s look it up.” He keys into the search engine ‘cramps in early pregnancy’, and a whole slew of information regarding round ligament pain appears.  “Says mild to moderate cramping is normal.  You said you’re nine weeks?”
I nod.  My head has made its way to his shoulder, so we can look at his phone together, and he’s leaning his head on mine.  It’s like we’re cuddling.  It’s nice.  
“Says your innerds are expanding.”
I snort a laugh.  “Innerds?”
He snorts a laugh, too.  “Yeah, isn’t that what it’s called?”
“God, you’re such a country boy.”
“Well, excuuuuuuse me.” he teases.  “Your…you…ter….us…is expanding.  That better?” 
I punch him in the arm.  “You’re such a man.”
“Why, thank you.” he says in a teasingly gallant voice.   “I do try.”
I can’t help but laugh at him.  He’s such an idiot.  A cute idiot, but an idiot all the same.  We’re suddenly play-fighting on the couch when Zack walks in the door.  He sees us messing around and stands there, grinning.  Blake looks up at him.  “You get the horses all set up?  Need any help?”
“Nope.  All set.  This place looks like mama’s home from the hospital.” He observes.
“It does, doesn’t it?” Blake agrees.
“I’m going for a shower and to bed.” Zack says.  “No killing each other on the couch.”
Blake reaches out and swats his brother, and Zack turns around, fake-punching Blake in the chops.  “Nice try.”
“I wasn’t trying.” Zack jokes, and then he tousles Blake’s hair, making a mess of his curls.  He looks so different without his Stetson.  He keeps his hair a bit longer in the back, so there are more curls back there, and the sides of his soft brown hair are swept into feathery waves, like on his crown.  He’s got a thick head of hair and beautiful, thick lips to match.  With perfect teeth and soft, glowing, blue eyes, he’s quite a handsome cowboy.  Certain ways he sits, his eyelashes are so predominant, so long and dark.  I’m staring at him, not realizing, until he tilts his head. 
“You okay, sugar?  Having another one of them cramps?”
“No.” I answer, snapping myself out of my reverie.  “I think I’ll head off to bed, too.”
“You want me to draw you a bath or something first?”
“Are you trying to tell me that I smell, Blake Walters?”
“How about I just throw you in the horse trough then.”
I push him, and he lets me, but he just stays where he is, tucking a hand under his head for spite.  “I was much comfier this way, anyhow.”
There’s a pillow on the other side of the couch.  I grab it and throw it in his face.  He smiles, catching it.  “You’re gonna like sleeping in the barn.”
“How about I sleep in your bed?  Leave all kinds of pregnancy cooties?” I sneer teasingly.
He rises, pulling me close to him, giving me a playful hug, almost like a truce.  “Come on, darlin’. Let me go show you your room.”
“I’m checking the bed first.  Make sure you didn’t rig it with plastic spiders or rubber snakes or something.”
He looks at me pointedly. “Should I expect to find plastic spiders and rubber snakes in my bed, perchance?”
I lift a finger.  “Okay, you’re not allowed to use the words ‘innerds’ and ‘perchance’ all in the same night, okay?”
He laughs at me, taking my hand in his.  “Come on, my silly city girl.  I’ll take you up to bed.  You’re giddy with exhaustion.”
Funny thing is, for the first time in a couple of weeks, I’m finally not exhausted.

***

The bed is like a cloud.  As I sit on it, I can’t help but melt onto it, bringing my feet up.  “Comfy, sugar?”
“Oh…my…gosh.” 
He chuckles.  “Mama picked that mattress out special.  It’s got one of them fancy covers on it, too.  Makes it like them beds at a hotel.”
“Shhh…don’t talk.” I whisper, as if he’ll scare this heavenly feeling away.
He’s softly chuckling.  “You’re a spitfire.”
My eyes are closed.  I open one lid.  “You don’t listen well.”
He leans over, grinning, and kisses me on the forehead. “Alright then, little lady.  Goodnight.  Call me if you need anything.  Bathroom’s right across the hall.”
I’m asleep in minutes, no, seconds, as soon as I’m changed, and my teeth are brushed.  And hours later, as I’m dreaming of Lollipop’s gentle nudges, I wake up suddenly, feeling something weird south of the border.  I jump when I feel a gush, thinking I’ve wet myself in my sleep.  Pulling the covers off, I switch on the lamp, and see it.  Blood…all up my arm and on my hands.  I follow the trail…and scream bloody murder.
“Blaaaaakkkkeee!!!”

***

The doctor’s face is impassive as he walks into the room, sliding the curtains back.  I still have blood stains under my nails, despite Blake helping me clean it all off.  Zack insisted on coming to the hospital, too, so he’s keeping watch in the corridor, while Kate is en route.  For good measure, Zack told me that she’d phoned Slav, and he’s making sure that everything is safe, even though it’s the middle of the night.
“Bloodwork came back.” The doctor nods.  “The pregnancy’s not viable.  It was a clean miscarriage.  No dilation and curettage is required.”
“Oh, okay.” I say, nodding.  I’m not sure what else to say.
“It was early in the pregnancy, so I advise you to go see your obstetrician or gynecologist in the next couple of days, but there is no need for concern.”
“Okay, thank you.” I say, and he leaves.
Blake’s face is blank.  Like he’s waiting for me to freak out or something.
“I’m okay, Blake.” I say.  “It’s okay.”
“Are you sure?” he asks, crouching down so he can look into my eyes.
“Yes.” I shake my head.  “I know most women would be blubbering right now, but this is almost like a blessing in disguise.”
“Because you…really didn’t want the baby, right?” he asks carefully.
“Exactly.”
Zack appears with Kate.
Kate speaks first.  “Did you see anyone yet?” she asks, breathlessly.
“Yes.  I had a miscarriage.  And I’m fine.” I nod.
“That’s a sentence I’d never expect to hear.” She comments.  “So, is it for sure?  No more baby?”
“Yes.  The blood test confirmed it.” I nod again.
“Well, that’s a better means to an end.” Kate says, tilting her head.  “But is this what you wanted?”
I roll my eyes.  “Kate, don’t start, please.  Just…get me out of here. I hate hospitals.  Especially when I’m the patient.”
“What do you think?  Can you come back to my place?” Kate asks.
“Until dipshit daddy-to-be knows what’s up, I don’t suggest it.” Blake says.  “You’re better off at the ranch.”
“Yeah, he’s right.” Kate thumbs at Blake.  “It won’t be difficult to tell him.  I’m sure that Slav will see one of his goons by morning.”
“You need anything?” Blake asks.  “Not to be too personal, but, do you need, like, female things or something?”
“Yes, I’ll need some pads.” I answer, surprised that I’m not embarrassed.
Zack nods. “Stay put.  There’s a pharmacy out front.”
“You’re going to go get her some?” Kate barks, humored.
“Why the hell not?  I’m secure enough in my manhood.” Zack says, half-joking, bless him, for trying to lighten things.
“You sure about that?” Kate pokes.
“Get bent, bitch.” Zack murmurs, growing tired of her incessant needling.  He walks away and Kate lifts her brows, as if unimpressed.
“You do have poor timing with your insults, Kate.” I state, as soon as Zack is out of earshot.
“Ah, he’s just a wimp.” She says.
“Alright, that’s enough.  Let’s leave her so she can get dressed.” Blake says.
“Why don’t you leave, and I’ll stay with her?” Kate’s tone is snide.
Blake lifts his hands defensively.  “Fine.  I’ll be right outside.”
As soon as Blake walks out, I round on her.  “Why don’t you lay off, huh?  These boys have been nothing but nice to us since the second they met us, and you’re being a total bitch.”
“Nice talk.” Kate says.  “Look, I’m tired, and I forgot to take my fucking insulin last night, and I didn’t check my blood sugar before I left.  I’m probably skyrocketing right now.”
I look at her.  “Kate, you know better than that.  What the fuck…do we need two trips to the hospital tonight?”
“Take it easy. I’ll be fine.” She says as I slide my underpants on.  Kate hands me a wad of paper towel to tuck inside there, until Zack returns with the pads.  Once I’m dressed, Kate opens the door, and both boys are there.
“You okay?” Blake asks me.
“Yep.”
Zack hands me the bag with the pads.  “I’m just going to go use the washroom.”
“We’ll wait here, darlin’.” Blake says.
Once I’m done, we head back to the ranch.  Kate calls Slav, and he reports that all is quiet on the home front, so she heads home.  “Make sure you take your insulin, Kate.  I don’t need another trip to the hospital.”
“I’ll do it as soon as I get in.  I promise.” She says. “You okay?” she asks, giving me that ‘level with me’ look.
“I’m fine.  Stop worrying about me.  I’m better than fine.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“I’m going to bed.” Zack yawns.
“Goodnight, Zack.  Thanks for tonight.”
“No problem, darlin’.” He says, kissing my cheek.  “You sleep well now.”
“You too.”
As he heads upstairs, something occurs to me.  “Oh, shit.  The bed.”
“That’s okay, sweetheart.  I’ll go strip it.”  Blake states.  “We’ll soak everything in cold water overnight.  Bleach if we have to.  Not to worry.”
“Oh, but the mattress.” I say as we head upstairs.
“There’s a cover on it, darlin’.  Don’t sweat it.”
We make light work of stripping the bed and throwing the linens and my soiled clothing in the basement laundry tub.  “Geez, I’ve never known a man to be so comfortable touching blood.”
He gives me a look.  “Darlin’, we breed horses here.  If I told you what things I’ve had to clean up, you’d puke right here.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
We head back upstairs, and Blake grabs fresh linens out of the closet, so we can make the bed up for me.  “Have you got clean jammies, sweetheart?”
“Shoot, no.  I only had the one pair.”
“I can check my mama’s stuff.  I’m sure she’s got something in there for you.”
“Or maybe you have a t-shirt and a pair of boxers or something?”
“I have that, too. Whatever you like.”
“Boxers and a t-shirt, please.”
“Be right back.” He winks.
Five minutes later, we’re sitting on the bed, talking.  He’s sitting at the side of the bed, with his feet on the floor, I’m sitting at the head of the bed, leaning on the pillows.  
“Blake?”
“Um hm?”
“Do you think it’s weird that I don’t feel sad about the baby?”
He frowns.  “No.  I mean, you didn’t really want it, anyway, right?”
I shake my head.  “I’m ashamed to say this, but I’m actually relieved that it’s over.”
“Don’t blame yourself, love.  It’s more to do with the situation than anything.” Blake says, looking at me.  “If this guy wasn’t being such a class A asshole, maybe it might have been more of a pleasant experience for you.”
“That’s true.”
I cross my legs and lean up.  “Hey, what do you think about having kids?”
He leans back, interlacing his hands behind his head.  “Gosh, Ruby, I don’t know.  That’s a long way off for me, I suppose.  I love kids.  I want to have at least a few of them, but there’s too much going on here at the ranch to think about my personal life.”
“When was the last time you had a girlfriend?”
He chuckles shyly.  “Oh, darlin’…”
I nudge his side with my foot.  “Tell me.”
He looks over at me, still laying on his back. “A long time, let’s just say that.”
“Have you had anything casual?”
“Not the casual type, I’m afraid.”
“You can believe this or not, but neither am I.”
“I believe you, darlin’.” He says, raising his tone an octave.
I pat the pillow next to me.  “Come sit.  Oh, unless you want to get to bed right away.  I know it’s late.”
“Honey, I doubt sleep’s going to come to me after tonight.” He says, grunting as he slinks his way up to the pillow. He repeats the same stance, weaving his fingers together behind his head.
“Is that the way Texan men sleep?  With their Stetson covering their face, and their hands interlaced behind their head?”
“I have been known to nap a little in the afternoon sometimes, after riding.”
“Have you ever slept on a horse?”
He gives me a look.  “That would be rather difficult.”
I chuckle.  “I just wanted to know.  I’m curious.”
“Well, ask away, sugar.  I don’t believe in calling any question stupid.”
I lay down next to him and turn onto my side to face him.  “Have you ever been hurt riding a horse?”
“Nope.  Can’t say I have.  I started riding very young and never did anything stupid.  My other brother Austin got stupid drunk once and fell off one.  Broke his arm.  But that wasn’t because of the horse.”
“It was because of the horse’s ass riding it.”
He chuckles.  “That’s one way of putting it.” he turns his head. “You mind if I ask you a personal question?”
“Shoot.”
“This…guy who’s after you.  How’d you end up mixing with a guy like that?”
“He’s a client.  Or he used to be.  I won’t make that mistake again.” I explain.  “Or at least, I won’t accept an offer for a date from a client ever again.”
“Did y’all feel obligated to date him, or you’d lose the contact?”
I shake my head.  “No, not really.  I guess it was one of those ‘let’s give it a whirl’ kind of things.  But from the moment he asked me out, I felt it was wrong.  I have a sixth sense about people, and I didn’t listen to my instincts, as Kate aptly pointed out.”
“Sixth sense, huh.” He winks.  “I suppose your sixth sense is screaming right now on account of me sitting here on your bed.”
“First of all, I trust you, way more than I ever trusted Terence, and second of all, this is your house, and not my bed.”
“I was just joking, love.”
“I know.” He leans over and kisses my forehead.  “I tell you, my mama really liked you today.  I think you really brightened her up.”
“Blake, it was all you.  She hadn’t seen you in months, and she clearly missed you a lot.”
“Well, that’s true, too.”
“How about we go for a visit every day?  Even if it’s just for ten minutes?  Maybe that’ll help get her well again.”
“Well, maybe now that we’ve got some help, that might be possible.”
“I really like your mom.  She’s sweet.”
“Your mama ain’t sweet?” he teases.
“My mom is kind and caring, and she has her sweet moments, but not like your mom, with the kissing and hugging the first time she meets a person.”
He raises a finger.  “Well, now, see, that’s where she really likes you.  My mama doesn’t do that with just anybody.”
“Yes, but she also thought I was carrying your child.” 
“So, you think that once my mama finds out that there’s no baby anymore, that she’s not going to be so sweet on you?”
“Maybe.” I frown.
“Tell you what.  We’ll go see her tomorrow and find out.”
“Deal.”

Chapter 11
Blake
I lay there with Ruby, watching her eyes get heavy as we chat, and every time I go to leave her, she grabs my hand and tells me to stay, insisting that she’s not tired.  Bless her heart.  I think that deep down, she’s lonesome.  She’s feeling down after tonight, feeling bad for what happened, even though it wasn’t her fault and it obviously wasn’t meant to be.  I decide that the only way this little thing is going to get any sleep, is if I crawl in there with her.  So, I do, and she snuggles right into me, like we’ve known each other forever.
In the morning, she’s first to be up, and I think that she’s got to look after female things, because she dashes to the washroom right quick, taking the bag of pads with her.  I want to go and make sure that she’s okay, but I hesitate.  Zack’s already up, and I can hear him downstairs, making coffee and chatting with Gladys, who is making something that smells so goddamn good, my mouth is watering.  I’m still fully clothed, so I get out of bed, and head downstairs, not wanting to make Ruby feel uncomfortable when she comes back.
“Good morning.” I say to Gladys.  “Whatever you’re making, I want two.”
“You just wait.” She says.  “You’ll love it.”
“I already do.”
We’re eating breakfast when Ruby comes downstairs, all showered and dressed, and ready to start the day.  She looks great, with dress pants and a white blouse, and her long hair all braided down her back.  “You look fantastic.” I compliment.
“Thank you.  You’re wearing the same clothes you were yesterday.” She chuckles, good-naturedly.
“They’re clean, if that’s any consolation. I showered after work yesterday.” I explain.
“I’ve done up a load of laundry this morning, too.” Gladys says.  “All the stains came out of the bedding, so they’re hanging on the line out back.”
“You’re the best, Gladys.  Thanks.” I say, then I address Ruby.  “Come sit down and have some breakfast.  This is too delicious to miss out on.”
Zack gives a thumbs up, since his mouth is full.
“You free at lunch?” Ruby asks me.
“I could slip out for a while, yes.  What’d you have in mind?”
“I thought we’d go over and see your mom.”
Zack gives me a look.
“Sure, darlin’.  If lunch time suits you best, we can do that.”
“Austin should be there, too.” Zack adds.  “He said he should be here by lunch.”
“He the brother you were saying fell off the horse, stone cold drunk?” Ruby adds.
Zack chimes in.  “Yeah, and there’s a twenty in it for you if you razz him about it real good.”
“No payment required.  That’s too good to waste.” Ruby says with a salacious grin, stuffing a roll into her mouth.  “Good morning, Gladys.”
“Good morning, darlin’.  Did you sleep well?”
“Like a rock.  Better than I have in years.” she says, giving me a little wink, and I get a little shiver down my spine.
“Do you guys mind if I use your wifi here?  I’d use my data, but my laptop doesn’t like any connection other than wifi.”
“Sure, love.” I say.  “The password is ‘Lollipop’.”
“Cute.” She smiles.  
“I wanted to use ‘Halen’, but worry wart here said that it’s too easy to figure out.” Zack comments.
“Hey, how did you guys come up with the name ‘Halen’, anyway?  Are you huge fans of Van Halen?  I could see that, since all your house needs is black and white stripes, and it would look like Eddie Van Halen’s famous Frankenstrat guitar.”
“I wish it were that romantic, sweetheart.” I explain.  “But the letters are from the first names of my maternal Meepaw’s brothers, and we only painted it red about five years ago, because that’s mama’s favorite color.”
“It’s my favorite color, too.” She smiles, pleased.  “Where is there a quiet place to work around here?”
“Inside or outside?” I ask.
She’s pleasantly surprised.  “There’s somewhere outside?”
“Well, sure, love.  This is a ranch, after all.  I can set you up on the porch of the guesthouse if you like.  It won’t take a minute.  We already have a desk inside the house.  I’ll just move it outside.” 
“I’ll give you a hand.” Zack says.
Five minutes later, we have her all settled, sitting on the porch, sipping her tea, happy as a clam, setting herself up for a conference call with Maria, her assistant, back in Louisiana.
“Y’all ever consider bringing your business out here, darlin’?” I ask.
“Well, now that this whole calamity with Terence may be over, I can probably head back to Louisiana.”
My face falls.  For some reason, the idea of her leaving and going back, well, it just about breaks my heart.  It’s only been for a short while, but I really enjoy having her around.  “You let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.” Is all I can think of to say.
“Thanks.  I’ll see you at lunch.” she winks.
I keep myself super-busy to motor through to lunch time. So much so, that I pester Zack to get a move on it, when he’s helping one of the new hands with something.  He gives me a look like he knows I’m grouchy because of lack of sleep, but I know better.  It seems like the noon hour can’t come fast enough, and I chide myself for being more excited to spend time with Ruby than I am about seeing my own mama.
Sure enough, Ruby trots over from the guest house at noon.  I’ve been mindful to steer clear of that area if possible, so I don’t disturb her, so she can get through her tasks, too.  And she’s bubbly and energetic as ever.  Something tells me that the whole pregnancy thing didn’t suit her well.  She’s got more color in her face, and that sparkle that I was referring to earlier, is in her eyes.  Whether it was there before and just vanished while she was pregnant or not, I don’t know, but there’s definitely more bounce in her step.
Once we’ve had a quick, yet delicious bite to eat, I bid Zack adieu for a little while, so we can go visit mama.  Zack’s relieved, since it saves him a trip later, and it’s about time I took my share of responsibility for mama.  “Tell Austin he’s a dead man if he doesn’t bring me that shirt he borrowed the last time.” Zack calls after me.
“You can tell him yourself.  I’ll make sure he comes straight here from mama’s.” I shout back.
Strangely enough, Mama’s sitting in the front when we arrive.  Austin seems to have beat us to the punch. “Hey there, my brother.” I say, patting him on the back in a man’s hug.  “How are you?” I ask, as I bend to kiss mama on the cheek.  “Mama, you remember Ruby, right?”
“How could I forget?” she says to me, and then she gives Ruby a hug and a kiss.  “How are you doing, sweetheart?”
“I’m fine, thanks. And you?”
“Oh, I’m feeling lovely today, darlin’.  Thanks for coming for a visit.”
“It’s my pleasure.”
“Yeah, it was her idea, mama.” I say, giving credit where it’s due.  Then I address Austin.  “This is Ruby.  She’s staying at the ranch for a while.  She’s to thank for hiring us some hands over there.”
Austin sticks out his hand for Ruby to shake.  “Nice to meet you, doll.  I’m glad someone’s over there helping out.”
“Mama, you look great today.” I say and mean it.  “Have you taken your medication?  Did the doctor give you another new one?”
She smiles.  “Nope.  I’ve just taken the regular one, darlin’.  I’m just…feeling good again today.  Maybe there’s hope for me yet.”
“There’s always hope, Emma.” Ruby says kindly.  “Especially with another head praying for you.”
Mama tilts her head and my heart swells.  “Well, thank you, love. That sure means a lot to me.”
“Me, too, sweet pea.” I say, kissing her forehead.  “God bless you.”  Then I address Austin, leaving my hand on Ruby’s waist.  “So, how long are you in town?”
“Just the weekend.  I figure I can do some work from here, but I had to come up to pick up a few things I left at the ranch.”
“You are allowed to leave stuff there, you know.” Mama reminds. “It is your home.”
“I know, mama.” Austin says, rubbing her back.  Then he addresses me.  “Hey, you want to come take a look at something on my truck, man?  I heard a funny noise on the way over, just want a second opinion, before I hop back in her.”
“Sure.” I nod. “You ladies okay while I slip out for a moment?”
“We’re fine.” Mama says.
I look at Ruby and she smiles.  
I notice that mama has Ruby’s hand in hers.

***
Ruby
When Blake asks if we’re okay to be left while he goes and gives Austin a hand with his truck, Emma takes my hand.  As soon as they leave, she smiles at me. “How are you feeling today, love?” Concern is washed on her face.
“I’m okay.” I say hesitantly.  “I had a bit of a rough night.”
“My son is keeping watch on you something fierce.” She says.  “Is everything okay?”
“I had a miscarriage last night.” I admit.  “But the whole pregnancy was a sham, anyway.  I wasn’t in love with the man.  It was a mistake.  Please don’t think terribly of me.  I learned my lesson the hard way.”
“Oh, love, I don’t feel badly about you at all, in fact, it’s just the opposite.” Emma says, gesturing to two chairs that are available.  The sun is shining, it’s such a beautiful day. It would be a shame to waste it indoors.  “We all make mistakes.  And I think it’s God’s way of helping us learn, having us go through experiences that we wouldn’t otherwise have gone through, had we taken the right path.”
“That’s a good way of looking at it.”
“It’s also what led you here, and that’s all that matters to me, darlin’.” She smiles and gives my hand a squeeze.
“I love it here.  To be honest, I’d love to stay, but I have my business back in Louisiana.”
“What’s meant to be is meant to be, sweetheart.  Where there’s a will there’s a way if you want it bad enough.” She sighs. “I think my son needs someone with faults to be around him.  He blames himself for his daddy’s death, you know.  That’s why he was ashamed to come and see me.”
“Really?”
She nods.  “And if Blake had been dealing with his daddy’s death the way he should have been months ago, he’d been in the next room, in this hell hole I’m in.”
“Wow.  He was really that close to his father?”
“They were everything to each other.  It was an accident how he died, but Blake, he won’t let it go, that much I know.”
“Is there anything I can do to help him, Emma?  Gosh, I’d hate to think that he was in any pain.  He’s such a kind, caring man, and he and Zack have done so much to help me and my friend Kate.”
She looks at me kindly, with such a warm expression and says simply.  “Stay.”

***
Blake
It was just as I suspected, Austin wanted to get me alone to talk about mama, and how he thinks that she’s okay to come home.  “I’m telling you she’s fine, man.  She’s back to her old self again.” Austin says.  “Now, I know that I’ve not been around much.  I’ve been around more than you, no offence, of course, but I’ve seen her way worse, and you said so yourself that you were here yesterday, and she was just as good.  Now, Blake, I think we ought to tell Zack, Maverick and Gunner, that it’s time to bring mama home.”
“Zack and the doctor both say that she’s only about fifty percent good.” I argue gently.
“Well, I think Zack’s too much of a pleaser, if you ask me.  And if you say that she’s been good half the time, and now today’s two days in a row that she’s good, then clearly she’s showing more progress than we’re giving her credit for.”  He pauses to lick his lips.  “Now, if you ask me, I think her being home is the best medicine.  I’ll come home myself and keep watch, if it makes y’all feel better.”
I wave.  “No, that’s not necessary, man.  Between me and Zack, if we can’t keep an eye out, then something’s wrong.”
“She’s been here for months, man.  And it ain’t free.  Something tells me that this hospital’s benefitting a little too much from our bank account.  It’s no secret around here that we’ve got money.”
“I wouldn’t imply that much out of it, Austin.  They’ve been treating her well.  I haven’t heard one complaint out of her.”
“No offence, man, but you haven’t been around.” He points out kindly.  “Now, I don’t mean to shove that in your face, but when we come around, she seems fine.  I think that’s telling.”
“Let me talk it over with Zack later.”
“We’ll both talk it over with Zack, and with the other two as well.” He says, and then we head back to the front, where the ladies are sitting on chairs, basking in the sun.
“You two look comfortable.” I comment.  “Are we interrupting anything?”
“No, not at all, love.” Mama says.  “Ruby here was just telling me about her job, and how many people she gets to meet.”
“She set us up with a couple good guys at the ranch, too, mama.” I add.  “You’d be real impressed.” I lick my lips, hesitating.  “We also hired some help for around the house.  Her name’s Gladys.  She used to work at a bed & breakfast in Dallas.”
“Oh?” Mama says, and I can’t tell if she’s pleased or disappointed, as she’s shielding her eyes from the sun.
“Yeah, frankly, the house was a mess.  It would break your heart, and Zack and I, as much as we tried to keep things clean and tidy, we were spent and worn so thin, we were kidding ourselves.”
“Well, then, you made a smart choice.” Mama says.  “And if Ruby here hired her, then I trust her.”
The relief lifts right off my shoulders.  Suddenly, I feel like asking her something.  “Mama?  How do you feel about coming home?  You think you feel up to it yet?”
“Well, I don’t know if they’ll let me, son.” She says, like she’s an errant child, being punished for something that she didn’t do.
“What if they will?  Would you like to come home?”
She looks up at me, smiles, shaking her head and says.  “Nothing would make me happier, Blake.  I miss my own bed, my house, my horses, my children, and I miss people, too.  I understand that I needed help, and that I had trouble when your daddy died and all, but…Blake, I pray every day that I can come home.”
I look up at Austin, and he gives me a knowing look.  “Well, that’s settles it, then.” I say.  “Pack up your things, mama. You’re coming home with us.”
Her face brightens like I’ve just told her that I’m getting married and giving her twin grandbabies.

***

Zack’s face registers shock when he sees mama coming out of my truck.  “Mama?” he says, almost horrified.  “Mama, did you…hijack Blake’s truck?  How in the hell did you bust out of there?”
“I didn’t bust out of anywhere, son.” She says, grabbing his face, kissing it.  “Blake and Austin brought me home.  They asked me if I wanted to and I said yes, so here I am.”
“Wha…well, what did the doctor say?” Zack asks, dumbfounded.
“He said that she was there voluntarily, and welcome to go home whenever she wished.” I explain to him, like it’s simple.  
“She wasn’t going to get any better there, Zack.” Austin says, walking into the house.  “That place would make even a happy person downright depressed.”
“Well, are you sure, mama?” 
“As sure as the nose on my face.” She says simply.  “Now, why don’t you roll your tongue back into your mouth and introduce me to Gladys.” She suggests, as we hear footsteps upstairs.  Gladys must be cleaning the washroom.
“Yo, Gladys!” I shout, good-naturedly.  “Come down and meet the lady of the house!”
“Oh, how lovely!  I was just finishing up!” she says cheerily, as she walks down the stairs, holding a bucket with various cleaning products in it.  I make the introductions, and God love her, mama isn’t fussing or anything.  In fact, they start trading recipes, so we leave them be.
Ruby looks at me.  “Well, I should get back to work.  I received a few calls while we were out.”
“Okay, doll.  I’ll walk you out.  I have to head that way, anyhow.”
I lead her to the front door and outside.  “Hey, I don’t know what you’re doing to my mama, but…thanks.  She’s really taking a liking to you.”
“Like I said before, Blake, don’t give me all the credit.  She missed you.”
“She say that?”
“Among other things.” Ruby grins. 
“Oh yeah?  She have any juicy gossip to share?” I smile.
“My lips are sealed.” She answers, with a smile on her face like the Cheshire Cat.
It’s contagious.  I find myself standing there, just staring at her.  “You think you want to try riding a horse later?  When you’re done work?  Lollipop’s going to need to be ridden today.  Thought I’d save her exercising for you, if you’re up for it.”
“Well, what about your mama?”
“Mama’ll ride any of them.  And from the sounds of it, she’s so happy to be back home, she’ll have no preference.”
“You did a good thing today, Blake.  Bringing her home.” She says soberly.  “I know it may go against Zack’s wishes, but if it’s any consolation, I can help to make sure that she’s okay.  At least while I’m here.”
The thought of her leaving makes me feel sick.  “You stay as long as you want to, sugar.  This house hasn’t been the same since you set foot in it.”
She grins and reaches up to touch my face.  She leans in and kisses me on the cheek.  “That’s the sweetest thing anyone’s said to me in a long time.”
I brush the back of my hand down her cheek, and before I say something I’ll regret, I smile and walk away.

***
Terence
Jacob’s been keeping his distance from me for days.  It’s very difficult to run a business like this, and I’m tempted to tell him so, but I know that this will level him up in this twisted quest we have to keep the business.  It’s sick, unfounded, unfair, completely unjustifiable…and unfortunately, perfectly legal, what my father did.  From what Jacob told me in not so many words, dad could have given the whole business to his cat and it would have been legitimate and lawful.  I can’t believe he would betray us like this.  The only person more disgusted than me is Jacob.
Ruby, for some odd reason, has taken leave.  I did something.  It’s not something that I’m proud of, but it seemed to make the most sense, anyway, but I hired someone to look for her.  She’s gone as far as changing her cell phone number, which makes no sense, business-wise, and I can’t help but wonder if she’s in some kind of trouble.  It worries me, not just for my own purpose, but because I do genuinely care for her.  I mean, she’s carrying my baby, for chrissake.  Of course I care about her.  My hired friend located a friend of hers, who lives in Dallas, five hours away, but there has so far been no sign of Ruby there.
With family spread all over the place, there’s no telling where she may be, so I pulled out all the stops, and I’ve given instructions to find her, no matter what the cost.  Failing that, I have another plan in place, because come hell or high water I will not lose this business to my scum-sucking brother.  Jacob is being very secretive in his endeavor to find a wife and mother-to-be for himself, and all reasoning simply points to the fact that he’s going to pay someone to do it.  According to dad’s will, there is no stipulation for how long the marriage lasts, as long as it is long enough to conceive and bear a child.  It’s the most utterly ridiculous clause I’ve ever heard of, and I have half a mind to think that dad was losing his marbles when he decided on such an atrocious last will and testament.
His lawyer seems to have ducked out following the reading.  He seems to be A.W.O.L., which is odd.  Dad must have paid him a tidy sum to read it and run.  I think it’s immoral and barbaric to hire someone to wed and conceive with, but if this hired investigator comes up with nothing in short order, I may have no other alternative.  I have the money.  But do I have the heart?

Chapter 12
Ruby
It’s a tough thing to admit, but I’m really loving it here at the ranch.  Kate is loving having me nearby, too, which is really handy, because her boss is being such an asshole.  There have been more than a few occasions in the past few days, where Kate has called me, frustrated to no end.  There have been a couple of occasions where I’ve thought to call Terence to let him know about the baby, but I’m afraid.  This thing with his dad’s will…what if he still wants to try something with me?  If he’s short on time, anything is possible.  I don’t need that frustration in my life, frankly, and the list of business contacts in both Louisiana and Texas are growing, despite my movement.
Emma is wonderful.  She’s really come around since coming home, from what I understand.  One would never know that mere weeks ago, she was having such emotional trouble.  She’s as bubbly as a schoolgirl and as bright as ever.  The woman can ride a horse like she was born mounted on one.  No, I haven’t mustered up enough courage to ride one yet, but that’s partly because of female issues.  Things didn’t start to dry up until yesterday, and I didn’t feel comfortable riding like that.  Luckily, Blake is such a sweetheart, and he doesn’t press.
I’m sitting on the front porch of the guest house, which has become my favorite working area, when my cell phone rings, and it’s Maria, my assistant back in Louisiana.
“Hi, Maria.  How’s life out there today?”
“Good.  Wonderful.” She says.  “How are you doing?”
“I’m great.  The sun is shining so brilliantly today, and I’m sitting under a covered porch with a cup of sweet tea, and my laptop.  What have you got for me today?”
She runs down her usual list of people that I need to contact, and I give her permission to sign digitally for me, on a couple of bills that have come due.  Some updates from a few of the key companies that we’re still signed on with, and notification that some movement will occur shortly, and so we’ll have to move forward with sourcing them replacement staff.  And then she throws me a curveball that I don’t expect.
“Ruby, I so hate doing this over the phone.  I thought with the trouble out there all but disappearing, I figured that you would be back, because I wanted to do this in person.”
My smile falls.  Maria has never approached a conversation in this manner.  Something is wrong.  Terribly wrong.  “What’s going on, Maria?  Tell me.  Whatever it is, we can figure it out.”
“Well, you know that my roots are overseas.  I was born in Holland, and came over here when I was about seven, and I went back for college.”
“Yes, sure.” I say, following along.
“Well, an Uncle of mine has opened up a huge glass business over there, and he’s offered me a job.” She pauses.  “I’ve always wanted to go back home, and this is my golden opportunity.”
I’m taken aback, but I’m also so happy for her.  Maria has such pride in her heritage.  She was living out here because this is where she met and married her husband, but they were only married briefly, and then, sadly, they divorced.  “Well, that’s wonderful.” I say and mean it.  “I can’t imagine how happy you must be.  You just…love your home country.  When do you start?” I ask, excited for her.
“As soon as possible, really.  I don’t want to leave you high and dry though.  But I did put off telling you for a bit.”
“Nonsense, Maria.  You leave whenever you need to.  I can manage. It’s not a problem.”
“Well, what about your…um…issue out here?”
“Don’t you worry about that.  I’ll figure something out.  Do you need a couple of days?  Weeks?  Just so I can plan accordingly, but it’s your call, Maria, really. You’re not putting me out one bit.”
“I love you for being so understanding, Ruby.  Thank you so much.”
“It’s the least I can do for how good you’ve been to me, Maria.  I don’t know what I’m going to do without you.  You are a godsend.”
“Thanks.  Well, I can pack up and head out in a couple of days, if that suits you.”
“It does.  I’ll make arrangements to come out there as soon as possible.  In fact, I’ll come back tomorrow, so we can go through some things before you leave.”
“I’m going to miss you.”
“I’ll miss you, too, Maria.”

***

I find Blake tinkering with the riding mower.  “Hey.” I say.
“Howdy.” He answers, looking up at me.  He’s got a screwdriver in his hand, and he’s loosening a screw on the side of the machine.  “Sure is a nice day out, isn’t it?”
“Beautiful.” I agree, shading my eyes from the sun.  “I just got a call from Maria, my assistant.”
He takes the ejected screw and places it in his front jeans pocket.  “Oh yeah?  Everything okay out there in Louisiana?”
“Seems so.  But I’m about to lose her to her Uncle’s business out in Holland.”
He stops dead.  “Really.  Well, I guess if anyone can get a replacement right quick, it’s you.” he says it as though he has so much confidence in me, and it warms my heart.  “Does that mean that you have to head back?”
I nod.  “Yes.  I knew it was going to happen sooner or later.”
He pauses for thought.  Then he looks up at me, closing one eye.  “You like staying here?” 
“Love it.  But I knew that my time here was limited at best.  And now that all the…other stuff…is over…I suppose it’s time I turned back into a pumpkin.”
He wipes his hand on his jeans and slides a clean finger down my cheek.  “I hate to sound all soft, but, I’m going to miss you.”
I smile warmly, leaning into his hand.  “I’m going to miss you, too.”
“I don’t feel right you going alone, darlin’.  How about I tag along with you?”
He thinks I’m coming back.  My heart sinks.  “Blake…err…I don’t know when I’ll be back.”
Something in his face changes.  “Oh.  Yeah, that’s right.” He chuckles nervously, but there is a hint of disappointment behind it.  It’s almost a mirthless laugh.  “Forgot that you’re not from these parts.” He searches my eyes.  “You think you’ll come back for a visit?”
“I will.  Kate lives in Dallas, you know.  We visit each other often enough.”
He nods, but his gaze is on the grass.  “That’s good.”  He changes the subject.  “Are you at least going to stay for supper?  I’d kind of like to have…you know…a little bit more time with you.  Maybe I can give you that riding lesson I’ve been promising you.”
“I’m not leaving until the morning.” I say softly, not realizing how much this man cares for me.
“Okay.” Another nod.  Then he leans in and kisses my cheek.  “I’m glad you’re…getting what you want…and you’re not stuck here with the likes of us.” He says almost glibly.
“You’re wonderful people, Blake.  I was lucky to have stayed.”
“Well, you can stay as long as you like, darlin’.  But I understand that you’ve got business to tend to.”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.” He nods again, and then he kisses my cheek again.  “I’ll let you get back to it.  I should, too.  This mower’s not going to fix itself.”
“Okay.”
As I walk away, I look back once, and he’s watching me from the corner of his eye.  I wave and he waves back, and I want to go back and hug him, hold him, but I know it’s not fair, because I’m leaving.

***

I’m already searching the database pool for candidates to replace Maria, when my cell phone rings, and it’s Kate.  “Hey.” I answer blandly, half reading another resume, half listening to her.
“Ruby.” She sounds odd.  Upset.  But not her usual upset.  Like, someone just died, upset.
“What’s the matter?” I ask, concerned.
“Can you meet me in twenty minutes?” she sniffs.  I think she’s been crying.  “There’s this restaurant walking distance from here.”
“Sure, sweetie.  What’s going on?”
Another sniff.  “I can’t…no…I can’t talk about it now.  Can you meet me?”
“I’ll be there.”
As promised, twenty minutes later, I’m there.  She looks like hell.  She’s been crying the whole time.  “Hey.” I almost whisper with concern, putting my HR cap on.  “What’s going on?” I ask, taking the booth seat that she’s selected.
“Oh, it was awful, Ruby.  Just…awful.” She says, and she starts crying again.  I rise out of my seat opposite her, and slide in next to her. 
“Tell me what happened.”
“Layton.” She exhales wetly.  “He…the son of a bitch touched me. Or at least, he tried to.  But I hit him and walked out.  I quit.  I took my stuff and left.  I’ve had it, Ruby.  Not only is he an asshole, but he’s a sleazy, slimy, perverted one, too.  And he’s probably going to try to sue me now, for hitting him, and I also just lost my salary because of it all.” She looks at me and sobs.  “What am I going to do?”
“Well, first of all, you’re going to sue him, not the only way around.  Second of all, you forget that yours truly is a head hunter, so I can find you a job tomorrow if you want it, and third, why the hell are you crying?  My God, I figured if this day ever came, that you’d be happy that he finally gave you enough reason to punch his lights out.”
“I guess I just hit a breaking point, Rubes.  I’ve been putting up with his shit for so long, and I felt like nothing would change, but it did.  It got worse.  I can’t believe what that son of a bitch tried to pull.”
“To be fair, Kate, you let him think that he could get away with it.  You should have walked out on that asshole ages ago.”
“I know it.” she says, wiping her eyes.
I pause for a moment. The ghost of a smile is on my face. “Did you get him good at least?”
“I think his fucking eyeball popped out.”
I snort a tiny laugh.  “Looks good on him.”  I give her a hug.  “Tell you what.  Why don’t you come on out to the ranch for supper?  I know that Emma and Gladys have been cooking up a storm in the kitchen all day.  It’ll help take your mind off things.”
“Oh, Ruby, I don’t know.  I’m a mess.”
“We’ll get you cleaned up.  Nobody will even notice.” I look around, suddenly realizing something.  “Where’s your car?”
“I walked here.  I was too upset to drive.  Car’s still at the office, full of all the shit from my desk.  I think everyone knows what happened, because I stormed out of there so goddamn fast, and Layton was hiding in his office, probably bleeding to death from the gash I left across his cheek from my ring.  A piece of the fucker’s skin was under the filigree.”
I wince.  “Ew.  Okay, how about I drive you back to get your car, and we head over to the ranch?” I haven’t said anything about Maria leaving, or about me going back to Louisiana in the morning.  Baby steps.
“Okay.  Let’s get the hell out of this greasy spoon restaurant before they force us to eat artery-clogging shit.”

***

Emma’s smile is as bright as ever, as her kitchen is filled with people.  Blake’s eyes are on me the whole time.  Gladys has basically become part of the family, too.  She’s so helpful with everything, including keeping the guest house clean, and she even helps with the horses, almost like a third ranch hand.  I worried that she would step on Emma’s toes, or that Emma would reject her, being in her kitchen and all, but just the opposite has happened.  The kitchen table is littered with food, as everyone, including the two ranch hands, Austin, Blake and Zack, plus Kate, sit down to eat fried chicken, salad, home cut French fries, and other finger foods.
“I went through all your dad’s things, darlin’.” Emma says to Blake in conversation.  “All your brothers have been through it, but I figured you’d want to go through it, too, so I left the box in your room.  Whatever you don’t want to keep, we’ll give to the Salvation Army.” She says it casually, and I notice that Blake only responds with a tight nod.
“No rush, darlin’.” She adds.
Maverick and Gunner had come by a couple of days ago, but I was out meeting a few clients, so I didn’t get to meet them.  Gladys turns to me.  “I see you’ve got all your stuff packed up, sweetheart.  Are you heading somewhere?”
I look at Emma.  She’s looking at me expectantly, and I detect a hint of worry in her expression.  “Yes, I have to head back home to Louisiana in the morning.”
“Oh, well, that’s okay, Ruby.  Is it safe to head back?” Emma asks.  I’d told her the whole sordid story about Terence.
“I don’t have much of a choice.” I look at Kate.  “Maria quit.”
Her eyes widen.  “What?  What happened?”
Blake’s eyes haven’t left my face.
“Her Uncle’s opened a glass business in Holland, so she’s heading back to her home country.”
Kate shakes her head.  “Oh…my…gosh.   Wh…well, she’s been pivotal to your business.  Have you got any leads on a new assistant?”
And it suddenly feels like everything falls into place.  Like a missing link has just been found.  “Kate, why don’t you be my new assistant?”
“Well, there’s a fine idea.” Blake points out.
Kate stops to digest that for a moment.  “Ruby, I love you and all, but I’m not moving to Louisiana.  I’ve lived in Texas all my life, and…I’m sorry…I just can’t.”
I frown, realizing what I’m asking of her.  “I understand.  It was just a thought.”
Blake’s eyes are downturned.
“Well, that’s okay, love.  You’ll figure something out.” Emma says, her confidence showing.  
We eat dinner, Kate keeping her day a secret, not wanting anyone else to know right now, and then she heads home, while I promise to send her job prospects before morning, when I leave to head back.  I find Blake in the pasture while I head over to the guest house to grab the rest of my work things.  “How about a ride, love?” he offers.  “Lollipop’s not been ridden all day.  She’s going to miss you, too.”
How can I turn that down?  “Sure.  Do I need to change?” I’m wearing dress pants and a blouse.
“Have you got any jeans?  Maybe just jeans and a t-shirt would be better.”
“I’ll be right back.”
When I return, Blake already has Lollipop saddled up.  He gives me a once-over.  “You look nice.”
“Thanks.  Do I get a cowboy hat, too?”
He takes his off, and his curls fall to the sides of his face, making me stare at him.  He places his hat on my head and makes a grunt that tells me he’s pleased. “It’s a little bit sweaty, but it’s worth it, darlin’.  I knew there was a cowgirl in there somewhere.”
I blush.  “Stop it.”
“You want to use the mounting block, or do you feel daring enough to climb on with the stirrups?”
“I think I’ll try the stirrups.”
He gives me instructions, and helps me a little, and when I’m up there, he looks at me with this shit-faced grin.  “You look great up there, darlin’.”
“I do?”
“Oh yeah.” He says, nodding emphatically.  “Let me get Chocolate ready to go.”
“Chocolate?”
He nods as he walks over to the brown horse, grazing just outside the pasture.  “We name all of our horses after snack foods.”
“Really?  Whose idea was that?”
“Dunno.  It just happened that way.”
“And is Chocolate female like Lollipop?”
“No, he’s a big boy.  That’s why we don’t have him in there with Lollipop.  We have to be careful that he doesn’t mount her.” he says seriously.  “He’s a stallion, but none of the horses pasture breed.”
I lift a hand quickly, but then realize it’s smarter to hold on.  “Okay, you just said a whole load of stuff that I don’t understand.”
I watch him climb up on the horse like he could do it asleep.  “I’ll explain it to you once we get moving.” He looks so handsome sitting on Chocolate, who is a beautiful horse, by the way. The coloring in them is extraordinary.  
“God, he’s beautiful.  They’re all beautiful.”
“Thank you, love.  We take good care of our horses.  They’re our livelihood and our family, and we don’t forget that.”
“It’s very apparent.”
He grins.  “Okay, darlin’.  It’s just like steering a car.  You pull on the reigns to tell her where to go, see, and just squeeze your thighs to tell her to go, and pull the reigns back to put the brakes on.  Simple as that.”
“Really?  That’s all there is to it?”
“Sure is.  Ready?”
“Okay.” I can’t help the grin on my face.  Being on a horse feels so…regal and liberating.  
“Now, Lollipop will follow Chocolate, so I’ll lead, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Now, go on ahead and squeeze your thighs together.”
I do as I’m instructed to do, and the horse starts to gently move.  “Okay?” Blake asks.
The smile on my face is a mile wide. It feels great.  “Oh my gosh!” I squeal.
He chuckles.  “Kinda nice, ain’t it?”
“It’s…wonderful.”
We ride side-by-side, while he explains various things about horse breeding, and God love him for being so sensitive about it, as I can tell that it’s not as romantic as it sounds.  We start off at a slow trot and he asks intermittently if I’m okay.  “This is…gosh, Blake. I’m loving this.  I can see how this relieves stress.” The grass is lush and green, the brush is soft and hearty, and the sun is just starting to set behind the clouds.  It’s the perfect day.  “You’re one with nature out here.”
“That’s right.” He agrees.  We ride for a while, sometimes talking, sometimes just enjoying the silence, when we come across a thicker brush area with a ‘Private Property’ sign on a stake in front of it.  
“What’s in there?” I ask.  “Is there someone’s else’s land, or is this still yours?”
“No, ma’am, this is all ours.  We have several acres.  This is where we used to hunt.”
“How come you don’t hunt anymore?”
“Well, that gets tricky.” He says, eyes downturned again.  “In there is where my daddy was killed.”
“Oh, gosh.” I cover my mouth with my hand.  “I’m sorry, Blake.”
He nods.
“Was this a trespasser?” I ask.  “Was he hunting on your land without permission?”
“Yes, ma’am, he was.” Blake has heeled both horses by saying a soft, ‘whoa’.
I’m touching distance to him, so I give his hand a squeeze.  “Oh, how awful.” My hand is holding his.  “I’m so sorry, Blake.  Your mom mentioned to me how close you were with your father.”
“Yes.  Yes, I was.  My daddy meant the world to me and more. He taught me everything I know.  He was a good man.” He pauses for emphasis.  “He sure didn’t deserve to die the way he did.”
I don’t know what else to say, so I just keep saying.  “I’m so sorry.”  
He raises my hand and kisses it.  “We have a little campsite in there.  Zack and the rest of my brothers built almost like a treehouse in there years ago.  I used to come out here all the time and build a fire.  Think about life.  Daddy would come out here with me.  We’d stay for hours despite getting eaten alive by the bugs and such.  This was our private little space where nobody ever came.  Daddy asked me to build a barbed wire fence over on the other side of the property, so nobody on that side could come in.  I kept telling him I’d get around to it, and sure enough, I never got around to it.  Some drunk got in there during hunting season with a shotgun…killed my daddy.” He says this, looking down, and I feel a lump in my throat.  This is why he blames himself for his father’s death.  It all makes sense.
“Is that man going to be charged?”
Blake sniffs, and I’m not sure if he’s fending off emotion or not.  “He’ll be tried, alright, but nothing that happens to him is going to bring my daddy back.  No sense thinking that at all.”
“It might help.” I say, not knowing what else to say.
He looks up at me.  “Nothing ever takes the pain away, Ruby.  Only time.  That man can go to jail for manslaughter, and it won’t make a lick of difference.”
“I know.” I say softly, and I reach out and touch his face.  “I’m sorry.”
He takes my hand and kisses the inside of my palm.  “You’re such a sweet thing.  Daddy would have loved you to bits.”
“You think so?” I smile.
“Aw, shoot yeah.  He’d be begging you to stay here, sweetheart.  Pulling out all the stops for you and all.”
“What do you think he’d do to make me stay?” I ask, playing along.
“Well, that I don’t know, love.  But he’d certainly be making it awful hard for you to say no.”

Chapter 13
Blake
Zack claps me on the back as we watch Ruby pull away from the driveway.  “Did you ask her to stay?”
I look at him and chuckle.  “And why would I do that?”
“Because you are so head over heels in love with that girl I can fucking smell it.”
I laugh. “You’re off your rocker.”
“You’re the worst possible liar that ever lived, Blake.”
“And you would believe anything you heard.  What, did mama tell you that?  Gladys?”
“No, but they all know it, too.”
“You guys are all cracked.”
“Denial doesn’t suit you, Blake.”
“Delusion doesn’t suit you, Zack.”
“You have done nothing but talk about her when she’s not around, look at her when she is around, work on projects that are closest to that damn guest house, so you can see her, spend all the time you have with her, and that shit-eating grin on your face makes me sick.”
“Your face makes me sick.” I say, walking away from him.  We walk into the house together.  Mama and Gladys are in the living room; one is knitting, while the other is doing some kind of needlepoint, and they’re pecking away like hens so intently, that they don’t even notice us.  I walk upstairs to my room, and Zack follows me.  “It doesn’t make a lick of difference anyway.  She’s gone back to Louisiana, so even if I was in love with her, which I’m not, I may never see her again.”
“If you don’t fight for her.  Tell her how you feel.” Zack points out, his tone raising an octave.  “Come on, man, remember all those goddamn girlie movies mama always made us watch, so we’d grow up with a smidgen of a feminine side?  What do the chicks want, huh? They want you to fight for them.”
I give him a look like he just blew one off behind me.  “Ruby’s not like that.  She’s no drama queen.  If she wanted to stay, she’d stay.  She’s got too much riding on her back in Louisiana.”
“But if that’s true, you haven’t let her know how you feel about her, so how’s she gonna know that she has something to stay for?”
“Well, a lot of good it is telling me this now!” I raise my voice.  “Dammit, Zack!” 
“So you did want to tell her.” he states.
The box of daddy’s things still sits on my floor.  It’s as if someone came into my room and moved it closer to the bed, so that I can’t avoid it.  I push it with my hands, as it weighs a goddamn ton.  “Fine. Yes, I wanted to tell her.  But it ain’t fair to, Zack.  She’s got her life in Louisiana, she just had a miscarriage, and she’s a career girl.  She doesn’t want to get mixed up with a hick like me.”
“You’re such an idiot.”
I glare at him.  “Why don’t you go and worry about your own goddamn problems, asshole!”
He lifts a finger.  “I’m right and you know. It.” He turns his back to me.  “And go through that shit that mama asked you to go through ages ago, too.  See how putting things off has faired you in the past.  I figured you’d a learnt your lesson by now.”
That burns my ass.  My fist balls up and I lunge at him.  I grab the back of his shirt and pull him down to the ground. We end up in a scuffle on the floor, punching, kicking and beating the shit out of each other, until mama comes after us with the broom, just like she always does when we fight.  “Now, you two, cut it out, before you kill each other and wreck this house!” Mama chides.  “You’re grown men!  What’s gotten into you!”
“You want me to get the sheriff on the phone, Emma?” Gladys calls from downstairs.
“No, it’s fine, Gladys.” I answer, breathlessly.  “I’m done with this asshole for the night.” I lift a finger to Zack, speaking through gritted teeth. “You ever say anything like that to me again, and I’ll break your fucking teeth.” 
Mama’s hand goes to her hip.  “Zack, what did you say to your brother to get him all riled up like that, huh?  Y’all know it takes a lot to get Blake upset.”
“It doesn’t matter, mama.  So long as he never says it again.” I warn.
“He’s only upset because it’s the goddamn truth, mama.  And he knows it.”
I grab him by the scruff.  Mama pulls us apart.  “Now, that’s enough, you two.  One more outburst like that and I will have Gladys call the damn sheriff.  Break it up.” She says, forcing Zack to go to his room, and pushing me back into mine.  “Now, I don’t want to hear one more word about it.  Both of you get some sleep or soak your goddamn heads.”
“Yes, mama.” I murmur, closing my bedroom door.
I sit on my bed, raking a hand through my hair, staring at the goddamn box on the floor, like it’s mocking me.  Why do I put things off?  Important things.  Things that I should know better than to put off.  Then, the worst of it is, I lie about it.  Lie to myself.  Lie to my loved ones.  Lie to my family.  Now, I know that I had no right in hell to ask Ruby to stay, which is why I didn’t, but I should have told her that I care about her a lot, and that I want to be with her, or for God’s sake, at least ask her to go out with me on a date.  Truth is, I am in love with her.  Since she came into my life, she’s all I think about.  
…And as much as I wanted to punch him in the mouth, I can’t help but think that there is a grain of truth to what Zack said

***
Ruby
Kate called to let me know that Slav is still keeping watch.  Evidently, the Daniels brothers are back out in the Philippines, so I’m safe for at least a little while.  There isn’t any word on how or what they’re doing with this twisted deal that their father put in place for them, but at least for the time being, I can put Terence out of my mind.  His goons haven’t been staking Kate’s house out for a day or two, so I wonder if Terence has called the whole thing off.  Maybe he’s just going to pay some woman dearly to marry him and clone his demon offspring for him.  
Maria has all the loose ends taken care of, bless her.  We always worked in conglomeration with each other, so there isn’t much for her to show me before she departs.  As a sign of goodwill, I give her a handsome bonus, so she can enjoy a nice trip back home, and I keep her benefits rolling for a while, too, until her Uncle’s are up and running.  Maria has been so good to me, I can’t see doing it any other way.  We have a tearful goodbye, since her flight leaves in the early morning hours.  
I decide to call Kate after getting a few tasks completed, to see how she’s doing.  She answers on the second ring, sounding cheery for a girl who was so upset last night.  “Well, you sound better.” I compliment.
“Yeah, I realized that you’re right.  Layton is an asshole and he deserves what’s coming to him.  Also, how hard I worked for him, and for what bullshit I put up with, I’m a hell of a catch, career-wise, so I should have no problems finding another job, with or without your help, no offence.”
“No, none taken at all, Kate.  In fact, with Maria’s departure, I haven’t really had the chance to scan my database for leads for you.”
“Don’t sweat it.  I’ve been looking.”  She pauses.  “How’s it going out there?  Did Maria leave?”
“Yeah, about an hour ago.  Her face lit right up when I gave her a bonus check.  She was so happy.  Gave me the warm and fuzzies.”
“Aw.  How did Blake take it when you left?”
I pause, tilting my head.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“If you don’t know, then your blinders are on more than mine were for what Layton was trying to pull.”
I laugh with only a little bit of mirth.  “What are you talking about?”
“Rubes, you’d have to be blind if you don’t see how he looks at you.  He never took his eyes off you during dinner last night.  That man is so into you.”
“You’re off your rocker.”
“Am I.” she says flatly.
My other line beeps.  “Kate.  Hold on. I’ve got another call coming in.” I answer it, but it’s just one of those automated telemarketing bots.  I come back on the line.  “I’m back.”
She pauses.  “You know, there’s some office space up for lease right by Halen ranch.  It’s a small office, just like the one you have there in Louisiana.”
Another mirthless laugh.  “Why would I care about that?”
“Because you know that you love it out here.  If it hadn’t been for Maria leaving, you’d still be here.  I’ve never seen you so happy, Rubes.  Plus, I love you being close to me, too, I’m not gonna lie.”
“What are you suggesting?  That I pack up my things and move to Dallas?”
“That’s exactly what I’m suggesting.  Now that Maria’s gone, there’s nothing holding you there.  You know as well as I do that your business is mobile.  You already moved once from New York to Louisiana, and your business actually grew.  Tell me you haven’t made the same advances having been in Dallas for as long as you were here.”
It seems the more I move, the larger my client base gets.  Kate is right, but I’m not ready to give her or anyone else the satisfaction yet.  “This is all so you don’t have to look for another job, isn’t it.”  My voice is flat and glib.  “So you can climb on board and replace Maria.  I know how much you hate getting interviewed.”
“I’d make Maria look like a drunken slacker, and you know it.” she points out.  
That gets a for real laugh. “You suck, you know that?”
“Yeah, but you love me, and so does Blake, so suck it up.”
My phone rings again, this time it’s a client.  “I have to go, smartass.  I’ll talk to you later.”

***

One of my clients in New York contacted me earlier.  This woman is as loyal as a family dog, sticking with me all these years, and she gives me a short list of staff that she needs to be hired, because her business is expanding.  After a brief conversation over the phone, I have just afforded myself another handsome sum of income, for a client that is hours away, and it makes me realize just how much truth to Kate’s point is evident.  It’s not my location that is important here, it’s my reputation, which has never wavered since day one. My clients trust me to garner them the best staff that I can, and they know that I deliver each time.
Sure, some of my business is word of mouth, but most of that is through telephone, email and conferences, which I never miss.  The networking that I have done since the beginning has made such a difference in this business.  When it comes down to it, it wouldn’t matter if I conducted business from Blake’s guest house porch, from the tiny office I’m sitting in here in Louisiana, or from the noisy, even smaller office I had in New York.  My business will always be fruitful as long as I’m the one who is running it, and I follow the same principles that I always have followed.
As I lay in my bed, in an empty house, mulling through my thoughts, my phone rings.  It’s Blake.  “Hey.”
“Hi, sugar.  I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“No, I’m in bed, but I’m having trouble falling asleep.  Seems the lack of fresh air is impeding my slumber.”
“That’ll do it.” he says.  “I meant to call you earlier, but we had a late delivery and I had to help unload.”
“Oh?  What did you have delivered?”
“Just some lumber.  We have to rebuild the pasture fence is all.  There was a backorder for the wood and it finally came through.”
“Well, that’s good.  How are the boys working out?”
“They’re great.  And mama and Gladys, why, they’re like two peas in a pod.  Mama’s asked her if she wants to help out with her at the church, too, and that’s saying something.”
“And your mom is doing well?”
“It’s like a miracle, darlin’.  Something must have snapped in her mind, bringing her back to us.”
“I think it was just that, Blake, that you brought her back home, and you came to see her.  That made all the difference.”
“You played a hand in that, too, Ruby.  Mama misses you.  She’s asked about you already, and you’ve only been gone a day.”
“How’s Lollipop?”
A little chuckle.  “She misses you, too.”
I want to ask if Blake misses me, but I think that’s pretty evident, and I don’t want to get too gooey on the phone with him.  “Have you had any trouble out there?  Mister Asshole is keeping his distance?”
“So far, yes.  Rumor has it that he and his brother are in the Philippines, so I’m free and clear for a little while, anyway.”
“I’d sure feel better if you had someone keeping watch, darlin’.”
“If he reaches out, I’ll just tell him what happened.  I think that should get rid of him.”
“A man like that, who’s made a deal with the devil, I wouldn’t trust him to stay away, Ruby.  He’s a bad egg.  Why don’t you clear up what Maria did for you, and come on back here, where you’re safe?  We can have some sort of letter sent to that asshole, so he has proof that you’re no longer an option for his sick plans.”
I’d never considered that, but then again, Terence doesn’t know that I know about his dad’s will.  “I’m not sure if that’s such a great idea, Blake.  What if Terence finds out that I had him tailed?  It may add fuel to the fire.”
“If it does, you’ll be here, where we can keep you safe, darlin’.  At least you’ve got a better chance of him staying away if he knows.”
“I’ll think about it.  Maybe this whole thing will just blow over.  If he’s agreed to this insane plan, he could have easily just paid some woman to do that deed. I wouldn’t put it past him.”
“That’s true, too, sweetheart.” He changes the subject.  “Is Kate doing okay?”
“She’s fine.  That girl bounces back from everything.  That’s why I love her so much.”
“She’s a great girl.”  He clears his throat.  “I don’t want to keep you.  I know it’s late.  I just…wanted to check in.”
“Thanks, Blake. I appreciate it.”
“You take care, love.  I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Say hi to everyone for me.”
“I will.  Sweet dreams, darlin’.”
“Same to you.”
I hang up the phone and notice how warm and fuzzy I feel inside after having heard his voice.  This house is so empty.  I can’t smell any wood. The air isn’t the same.  Worst of all, I’m alone.  Never thought that would bother me so much, but now it does.  I loved knowing that there were people all around me.  I miss having family around.  Even if it isn’t my own family.  The Walters made me feel like family.  Best part is, they could have judged me poorly, given the circumstances, but they all took me in with open arms, and I love that about them.
The next day, I decide to work from home, so I can get caught up on household things as well.  It takes less than half the day to realize that I can’t run this show alone.  My phone doesn’t stop ringing, the emails are endless, and by the time the end of the day rolls around, my head is swimming so bad, I actually shut everything down and run to a rescue bottle of wine I bought for myself months ago, for such an occasion.  
Conveniently, Kate calls, when I’m half corked.  “You sound like you’re having a good time.” she snuffles, laughing.
“I’m drunk.  You?”
“Why are you drunk?”
“Had a really busy day that I can’t wrap my head around.  Maria was a god.  I almost flushed my fucking phone down the toilet earlier, because it wouldn’t stop ringing, and that’s when my bottled friend came out.”
“So, just…hire someone to help you.  That’s what you’re best at, Rubes.  I don’t see why you have to get loaded to realize that.”
“I knew that already.  You have to pay attention.” I slur.
“Then what’s the problem?  Is your candidate pool that slim for EAs?”
“No.” I whine.  “There’s a perfectly good EA right here, like, ten minutes up the street.  It would take one phone call to be over with.”
“Okay, I know you’re drunk, but I’m not following what the problem is.”
The wine is all in my head.  Millions of brain cells are dying as I utter words out of my semi-literate, drunken mouth.  “I don’t want to hire anyone…here.”
“What does that mean?”
I sigh and speak on exhale.  “You were right, Kate.  There’s nothing holding me here.  My parents and my family are all over the place.  Hell, I had more reason to stay in New York, since one of my brothers lives there now.  But here, I loved this place before…everything happened…now…I’m so lonely.  I miss you, Kate.  I miss the ranch, I miss that fucking horse, Lollipop.  How nuts is that?”
“It’s not nuts at all, Rubes.  But I think you’ve glossed over who you really miss.”
“It’s only been…like…a thousand hours, Kate.”
She chuckles.  “It’s been a couple of days.  Does it feel like it’s been longer?”
“Yesssss.”  I pause to take another sip, realizing that the bottle is almost gone.  “Kate, I’m out of hooch, girl.  Bring me some?”
She laughs.  “Sure.  I’ll be there in five hours…ooorrrrr…you can run up the street and get some more.  Judging by the way you’re acting, I’d say you’ve had enough.”
“Maybe you’re right.” I’ve lost track of Kate’s wisdom, and which part of what she’s saying is right.  “But I need more wine.”
“You need to go to bed.  You’re smashed.”
“Okay.  You’re always right, Kate.  That’s what I love about you.”
“You see, if you keep that in your mind always, think of all the time we’d save.” 
“Let’s do that.  Kate’s always right.”
“Okay.  Now, go to bed.  Turn your phone off, too, so you don’t make an ass of yourself with anyone else.”
“Okay.” I turn my phone off without saying goodbye, not realizing, and I go to bed.
The next morning, I have such a hangover, I can barely lift my head off the pillow.  I feel like such an ass.  I’ve slept through my alarm, missed a bunch of online meetings, and worst of all, I forgot to turn my phone back on, so I’ve only missed a zillion calls.  I hop in the shower, drinking more water than I’m letting pelt on my body, then I puke it all back up again five minutes after I get out of the shower.  I’m such a mess.  A hot mess.  And I realize that I’m lost.  More lost than I’ve been my entire life.  
When I finally turn to my phone, after choking down some Advil, I’m about to listen to my voicemails, when the thing rings, startling me.  But then when I see that it’s Kate, I smile.  “Hey.”
“Hey.  How are you feeling?  You were pretty hammered last night.”
“Ugh…don’t remind me.  I’m half a day behind now because of my stupidity.”
“You’re allowed.”
“Maybe so.”
She chuckles.  “You know you hung up without saying goodbye you were so wasted?  I mean, I told you to turn your phone off, but you just went ahead and did that, cutting me off.  That’s how drunk you were.”
I snort a laugh.  “I barely remember talking to you.”
“I’m not surprised.” She pauses.  “You said a lot.”
“God, don’t hold it against me.” I sigh.
“I won’t.  But you know what they say.  A drunk man’s words are a sober man’s thoughts.”
“Not now, Kate.”
“You miss him.”
“Kate, I can’t.  Not now.”
“You come out here and all this goes away, Rubes.  I haven’t found a job yet…on purpose.  That office is still up for lease, and I know a place where you can stay. It’s this beautiful ranch not fifteen minutes from my place.  I hear one of the owners is a real catch.”
“Don’t hold out on finding a job for my benefit, Kate.  You have to eat.”
“You say the word and I’ll take whatever list you have of potential jobs, but I know that deep down that’s not what you want.”
“Kate.  I am so hung over.  I can’t deal with this now.  I have a million things to do.”
“You’d have half a million if you had help.”
“Kate.” I whine.
“Okay.  I’ll let you off the hook for now.  But this isn’t over.”
“Fine. I’ll talk to you later.”

***

The phone rings at four o’clock and I smile at the display.  It’s Blake.  “Hi, there.” I say happily.
“Well, howdy, sugar.  How are you doing?” 
I can hear his smile.  “I’m busy but good.”
“Same over here, darlin’.” He comes right out and says something that shocks me.  “I miss you over here.”
I don’t hesitate.  “I miss you, too.”
“It’s funny, you were only here for a short while, but I still look over at the porch for you.” he chuckles.  
“I wish I was there.  Life seemed so much simpler.”
“You’re always welcome here, love.  I mean that.”
“I know.” I smile.  “It’s silly.  I’ve only been home for two days, yet it feels like months.”
“I know the feeling.” He pauses.  “You think you can get away this weekend?  Come up for a visit?”
He just brightened my day.  I totally forgot that I can go up on the weekend.  “I think I might be able to manage that.”
“The door is always open.  We’d be happy to have you.  I can take you for a ride with Lollipop again.”
“I’d love that.”
“Well, sweetheart, I just thought I’d give you a call when I had a minute. Take my chances that you had a minute, too.  I’ll let you go for now.”
“Okay.  Thanks for calling.”
“My pleasure, darlin’.  You take care now.”
“You, too.”
I’ll go see him this weekend.  That’s it.  It’s only three days away.  Am I going nuts?  It’s not even been a week and I’m obsessing over Blake and the ranch.  How am I ever going to survive next week and the week after that…and the week after that?  Every cell in my heart is telling me to pack my things up and go back to Dallas, but my mind keeps fighting it off.  I need a sign….

Chapter 14
Blake
“I’m heading into town for a while.  Anyone need anything?” I call from the kitchen.  
Mama appears from the washroom.  “No, we’re all good, darlin’.  Y’all have fun.”
Her smile warms my heart. “Come here, mama.” I say, pulling her close.  “Have I told you how happy I am that you’re home?”
She chuckles warmly.  “You have.  Several times, darlin’.  And I’m happy to be home. With my family. Where I belong.” She lifts her head.  “I missed you so much, Blake.”
I kiss the top of her head.  “I missed you, too, mama.” Another kiss.  “You sure you don’t need anything in town?”
“Nope.  Gladys and I went shopping just this morning.  You might want to check with your brothers, though.”
I find them in the stable, shooting the breeze, taking a break, as they’d all been slopping the stalls, giving it a thorough clean.  “Hey, Blake.” Austin says.  “Mama’s doing good.” He comments.
“She is.  Just gave her a hug.  No tears.”
“She’s not shed a tear that I’ve seen since she’s been home.” Zack states.  “I was talking with Kate last night.  Ran into her when I went to go pick up that part for the company van.  Man, she’s a class A bitch, that one.” he chuckles.
“Got a tough exterior,” I interject.  “but Ruby says that she’s got a top-drawer personality.”
“I don’t get that from her.  Anyway, she says that Ruby got blitzed the other night.  Can’t believe she’d say that about her friend.”
“Ruby didn’t say anything like that to me.”
“Maybe Kate was just joking around.” Austin says.
“Naw, I don’t think so.  Said she’s missing Blake here something awful.” 
My cheeks heat.  Austin grins.  “She is, is she?”
“She won’t admit it, mind.” Zack adds.  
I clear my throat.  “I’m going into town.  You guys need anything?”
“What are you going for?” Zack asks.
“Just some stuff.”
Chuck, one of our hands, interjects.  “Y’all want me to slip in and pick something up?”
I wave.  “Thanks, but it’s okay.  It’s something for myself at any rate.”
“I’ll go with you, man.” Zack says.
My face falls.  “Err…okay.”
Zack lifts a brow.  “You sure?”
I nod.  “Yeah.”
We take my truck, and he stops in one store, while I go into another, making sure that he doesn’t see where I’m going.  I pick out a nice card as I wait for the sales lady to finish with a customer.  I think about what I’m going to say on the card, as the lady comes over to me and asks how she can help me.
“I’d like to send flowers to Louisiana.  Can you do that?”
“Well, sure, we can wire the order over to one of our locations there.  Do you know what you’d like?  What’s the occasion?”
“Just…nothing in particular.  It’s for a lady friend.” I explain.
She gives me a look like she completely understands.  “You tell me what you want on the card and give me a budget.  I’ll put something together real nice for her.  She like roses?  Carnations?”
“I’m not sure.  But she’s got beautiful hazel eyes.  How about something that’ll go with that?”
“That sounds lovely.  I’ll do an assortment up for her.  She’ll love it.”
I give her the address and tell her my budget, and her eyes almost bug out.  There is no budget for Ruby, but I suppose the figure I give her is a little bit overboard.  She shows me what she had in mind from a screen on a tablet, and I give her the thumbs up.  I instruct the card to say, ‘Missing you, Blake’.  I pay for the order, and as I’m walking out, I hesitate.  “On second thought, make it ‘Missing you, Love Blake’.

***

Friday comes and I haven’t heard from Ruby.  I don’t want to be calling her all the time, pestering her.  Also, I think it’s my pride telling me to let her do some calling over to me, too.  How else am I going to know if the feelings that I have for her are mutual?  I call over to the flower shop and confirm with them that, yes, Ruby received the flowers late yesterday, but I’ve had no response from her saying so.  I get Lollipop ready, just in case Ruby does come, and hasn’t had a change of heart.

***

It’s late, and I’ve lost hope.  Ruby’s not coming.  Not a word from her in two days.  If anything, those flowers were over the top, maybe they scared her off.  Especially the ‘Love’ part.  Maybe it’s too soon.  I don’t feel like it is, though.  The connection that we’ve had since the moment we met has been strong and evident.  Even on the phone I can feel it.  I didn’t imagine it.  But maybe you can take the girl out of the city, but you can’t take the city out of the girl.  She’s focused on her career, and she doesn’t have the time nor the interest to keep a long-distance relationship.  Inviting her to stay would have been foolish.  She’s not going to give up her career or make any adjustments to it, just to come out here.  I was an idiot even thinking it.
I know that mama and Gladys are still up talking.  About what, I have no idea.  Something tells me that Gladys and mama have a lot in common.  Maybe she’s a widow, too.  She’s real reserved about her personal life, I find. But she’s as sweet as sin, mind.  And mama loves her to death, so I know that she’s a good person.  Zack is out with Austin, since Austin’s leaving to go back home tomorrow.  And all the ranch hands are gone for the day.  I stare at the spot where the box of daddy’s things used to be. Mama and Gladys got sick of looking at it in my room, so they told me it’s in the living room at the guest house.
I rise from the bed and head downstairs.  “Hey, Blake.  I thought you’d gone to bed, love.” Mama says.
“No, I’m just…I’ve got to go check something at the guest house.” 
“Okay, love.  We’ll be up.” 
Walking over, I pull the keys out of my pocket, unlock the door, and head inside.  The house is a smaller version of the main house, except that the kitchen is just a kitchenette, with the intention that guests will eat at the main house.  Mama keeps one of them scented pots with oils in here, so it doesn’t smell like a trailer, since it hardly gets used.  A shame, really, because it’s so beautiful.  But most of the time, when we have guests, they stay in the main house, where all the action is.  
I turn on the living room light and set up a fire, placing the scented pot outside, since I can’t stand the smell.  As the fire lights, I take a walk through the back of the house, and I can see that it’s been kept up as if we’re expecting someone any minute.  Gladys even added some new accent pillows on the beds in here, to match the throw rugs mama put down on the hardwood a while back.  There’s not even a ring in the toilet bowl for lack of use.  Gladys gets a gold star.
As I turn back to the living room, I sit by the fire, propping my feet up on the coffee table, and then immediately remove them, chiding myself for leaving my boots on.  I pull them off and place them by the entrance, and when I walk back to the living room, I see it.  The box with daddy’s stuff in it.  Drawing a deep breath, I pull it over to the couch, and open it.  Old junk that daddy used to keep is all that’s left after my brothers rummaged through it.  But in reality, all daddy ever had was junk.  He wasn’t a materialistic man.  Not by any stretch.  
His old Stetsons, a pair of his boots that were barely worn, a pair of leather gloves that Austin bought for him for Christmas one year, that he never wore, and I remember begging daddy to let me have them, but he wouldn’t, because he was afraid to break Austin’s heart.  I pick up the gloves and stare at them.  They’re only slightly stretched from him wearing them the odd time when Austin reminded him.  Pushing my hands through them, I try them on.  It’s weird, but it feels like I’m touching daddy’s hand when I do this, and I have to take it off, because I feel a lump in my throat.
God, I miss him.  Never realized how much until now.  Daddy and I used to talk for hours about nothing and about everything.  He’d whoop my ass when I needed it, but he also held me tight when I needed it, too.  He could make me laugh so hard I’d bust a gut sometimes, and other times, he’d make me stop dead in my tracks, just to think about something good and hard.  He’d love anyone as long as they were good to his kids.  And he loved us so much I think sometimes it hurt.  When I won my first riding competition, daddy was so proud he took us all out for ice cream, and bought for everyone in the store, so we could all sing congratulations to me.  Yeah.  That was the kind of father my daddy was. The best.  
At the bottom of the box is an old shirt.  One of those button-down flannel blouses that he always wore when he was riding.  He had one for each day of the week. I think this was the one he wore on Tuesdays.  I pick it up and look at it, and I can picture the last time he wore it.  We were trying to plan out when we were going to breed Lollipop next.  He had one of them long, plastic gloves on, the ones that go all the way up the arm.  His arm was shoved right up Lollipop’s rear as he gave her an ultrasound to see if she was ovulating.  She was having some trouble in that department for a while, so he didn’t want to get his hopes up.
When he stuck the probe inside, he smiled.  “Oh, Blake, look at that!  She’s finally got a mature follicle, son!  Good girl, Lollipop!” he was so happy.  He knew mama was worried about her.  Daddy was always happy so long as mama was happy. As he pulled his arm out of her and removed the glove, he high fived me.  “Dang, this is a good day, son!  Your mama’s going to be so proud!” he took a step towards me and gave me a hug.  “You go on and tell your mama that Lollipop’s ready.”
But I didn’t move.  For some reason, that day, I needed a hug from daddy.  Something in me wouldn’t let him go.  Daddy felt my hesitation, and he didn’t question. He held me tighter, unafraid to show his emotion to me.  He felt my pain. Didn’t matter if he knew what was bugging me or not. Dang it, my brothers probably remember that day, too, and how happy daddy was.  That’s why they left this shirt for me.  Something to remember him by.  I look at the shirt again, and pull it to my face.  
Daddy had a distinctive scent.  A combination of his aftershave, natural smells from the house, the stable, and the outdoors.  Nobody else can ever smell like daddy, and as I pull the air into my lungs, I can smell it like he’s right here.  The tears start pouring out of my eyes, and I’m trying like hell to keep it away from the shirt, so I don’t ruin the scent.  I hold the shirt tight, pretending that daddy’s right here, holding me again, and behind the sound of my sobbing, I don’t hear her come in.
“Blake?  Blake, are you okay?”
I turn around and see Ruby.  God, she looks even more beautiful than the last time I saw her.  Wiping the tears from my eyes, I sniff.  “Just…going through my daddy’s things out here.  I…didn’t hear you come in.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” She murmurs.  “Do you want me to leave you alone?”
I shake my head. “No, just the opposite, darlin’.” I take a step towards her, and she walks to me.  Her arms snake around my neck, as I embrace her tight to me.  God, she feels so good, I lift her feet off the floor.  “I’m so happy to see you.”
“I’m happy to see you, too.”  She nuzzles into my neck.  “I’m sorry I didn’t call to thank you for those beautiful flowers.  But I wanted to do it in person.”
I pull back, sniffling.  “Well, I’m glad that you did, darlin’.  Can’t think of a better way.”
She wipes my eyes with her thumbs.  Our eyes are searching each other’s.  “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, just…got a little caught up there…looking through that box.  I’ve been putting it off long enough.  Seems the Lord thought so, too, since as soon as I started going through it, you came along.  It’s kind of like a little gift.”
She smiles warmly, then her eyes are on my lips, and she delivers the softest kiss.  I kiss her back tenderly.  “More gifts.” I grin.  She kisses me again, letting it linger for a moment longer.  I say nothing after pulling back this time, I just look at her, half in disbelief, half because I don’t ever want to forget how beautiful she looked the first time she kissed me.  Lifting a hand, I slide the back of it down her cheek, drinking her in.  “God, I love you, darlin’.  I know it’s probably too early to say that, but I do.”
“I love you, too, Blake.” She smiles, almost mischievously, “I have printed proof that you love me, unless that card was a typo.”
It’s my turn to smile.  “I hesitated.  That’s the truth. But I figure I’d rather you know than not.  This way if you do, too, you’ll come back to me.  And you standing here is proof.”
“So, what do we do now?” she asks, leaning into me, combing her fingers through my hair. 
“We love each other.” I say simply.  “Anything else isn’t important.” My lips meet hers, as I gently suck her bottom lip, then the top, and then I tilt my head, opening my mouth, sliding my hand to her neck, gently guiding her so I can give her the kiss I intend to give her.  Slowly, but with a vigor that says I came here for a reason, I taste her, sweeping my tongue inside her mouth, testing the waters, and she responds my grasping the hair at the back of my neck, as if wanting to pull me closer.
She lets out a kind of a moan, but kind of a sigh, like if she was eating mama’s famous New York cherry cheesecake, and I take that as a good sign.  My lips do not leave hers, as we stand in the living room, kissing the way I think we’ve wanted to kiss each other for days.  I lift her feet from the floor again, with my arms cradling her against my body, and she pulls my hat off, messing my hair all up, as her fingers grasp clumps of it, while our lips glide over and over each other, and we taste each other, as though we both taste like the best goddamn dessert on earth.
We’re breathless when she lifts her lips from mine.  Her feet are still in the air when she says.  “Do you plan on finishing that kiss, or did I just drive five hours for your mama’s stew?”
I swallow.  “Well, I didn’t know if…if you were ready for more than this, darlin’.”
“I am, Blake.” She says softly, sliding her fingers through my hair.  “I’m as ready as you are.”
My eyes go to her lips, as I carry her to the back room and close the door, praying to God that mama and Gladys take the hint and leave us be.  I let her feet reach the ground, as we kiss voraciously in the darkness of the room.  The only light is the tiny thumbnail of moonlight coming in from the window, while I pull my shirt over my head and tug hers out of her pants, kissing her neck as I lift her arms over her head, and slide my hands up her body, with her shirt in their wake.  
Mouth on her neck, I trail kisses down her delicious skin, trying like hell not to whimper because she tastes so goddamn good and feels even better.  Lips making a map of suckles all down her chest, belly, until I reach her waist, I stop, and kiss her softly while undoing her pants and peeling them off her.  On my way up, my mouth is on every inch, every crevice, every cell of her body, as I devour her, giving her the attention that she deserves.  I leave her panties on as I pass by, kissing the apex of her thighs, making her softly moan.  
As I reach her lips again, her hands fumble to my jeans, and she undoes them, pushing them off me, with her hands, palm-down, on my body.  Her fingers skate across my chest as she lifts her foot, forcing my pants down to the floor, where I step out of them and finagle my way out of my socks, and she does the same.  
“My bra.  Take it off.” She breathes, pressing her body against mine, kissing me with need, and I listen to my woman.  Finding the closure on the back, I undo her bra, and slide my fingers down her arms as I remove the straps and pull it off her.  My arms snake around her middle, as I pull her close to me, feeling her naked breasts on my chest, and I lift her to the bed, gently lowering her, so her back is on the mattress.  
Our eyes have adjusted to the darkness, and I hover over her, gazing intently into her eyes.  “I love you so much, darlin’.  I’ll love you until the day I die.  I swear it.” My voice is a whisper, as I cup her face with my hands.
My words must spur her on, because she tilts her head and plunges her tongue into my mouth, giving me a thrill below the belt unlike anything that I’ve ever felt before.  I’m careful to keep my hardness away from her most sensitive area, giving her plenty of space to tell me to stop.  It’s more important to me that this experience be about her, not me.  And in order for that to happen, she needs to feel like she’s the one steering this ship.  
Her hands are all over me; down my chest, back, caressing me, touching me in places that I thought were long forgotten, and then they make their way to the waistband of my briefs.  She pulls them down, freeing me, and then she uses her toe to push them right down my legs, until I can wiggle out of them without us losing contact.  We are a one-person beast as we drink each other in, kissing, sucking, moaning, until our lips are swollen from kissing so vigorously and for so long.  
Lips leaving hers, I tease her skin, kissing, licking, sucking all the way to her breast, where I kiss two of the most perfect suckers I’ve ever seen, caressing them together, kissing each one about a million times, before sucking her nipple; first one, then the other, making her arch her back, as I flick it with my tongue.  Her heavy breaths become moans, and I place my hands at her waist, pushing her panties down slowly, giving her ample opportunity to tell me to stop.  To my satisfaction, she doesn’t stop me, and then I realize something of monumental importance.  I don’t have any condoms.  The fact almost makes me stop dead in my tracks, because I know that the last thing that she ever wants to do is to worry about getting pregnant again.
“Sweetheart,” I whisper, winded, cupping her face with my hands. “I’m real sorry I…I’m caught a little bit off guard here.  I...don’t have any condoms.”
“Oh,” she breathes.  “Shit.” A little chuckle.  “Um…” a kiss on the mouth.  “Can you…pull out?”
I nod once.  “I can do that.”  It won’t be quite as intense as us sharing the experience together, but under the circumstances, we’ll make do.  
“You sure?” she breathes, kissing me more, gliding her tongue in my mouth, making it literally impossible to say no.
“Um hm.” I murmur between kisses.  There is no way in hell I’m missing out on this opportunity if she’s willing.  I don’t care what she wants me to do to make this work, I’ll do it.  
“Okay.” She pants.  “Because I need you so bad, Blake.  I’ve never needed anyone as much as I need you now.”
“That’s okay, darlin’.” I murmur heavily.  “Just hang in there for a moment.  I’ll make sure you’re taken care of, sweetheart.”
My lips break contact with hers, as I leave a trail of kisses down her neck and chest, and begin sucking and licking her nipples, while she pushes her pelvis up, hungry for my touch.  Keeping my hands on her breasts, I kiss down her belly, to the insides of her thighs, and then my mouth is on her folds.  I hear her suck in air quickly, as my mouth covers her entirely, sucking and gently pulling on her flesh, as she writhes under me.  
Fingers working her nipples, I batter her hungry nub with my tongue, as my girl cries, desperate for release.  Her pelvis wiggles in time with my contact, as her breathing grows more and more ragged, until I feel her body lock up, her pelvis tilt, and I lick her at lightning speed, as she feels her release crash through her.  Thankful the windows and doors are closed, I listen to my girl call out the Lord’s name in vain, my name, and then she utters an expletive as she hisses, and I’m inwardly smiling, giving myself a pat on the back.
My lips and tongue action taper off, as I gently suck and kiss her folds as she comes down, and as her noises turn into soft mewls, I kiss the insides of her thighs, and softly kiss all the way up her body, releasing her nipples from my touch.  She’s a puddle, all limp and loose, as I reach her lips.  “Jesus Christ, Blake.” She whispers, still winded.
“I’m glad you can make that distinction now.” I chuckle softly, placing the head at her entrance, waiting for her to make a move to let me know that she’s game for the rest of this.  Her soft snuffle is sexy, as she tucks her feet on my back, at the waist, readying herself for me.  When I enter her, our eyes are locked, and as I move, they close.  “Mmm…baby, I love you so much.” I whisper, moving slowly, as I fill her.
Her hands tangle in my hair.  “The more you say that the more you turn me on, Blake.”
“No complaints here, darlin’.” I grunt softly, feeling her body stretch.  My lips are on hers as we kiss erotically, finding a rhythm together, and when we do, we’re both breathing raggedly, grunting almost simultaneously, as delicious waves are mutually enjoyed.  Picking up speed, I lean up on my elbows, driving into her more aggressively, testing the waters.  She responds by flaring her knees further apart and higher up, as I penetrate her to the hilt.  
My thumb goes to the spot where my tongue was earlier, and her nub is just as hard as it was then, telling me that she’s ready for another explosion, and I’m so ready, as she arches her back, preparing for the final countdown.  I grit my teeth, trying like hell not to come too quickly, making sure that my timing is right, so she finishes first, before I pull out of her, and I’m sweating just focusing on staying a second behind the wave, so I can hold out.
In my mind, I’m saying a mantra, ‘Oh, God, please let her come’, over and over again, as I circle her clit faster and faster, and then I feel her start to clamp up, so I feel every inch of her, and just as I don’t think I’m going to make it, she lets go.  I slow slightly, focusing on her, letting her feel that second climax fully, before I find the ideal rhythm, and seconds later, I feel my seed reach the tip, just as I pull out.  I’m careful to shoot downward as I empty myself on her body, and she writhes, seemingly enjoying the warmth and the feeling of my cock against her belly, as my thumb squeezes out every drop.
It takes me a moment to recover, as I lean up on my knees, catching my breath.  Seconds later, I open my eyes, searching for a tissue box, so I can clean her up.  We make a team effort of this, quickly discarding the evidence, and then I lay next to her, propping my head on my hand, resting on the pillow.  Her eyes are closed and her expression is warm and soft, as I trace patterns over her skin with my fingertips.  “Mmmm…that feels nice.” She whispers.
“You like that?” I grin, reveling in this beauty laying next to me, after making love with me.
“Tickles.  But a good tickle.” She chuckles in the darkness.
“Mm…hmm.”
Her hand reaches my back, and she mirrors what I’m doing.  “See?” she snuffles a laugh.
“It does tickle a little bit.” I lick my lips, afraid to ask the next question, but I know I have to.  “How long are you staying, doll?”
A heavy sigh.  “I brought enough for a week, so I have some time to sort things out.  Beyond that, we’ll have to see.”
“Well, that’s fair, darlin’.  Whatever you need just ask.”
“I already got what I need, Blake.” She leans in and kisses me sweetly.  “You.”
“I need you, too.” I say, kissing her forehead.  “Stay forever.  Don’t go back.” I say, and the look on my face says that I may be joking, but I could also be serious.
“I’m not sure yet, babe.  I have a house and a business.”
“You can live here.  With me.  We can even stay here in the guest house if you want to, sugar.  It’s up to you.”
“God, I’d love to.” She says, as if she’s in a dream.
“But I don’t want to pressure you, sweet pea.  It’s whatever is going to make you happy.” I say, draping a loose strand of hair over her ear.  “But I think that we both know that staying apart is not going to make you happy.”
“You’re right.  It won’t.” She says, glancing into my eyes.  I could stare at her beautiful eyes all day.
“I could…make a little office for you in here if you want.  Or we can build you one on the property.”
“Actually, Kate found some office space nearby.  I think that would be best.”
“Well, sure, darlin’.  I just remember how much you liked working on the porch.”
“I did. But I’m afraid that’ll complicate things, especially if I hire Kate as my assistant.  It’s better not to have my focus split.  Or hers.”
“That’s true, too, honey.” I grunt, pulling the covers up.  We make light work of getting under them, as we snuggle.  “How about we worry about this later, huh.  Get some sleep.”
“What about my stuff?”
“You want me to go bring it in, sweetheart?”
She considers this for a second.  “Na.  We’ll leave it until the morning.” She says.  “Like I said.  I have all I need right here.”

Chapter 14
Ruby
As I lay next to Blake, basking in warm afterglow, after making love, I can’t help but feel so happy.  Happier than I’ve ever felt my whole life.  That’s the truth.  Blake is so loving, tender, caring, and unselfish, I can’t help but love him.  It also doesn’t hurt that he’s the best lover I’ve ever had. His body is wrapped around me, almost protectively, as he sleeps.  Each time I move, his thumb strokes my thigh, as though in his sleep, subconsciously, he knows I’m here, like I’ve been part of his heart my whole life, and now it’s for real.
We sleep the best night’s sleep ever, and his phone is what wakes us at five o’clock.  It’s out in the living room, but since you can hear a pin drop in here, it goes off like thunder.  He kisses my head, rolls over onto his back, stretches, and then trots into the living room, naked.  I can’t help but watch him.  The phone is shut off, and he walks back into the room to rejoin me.  I can’t help but look…there.  I’ve never seen a man of his size before.  The best part is, he also knows what to do with it…well.  
He’s grinning, following my gaze.  “You get a good look, darlin’?”
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to gawk.” I answer shyly.
“That’s okay. It’s yours.  You can look at it whenever you want.” He says, kissing my temple as he snuggles in behind me.
“Don’t you sleep in on weekends?”
“Not when you live on a ranch, love.  I do sometimes on Sundays, but it depends what we’ve got going on.”
“Shouldn’t you get going then?  Before your family sends out a search party?”
“They know where we are, darlin’.  No need to worry.”
Then a thought occurs to me.  “Oh…shit.” I snuffle a laugh.  “It’s going to look really obvious when we walk into the house together.”
“See, that’s where you don’t need to worry.  Everyone knows that we love each other.  Last night wasn’t any of their business, and they’ll respect that.”
I lean up, raising a brow.  “Have you met your brothers?”
He smiles.  “Sure, they’ll roast us a bit, but nothing we can’t handle.”
“You’re almost proud.  You’d rather them know.”
“I’d rather us not pretend is all.  Also,” he licks his lips.  “I’m a shitty liar.”
I snort a laugh.  “So am I.  We’re a match made in heaven.”
“We are that, sugar.” He agrees, combing his fingers through my hair.  I lean my chin on his chest as the top half of my body rests on him.  “Do you have lots of work to do today?”
He frowns.  “Some.  Best to get it done in the morning, so we don’t roast in the sun.  You want to go for a ride with Lollipop today?”
My face brightens.  “I’d love to.”
He kisses me.  “Okay.  You can sleep longer if you want to, baby.  But I’ve got to get up before Zack comes banging on this here door.”
I kiss him, letting it linger. “I was kinda hoping for a morning delight.”
“Mmmhmmm.” He strokes my back.  “I’d much rather wait until I’ve got some protection, darlin’.  I don’t want to put you through…anything that you’re not ready to…again.”
I love it how he’s so concerned and unselfish. “Okay.” I nod, kissing him one last time, before getting up.  “Get a big box.”

***
 
Blake doesn’t hide anything.  His hand is in mine as we walk into the main house for breakfast.  Zack and Austin immediately start whistling and whooting, making fun, and Emma cuffs both of them upside the head.  “See what good it did me to warn you first.”
“Ow, mama!” Austin whines, rubbing his head. “Easy.”
Zack’s too busy watching Blake, as he pulls a chair out for me at the breakfast table.  “I see you’re wearing the same clothes you were wearing yesterday, big brother.”
“You are so observant…for a badinsky.” Blake says.
“Now, you don’t listen to your brothers, Blake.  One day they’ll be gentlemen just like you.”
“Either that or they’ll get the snot beat out of them for being less than gentlemanly.” Blake comments, giving me a sweet kiss on the lips, before pushing my chair in for me.  I brought the flowers that Blake sent me, so I could enjoy them.  Emma has them as a centerpiece on the table.  “These the flowers, love?” he asks me.
“They are.” I kiss him softly on the mouth.
“Gross.” Austin says.  “Do I have to watch this while I eat?”
“Hush.” Emma says.  “They’re lovely.  Now that’s a real gentleman.  A man who sends a woman flowers is kind and thoughtful.”
“What about a man who slams a girl like a screen door in a thunderstorm?” Zack asks glibly.
Blake reaches over and smacks him on the head.  “You keep talking like that in front of mama and Ruby and I’ll see to it that your lip is so fat you can’t speak.”

***

Blake sets two wrapped boxes in front of me, as I’m mulling over some emails on my laptop, sitting on the porch.  “What’s this?”
“Open them.” He says, and then he kisses my lips.  
“Well, see, now, you’re starting to make me feel bad.” I state glibly. “This is the second and third gift you’ve given me, and I didn’t get you anything yet.”
He winks.  “You can give me something later.”
I feign a shocked gasp and he winks again, smiling, as I rip the decorated paper from box one.  “Does it matter what order?”
“Nope.”
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“Just shut up and open them, darlin’.” He chuckles, good-naturedly.
I swat at him, but continue ripping, until a box with a logo appears. I don’t recognize the logo, so I pull the box open.  Inside is a pair of cowboy boots…well, cowgirl boots.  Another gasp, this one for real.  “Oh, wow!  These are awesome!” I say, lifting them out.  They smell of fresh leather.  I put them up to my nose and sniff. “God, I love these.  How did you know my size?”
“Mama and I looked at your shoes, darlin’.  If they don’t fit, I’ve got a receipt.”
I pull my shoes off and try them on.  They fit like a glove.  I look at Blake and smile.  “They’re perfect.  Is that what you were out doing in town?”
“Among other things.”  He says, pulling a box of condoms out of his vest, tossing them on the table.
I can’t help but chuckle.  “Dare I guess what’s in the other box?”
“Let’s just say it goes with the boots.”
I tear open the box, and sure enough, a lady’s Stetson sits in there.  Tan suede, to match the color of the boots.  “I told the saleslady what color your hair is and she said that this color would be a perfect fit.  Try it on.” He nods.
I pull the hat on my head.  Sure enough, it’s like it was made for me, too.  “Looks great on you, darlin’.”
“I love it, Blake.” I rise, hugging him close.  Then I give him an open-mouthed kiss, and he kisses me back with equal vigor.  “Thank you.” I say, when our lips part.
“You’re quite welcome, love.” He kisses me sweetly, holding me tight.
I look around slyly.  “You think we have time for me to thank you properly?”
He chuckles sexily.  “Don’t you have work to do?”
“I can take a ‘thank you’ break if you can.” I look at the door.  “This thing locks, right?”
“Yes, it does.” He answers, kissing me. “But you do realize that everyone’s gonna know what we’re up to, right?  We’re gonna have to get used to keeping a poker face if we want to have midday…err…’thank you’ breaks.”
“This is why I need my own office.  I won’t be able to resist you, baby.”
“I see your point.” He says, kissing me, almost with tongue, but I know he won’t do that if there’s a chance that anyone can see.  I go to take my hat and boots off.  He hesitates, giving me such a smouldering look, it’s my undoing.  “No…leave them on.”
“How are you going to take my clothes off with my boots on?” I ask, between chuckling.  
“By doing it the cowboy way, darlin’.” He says, stuffing the condom box back inside his vest.  He lifts me, and I wrap my legs around his waist, as he carries me into the house, locking the door behind him.  As soon as the door is closed, he devours my lips, sucking, nipping, making love to them, as he softly slides his tongue inside my mouth, making me melt.  Like a gentleman, he pulls his boots off before entering the house.
As we head into the master bedroom, he closes the door behind him, and sets me down on the bed.  He removes his vest, tossing the condoms onto the bed, and undoes his shirt, peeling it off, while I watch.  His eyes are on mine with this salacious expression that’s both warm and sexy.  He wastes no time taking all his clothes off, right down to his socks and underwear.  It occurs to me that maybe I should be doing the same, but he lifts a finger. “No, no, darlin’.  That’s my job.”
“Oh.” I smile.  “Sorry.”
Hovering over me, we’re nose to nose, as he teases me, placing his lips close to mine, yet not kissing me.  His fingers are at my waist, as he pulls my shirt off, removing my hat, but then placing it right back on my head.  His fingers go back to my waist, where he undoes my pants, and pulls them and my panties off, removing my boots first, but then repeating the process, and placing them back on.  Next, he reaches back and unclasps my bra, kissing my neck as he tucks his head in the crook, and when I’m naked, he places his full weight on me and murmurs.  “So, do you want to do it the cowboy way?”
“With my hat and boots on, you mean?” my voice is equally sultry.
He nods.  
“I’m game if you are, cowboy.”
With that, he reaches over, rips the box of condoms open, and tucks one in my cleavage.  “You put it on when you’re ready, darlin’.” He says, as he begins sucking my one nipple, while kneading the other, making me arch my back and moan.  Something about Blake’s touch drives me nuts.  It’s the perfect balance of aggression, like he means it, and gentle, also like he means it, but also that he loves me to death.  
“Oh, God, Blake, you keep doing that and I’m going to explode before I even put the damn thing on.”
He speaks softly against my skin.  “My girl is hungry.” 
“Starving.  I’ve wanted you since this morning.  Actually, let’s be real here.  I wanted you after last night again.”
“Then I better make it worth the wait.” He says, still whispering as he works my breasts.  
“Hey, cowboy.” I say, my voice silky.  “You mind if we switch places?”
“You mean you on top?”
I nod and he chuckles, and it sounds so goddamn sexy.  He rolls over onto his back, and I climb on top, grabbing the condom first.  I rip it open and gently sheath it on him.  “You ready for a ride?”
“Looks to me like you’re the one who’s gonna do the riding, darlin’.” He says with a sultry grin. He lifts, so we’re nose-to-nose, and he holds me close, as our chests touch.  “God, I love you so much, sweetheart.  You are the sexiest woman alive.”
His words spur me on.  My hands are buried in his hair as we kiss hungrily, and I gently force his back down to the mattress, while still kissing him.  Lifting slightly, I slide him inside, feeling his girth enter me, and his hands go to my thighs, holding me on him, readying for us to move together.  As we start, we remain kissing, drinking each other in.  He removes his lips from mine, only to start kissing, sucking and licking my breasts, making me feel everything from the top of my head to the tip of my toes.  
With his hardness in all the way, I’m stretching inside, feeling every cell of him, as he hits all the right places.  His thumb finds my clit, and he begins circling it.  He speaks softly, as he sucks my nipple.  “I’m gonna make you come fast, and then real slow, okay, darlin’.” His voice is as sexy as hell, like on one of them nine-hundred number lines that they had once upon a time.  Me and a friend called once in high school.  Just the introduction in the queue was enough to gross us out.
The second his thumb goes to work, along with his mouth, I can feel myself climb fast.  Blake was right.  How the hell he’s doing all this is beyond me.  Moving to the same rhythm, sucking and licking my breasts, and all with his thumb doing magical things to me, he’s like a sexual prodigy…and an octopus.  His penis is hitting so many places all right, and his thumb is, too.  My mouth opens, and I make noises I’ve never heard from myself before, as I come gloriously from his touch.  
As I come down, he guides me to my back, and he starts moving deliciously slow, lifting my knees so he’s fully in me.  His eyes close as my hands rub his nipples, gently squeezing them between my fingers with each pass.  “That feel good, baby?” I breathe.
“Everything does, darlin’.”
“And you don’t have to pull out this time.”
“I’m looking forward to that.” he says, matter-of-factly, as he tilts up further, filling me completely, pushing my knees as far apart as they go, so I feel everything.  
His pelvis pushes in and out, as his abs contract, and he looks so goddamn hot on top of me, it’s my undoing.  Arching my back, I feel myself climb again, and Blake speeds up, as his breathing starts to become ragged.  It’s the sexiest sound.  He was way tamer last night, probably because he didn’t want to accidentally come inside me, but all bets are off right now.  He tilts a little and hits me in the perfect spot, and I combust under him.
From his grunts over my cries, I can tell that he’s letting go, too, and there’s nothing like it.  The feel and sound of the man you love inside you, feeling all of you, taking as much pleasure in the moment as you are.  Nothing beats it.  He lets out one final satisfied, soft grunt, and slowly lies on top of me, catching his breath.  “Man, you are the best sex I’ve ever had, baby.” I say, breathless.
“That makes two of us, then, darlin’.  We’re great together.”
“We are.” I agree, kissing his shoulder.
He lifts his head and kisses me all over my neck, face, tenderly, and when he reaches my lips, they’re soft, open-mouthed kisses.  “If I haven’t told you enough today, I love you, darlin’.”
“I love you, too.  And you could never tell me enough times, Blake.  I love hearing it.”
“Same here, sweetheart.” He rubs his nose on mine. With another kiss, he rises and goes to take care of the condom.  When he returns, he slides in next to me.  “I hate to love you and leave you, darlin’, but we both have to get back to work.”
“Well, I can tell you one thing for sure, baby.  My afternoon is going to be a lot more laid back than it was moments ago.”
He chuckles.  “Mine, too.” Another nose rub.  

***
Blake
Ruby’s over with Gladys and Kate, cleaning the new office they just leased.  Mama’s here with us, tending to the horses, and we decide to take a break for lunch.  While Zack and the two ranch hands are finishing eating, chatting with mama, I run over to the guest house.  As I return to the main house, I see the boys have already left to resume working, but I need to drop something off to mama first.  Opening the front door, I have the box of daddy’s things in hand, and mama helps me in, not realizing at first what I’ve got.
When realization hits, she gives me a look.  “Now, don’t tell me y’all didn’t go through it, Blake Walters.”
“No, I did, mama.  You can ask Ruby.  She was there when I was tearing all up over the stuff.”
Mama touches my face.  “I think you needed that, son.  We all did.  That’s how come we left it there for you.”
“I figured as much.  Anyway, I think we ought to keep these things.  All of it.  Maybe put it in the cedar chest in the basement for safekeeping.  I don’t think any of that should be thrown out.”
“If that’s what you want, Blake, you got it, son.” She says with conviction.  “Did you keep anything, love?”
I nod, staring at the box on the floor.   “One of his old shirts.  I may even wear it sometimes.”
“Not the gloves?”
I smile.  “No, I’ll never wear those.”
“Ruby going back to Louisiana to get her stuff, darlin’?”
“Yeah.  Once they get the office clean, she’s heading out to get her stuff.  I’m going to go with her, so we can load up my truck.  I’ll take one of the trailers with us, too, so she can bring what she wants from the house.”
“Why don’t you take Zack, too?  You’re going to need another set of strong hands.”
“I’d thought about that.  But I’m not sure if the boys can handle being alone here.”
“Gladys and I can keep watch, Blake.  They’re good boys.  I’m not worried.”
“Me neither.  I just don’t like leaving them without proper guidance.”
She cranes her neck back.  “I’ll give them guidance.  You underestimate your mama, boy.”
I kiss the top of her head, holding her close. “You’re right, mama.  We’ll both go.”
“And she’s got someone to sublet her little house?”
“Yes.  She’s real close with one of her neighbors, and her son’s going to take it for a while.  Works well for her since she knows them and all.”
“That’s great, love.  I’m so happy for her.”
“Me, too, mama.”

***
Terence
We’ve been stuck in the goddamn Philippines for nearly a month now.  The meetings just keep getting piled up, and I’m about to strangle Jacob, since he’s missing half the preparation for them.  I can’t figure out the reason why, until she’s walking into the hotel lobby, with her arm snaked through his.  It seems that my brother has been taking advantage of his time here in South Asia, setting himself up with a bride for purchase.  He sees me standing by the elevator, knowing full well that I’ve just come from yet another finance meeting that he so conveniently set up.
“Hi, Terence.  This is Anna.” He says by way of introduction.  
Anna is definitely from these parts.  She’s got tanned skin, a slender body, slitted eyes and raven hair. There’s no denying that she’s gorgeous.  I just wonder what her price is.
“Anna’s got family in the States.  She’s coming back with us to stay for a while.”
I’ll bet.
“Nice to meet you, Anna.  I’m Jacob’s brother, Terence.”
She smiles but doesn’t say anything.  Probably doesn’t know a word of English.  Her first words should be ‘run like the fucking wind’.
“And how is your social life fairing out here, little brother?”
“I wouldn’t know, Jacob.  I’ve been too busy with meetings.  We were supposed to be back home two weeks ago.  I think I’ve worn out Zoom communicating to home base in Louisiana.”
“Details.” He waves.  “Anyway, Anna and I are going up to my room for a little nightcap.  Don’t wait up.”
He’s going to go knock her up.  I’ll bet any money on it.  Our eyes lock as the elevator door closes.  “Tick tock, Terence.”

***
Ruby

“Gosh, this place is even bigger than your other office.” Kate comments.
“The shoebox, you mean?”
A little smile.  “I’m glad you see it my way.”
“It’s a fine office space.” Gladys interjects.  “We’ll get you some potted plants and some little photographs for the wall, and it’ll look real cozy.”
“Thanks, Gladys.”
“Hey, what time is Blake coming to get you?”
“He should be here any minute.” I answer, looking out the window.  The plaza is made up of just a few offices, which is why I fell in love with it.  Back in Louisiana, I had to always give directions to new clients, on how to find me, since it was a maze of fifty or so businesses, including restaurants and beauty outlets.  This complex has only five other businesses, and we’re all facing the street, so there’s literally no guesswork.  The floor is industrial carpeting, relatively new, freshly cleaned, and the paint on the walls is an eggshell white.  There is a small office area in front, where there is enough room for at least four guest chairs, and then my office is directly behind, separated by a door.  The small washroom is as soon as you open the entrance door, and there is a tiny kitchenette beside it; large enough for a refrigerator, and then a microwave on the other side of the sink on the counter.  There isn’t enough room for a table, but we’ll eat at our desks.
My office is smaller than the waiting area, but it’s larger than the one back in Louisiana.  I’m bringing both desks and chairs with me, but that’s about all I had there, since we hardly used it.  Maria was there more than I was.  I don’t even have a PC on my desk, as I just use my laptop, so there is very little transition to be done. And just as we’re finishing tidying up the kitchenette, I hear the front door open, and Blake’s face appears.
“Hi, darlin’.” He smiles, looking around.  “Wow, this place looks great.” He walks to me and kisses me chastely on the lips.  “You need to do anything before we leave?  Zack’s outside waiting in the truck.”
“Oh,” Kate tuts.  “Your brother couldn’t come inside, could he?”
I ignore her jibe.  “Nope.  I brought my stuff with me.” Kate brought me in this morning, so I wouldn’t have to worry about leaving my car.  The plan is to drive to Louisiana, pack up my stuff, and head home.  It’s a long drive, but neither of us can afford to stay overnight, as we have too much stuff to do.
“If you need help, call me when you’re back in town.” Kate offers.
“Me, too.  I’m a night owl.” Gladys adds.
“Thanks, guys.  But there really isn’t a lot.  Most of my stuff is going to the ranch.  Just the desks and chairs are coming here.  And the microwave.”
“We’ll pick up a fridge when they go on sale.” Kate adds.
“Sure.  Okay, I’ll see you guys later.”

***

“Gosh, you make the best tea, Blake.” I compliment as we sit on the front porch, after an exhausting day.  
“You like my tea?” he asks, sitting down next to me.  The sun is setting, and we’ve just been on a ride with the horses.  I have two new clients from Dallas, who came in to see me at the new office today, and another prospective client to meet tomorrow.  Business seems to be booming in the last couple of weeks, since we took up shop.  It helps that Kate ramped up some organic advertising with her knowledge and expertise.
“I love it.  I’ve never been a fan of tea, but you’ve converted me.”
A small light illuminates the front porch, just enough for safety.  It’s kind of romantic, being a warm orange light.  Blake’s eyes twinkle as I look at him.  “Well, thank you, darlin’.” He smiles, and leans over, giving me a kiss on the lips.  
“Aren’t you going to have some?”
“I just did.” He says, matter-of-factly, with a wink.
I chuckle.  
“My brother Austin’s coming back for the weekend.  So’s Maverick and Gunner.” He says conversationally.  “There’s a shindig going on in town that they don’t want to miss.  A horse show.”
“Oh yeah?  Like a competition?”
“Naw, it’s just seeing other breeders with their horses.  Happens once a year.”
“Are you going, too?”
“I am.  Would you like to join us?”
“Sure.  I love horses.  Once again, you’ve converted me.”
He smiles and takes my hand in his.  We’re silent for a little while, and I know that Blake’s wheels are turning.  I’ve learned this, because he’s stroking a finger down the inside of my palm. When he does that, I know that he’s thinking about something.  
Moments later, he grunts as he bends down, reaching into his boot.  “Seems you’ve converted me, too, darlin’.”
“What do you mean?”
He opens his hand.  Inside, sits a small box.  We both know what’s inside it and we exchange a look.  “Never thought I’d be a marrying man, but darlin’, you’ve converted me.” he says low and meaningfully, opening the box, removing his rump from the chair, getting down on one knee.  “Will you marry me?”
My hand goes to my mouth as I fight back the tears.  “Oh, gosh, Blake.  Yes,” I draw in a breath, “hell, yes, I’ll marry you.”
He smiles, removing the ring from the box, placing it on my finger.
“I thought I would wait a little while before doing this, darlin’, seeing as we haven’t been together for long, but I saw this ring in a window a couple of days ago, and it called to me.  The stones are the same color as your eyes.”
He’s right.  The solitaire has one stone on each side.  The most beautifully colored little greenish stones.
“The wedding bands have the same color stones on them, too.” He explains, placing the ring on my finger.
“God, Blake.  It’s gorgeous.”
“I think so, too.  But it doesn’t hold a candle to you, darlin’.” He kisses my lips.  I kiss him back, holding my lips on his for emphasis.  
“I love you so much, Blake.” I breathe, feeling the tears come down my cheeks.
“I love you with everything in my heart, darlin’.  I’ll love you forever and that’s the truth.” He kisses me again.  “It’s not too soon, is it, sweet pea?” he asks, so concerned.
I shake my head.  “No, not at all.  We love each other.  We’re living together.  I’m here for good.  No, it’s not too soon.”
“We can have as long an engagement as y’all want, too, or not.  Whatever makes you happy, sweetheart.  That’s all I want.”
“We can figure that out as we go, Blake.  All that matters is that we’re both happy.” I look down at his boot, with a little smirk.  This man always has something up his sleeve…or in his boot.  “What else have you got hiding in there?”
He smiles.  “We keep lots of things in there, doll.”
I rise and sit in his lap, reaching down to his boot.  There’s something metal in there.  “Is that a gun?”
He nods.  “Yeah.  Texans always have one of those in there.  I carry one in my vest, too, if I’m wearing one.” he licks his lips.  “It’s part of growing up on a ranch, too.  And hunting.  Guns are as common as hairbrushes in these parts.”
I pull his hat off his head and run my fingers through his curls.  “You don’t need a hairbrush when you’ve got me, baby.” I grin, pulling him to me.
He chuckles warmly, kissing my lips.  “Golly, I can’t wait until I can call you my wife, darlin’.  Never been so dang proud to have someone by my side until I met you.”
He’s always so full of sweet things to say.  Beats me every time.  I can’t compete, so I just kiss him.  That seems to get the message across.  He kisses me back with vigor, but keeping it semi-chaste, since we are outside.  He’s a private man, and I like that. Suddenly, he sweeps me up off his lap, as he stands tall, holding me in his arms, like he’s about to bask me away to some exotic place.  “How’s about we celebrate this here engagement with some lovemaking, beautiful.”
“Sounds good to me, baby.” I say, my voice low and sultry.  We’re kissing as we reach the door.  He opens it, and the second his foot is in the door, his tongue is in my mouth, making me moan.  He’s about to close the door, when we hear it.  The horses are stirring.  Blake’s lips stop moving immediately.  He lifts his lips from mine and sets me down, when we hear a more desperate sound coming from Lollipop.  “What’s going on?”
Blake’s voice is a whisper.  “I don’t know, but I’m about to go find out.”  He reaches into his boot, grabbing the gun that I found in there not two minutes ago.  He does something to it, making it click, and he hands it to me. “You stay here.  You hear anything, don’t hesitate.  Pull the trigger.”
“But what if it’s you?”
“You’ll know it’s me, darlin’.  Not to worry.” He says, pulling another pistol out of his vest.  “Close that door and lock it.  Don’t open it until I tell you to, okay.” He says as he kisses me quickly.  “Love you, darlin’.”
“Love you, too.” I say, as he closes the door, and I lock it.  I watch him from the glass enclosure, as he walks to the stable slowly, looking around every step of the way.  When he gets to the wall, he leans against it, Charlie’s Angels style, with his back to it, holding the pistol with both hands.  Then he turns around with his weapon up, and disappears beyond the house, into the stable.  My hands are trembling as I back away from the door, going to the bedroom, so I can see from the side of the house.
As I reach the window, I see the curtains billowing slightly with the wind, and I close it, locking the latch, making a mental note to gently chide Gladys for leaving it open when she left, after cleaning earlier.  I look out the window and see nothing.  I hear nothing, so I go back to the front door, and look out the glass again.  I see Blake heading to the side of the house again, going in the other direction, towards the barn.  He repeats his Charlie’s Angels move, with his back to the back wall.
But this time, I don’t get to see him turn around.
A hand reaches across my mouth.
…that’s all I remember.



A woman he hates.  A man she hates more.  An unwanted child.  And a man who tries to take it all away with one signature.
As soon as Zack Walters walked into that sticky bar, I knew he couldn’t put a sentence together without effort.  To my surprise, I’ve learned that he’s not a man of many words.  His actions speak much louder.  He didn’t know what he was getting into when he mixed with me.  Truth is, I didn’t know, either.  That’s been my life.  A laundry list of troubles isn’t what anyone wants, especially when it comes to one pint-sized person.  It isn’t what I signed up for.  It isn’t what Zack signed up for, either.  But most important, it isn’t what a child should have to go through alone.
She’s silver-tongued, audacious, and a huge pain in my ass.  But I was raised to help when help’s needed. It’s what I do. She thinks I’m a fool, and sometimes I believe her, but falling in love twice in the same week doesn’t prove anyone wrong, least of all me.  Despite the alarm bells going off all over, I can’t stay away from these girls, and one of them won’t let me leave.  I just wish there were more guarantees.  My brothers think that he’ll take her away, and if he doesn’t, with Kate’s troubles, something else might.  It’s like a Euchre game.  I just hope that my heart can trump their spades.
…little do I know that the Euchre game is going to be trumped by a blast going off on the day that my brother says his vows.
HEA (Happily Ever After)
Hate to love romance
Ranch romance
Cowboy romance
Medium heat
Course language
Cliffhanger ending

Smashwords

Keep in Touch!

Join my free newsletter and know about new releases.  

It’s absolutely free, there are no strings attached, your information is completely confidential, and you can unsubscribe any time.  

All you need is an email address.

To join my newsletter, just click this link and enter your email address.

Also by Sandy 

Romance 
 
A riches to rags cowboy. A hardened cowgirl. The gunshot that erases all doubt.  Laura Warner knows nothing but horses. Her entire life has been lived on a ranch. It’s her love, her dream, and aside from the love of her life, Quentin, it’s the only thing that she ever thinks about. But when tragedy strikes at Kelsey Ranch, Laura is left to care for the horses and the land with the help of her siblings. Years later, Laura feels content with life, but when a gunshot blasts only days after she has to make a difficult decision, Laura learns that everything happens for a reason…and it doesn’t always lead to more hardship…sometimes it leads to happiness. But can she convince herself that this is possible? 
 
Check out No More Tears 
 
Can a young widow ever find the perfect romance again?  This second chance romance takes place in a small town in Arkansas, where Sherry and her daughter Denise encounter judgement and ridicule from some, and dedicated support from others for Denise’s speech disability, all while a new face arrives in town.   
 
Check out She Only Speaks to Butterflies 
 
What would you do if you knew?  Born in a small town in Arkansas, Stacey Bailey never dreams of falling in love with big, New York newscaster Larry Keenan. When their son Jet is born, they learn quickly that he isn’t a cookie-cutter child. Suddenly, Larry begins working odd hours and there is palpable detachment in the marriage. 'The Sixth Sense' meets 'Hope Floats' meets 'A Beautiful Mind' 
 
Check out Knowing 
 
A selfish birthday wish. An undeserved new life. A tragic lesson. An important final prayer.  Is the grass ever greener on the other side? Raelynn asks herself that….and then spends months trying to figure out how to take it back. 
 
Check out It’s Not the Flowers 
 
A dramatic story about a young actress who, in her youth, falls in love with an actor, and later seeks him out.  But when he falls in love and marries her, he doesn’t marry the real her, just a sanitized version.  After she’s involved in a near-fatal plane crash, he learns who she really is.  Once he’s learned the truth, will he still love her? 
 
Check out Would You Still Love Me? 
 
Ripley can’t seem to choose the right man.  Every one of them her parents don’t approve of, and rightfully so.  When an incident occurs at her house, her life is changed, but not in ways one might think.  It all changes when Will knocks at her door. 
 
Check out When Will Knocks at Your Door 
 
Victoria has lived a lie all her life, and she finds out at the worst time: when her lover proposes marriage.  Read all about the lies, twists, betrayal, but mostly about the love and romance in this fan favourite.  This is the author’s first romance novel. 
 
Check out Blessed and Betrayed 
 
***5 Stars from Readers’ Favorite*** 
 
The were both young.  They both had grown-up problems.  When it seems impossible, can love prevail?  An inspiring coming-of-age romance for all to enjoy.  Come and meet Sam and Becky, two young people that will re-ignite your belief that love conquers all. 
 
Check out The Man with the Black Belt 
 
On the surface, Kendra is seen as the apartment’s gossip, but underneath she’s a woman who has felt pain in a way that most haven’t. Hiding behind a pair of non-prescription lenses is a girl who loves, laughs, cries, and enjoys life…all from behind her living room curtains. Ian, the heartthrob that lives in her apartment, doesn't know she exists.  When they meet, there's no telling what can happen. 
 
Check out Misunderstood 
 
Cassandra has never known romantic love. Her son, her parents, and her friends love her…but no man ever has. Until she’s torn between two. 
 
Check out Decisions 
 
What would you do if the love of your life suddenly didn’t want the same things as you? What if you had an unfulfilled dream and only your partner could make it come true?  
 
Check out Complicated 
Suspense 
 
Mark is Chief of Police for the LAPD. His return to work after a heart attack is eventful as his team hunts down a serial killer. Mark is used to unexpected situations at work, but when he finds himself amidst a shocking mystery at home, his hands are tied. Being pulled in all directions, Mark thinks the situation could not be worse…until he learns the next bullet has his wife's name on it. 
 
Check out The Wife of a Lesser Man 
 
A serial killer, a stock broker, and a police chief’s daughter clash in this mysterious tale of greed and love.  Michael is forced to choose between his most precious asset and the love of his life, when a serial killer tries to take what matters most to him.  Police chief Mark Tame and his team hunt for clues with Michael’s help, when they realize that the killer is linked to Michael. 
 
Check out Don’t Mess with Daddy’s Girl 
 
Simon Cross is a type-A personality advertising executive, who has a penchant for sleeping with married women. When one lover’s husband learns of the affairs, Simon finds himself at the mercy of a madman.  The advertising executive develops a very different view of life and the people around him, but not before things are radically changed in ways he never dreamed possible. 
 
Check out The Wheels of Change 
 
***5 Stars from Readers Favorite*** 
 
His wife is dead. His only son is a drifter. He lives alone in his quaint San Bernardino town and likes it that way, until well-known Nevada criminals discover something about Saul Jessup that makes him rather interesting. 
 
Check out Betrayal Only Comes in Green 
 
When your dream means changing someone else’s life, what lengths would you go to to make it come true? After Elizabeth witnesses domestic violence, her father is suddenly killed in a car crash. Elizabeth is inserted into a new life: a new father and brother, and most unusual; a completely new name.  Grampa Terrence is a father figure since Grant’s parent’s divorce. Terrence is grooming Grant to be the next mayor of Louisville and will stop at nothing to see him appointed; no matter whose life is ruined.  As Grant patronizes Elizabeth’s restaurant one day, all eyes are on them. Like ostriches with heads in the sand, things have been concealed: a baby, betrayal, bribery...even murder. 
 
Check out Seven Lies, Four Truths 
 
“An eye for an eye.”   
 
Layla Dixon never dreams of living in the small town of Holly Springs, North Carolina. Having been born and raised in New York City, the teen never fathoms the idea of ever leaving her hometown. Until one day when a horrific scene makes her beg to be anywhere but home. Her parents, both doctors, are kept in the dark when their daughter begins to display strange behavior. And when they finally learn the truth, it may be too late. 
 
Check out To Hide in Holly Springs 
 
Steamy Romance 
 
Linda and Larry's New Year's parties have become drab over the years, unbeknownst to them. As Linda stands in her living room, watching her friends gather for the festivities with pasted on smiles, something occurs to her...everyone she cares about is miserable. Until Linda and Larry come up with a plan...a coupling conspiracy...but will it work? Or will fate take over and sabotage their plan? 
 
Check out A Coupling Conspiracy 
 
Liza is a twenty five year old girl with one thing missing in her life: a man. Up until now, she’s lived her life by-the-book. When she learns she has three weeks left to live, everything changes. Suddenly she's dating, having sex, and entertaining at her roommate’s lingerie parties. It seems now that she's dying, she wants to live life in the fast lane. 
 
Check out 21 Days For Liza 
 
Memoir/Short Reads 
 
A memoir on living with the back deformity known as Scoliosis. Diagnosed with Scoliosis at age twenty three, there was little doctors could do to help her. She was faced with daily discomfort or pain, fear, and not knowing what future complications the medical condition would bring. The author illustrates to the reader what the last twelve years have brought her in dealing with her deformity. Against the perceived odds; she started a career, birthed two children, went through several specialists, clinics and therapists, wrote two books and fought for disability. This book was written for anyone who is challenged with daily pain, and would like some help emotionally with how to make the best out of life despite it. 
 
Check out I’ll Never Wear a Backless Dress 
She thought she'd laughed a thousand times...then she had kids. This kids-say-the-darndest-things style memoir will keep you laughing for days! Fun for all ages.  Do you have kids? Do you sometimes want to send them to their bedroom until puberty? And other times, do you want to hug them until they burst?  What about those moments when they say something so innocent and incredibly cute or hilarious that you wish you had a pen and paper so you could remember it?  Well, that’s exactly what I did. My children have given my husband and I so many gifts, but the most precious has been laughter. I made a record of each funny or cute thing that they said since the moment they could speak.  It’s all here in this short yet unforgettable ‘Kids Say The Darndest Things’ style memoir. 
 
Check out No Thanks, Mommy, I Peed Yesterday  

Did you enjoy this book?  You can make a big difference.

Do you know what the difference between an author that sells a few copies of their book a month and a New York Times bestselling author is?

The answer is clear and simple:  REVIEWS

Don't believe me?

Take a look at any NYT bestselling author and a regular author (like me) and see the difference in the number of reviews.

The fact is clear:  reviews lead to sales.  Sales lead to bestseller charts.

One other simple fact is that many advertisers won't look at a book unless it has a minimum of 50 book reviews.

That's where you come in.  I need your help.

Honest reviews of my books help bring them to the attention of other readers.  

If you’ve enjoyed this book, I would be very grateful if you could spend just five minutes leaving a review (it can be as short as a like).

Thanks very much,

Sandy

Here is a link to leave your review on Smashwords


Author’s Note
Thank you so much for reading ‘Lost in Texas’.  With the raving success of the ‘A Town Without Pity’ series, I know readers want more, so this series was born!  I wanted the same ranch romance feel, with warm-hearted characters, sizzling love scenes, and life lessons, all packed into one.  Be careful, the books in this series all end in a cliffhanger!  Just like the other series!  I know people love to hate them, but more important, they love them, too!

I really hope you enjoyed this book.  If you would like to know when I have a new release, sign up for new release updates.

Want to learn more about me?

Link to my website.
Link to my Amazon Author Page.

See me on Twitter
See me on Facebook
See me on BookBub
See me on Blogger

…or drop me a line via email.

Thanks so much for your support!

~Sandy
