LOUIE THE BEE
by
Dave Corrick

The Insects Prevail

PUBLISHED BY:
Dave Corrick

New improved edition 2019

Copyright © 2019 by Dave Corrick

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales, is entirely coincidental.

License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.














DEDICATION

Louie the bee is dedicated to my wife and long time companion Julie. Thank you Julie for your help and encouragement in the writing of  "Louie the bee '. In many ways Julie is Lulu in the story. 
Dave
louie the beE

Contents

Chapter 1   Introducing Louie
Chapter 2   Of Smellphones And Other Things
Chapter 3   Al Spider Is On The Move
Chapter 4   Al Spider Arrives At The Reserve Bank
Chapter 5   A Picnic Is Organised
Chapter 6   The Picnic
Chapter 7   Two Years Later
Chapter 8   A Meeting About The Tunnel Is Called
Chapter 9   Lulu Meets Pearl
Chapter 10 Strange Happenings
Chapter 11 Pearl Has a Theory
Chapter 12 Pearl Explains Her Theory
Chapter 13 A Theory Is Tested
Chapter 14 A Mission On The Other Side
Chapter 15 Some New Powers Are Discovered
Chapter 16 Louie And Lulu Assist Mr McFarland
Chapter 17 Louie's World Nearly Ends
Chapter 18 Wedding Preparations
Chapter 19 The big day
Chapter 20 Pearl's Startling Discovery
Chapter 21 Pearl's New Discovery Is Tested
Chapter 22 A Magic Christmas
Chapter 23 Christmas To New Year
Chapter 24 The Cave Is Revisited
Chapter 25 Pearl Is Concerned
Chapter 26 The Appleton Property
Chapter 27 Pearl's Amazing Plans
Chapter 28 Oh Dear!
Chapter 29 A footnote and goodbye for now
Chapter 1
Introducing Louie

Louie the bee is a rather important member of a thriving insect community. It's an insect community that resides along the banks of a quietly flowing stream. In the main, the stream in question flows hidden from view between bush lined banks. Overhanging ferns and placid waters make it a beautiful stream to behold. It is beneath the ferns and trees that the banks are covered with lush green grass and wild flowers. For most of the stream's length it wends its way through a sparsely populated area. This is from far away hills to the west from whence it is sourced. It's close to where the stream encounters civilisation; this is as it flows eastwards; that at one part it flows for a short distance alongside a road. From there it's on through bush covered Council reserve land. This is before reaching a small village where there are people, retail shops, and the Local Council. As will be seen as the story unfolds; the Local Council has an important bearing on our story
The stream alluded to is probably typical of what can be found in many places. However it needs to be pointed out that this stream is no ordinary stream. It possesses a unique property. In relation to this unique property we need to have some technical input right at the start of this amazing story.
First it needs to be mentioned that the stream we are talking about is located within a small country of temperate climate. This means that there are seasons of warm summers followed by autumn, cold winters, and then the magic of spring. The country in question is located within the southern hemisphere of planet earth. The land where the stream resides; and the hills from which it is sourced; was created millions of years ago. This was from upthrusted sediments rich in minerals and volcanic debris.
It was in the beginning; that is many millions of years ago; that subduction of crustal plates created protrusions of now extinct volcanic formations. In relation to this; the stream in this story starts high in hills to the west of this land. The hills in question are actually the weathered and bush covered remnants of the aforementioned up thrusted volcanic formations. The water for all streams in the area comes from deep underground sources that have high concentrations of colloidal minerals. One of these minerals is Mellennium. Amazingly enough; Mellennium is an element yet to be discovered by humankind.
So it is that all the insects that reside along the stream consume the water that contains trace amounts of Mellennium. Now here's the thing; the element Mellennium has the property to block the genetic ageing processes within the body cells of insects. This means that insects living along the banks of the stream that has been referred to live way beyond normal insect life spans. In fact they can live up to one hundred years!
Right; having talked of the stream; let's get back to Louie. Just as was mentioned at the beginning, he is a bee. To be exact he is a bee of the bumble variety. That is a bumblebee. With the ability that insects have to live up to one hundred years; Louie is relatively young in being thirty - or thereabouts. Anyone catching sight of Louie for the first time would come to realise just what a handsome bee he is. His magnificent black and yellow furry stripes; this is together with his appealing large black eyes; make him that way. It has to be said that Louie is modest in personality. He doesn't even know the meaning of the word narcissistic. Actually it's in the early stages of this story that he may appear to be a bit of a duffer. However; just as we shall come to learn; Louie is in fact a very strong, loveable, and special bee.
It needs to be mentioned that at a secluded spot along the west side of the stream that there is a property belonging to a Mr McFarland. Mr McFarland is a gentleman in his retirement years. He is a man who is kind to bees and other insects that reside along the stream. It happens to be that on Mr McFarland's property there is a disused shed with a loft. The shed in question is located close to where Louie lives. The reason for mentioning the shed is that Louie runs an important business from the premises in question. In particular this is from the loft of Mr McFarland's shed. We shall discuss Louie's so called "business" in a little more detail shortly.
In the meantime; the point in time when we commence our story happens to be a fine spring morning. There is hardly a breath of wind. Location wise we are at Louie's house. This is where it is nestled in place within grass and wild flowers that line the banks of the stream. There's hardly a cloud in the sky this particular day. For the insect community there is a sense of the world being good with the cold of winter having passed. The sun's rays are fingering their way through the bush and trees that line the stream. What makes it all the more magic is that there has been overnight rain. It means that within the bush and trees there is the presence of myriads of diamond like droplets of water. This is where they hang from leaves and grasses to refract the sunlight. Then to top it off there is the fragrance that bush has after rain. Yes; such a morning is sheer heaven to little creatures such as Louie.
Just as was alluded to earlier; Louie's house is located on the west bank of the stream. It is of an environmentally friendly construction. This is in being made from empty honeycomb that has been filled with clay. Louie's house is thus energy efficient in maintaining perfect warmth and comfort during the months of winter.
The view across the stream from Louie's house; this is in the direction of the rising sun; is breathtaking. Louie emerges from his house while making soft buzzing noises of pleasure. He does this with his wings on feeling the warmth of the early morning sun. Having paused for a moment to enjoy what he can see and feel; Louie then adjusts his wings ready for flight. Having done so, he then powers them up to about half-throttle. Louie smiles to himself with satisfaction. This is because he knows that he is powered by a renewable energy source - namely honey. On that basis his carbon footprint is extremely small.
The gentle buzzing sound that Louie's wings make; this is when idling; changes when he opens the throttle to full power. The resulting noise produced is hard to describe. Hmmm; a bumblebee under full power? Maybe the sound could be described as being something similar to that of a bus ticket caught in an electric fan! 
It's while maintaining full power; and having adjusted the pitch of his wings; that Louie lifts off smoothly. Having done so, he gains height above the surrounding grass and flowers before descending to just above the surface of the stream. It's then that he heads off at great speed downstream in the direction of the village.
It will be first that Louie will check out a few of his friends that live along the stream banks. This is before joining his lifetime friend and mentor, Pearl Baker-Moth. Pearl Baker-Moth as one might be able to tell from her name is royalty within the insect world. We shall learn more of Pearl Baker-Moth shortly.
Before we talk more of Louie's associates; one needs to have an understanding of how the insect community; and Louie himself for that matter; live out their lives. We also need to highlight why it is that Louie as a community member is so important. On that basis it needs to be mentioned that all of the insects along the stream live in a civilised society. That is that they treat each other with respect just as it should be in the human world - but isn't. One interesting feature is that the insect's world; this is amongst those who live along the stream; is a society where the fiscal exchange medium is honey rather than money. Honey value is measured in dollops and scents.
To elaborate a little further; a dollop of honey is self-explanatory. Then a scent of honey is one hundredth of a dollop. This is an amount that is just large enough to be detected by a bee such as Louie who has a certain fondness for honey. As a means of even further enlightenment; and to appreciate perhaps just how big a dollop might be; it's when Louie heads off for a long flight that the cost of fuel can be as much as two dollops and fifty scents.
Next we need to understand how Louie operates in the business world. For one he happens to be the governor of the bank where dollops and scents are stored. The bank is located close to the stream on the reserve land that was alluded to earlier. Because of the bank's location on the aforementioned land it is known simply as the "Reserve Bank". This Reserve Bank is unusual in that unlike other banks, the longer deposits remain in the bank, the lower the amount of interest.
As a means of further clarification; it's similar to how gold has been used in the human world; that is as a basis for the monetary system; honey forms the basis of the insect's monetary system. Then; similar to how people don't carry gold with them; the insects don't carry honey about the place with them either. So it is that in the insect world; "notes" and "coins" replace the need to carry dollops and scents of honey to pay for things. Insects belonging to the community can if they so desire, exchange notes and coins for dollops and scents at the Reserve Bank.
At the risk of too much information, the "notes" in question are small neatly cut pieces of dried mint from Mr McFarland's garden. Each "note" has the stamp of approval from Pearl Baker-Moth. This approval stuff is what in essence forms the basis of what is known within the insect community as being the Royal Mint. "Coins" on the other hand are lavender seeds - thus conforming to the concept of a "scent". 
Let's get on with it!
Louie apart from being the governor of the Reserve Bank; also operates a cleaning and maintenance service for the insect community. As touched on earlier, this is situated in the loft of Mr McFarland's shed. If the reader has ever wondered how insects such as beetles, ladybirds, bees, and cicadas, come to have such shiny beautifully coloured bodies; this is where Louie the bee's cleaning service comes in. 
Louie the bee's cleaning service operation; generally referred to as the "Factory"; not only provides insect polishing and cleaning. It also provides moth and butterfly cleaning and valet services as well. A butterfly can receive a complete wash, shampoo, and set, for one dollop and fifty eight scents.
There is a reason why the Factory was set up in Mr McFarland's shed. It was because Mr McFarland in being a gentleman in his later years had given up driving a car some time ago. Accordingly it was in the shed that there remain more than adequate supplies of car polishes, car shampoos, tyre black, and other useful stuff that Mr McFarland no longer requires. These materials provided the very means and opportunity for Louie to operate his business.
Mr McFarland knows full well that Louie is operating in his shed. It doesn't bother him in the slightest that many insects are coming and going from the loft. In fact in being a lover of nature he takes great delight in it. Besides which it is at the back of the shed that bees have provided Mr McFarland with wild honeycomb. Louie had arranged this with the bees as a gesture of goodwill for the use of the loft in Mr McFarland's shed.
Louie by no means does all the work at the Factory by himself. No; in being an important sort of bee he is above all that. Louie has a team of Ten Ants that do all the work for him. They are paid agreed wages of dollops and scents of honey per hour for their effort. This also comes with free accommodation for the Ten Ants below Mr McFarland's shed. Louie runs a tight ship and expects the ants to perform as per the Ten Ants agreement. Even so; Louie is a good boss. He rewards the Ten Ants in other ways as we shall come to learn of later. 
The Factory premises have been suitably fitted out with a waiting room as well as operations and storage rooms. The staff room has a sign above the door displaying "Ten Ants" only. Other signs display "Ten Ants Parking Only" and "We Don't Do Ducks". Then above the entrance is an important message and motto for the insect world. That is "Straighten up and Fly Right".
Louie's office; this is within the Factory; is right next door to the staff room. This is so he can hear any nonsense that might be going on - and sort it out if necessary. However it is more often that Louie closes the door to his office and puts his feet up; that is all six of them: and has a snooze. On that basis he doesn't hear what the Ten Ants are up to anyway. 
It is on Louie's office door that there is a sign that states "Please Knock and Wait before entering". In reality this is just in case he might be snoozing. Such an arrangement means that it will give him time to wake up and look suitably "with it". This is as well as looking to be important.
It should be mentioned that Louie has names for all of his Ten Ants. The names relate to the personality and abilities of the individual ant. They are as follows:

1)  Combat ant - a bit of a hot head.
2)  Defend ant - good at Kung Fu.
3)  Depend ant - totally reliable.
4)  Expect ant - always hoping for more.
5)  Import ant - essential to have around - the supervisor.
6)  Inform ant - quite knowledgeable.
7)  Flatul ant - likes eating cabbage.
8)  Resist ant - never does as instructed.
9)  Ignor ant - never attended school.
10) Deodor ant - needs to take a bath.

Ah yes; just as it would be with any good manager Louie knows his team well. There are frequent staff meetings to discuss pay and working conditions. The "Ten Antsy Tribunal" deals with any disputes that might arise.
The Factory operates five days a week; that is Monday to Friday. It opens sharp at 9.00 a.m and closes at 5.00 p.m. Picnics and other good things are usually held on Saturdays and or Sundays. 
Having digressed; let's get back to what Louie is up to on what is a fine spring morning. It is on having called in on a couple of associates along the stream that he has flown on down to the village. As far as the day is concerned it is Monday. Time has moved on to being somewhere close to 8.30 a.m. At this point in time Louie has picked up some chocolate cake from the village cake shop. The chocolate cake he has fetched is a special treat for his friend and Queen of the streamside community. That is Pearl Baker-Moth.
Just as an aside; if you ever happen to visit a cake shop and there is a bit of your chocolate cake missing; you never know; Louie might have taken it. Anyway; Louie with his piece of chocolate cake has ended up being a bit early to visit Pearl Baker-Moth. As far as she is concerned; unless there are things to be up early for; she doesn't usually accept visitors until after 9.00 a.m. It's on that basis that Louie eases back on the power as he zooms along above the stream. Having done so; and as a means of filling in time; he alights on the flower of a Rhododendron Bush. The Rhododendron flower is a delicious source of nectar for Louie. Besides which; the partaking of a little  nectar helps Louie to avoid the temptation to eat the chocolate cake he has with him.
It's while Louie rests in the sun on the Rhododendron flower that we shall take the opportunity to introduce Pearl Baker-Moth. We will also take the opportunity to provide a few other pieces of information about the stream and its residents. One important issue in relation to Pearl Baker-Moth is that as a mark of respect that from the start we learn to pronounce her name correctly. In the insect world, Pearl Baker-Moth as we have mentioned previously is royalty. She happens to be a sophisticated beautifully patterned green moth with large red and blue spots on her wings. Accordingly it is when pronouncing her name; in particular this is "Baker-Moth"; that the two names should be run together quickly. That is in a "crisply" royal fashion - just as it might be with "Parker-Bowles".
It needs to be emphasised that although Pearl Baker-Moth likes her name to be pronounced correctly; and expects standards to be maintained; she is a very approachable moth. She mixes with others at all levels of the insect society.
Now believe it or not, Pearl Baker-Moth lives in a streetlamp. It's a streetlamp located above the road that runs close to the stream and leads on down to the village. Being a smallish village there is not much traffic on the road. On that basis Pearl is not bothered too much by any road noise from the cars that pass by below.
The streetlamp where Pearl lives is of the large fluorescent type; well at least it's large from an insect's perspective. It is as at the back of the fluorescent lamp; and looking out towards the stream; that Pearl Baker-Moth has a luxurious apartment. With the manner in which the streetlight has been constructed; it is such that Pearl's apartment has central heating, floor to ceiling windows, and a truly magnificent view looking out over the stream and beyond.
Pearl Baker-Moth is into the good things in life. This is things such as the chocolate cake that Louie is bringing her. She has also been known to partake in a glass or two of red wine in the evenings or on special occasions. As a point of interest; there is a gum tree right outside her apartment. This makes it easy for Pearl to make a cup of her favourite gum leaf tea at any time she so desires. 
Pearl Baker-Moth in being of royalty; and living in a street lamp apartment; does not have to worry about the mundane things of life such as power bills, rates, or water bills. Louie and his associates fly in most of her needs. On that basis; as far as Pearl is concerned; it's mainly a case of looking beautiful as any queen should and taking care of her subjects. Just as we shall come to learn; Pearl Baker-Moth does indeed look after the insect community and her subjects. In fact without her they wouldn't survive. 
The wonderful thing for Pearl Baker-Moth is that with her apartment being atop a lamp post; she can survey all of her Queendom from where she resides. It's from her apartment that Pearl Baker-Moth can see the village some distance away to the north. She can also see Louie's house and Mr McFarland's land. This is amongst trees and bush not far along the stream to the south. Then; it's further on to the south; and located on the west bank; that she can make out the home of Sir Cada and Lady Bird. Sir Cada and Lady Bird are what could be defined as being aristocratic acquaintances of Pearl's. 
It is about halfway between Pearl Baker-Moth's apartment and the village to the north that there is a streamside café. It's located right alongside the stream and surrounded by bush and ferns - quite delightful it is. It's a café that Louie and Pearl often frequent for meals. The café in question looks not unlike an upturned bird's nest; which in fact is exactly what it is but much larger. Some years ago a company called Sparrow Construction was engaged to build the café. Since its construction it has been a very popular meeting place for all the insects along the stream. The café because of its appearance is generally known as the Nest Café. 
The Nest Cafe is licensed so that one can relax with a wine or a beer while looking out over the placid waters of the stream. A range of meals that insects are partial to are on the menu. As a specialty, delicious spider eggs are served. These come poached, scrambled, over easy, sunny side up, sunny side down, and as omelettes. Of course it's at the café that they also keep adequate supplies of chocolate cake and red wine for you know who!
Now here is something of interest to mention. It's on top of the café that there is a clock. This is so that insects and other creatures know whether it is lunchtime or otherwise. A tick named Tock lives above the café with his family. This is in accommodation behind the clock. It is Tock's job to look after the time. Yes; Tock very cleverly sets the time by studying the moon. In fact Tock could be defined as being a lunar tick. Something of interest to mention is that it happens sometimes that the ticks; that is Tock's family; all go down to the café for lunch. It is then that there are no ticks remaining to operate the clock. On that basis the clock stops - just as any other clock would do when there are no ticks. However nobody minds this clock stopping business. It simply means more time to have lunch.
The area adjacent to the Nest Café is quite a little gathering point for insects and other creatures. Alongside the café is a supermarket. The supermarket is built of pine bark pieces. Amazingly enough, the supermarket has a post sticking up in the middle of it. It is on top of this post that there is a post office. This is strategically placed in an elevated position for the delivery and picking up of airmail. Airmail is the only type of mail service in the streamside insect world. 
Just as was mentioned earlier, the supermarket was built of pine bark pieces. It looks modern and trendy. However the company that built it; this was Fly by Night Ltd; had used untreated pine bark. On that basis it has to be said that here was another case of leaky building syndrome. Yes the insect community had its fair share of problems just like any other.
It also needs to be mentioned that alongside the supermarket; this is within the same building; that there is a medical centre and a travel centre. It's at the medical centre that the resident doctor is an Asian Paper Wasp by the name of Sum Ting Wong. Doctor Wong is a qualified beeknee-ologist. Although Dr Wong majored in bee's knees, he looks after all the insect's medical needs. It has to be said that Dr Wong is a very mild mannered insect. On that basis it is unlikely that he would ever lose his patients. Because Dr Wong really is such a nice insect; the insect community thinks he is the bee's knees.
In relation to the aforementioned travel centre, there is another important creature that happens to reside along the west bank of the stream. The creature we are referring to is a rather large and powerful blue dragonfly by the name of Virgil Blue. Virgil Blue provides air transport services for the insects. He owns and operates Virgil Blue Airlines. Virgil's services are used for importing and exporting goods from the area. This is together with carrying passengers as required. Virgil's airline premises; which could be defined as being an airport of sorts; are south of Louie's place. Virgil frequently calls into the Factory for cleaning and servicing.
The travel agent alongside the supermarket is known as the "Fright Centre'. It is here that the travel and booking arrangements for Virgil's airline are arranged. As we shall come to learn; Virgil's passengers travel on the outside of the aircraft rather than the inside. This possibly goes someway to explaining the name of the travel centre.
Virgil uses Pearl Baker-Moth's streetlight as a navigation aid if flying at night. He is properly registered as an air transport operator. On that basis he has ZK 10NANA painted in bold black letters on his fuselage. The Ten Ants at the Factory; this was using tyre black; carefully painted Virgil's registration number on for him. Nobody is quite sure why Virgil's registration number is 10NANA. Even so, it is believed that it is because he can carry up to ten passengers and that he is quite fond of his Nana.
Virgil Blue operates a fleet of twenty wasps. The wasps in effect serve as helicopters. This is as well as taxis for non-flying insects that need to be transported from place to place. Virgil also runs an airmail service to and from the post office as well as courier services.
It is on occasions that Louie uses Virgil Blue's services to give the Ten Ants a day away. Virgil at the modest cost of three dollops and fifty scents per hour will happily fly with the Ten Ants aboard to wherever Louie might direct. That is for such things as maybe a picnic. Picnics are something that the Ten Ants enjoy immensely.
Getting back to Pearl Baker-Moth; it was touched on earlier that she can see most things that are happening along the stream from her apartment. All the creatures along the west bank love and respect their monarch for her kindness, intelligence and understanding of the insect world. It makes them feel safe to know that she is watching over them. On the surface of it, it seems to be that the world in which Pearl Baker-Moth resides and rules is absolutely perfect and idyllic. Let's face it; there is no police force and no crime to speak of. Then the insects support one another and they are kind to each other. However, the appearance of being absolutely idyllic is not quite so. The reason for this is that to the east of Pearl Baker-Moth's apartment; this is across the stream from her apartment; is a valley. In fact the valley and its location could be defined as being the Middle East. The valley in question tends to be a little dark and mysterious. This is because a ridge shades it from the sun. 
It's in the middle of the aforementioned valley that there is an old barn. It is here that resides the dreaded Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang. This Middle Eastern area with Al Spider and the Valley Barn has been nothing but trouble for the western insect civilisation for many years. The Valley Barn gang led by Al Spider is a group of large ominous looking black spiders. All gang members are patched. The stick-on patches are made from cut-up band-aids stolen from Mr McFarland's bathroom first aid cabinet. 
As far as rumour has it; the patches in question were stolen by an elite division of spiders. Seemingly these spiders cleverly made a hole in Mr McFarland's bathroom wall. Having done so, they then gained access to the bathroom cabinet by sneaking along the underside of a bath rail fastened to the wall. This elite group had as a result become known as the "Bathrailies". They were appropriately attired with tea towels on their heads. The stolen patches were subsequently sinisterly stained with blackberry juices from blackberries growing wild in the valley. It was all very scary!
The underlying aim and agenda of Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang was to destroy the west; that is the west bank of the stream along which the insect community resided. Not to mention destroy respect for the insect's Queen and leader. That is Pearl Baker-Moth. 
We shall learn more about trouble in the Middle East as our story moves on.
****
Let's now get back to Louie. The time is now just after 9.00 a.m. Louie has finished relaxing on the Rhododendron Flower. He has been much refreshed by the delicious nectar that he has imbibed in. In now feeling invigorated and full of energy; Louie once again powers up his wings. Having done so, he gains altitude before flying off in the direction of Pearl Baker-Moth's apartment.
Louie on having arrived in the proximity of Pearl's street light apartment, circles above it a few times. In being a polite and caring bee he checks that Pearl is up and about before alighting at her front door. He can tell that Pearl is up and about by the fact that her curtains are drawn back. So it is that Louie armed with the chocolate cake lands and then knocks at Pearl's door. Having done so, he waits for a response. In answer to Louie's knocking; Pearl Baker-Moth calls out. 'Is that you Louie?'
'Yes it's me', Louie responds. 'I have brought you some chocolate cake'. 
Pearl who is indeed now up and about has been relaxing and reading in the sun. On hearing Louie she puts down her copy of Moth'ers Day. She then goes to let him in.
Pearl Baker-Moth is quite resplendent with her neatly folded feathery green wings. She has large appealing eyes that command immediate respect. Her exquisitely curled feelers and matching black eyelashes show a beauty not seen elsewhere in the insect world. Louie feels proud to be her friend - and to be a subject of her Queendom.
'Come in Louie', Pearl says on opening the door - and beaming Louie a smile.
'Hello Pearl; good to see you', Louie responds before giving Pearl an affectionate hug. Remember that these two have known each other for some time. There is a deeply ingrained platonic fondness that exists between the pair. 
Pearl thanks Louie for the chocolate cake. It's then that they make their way on through Pearl's lounge and out onto a sundeck. It's a sundeck that extends from Pearl's apartment on the side that faces the stream. Louie and Pearl then sit down at Pearl's barbecue table to discuss the day ahead.
Having sat down; Pearl enquires of Louie. 'How's the Factory going? What time do you have to be down there?'
'Not until about eleven I guess. Import has everything in hand until I get there. Even so I will give him a call on my smellphone in a minute just to check'.
Hmmm. "Smellphone"? What the hell is a smellphone the reader is no doubt asking? This amazing piece of technology will be elaborated upon with in the ensuing chapter. 

Chapter 2
Of Smellphones And Other Things

Yes; we need to digress here briefly to elaborate on exactly what a so called "smellphone" is. This amazing piece of technology was developed by a group of flies that live within the insect community. Flies of course are well known for their ability to smell anything from miles away. It was using this ability and technology that the smellphone was developed. It was developed so that data, voice, and text messages could be transmitted through the ether by what flies knew to be smell waves. Further development and sophistication subsequently brought about what was known as the "smellular" network for such transmissions. The insects in Pearl Baker-Moth's Queendom used these insect and bird only capable devices for communicating using voice, images, and texting messages. It should be noted that texting in the insect world could be extremely fast. That is in using all six legs at once.
The Company of young and clever flies that developed this amazing technology was known as Fly Odours Near You Ltd - or what was known simply as the FONY Corporation. This amazing company also developed Fly TV of which Pearl Baker-Moth had one. Louie joined her on occasions to watch sport; in particular bugby matches. Louie had an interest in this because one of the flies that worked at the Factory played Fly Half. We digress.
Getting back to Louie and Pearl; it's in answer to Pearl's question in relation to the Factory that Louie proceeds to enlighten her. He explains to her that they are quite busy at the moment. That is with spring coming on and the insects wanting to look their best. Louie went on to explain to Pearl. 'Today we have bookings for two butterflies, four bees, two large beetles, and a couple of cicadas. Sir Cada and Lady Bird are both booked in for a wax and polish tomorrow morning. From what I hear I believe they are going to the Moth Ball on Wednesday night - are you going this year Pearl?'
'No not this year Louie. Heads of State from other areas are flying in on Wednesday to discuss global warming issues. The agenda is to formulate what we might be obliged to contribute in the way of a carbon tax. It's a silly idea that has been picked up from the human world. I'm hoping to avoid it Louie. Even so, we may end up having to contribute some of the deposits in the Reserve Bank - which not unnaturally could be a sticky problem'.
Louie who didn't like what he was hearing one little bit; responded to Pearl by saying. 'This would be totally unacceptable! As far as I am concerned we use renewable energy sources. As a community we don't add to carbon dioxide levels. How can we pay the Ten Ants and other service providers if we have to waste dollops and scents on this nonsense?' 
Louie had become quite agitated to the extent that some of his yellow stripes had almost turned pink. Louie went on and on about the unfairness and unreasonableness in relation to the application of a carbon tax. Pearl was becoming a little concerned that Louie was becoming over agitated and might do himself a mischief. Accordingly she went to her larder to fetch Louie a drink of nectar - and a pill to swallow.
'What's on earth is that?' Louie exclaimed on catching sight of the pill.
'It's just a little something to calm you down Louie. It's not good for you to get so upset. I worry about you at times'.
Louie in having complete faith in Pearl took the nectar and swallowed the pill. Amazingly enough, he calmed down almost immediately! A much calmer Louie then said. 'Sorry Pearl. I didn't mean to lose it like that. It really upsets me when I don't believe this tax is necessary'.
It's appropriate to note here that Pearl Baker-Moth was an exceedingly intelligent and knowledgeable moth. It was not only that. It was in addition that she had studied health and vitamin supplements for many years. The pill she had given Louie was one of the B group vitamins - in fact Vitamin B Quiet!
It was to further reassure Louie that Pearl added. 'Louie I will do what I can at the meeting on Wednesday to avoid this tax. I am as much against it as you are; you know that. The important thing is don't worry about it'.
'Thanks Pearl. Just as a suggestion; how about we partake in some breakfast down at the Nest Cafe? That is before I head back to the Factory. It might help me take my mind off this carbon tax nonsense'.
'Good idea Louie', Pearl enthused. 'It might help me also to take my mind off the meeting on Wednesday. Just give me a moment to make myself ready'.
So it was that Louie waited patiently while Pearl made herself ready. This was as well to fill her handbag with an inordinate amount of stuff that Louie felt to be totally unnecessary. It was within ten minutes or so that they were off. 
Pearl and Louie on having left the apartment headed east to descend to the stream. Having done so, they then headed north at full speed while flying just above the stream surface. In flying so low, both had to be vigilant and keep an eye out for ducks landing on the water. It was a beautiful day. They both waved to some bees - bees that were busy amongst masses of wild flowers growing along the stream bank. They were making honey to deposit in the Reserve Bank. Life was good. The air was full of the fragrance of jasmine, freesias, and lilies that were growing wild amongst lush grass and bush. Yes; Louie in enjoying the magic of where he lived, soon forgot his worries in relation to the carbon tax.
Louie and Pearl both reduced power as they closed in on the café. Louie allowed Pearl to land first. She did so adroitly and with much skill in a soft muffled flutter. Louie on the other hand wasn't quite watching what he was doing. In spite of applying full reverse thrust, he landed alongside Pearl with a thump outside the Nest Café - hence the name bumblebee. On hearing the thump, the manager of the cafe rushed out to see what was happening. On confirming that all was well; Pearl and Louie were welcomed into the café.
It has to be said that inside the café it was quite noisy. The juke box was playing somewhat loudly. This was as a group of young fleas hip-hopped about to the music. No the music wasn't by the Beatles - that would be far too uncool. The music that was being played was by the popular group; this was within the insect world; known as "Pink noise and the Mother Flutters". Get it right man!
It was immediately on Pearl Baker-Moth having entered the café that a hush came over the place. It was as a mark of respect that the young fleas immediately lowered the volume of the music. Pearl acknowledged the respect shown by the fleas with a smile. This was together with a coy flutter of her eyelashes. Everyone within the insect community respected Pearl as their leader and Queen. An elderly fly that happened to be sitting at one of the tables looked relieved that the noise had ceased. Accordingly he got back to reading his Fly Paper in a degree of peace.
At this point the reader needs to be enlightened as to who the owner-managers of the Nest Café were. There were two to be exact. One was Basil who was a praying mantis. The other was his wife Sybil. Sybil was also a praying mantis. A fine couple they were. The food served was always delicious and of a high standard. As a part of the high standard of service; personbird waitresses could be seen scurrying about the place. This was serving patrons with meals or showing them to their tables as they arrived. These young creatures were dressed immaculately in uniforms cut from the petals of white lilies. It has to be said that they looked truly professional the way they were attired. For the uninitiated; "personbirds" is the politically correct term for ladybirds.
It was on arriving that Louie asked for his favourite table. It happened to be a table that was by the window overlooking the stream. Today Louie was in luck; the table he wanted was available. It was on this occasion that Basil led the way and showed Pearl and Louie to their seats.
It was on being seated that Louie and Pearl studied the menu briefly. They immediately opted for the spider egg omelette with gum leaf toast - and of course with a cup or two of Nest Café coffee. It was once Louie and Pearl were comfortably seated that it was Pearl who opened up the conversation. It was with a degree of seriousness that she said. 'Louie it has been very quiet in the Middle East recently. I hope Al Spider isn't up to anything sinister. I have noticed s greater number of his scout planes flying about the place recently. I can't help but wonder if he is planning an attack or something?'
For the sake of clarity it should be mentioned that Al Spider's scout planes were in fact part of a large squadron of mosquitoes. They were mosquitoes that flew about the place feeding information back to Al Spider about the west. In response to what Pearl had asked; Louie shrugged his wings and commented that he hadn't noticed anything in particular recently. Even so; in having been alerted by Pearl as to what her concerns were; he confirmed that he would keep an eye out for any suspicious activity. The worry for Louie was that Al Spider and the Valley Barn gang could raid the Reserve Bank. A number of attempts had been made in the past without success.
Pearl went on to say how she felt that Al Spider and the Valley Barn could become a problem of behemoth proportions. That is unless dealt to with vigilance and clear thinking. Louie didn't understand big words such as "behemoth". Even so he felt comfortable in the knowledge that the word contained both "bee" and "moth". On that basis it would be for sure that Pearl would want him involved in any problems that might arise. It made Louie; that is in being an unassuming sort of bee; feel wanted and important. 
Louie in feeling confidant that he sort of knew what "behemoth" meant then went on to say. 'Following breakfast Pearl, I'll make a point of calling into the Reserve Bank on the way to the Factory. With what you have just said it might be prudent to check that all is OK'.
So it was that Louie and Pearl continued to chat over breakfast. This was while relaxing and enjoying the view out over the stream. It was a rather pleasant view. It was immediately below them; this was at the stream edge; that they could see Duck Paddle Cruises in operation. Duck Paddle Cruises provided a means for insects to cruise; that is for a small fee in the form of dollops and scents; on the back of a duck. This was up and down the placid waters of the stream. It was at the point on the stream from where Duck Paddle Cruises operated that there was a specially constructed wharf. Louie and Pearl could see how down at the wharf there was a crowd of grasshoppers. They were getting ready to "hop" aboard the next cruise.
Located next door to the Nest Café; this was also close to the stream; was the supermarket that was referred to earlier. It was busy. Louie and Pearl could see all sorts of creatures belonging to their world coming and going. It was at regular intervals that Virgil's wasps could be seen flying to and from the post office. This was the post office atop the post that rose up from the middle of the supermarket building. Louie and Pearl both chuckled on seeing a slater outside the supermarket. The slater in question had a young pet sand hopper bouncing along behind him. This was not unnaturally on a jumper lead. Louie in looking out the window of the Nest Café couldn't help but reflect on what a wonderful peaceful scene it was. The sun was higher by this time. As a result the waters of the stream sparkled in the golden rays. With there being little wind the day had become warm. 
Louie in having reflected on what a wonderful world it was that he could see then picked up his smell phone. Having done so, he spoke again briefly to Import at the Factory. Louie advised Import that he would be calling into the Reserve Bank first and wouldn't be at the Factory until about 11.30a.m.
So it was that Louie and Pearl on having finished breakfast; and having discussed the day ahead; they paid Basil at the counter and headed on outside.
Louie waved goodbye to Pearl as she gently fluttered off back in the direction of her apartment. Louie then powered up his wings and lifted off. He then flew down the stream in the direction of the Reserve Bank. With the discussion that had taken place with Pearl over breakfast; Louie couldn't help but have some concerns in relation to Al Spider.
****
 The Reserve Bank where Louie was heading was situated close to the stream. This was on the west bank at a point where the stream widened. The Council Reserve land had been chosen as a site to build the bank because it was an area that remained relatively undisturbed. In addition; the fact that the stream was wide at this point it made the Bank less accessible to Al Spider and the Valley Barn gang. 
It was due to the isolation of the Reserve Bank that it was necessary for bank staff to be flown in and out every day. This was using Virgil Blue's air transport services. It should be mentioned that while on the subject of Virgil Blue that he also ran half hourly air taxi services up and down the stream. This was using his fleet of wasps. Such a service enabled non-flying insects to be able to call at the bank, visit friends, or meet at the Nest Café. 
While we are on the subject of the Reserve Bank, it's appropriate to mention that Sparrow Construction Ltd that built the Nest Café also built the Reserve Bank. This was some years earlier using locally sourced materials. The result was a fine looking building made from sun baked mud bricks. Sparrow Construction had subcontracted a lot of the work to White Ant Excavators Ltd. This particular company were experts in using local materials to make the fine looking building the Reserve Bank was. White Ant Excavators had; this was with security in mind; also created underground vaults where the dollops and scents were stored in large quantities. White ants were expert at this sort of thing.
Louie in being the responsible bee that he was; and as governor of the Reserve Bank; was always concerned about the level of the water in the stream. His concerns related to the fact that if the stream levels became raised too much; such as when it might flood following heavy rain; Louie would seriously have to consider floating the dollop. In floating the dollop there would then be a resulting dilution in value. On that basis the interest levels would naturally drop. Additionally, if the stream levels rose too much there could be some downstream effects on the whole western insect economy. It could just end up as a sticky mess. All things considered; Louie had a very responsible job as governor of the Reserve Bank. 
It was ultimately that Louie landed safely outside the bank. He did so on an allocated spot marked "Reserved - Governor". He then headed on inside. It has to be said that Sparrow Construction had fitted the bank out beautifully. This was with timber appropriately polished with beeswax. 
The bank employed a chief teller and three junior tellers. The chief teller was a middle aged bespectacled stick insect named Arnold. The tellers were money spiders. Arnold on having heard Louie arrive was hopping about getting the junior tellers out of the staff room. This was where they had been for nearly three quarters of an hour having morning tea.
It was by the time that Louie had entered the bank that the tellers were in their rightful places. On that basis, all looked well to Louie. The first thing that Louie did was to take Arnold into the governor's office. This was to be briefed on the status of the bank; not to mention discussing current interest rates and levels of deposits. It was as a part of conferring with Arnold that Louie mentioned his concerns about Al Spider. He asked that Arnold report back to him any sightings of Al Spider's scout planes. It was with what Louie had said that Arnold went a sort of blotchy green colour. In addition his feelers curled up with fright at the mention of Al Spider. Louie reassured Arnold that he was relatively safe from Al Spider. Even so, he asked him to be vigilant and let him know of anything suspicious. It has to be said that following meeting up with Pearl sometime earlier, Louie was a little worried about the situation.
It was having discussed things in Louie's office that Louie and Arnold then proceeded to the vaults to inspect the store of dollops and scents. Louie; this was it has to be said with a degree of relish; sampled a few of the dollops. This was just to ensure that interest levels were being maintained. Arnold reassured Louie that the oldest dollops and scents were being issued first. In addition; Arnold in being the contentious Teller that he was; made a mental note of what Louie had consumed. This was so that the Dollops that had in effect gone missing could be written of as management expenses. 
It was on feeling satisfied that all was well that Louie bid adieu to Arnold. He then headed out of the bank into the sunshine once more. This was in readiness to fly on to the Factory. Louie's thoughts about getting to the Factory were interrupted by a high-pitched whining noise. He looked up. There were two mosquitoes circling overhead. They were two of Al Spider's scouts. The mosquitoes on seeing Louie, immediately disappeared to the east.
'Oh dear', Louie muttered to himself with some concern. 'Something is up'.
In trying not to be concerned about what he had seen; Louie diverted his mind back to the business in hand. Having done so, he powered up his wings and took off for the Factory. Instead of flying at stream level as he normally did, Louie opened the throttle and ran his wings up to about 2,500 r.p.m. At this rate he climbed rapidly to a height of about 50,000 feet. To put this into perspective, it should be remembered that insects have relatively small feet. On that basis the height that Louie had climbed to was about the height of two lamp posts.
It was when Louie had climbed to 50,000 feet that he looked across to the Middle East. As far as he could tell nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary. There was no sign of the mosquitoes he had seen when he had emerged form the bank. Yes; all looked to be quiet where the Valley Barn gang resided. 
It was on having taken a good look to the east that Louie then descended from where he was. He did so in wide circles above the stream. He was exhilarated by the wind in his face; not to mention the speed of descent as he moved from circling to a power dive. Louie felt happy to such an extent that he re-climbed to 50,000 feet and did it all over again. Al Spider and the Valley Barn were soon forgotten.
It was on arriving at the Factory that Louie flew in through a portal that was the entrance. Actually the so called "portal" could be better described as a hole in the side of Mr McFarland's shed roof. It was a hole that led directly into the loft. The Factory itself was to the far side of the loft. In fact it was located within a large empty packing case that had been in the loft for many years. The packing case itself was some distance away from the so called portal. Such an arrangement meant that there was adequate space for Louie's clients to come through the portal and land in safety. 
It was on arrival in the so called landing area that Louie stopped to catch his breath. Having folded his wings he walked up to what was the actual entrance to the Factory. This so called entrance happened to be a conveniently located knot hole in the side of the aforementioned packing case. Louie on having moved on inside the Factory could see that the Ten Ants were hard at work. They were hard at work in what was a designated cleaning area. Within the area was a large black beetle. The beetle in question had had tyre black applied and was now being waxed and polished ready to be finished within a matter of ten minutes or so.
The beetle that has been referred to was an off the road type; that is six wheel drive. It had been doing some carrying work for White Ant Excavators Ltd. On that basis it had arrived; this was while being carried by two of Virgil's wasps; in quite a dirty state. Import came over to Louie to inform him as to how things were progressing. It was then that Louie; this was in being the good manager that he was; proceeded to the waiting room. This was to explain to the customers waiting there that they wouldn't have to wait that much longer. The beetle was just about finished.
The waiting customers were happy enough anyway. This was because Louie had had the foresight to have Fly TV installed in the waiting room. Right then there was a rather exciting match of bugby football being played. 
It was on having checked in at the waiting room that Louie then went back to where the Ten Ants were still working. This was putting finishing touches on the beetle. Louie on having inspected the work couldn't help but admire the job the ten ants had done. On that basis Louie conveyed his admiration to Import.
Louie in feeling satisfied that all was well in the Factory then headed to his office. In being Monday it was necessary to check the Ten Ants' time sheets. This was from the preceding week. Import had placed the time sheets on Louie's desk for him to check. Louie would always check things thoroughly before phoning Arnold at the bank. This was for the arranging for the delivery of dollops and scents on Thursdays; that is payday.
So it was that Louie carefully scanned the time sheets. Are yes; just as had often happened on previous occasions; Ignor had put his times in the dollops column. Then to top it off; Expect had claimed sixty hours. This was impossible because the Ten Ants only worked forty hours maximum. Oh dear. What to do. 
On noting the errors; Louie cursed under his breath and uttered a bee word. However rather than stopping the ants now when things were running to a tight schedule; Louie felt it to be prudent to correct things himself. As far as he was concerned he could talk to those involved later.
So it was with the now corrected time sheets in front of him that Louie picked up his smellphone. This was in readiness to talk to Arnold at the bank. It was on having phoned Arnold this particular day that the conversation went something like this. It was interesting to say the least. 
'Hello is that you Arnold?' Louie had inquired in a business like voice.
'What?' the voice at the other end responded. 
'Is that the Reserve Bank?' Louie then enquired. He was by this time wondering who on earth it was that had answered the phone at the Reserve Bank!
'Reserve what!?' the voice at the other end had said.
'The Reserve Bank!' Louie had shouted having become somewhat irritated by this time.
'Who deserves thanks?' The voice at the other end had then responded.
'Is that the RESERVE BANK?' Louie had then yelled into the phone.
It was then that there was a pause at the other end of the phone. This was before Louie heard someone mutter something to someone else. By what Louie could make out; what had been said was 'There's some guy on the phone selling tanks!'
It was in response to what he had heard that Louie just about exploded with frustration. With such frustration he was about to launch forth with a tirade of never before heard bee words. He didn't because another more authoritative voice came on at the other end and said. 'Hello this is the home for deaf centipedes. Can I help you?'
Louie hung up the phone immediately and cursed to himself. It was then that he muttered to himself. 'These smell phones are not what they are cracked up to be!'
Louie being a bee of reasonable intelligence then realised what had happened. He had forgotten to open a window. With no windows open, a smellphone could be affected by any odours that might be in the room. On that basis, calls made could end up anywhere!
It's appropriate to mention at this juncture that Louie's office computer was similar to his smellphone. This was in that it used 'windows'; that is open ones in particular; to operate. Open windows were needed to connect to the Internet via the smellular network. Louie's computer was a FlyBM; that is a Fly made Bee Model operating via windows. 
Louie in realising what he had done in relation to phoning Arnold then opened the window. Yea - success! Yes; Louie managed to get through to Arnold at the bank. All was set in place. Arnold would have the Ten Ants' pay ready and waiting for Virgil Blue Courier Services to pick up. This is as well as deliver on Thursday morning. Arnold requested that Louie send a beemail confirming this. It was subsequently that Louie got onto his PC and sent the requested beemail off to Arnold.
Just as a matter of interest; it's prudent to mention that the insect world didn't have laptops as such. Even so; FONY had developed small computers that sat neatly in the gap between an insect's thorax and abdomen. In the insect world these had become known for convenience sake as "gaptops". Louie had one of these and often took work home at night if the pressure was on.
So it was that Louie spent the remainder of the afternoon in his office on his PC. In particular this was to do the spread sheeting of the previous week's production. This was once again from information that Import had given him. Things were looking quite good in being spring. That is following a quiet period over the preceding winter months. 
It was just before five o'clock; that is late afternoon; that the Ten Ants were packing up to go home. They were about to head down to their accommodation in the floor of the shed. Louie would as always remain and lock up after everyone had gone. It would then be time for him to fly home along the stream.
It was before leaving the Factory that Louie had wandered over to the production area. This was to take a look at forward bookings that Import had put up on a chart on the wall. Louie was very happy with how things were panning out. Business was good. It looked like being a good summer season.
So it was that Louie shut the window in his office. He then closed the door before heading to the portal in the roof of Mr McFarland's shed. Louie smiled to himself. He did so because he could hear Mr McFarland; this was some distance away; mowing his lawn. As a result there was a delicious smell of cut grass and onion weed wafting past the shed. It was accordingly that Louie thought to himself how such aromas were the wonderful smells of spring. .
It would be sometimes after work in the evening that Louie would call up to Pearl Baker-Moth's place. This was to join her for an evening meal. However it was not to be this particular night. For one thing Louie felt a little tired. It had been a busy day. Then he knew it to be that Pearl was busy working on important stuff for the global warming summit on the Wednesday.
So it was that Louie launched himself into the by now cool evening air. It was somewhat lazily that he descended with wings running at idle speed to stream level. It was then before heading home that Louie flew upstream past Sir Cada and Lady Bird's place. He could see how they were sitting out on their sundeck having evening drinks. They waved to Louie as he sped on past.
Louie loved to fly just above the stream surface at speed. It was an exhilarating experience for a bee. It was at a wide section of the stream; this was someway past Sir Cada and Lady Bird's place; that Louie did a U-turn. Having done so, he sped off back downstream to his home. This was to where his little house resided amongst ferns, lush grass, and wild flowers on the stream bank.
It was on having arrived home that before heading inside, Louie went around to the back of his house. This was to gather a few dry twigs. Louie had a wood stove that he used for heating and cooking. On having carefully placed some fly paper within the stove; Louie then loaded the twigs. Above the stove on a conveniently placed shelf was a jar of Beehive matches. Louie reached for these and lit the fly paper. Louie's stove was of a type that was open at the front. On that basis it meant that soon there was a yellow glow from flames lighting up the interior of Louie's home. The flickering light from the stove seemed to cast magic and dancing shadows across the room; not to mention what was an exposed beam ceiling. 
Louie's home was clean and tidy. The stove was situated in the lounge. However for convenience in relation to cooking it was adjacent to an opening into the kitchen. Louie's kitchen was of the old fashioned type where there were pots and pans hanging from the ceiling. 
Getting back to Louie's lounge; it was here that shelves of interesting looking bee books could be seen in the flickering light of the stove. It should be mentioned that when Louie was a young bee, he had belonged to the local Bee Scouts. It was back at the time that he had gained a woodcraft badge with first class honours. Yes Louie was indeed a clever bee in relation to wood crafting stuff. In relation to this it should also be mentioned that surrounding Louie's house there was a prolificacy of ferns. Louie had used his wood crafting skills to make some rather nice "fern-iture and fern-ishings".
In relation to Louie's evening meal, he generally liked to have an aperitif first. To this end he had taken some honeysuckle nectar and mixed in a spoonful or two of honey. Normal procedure was to allow the concoction to ferment over a few days - thus making a delicious sort of mead. 
In being time to relax; Louie sat down in his favourite chair. It was of course an armchair expertly made from ferns. It was here that he sipped his mead. While doing so, he felt relaxed and satisfied. A shadow of Louie sitting in his chair danced on the wall behind him. This was from the light of the flickering flames in the stove. There was a light almost incense fragrance in the air. This was from wisps of smoke that had escaped from the burning twigs in Louie's stove.
For today we will leave Louie sitting in his favourite chair in front of his stove. Shortly he will cook a meal - possibly honey fritters. It will be following tea that he will inevitably doze in front of the stove until the flames finally die. Then it will be time to head of to bed to be ready for another day. 

Chapter 3
Al Spider Is On The Move.

It is at this part of our story; this is before moving on to what is a major happening; that we need to talk a little more of Pearl Baker-Moth. In being the Queen of the insects she had taken it upon herself to provide protection and security for the community. This was to the very best of her ability. On that basis it was a number of years earlier that Pearl had set up a secret and elite organisation called the K.G.B. The aim of the organisation was to know about things before they ever got out of hand. That is before they became a threat to the residents of her Queendom. K.G.B. was an acronym for Knowledge Gained Beforehand.
To operate effectively, the K.G.B. had to be totally secret. In fact none of the insects along the stream; this included Louie; knew of its existence. For effective operation it was the way it had to be. The main threat to the area was of course Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang. Not even Al Spider knew of the existence of the K.G.B.
When Pearl Baker-Moth had originally set up the K.G.B, the requirements were for a team of tough, emotionally detached insects that were fast on land and in the air. It was essential that this elite squad have perfect eyesight and hearing. The wearing of glasses, contact lenses, or hearing aids was out of the question. In addition those involved were to have no friends or associates within the insect community along the stream. The K.G.B. was set up as a discrete undercover operation. 
It was in order to set up such an organisation that Pearl needed several secret locations away from the stream. This was locations set up as operational centres. Such an arrangement meant that the K.G.B. could be run with military precision together with a military style administration; well something like that.
As luck would have it; it was along the road to the village; this was the road that ran for a short distance parallel to the stream; that the village telecommunications company had installed fibre optic cabinets. This was for the supply of telephone services to the likes of Mr McFarland and others. 
There were four of these fibre optic cabinets that were in place along the aforementioned piece of road. They were all within view of Pearl Baker-Moth's street lamp apartment. There were two to the north and two to the south of where Pearl lived. It was because these cabinets had electronic stuff operating inside them that they were warm and dry. They were unquestionably ideal for the setting up of K.G.B. operational centres. 
To elaborate further; it was at each of the four cabinet locations that Pearl Baker-Moth had commissioned a large black beetle. These beetles remained onsite at all times. This was in the main for administration and reporting functions. For security reasons the beetle administrators were known simply as Granddad, Aunty, Uncle, and Cousin. Pearl had chosen such names for good reason. It meant that if ever she was overheard referring to those involved; such as on her smellphone; it could be explained away as being innocent family stuff.  It was in turn that Pearl was simply referred to; this was by the beetles; as "M" - presumably for "moth". The beetles as far as this sophisticated operation was concerned were in essence Pearl's Cabinet Ministers.
It was under instruction from Pearl Baker-Moth that Granddad, Aunty, Uncle, and Cousin had employed the elite force of insects that we referred to a moment ago. To this end; it was located at each cabinet; and reporting directly to each Cabinet Minister; that there was a team of highly trained flies. Each of the four teams was made up of one senior bluebottle and five highly trained house flies. That is a Bluetenant and five Flight Sergeants. 
The flies in question were not just ordinary houseflies. No; they were smart and well educated. All of them had graduated from kindergarten and gone on to higher education at Fly School. Even so; it was as Pearl had pointed out to her Cabinet Ministers; in selecting the right candidates; intelligence was not the number one priority. This was because the operation involved intelligence gathering; not intelligence using. The resulting elite group of flies had been brought in from outside the area. They fitted the criteria to be mercenary, fast in the air, fast on land, and possess perfect eyesight and hearing.
In order to maintain security for the streamside insect community; it was under Pearl Baker-Moth's instructions that the K.G.B. ran foot patrols. This was on a daily basis along the stream banks. Such patrols were done out of sight amongst the undergrowth to watch out for any signs of Al Spider. 
It was in addition that a couple of Flight Sergeants were discretely stationed on the ridge up behind where Al Spider and the Valley Barn were situated. This was to watch out for any activity. It was at night that at least one Bluetenant would be airborne. This was to watch out over the sleeping streamside community.
It has to be said that for most of the time; all was peaceful within the insect world. Activities along the stream carried on from day to day as per normal. That is until a time when we now move on to one grey overcast day towards the end of summer. The time in question was about 9.00 a.m. Pearl Baker-Moth happened to be relaxing at home in her street lamp apartment when her smellphone rang. It was Granddad reporting in from the northern most cabinet. The call went something like this. 'Hello M; Granddad reporting in. I don't wish to worry you but I am afraid it looks serious'.
'Go on', Pearl had responded.
'It's like this', Granddad continued. 'Al Spider and two hundred or more of his gang members are on the move. This is along the west bank a short distance along from the village. It appears they have crossed the village bridge during the night. I presume that they are heading for the Reserve Bank'.
In response to what Granddad had said; Pearl paused and thought for a moment. There had been the odd occasion when Al Spider and some of his gang members had been on the west side; however it was not in the numbers that Granddad was indicating.
Pearl on having gathered her thoughts then responded to Granddad. 'Thanks Granddad for advising me of the situation. If they are heading for the Reserve Bank, any estimate of how long they will take to get there?'
'At the present rate we estimate less than 24 hours. I would say tomorrow morning at something like 6.00 a.m.'.
Pearl thanked Granddad for the information. She asked him to keep her posted. This was as well as to advise Aunty, Uncle, and Cousin of the situation. It was then that Pearl immediately phoned Louie who was busy at the Factory. She asked him to come to her apartment as soon as possible.
Louie took about five minutes to join Pearl. This gave Pearl a chance to think about the situation and how it might be dealt with. Pearl reflected to herself how prudent it had been to put in place her Cabinet Ministers; and Intelligence gathering services. Doing so had given her some warning and time to think and react. It was just what the acronym K.G.B. stood for.
Loveable Louie on having arrived at Pearl's place was hoping it was something special for morning tea. These hopes were however dashed by the look he could see on Pearl's face. The fact that her feelers were standing straight up meant something was up apart from her two feelers.
'What is it Pearl?' Louie had inquired somewhat tentatively.
'A bit of disturbing news Louie'. Pearl went on to say. 'Al Spider and about two hundred of his gang are on the move along the western side of the stream. It is believed they are heading for the Reserve Bank. Apparently they came over the bridge at the village during the night'.
'Oh no! Two hundred!' Louie exclaimed. 'The Reserve Bank is full of deposits from the summer season. We have to do something to stop this guy!'
Louie hesitated for a moment. He had done so because he felt slightly guilty. This was in that his first consideration had been for the dollops and scents. In reality the most important consideration should have been that Arnold and the tellers were at the bank. They were totally unaware of the situation.
Pearl pre-empted Louie's thoughts. She then proceeded to say. 'Louie you are going to have to advise Arnold and the tellers of the situation and get them out of there. First of all I suggest we get on the phone to Virgil. My thoughts are that he despatch some of his wasps to pick Arnold and the tellers up. They could then be taken to say the safety of the Factory. At the Factory we can then explain the situation'.
Pearl paused for a moment before saying. 'Tell you what Louie; you phone Arnold while I get on to Virgil right away'.
Louie did as Pearl had suggested. He advised Arnold to be ready with the tellers. That is to be picked up by Virgil's wasps within the next fifteen minutes. Louie also advised Arnold that he couldn't say over the phone why they were being picked up. He also advised Arnold that he was not to worry and that all would be revealed at the Factory later. Louie added; this was to ease the situation; that there was some chocolate cake and nectar in his office at the Factory. They were to help themselves when they arrived.
It was on having talked to Arnold that Louie then phoned Import at the Factory. This was to advise that Arnold and the tellers would be arriving in the next half hour. Louie asked that they be made welcome. He also mentioned the issue of nectar and chocolate cake.
It was while Louie had been on the phone that Pearl had spoken to Virgil. He had accordingly dispatched a sufficient number of wasps to pick up Arnold and the bank staff.  Pearl remained relatively calm and collected. She realised the situation was serious. Something that made it serious was that they still had to think of a way to prevent Al Spider from reaching the bank. Louie was nervous. His wings were trembling a little at times. It was on that basis that Pearl went to her larder. She retuned with a couple of glasses of honeysuckle nectar. This was together with one of her B Vitamins for Louie. This time it was Vitamin B Calm.
It was then that Pearl said. 'Louie come and sit down for a moment and enjoy our nectar. We have done all we can for now. It's essential that we deal with just one thing at a time. I suggest the next thing we do is to give consideration as to how we stop Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang from gaining access to the Reserve Bank'.
It was while Pearl and Louie were sitting down in a semi relaxed state that Pearl's smellphone rang. It was Virgil Blue.
'Just a moment Virgil', Pearl had said. 'I have got Louie with me. I'll just switch over to speaker phone'.
It was having attended to her phone that Pearl then said. 'Go ahead Virgil'.
Virgil responded immediately. His voice reflected a degree of concern when he said. 'Hi Pearl and Louie. I have a bit of a problem. My wasps have arrived at the bank; in fact they are overhead right at this moment. Unfortunately they can't land. This is because there are at least a hundred of Al Spider's mosquitoes blocking the entrance to the bank'.
Pearl's feelers that had for the interim gone down; stood straight up again. Pearl thought for a moment before then responding. 'Thanks Virgil. Bring the wasps back. We will have to give consideration to another option. Over and out'.
'Wilco', Virgil responded.
Pearl and Louie sat in silence for a moment. Louie was really worried. Pearl returned to being calm and collected. On that basis her feelers went down again.
'Louie', Pearl said at length. 'We have two main issues here. The first is the safety of the staff at the bank. The second is that of Al Spider coming south along the stream. First of all Louie; phone Arnold back. When you have made contact with him; get him to barricade themselves in. Explain the situation but don't frighten him. We have fortune on our side in that the mosquitoes don't have the capability to break into the bank. They are just a means of stalling any rescue efforts by us. On that basis the staff will be completely safe for the meantime. Explain to Arnold that we are handling the situation and not to worry. We will work through this somehow'.
Louie felt better with the reassurance from Pearl. He phoned Arnold.
It was while Louie was phoning Arnold that Pearl phoned Virgil again. She asked for a meeting with him at his premises. In fact she requested a meeting at the hangar where he operated his air services from. Pearl wanted to discuss an idea she had.
It was when Louie was off the phone that Pearl mentioned with some urgency. 'Louie I have just phoned Virgil and asked for a meeting at his hangar. I'll tell you about when we get there. Let's go'. 
So it was that Pearl and Louie flew off at top speed to Virgil's premises. It was on arrival that he was waiting somewhat expectantly in the hangar for them.
'Hi Pearl and Louie', Virgil had said. 'Come in and sit down in my office. Let's hear this idea of yours Pearl'.
So it was that Pearl reiterated the two issues that were uppermost in her mind. One of course was the safety of the staff at the Reserve Bank. The other was to slow the progress of Al Spider and his troops moving along the west bank of the stream from the village. 
'My suggestion is this'. Pearl ventured to say with much calmness and authority. 'In order to deal with the staff trapped at the bank; it's in Mr McFarland's bathroom cabinet that there is some mosquito repellent. What I suggest we do is this. Louie could you organise it with the Ten Ants to bring repellent out from Mr McFarland's bathroom; that is in small quantities at a time; across to Virgil's hangar here. What I suggest is that when we have a sufficient amount; could you arrange to airlift it Virgil and drop it on the mosquitoes outside the bank'.
'Hmmm; I have to say that that's not a bad idea Pearl', Virgil confirmed. 'I can certainly arrange to "top-dress" the mosquitoes if you can get the stuff to me Louie. The best time to carryout the so called "top-dressing" would be early in the morning. That is when it's barely light and the mosquitoes are on the ground. It would be difficult to do it while they are flying'.
Louie chipped in with a degree of concern he had. 'This would be too late Virgil, Al Spider will be there by early morning and all will be lost'.
Pearl then reassured Louie. 'Louie this is where the second part of my idea comes in. We need to slow down the progress of Al Spider. Virgil it's on Mr McFarland's driveway that there are thousands of small stones. Would it be feasible for a team of your wasps to fetch some of these stones and fly with them? They could then be strategically dropped on Al Spider and the gang as they make their way along the stream. Such bombardment would be diversionary and slow them down. In delaying their progress it should then give us a window of opportunity to drop the mosquito repellent in the morning'.
'Yes I believe that would be quite feasible', Virgil confirmed. 'Just one thing though, I would be a bit concerned about taking all the wasps off taxi and courier services for the remainder of the day. Any suggestions as to how we keep serving the community? That is without leaving them unexpectedly stranded?'
'Yes I thought about that Virgil. What I will do is to make contact with the members of our community. I'll advise them of the situation. What I will do is put a message over Fly TV. All at the Nest Café will see it. Then as far as I can I will personally advise others that all air transport will be reduced for twenty-four hours. That is to say a skeleton service of two wasps. Would that be okay Virgil?'
'Sounds OK to me Pearl', Virgil agreed. 'How about your side of things Louie? Would the Ten Ants be willing to bring out the mosquito repellent?'
Louie seeing that there was a positive path of action ahead responded. 'Yes I believe that the Ten Ants would welcome a change from their routine work. That is if I reward them suitably'.
It was having thought about it for a moment that Louie went on to say 'Virgil If we could arrange a day away for the Ten Ants; that is with your air services when all this is over; I would have no bother getting the Ten Ants behind us on this one'.
'Done', Virgil confirmed. 'We will all look forward to having a day away to celebrate when we get through this!'
 So it was that the three in attendance at the meeting, once again went over the action to be taken. The plan for Louie was to immediately arrange for the Ten Ants to start bringing the mosquito repellent to Virgil's hangar. Virgil was to arrange for his wasps to start pelting Al Spider and his gang with stones from Mr McFarland's driveway. Then it was by the end of the day that Virgil was to have mosquito repellent ready for takeoff and dispatch at dawn. Then as far as Pearl was concerned; she was to immediately get on to advising the insect community of the situation as well as reduced air services.
 With the meeting having come to a conclusion; both Virgil and Louie congratulated Pearl on her splendid idea. Pearl smiled in response.  'Thanks you two', she had said. 'It's so good to have you helping me like this'. 
So it was with plans in place that the three had agreed to keep in contact on a regular basis for the interim. The plan was to then meet up again at 4p.m. at Virgil's hangar. This was to report on progress.
So it was that within half an hour; the Ten Ants were on the job of transporting the mosquito repellent. It was quite a tedious job. This was because there was a reasonable distance between Mr McFarland's bathroom cabinet and Virgil Blue's hangar. Time wise the job was likely take the Ten Ants the remainder of the day. 
It was to make things easier for the Ten Ants that Virgil had cleverly arranged for empty courier packs to be strapped to the little creatures. This was to carry the mosquito repellent. These courier packs were in turn emptied into larger courier packs at Virgil's hangar. That is ready for dispatch early the following morning.
Virgil as part of the plan recalled eighteen of his fleet of twenty wasps. The wasps were excited at the prospect of the job in hand. Virgil warned the wasps to be vigilant in picking up the stones from Mr McFarland's driveway. Mr McFarland wasn't that fussed on having wasps in his garden. However; it appeared as though luck was on the insect's side. Mr McFarland had in fact headed to the village for the day to do his weekly shopping.
We now move on to late morning on this crucial day. This was subsequent to the meeting at the hangar and getting things organised. It was by this time that Pearl Baker-Moth was back in her apartment. She was standing at the window surveying the scene below. It was somewhat frequently that she could see Virgil's wasps flying past. That is carrying stones and disappearing in the direction of the village. Looking south from her apartment she could see the Ten Ants marching in line. This was with courier packs strapped to their little bodies. That is courier packs full of mosquito repellent. So far so good!
It was in spite of things seemingly going to plan that Pearl Baker-Moth was still somewhat apprehensive. There was still the issue of Al Spider and the gang eventually arriving at the bank and stealing the dollops and scents. The dollops and scents stored in the Reserve Bank were essential to keep the western insect economy going through the coming winter months. It was of serious concern to Pearl that if Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang got hold of the dollops and scents; they could end up as being toxic assets. If that happened it would throw the whole western insect economy into depression. Yes; something had to be done.
Pearl on having done some serious thinking about the situation had an idea. Accordingly she opened up her gaptop and opened a window. She was then onto the Internet.
Pearl who was often on the Internet; this was particularly on Twitter looking for things going "cheep"; immediately sent out a tweet. What the tweet said was "Free spider meal"! It was then because birds are really into twittering that Pearl had an immediate response from a starling. The response simply stated 'Where?'
Pearl in being excited at the quick response then carried on tweeting with the starling for the next 15 minutes. This was to explain the situation that she had in mind. In summary; it was following much tweeting that Pearl had arranged for up to two hundred starlings to be perched on Mr McFarland's shed roof at seven-thirty in the morning. Pearl had explained to the starling where the Reserve Bank was. The whole idea was that Pearl would contact the chief starling on his smell phone. This was when Al Spider and the gang were in the open outside the Reserve Bank. It would be finally on Pearl's command that the starlings would then fly en masse to attack the spiders. To put it succinctly; this was to gobble them up.
The starling Pearl was tweeting with was very sympathetic to the cause. This was as well as being very cooperative. Pearl couldn't help but think to herself, "What a darling starling".
It was on having sorted out the starlings that Pearl then made some notes for the meeting scheduled for 4.00p.m. This was the meeting with Virgil and Louie down at the hangar. The next job was for her to communicate with her Cabinet Ministers and keep them informed of what was going on. It was essential for the Bluetenants to keep the flight sergeants out of the area during the starling attack the following morning. In fact Pearl had declared the area between Mr McFarland's shed roof and the Reserve Bank to be a "No Fly Zone". Yes it was appropriate for Pearl to do so because starlings quite liked to eat flies as well as spiders.
So it was in Pearl having informed her Cabinet Ministers of the situation; there wasn't much for her to do until the meeting in Virgil's hangar. On that basis she relaxed and waited.
****
Just as had been arranged; it was at 4.00 p.m. that Louie and Pearl met up with Virgil at his hangar. The Ten Ants; the wonderful little creatures that they were; had worked hard. They had already finished the job by this time. Because of their Stirling effort; Louie had let them have the remainder of the day off. On that basis they had headed back to their home beneath Mr McFarland's shed.  This was apart from Import who had remained with Louie. Import had remained for the meeting just in case there might be some further involvement for the Ten Ants. 
Virgil opened the meeting and reported on his involvement. It was in the sort of authoritative voice that a dragonfly would use that he said. 'I'm pleased to report that the wasps have done a reasonable job in slowing the progress of Al Spider. A significant number of the gang are now stoned and have headaches. Many of the spiders have taken shelter under rocks. I would estimate that we have slowed their progress by about two hours. This means Al Spider and the gang will be due outside the Reserve Bank about 8.00 a.m'.
Pearl and Louie congratulated Virgil and clapped on hearing the good news. Virgil responded by saying 'Aw shucks folks it was nothing'. This was before carrying on to say. 'What I propose to do in the morning is to run the top dressing operation at first light. For the sake of clarity we will make it at precisely 6.00 a.m. Louie I will need the Ten Ants onboard to make the drop. I'm pleased to report that the mosquito repellent the Ten Ants have brought from Mr McFarland's bathroom has filled ten large courier bags. The intention is to have these strapped to my fuselage. With the Ten Ants onboard each ant is to release the packs on a signal from me'.
Louie responded to what Virgil had said by saying. 'Yes that will be fine Virgil'. Louie then turned to address Import. 'Import I'll leave it with you to arrange for yourself together with the other nine ants to be here at 5.00 a.m. It will give us an hour for briefing and instructions before boarding'.
Import was truly excited about the whole deal. It was having checked with Louie that he didn't want him for anything more that he ran off as fast as an ant can go. That is without getting his legs in a knot. Quite frankly he couldn't wait to tell the other nine ants'.
'Excellent', Virgil said at length on having marvelled at Import's enthusiasm. 'With such a good team we are sure to be successful. When we fly in and wipe out the mosquitoes; I will have ten wasps follow immediately to pickup Arnold and the tellers. The question remaining is what we do with Al Spider and the gang once they arrive at the bank. Shall we continue dropping stones on them?'
Pearl who had been quiet up until this point in time then explained what she had arranged with the starlings. Virgil and Louie were very impressed with Pearl's brilliant idea. 
'That is just fantastic!' Louie and Virgil confirmed. 'Brilliant Pearl'.
Pearl then went on to say. 'Virgil; once the mosquito repellent drop has been made; and the bank staff have been lifted out; could you continue to circle over the Reserve Bank. To set in motion my plan with the starlings; I need you to advise me by phone when Al Spider and the Gang arrive at the bank'.
'No problem Pearl. Your wish is my command'.
'Thanks Virgil. Once you have advised me that Al Spider and the Gang are in place could you discreetly vacate the area and return to the hangar. I want everyone out of the area between Mr McFarland's shed roof and the Reserve Bank. This is so the starlings can do their job'.
'Yes; no problem Pearl. I will make sure that there are no flights operating in the area'.
****
So it was that the plan was in place. Everything was set for the morning. Louie and Pearl thanked Virgil for his marvellous efforts. It had been agreed by all to assemble at 5.00 a.m. at Virgil's Hangar the following day. Of course the Ten Ants would be there too.
With everything set in place; Louie and Pearl headed back up the stream. This was as the afternoon turned to evening. 
'Louie; let's go to the Nest Café for tea', Pearl suggested.
'Great idea', Louie confirmed.
It was on that basis that the two insects flew down the stream and on to the Nest Café. Pearl was looking forward to relaxing with some red wine after such a tense day.
It was later; quite a bit later in fact; that following a truly enjoyable meal the pair headed back to their respective homes. This was in the light of a full moon. Both were ready to take on what ever lay ahead the following day.

Chapter 4
Al Spider Arrives At The Reserve Bank.

Louie was up at a little before 4.00 a.m for the big day. On taking a look out his bedroom window he could see myriads of stars overhead in a cloudless sky. There was no wind to speak of. Low in the sky to the west was the full moon. With the moonlight shining on the surrounding bush and trees it was quite a beautiful scene to behold. Not that Louie really noticed the beauty of what he could see; he was simply pleased that it was fine and not raining. Truth be known; he was a little apprehensive about what would unfold over the ensuing day. Louie soon pushed these negative thoughts out of his mind on thinking of his leader and Queen. After all; Pearl Baker-Moth would handle whatever difficulties that might be faced. She was that sort of Queen. She always knew what to do in a crisis.
In feeling a little more positive; Louie stretched his wings and legs. It was then that he headed to the bathroom to brush his body and wash his teeth. Seemingly this is what bees do. Having dressed himself, he then lit the stove to make his breakfast. Because time was limited he somewhat hurriedly made some over easy spider eggs. He accompanied this with some gum leaf toast washed down with some of his favourite tea. Louie's favourite tea was a special blend of tussock grass tips. It was a tea that he had purchased at the super market. In being made of tussock grass tips it was known simply as TG Tips.
It was while sitting having his breakfast that he glanced through the kitchen window. Some distance away he could see the streetlight where Pearl lived. It was shining brightly in the darkness of the early morning. On seeing the streetlight he wondered what Pearl was doing.
It happened to be at that moment that Pearl Baker-Moth was up and about preening herself. This was ready for the day ahead. Pearl had decided to skip breakfast. There was much on her mind. Besides she felt the preening bit was more important. As far as Pearl was concerned it was a case of if she looked good she felt good. In fact it made her feel invincible.
Pearl made a point of phoning each of her Cabinet Ministers. On doing so, she reminded them of their responsibilities for the day ahead. Granddad reported that Al Spider was making progress as expected. Pearl on receipt of the information then sent a tweet to the starlings. In effect, what she had said was that all was happening as scheduled; and to be on Mr McFarland's roof at the agreed time. Yes; all was well there.  
In having a few minutes to herself; Pearl summed up in her mind the chain of events that were about to unfold. Yes; first and foremost the mosquito force outside the Reserve Bank was to be immobilised. Next Virgil's wasps were to move in and pickup the bank staff. They were then to be taken to Virgil's hangar. Pearl on reflecting to herself thought it best if Virgil's hangar be the HQ for the day. Her reasoning was that it was well south of the action and probably the safest for all concerned. The final and crucial action for the day ahead was the call for the starlings to move in and finish off the job.
 Pearl Baker-Moth was ready for action. She checked her smellphone battery to ensure it would last the day. Indeed she could see how the battery was a nice full round shape and unlikely to go flat over the next twelve hours or so.
It was finally that Pearl phoned Louie. This was to check that he was on the ball as indeed he was.
'Leaving in five minutes Louie', Pearl announced. 'I will go straight to Virgil's and see you there as arranged at 5.00a.m.'
'Okay Pearl. I will leave in five minutes too and see you there', Louie replied before hanging up. 
The two insects made their way to Virgil's hangar as arranged. It was by this time that there was a faint glimmer of pink in the eastern sky. Pearl had reflected to herself how it could mean rain later. Even so; the important thing was that at least for the time being it was clear and calm for the pending operation.
 Louie was already at the hangar when Pearl had arrived. The Ten Ants; who hadn't been able to sleep because of the pending excitement; had arrived half an hour early. On that basis they had already been briefed by Louie and Virgil in relation to their duties and what would be happening. In order to assist with the operation; the Ten Ants were by this time making themselves useful by helping Virgil. This was with the loading of the ten courier packs of mosquito repellent. This was due to take half an hour or so. It would be then that Virgil would make a boarding call for the Ten Ants. 
It was about the time that Virgil had been loaded with the packs of mosquito repellent that ten wasps arrived. Having done so, they parked themselves outside the hangar. This was with wings at idling power ready to go. It was all very exciting.
With everything pretty well in place; Virgil went over the flight plan with Pearl and Louie. It went something like this. 'After take off I'll fly west in a wide circle. I'll move in a circle until reaching an altitude of fifty thousand feet' - This is remembering that insects have small feet so about two lampposts high. Virgil continued by saying. 'The ten rescue wasps will follow me. They will remain circling beyond the road to the west until I call them in'.
 Virgil paused for a moment. This was to emphasise the seriousness of what he was saying. Having lowered his voice he continued by saying. 'The key to this operation is an element of surprise. It's imperative that we don't wake the sleeping mosquitoes. To this end it will be at the appropriate time; and some distance away from the Reserve Bank; that I will cut power. Having done so I will glide in. The Ten Ants have been instructed to release the mosquito repellent on my call of "C.F.A.A"'
Louie trying to sound knowledgeable made a suggestion. 'I presume this means 'Cleared For Action Ants''.
'No Louie', Virgil replied with much seriousness. 'To give the Ten Ants an incentive to do the job it stands for 'Chocolate Cake For All Afterwards'.
'Silly me', Louie responded. 'I should have known'.
'Right', Virgil continued. 'It's action time. Would passengers seated in rows nine and ten board now please'. 
This happened to be the two ants Deodor and Flatul. Virgil had arranged that they sit down the back of the aircraft. This was because of the sight possibility that they may interfere with smellphone transmissions. However let's be fair; these were two fine and capable ants from Louie's Team. They were not to be sniffed at.
Having got Deodor and Flatul onboard, Virgil then announced, 'Would the remaining passengers in rows one to eight now board please'.
Everything was going well. It was soon that the Ten Ants were strapped in; or rather on; and ready for takeoff. Because the flight was of a military nature there were no cabin crew today. Normally there would have been a personbird looking after passengers and making the usual in-flight announcements.
So it was that with the Ten Ants in place; and the ten packs of mosquito repellent in place; that Virgil started his wings up. It was while running them at about 1,500 r.p.m. that he slowly moved out of the hangar. The large powerful blue dragon fly was a magnificent sight in the darkness of the early morning. It was as Virgil moved out of the hangar that the ten pickup wasps moved in behind. They had lined up with military precision behind Virgil. This was with wings idling in readiness for takeoff.
Virgil idled his massive and powerful wings for a minute or so. It was as he did that he checked wind direction and power settings. He also requested that the Ten Ants remain seated at all times during takeoff.
It was then with all systems go that Virgil applied full power. Louie and Pearl found it hard to remain standing. This was with the ensuing wash of air from the powerful wings. Virgil lifted off vertically before heading west as planned. The Ten Ants were waving to Louie and Pearl in absolute excitement. This was aboard Virgil as he moved off rapidly into the dimness of first light.
It was immediately after Virgil had lifted off that the ten wasps; this was under full power; lifted off and flew in a Vee formation behind Virgil.
Pearl and Louie just stood rooted to the spot. This was in utter awe of what they had witnessed. It was like something out of Star Wars. With Virgil and the wasps having disappeared into the dark; all went quiet again. 
'Right', Pearl said on returning to reality. 'Louie; you and I are heading back to my place. It's from there that we can observe what is going on'.
So it was that the pair took off in the early dawn and headed to Pearl's street light apartment. By this time it was five minutes to six. It was about four minutes before Virgil would move in for the drop.
It was on having arrived back at her apartment that Pearl put her smellphone on speakerphone. This was so Louie could hear and talk when in communication with Virgil. Pearl in a voice with military authority said. 
'This is operations, come in ZK 10NANA'. 
'Roger, this is ZK whatever'. Virgil had responded. He couldn't quite remember what his registration number was; let alone see it in the dark. 'In position now. Will be proceeding for the drop in two minutes, over and out'.
Pearl and Louie went to the window. In now having a bit more light coming from the east they could just make out Virgil. This was as well as the ten wasps where they were circling to the west. Louie and Pearl waited in silence.
'There he goes', Louie exclaimed. 'He's heading in the direction of the Reserve Bank'.
Sure enough, the large dragonfly; this was with the Ten Ants and the mosquito repellent aboard; were making a power off descent in the direction of the Reserve Bank.
It was as Virgil made his approach that he could see the top of the Reserve Bank ahead. It was just visible in the early morning light. Virgil made the glide path low enough to prevent being spotted by the mosquitoes. That is the mosquitoes that were asleep on the ground at the front of the bank. 
It was having commenced a power off glide that Virgil spoke to the Ten Ants over the intercom. 'This is your Captain speaking. We are now one minute away from the drop. Stand by for a count down to ground zero. A fifteen second count down will commence shortly'.
The Ten Ants readied themselves as instructed. They had been drilled many times earlier in the morning on the procedure. Nothing could go wrong now. They were ready for action immediately they heard the code C.F.A.A.
'Here we go', Virgil announced over the intercom. 'Count down starting now. Zero minus fifteen seconds, fourteen, thirteen, twelve, eleven, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one - C.F.A.A. and go!!' yelled Virgil.
The Ten Ants immediately let all the courier packs go. Bull's eye! Right on target. The sleeping mosquitoes didn't know what had hit them. The mosquito repellent splattered everywhere with each impact of the courier packs. The mosquitoes didn't stand a chance. Within less than a minute all were lying dead on the ground. This was outside the Reserve Bank.
It was on having seen what they had achieved that The Ten Ants and Virgil cheered. The operation had been a complete success. Virgil had timed the operation perfectly. 
Virgil took it upon himself to do another small job. This was before calling in the ten wasps to pick up the bank staff. It was with power on again that he turned; this was while remaining low over the eastern side of the stream; and headed back across to the Reserve Bank. Once Virgil was over the remains of the dead mosquitoes he hovered. Having done so, he then blasted them with full power. Clever Virgil knew what he was doing. What he had done was to blow all the mosquitoes into the stream; and dispel any remaining mosquito repellent. Yeah!
It was on having cleared the area outside the bank that Virgil called on the ten wasps to move in to pickup the bank staff. They sure would be relieved to be free again! Mission completed!
It was a short time later that Virgil called up operations and reported in. 'Operation a success. The bank staff are on their way back to the hangar now. Will be remaining in the Reserve Bank area as requested. Will advise when Al Spider and the Gang appear. Over'.
Pearl and Louie were overcome with relief. 'Phase three now', Pearl said while looking out the window towards Mr McFarland's place. It was about a quarter to eight by this time. Just as had been planned; the starlings were gathering on the roof of Mr McFarland's shed. 
It was on seeing the starlings in place on the roof of Mr McFarland's shed that Pearl called up the chief starling on her smellphone. This was the darling starling she had communicated with the day before. Apparently there were still a few more to arrive. It was on that basis that the chief starling said. 'Give me a call back in five when more have arrived'.
Pearl and Louie continued to wait. This was while looking out the window of Pearl's apartment at the growing number of starlings on Mr McFarland's shed roof. It was then that horror of horrors Mr McFarland had heard the noise of the starlings on his shed roof. He had emerged from his house to see what the hell was going on.
It was then that much to Pearl's consternation that Mr McFarland started picking up stones off his driveway. Having done so, he commenced throwing them at the starlings. This was by no means normal behaviour for Mr McFarland. He loved most animals and birds. It was just that there were so many starlings. It had frightened the poor man.
Pearl's smell phone rang. It was the chief starling. He or she or whatever was no longer in a mood to be a "darling starling". Deary me no!
'What the hell is going on? You didn't tell me about this!' the chief starling yelled into the phone. 'Unless something can be done we're off!'
'Just hold on', Pearl responded. 'We'll think of something'.
'Well hurry up', the chief starling yelled once more. 'This is worse than flying in a hail storm!'
'Damn!' Pearl had said. It was because of her concern about the situation that her feelers were standing straight up again.
Louie was a bit taken aback with the utterance from Pearl. This was because she usually just said "bother", "golly", or "gosh" when things went wrong. He thought to himself how it must be serious what was happening.
'Right', Pearl said at length. 'This requires drastic action. Louie I'm going to have to make a private call and sort out this business with Mr McFarland. I am sorry but it is hush-hush stuff. I can't involve you in it. You will have to excuse me'.
It was accordingly that Pearl went into another room and closed the door. This was while leaving Louie wondering as to what the hell she was up to.
Louie could just hear an urgent conversation between Pearl and someone else on the other end of the phone. From what he could make out there was something about "don't touch the blue wire". Then there was something about a red wire and a green wire. To add to the mystery; judging by what was being mentioned; it sounded as though Pearl was talking to her Granddad!
It was within less than a minute that Pearl emerged from the room where she had gone for a bit of privacy. It could be seen that her feelers were back down in the curled position again. Louie in all innocence was humming a tune to himself pretending that he hadn't heard anything.
'Right Louie', Pearl said with a smile. 'Let's have a look out the window'.
Louie was dumbfounded. Sure enough, Mr McFarland had disappeared! 
Pearl then got straight on her phone to the chief starling. Having done so, she said. 'You should be OK now'.
'That's a relief', the chief starling had responded. This is before going on to say. 'All of our numbers are in position now. We are awaiting further instructions'.
'Will be calling you back shortly', Pearl replied with a knowing smile.
It was by this time that it was just after 8.00 a.m. So far, Pearl hadn't heard from Virgil. Louie and Pearl waited in silence for another couple of minutes. Louie was lost in thought wondering how on earth Pearl had sorted out the issue with Mr McFarland. There was indeed no sign of him.
At four minutes past eight the call they had been waiting for came from Virgil. It was confirmed that Al Spider and the Gang were out in the open in front of The Reserve Bank. Pearl thanked Virgil. Virgil on having reported the presence of Al Spider and his gang was now heading back to the hangar. This was at maximum certified airframe speed.
It was once again with a smile on her face that Pearl phoned the chief starling. The message was plain and simple. All Pearl said was 'Go!'
Pearl and Louie then watched from the apartment. What were literally hundreds of starlings lifted from the shed roof. They did so in a speckled swirling cloud before heading north to the Reserve Bank. This was where Al Spider and the Gang were trying to gain entry. It was a moving sight to watch the starlings. That is in there being so many birds flying in close formation. This was under one instruction from the chief starling.
Pearl and Louie hurried over to the north facing windows of Pearl's apartment. This was to watch the starlings. It was after a minute or so they saw the starlings dive. It would be all over for Al Spider and the Gang!
Al Spider and the Valley Barn gang were taken by complete surprise. The hungry starlings consumed most of Al Spider's gang and hopefully Al Spider. A few escaped badly injured. Such spiders were likely to be months being nursed in a nursery spider hospital. With it being confirmed that in all likelihood Al Spider was no more; Louie and Pearl shouted in unison. 'Yea we did it!'
Yes; it was an emotional time. The insect community had been saved from a very grave situation. Pearl and Louie sat in silence for a moment taking it all in.
'What are we waiting for Louie?!' Pearl said at length. 'Let's get down to Virgil's hangar and celebrate before the Ten Ants eat all the chocolate cake!' Pearl and Louie laughed with relief.
The question now remains as to how it was that Pearl Baker-Moth stopped Mr McFarland from throwing stones at the starlings. What was all this red wire, blue wire, green wire stuff that Louie had overheard?
Well what had happened was that Pearl had phoned her Cabinet Minister named Granddad. What she had done was get him to connect the necessary wires in the cabinet to make Mr McFarland's phone ring all the time. Not unnaturally Mr McFarland had stopped throwing stones at the starlings; he had headed on inside his house to answer the phone! Then; every time Mr McFarland answered the phone there was of course no one there. Subsequently it was every time he hung up it started ringing again! This nonsense had kept Mr McFarland preoccupied; in somewhat of a rage it might be added; for sometime. Well put it this way. It was enough time to at least remove the threat to the starlings! Pearl Baker-Moth was one clever lady, don't you think! 

Chapter 5
A Picnic Is Organised.

It was on the day following the Al Spider attack; that is on what was by this time a Tuesday; that Louie the bee was up and about at somewhere close to 8.00a.m. He was normally out of bed earlier than this. Today however he had given the Ten Ants the day off. The Factory was closed. Louie was in a frame of mind to relax a bit. After all; it had been very stressful the day before.
The Reserve Bank had needed to be re-opened to serve the community. Arnold had seen to this. Services were as usual. On that basis Louie had no commitments there. It was as per usual that Louie had brushed his body and washed his teeth - and made his breakfast. Today he was having toasted rose hip flakes. Being a somewhat hungry bee he had consumed them with relish. This was with plenty of dandelion milk; and a bit of honey to sweeten things. Delicious it was; well especially to Louie. Besides which; Pearl Baker-Moth had told Louie that rose hips were very high in vitamin C. Louie had naturally thought that this would be good for a tired bee; as indeed he was. 
Louie in being the governor of the Reserve Bank; and the owner-manager of the Factory; was a reasonably well to-do sort of bee. On that basis he was able to afford things such as a dishwasher. The dishwasher's name was Rose. She was a middle aged personbird who came in twice a week; that is Tuesdays and Fridays. This was to do things such as dishes and cleaning as and when Louie required. Sad as it was; Rose's partner had apparently run off with a younger personbird. On that basis Rose was only too glad of the work. 
It was when Louie had finished his breakfast that Rose was happily doing the dishes and tidying things up for him. On that basis Louie went out on the sundeck. The sundeck was in place at the front of his house overlooking the stream. It was here that Louie reclined and relaxed with a cup of his favourite tea. That is TG Tips.
It had rained overnight. It was a totally different scenario however when Louie had moved out onto the sundeck. The sun that was to the east; this was a couple of hours after sunrise; was shining across the stream. It was shining from what was a now brilliantly clear blue sky. Louie was relaxing on his sundeck ferniture. This was after tipping off any water from the overnight rain. Louie had of course made the sundeck ferniture himself out of ferns.
It was above where Louie was relaxing that there was a large fern frond. In fact the frond was large enough to hang over the whole of the front of Louie's house. It gave perfect shade from the sun when it was strongest in the middle of the day. The end of the fern frond happened to be just above Louie where he was relaxing on his sundeck ferniture. It was to add to the magic of the day that at the end of the fern frond; that is at the very tip of it; that there was a raindrop hanging from it. To put things into perspective, the rain drop was about the size of Louie's head. To Louie it looked like a huge crystal ball catching the sunlight of the early morning. In fact the raindrop in catching the sun acted as a prism. It meant that across the front of Louie's house there were the colours of the rainbow. That is bands of vivid red, orange, yellow, blue, and violet. Louie on seeing the magic of the colours couldn't help but think what a wonderful world it was where he lived. It had unquestionably been worth every dollop and scent to save that world from Al Spider the day before. It made Louie feel humble to think of what his Queen and mentor had achieved.  
Louie had been relaxing for about half an hour; in fact he had just about dozed off; when his smellphone rang. It was Pearl Baker-Moth.
'Good morning Louie', Pearl had said. 'I hope all is well after yesterday'.
Louie told Pearl that he felt on top of the world following her cleverness the day before. He also mentioned how he was for the time being; relaxing in the sun. He was doing so without a care in the world because the Factory was closed for the day.
Pearl went on to say. 'Thank you for your kind comments Louie. I was going to say would it be okay with you to meet later this morning at Virgil's place. It would be good to just tidy up a few issues hanging over from yesterday'.
'Sure Pearl', Louie had responded. 'That would be no problem. I need to talk to Virgil about a picnic for the Ten Ants as we promised. In fact we all need a day away I reckon'.
'Great Louie. I'll put it on the agenda'.
Pearl had already tentatively arranged with Virgil to meet at the hangar at 11.00 a.m. This suited Louie. It meant that he could relax in the sun on his sundeck for another hour or so.
It may be wondered by the reader as to why it was that such meetings were arranged at Virgil's place; and not at Pearl Baker-Moth's streetlight apartment. After all it was Pearl who was doing all the organising stuff. It was purely a matter of logistics. Virgil was just too big to fit into Pearl's lounge; let alone get through her front door!
It was sometime later that Louie had fallen asleep in the sun. Fortunately for Louie; Rose came out and reminded him that he needed to be at a meeting at eleven. It was on that basis that Louie thanked Rose. He then stood up and stretched his legs. He also flapped his wings that had become somewhat creased from lying on them. Ah yes; our beloved Louie felt much refreshed after his snooze in the sun.
'Rose', Louie then said. 'I'll be away until about mid afternoon. I'll be at this meeting that I need to attend. Please help yourself to anything in the larder for lunch. Make yourself at home. And thanks for all you have done for me this morning'.
'Rose went a little coy and bashful with Louie's praise. It has to be said that the red spots on her wing covers had turned a little redder if one looked closely'. 
So it was that on having talked to Rose that Louie then powered up his wings. He lifted off the sundeck at the front of his house to head away for the meeting with Pearl and Virgil. It was rather than heading straight to the meeting that first he diverted his attention elsewhere. What he did was to climb high enough so he could see the Reserve Bank to the north. Much to his relief everything looked normal. In being happy with what he could see; Louie then reduced power to descend to the stream. Below him he could see Pearl Baker-Moth heading for Virgil's hangar. Louie joined her on the starboard side. The pair then chatted about things such as honey, chocolate cake, and red wine as they cruised along. This was just above the stream surface.
Something that would be of interest to the reader was this. It was when Pearl and Louie arrived at Virgil's hangar that he happened to be in the process of refuelling. In fact he had taken onboard ten dollops or more worth of honey. This was from special underground tanks. They were tanks that had been built some years before by White Ant Excavators. Louie and Pearl could tell Virgil was refuelling because the "NO SMOKING" sign was on.
It might be wondered as to how on earth it could be that a no smoking sign was on; let alone be even necessary. That is when Virgil was in fact refuelling with dollops and scents worth of honey. After all, honey is not exactly flammable. No; for Virgil there was good reason. If anything made him cough; that is such as smoke; while ingesting fuel he could either choke or end up with air bubbles in the fuel. Yes; air bubbles in the fuel could; that is if one wasn't careful; bring about a severe case of flatulence midflight. Yes Virgil was; this was apart from being safety conscious; mindful of passenger comfort.
Louie and Pearl had; this was with power off; glided in and alighted just as Virgil had finished refuelling. It was accordingly that Virgil called out. 'Hi there you two. Wait outside in the sunshine if you like. I won't be a moment'.
So it was that Pearl and Louie waited. It was from a safe distance that they watched Virgil attend to any fuel spills. This was in particular around his mouth where the fuel went in. It was with all the necessaries taken care of that Virgil then went over to Louie and Pearl. That is to where they were by the entrance to the hangar relaxing in the sunshine. The three exchanged further pleasantries. This was before agreeing what a relief it was that the ordeal of the day before was over.
It was then that the three insects made their way on inside the hangar to Virgil's office. It was meeting time. Just as was touched on earlier; Pearl had come with an agenda for the meeting. She gave a copy; that was written on the back of a gum leaf; to Louie and Virgil. It was first of all that Pearl requested that all smellphones be turned off for the duration of the meeting.
The first item that Pearl had on the agenda was addressed to Louie. Pearl felt that in order to learn from what had happened the day before; and to improve things should it ever happen again; it would be worth considering creating an escape route at the back of the Reserve Bank. Pearl's suggestion was not unreasonable in that Arnold and the tellers had been placed in some danger. Apart from which they had ended up being trapped at the bank overnight.
Pearl then went on to say. 'If Al Spider had gained access to the bank with the staff trapped inside it is too terrible to think about what could have happened. They could have made matchsticks out of Arnold'. Arnold was of course a somewhat defenceless stick insect.
'What I suggest', Pearl continued. 'Is that at some time in the future we get White Ant Excavators to create a below ground tunnel. In particular I mean one leading to the west from the rear of the Reserve bank. It would need to come out at a point at the edge of the Reserve. That is at a secret location that only we know about. A tunnel would apart from getting staff out also be essential for getting the dollops and scents out. Hopefully with Al Spider now gone it won't be necessary to do so. Even so, we can never be sure'. 
It was in response to what Pearl had said that Louie and Virgil nodded in approval. Louie in particular didn't say anything because in all reality such a tunnel should have been put in place some time ago. It hadn't been put in place because of the cost involved. Louie knew that he had been a little remiss. That is in placing more importance on dollops and scents than the safety of the bank staff. It was accordingly that he glanced at Pearl. This was with a degree of bashful shame on his face. It was in response to the look on Louie's face that Pearl smiled. She knew what Louie was thinking. Accordingly she said. 'Don't blame yourself Louie. Out of the bad that came about yesterday; good has come. We will now build the tunnel. Apart from which the threat of Al Spider has now gone'. 
'Thanks Pearl. I sure look up to you with the wisdom you show'.
'Louie I just want to say one thing. I want you to know that you are a much loved bee that our community can't do without. I know you more than you realise. I know within you that there is a strong, assertive, and fearless bee. One day that strength and assertiveness that I know you possess will be called upon. Believe me Louie; I look up to you too'.
 Pearl was right with what she had said. It will be seen as our story unfolds how Louie was indeed a strong and assertive bee. It certainly pleased Louie that Pearl had said so. One of the key points here however is this. The beautiful Pearl Baker-Moth was the greatest Queen ever. This was because she encouraged members of her community in all of their endeavours. Chastisement was a word that she didn't even know the meaning of. 
Right; we have digressed enough. The second item that Pearl had on the agenda was to somehow reward Arnold and the tellers. In particular this was for the ordeal they had been through. Pearl beneath her appearance of being assertive, firm, and in control, had a genuine affection for all her subjects. Seeing any of them being hurt or put in compromising positions affected her deeply.
Pearl went on to say. 'Any suggestions Louie in relation to Arnold and the tellers?'
Louie had reflected for a moment. What had sprung to mind was that Arnold was not a particularly sociable chap. There was I suppose good reason for not so called "fitting in" with others. This would become obvious if ever the Ten Ants threw a party at their place. Arnold in being a stick insect was simply too big to "fit in" the hole in the floor of Mr McFarland's shed.  Anyway; that aside; the tellers at the bank weren't really into parties either. On that basis picnics or parties were out of the question as a reward for the bank staff.
'I reckon', Louie said at length. 'Our best course of action would be to give the bank staff a pay increase. That is together with an extra week's holiday. Then they can enjoy themselves as they see fit'.
'Excellent', Pearl pronounced in agreement. 'I really believe that that would be the right approach Louie'.
The next item Pearl had on the agenda was to do with Mr McFarland. It was through Pearl's efforts to save the insect community the day before that poor Mr McFarland had suffered to a degree. For one he had ended up having stones removed from his driveway. Then he had endured the annoyance of having hundreds of starlings on his shed roof. Finally to top it off he had been infuriated by a phone that wouldn't stop ringing!
'I have thought about this one quite a bit', Pearl continued. 'We could drop some honeycomb in his letterbox. I know he likes honey. Maybe we could even place some of his favourite flowers on his doorstep? He likes freesias. Have you two got any ideas?'
Virgil shrugged his wing roots. Louie was pensive for a moment.
It was following some deliberation on the part of Louie that he said. 'Yes. I believe there is something we could do. The downpipe on the spouting of Mr McFarland's shed is blocked. When it rained a couple of weeks ago; water flowed over from the spouting. As a result; lettuce seeds that Mr McFarland had sown alongside the shed were washed away. What we could do is get White Ant Excavators to clear the downpipe. Then Mr McFarland can re-sow his lettuces again without any worry'. 
'Sounds good to me Louie', Pearl confirmed. 'Good idea'.
'Right', Louie responded with enthusiasm. 'I'll get that organised ASAP'.
Louie went on to say in an important business sort of voice. 'I can charge this work against maintenance costs for the Factory. The reason being that the blocked downpipe can cause flooding in the Factory premises'. Hmmm; typical bank manager.
I guess that the reader might be thinking that the items that Pearl has raised are perhaps a little mundane or even irrelevant to the story. Virgil was seemingly of the same opinion. This was because he kept fidgeting with things that Dragon Flies fidget with. However what it does is demonstrate that Pearl was a very caring creature. This is important to mention because the whole ensuing story relates to the needs she has to care for her community. If Pearl wasn't so inclined it's quite possible that there just wouldn't be a story.
Right; the final item on Pearl's agenda was the day away and a picnic. This was for all present at the meeting together with the Ten Ants. The Ten Ants had of course been promised a picnic for their efforts the previous day. Just as has already been touched upon; the Ten Ants were quite a sociable lot. They would be terribly disappointed if there wasn't any picnic.
It was at the mention of a day away and a picnic that Virgil stopped fidgeting. It was then that Pearl said. 'Virgil you and Louie know the area around here well. Do either of you have an idea of what could be a good place to head to for a picnic; that is with the Ten Ants?'
It was Virgil who responded immediately. This was with what has to be said was a considerable degree of excitement. 'Yes; I just haven't been able to wait to tell you all! I know of a wonderful place that I discovered recently quite by accident. It's a full day trip away. Even so; I know that everyone would just love it!'
'Where?' Louie and Pearl queried in unison.
'Well', Virgil continued. 'I would like to keep it as a surprise. I would love to take you all there. The main reason for keeping it secret for now is that I am thinking of using it as a tourist destination for day trips next summer. I would really appreciate some feedback on what you all think of this beautiful place!'
'Wow', Louie said. 'This sounds exciting!'
'Agreed Virgil', Pearl concurred with much happiness in her voice.
'What I suggest', Virgil continued. 'Is that we all meet here at 8.30 a.m this Saturday. We can load up and head off at 9.00 a.m. Louie I'd ask it that you arrange for the Ten Ants to be here at 8.30 a.m. Unfortunately I can't pick them up as I will be busy organising things for the trip away. Everyone needs to bring what they require for the day - as well as perhaps a little extra in case of emergency. We can load all our gear into my number two cargo container'.
For the readers sake; Virgil's cargo containers varied in size from one to three - three being the largest. These containers fitted neatly beneath his fuselage. They could be filled with all sorts of items - especially goodies and belongings for picnics and days away. The containers had been made at Louie's Factory by the Ten Ants some time ago. They were made from woven dried grass. The dried grass had then been covered with the cement that bees use to make honeycomb. In essence the containers that have been referred to were of a light "fibregrass" construction - thus making them ideal for air transport use.
Virgil went on to suggest; this was with a twinkle in his eye. 'I'd suggest bringing plenty of chocolate cake and red wine. Let's make a ball of it!'
For those who may be worried about the possibility of alcohol consumption and flying; and quite rightly so; it needs to be pointed out that dragonflies and other insects were a unique species. This is in that they are not affected in their ability to fly following the consumption of red wine; or any other wine for that matter. It has been theorised that this amazing ability is because insects have six legs. That is that there are a sufficient number of legs to prevent ever becoming legless! Well that's as theory has it. We digress.
The three insects at the hangar concluded the meeting. This was with some happy banter about the pending picnic. Louie and Pearl tried in vain to get Virgil to tell them where they were heading for the day on the Saturday. No; he wouldn't!
It was with the meeting over that Pearl thanked Virgil for making himself available. In being lunch time; Louie and Pearl headed back along the stream to the Nest Café. This was for a welcome bite to eat.
****
It was the following morning; that is on the Wednesday; that the Factory was back in full operation again. The Ten Ants were hard at work when Louie had arrived about 9.30 a.m. Louie immediately checked with Import as to how things were going. Having done so he made a point of saying that he would like to have a meeting with everyone in his office sharp at ten.
It was out of earshot of Louie that Import mumbled to himself. 'Probably a meeting about timesheets and over claimed hours again'. Even so, he went to inform the others of the meeting.
So it was at 10.00 a.m that the Ten Ants duly filed into Louie's office; or the 'bored' room as they referred to it amongst themselves. It was when the Ten Ants were seated at the meeting table that Louie said with a look of mischief in his eyes. 'Right you lot; timesheets'.
There was a groan from the Ten Ants seated around the table. There was a chorused response of; 'Aw not again Mr Louie!'
'Yes', Louie pronounced with a laugh. 'I want to leave the time sheets for now and discuss them at next week's meeting!'
'Yeah!' the Ten Ants then cheered.
It was then that Louie; this was with a smile a mile wide on his loveable face; went on to tell the Ten Ants about the picnic on Saturday. He also went on to indicate how it was to be held at a surprise destination. Not to mention that there would be plenty to eat and drink. Oh yes! The Ten Ants were ecstatic and excited about the whole deal. 
'Sounds like a mystery tour', Expect said somewhat gleefully.
'What I need you to do', Louie continued. 'Is to get you all to make your own way to Virgil's hangar on Saturday morning. You'll all need to bring anything you might need for the day. There will be plenty of room in Virgil's container for you to do so. I'd just ask that you all be at Virgil's hangar sharp at 8.30 a.m'.
Oh yes; the Ten Ants really were happy about the whole prospect of the day away on Saturday. They had secretly thought that the picnic; which of course had been promised to them; might have been forgotten.
Louie on concluding the meeting reiterated to the Ten Ants that he was exceedingly proud of them. In particular this was for what they had achieved two days earlier. It was with genuine feeling that he emphasised that he really couldn't have a better team. He went on to say. 'The fact that you all supported me at what was a time of crisis makes me feel very, very humble. Our Queen and leader Pearl Baker-Moth has expressed to me the same. You are all heroes!'
It has to be said that a number of the Ten Ants had tears in their eyes. Mr Louie really was quite a good boss all things considered!

Chapter 6
The Picnic

The day of the picnic came soon enough. The Saturday in question had dawned to be fine and clear. There was no wind to speak of. The weather was perfect for the insects to fly. On that basis the picnic would be all go. An excited Louie was up and about early. The incentive to do so was the brilliant cloudless dawn that he had witnessed through his bedroom window. It was on that basis that having brushed his body and washed his teeth that he made sure that he had a substantial breakfast. This was to put him in good stead for the day ahead. After all there would be plenty of energy to be expended with all the flying that was likely to be done. Incidentally it's possibly worth a mention here that Louie was always self conscious about his weight. It concerned him that if ever he did lose weight; such as with all the flying that was to be done this particular day; he might start looking like a black and yellow striped wasp. On that basis he made sure that he ate plenty of what he liked. We digress.
It was following breakfast that Louie put together all the things he might need for the day ahead. It was apart from honey and food type stuff that there was a tube of sun block for bees. Then there was a tube of "Wingdolene" to keep his wings clear and clean. This was as well as a stick of underwing deodorant. In addition there was a back scratcher, a spray can of people repellent, an old compass that always pointed north, a map of the world, and a packet of Beehive Matches. Yes; Louie felt satisfied that he had everything when he had put that lot together. Gosh Louie we're only going on a picnic!
Why Louie was bringing all this stuff was anybody's guess. It might have been that with Louie living on his own that there was no one to tell him that most of it was unnecessary! Aside from all that nonsense; there was some other stuff that needs to be mentioned. It had been the previous day that Louie had; this was with the help of a couple of Virgil's wasps; brought heaps of chocolate cake and red wine from the village. It had been dropped it off at Virgil's hangar in readiness for the trip away.
So it was that at around 8.15 a.m that Louie got onto his smellphone. First this was to check that all was well with Pearl. He also used his smellphone to check with Import that the Ten Ants were on their way to Virgil's hangar. Yes; much happiness. All was going to plan with both Pearl and the Ants. It was on that basis that finally Louie said to himself. "Well that's it. It's time to go". 
Just as a matter of interest; Louie had placed all his previously mentioned "stuff" in a bracken sort of basket that he had made for himself. It was a basket that he could conveniently strap beneath his somewhat loveable furry round body. Clever Louie.
It was finally that Louie meticulously checked that all the windows of his house were securely shut. He then checked that he had his front door key, his smellphone, and a clean handkerchief. Having done all this checking business; it was with much excitement that he was off outside onto the sundeck at the front of his house. It was here that he paused momentarily to idle his wings.  All felt good in that department. It was then that he revved his wings up to full power in preparation for lift-off. Yes; lift-off for what promised to be a great day ahead.
When Louie had lifted off, he circled his little home to do a final check that all was secure. It was a home that he loved dearly. In being satisfied with what he could see it was then full speed on along the stream to Virgil's hangar.
"Ah this is the life", Louie had said to himself. This was as he sped along just above the stream surface. In being exceedingly happy he sung a little verse to himself. It went something like this:

How wonderful to be,
A bee like me,
To fly so free,
And see all I see.

'Bother!!' - No, this wasn't part of Louie's song. Louie had come to realise that he had forgotten something. This very important "something" shall remain confidential for the time being. However; stay tuned. All will be revealed later in our story. So it was following the utterance by Louie of what was indeed a rather emphatic "bother" that he flew back from whence he had come. Yes; it was with a few further utterances of "bother" that he sped back home at top speed to pick up the "something".
When Louie duly arrived at Virgil's hangar, the Ten Ants were busy putting the last of all their stuff in Virgil's fibregrass container. Pearl Baker-Moth had put her handbag in as well. Fortunately it was in spite of Pearl's handbag that there was plenty of room remaining for Louie's bracken basket.
'Hi Louie', Pearl had said when Louie arrived - that is a few minutes late.
'Hi Pearl', Louie responded. 'Sorry I am a bit late. I forgot something'.
'Silly bee', Pearl had responded somewhat affectionately.
It was by ten to nine that Virgil was loaded up. The boarding call had been made for the Ten Ants. As usual Flatul and Deodor were seated in rows nine and ten. It's interesting to note here that the Ten Ants were unusually quiet. It was because in reality they were in a state of what could be called "mesmerised awe" in relation to the pending day ahead. Never before had something so special occurred in their little lives. They wanted to be on their best behaviour at least for the interim. They wanted to show; this was especially to Louie; that they could be well behaved little ants if they needed to be. 
It was once that the Ten Ants were seated and strapped in aboard Virgil that he called everyone around him. This was to brief them on the flight plan. Virgil informed Pearl and Louie that he would be leading the way. They were to follow close behind. Virgil requested that smellphones be kept open at all times on speaker mode. This was so that constant communication could be maintained.
'When we fly out of here', Virgil continued. 'We will head upstream to the southwest. We will fly just above the stream surface so that we are clear of the bush canopy overhead. It is important that we stay close together'.
 Virgil paused to take a look about him. This was to make sure everybody was paying attention. They were - even the Ten Ants who were known to fidget at such times were paying attention. Happy with what he could see, Virgil then went on to say. 'The trip will be in stages as you will come to learn. The first stage will take us about an hour. This is to reach the foot of the hills. It will be there that we will rest for a while before moving on'.
Virgil then checked to see if there were any questions or comments in relation to what he had said. No there weren't any. That is apart from Expect uttering a somewhat well mannered "Yeah!" Well truth be known; there were little sighs of happiness uttered by the remaining nine ants. They couldn't believe the magic of what was about to take place.
'Right', Virgil continued. 'Follow me'.
So there it was. The large blue dragonfly; this was with wings throbbing at idling speed; moved out from the hangar and into the sunshine. It was quite a sight to see the Ten Ants strapped in place in a line on top of Virgil's fuselage. It has to be said that they looked quite cute. In particular this was with the look of excited anticipation that could be seen on their little faces. All the gear needed for the day ahead was in the fibregrass container strapped in place beneath Virgil. Virgil on having moved out of the hangar then lined up ready for take off. Pearl and Louie moved in behind. 
Virgil then went through his pre-flight checks. As a part of such checks he requested that the Ten Ants remain seated with seat belts fastened at all times. Then there was final confirmation with Louie and Pearl that smellphones were open for communication.
'Ready for takeoff Louie and Pearl?' Virgil called over his smellphone.
'It's all go', Louie responded.
'Ready', said Pearl. 
Virgil then put on full power. As he did he yelled in into his smellphone. 'Lifting off. Ten Ants hang on. Let's go!'
Virgil as always was a magnificent sight when in flight under full power. He moved gracefully out above the stream. Having done so, he hovered momentarily. This was before turning south and gaining speed. It was then full speed on up the stream towards their stage one destination. Pearl and Louie flew in behind just slightly above Virgil. This was so that they were out of the wash that was emanating from Virgil's powerful wings.
Virgil checked again. 'Okay Louie and Pearl?' 
Louie and Pearl were fine. Oh dear. It was all just so exciting. It was especially so for the Ten Ants who by this time couldn't resist chattering amongst themselves. Yes; there they were. All in a line along the top of Virgil's fuselage. Much clapping of little hands and feet could be seen. It was magic for the little creatures to be away from mundane things such as the Factory and Louie's timesheets.
It was immediately below the insects; this was as they flew; that the stream changed over time. This was from calm pool areas and placid waters to areas of small rapids. It was in places that the stream altered course to the left and right in wending deviations. It was accordingly that the insects banked at speed in lazy exhilarating turns. As for the Ten Ants; they revelled in the magic of flying at speed. Every time Virgil banked there was a chorus of ten "Yays!"
It was above the insects as they flew that shafts of sunlight filtered their way through the bush canopy. Such shafts of light penetrated the crystal clear waters of the stream. This was to reveal rocks and even fish beneath the surface. Other creatures of the insect world could be seen waving to the trio as they sped on by. Yes; it has to be reiterated that the sight of Virgil with the Ten Ants aboard; who were waving with much joy at everything in sight; was something quite spectacular to behold.
It was at a point about twenty minutes into the journey that Virgil announced over his smellphone. 'Pearl and Louie; we are coming shortly to a point where the stream divides. In effect it's a place where the stream forks. We will be taking the western branch. From there we head directly towards the hills. I should point out that from now on we start to climb. There are quite a number of water falls to traverse. Stay close and do as I do'.
'Roger; will do', Louie responded.
Sure enough; it was just as Virgil had said. They came to a point where the stream divided. Accordingly they turned west. There was then a reasonably straight section of stream ahead. The insects could see a series of quite large waterfalls on into the distance. This was where the water of the stream was cascading over a multitude of stepped levels. 
The stream had changed from one that was reasonably placid to one that now bubbled, surged, and was alive. The insects were passing large boulders that were positioned either side of the stream. Tall rain forest trees and ferns had replaced the smaller bush and scrub of the lowland.
With boulders extending for some distance back either side of the stream; the insects were now flying out in the open in the warm sunlight. They continued climbing to the west until what was nearly the first hour had passed. The bush covered hills from which the stream was sourced weren't that far ahead of them by this time.
It was then that Virgil announced. 'Shortly we will be coming to a huge waterfall. At the base of the fall there is a large pool. Then to the left of the pool there is an extensive area of flat rock. It is there that we will be landing to have a rest. Pearl and Louie; watch me, stay close, and follow me in'.
It was with in a minute or so that sure enough; just as Virgil had said; the insects arrived at the base of a huge waterfall. There it was cascading down a massive vertical cliff face before them. They were falls that Pearl, Louie, and the Ten Ants, had never seen the likes of before. The falls extended so high above the insects that it was hard to determine where the top was. They were unquestionably magnificent.
It was because of the fact that the sun was shining that there was a special effect. The falls cascaded down within a fine mist that was refracting the colours of the rainbow. This was with quite a roar into a deep crystal clear pool at the base of the falls. To the left was the large area of flat rock that Virgil had described earlier. Louie and Pearl followed Virgil in and landed safely.
It was for a moment that nobody spoke. The three flying insects; this was together with the Ten Ants; felt so insignificant. This was in being in close proximity to such huge falls. It was Louie who eventually broke the silence with a 'WOW!' Pearl's beautiful eyes were wide open in awe at the sight. As for the Ten Ants; they were as quiet as church mice; at least for the time being.
Louie and Pearl on having studied the falls for a moment then positioned themselves in close to Virgil. This was so that they could speak and be heard above the roar of the cascading water. 
'Magnificent isn't it!' Virgil shouted at length. He then went on to say; this was while continuing to shout above the noise. 'We will stop here for half an hour for refreshments as well as a rest. I will enlighten you all as to what is entailed with the next phase when we have rested'. 
So it was that with refreshments uppermost in his mind that Louie opened Virgil's container. Having done so, he retrieved some welcome morning tea. The Ten Ants in being unable contain their excitement had rushed on down to the pool edge. They had lined up side by side to look into the depths of the crystal clear waters. In having never seen anything so beautiful in their lives; they were chattering amongst themselves with unbridled happiness. Appreciate also that an excited ant not only jumps up and down; it also waves its legs and feelers about with much exuberance.
With morning tea on the go; Louie and Pearl had put their feet up and leaned against a suitably placed rock. It was alongside them that Virgil had lifted his feet and rested comfortably on the fibregrass container strapped beneath him. Chocolate cake was then handed around. This was together with some gum leaf tea that Pearl Baker-Moth had brought in a Thermoth. Hmmm; it was as if by magic that the Ten Ants had suddenly arrived back from the pool edge. Yes; chocolate cake was a never ending obsession of the little creatures. It was while munching their cake that the Ten Ants sat somewhat silently in a circle. This was to listen to what the others might have to say. 
The sun shining on the insects felt warm. They relaxed in a slight breeze. It was a breeze in which was mixed the odd bit of misty spray. This was from the downdraft created by the waterfall itself. It was while the team were all together and relaxing that Virgil went on to inform the others how the area they were in was originally volcanic. 'The cliffs have a number of vent holes', Virgil explained. 'In fact the falls come out of a large one of these holes. Actually the hole in question is more of a cave situated within the cliff face'.
Virgil went on to say. 'The next stage is for us to fly to the top of the falls. It will be there that we will fly on into the cave where the water emerges. Once inside the cliff we will move on into the cave for a short distance. This is before we enter a tunnel that will take us on to our final destination. About half way to our final destination we enter a large cavity or chamber that's deep inside the hill. It's within this chamber that something very special will happen. We need to be there at 11.00 a.m.'.
Louie uttered another 'WOW!' The Ten Ants just couldn't believe what a wonderful adventure it was that was unfolding. They had remained sitting quietly while listening intently to every word that Virgil had to say. Pearl sighed with pleasure while she sat in the warmth of the sun. She said to Virgil. 'It just gets better and better. Just out of curiosity Virgil; how will we see where we are going when we are flying inside the tunnel you mentioned?'
Virgil smiled. It was then that he said. 'It's a surprise! All will be revealed in due course'.
It was coming up to 10.30 a.m when Virgil said. 'Right; Ten Ants, aboard now please. Gear back in the container. We will depart in five minutes'.
It was when ready to depart that Virgil checked smellphone communication once more. He then requested once again that smellphones be on at all times. 'After we takeoff', Virgil continued. 'Follow me closely. For safety we will be flying some distance away from the falls. That is so that we are not caught in the downdraft and spray'.
So it was that Virgil; this was with the Ten Ants aboard; took off again. Pearl and Louie just as they had been directed by Virgil were flying in close behind. It was in wide circles away from the falls that the trio climbed for about five minutes. This was before turning back to where the falls emerged from the cliff face. Sure enough it was just as Virgil had said. The water emerged from a large hole; or rather a cave within the cliff face. This was before cascading down to the pool far below. The view below the insects was magnificent. Apart from the falls themselves; it was everywhere about them that there was the green of lush bush, ferns, and tall trees. The effect of the falls dropping away gave the insects a feeling of constantly rising. Yes the falls were so incredibly large. Then in turn the insects were so incredibly small.
Virgil flew to a point someway above the cave. That is the cave where the water forming the falls emerged. He had flown to a point above the cave to avoid being caught in any downdrafts. It was then that Virgil; this was on easing back on the power; glided on into the cave mouth. Pearl and Louie; with their hearts in their mouths it might be added; followed close behind. The Ten Ants were once again silent. They were completely in awe of where they had come.
Once the insects were inside the cave they were out of the sunlight. The constant noise of the falls had subsided. The cave was cavernous and reasonably dark. It was then that Virgil spoke. 'Pearl and Louie; keep following me. We will circle here inside the cave for a few moments. This is so that our eyes can adjust to the lack of light. It will be shortly that I will take you into a tunnel that leads away at the rear of the cave'.
So it was that the insects circled for a while. Once their eyes had adjusted to the dark; Virgil announced. 'Right follow me'.
It was at the back of the cave that the water that supplied the falls seemed to simply materialise out of the rock. This was of course the same water that formed the stream where the insects lived. Just as was mentioned at the beginning of our story; it was in this cave that the water containing Mellennium appeared. That is from deep within the surrounding hills. Mellennium was what gave the insects; that is those who lived along the stream; the ability to live many many times longer than normal.
 It was just above the point where the water appeared from within the rock that there was an opening. To put things into perspective; the width of the opening was three wingspans of a dragonfly. Virgil flew on into the opening. Louie and Pearl followed somewhat apprehensively. Ahead of them was a long straight tunnel. It was a horizontal vent hole from volcanic activity many years before. It was a vent hole that had been widened and smoothed by water. Now here's the magic bit. The walls of the tunnel were lit by glow worms. There were in effect myriads of tiny fluorescent lights extending away as far as the eye could see. The glow worms provided all the light that the insects needed to navigate their way ahead. Virgil's voice broke the silence. 'Just wonderful isn't it!'
Pearl and Louie agreed. They were dumbfounded just as were the Ten Ants. None of them had seen anything like it before.
Virgil; this was while leading the way on through the tunnel; then continued to say via smellphone. 'The tunnel that we are in extends for quite a way. Shortly however we will emerge into the large rocky cavity or chamber that I mentioned earlier. This will be where something very special will happen. Once we arrive we will stop and land to wait for a while'.
Sure enough it was just as Virgil had said. The insects flew out of the tunnel they were in to emerge into what was a large cavity. It was in effect a huge almost spherically shaped rocky chamber deep inside the hill. It was in the middle of the chamber at the base that there was a crystal clear pool. It was a pool surrounded mainly by rock. It was to one side however that there was what could be described as being a small beach. It was a small beach of white river-sand at the edge of the pool. Virgil flew a wide circle inside the chamber. He then descended low over the pool before landing on the aforementioned sandy beach. It was about the walls of the chamber that there were a number glow worms. Even so; the main light source was an opening high up within the chamber. It was from there that a small amount of daylight entered.
Time wise it was about five to eleven. This was when the insects had landed and grouped together on the sandy beach. Virgil went on to say that they would need to sit and wait for a matter of a few minutes. He asked the Ten Ants to remain aboard. This was because the intention was to be moving on again within a short space of time. It was comfortable for the insects to be sitting on the soft sand. It was absolutely quiet. Not a sound could be heard. Louie and Pearl wondered what it was that they were going to see. They sat in silence taking in their surroundings. It was just as did the Ten Ants.
It was then at precisely 11.00 a.m; this was just as Virgil had promised; that a magnificent event occurred. A blinding shaft of light suddenly appeared from the opening at the top of the chamber. What had happened was that the sun had moved into a suitable position overhead. This was so that a golden shaft of light entered the chamber to shine directly into the depths of the pool. Some of the light was reflected off the pool surface and onto the walls. Some was refracted to produce subtle hints of the colours of the rainbow. With the manner in which the sun was shining in through the hole; it was as though the chamber was on fire. About the walls there were grotesque shadows produced by rocky outcrops. The shadows moved eerily as the shaft of intense light moved with the sun.
Louie and Pearl gasped just as did the Ten Ants. All those present just couldn't thank Virgil enough for bringing them to such a beautiful place.
'I will never ever forget this Virgil', Pearl said at length. 'It's the most beautiful sight I have ever seen'.
'Me too', Louie agreed.
The spectacle was short lived. It was almost as fast as the shaft of light had appeared that it then disappeared. It was in being awe struck that the insects remained in place on the sand a little longer. They needed to in order for their eyes to readjust to the subdued light. This was as well as to gather their thoughts. 
Virgil broke the silence. This was when he went on to explain what they would be doing next. 'We are about twenty minutes away from our final destination. Next we fly up towards the opening that can be seen at the top of the chamber. It's then near the top that we fly into another tunnel that takes us further west again'.
Virgil on having prepared himself for flight then went on to say. 'Just as a matter of interest; I have flown out through the opening at the top of the chamber. That is the opening through which the sun shone through. It's from there that there is a fantastic view looking back towards where we all live. We might take a look at it on the way back'.
It was then that Virgil with the Ten Ants safely aboard; took off from the little sandy beach. He then rose in wide spiralling loops. This was up and around the walls of the chamber. Louie and Pearl followed. Louie and Pearl couldn't help but marvel at the sheer size of the cavity within the hill. It was near the top of the chamber that Virgil flew into the tunnel he had mentioned earlier. The tunnel in question was not unlike the one they had come in along. That is the one that led from the top of the falls. Once again; this tunnel was lit with myriads of glow worms. Even so; this particular tunnel was larger. In fact it was more like a series of small chambers connected with tunnels. Some of the chambers even had stalagmites and stalactites. Some had water running through them with waterfalls of varying sizes coming down the sides. It was in parts that Virgil slowed to a near hover. This was where the tunnel ceiling was low. The insects flew on for about another quarter of an hour. What an amazing feeling it was to fly for such a distance inside a hill.
It was Louie who had noticed something first. He said to the others. 'What's that unusual fragrance that I can smell?'
Pearl had then noticed it too. There was something in the air they had never experienced in the way of a scent before. It wasn't an unpleasant smell. It was just something that neither Pearl nor Louie recognised. The Ten Ants were chattering amongst themselves by this time as well. They too had detected a fragrance in the air that they hadn't come across before.
Virgil didn't comment on what the others had detected. Instead he announced. 'We are just about there team. Prepare for landing'.
The tunnel they were all flying in veered to the left a little. This was before opening up into an exceedingly large cave; well put it this way; it was large to an insect at least. It was ahead of the insects that there was the large oval shape of the cave mouth. Through that mouth there was an intense bright blue colour. The light coming form the cave mouth was almost blinding to the insects after flying in the dark of the tunnel. What the intense blue that could be seen was will be revealed in a moment. In the meantime; it was at the base of the cave that there was a large pool of crystal clear water. To the left of the pool was a flat and extensive area of white river sand. It was on arrival that Virgil announced. 'Landing on the sand to the left of the pool. Just follow me'. Pearl and Louie did as Virgil had bid. 
It was from an insect's point of view that the cave was indeed exceedingly large. The pool that was at the centre of the cave was being fed from a waterfall. It was a waterfall coming down a rock face that was an integral part of the back of the cave. It was so that the pool remained at a constant level; and was constantly refreshed; that water spilled out of the mouth of the cave.  
Now here was the thing. The blue that could be seen outside the mouth of the cave was in fact the sea. It was the smell of the sea that Louie, Pearl, and the Ten Ants had detected on flying in. None of them had ever seen the sea before; let alone smell it. To elaborate further; the cave that the insects had arrived at was situated high above the sea. This was on a sheer cliff face that rose many thousands of feet above the sea. That is of course remembering that as far as measuring things was concerned; insects have small feet. The floor of the cave was basically flat and wide. Apart from the pool it consisted in the main of pristine soft white sand. What an incredible place for a picnic it was!
The Ten Ants in having climbed down from Virgil; rushed to the edge of the cave mouth to take a look. They then backed off smartly when they saw how high they were above the sea. Louie warned them to be careful. It was to the Ten Ants that the waves of the sea looked like the ripple on the top of a huge blue chocolate biscuit. Yes; the Ten Ants knew all about chocolate biscuits as well as chocolate cake.
Louie and Pearl joined the Ten Ants. It was an amazing sight to behold. It took a bit of time to comprehend. That is in looking out over the vastness of an endless seascape. I guess in part it was because the insect community where they all lived along the stream was so small in the scheme of things. Where they lived along the stream was all they knew. 
Louie, Pearl, and the Ten Ants; this was on having taken a look out across the sea; made their way back to Virgil. This was to thank him for bringing them all to such a wonderful place. He was relaxing on the sand close to the pool. The Ten Ants on having seen the sea were asking Virgil. 'What is it? How far does it go? Why is it there?' 
Truth be known; Virgil didn't really know for sure. All he had done was to discover it. He had a vague knowledge of the sea because of what his father had told him when he was a little dragonfly. Virgil also mentioned that he had flown some distance out over the sea; this was from the mouth of the cave they were in. Even so; it had puzzled him how it seemed to go on forever. 
So it was in having arrived at the picnic place that Virgil detached the container. He then stretched his legs; all six of them in turn; and relaxed on the sand. As far as Virgil was concerned, it was following the flight into the caves that it was good to rest for a while.
It was while Virgil took a well earned break that Pearl fetched lunch from the container. It was then that they all sat together on the sand by the pool. It was over lunch that they talked more about the sea. They also recounted the excitement of the flight through the tunnels. This was as well as to marvel at what they had witnessed in the chamber with the shaft of sunlight.
 It happened to be towards the back of the cave that there was a deserted seagull's nest. None of the insects really knew quite what it was; although it did look like a large bird's nest. The seagull's nest was a great source of interest to the Ten Ants who clambered all over it later on that afternoon.
It was in parts about the walls of the cave that there were small hollowed out ledges. They were ledges that contained soft river sand. They made for an ideal place to have a snooze following lunch. It was during the afternoon that the Ten Ants swam, played, and splashed about in the pool. It was between swims that the Ten Ants moved to laze in the sun. This was at a point where the sunlight entered the cave close to the mouth. Pearl lay down on one of the sandy ledges and snoozed for awhile. This was just as did Louie too. What a paradise.
It was about mid afternoon that Virgil in being free of the container took the opportunity to launch himself off the edge of the cave mouth. It was out from the cave mouth and high above the sea that he glided about effortlessly about in the updrafts off the sea. Yes; it was a truly magic place that the insects had come to.
****
 The afternoon passed quickly. Unfortunately the time was moving on towards four o'clock. This was when it would be time to pack up and leave. It was accordingly that Virgil came in from gliding about outside the cave and called everyone together.
 'Well folks', he said. 'Sad to say we will have to pack up now and leave if we want to get back before dark'.
 Virgil paused a moment. This was before saying. 'Just as a suggestion; we have plenty of food and supplies with us. Why don't we stay here for the night and head back in the morning?'
 The Ten Ants were overcome with excitement at the prospect. As a result they pleaded. 'Yes please. Please could we stay Mr Louie?'
Both Pearl and Louie agreed with what Virgil had proposed. How silly it would be to head back home when everyone was enjoying themselves so much. This was especially so in having flown so far. The weather looked to be settled so it was indeed a case of why not stay the night?
'Brilliant idea Virgil', Louie confirmed. 'Let's do it'.
'I agree too Virgil', Pearl also confirmed. 
As for the Ten Ants; they were dancing about the place "high fiving" with excitement. Actually it's because ants have six legs it might have been more like "high sixing".
'Well that's settled', Virgil pronounced. 'As for me; I'm going back for a bit more flying off the cliff. Let's all come together at half past five. Then we can get things ready for the overnight stay'.
The Ten Ants who were indeed elated at the decision to stay, tore off and dived into the pool once more. Pearl in feeling utter contentment propped herself up on a nice soft bit of sand. This was to read a book she had brought with her. It was a book entitled "Ideal Gums for Moths". It was one in a series of books about oral hygiene. As for Louie; he took it upon himself to do a bit of exploring of the cave on his own.
It was while Louie was exploring the cave that he stopped to look at the seagull's nest. He wondered to himself what sort of bird it might be that could have built such a thing. It was while pondering the origins of the nest that Louie came up with a really good idea. It was an idea that he would reveal to everybody at half past five.
It was by half past five that the sun was lower in the west. On that basis it was shining pretty well directly into the cave. Virgil came in and landed on the sand alongside the pool. It was a signal for all to gather around.
It was with all in attendance that Virgil said. 'It won't be that long until it gets completely dark. It will be three hours at the most I reckon. On that basis we should probably eat fairly soon. That is while we can still see what we are doing'.
This was where Louie came in with what he had thought of earlier in the afternoon. That is when he was inspecting the seagull's nest.
'I've got a really good idea', Louie pronounced. He was dying to tell everybody.
'That nest or whatever it might be is an excellent supply of fire wood. I have brought some matches with me. I suggest we make a fire near the entrance to the cave. Then we can all sit around it and have tea. It will also provide light and keep us warm'.
Well this was just the icing on the cake. Everybody cheered. What a clever thoughtful bee! Louie was correct with his thinking. Not only would lighting a fire keep them all warm but it would provide light for them on into the evening. Pearl gave Louie a big hug to thank him. It has to be said that Louie's yellow stripes turned a little pink with pleasure. Yes; to be hugged by the Queen of the insects was something very special to Louie.
'Fantastic Louie', Virgil confirmed. 'What a brilliant idea'.
So it was that Louie and the Ten Ants busied themselves fetching firewood. This was by basically dismembering the seagull nest. The firewood was then placed close to the mouth of the cave. It was while Louie and the Ten Ants fetched firewood that Pearl busied herself getting a meal ready. This was with the food they had left in Virgil's container. Pearl placed it on a smooth piece of raised rock to act as a table.
It was because of the huge effort that Virgil had made during the day; this was to bring the Ten Ants together with a container load of goodies; that he was ordered to find a nice sandy spot to sit and rest. This is exactly what he did.
It was just after six o'clock that Louie lit the fire. It was as a result that the Ten Ants danced and jumped about the place with excitement. The heavenly smell of wood smoke added to the ambiance of the moment. The fire was soon a mass of flames. Such flames literally radiated the warmth of the sun. The insects; this was apart from Pearl at this stage; had moved in close to gain the benefit of such warmth. It was fairytale magic to see them silhouetted in the light of the burning flames. 
Louie called out to Pearl who was still busying herself doing the meal preparations. He asked her to come and sit in front of the fire. When Pearl had joined the others, Louie passed around the red wine. The Ten Ants didn't like red wine that much. It was instead that they partook in some of Louie's fermented nectar. Louie had thought to bring some for them. It has to be said that the red wine and nectar made everyone feel very pleasant. 
It was by this time that the sun was just about to disappear below the horizon. That is straight out from the cave to the west over the sea. With the sun being in such a position; it was immediately above the horizon that the sky was flooded with a graduated mix of orange and red.  This then graduated to the inky blue of twilight directly above the cave entrance. It was extending across the sea from the horizon that there was a path of gold. The sight beyond the cave mouth was magnificent beyond words. It was then within an instant the sun was gone. It had disappeared below the horizon. Twilight was in the making.  It was then within half an hour or so that through the cave mouth; and beyond the light of the fire; stars could be seen appearing in the black of a night sky.
It was sometime later when all had partaken in a meal; this was about the fire; that Louie stood up. He then said to all, 'I have a special little announcement to make. Just bear with me. I need to fetch something'. 
Louie then went over to the container. He then returned the "something" he had forgotten just after leaving home earlier in the day. The "something" consisted of a small parcel neatly wrapped in rose petals. It was on having fetched the parcel that Louie turned to address Pearl. He said with much feeling in his voice. 'Pearl this is for you as a token of thanks. It's from all of us for what you did to save us from Al Spider. Without you Pearl, none of this wonderful experience today would have been possible'. 
'Oh Louie', Pearl said with a quaver of emotion in her voice. 'You wonderful bee. Thank you to all of you for the parts you played in the terrible two days we all endured. I just couldn't have done it without the help of everyone here'.
It was then that Pearl stood up to address the others. It could be seen how tears of humility were welling in her big black eyes. Having stood, she carefully opened the parcel Louie had given her. Louie as we remember had gained a badge in woodcraft when he was a Bee Scout in his younger days. What he had done was to carve a beautiful figurine of Pearl out of rosewood. He had done an amazing job. It had been polished to a fine gloss with beeswax. There was a small plaque at the base of the figurine on which Louie had inscribed:

Pearl Baker-Moth.
The greatest Moth that has ever lived

Pearl; the Queen of the insects; was overcome with emotion. Virgil, Louie, and the Ten Ants spontaneously broke into song. They sang with much joy and exuberance. 'For she's a jolly good moth'.
'Thank you, thank you, thank you, all of you', Pearl managed to say when the singing had stopped. This was while fighting back tears. 'You are the greatest friends I could ever wish for'.
'A Toast', Louie proclaimed. 'Please raise your glasses, To Pearl Baker-Moth'.
'To Pearl Baker-Moth'. The response echoed about the cave. Somehow the echoing made the moment even more special and magic.
 So it was that on into the night; red wine and nectar flowed.  Louie, Virgil, and the Ten Ants, rejoiced in the presence of their Queen and mentor.
 It was much later; this was when the fire had died to a pile of glowing embers; that tiredness overtook the insects. It was time to bring the most perfect day ever to a close.
Pearl duly retired to the one of soft sandy ledges that she had come across earlier. Louie did the same. Virgil made a hollow for himself in the sand near the fire. The Ten Ants had gathered up pile of soft seagull feathers to sleep on. This was also close to the fire. Soon everyone was sound asleep.
The fire eventually died. All was quiet apart from a gentle snuffling snore from one Louie the bee!
****
It was on the following morning that the insects had chocolate cake for breakfast. This was before making their way home. Chocolate cake was about all that had remained in the way of food. Nobody objected to this - particularly the Ten Ants!
It was on the way back home that Virgil led them out the top of the special chamber. That is the chamber where the sunlight entered to give spectacular effects.  It was from there that they all glided back down over the bush covered hills. This was on down to the stream far below. Once above the stream it was on home again. Nothing much was said. In essence there was a degree of sadness that such a wonderful time had come to an end. It had certainly been two days that would never be forgotten by the intrepid team. Yes the intrepid team that under the guidance of Pearl Baker-Moth had beaten Al Spider and the Valley Barn Gang. 

Chapter 7
Two Years Later

Two years have now passed. That is since the day of the attack by Al Spider. It has been over the summers of those two years in particular that the insect community along the stream has thrived. Virgil Blue has flown many belonging to the insect community up to the hills. This has been to the waterfall and caves for day trips - as well as overnight stays. In fact it has been so successful for Virgil that he partnered with another dragon fly named Virginia. It was quite lovely really. Things developed and they were married a couple of months ago. It has been rumoured that as a sideline the pair may even start up an aircraft factory! That aside; Virgil and Virginia have both worked exceedingly hard to make their air transport service the success it is. 
Apart from Virgil and Virginia's success with their company known as Virgil Blue; Louie at the Factory has become a lot busier and more successful as well. He has been compelled to take on additional staff to cope with extra demand for his services. Because of the extra work the Ten Ants have taken on more of a supervisory role. In fact ten worker bees were employed to take on the work that the ants did previously. In effect each of the Ten Ants runs a working bee.
The worker bees have speeded up the process for Louie and the Ten Ants quite considerably. Apart from speeding up the process; it now means that after washing and cleaning; clients can be blow dried using the beating wings of the bees. Well-done Louie!
Apart from the factory side of things; it has been as a means to assist Louie in the office; that is doing time sheets and other clerical tasks; he has employed a bee of the bumble variety. She is a rather pretty young bumblebee named Lulu. Lulu also helps Louie with Reserve Bank duties at times. In particular this is when Arnold; this is in being a somewhat elderly stick insect; is off sick. 
As to when Lulu came to Louie it was a year or so ago. This was after she had lost her family. She had lost her family in a scrub fire some distance up the stream towards the hills. It was all very sad. Lulu had appealed to Louie for a job because of her circumstances. In being quite an attractive bee she secretly appealed to Louie as well. Yes deep down, Louie was rather attracted to Lulu.
Louie however wouldn't admit to himself that he had employed Lulu because she was an attractive bee; goodness me no. It was purely that Lulu was good at bookkeeping. Truth be known; Louie was always losing the books. On that basis it was appropriate to employ someone who could actually keep them and not lose them.
We now move to a point in time when it was about 10.00 a.m. Location wise we are in Louie's office. Louie has just brought Lulu a cup of tea. This was together with some honey and dandelion-seed muffins. One would think it would be the other way around.  That is that Lulu would be fetching the tea and muffins for Louie. However Lulu was doing some important work. On that basis Louie felt that Lulu shouldn't be disturbed. Well something like that. 
Lulu had asked Louie if she could run over a couple of things in relation to his method of bookkeeping. By the state of the books one might have thought they had been run over already. Anyway; Louie was about to sit down with Lulu when his smellphone rang. It was Pearl Baker-Moth.
'Hi Louie', Pearl had said. 'Do you feel like a bite to eat down at the Nest Café? I would just like to discuss an issue with you that we should probably address'.
It has to be said that meeting up with Pearl suited Louie. This was because Lulu had eaten all the honey and dandelion-seed muffins. On that basis he said. 'Right Pearl; I'll leave now and call into your place. From there we can head to the Nest Café together'.
Louie on having finished the conversation with Pearl talked briefly to Lulu. He explained to her that he had been summoned to go and see Pearl Baker-Moth forthwith.  He also suggested that they leave the stuff that needed to be "run over" to perhaps the afternoon.
'Ooooh', Lulu had responded in a coy sort of fashion. 'Pearl Baker-Moth must be very important'. 
Judging by the "Ooooh" that Lulu had uttered; Louie wasn't quite sure whether she was miffed or impressed. It flashed through his mind that maybe; just maybe; this pretty little bee actually had a liking for him? Louie while secretly wishing that Lulu did like him, apologised for having to depart and headed off to Pearl's place. Lulu and the Ten Ants were then left in charge of the Factory.
So it was that Louie headed down the stream. This was in the direction of Pearl's streetlight apartment. It happened to be a grey overcast sort of day. It was quite cool with the possibility of rain threatening. Louie hoped that it wouldn't rain. This was because raindrops to a bee are somewhat large. They could if one thought about it make flying for a bumblebee a bit of a headache.
Pearl was just emerging from the front door of her apartment when Louie was some distance away. She waved to him as he approached. Louie didn't land. Pearl flew to join him. The pair then descended to the stream and headed off to the Nest Café.
The café was reasonably quiet in being mid-to-late morning. Louie was pleased that his favourite table by the window was available. It was on having seated themselves that Pearl and Louie ordered a coffee. This was together with some chocolate cake. It was while relaxing with their refreshments that they watched out the window at the activities adjacent to the café. The supermarket and the post office were exceedingly busy.
Pearl opened the conversation by saying. 'It really is quite busy out there isn't it Louie. Our community has grown in recent times. In fact it's mainly to do with the fact that the community has grown that I wanted to talk to you. I need your opinion about something. I need to see what you think in relation to taking some action'. 
'Go ahead Pearl', Louie responded feeling quite important.
'Louie', Pearl continued. 'We discussed it briefly a couple of years ago. It was after the attack by Al Spider. We should give consideration to a means of escape via a tunnel at the back of the Reserve Bank. That is in the event of a situation similar to what we endured with Al Spider. I think you would agree with me Louie that the community has indeed grown considerably. The Reserve Bank contains a considerable amount of wealth belonging to the community. On that basis we really should do everything we can to protect that wealth'.
Louie knew that Pearl was correct with what she was saying. However Louie being Louie had procrastinated somewhat in dealing with the matter. This was because of the dollops and scents that it would cost to construct such an escape route.
Pearl sensed that Louie was a bit hesitant. That is in committing to the large amount of expenditure that would be required. She then went on to say. 'As you would know Louie; Sir Cada and Lady Bird have considerable wealth tied up in the Reserve Bank. I was talking to them last week. I believe that they would be interested in investing in an escape tunnel in return for a shareholding in the Bank'.
Louie smiled. He couldn't help but think as he had often done in the past. "What a clever Moth!" Yes; what Pearl had said could indeed be the answer. 
Louie by this time had his governor of the Reserve Bank thinking-cap on. He was quick to realise that Sir Cada would first of all draw out the dollops and scents to pay for the tunnel. Then it would be that whoever built the tunnel would receive the dollops and scents as payment. That payment would then be placed back in the Reserve Bank.
Secretly these things were very complicated to Louie. They frightened him a little. However he now had Lulu who could do bookkeeping. On that basis she could look after all the complicated stuff that he didn't really understand.
Louie in feeling reasonably confident then responded to Pearl. 'You are right Pearl. We do need to build this tunnel. How do we go about approaching Sir Cada?'
'Thanks Louie', Pearl said somewhat relieved. 'I believe Sir Cada and Lady Bird may want to involve another couple of investors on this one. They will in all probability want to meet with you and me at his Country Club'.
'Wow! Sounds good to me' Louie responded. This was on feeling very important that he might be invited to Sir Cada and Lady Bird's Country Club.
'Right; what I will do now Louie; that is now that I know you feel happy with the idea; is to talk to Sir Cada and Lady Bird. I'll come back to you about a possible meeting'.
Louie was quite happy about all this business stuff. It was especially so with the possibility that other investors might be coming onboard as well. This would make his position of being governor of the Reserve Bank even more important. Yes the insect community was growing and Louie was part of it.
It is while Louie and Pearl are sitting enjoying the remainder of their morning tea that the opportunity can be taken to enlighten the reader. In particular this is as to what and where exactly Sir Cada and Lady Bird's Country Club was. First of all it needs to be known that through the village of our story there runs a railway line. It's also within the village that there is a rather nice little "village sized" railway station. 
The next thing that needs to be known is that some distance away along the railway line; this is to the northwest of the village; there is another railway station. It's here that incorporated within the station there is a restaurant. It's a "lovely" restaurant in being located in the fresh air and green fields of the countryside. People hop on the train to attend the restaurant and thus escape the pressures of life itself.
Getting back to the Country Club that Sir Cada and Lady Bird attend; the place in question has been set up in the ceiling of the aforementioned railway station. It happens to be above the restaurant. Now as to why the insects have set up a Country Club in such a place is for good reason. For one it is out in the country.  Let's face it; one can't have a country club without it being out in the countryside; can one. Then most important of all; it's with the restaurant being below; there is a marvellous supply of good things such as red wine, chocolate cake, and other goodies.
Just as it was with the owners of the cake shop in the village; the owners of the restaurant at the countryside railway station were puzzled at times. This was as to how bits of chocolate cake and other selected items of food disappeared. However in being of relatively small quantities they didn't really mind.
So it was that in the ceiling of the country railway station; the aristocratic members of the insect community had set up really quite marvellous premises. This was complete with bars, lounges, and meeting rooms. There were extensive views; this was via a hole in the roof; out across a rural scene. Members of the Club could relax and look out across to the pavilion at the Club's cricket ground. Cricket wasn't actually played here; it was more like where crickets played.
Sir Cada was the president of the Country Club. In being relatively wealthy and not having much to do he spent quite a bit of time relaxing here.
Of course the question arises as to how did the insects of the streamside community; amongst others for that matter; get to the Country Club. That is when it was so far away?
For Sir Cada and Lady Bird it was quite simple. They both flew down to the village railway station and "caught" a train. Yes all that they had to do was to wait for a train to come along and stop at the village station. It was then off to the Club that they went. Actually it has to be said that most of the flying insects of the streamside community used the train service at one time or another. The idea was to either find a near empty carriage and to fly in when the doors were open; or to get into the engine driver's cab where it was nice and warm. To most insects; the engine drivers cab was the best option. This was because while the engine driver was driving the train there was always the possibility of getting into his or her cut lunch; and having a snack. Oh to be an insect!
Having digressed; let's get back to Louie and Pearl at the Nest Cafe. They have now finished morning tea. This is together with the discussing of issues at hand. 
'Right', Pearl had said. 'Good to see you Louie. I must get back to my apartment and make a list of what needs to be done. Give me a couple of days to organise things with Sir Cada and Lady Bird. When I have I'll get back to you'.
So it was with the meeting over; Pearl headed back to her apartment. Louie headed down stream to the Reserve Bank. Having arrived he had a good look at the area where the escape tunnel might go. His reason for having a look was because deep down he felt a little apprehensive. In all reality Louie felt a little nervous about the pending meeting. This was because he was an exceedingly humble bee. It was because of this that he tended to feel a little inferior when in the presence of the likes of Sir Cada and Lady Bird.  Yes; Louie had taken the opportunity to look at the tunnel site for what he felt to be good reason. He felt he needed to be as knowledgeable a bee about the whole issue of the tunnel as possible.
To Louie on having looked at where the tunnel might go there were seemingly two options. One was to run the tunnel under the scrub and bush of the reserve to a clear area to the west. The other was to run the tunnel north alongside the stream to the area beside the Nest Café and supermarket. Louie could see how the first option would cost less because it was shorter. The second option would be more expensive and would also have the problem of where to dispose of the tunnel excavations. That is without drawing too much attention to what was going on. 
'A lot to think about', Louie had said to himself with a sigh.
It was on having carried out an aerial survey that Louie turned and headed back in the direction of the Factory. It was about halfway there that he changed his mind about returning to the factory. It was instead that he called in at his home. Having done so, he relaxed on his sundeck and thought more about the tunnel. This was before having some lunch and a snooze sometime later. This was no problem because Lulu and the Ten Ants were more than capable of looking after the Factory. Yes; it was such that Louie could relax a bit more now that the Factory had grown in size. Even so; it was about mid afternoon that he headed back to the Factory.

Chapter 8
A Meeting About The Tunnel is Called

We now move to what happened to be a Tuesday. Time wise it was about 9.00 a.m. Louie was at the particular time we refer to, still at home. Normally he would have been at the Factory. He was still at home because unfortunately his dishwasher wasn't working. Yes Rose was sick. On that basis Louie had to do the house work; this was as well as dishes and stuff that Rose would have normally done on a Tuesday.
It was while Louie was busying himself at home that Pearl phoned. She had phoned to say that the meeting; this was the one that had been discussed a day or so earlier; had been organised for Thursday midday. There was to be a conference over lunch at the Country Club. That is to discuss the tunnel project and formulate a plan of action.
Pearl suggested that on the day of the meeting that Louie call into her apartment at 10.30 a.m. It would be there that she would brief him as to the agenda. She would also bring him up to date as to who would be in attendance. Pearl had added that subsequent to the briefing they would catch the 11.20a.m train. This was to be with Sir Cada and Lady Bird. 
'Louie before you go', Pearl added. 'It's because of protocol at the Country Club that you will need to dress accordingly. You will need to wear a bow tie. I'd also suggest that to go with the tie that you wear those rather natty looking spider silk shorts with braces that I know you have. They are fairly strict about dress at the Country Club'. 
'Okay; will do', Louie responded. This was while trying to disguise a sigh of frustration. 
The reason that Louie had sighed was that he was a bee that liked to keep things simple. He hated having to dress formally. He hated wearing clothes such as Pearl had asked him to do. Even so; Louie would do anything to please his good friend and mentor Pearl Baker-Moth. 
It was on having finished the conversation with Pearl that Louie cursed to himself. He had cursed to himself that Rose was sick. Because of her absence he would now have to wash and press his shorts himself. Then there was the problem of actually finding his braces and bow tie. He hadn't worn them since attending the Moth Ball the previous year.
'Never mind', Louie had muttered to himself with a further sigh. 'This is an important meeting. I really do have to look to be an important business type of bee'.
****
It was on the Thursday morning; that is the day of the meeting; that Louie didn't attend the Factory. He felt a little embarrassed about being dressed in his spider silk shorts. That is complete with braces and bow tie. Besides which Lulu and the Ten Ants were perfectly capable of running the operation for the day.
It was in having decided not to call in at the Factory that Louie had the time to have a leisurely breakfast. It was following breakfast that he then sat out on his sundeck in the sunshine. It was there that he thought about the pending meeting and tunnel project. Louie couldn't help thinking to himself what a shame it was that things needed to become complicated. That is because of the community having grown larger. Louie's thinking was along the lines of "If only things could stay the same?" His reasoning was that if things did stay the same; all the complications of bringing in investors, contracts, contractors, meetings, and other pressures in relation to the tunnel could be avoided. It was while thinking such thoughts that he looked at the stream below him. There it was forever flowing in all its placidness. Nobody was telling it what to do. There were no complications in the stream's life. Yes; Louie thought to himself. "That's how I would like life to be".
'This won't do', Louie then muttered to himself. 'After all I am the governor of the Reserve Bank. I am a business sort of bee. On that basis I must support my good friend Pearl Baker-Moth to the best of my ability'. 
It was on having pulled himself together that Louie pushed all thoughts of complacency out of his mind.
'Right', Louie pronounced somewhat forcefully to himself. 'It's time for me to get dressed and head off to Pearl Baker-Moth's apartment'. 
Louie was right. It was getting on towards just after 10.00a.m. It was having changed ready for the Country Club that Louie emerged in his smart neatly pressed spider silk shorts. This was complete with braces. Louie in being a somewhat round bumblebee needed braces to keep his shorts in the up position. He was also sporting quite a large bow tie. The bow tie was black with yellow dots to match his stripes.
It has to be said that Louie looked immaculate. In fact with his natty shorts and braces he looked not unlike a member of a barber shop quartet! Hmmm; for fear of embarrassing the poor chap, we won't tell him that. 
Louie in making an attempt to give the appearance of a business type bee was carrying a black brief case. It was in his briefcase that there were some notes he had written. It was in spite of a lot of thought about what to write in his notes; Louie hadn't got past a reminder to fetch some more TG Tips at the supermarket. Even so; in all fairness to Louie; it was on catching sight of him dressed in his shorts and bow tie; this was complete with black brief case; he was a very smart looking bee indeed.
So it was that Louie took off for Pearl's apartment. It was along the way; this was while flying just above the stream surface; that he repeated to himself several times: 

"Today I have to be a strong and fearless bee.
I have to be someone who really isn't me".

Louie duly arrived at Pearl's apartment on time. That is at 10.30 a.m. Sir Cada and Lady Bird were already in attendance. Pearl welcomed Louie. To encourage him she told him how wonderful he looked. 
'Take a seat Louie; make yourself comfortable', Pearl had said on ushering Louie on inside. 'You know Sir Cada and Lady Bird; I'll just fetch my notes'. 
Louie in not really knowing what to say said 'Hi'. This was to Sir Cada and Lady Bird. Sir Cada and Lady Bird responded with, 'How do you do Mr Louie'. It was then that they shook hands - or was it feet. One never knows with insects. Anyway; it was then that Sir Cada went on to say; this was with the finest of educated accents. 'I say; what wonderful weather we are having don't you think?'
'It's lovely', Louie responded somewhat dubiously. This was while wondering where Sir Cada must have been when it had rained all day the day before. Sir Cada then went on to enlighten Louie how "fwightfully" well his son and daughter had done at Fly School. That is over the past year or so. Then it was because of such success they were going on to do medicine at upper Fly School the following year.
Louie secretly thought to himself that it might be better if they took some medicine instead of doing medicine. Yes; poor Louie in being the humble uncomplicated bee that he was, felt uncomfortable in these situations.
It was fortunately for Louie that at that moment Pearl came back with her notes. This before Sir Cada could enquire as to what sort of "degwee" Louie had studied for.
'Please come and sit around the table', Pearl had said. She looked resplendently beautiful. She certainly was the Queen of the insects. Louie felt relieved that Pearl was in control. This was because on that basis he wouldn't be asked questions that he couldn't answer. Pearl first of all confirmed with Sir Cada that a meeting room had been booked and that lunch had been arranged. 
Yes; what a silly question by Pearl. Of course it was that Sir Cada had arranged everything. It was then that everyone in attendance had to hear several times with whom he had arranged it all. This was not to mention how long Sir Cada had known the person in question and what a dependable chappy whoever it was, was! 
Pearl; this was somewhat patiently; waited for Sir Cada to finish what he was saying. This was before outlining who were to be the other attendees at the pending meeting. They were to be as follows:
1)White Ant Excavators Ltd, 
2)Overland Transporters Ltd, 
3)Handover Finance Ltd, 
4)Honey Corp Finance Ltd 
5)Then last but not least it was for contract documentation that there was to be the legal firm Moore, Payper and Staff Ltd.
'It will be at the meeting today', Pearl continued. 'That White Ant Excavators will give a presentation on how they will carry out the work. This is to be in conjunction with Overland Transporters Ltd. White Ant Excavators will put forward a construction proposal and the associated cost for acceptance by the investors'.
'Quite quite; jolly good Pearl', Sir Cada said in acknowledgement. It was then following a nudge from Sir Cada that Lady Bird nodded in approval.
Pearl then continued. 'Moore, Payper, and Staff will have documents ready for signing once all parties are happy to proceed. Louie; once we know the financial requirements for the project we will need you to confirm that the Reserve Bank has sufficient reserves to release funds for payment'.
'Right; sounds good to me', Louie confirmed. He didn't want to say anymore in case he was asked things he didn't understand and couldn't answer.
It was then that Sir Cada started to say. 'You know; when I was a young lad?'
Pearl quickly interjected before Sir Cada got too far down the path of his days as a young lad. She said somewhat tactfully. 'Goodness me look at the time. We must all get down to the train before we miss it'.
'Oh', Sir Cada had responded somewhat disappointed. 'I guess we must. We don't want to be late now do we? It would be fwightfully embarrassing if we didn't turn up, wouldn't it Pearl?'
Sir Cada laughed at his own inane joke. This was in what was a series of sharp intakes of breath syncopated with a series of snorts. It might be added that this was while looking about for approval.
Louie sighed quietly to himself. His face portrayed a sort of "what-am-I-doing-here" look. Pearl on noting the look on Louie's face smiled a tolerantly watery smile. She also flashed Louie a wink of understanding. It was then before there was anymore nonsense from Sir Cada that Pearl said; this was with a degree of firmness. 'Let's go'.
It was once out in the sun and fresh air again that Louie felt better. He enjoyed the flight on down to the station. In fact everyone did. It was truly "lovely" flying down the stream to the village. This was particularly so in it being a fine and sunny day.
It was as the foursome flew on that they passed the Nest Café and supermarket. It was then on past the Reserve Bank. They chatted amongst themselves and felt a little more at ease. It was as though flying together had broken down any barriers. Seemingly they were all on equal terms. 
Sir Cada and Lady Bird were leading the way. Louie and Pearl were flying side by side close behind. On it was beneath the village bridge that they went. It was then while flying well above people and cars that it was on down the High Street to the railway station. It was here they alighted on the station veranda roof and waited. It was rather pleasant sitting in the sun.
Louie was very careful not to get his spider-silk shorts dirty. On that basis he carefully chose where he sat. The train duly arrived on time. The four insects then took off together and flew into the engine driver's cab. They were off to the Country Club at last. Louie had certainly brightened up considerably. He was quite peckish. This was as bumblebees tended to be at such a time of the day. Lunch wasn't far away now! The train sped along through fields and countryside. The station where the Country Club was located was reached within about half an hour.
It was on having arrived at the railway station; that is the one out in the countryside; that the team flew out of train driver's cab and off the train. It was then on up into "The Club" located in the ceiling of the station. It was on having entered The Club that Sir Cada; who seemingly had everything under control; talked to a "cricket chappy". That is a chappy that was a cricket. Sir Cada made inquiries as to the status of the meeting room that had been booked. Seemingly it was to be available within about ten minutes. Lunch was to be served straight away for all the participating members.
It was in the meantime that while waiting in the lobby there were quite a few club members milling about and coming and going. Sir Cada and Lady Bird were in their element with many utterances of, "Nice to see you". "Well fancy that". "Here for an important meeting you know". "Have you met Louie?" 
The "Have you met Louie" bit meant that Louie was constantly being pestered with "How lovely to meet you and what do you do?" Poor Louie; he felt like a fish out of water.
Most of the members knew Pearl. This was because she was a member of the Club. On that basis she was engaged talking to others. This was while Louie was left floundering a little. That is while trying to talk sensible conversation apart from the weather.
Fortunately for Louie he didn't have to wait long. It was once the meeting room had become available; and the other meeting representatives were all in attendance; that they filed into the meeting room. Louie was most impressed; the food that had been put in place on the table was magnificent. There were fresh salads, plenty of honey, red wine, white wine, chocolate cake, and muffins. Then there was other food and cake that Louie had never tried let alone seen before.
Louie was sitting next to Pearl much to his relief. In having Pearl next to him he could at least have someone to talk to. Well in particular someone that he knew to talk to. 
'Isn't this wonderful', Pearl had said to Louie on sitting at the table 'It's a wonderful place to come to'.
'Gosh yes', Louie responded in never having seen so much food in one place before.
It was in readiness to eat that Louie picked up his serviette. It was a serviette made from a neatly cut white lily flower petal. He then tucked a corner of his serviette between his bow tie and his neck. Pearl in having fortunately sat next to Louie; discretely removed the serviette from Louie's neck. She then placed it on his lap or "gap" as we came to learn sometime ago. Pearl then whispered to Louie. 'This is the way we do it you loveable bee'. This was while squeezing his arm.
Yes; what a wonderful creature Pearl was. She treated all her subjects as being equal.
****
The insects that were sitting about the table thoroughly enjoyed their lunch. It was when all in attendance had eaten that Pearl called the meeting to order. It was then that over the forthcoming afternoon that the items on the agenda were discussed and agreed upon. This was one by one. The process took until something like 4.00p.m for everything to be signed and ready to go. 
It had been agreed that the option to excavate a tunnel from the back of the Reserve Bank; this was west out to the edge of the Reserve; was the best. This had found favour mainly because there was plenty of land to spread the excavations about the place. That is without attracting too much attention. White Ant Excavators Ltd was to carry out the excavation work below ground. The representative from the company went on to explain that from an operational point of view; carpenter ants would shore up the tunnel. This was while bulldog ants worked at the digging face. Then it would be that a large contingent of army ants would carry the diggings out. It was also explained that the tunnel would be lined with a clay mortar and then pointed to look like bricks. Louie was most impressed by all this just as was Pearl.
It was agreed that to prevent drawing attention to the project; this was by having great piles of earth around the entrance to the tunnel; that White Ant Excavators would employ Overland Transporters Ltd. This was to distribute the extracted earth. It was to work like this. Overland transporters employed a large team of daddy-long-legs. The daddy-long-legs were to pick up extracted material and run off with it. Having done so, they were to then drop it bit by bit in the surrounding area. For the reader to perhaps grasp what this might look like; a camel race with three hundred camels comes to mind!
Well it has to be said that the meeting had brought about a successful outcome. So it was that with the meeting finished; all the insects in attendance joined at the bar for drinks and socialising. It was about 5.00p.m when Pearl joined Louie for a moment. She said to him 'Louie I think I will stay on for a while and catch-up with a few friends. Some that are here I haven't seen in a while. Please feel free to stay too'.
'Thanks for the kind offer Pearl', Louie responded. 'But I think I will head off home'.
Pearl hugged Louie. She whispered in his ear. 'I understand Louie. I know that this is not your scene. Even so, I felt proud of you with the contribution you made to the meeting. We'll catch up in the next day or so. Thanks again Louie'.
****
It was on having said goodbye to Pearl that Louie caught the next train back to the village. It was then that in the late afternoon sun that he flew back up the stream. He felt down. Louie was a very sensitive and loving bee. He felt that he just didn't fit into the scene at the Country Club. It was because of this that Louie couldn't help but feel a little lonely. A tear welled up in his eye as he flew low along the stream.
"What's wrong with me", Louie had said to himself. 'I'm just a failure. I'll never be like them'.
Louie tried to cheer himself up by thinking about all he had with the Factory. This was as well as the responsibilities of managing the Reserve Bank. It helped a little for him to do so. In fact in having reflected on the Factory and the Reserve Bank; Louie said to himself. "What I will do is head on upstream to the Factory. It will be there that I will reflect on what a wonderful little operation it is that I have there. It's my world. It's nobody else's. That will make me feel better!"
Louie on feeling happier with the decision that he had made, carried on up the stream. This was on past his home and onto the Factory. It was to Louie's surprise that on arrival he found Lulu to be still there. Lulu was deeply engrossed in doing the tax return for the Factory. Her reason for doing so was that Louie had stuffed it up earlier. This was because he thought a tax return was something where tax was returned. On that basis it would mean more dollops and scents in the bank. Lulu was deeply engrossed in reversing the entries Louie had made. In being lost in thought she hadn't noticed Louie arrive. 
It was on entering the office area of the Factory that Louie stood looking at Lulu for a moment. She had a pink ribbon tied in a bow about her head. To Louie she was an exceedingly pretty bee. 
Louie spoke. 'Hi Lulu; gosh you are still here. You should be home by now'.
Lulu jumped with surprise. She laughed before saying. 'Sorry I didn't know you were there Mr Louie. I wanted to get this work finished for you by tomorrow as a surprise'.
Louie in being somewhat overcome with Lulu's thoughtfulness responded. 'That's truly wonderful of you Lulu'.  
'Have you had a good day Mr Louie?' Lulu ventured to ask. 
'Yes Lulu', Louie replied a little unconvincingly. 'The meeting went fine'.
Louie was silent for a moment. Feelings of despair had overtaken him once again. They were welling up inside him. His big imploring eyes had filled with tears. He looked at Lulu for a moment. This was where she was sitting with her back to him while attending to the tax return. It was then with a craving for friendship and support that he blurted out. 'Lulu I just feel so useless. I don't fit in with the crowd at the Country Club'. 
Louie in being unable to hold back let his emotions come to the fore. Tears rolled down his face. This was before running on down his black and yellow furry stripes. He apologised profusely to Lulu for letting his emotions get the better of him. It was in the process that he said with a voice that faltered. 'I am so sorry to break down like this Lulu. I just feel so alone and I don't know what to do'.
Lulu stood up from where she was sitting and went over to Louie. She gently held his arm to reassure him. 'It's alright Mr Louie. We all love you. We don't think you are useless'.
'Please call me Louie', Louie pleaded. He looked into Lulu's appealing eyes. She had tears too.
'Lulu', Louie continued while just about breaking down again. 'I don't know how to say this and I don't want to embarrass you but?'
'But what Louie?' Lulu pleaded in a whisper. This was while once again squeezing Louie's arm as if to get him to respond.
Louie couldn't hold back something he had wanted to say for a long time. It came out in a flood of emotion and tears. 'I love you Lulu. I have done so from the very first day that I saw you'.
Louie didn't know what to expect on having blurted out what he had. Even so; he couldn't hide his love for Lulu any more.
Lulu in being slightly shorter than Louie looked up at him. She looked straight into his eyes. 'I love you too Louie. I have been secretly hoping something could happen for months now. I really do love you too. Please understand Louie that you are not useless. You are the finest most considerate and loving bee I have ever met'.
Right then it was as if there were only two bees in the entire world. Louie held Lulu close to him. It was once again that he said with much passion and feeling. 'Lulu I love you more than I could ever put into words. I'm not that clever with words but please understand that I do love you'.
It was while the two lovers embraced that they came together in a lingering kiss. The wonderful thing about two bumblebees in love is that apart from having two feet to stand on; they have four arms to hug each other. Very passionate it is.
It was Louie who ultimately spoke first. He was on a high. What a day it had been of going from the lows to highs! He then said. 'Lulu let me take you to the Nest Cafe. We can have a meal. Then maybe if you would like to we can dance and be together until the small hours of the morning!' 
'Oh yes yes yes', Lulu pleaded. 'I couldn't think of anything better to do'.
'Right you beautiful bee', Louie responded. 'Let's go!'
So it was that hand in hand, Louie and Lulu made their way to the portal. It was as they did that momentarily Louie brought himself back to the present and reality. He looked back at the factory for a moment. Yes; it was where he belonged. The Country Club meant nothing in the scheme of things. 
Louie in being happy that the Factory was secure held Lulu close to him for a moment. The pair paused briefly to once again look into one another's eyes. They were both in another world of being carefree and happy.
It was finally that Louie and Lulu; this was hand in hand; launched themselves into the evening air. It was then that they headed on down to the stream. They glanced at each other as they flew in the twilight on to the Nest Café.
****
The Nest Café was humming. There was a live band playing jazz. Louie's favourite table wasn't available but who cared! There was a magic feel to the place. Such ambience was added to by the soft yellow light of beeswax candles. This was on the tables and about the walls. 
Louie and Lulu sat in a booth rather than at a table. The pair remained quiet for awhile. This was while holding hands and looking into each other's eyes. It was magic to do so while taking in the sounds of the chatter of the patrons. This was as well as the music of the live band. It truly was magic for the two newly found lovers.
Louie and Lulu danced until after midnight. It is rumoured that Lulu stayed over at Louie's house that night - and this wasn't to do things like tax returns either. Wonderful! 

Chapter 9
Lulu meets Pearl

A few weeks have now passed since Louie and Lulu came together. It's as we commence this chapter that Louie has dropped in at Pearl's apartment. He has done so as to checkout what the situation is with the construction of the tunnel from the back of the bank. It was following the meeting at the Country Club that construction was due to be commenced within a month. Louie in having been smitten by Lulu had in all reality forgotten all about the tunnel. In calling in on Pearl it was with a slightly guilty conscience that he asked if he should be doing anything. That is in relation to the tunnel project.
It was when Louie had asked Pearl if he should be "doing anything" that she didn't answer the question immediately. Instead she went on to say. 'Louie I haven't seen you since the meeting. There seems to be something different about you. Something has changed. When I opened the door to let you in you were humming to yourself. I've never heard you do that before. Then; when you came in you tripped on the doormat as if your mind was preoccupied with something else. I have to say also that when you said good morning to me; you did so with much happiness and assertiveness. What's up Louie? It's almost as though you are a different bee; and it has to be said; a rather nice bee at that'.
It was in response to what Pearl had said that Louie became a little bashful. In fact some of his yellow stripes turned a delicate shade of pink. It was then that he explained to Pearl his newfound relationship with Lulu. 
It was in response to what Louie had said that Pearl; this was with much warmth in her voice; said. 'Louie that is just wonderful for you. You really are a dark horse you loveable bee. I'm just so happy for you and Lulu'.
Pearl Baker-Moth then gave Louie a hug of approval. Pearl had known for some time that deep down Louie was a lonely and somewhat shy bee. He also lacked confidence. The change she could see in him on his arrival at her apartment was phenomenal. She knew only too well that it would do him a great deal of good to have a partner that he could love and cherish - and be loved and encouraged in return.
'Pearl', Louie went on to explain. 'I love Lulu so much. Please could I bring her here to meet you?' 
Yes; it was on asking Pearl about Lulu that Louie had the most imploring look on his face.
'Oh Louie; you loveable bee', Pearl responded. 'I'm dying to meet Lulu. Why don't you go and fetch her now?'
'Could I really!' Louie exclaimed with much excitement.
'Of course you can', Pearl confirmed with a smile a mile wide. 'In fact bring her back here so the three of us can talk about the tunnel project'.
Louie, whose heart was bursting with pride, said. 'You will love her Pearl. I will go and fetch her now'.
Louie was off. He powered up his wings and headed on down to the stream. This was from Peal's streetlight apartment. It was on the way down to the stream that Louie did a couple of loop the loops. It was as he did that he yelled for the entire world to hear. 'Yippee!!' 
Louie on having arrived at the Factory raced on inside. He waved to the Ten Ants before heading on into the office where Lulu was sitting and working. Louie grabbed Lulu from behind. He hugged her. Lulu was a bit overcome by all this. Even so; it has to be said that she didn't really mind at all! It was then that she stood up from her chair. She said to Louie. 'What have I done to deserve this?'
Louie held Lulu close to him. He whispered in her ear with much excitement. 'Pearl Baker-Moth wants to meet you now'.
'Pearl Baker-Moth!' Lulu protested. This was while laughing at the same time. 'But I haven't got my best ribbon on or my best clothes you silly bee'.
'No I mean it!' Louie said emphatically. 'Just come as you are'.
'Oh Louie; you wonderful bee', Lulu responded. 'Just wait a minute and let me make myself look presentable. P-l-e-a-se can you Louie!'
'Alright', Louie confirmed. 'I won't stop you. I have to say that you look simply beautiful the way you are. I'll wait in the office for you'.
Lulu was back within a minute or two. She smiled somewhat coyly at Louie. She then took his arm in hers and said. 'I am ready to go my handsome bee!' 
Louie spoke briefly to Import before setting out for Pearl's place. This was to let him know where they would be. The Ten Ants were really pleased for Louie and Lulu. They were especially pleased now that Louie for some reason had seemed to have forgotten all about time sheets. This was as well as other things that occasionally got the Ten Ants into a spot of bother!
So it was with Import left in charge of the Factory that Louie turned and smiled at Lulu. He took her hand before they flew together out the portal of the Factory. It was then along the stream before climbing on up to Pearl's apartment. 
Lulu in having never met Pearl before was quite taken aback by just how strikingly beautiful Pearl was. It was on catching sight of such resplendent beauty that Lulu instinctively curtseyed. She did so in a shy and humble way. 
It was with a smile that radiated sunshine itself that Pearl said to Lulu. 'Hello Lulu. I'm just so glad to meet you. Louie hasn't been able to stop talking about you!' 
Pearl then embraced Lulu in a hug that expressed much feeling and approval. Pearl also whispered in Lulu's ear. 'Believe me; Louie is a wonderful loving bee. I know you two will be very happy'.
Lulu looked directly up at Pearl and said. 'Oh thank you Mam. I do love him'.
'Please call me Pearl', Pearl implored. . 
It was then on turning to address Louie that Pearl said. 'Come out onto the sundeck you two. This is a very special occasion. I believe a little red wine would be quite in order!'
Lulu uttered a couple of "Oooos" of coy delight. Louie put his arm around Lulu to usher her out onto the sundeck. It was there that the trio relaxed in the sun. The conversation bubbled with the happiness of the occasion.
Pearl raised her glass of red wine and pronounced. 'My best wishes to you both'.
'Thanks so much Pearl', Louie responded.
Lulu's eyes had misted up with emotion before she uttered. 'Thank you, Thank you Pearl; it is such a privilege to know you'.
Pearl smiled. Yes; she couldn't help thinking to herself what a lovely bee Lulu was. She knew only too well that she would make Louie very happy.
'Right', Pearl pronounced at length. 'It's on with the business at hand. That is the commencement of the tunnel project'.
Pearl picked up some notes she had with her. She then went on to say. 'Today week; that's next Monday; White Ant Excavators will be on site ready to commence the tunnel. Part of the contract states that they receive progress payments in advance each week. Louie can it be arranged that the appropriate payments are made available each Monday. That is until the project is finished?'
Louie was about to say something along the lines of, "Ah err yes, I don't think that would be a problem", when Lulu interjected to say. 'Yes it's all arranged with Arnold to make the payments every Monday. That is until the project is finished. I have arranged it so that Arnold forwards the documentation to me for checking and approval. Louie will then authorise it before the payment is made'.
Louie reached to squeeze Lulu's hand. He couldn't help but think what a great team they would make together. Let's face it; Louie had been a bit reticent over recent weeks. This had been the case because his mind had been preoccupied with a certain rather pretty bee. He had forgotten to do things that he should have. His beloved Lulu had saved the day! 
'That's just great', Pearl said in response to Lulu. 'You two are certainly on the ball'. Hmmm; Louie squeezed Lulu's hand once again. 
Pearl went on to say that there would be a brief meeting at the Country Club in three weeks time. This was to discuss progress and ensure that the stakeholders were happy.
'I think you should both attend the meeting with me', Pearl said. This was in knowing that Louie's new found confidence depended on a certain bee being with him! 
Louie was quite excited about the prospect. As far as he was concerned there would be nothing better than to have Lulu there with him at his side this time. He felt so proud of her.
So it was that two special bumblebees; and the most special moth in the world; had a pleasant chat in the sunshine about tunnels and things. It was finally that Pearl said. 'Well; having now met Lulu; why don't you two do what you have to for the rest of the morning. Then let's meet for lunch; say at 1.00p.m at the Nest Café'.
'Wonderful', Louie confirmed. 'Let's do just that'.
It was following the meeting with Pearl that Louie and Lulu headed back in the direction of the Factory. It was about halfway there that Lulu said to Louie. 'Louie, can we stop of at your place just for a moment. That is before we head for the Factory?'
Louie in wondering what Lulu had in mind said, 'Sure; I'll do anything for you Lulu', 
It was when the happy couple had arrived at Louie's house that they stood together for a moment. This was outside in the sunshine on the sundeck. It was peaceful and quiet. There was just the gentle; almost imperceptible; sound of the stream flowing past below them. Lulu held Louie to her ever so tightly. She looked up into his eyes and said. 'Louie I just wanted a private moment with you before we get back to the Factory. I just want to say to you what a wonderful bee you are to take me to see Pearl Baker-Moth. I just feel so honoured. My family was never very well off. I have never known anything like this. I don't really know how I can deserve to be so happy?'
Louie sighed in response to what Lulu had said. This was while gently stroking the soft black fur on her head. This was what bumblebees in love do. 'Oh Lulu', Louie pronounced at length. It was while looking into her eyes that he continued by saying. 'You are so beautiful Lulu. I love you so much. I really wonder what I have done to deserve someone like you. I have tried so hard at various things during my life. Ultimately I have never proved to be a particularly clever bee. Maybe it's you who deserves better?'
'Oh no; not at all Louie', Lulu responded somewhat emphatically. 'It's not cleverness, qualifications, wealth, or any of those things that really matter. It's being sensitive about others and being kind. That is what you are Louie'.
It was then that Louie held Lulu at arm's length. It was once again that he looked into Lulu's eyes. Louie was strong, calm, and collected. He spoke softly in a plea when he said. 'Lulu would you marry me?'
It was in reaction to what Louie had said that Lulu's eyes filled with tears. It was for a moment that she sobbed uncontrollably. It was then on having collected her thoughts that she said. 'Yes, yes, oh yes Louie'.
What a magic moment it was. Time passed. Many minutes ticked by unnoticed as two bees in love expressed their feelings. It was then that Louie suddenly realised what the time was. It was with some urgency that he said to Lulu. 'Lulu it's just about one o'clock. We're due to meet with Pearl. Let me dry your eyes. We need to head to the Nest Café. Let's let Pearl know that we are engaged to be married. Let's do it!'
Lulu smiled up at Louie. It was somewhat mischievously that she said. 'Yes my husband to be. Let's go and advise Pearl'.
So it was that the happy pair flew off to the Nest Café to meet with Pearl. It was there that they informed her of the latest developments. Not unnaturally Pearl asked the question. 'When will the wedding be?' 
'We haven't decided yet', Louie responded. He then looked at Lulu and said. 'How about spring?'
'Yes', Lulu said while scrunching her hands; or whatever it is that pretty little bumblebees scrunch. 'Oh yes please Louie; that would be just wonderful'.
'Well', Pearl said. 'If there is anything I can do to help you two just let me know'.
****
It was following what had been an exceedingly happy lunch at the Nest Café that Pearl flew back to her apartment. Louie and Lulu headed back to the Factory to complete the tasks for the day.
It was on having arrived back at the Factory that Lulu continued with the tax return. This was while Louie called a meeting with the Ten Ants to discuss production issues. The main purpose of the meeting was however to inform the Ten Ants that he would be marrying Lulu. It was on hearing the good news that the Ten Ants cheered. It was in unison that there was a proclamation of. 'Hooray for Mr Louie and Lulu!'
It was finally at the meeting that Louie addressed the Ten Ants and said. 'This special occasion calls for a celebration. I'd suggest going and organising your working bees to carry on with the work. When you have; then come back in my office. We can break out the red wine, chocolate cake, and honey. I also have plenty of my honey nectar for the ten of you as well!'
Quite frankly The Ten Ants were elated with Louie's suggestion. It was accordingly that they rushed off; just as ants tend to do; to get things organised. They were back in Louie's office in a flash.
It was from mid afternoon onwards that there was quite a little party in Louie's office. Lulu had not unnaturally joined Louie. A totally relaxed Louie chatted and mingled with the Ten Ants - as did Lulu. They were a great team.
 It was by about 6-00p.m that the worker bees had long since left for the day. In not wishing to outstay their welcome; the Ten Ants wished Louie and Lulu the best for the future. This was before heading down to their home beneath the floor of the shed. It was subsequently that Louie and Lulu tidied up the office. This was before leaving for the night.
It was just before leaving that Louie held Lulu close to him. He said with a certain amount of firmness in his voice. 'Well my wife to be; you are coming home with me!'
'Oh yes please', Lulu implored. 'Let's head home Louie'.
So it was that the happy pair flew out the shed portal and on into the cool evening air. The sun by this time was low in the west. It was against the golden glow of the setting sun that could be seen the silhouette of two happy bees. There they were flying close together on to Louie's home. It was a home that was now Lulu's as well.
Thus ends a very, very, special day in the life of Louie the bee. 

Chapter 10
Strange Happenings

It is now early winter. Two months have passed since Louie and Lulu came together. The Factory is quiet in being winter. It is operating only one or two days a week. Many insects together with other small creatures have hibernated for a few months. Some of the butterflies that reside along the stream have even flown off to warmer climes.
It has been in recent times that of an evening; Louie and Lulu have spent a great deal of time snuggled up together on the couch in front of their stove. With it often being cold and rainy; many a pleasant evening has been spent watching Fly TV. Sometimes it has been instead of watching Fly TV that Louie and Lulu have simply sat together.  This has been to wile away the time watching the dancing shadows about the room. That is shadows generated by the fire in the stove; not to mention the shadows generated by the beeswax candles they used for lighting. It would be while doing so that apart from much canoodling they would discuss and plan their future together.
It was apart from the snuggling stuff in the evenings that Louie and Lulu had been quite busy. Louie had been busying himself putting in place an extension to the lounge. In addition he had added on an extra bedroom. This was of course in case they needed to have guests to stay for their wedding in spring - or maybe it was something else that related to the birds and the bees? 
It was while Louie had been busy that Lulu had been cleaning out cupboards and things. She had also woven some new spider-silk bed linen. This was as well as weaving spider-silk cloth before sewing it together for a wedding dress for the coming spring
In relation to Lulu cleaning out cupboards and things she found it to be that Louie had been a bit of a hoarder. She had come across many jars of nectar, pollen biscuits, packets of TG Tips, and other delights that were way past their use by date. Lulu had smiled to herself and thought "My Loveable Louie". Louie didn't mind the big tidy up that Lulu was doing. He had always meant to get around to clearing out "old stuff" as he referred to it. Even so; with Louie it had tended to be something he would do tomorrow.
Some winter days were indeed really cold with rain and wind. It would be on such days that the two bees would happily be busy indoors. However there were some fine sunny days as well. It would be on these days that Louie and Lulu would fly the stream together. This was to enjoy the sunshine and rush of cool winter air on their faces. Louie was so happy in now having a mate he could share his life with. He came to realise that prior to Lulu coming into his life he really had been such a lonely bee.
It would be occasionally that Louie and Lulu would drop into the Nest Café for lunch - or maybe an evening meal. It made for much happiness at such times; this was particularly in the evenings; to relax and discuss wedding plans in the romantic light of beeswax candles. 
It would be each Monday that Louie and Lulu would phone Arnold at the Reserve Bank. This was to arrange the progress payments for the tunnel project. If ever the weather was fine on a Monday; and it wasn't blowing a winter gale; it would be rather than phoning Arnold that the two bees would fly to see him. It was a good excuse to get out and fly in the sunshine.
The tunnel Project was progressing reasonably well by this time. Even so it has to be said that it was a little behind schedule. This was because of some unusual rock formations that had been encountered below ground.
It should be mentioned that as has been referred to in the previous chapter; Louie and Lulu had attended the interim meeting at the Country Club. Lulu enjoyed the occasion immensely. It has to be said that Louie was full of confidence this time having Lulu by his side. There were congratulations all round from those attending. This was on the engagement of Louie and Lulu. Sir Cada had naturally said. 'I say; jolly good old chap'. This was while slapping Louie on the back. Poor Louie just about choked on his honey nectar in the process. Louie in now being a bee with much confidence simply laughed at the incident. In fact Lulu laughed too when she said. 'Thank goodness you're not like that Louie!'
Louie, Lulu, and Pearl had been below ground a few times to inspect the tunnel operation. It was very impressive. It was beautifully constructed. In particular this was with the smooth clay-lined walls that had been pointed to look like bricks. The tunnel was lit with beeswax candles mounted at appropriate intervals along the walls. On entering the tunnel, the beeswax candles could be seen extending away into the distance. This was to where the bulldog ants were working at the digging face.
It was when Louie, Lulu, and Pearl had first arrived for an inspection they couldn't stop laughing. This was at the Daddy Long Legs; at least a hundred of them; speeding off with excavations and spreading them around the surrounding area. The Daddy Long Legs did a great job. The foremen on the job who was a no-nonsense Soldier Ant; had warned Louie, Lulu, and Pearl not to laugh at the Daddy Long Legs. This was because they were known to sulk if laughed at. The last thing the foreman wanted was a stop work on his hands. Pearl had apologised profusely. She assured the foreman that it wouldn't happen again.
It was by all accounts that everything seemed to be going reasonably well with the tunnel project. That is until one day when Pearl had a call from White Ant Excavators. This was to say that they had struck rock. It wasn't just ordinary old rock. What in fact they had come up against was a huge wall of exceedingly hard crystal quartz. White Ant Excavators had stopped work in the meantime to try and sort out what to do.
It was subsequent to the coming across the quartz that things had become tense amongst the tunnel stakeholders. As a result a meeting was called on site to discuss the issue. It was on this occasion that in attendance were Moore, Payper, and Staff, Handover Finance, Honey Corp, and Sir Cada.  Lady Bird wasn't in attendance because she had a headache this particular day - or was it simply that being below ground was beneath her dignity. Who knows?
It was at the aforementioned meeting that White Ant Excavators had highlighted the extent of the problem. It was stated quite clearly that in order to go around the huge section of quartz it would mean that the contract price would have to be doubled. They had accordingly requested a variation to the contract to cover the additional costs.
Those with a vested interest in the project; in particular those who were in attendance at the meeting; baulked at the increase in cost. They flatly refused to invest any more. Legal action was then pending. This was because as a result of the stoppage Moore, Payper, and Staff had become concerned about being paid. They were worried about the withdrawal of funding by the stakeholders. Because of this they refused to act on anybody's behalf! In effect an impasse had resulted. White Ant Excavators didn't return to work and withdrew all labour. The investors in turn went off in a huff. As a result the incomplete project remained as it was. That is a beautiful tunnel ending at a block of glass like crystal quartz!
It was quite unpleasant for all concerned; well at least for a while. For one; Sir Cada and Lady Bird weren't talking to Pearl because of the investment they had lost. Then; none of the investors wanted to take responsibility for the now seemingly useless bit of tunnel. On that basis they had insisted on signing their ownership rights over to the Reserve Bank. Their reasoning was that they didn't want to have to part with any more dollops and scents to maintain something that was now apparently useless!
Louie in now being a more assertive and confident bee; that is with Lulu by his side; considered the situation. As a result he took it upon himself to use Reserve Bank dollops and scents to resolve the situation. This was primarily to get Sparrow Construction to place a secure door at the entrance to the tunnel. Doing so would mean that the partly completed project could be sealed off. This was so that nobody would have access unless authorised by Louie. Louie also; this was with Lulu's help; used the services of Moore, Payper and Staff to document legal title in the name of the Reserve Bank. This was just as the investors had requested. Louie had an instinctive feeling that the tunnel could be used somehow. One thought was to use it as another vault for storage of dollops and scents in the future. Then of course there was always the possibility that the project could be readdressed at some stage. That is if someway of dealing with the quartz could be found. 
It was once legal title to the tunnel was in the name of the Reserve Bank that Louie took control. The first thing he did was to take the Ten Ants down to help clean up the remaining mess left by the contractors. It really was a fine looking piece of tunnel. The Ten Ants enjoyed helping Mr Louie over what was a period of several days. It was something different for them to do.
It was at the end of the partly completed tunnel that there was of course the vertical face of glass like quartz.  It had certainly stopped White Ant Excavators Ltd from excavating any further. It was on the final day of the cleanup process that Louie and the Ten Ants happened to be working close to the quartz face. At one point; something drew Louie's attention. He studied the quartz for a moment. It had fascinated him because it appeared to have a pale translucent bluish tint. Louie had thought this to be strange. This was because the beeswax candles produced a yellowish hue within the tunnel. In other words the quartz seemed to be producing its own light. Louie in being puzzled as to what was causing the phenomenon moved closer to the vertical face. Amazingly enough it started to glow! Louie gasped. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was surreal to say the least. What he could see before him was a strange pulsing blue light that was emanating from the whole of the quartz face. It was a light strong enough to illuminate quite some distance back along the tunnel! 
A somewhat puzzled Louie was rather taken aback with what he could see. Accordingly it was in being concerned for his safety; that is in relation to the unknown; he moved some distance back from the face.  It was when he had moved away that the pulsing blue light within the quartz faded. The quartz then took on the yellow hue from the candles once more. 
What had really amazed Louie was this. The Ten Ants who were with him hadn't even noticed the blue light. To them it was just a large lump of glass-like quartz blocking the tunnel. Louie shrugged off what he had seen as being something that he must have imagined. He certainly wasn't about to embarrass himself. That is by talking to the Ten Ants about a strange blue light that they obviously couldn't see. 
It has to be said that Louie was disturbed by what he had thought he had seen. He began to wonder if his mind had been affected through spending a number of hours below ground. Let's face it; it wasn't a natural environment for a bumblebee. He reflected for a moment about moving in close to the quartz again. This was to see if the same blue eventuated one again. He didn't because he was somewhat tired after a long day working with the Ten Ants.  He decided that he would leave the matter for the time being. He felt it to be best to come below ground and try again another day. Besides which; whatever it was; it might have gone away by then.
It was aside from the blue light nonsense that for Louie and the Ten Ants it had been a successful day. The tunnel was now clean and tidy in readiness to be left until such time something else could be done with it. It was at about 5.00p.m that Louie and the Ten Ants emerged from the tunnel. Louie thanked the Ants for the tremendous job that they had done. This was before phoning Virgil to have five wasps come and take the Ten Ants home. Yes; it was two ants per wasp. It was subsequent to the wasps having arrived and the Ten Ants had departed that Louie closed the door to the tunnel. Having checked that it was firmly shut he locked it. It was then that he flew on home to his beloved Lulu. 
It was on arriving home that Louie hugged Lulu ever so tightly. He then sighed a big sigh before sitting on the couch that was conveniently placed in front of the stove. Lulu had put on a roaring fire to welcome Louie home. Yes; the radiated warmth was welcome to Louie after flying home in the cold evening air.
Lulu joined Louie on the couch. She placed an arm about him. She could sense that something was bothering him. It was while holding him close to her that she whispered in his ear. 'What's bothering you Louie? Did something happen today? Please tell me'
Louie turned to face Lulu. It was with much feeling that he said. 'Dearest Lulu; you are so precious to me. You are the only one I can talk to who understands me. Something really strange happened in the tunnel today'.
Louie was silent for a moment. It was having reflected on what he was going to say to Lulu that he then enlightened her. It was as best he could that he described the pulsing blue light that he had seen. He went on to say that he felt that he must be suffering delusions. He explained to Lulu that his reason for saying so was that the Ten Ants hadn't seen anything. Louie even went on to suggest that he call in to see his doctor to have a check up. That is the Asian Paper wasp Dr Sum Ting Wong. 
Lulu was quiet for a moment before saying. 'As far as I'm concerned Louie; if you say you saw the light then you must have seen it? I'm sure that you don't need to go and see the doctor'.
'Lulu what still concerns me is the fact that the Ten Ants didn't see what I saw. On thinking about it I really do wonder if I'm going mad or something'. 
'No Louie; there must be an explanation'. 
Lulu held Louie close to her to comfort him. This was while gently stroking the soft black fur on his head. She then said. 'What I suggest Louie is let's you and I ask Pearl to come with us and have a look. We can all go to the tunnel and see if we can see anything'.
'Lulu what would I do without you', Louie responded. 'What a good idea. Let's talk to Pearl about it in the morning. She is bound to know what it is all about with her knowledge of things'.
It was following a pleasant evening meal that Louie and Lulu sat once again on the couch in front of the stove. They did so until the fire died. It was then that they headed off to bed. Lulu was convinced that Louie had seen something. She believed him but what was it?
****
It was on the following morning that Louie and Lulu talked about the tunnel again. This was over breakfast. Louie had hoped that it had all been a figment of his imagination. He had hoped on waking that he would have forgotten about the whole damn thing. He hadn't. It had remained vivid in his memory. In particular this was as to how the blue light had pulsed and become brighter when he had approached the quartz.
It was while Louie and Lulu were talking over breakfast that Lulu made a suggestion. It was a good suggestion. What she said was. 'Louie I'd suggest at this stage; let's not mention the light you saw to anybody. Let's simply ask Pearl to come and see if she might have any suggestions as to how the tunnel could be used. That way we can all; this is without any preconceived ideas; see if we can detect anything in the way of blue lights. If we can't it will be our secret for ever and a day'.
'That's a great idea my wonderful Lulu. You are so right as usual. After all it wouldn't look too good if I mentioned that I had seen blue lights when there weren't any! Pearl thinks I am enough of a nut case now!'
'Louie!' Lulu responded while giving Louie an affectionate smack. 'Pearl doesn't think that about you at all! I will get cross with you if you ever say that again!'
'Sorry Lulu. I mustn't think like the bee I was before I met you!' 
Louie smiled. He held Lulu close to him. Yes; he loved his precious Lulu more than words could ever describe.
It was following breakfast that Louie phoned Pearl. It was arranged that he and Lulu fly up to her place about 9.30a.m. Just as had been suggested by Lulu; Louie asked Pearl if she could join them for an inspection of the tunnel. In particular it was to be for suggested uses for the uncompleted project. Pearl was only too glad to join Louie and Lulu to do so. 
So it was that Louie and Lulu tidied up after their breakfast. It was on having done so that they then headed on up to Pearl's apartment. It was a cool, dark, sort of morning with heavy cloud cover. Fortunately there was no rain. There was little wind to speak of either. Just as was always the case; Pearl was glad to see Louie and Lulu. 
It was in being a fairly cool and dark sort of morning that Louie, Lulu, and Pearl sat inside. Because it was still reasonably dark; this was with the heavy cloud cover; the street light where Pearl's apartment was situated was in fact still on. Her apartment was always nice and warm from the heat generated by the street lamp at night. How it all worked was that at one end of Pearl's lounge that there was a clay brick wall. It was a wall that had originally been installed by White Ant excavators. On the other side of the wall was the powerful street lamp. The wonderful thing was that the clay bricks heated up at night to keep the apartment warm during the day. As far as temperature control was concerned it was simply an open and shut case. That is the windows. 
It was when the three had all sat down together in Pearl's lounge that Pearl opened the conversation by saying. 'You mentioned the tunnel Louie and possible uses for it. I can't think of anything in particular. Even so, it would be worth taking a look again. I guess it could possibly be useful as a shelter should there ever be an attack on the community. Another thought is to perhaps use it as a refuge in the event of the stream flooding. I believe it to be prudent to maintain it in a useable condition for the foreseeable future'.
So it was that Pearl, Lulu, and Louie relaxed while having a cup of gum leaf tea. They talked more about the tunnel. This was before heading off out and away to have a look at it. The three insects certainly noticed the change of temperature on leaving the warmth of Pearl's apartment. The day was indeed quite cold. Adding to the feeling of cold was that by this time there was a strong head wind to fly against. On that basis it was a relief to reach the shelter of the tunnel. 
Louie had the key to the entrance. Having opened the door the three moved on inside. The door was then closed behind them. With no daylight the inside of the tunnel was dark and imposing. That is until Louie had struck a match. This was to light one of the beeswax candles that were in place along the wall of the tunnel. Louie in not now being the forgetful bee as he had been before meeting Lulu had remembered to bring some of his Beehive Matches with him.
It was as the three made their way in along the tunnel that Louie lit the remaining beeswax candles. These were the ones that were spaced at suitable intervals along the wall. It was somehow quite cosy being below ground away from the cold of the wind and weather up on the surface.
The tunnel wasn't that long. In insect terms it was possibly of the order of ten thousand feet. On that basis it was only a matter of two or three minutes before the team were nearing the quartz rock wall. Lulu looked ahead to where she could see the offending rock. With its glass like surface it certainly appeared to be impenetrable. Lulu had to admit to herself that the quartz she could see did seem to posses a faint blue colour. That is in contrast to the yellowish light of the beeswax candles. Lulu wondered to herself if she was imagining it because of what Louie had said.
It was when the three were not that far away from the quartz that Louie wondered to himself if it was just a dream he had experienced the day before. No! It was suddenly with the three having moved in closer to the wall that that it glowed with a pulsing electric blue light. It was the same pulsing blue light that Louie had witnessed the day before.
'My God!' Pearl had exclaimed in semi fright. 'What on earth is that blue light?' 
Lulu froze where she was standing. Louie had been right. There was no question of Louie being right because all three of them had now seen the rock glow. To Louie it seemed to be considerably brighter than the day before. That is with all three of them now standing close to the quartz. Pearl in feeling a little apprehensive said. 'Let's all step back a bit'.
It was as soon as the three had moved back from the quartz that the pulsing blue glow faded. The crystal face once again took on a yellowish hue from the beeswax candles.
Louie went on to say to Pearl that he had a confession to make. This was that the true reason for getting her in tunnel was because of what he had seen the day before. He also indicated to Pearl that he had seen the blue light and the Ten Ants hadn't.
'Sorry Pearl', Louie had said. 'I wanted to get you down here to see if you could see what I saw. I really thought I was going mad when the Ten Ants hadn't seen anything'.
Pearl thought for a moment. Just as we have come to know she was a very well read and knowledgeable Moth. 'Don't worry Louie', Pearl continued. 'I'm really glad you got me down here. This is something that is exceedingly interesting. I have never come across such a phenomenon before'. 
'It's a possibility', Pearl continued; this was with her brain racing. 'That the quartz was originally formed under a great deal of pressure. Such pressure; and the resulting stress within the quartz; can produce strong voltages and electric fields across crystal faces. I believe that this is what could be producing the blue light. What I can't understand though is why it glows blue only when we stand close to it. Is it the angle from which we are looking at it maybe? Or is it something about us that causes it to react this way?' 
It was out of curiosity that Pearl moved forward towards the quartz so the blue light radiated once again. She stood for a few moments fascinated by what she could see. She then went on to say. 'The production of light here I believe must be similar to the street light where my apartment is. High voltages excite atoms and produce light. High voltages have to be present here too'.
It was on trying to take in what Pearl had said that it has to be said that Louie hadn't been good at science at Fly School. Then; Lulu's real expertise was bookkeeping. On that basis neither of them had any understanding of what Pearl was saying. It was as a consequence that the pair stood nonplussed and silent while trying to take it all in.
'What I can't understand', Pearl continued. 'Is what you mentioned before Louie. That is that you were saying that the Ten Ants couldn't see the light. What is it that's so special about the three of us in being able see the light?'
Quite frankly it has to be said that Lulu was more than a little scared about the whole business. She held Louie tightly for good measure. On doing so she coaxed him back away from the quartz. Pearl moved back from the crystal face as well. The three watched as the pulsing blue light began to fade once again. It was then that Pearl; this was with mounting curiosity; moved forward once again. It was as a result that once again the pulsing blue light reappeared and grew in intensity. The closer Pearl moved to the wall the brighter the blue light became. It intrigued her. Pearl being Pearl she had to know more.
It was with a degree of confidence returning that Pearl carefully made her way closer to the quartz face. In fact while bathed in the pulsing blue light she moved up to the quartz to reach out and touch it. It was then that Lulu screamed! My God! Pearl on touching the quartz had somehow disappeared into it!
It was with a degree of panic that Louie then moved forward to go after Pearl. Lulu who was by this time crying and trembling with fright; pleaded desperately with Louie. 'No! No Louie. Please stay here with me. Please, please I implore you. I am so scared!'
'It's alright Lulu', Louie responded. This was while stepping back to Lulu to hold her and reassure her. 'I promise I won't leave you. What ever happens I'm sure that Pearl can look after herself'.
Lulu was indeed trembling with fright. Louie comforted her and reassured her. He was quite frankly somewhat frightened himself.
'All we can do Lulu', Louie said at length. 'Is to sit here and wait and see what happens. Maybe Pearl will return'.
So it was that Louie and Lulu sat in silence. This was while leaning against the wall of the tunnel. They stared at the quartz hoping for some sign of Pearl. They dared not go too close. In being some distance away from the quartz it had once again taken on the yellow hue of the beeswax candles. The waiting that both Louie and Lulu endured was hell. It was following what had been close to an hour that they really were becoming worried about Pearl.
Lulu broke the silence when she said with a sob. 'Louie, do you think we should go and fetch help?'
Louie thought for a moment. He then said. 'Lulu; I don't know what we could do if we did obtain help'. 
It was then at that moment that miracles of all miracles the quartz started to glow and pulse with a blue light. The light increased in intensity. It was then suddenly that Pearl re-emerged. She reappeared back through the wall just as strangely as she had disappeared! 
Louie moved forward to assist Pearl. 'Louie! Louie!' Pearl called out. 'Don't go near the wall; not yet anyway. I need to work it out in my mind as to what is happening here'.
Pearl was obviously in a state of shock. It took her a while to speak in a coherent fashion. It was for a few minutes that she was trembling and breathing hard. Ultimately Pearl managed to regain a degree of composure. It was then much to the relief of Louie and Lulu that she said. 'I'm okay now. I believe everything is alright. I don't believe that there is anything to be too concerned about. Right now though I want all of us to return to my apartment. It will be there that I'll talk about what I have experienced'.
So it was that in near silence the three headed back up the tunnel. It was late morning by this time. Louie extinguished the beeswax candles as they went. It was back at Pearl's apartment that the Queen of the insects sat in further silence. This was as the shock of what had happened wore off. 
It was finally that Pearl said. 'Louie; please can I ask you to fetch us all a red wine. I have the most amazing story to tell. With what I have experienced I don't know whether to be terrified, scared, or excited. I am so confused and overwhelmed with trying to comprehend what it is that has happened'.

Chapter 11
Pearl Has a Theory

It was only when Pearl had partaken in a few sips of red wine that she stopped shaking. A few more sips and she had regained a reasonable degree of composure. It was then that she spoke. 'I don't really know where to begin you two; it's all so overwhelming. Bear with me Louie and Lulu while I attempt to explain it best I can'.
'Take your time Pearl', Louie ventured to say. 'Lulu and I are just so relieved that you are back with us'.
'Thanks Louie. Believe me I'm relieved to be back too. As I said; it's hard to know where to start. Even so, I will commence by mentioning this. Down in the village; this is as you both know; there is the old stone bank building in the centre of the town. We fly past it whenever we head along the High Street to the railway station'. 
'Yes; we both know it well'. Louie confirmed.
'You may or may not remember'. Pearl continued. 'But the wall at the front of the bank; that is just to the left of the entrance; consists of a large rectangular decorative façade of quartz. I would say it was quarried from the same area as the quartz at the end of the tunnel. It was probably extracted many years ago when the bank was first built'.
'Yes Pearl. We know exactly what you mean'. Lulu confirmed.
'Now here's the thing', Pearl continued. 'When I moved through the quartz at the end of the tunnel earlier today; I could feel every cell in my body changing. It was while this was taking place that momentarily I was suspended in a void filled with rays of blue light. It was then that suddenly I emerged from the quartz wall at the front of the bank in the village! I couldn't believe it. I thought I was in a dream but no it was real! The scary part was that I had somehow mutated into something similar to a human form. It was a form that was many times bigger than I am as a moth; well in effect I was the size of a human. I had my wings but I also had the arms, hands, and legs of a human. On looking down at myself I could see some sort of translucent blue shape. In reality though there was really nothing there. I could see straight through myself!'
Louie and Lulu sat spellbound. Pearl paused a minute to get her thoughts in order. This was before continuing with. 'The amazing part for me was what I referred to a moment ago. This was that even though I was in a human form, I had my wings. I could fly as I normally do. All the same feelings I have as an insect; that is in relation to both walking and flying; they were there! When I had first arrived through the wall I simply stood frozen on the spot. I was terrified of what village people who were in close proximity might do. I could hardly breathe with the terror I felt.
'The truly amazing thing was this. It soon became apparent that nobody could see me! In spite of people not being able to see me I could move about. I could also touch things and even move them if I so desired! It was unbelievable'.
Pearl took another sip of wine. This was while Louie and Lulu also sipped their wine and continued to remain silent. It was then that Pearl moved on by saying. 'It was after a while that I gained enough confidence to walk about the place a little. Having done so, I then ventured a little further by flying up onto the roof of the bank. It was from there that I could see virtually the whole village and all the people in it. It was then on having taken a look that I flew back down to the ground again. Flying in such a manner was just as I can normally do. None of the people around me took any notice. It became quite clear to me that I was totally invisible to them. It really was as though I didn't exist!
'It was on having gained even more confidence that I plucked up the courage to fly on inside the bank. It was because of a certain amount of nervousness on my part that I accidentally brushed against a customer. The customer; who was a young woman; felt me brush against her. It was in response to my connecting with her that it was with much surprise that she looked about her. This was to find that there was nobody there! Keeping in mind that I was the size of s human; the woman definitely felt me brush against her. I could see it written all over her face that she couldn't believe that there was nobody there. 
'It was then as a means to further test this concept of being invisible that I did something else. There were some papers sitting on a counter alongside where the tellers operate. Once again keeping in mind that I was the size of an adult human; I picked the papers up and threw them in the air. The nearest teller was startled by what I had done. In not being able to see me, he went and shut a nearby window that was open. The teller had assumed that a draft of air from the open window had blown the papers into the air. Quite frankly it was all he could assume. It was unbelievably amazing what I was witnessing.
'It was by this time that I had really gained my confidence. I had to know more. It was on that basis that I flew out of the bank. It was then that I flew back up the stream to take a look. It became immediately apparent I could fly many times faster than I could as an insect. This was presumably because my wings were so much bigger.
'It was when flying up the stream that it became obvious that our community wasn't there. There was no Nest Café, there was no supermarket or Reserve Bank - none of them could be seen. Strangely enough Mr McFarland's house was there. I could see him out in the garden. When I landed near him he couldn't see me. Interestingly enough he felt the wash of air from my somewhat large wings. That is as I landed close by to him. It was as a result of the rush of air that Mr McFarland looked about him in surprise. He couldn't help but wonder where it had come from! I realised then that I would have to be careful whenever landing near people. Thinking about it later; I reckon Mr McFarland had probably heard the sound of my beating wings as well.
'I left Mr McFarland and flew back to the village again. Having arrived I went into the cake shop where we fetch our chocolate cake. In knowing full well that nobody would be able to see me, I cut off a small piece of chocolate cake to eat. It was when I tried to eat it; that is to place it in my mouth; it just went right through me and fell to the floor. This was much to the amazement of the owner. He couldn't understand how it could be that a piece of chocolate cake had been cut; this was before managing to move out of the cabinet all by itself - not to mention fall to the floor!
'It was with my mind spinning with all sorts of thoughts that I left the cake shop. It was then that out of curiosity I flew back up the stream to where the tunnel entrance should be. It wasn't there! This really scared me. I was in a near panic in wondering how on earth I was ever going to get back to you two. It was a frightening realisation that the tunnel didn't even seem to exist?
'It was following what was nearly an hour or so of strange experiences that my brain was numb. It was numb with trying to take it all in. I couldn't help but think to myself could this be the end of my life? Yes the question uppermost in my mind was how could I get back to my good friends Louie and Lulu - and the insect community?
'I should mention while I think of it that when I was in the area where the tunnel entrance should be; I scratched a cross on the ground with a stick. I thought perhaps it might tell me as to whether what I was experiencing was a dream or not. That is if I ever made it back again. 
'It was with the circumstances that I had found myself in; this was as well as finding it difficult to think clearly; that I really was getting into a bit of a panic. Having come to realise that I couldn't eat or drink anything; was I going to starve to death? It came to me in the end that my only possible chance of survival was to get back to the quartz wall of the bank. I had to see if I could get back through the quartz from whence I had come.
'It was much to my relief that when I walked up to the quartz wall of the bank it pulsed and glowed blue. It was just as the quartz at the end of the tunnel had.  Nobody about me noticed either me or the glowing quartz at the bank. Amazingly enough; I simply walked up to the wall at the bank and on through it. Having done so, it was back through a void of blue light before arriving back in the tunnel. Believe me; I was just so relieved to see you two again. Thanks for thinking to wait for me. I had been so afraid that my life had ended. I had thought that what I had been experiencing was what it was like when one is in the process of dying!'
Pearl stopped to take a breath for a moment. This was as well as further sip of her wine. 
'My god Pearl', Louie said. 'Have you any idea as to how this all came about. Could Lulu and I go through the quartz just like you did'.
Pearl was beginning to feel a little more relaxed having relayed her experience. In response to what Louie had said she continued by saying. 'Yes; Louie. Now that I have had a chance to think a little more, I have a theory on what has happened. In fact if my theory is correct; I can't see any reason why you two can't join me in total safety. That is to move through the quartz at the end of the tunnel and out into the village. I believe that potentially there is a lot of good we could do with this ability. I believe that we may come to realise this within a short space of time. 
'Just to be safe however; before we all have a go at going though the quartz I would like to try something. It's something to verify my theory. Once I have verified my theory; and I have explained it to you two; both of you can then decide if you want to join me for another try'.
'Pearl', Louie responded. 'Lulu and I will fit in with you as to whatever it is that you think is best; won't we Lulu'.
'We sure will Pearl', Lulu agreed.
'Right you two. Thanks for that. What I want to ask next is this. Louie; has Arnold seen inside the tunnel before?'
'No he hasn't', Louie confirmed.
'Good', Pearl responded. 'To help me get this thing worked out in my mind could you give Virgil a call? Ask him to get six of his wasps to pick up Arnold from the Reserve Bank. Arrange to have Arnold meet us at the tunnel in an hour from now - say 1.00p.m. Tell him we want to show him the tunnel'. 
'Sure', Louie responded.
It should be noted that Arnold being a stick insect required six wasps; that is one on each leg to fly him to the tunnel entrance.
'In the meantime', Pearl continued. 'I'm going to have a quick lie down and gather my thoughts. You two make yourselves at home until we head off to meet up with Arnold'.
****
So it was that a little over an hour later; Louie, Lulu, and Pearl met Arnold at the entrance to the tunnel. Arnold was quite pleased that consideration had even been given to show the tunnel to him. Let's face it; middle aged stick insects didn't generally lead a particularly exciting life; well this one certainly didn't. It was just the way Arnold was. His whole life was the Bank and being the chief teller. His whole world was accounting for dollops and scents as well as bookkeeping and stuff.
With Arnold having arrived at the tunnel the four then made their way below ground. Louie lit the beeswax candles as they went. It was as they neared the end of the tunnel; that is the quartz face; that Pearl whispered to Louie. 'Let Lulu and Arnold get ahead just a little. I just want to make sure that Lulu makes the quartz pulse and glow just as it does with you and me'.
It was under Pearl's directions that she and Louie lagged behind a little. Sure enough; it was when Lulu was close to the quartz wall it commenced to glow with the by now familiar pulsing blue light. It was on seeing the light that Lulu stopped in not wanting to move any closer. Arnold on the other hand moved on and up to the wall and touched it. Nothing happened. Arnold inspected it for the marvellous piece of quartz it was.
Pearl while watching the situation unfold said to Arnold. 'A beautiful piece of quartz isn't it?'
Arnold agreed. He made the comment that it looked similar to the quartz that was at the front of the bank in the village.
'I agree with you Arnold', Pearl responded while not giving anything away. 
It was by this time that the quartz was emitting a pulsing bright blue light. That is with Louie Lulu and Pearl in close proximity. It was just as it had been with the Ten Ants that Arnold had no perception of the phenomenon that was occurring. In fact he was wondering why everyone was hanging around looking at the quartz. To Arnold it just appeared to be an ordinary piece of quartz rock. To him it simply had the faint yellowish appearance from the light of the beeswax candles. 
Arnold duly thanked Louie for showing him around. He really had  appreciated it. The four then walked back to the entrance where six wasps were waiting to take Arnold back to the Reserve Bank.
It was when Arnold and the wasps had departed that Pearl spoke to Louie and Lulu. 'I believe I now know in part what is happening. The fact that Arnold couldn't see the blue light seems to confirm what I have been thinking. Let me go back to my apartment to think about it some more. I suggest that we all meet up at the Nest Café tonight at say seven. It will be then that I will explain what I can over a meal. I need to do some more research on the Internet this afternoon. Be assured you two; tonight all will be revealed!'
Louie and Lulu agreed that what Pearl had suggested was a great idea. Any excuse to have a meal at the Nest Café was worthwhile. It was just before the three went their separate ways that Louie recalled something that Pearl had said earlier. He said to her. 'Pearl what about the cross you were telling us about. That is the one that you marked in the ground. Is there any sign of it?'
'Yes, yes!' Pearl responded. 'Good work Louie, I almost forgot. Let's fly together over the area. The cross should be somewhere where there's open ground that's free of vegetation. I remember that it's also at a point where the earth is soft'.
So it was that the three flew together. This was close to the tunnel entrance in ever widening circles. It was Lulu who saw it first. It was with much excitement that she exclaimed. 'Look there it is!' 
Sure enough; there on the ground was the cross Pearl had described. It was an important find. This was because it proved that what Pearl had experienced couldn't have simply been a dream. It was very real. 
The insects landed and checked out the cross that Pearl had marked. She confirmed with much excitement. 'That's it alright; this is amazing!'
Pearl was then silent for a moment or two. She then turned to Louie and Lulu. Her eyes were alive and sparkling. It was then that she said. 'I don't want you two to worry. I really believe that what we have here could be a truly exciting discovery. I will see you both at the Nest Café tonight'.
So it was that Pearl flew back up to her apartment. Louie and Lulu headed to the stream. It was then along it and on to their beloved home. It was there that they felt safe again. Louie lit the stove. Lulu made a light snack of pollen biscuits with dandelion butter and cheese on them. The cheese and butter had been made by Lulu from dandelion milk. It was as the pair ate their biscuits and cheese that they thought about and discussed what it might be that Pearl was going to relay to them at the Nest Café. 
****
The evening came soon enough. It was just before seven that Louie and Lulu; this was while flying side by side; flew along the stream in the near dark to the Nest Café. Both were excited about what Pearl would have to say. Louie had phoned the café earlier on. He had managed to secure his favourite table looking out over the stream. It was when Louie and Lulu had arrived at the Nest Café that soft romantic music was playing. The beeswax candles that were placed about the walls and on the tables had been lit. It was a magic scene. Yes; it would soon be time to hear what Pearl had to say. 
Louie and Lulu sat and enjoyed each other's company while waiting for Pearl to arrive. It was apart from the excitement of the tunnel that their spring wedding was on their minds. They talked through some of the plans they had. 

Chapter 12
Pearl Explains her Theory

It wasn't long before Pearl had arrived at the Nest Café. Having said hello to Basil and Sybil; that is the owner managers of the Nest Café who as would be remembered were preying mantises; she waved out to Louie and Lulu. This was to acknowledge that she had seen them. She knew where to look because she knew that Louie would have chosen his favourite table by the window.
It was before Pearl joined Louie and Lulu that she stopped and chatted to some of her subjects. She was indeed a much adored Moth. Her subjects and their welfare were exceedingly important to her as well. It was when Pearl had sat down to join Louie and Lulu that she enquired somewhat tentatively. 'Tell me; how are you two now?'
'We're fine', Lulu confirmed. 'In fact we were just talking about our wedding in spring'.
'Oh good', Pearl replied somewhat relieved. 'I'm really glad to see that you two are not too worried by this business with the tunnel. We really could be onto something quite incredible here'.
Pearl relaxed with a little red wine and composed herself before announcing her theory.
Pearl commenced by saying. 'It's a complicated subject. I will explain it the best I can. I did a lot of research this afternoon before meeting with you. I believe that I have just about got it nailed in relation to what has happened'.
'Please tell us', Lulu implored.
'Thanks Lulu. I will; I will get straight into it. I need to start off by saying this. Just as you both know; there are many creatures on the planet. They range from small ones such as ourselves; that is in being insects; to large ones such as humans or even elephants'. 
Quite frankly Louie had no idea what an elephant looked like. Even so he mentioned that he had heard that it was not good to be sat on by one.
Pearl smiled patiently. She reassured Louie that even though large forces were possibly involved in her theory; being sat on by an elephant was not one of them. Lulu also squeezed Louie's arm and said. 'Shooosh Louie. Let Pearl get on with it'. 
Pearl smiled once more and continued. 'There is one thing in common with all living things that exist on planet Earth. This is that they are made up of the elements of the earth itself. It includes us as insects. Everything in our wings, legs, and bodies, comes from the earth via the food we eat. From what my research tells me; life first started on this planet in a simple form. What I mean is as what was possibly a single celled creature. My theory is that life was created by the passing of electrical charge through a combination of some of the Earth's elements. The electrical stimulus possibly came from lightening or even sun activity for all we know.
'One theory I have is that a source of electrical stimulus could have been from quartz crystal similar to what we have found in the tunnel. When quartz crystal is stressed during formation; or by impact or compression; extremely high voltages are produced across crystal faces. These high voltages produced the pulsing blue light that we have witnessed within the quartz at the end of the tunnel. It's not only that though. If conditions are right; such voltages appear to not only have the ability to create living cells but to change the characteristics of DNA. That is to bring about a mutation to something else'.
Louie in having listened intently; and in not wanting to make any further uninformed comments about such things as elephants simply said "Wow"; as did Lulu.
Pearl on being reassured that that Louie and Lulu were paying full attention to what she was saying paused for a moment. This was to gather her thoughts. She then went on to say. 'Yesterday when I was close to the quartz in the tunnel; that is close enough to be affected by the electric fields present within the quartz; I mutated to another form. In the normal course of events; nothing happens when a living creature encounters quartz. That is even if the crystals of the quartz are in a state of being highly stressed. We saw this with Arnold when he went up and touched the quartz'. 
It was Lulu who interjected to ask. 'Pearl; if that's the case; what is it that makes us different to Arnold?'
'Well Lulu; what I believe is this. Before being able to mutate into something else via the quartz; that is as I did yesterday; the cells of a living creature have to be first conditioned to do so. They need to have undergone a molecular change through some other force. This conditioning has happened to me. It's this so called conditioning that was a catalyst to me actually disappearing through the quartz yesterday. Now here's the thing. I believe that the conditioning I am talking about has also happened to you two as well. I would be fairly sure of this because both of you caused the quartz to glow when you were close to it'.
Hmmm. Louie and Lulu were totally lost; as is maybe the reader. Louie sighed and said. 'Sorry Pearl I don't really understand it. This so called conditioning; what is it; what does it mean? I am not the brightest of bees as you know'.
Pearl smiled. She had come to realise that it was hard for the two bees to grasp what she was saying. On that basis she said. 'Louie and Lulu; I know that what I am saying is difficult to comprehend. Let me simplify things a bit. Don't worry yourselves too much about the detail. Just accept that within the quartz at the end of the tunnel there are electrical forces at play. They are electrical forces that have brought about what we have observed so far. Just as I touched on earlier; such electrical forces are due to the quartz being internally stressed. This is possibly due to formation being carried out under immense pressure - maybe millions of years ago. What I haven't been able to understand up until now is why Arnold; or the Ten Ants for that matter; haven't been able to see the pulsing blue light that the three of us can.
'Now here's the thing. Just as I said a moment ago it appears to be that there has been some molecular conditioning to the bodies of the three of us. It's a conditioning that for one; it allows us to see the blue light. It is also a conditioning that is unique to the three of us'
'I sort of see', Louie said somewhat reticently. 
'Good. Now what I want to ask you is this. Can either of you guess what this unique conditioning might be?'
Louie and Lulu thought about it for a moment. It was Lulu who made a suggestion by saying. 'Does it only apply to insects that can fly like we can? The Ten Ants can't fly and neither can Arnold', 
'Good try Lulu', Pearl responded. 'No it's not that. It actually relates to a place where only the three of us have been. It is a place where there are strong electrical forces at play'.
'Gosh what is it? Where is it?' Louie queried. 'What is it that has affected us and nobody else?'
'Well', Pearl continued. 'My theory is that the only insects that have been changed and can be accepted through the quartz in the tunnel are those who have been in my apartment!'
'Your apartment?' Louie and Lulu both chorused. 'How come?'
'Well you two; it's like this. Louie; you and Lulu have both been in my apartment when the street light has been on. I wondered at first about Lulu. Then I remembered that when you first came here yesterday it was quite dark. On that basis the street light was on. When the street light is on there are reasonably strong magnetic and electric fields passing through my apartment - and thus anyone in it. This is what I believe has changed my molecular structure as well as yours. This change we have all undergone is the catalyst for us to be accepted by the quartz in the tunnel. That is for mutation to another form'.
It was on noting further puzzled looks on Louie's and Lulu's faces that Pearl went on to further explain. 'I know it's difficult to grasp. Even I'm having difficulty coming to terms with the concept. However I am sure that over millions of years it has been phenomena such as what we have found here that has created the diversity of life on the planet. It is why we are not all the same. Remember that insects were on this planet long before humans. Think about it; where did humans come from?
'The answer I believe is that the DNA of insects such as us may at some stage in the past have been changed. That is by the electrical forces similar to what I have described. Different species such as birds, humans, and others, I am sure would have subsequently evolved from insects such as us. In effect what I experienced yesterday appears to be exactly that. For some reason that I can't yet explain; the process here is incomplete. It is somewhere in between. Yesterday I had the ability to go forward or back from being an insect to something near being human. In the halfway state my molecular structure was probably akin to that of quartz; thus providing the ability to move through it'.
Pearl smiled. Her big eyes were sparkling with excitement. She concluded by saying. 'The fact that it is possible to go forward or back opens up so many many exciting possibilities. Believe me it really does'. 
It was momentarily that Louie and Lulu sat staring at Pearl. This was while saying nothing. It was then that Louie said. 'You must be right Pearl. Not that I completely understand it but it's the only explanation. You are truly amazing with what you have deduced'.
It was indeed an exciting theory that Pearl had put forward. Lulu in still being a little pensive said to Pearl 'Do you think the "whatever it is" in your apartment has harmed us in any way Pearl?'
'You mean the electrical fields from the street light?' Pearl concurred. 'No Lulu; I don't believe so. All creatures living on Earth are constantly subject to various forms of radiation. They do so without coming to any harm. One example is high frequency radiation from the sun. I have lived in my apartment for some years now without any side affects at all from the streetlight. No Lulu; I really don't believe there is any problem with the radiation here in my apartment. I believe that what I have uncovered is something to be truly excited about. I believe that it will shape our future'.
Lulu in feeling relieved at what Pearl had said responded by saying. 'I just can't believe what is happening in my life. A short while ago I was simply a nothing. My life was so dull and boring. Now in having met you two my life is exciting beyond my wildest dreams!'
'Thanks for saying that Lulu', Pearl responded. 'I believe that this quartz business really is something to be excited about. Assuming we can, we must take the opportunity to explore what this new found ability can offer'.
Louie in feeling a little more relaxed; that is with Pearl having explained things; said. 'Where do we go from here Pearl?'
'First things first Louie. Let's order some food. I'm starving. When we have eaten I will relay to you some thoughts I have as to what I believe we should do. First of all though I'll put you in the picture about some concerns I have in relation to the future. It all fits in with what we might do with the quartz'.
So it was that the three chatted further about the incredible discovery. This was while they waited for the food to arrive. Pearl went over the concept again to help Louie and Lulu understand. Pearl could see that Louie and Lulu were gaining in confidence. Their feelings were changing from ones of being apprehensive to being curious and excited. 
The food duly arrived. They had all opted for spider egg soufflé peppered with pollen. It was while partaking in their meal that Pearl relayed something she had touched on earlier. That is some concerns she had.  She commenced by saying. 'Louie and Lulu; something that has genuinely worried me at times is this. Our community resides in a quiet relatively undisturbed area. It's an area where the only concentration of humans is a comparatively small number down in the village. We have become complacent because we live in a life of bliss unaware of the fact that things could change. I guess this has been because there has never really been anything to show signs of disturbing us or threatening us. That is apart from Al Spider. It's highly likely that sooner or later humans will change the area along the stream where we live. Unfortunately from what I am seeing it's more likely to be sooner'.
'You mean we could lose our homes and everything that we have built up over the years?' Lulu queried.
'Yes Lulu. That is exactly what I mean. Even so; as Queen of the community I will do everything within my power to prevent it happening. I believe that what we have come across with the quartz will enable our community to survive in the long term. The whole thing is that if we don't do something; it's because of human activity that at sometime in the future we may have to move away from where we live now. In effect it's as you said Lulu; we could lose everything. Humans are taking up more and more of the free space left on the planet. In fact from my perspective; the planet is now infested with humans. I don't want to bore you two with too much detail but I have come to realise something. This is that the human society and the economic system that operates within it depend on an increasing population to sustain it. This is a recipe for disaster. At some time in the not too distant future it's quite likely that because of overcrowding and dwindling resources, humans will disappear as a species. They will leave the world to the insects again. That is just as it was millions of years ago. However before that ever happens; our insect world could be badly affected by pollution and disruption by human activity. 
'What has made me come to realise my worst fears is this. Yesterday when I was on the "other side" so to speak; that is when I had gone through the quartz; I climbed high over the village. It was because of the power of my wings that I climbed far higher than we do as insects. Having done so, it was in the distance that I could see the outskirts of a large city. It's because of ever expanding population that this city will be become ever larger and take up more land. As a result the outskirts of that city will be coming ever closer to us here. At some stage, the area we live in now is likely to be destroyed in the name of human progress. With what we have discovered with the quartz, there are possibly many things we can now do to protect our lives. This is as well as to preserve things as we know it and want it. 
'Another aspect to this new found ability that came to me was this. It has to be said that we all enjoy things from the village such as chocolate cake and red wine. I believe we are now in a position to return a few favours to the village for this privilege'.
'I like it. Tell us how could we do that Pearl?' Louie interjected.
Pearl went on to explain. 'I have come to realise that the human society has quite a number of despicable social characteristics that we don't have. Examples are greed, crime, and corruption. I believe that as mutated invisible forms; this was the form I found myself to be in yesterday; we could reduce or even eliminate the effects of greed. We could also do much to prevent acts of crime and corruption. Doing so would alleviate some of the misery these characteristics of human society inflict. That is in particular on people such as those who live in the village. It is early days yet but I think you will see what I mean as we gain more knowledge about the scope of our abilities.
'One thing I felt when I was in the village yesterday was that the life we have here along the stream bank is the most precious and essential thing to preserve. The humans I saw didn't have the happiness we have here. What I was going to suggest in relation to where we go from here; that is in relation to this new found ability; is this. Tomorrow morning I suggest we meet up at the tunnel. When we have we can test that we can all go through the quartz to the village. If the transformation is successful we need to see how we look to each other. We need to test as to how or even if we can communicate. This first exercise would need to be taken slowly and carefully. Confidence needs to be gained. We also need to gain a feeling as to how we can use this new ability to the best advantage for our community - not to mention the village'.
Pearl was deadly serious for a moment. She continued by saying. 'I know that you two will both agree that any use of this ability must be for the good of our community and the planet. From what I can see; what we have uncovered is something exceedingly powerful. It must never ever be abused'.
'Yes you are so right Pearl', Lulu confirmed. 'Using this ability to do good can only bring about more good'. 
'Well', Pearl said finally. 'I reckon that that is just about enough in relation to my theories. Don't commit yourselves to going through the quartz tomorrow right now. I want you both to think about what I have said overnight. We can then meet up again in the morning. That said; I really don't believe that there is anything to be concerned about. That is in pursuing the idea of discovering what abilities we might have. Actually on thinking about it; it's possibly the other way around. If we don't take advantage of what we have discovered then there will be something to be afraid of. So on that basis if you two feel happy to do so; the three of us will go and test the theory tomorrow. In the meantime I'd suggest that we relax and enjoy the remainder of the evening'.
The three did indeed relax and enjoy the evening. Pearl had convinced Louie and Lulu that in relation to the quartz there was little to be afraid of. There was a feeling of excitement. It was on that basis that in all likelihood the three would attempt to go through the quartz on the following day.
****
What a pleasant evening it turned out to be. Louie and Lulu danced to the music a number of times. They were in love. Their wedding was imminent. Just to add a little something; there happened to be an elderly Cicada sitting by himself. Pearl asked him to dance with her. The dear old Cicada was simply overcome with joy that the Queen of the insect community had asked him to do so. Yes; the insect community along the west bank of the stream was a wonderful place to be. It needed to stay that way. It was just as Pearl had surmised. This was that what had been discovered in relation to the quartz did indeed keep the insect community safe forever and a day
****
Just as a footnote to this chapter; if the reader feels that what Pearl has relayed to Louie and Lulu to be a complete load of rubbish; it is suggested to do some research on the "Piezoelectric effect". It has to be said that Pearl Baker-Moth is one clever moth to have worked this all out for herself. She certainly is the Queen of the insects. The survival of the community unquestionably depends on her as will be seen. 

Chapter 13
A Theory Is Tested

The day when it was time to test Pearl's theory had duly arrived. Louie and Lulu were up and about early. Both were excited and nervous about what might eventuate. As with all good bees; both had brushed their bodies and washed their teeth. As far as the weather was concerned, it was quite a beautiful winter's day. There was little cloud to speak of. Temperature wise it wasn't that cold. This was because there was a light northerly breeze bringing air down from warmer latitudes.
It was when Louie and Lulu were up and about that the sun was still low to the east. Even so, temperatures were suitable for the pair to sit out on their sundeck following breakfast. This was with a refreshing cup of Louie's; and now Lulu's; favourite tea namely TG Tips. It was from where the two bees were sitting that the stream could be seen flowing quietly past below. The sunlight was filtering its way through the trees and bush that was situated on the opposite bank of the stream. The golden light of the sun flickered. This was as the trees moved in the slight breeze that was coming up the steam from the direction of the village. Louie had an arm about Lulu to hold her close. This was not only to express his love for her but to keep her warm as well. 
It was while holding Lulu that Louie on having reflected for a moment said. 'Pearl was so right Lulu. That is in saying last night that we need to do everything we can to protect what we have here. We just can't let the humans of the world destroy it'.
It was in response that Lulu sighed. She totally agreed with Louie. She continued by saying. 'What I find incredible Louie was what Pearl was saying about the greed and crime that exists in the human world. That is how they steal from one another and hurt each other. I've never known of this before; well not in our world at least. It seems to me that money is the root of it all. Seemingly humans will do anything to cheat each other out of it'.
'I agree', Louie responded. 'What also really amazes me is the immense amount of knowledge that Pearl has; and her ability to work things out. We are so fortunate to have her as our leader and Queen'.
It was once again that Louie glanced at the stream below. This was as well as at the trees and ferns that surrounded their little house. He then looked at Lulu. He couldn't help but think that he would never ever want to be part of the human world. 
'Lulu', Louie said at length. 'If you're agreeable I really do believe that we have to try this thing with Pearl. We owe it to her with all the effort she has made to look after us - as well as the other members of our community. In relation to what Pearl wants to try; the biggest fear I have is that something could go wrong and we can't get back. If we do this with her today; and something does go wrong; just remember that I do love you and I will forever'.
The pair hugged and kissed each other for a moment. It was a serious decision they were making. Lulu ultimately broke the silence. She turned where she was sitting alongside Louie to look into his eyes. She then said. 'I agree with you Louie. We have to do this with Pearl. Judging by what she has told us; if it all works out I'm sure that we can do so much to preserve what we have here now. We can't afford to be complacent about the future. Assuming we do go with Pearl; it's probably going to be a bit scary at times. Even so; just think how happy we will be if we make the effort and get back safely again. It will be something to celebrate'.
'Right my precious Lulu; it's agreed. I'll phone Pearl now to let her know we will be at her apartment within half an hour. I'll let her know that we are ready to go and test her theory. She needs our support of that I am sure'. 
'Yea!' Lulu responded. 'Let's go and do it! I'm so proud of you Louie'.
It was following confirmation with Pearl that it was all go that Louie and Lulu were soon out over the stream. This was on their way to Pearl's apartment. Pearl was exceedingly pleased that the pair had decided to accompany her to test her theory. She knew it had been a big decision for the two bees to make. Potentially there were indeed unforeseen risks involved.
So it was that the intrepid trio were soon at the quartz crystal rock face in the tunnel. In fact time wise it was coming up to 9.00a.m. The three had positioned themselves close enough to the quartz to make it pulse and glow with a blue light.
'What I suggest', Pearl said. 'Is that we link arms and move through the quartz together. When we are through on the other side I'd suggest for our safety the following. No matter how strong the impulse is to scream or cry out; don't utter a sound. Once we are through the quartz at the bank; follow me'.
The three insects advanced towards the somewhat imposing wall of quartz. This was with what was not unnaturally a degree of nervousness. They had linked arms just as Pearl had suggested. Lulu looked up at Louie. She was clinging to him ever so tightly. The pulsing blue light was becoming more and more intense as the three moved closer to the quartz
'Here goes!' Pearl called out. 'Remember on the other side; strict silence until we know more'.
Yea! They were all through! There they were in the open outside the bank in the village. There were plenty of people about. Pearl carefully led Louie and Lulu away to a clear grassed area. It was an area in front of the bank where at least for the time being there were no people.
'Can you hear me?' Pearl pronounced in raised a whisper.
'Wow; yes I can', Louie said with much excitement.
'Yes; I can too', Lulu confirmed.
It was once communication was established that the three released their hold on one another. They then took the opportunity to look at each other. The only way to put it was that their appearances were that of being human sized, translucent blue, almost nymph like creatures. All three possessed somewhat large and quite beautiful transparent blue wings. One point of difference was that they no longer possessed the six legs of an insect. It was instead that they had the arms, hands, and legs of a human. Pearl was the largest and tallest of the three. Next in size there was Louie with Lulu being the smallest. Apart from differing sizes it was appearance wise that they were difficult to tell apart.
Pearl spoke. 'I forgot to mention it yesterday. It appears to be that our smellphones or anything else we have with us doesn't arrive on this side. Apart from talking directly to each other it seems that we don't have any other means of communicating. If anything does go wrong; and we become separated; I'd suggest we make it a rule to make our own way back through the quartz here at the bank'.
Louie and Lulu stood speechless for a moment.  This was while coming to terms with what had taken place; not to mention what they could see about them. It was unbelievable. Pearl waited for a moment for the pair to gain confidence. She then said to Louie. 'Let's test something. Louie, see that group of people standing by the bank entrance?'
'Yes', Louie confirmed.
'Shout out "Oy!" to them. Do so as loud as you can'.
Louie did as Pearl had bid. Sure enough the group of people turned to stare in the direction of Louie's "Oy". They had heard him but couldn't see anything.
'Now you can see what I mean', Pearl said. 'We can be heard but we can't be seen'.
'What I suggest now', Pearl continued. 'Is that we go back through the quartz to the tunnel. This time we can step through one by one. You go through first Lulu then Louie. I will stay to the last in case anything should go wrong'.
So it was that the three made their way over a short distance back to the Bank. This was from the grassed area where they were standing and conferring with one another. It was once they were standing close to the quartz that Louie gave Lulu a hug. This was to reassure her that all would be okay in proceeding on her own.  It was then that Louie and Pearl stepped back. This was while Lulu advanced towards the quartz. 
'Right; here goes!' A very brave Lulu called out to the others. 
It was as Lulu advanced that the quartz commenced glowing and pulsing with an intense almost electric blue light. None of the people close by noticed it. Lulu then disappeared. Louie followed and then Pearl. It was amazing. It had worked. They were all back on the other side in the tunnel!
Lulu was overjoyed that the mission had been successful. Most of all she was overjoyed that they were all safe - particularly her beloved Louie. Lulu as a result of the success; who of course was now back as being a bee; jumped for joy. It has been reported that this is what female bumblebees do when excited. Anyway; it was as far as Lulu was concerned; this going through the quartz stuff had really turned out to be something exciting! In fact the three insects then hugged and congratulated one another. They laughed with relief that it had been so simple!
'Right', Pearl said with some seriousness. 'It seems to be that there is no problem going back and forth through the quartz. The next thing is to see if there are any risks associated with doing things on the other side. Let's go back again. Be careful to avoid touching anybody. Remember that they can feel you but not see you. Remember also that the beating of our wings may be heard; or the wash of air from our wings felt.  That is if we are close to anyone. What I suggest this time is that once we are through the quartz that we fly over the area. Keep close and follow me at all times at this early stage. Remember that you don't have to do anything special to fly. Just fly as you normally do. Nothing is any different. It will be instinctive to do so'.
So it was that Pearl, Louie, and Lulu were through the quartz and back outside the bank once more. Pearl on having ensured that the two bees were with her; then took off. She launched herself into the air while beckoning the others to follow. Louie and Lulu found it to be just as Pearl had said. They could simply fly as they normally did.
Louie and Lulu flew close together behind Pearl. Lulu studied Louie beside her. It wasn't the same. Louie didn't have a wonderful warm furry body any more. Even so he was a rather magnificent translucent blue, human or nymph like form - and it was seemingly that of sorts he still had a loveable bee face. Lulu could reach out to touch Louie and even take his hand in hers. It was when she did take his hand that he felt neither warm nor cold. It was almost as though he didn't exist. "Thank goodness", Lulu had thought to herself. "At least we can talk to one another".
It was having done a few circles over the village that Pearl led the way on up into the sky. When the three had reached what in human terms was possibly five hundred feet; Pearl pointed to the distant city she had referred to the day before. This was the city that was sprawling ever closer to the village.
'As you can see', Pearl called out to Louie and Lulu. 'It won't be too much longer before the village here becomes part of that city. That will be the time when our world as we know it could be destroyed'. 
Yes; it was disturbing for the insects to contemplate what could happen. Rather than dwelling on it; Pearl then led the way down to the stream. It was just as Pearl had said the day before. For some reason there was no sign of the Reserve Bank. This was as well as the Nest Café, the supermarket, or Louie and Lulu's house. Even so, they could see the cross Pearl had marked on the ground. It was most strange. There were many unanswered questions.
Pearl then led the way on to Mr McFarland's place. Yes; there was Mr McFarland outside his house giving breadcrumbs to some sparrows. He was a kind man. He loved all small creatures.
'This will be interesting', Pearl said. 'Let's head down and land close to Mr McFarland. Be careful with the washes of air we produce off our wings. In the main I'm curious to know if the sparrows can see us'.
The three insects glided silently in. They made a point of landing reasonably close to the sparrows. They didn't move. Mr McFarland didn't see any of the three blue nymph-like forms arrive either. It was then with Louie's curiosity aroused that he whispered to Pearl. 'Let's go down to the shed. Let's see if we can see the Factory'.
'Good idea Louie', Pearl confirmed. 'We need to learn as much as we can while we are on this side of the quartz'.
It was this time that Louie led the way. Having arrived at Mr McFarland's shed; it was found to be that the portal to the Factory; that is the hole in the shed roof; could be clearly seen. Even so, there was no Factory inside. Amazingly enough they came across a number of ants on the floor of the shed. This was close to where the Ten Ants normally lived. In effect the Ten Ants were there but there was no way that Pearl, Louie, or Lulu could communicate with them!
Having stopped to have a look around for a moment, it was then that Pearl made a suggestion. 'Let's head off and sit down by the stream for a moment. Let's take stock of what we have seen so far'.
So it was that Pearl found a nice grassy spot in the sun close to the stream. The three sat down and relaxed for a bit. It was indeed a good idea to pause and reflect for a moment on what they had come across. This was as well to reflect on what they were and where they were. It was just so incredibly surreal to find things so different.
Something that was quite strange was that none of the insects could feel the warmth of the sun. It was a neutral feeling. There was no sense of hot or cold. Just while on the topic of the "sun"; it was found to be that the weather on this side of the quartz was just the same as what they had left behind. It was while relaxing close to the stream that Pearl and her enquiring mind were at work. One of the biggest puzzles to her was that the stream was there but they couldn't see their homes; and other things where they normally lived. 
'I believe', Pearl went on to say; this was subsequent to a period of silence and intense thinking on her part. 'That in coming here through the quartz there must be a time difference between our world and the human world. It may only be a few seconds or a fraction of a second for all we know. I don't believe that we can see where we live because if we could; we could alter things that have happened in either the past or the future'.
This was an exceedingly profound statement by Pearl. It had Louie and Lulu deep in thought for a while. It was almost too much to comprehend.
It was following a further period of deep thought and silence that Pearl then continued with. 'My thinking is that what we have discovered is simply too complex to ever explain fully. I guess we have to accept it for what it is. The main thing is that we make use of this privilege we have uncovered to the best of our advantage. We will learn more about what we can and can't do as time goes on. Sometime when we have gained a bit more confidence; and we know more about any limitations we might have; we should head to the big city we saw from the air. We can then perhaps check out what we can do to preserve our future here. I have a few ideas that we can discuss in due course. Just as a matter of interest; do either of you have any questions or observations that need to be answered?'
'One thing', Louie responded. 'It's strange for a bee like me who likes his food; and who likes to snack quite frequently; that I don't have any sense of being hungry or thirsty'.
'Me neither', Lulu concurred.
'Yes; that is an interesting point', Pearl agreed. 'I wonder how long we can stay here without food or water. Or is it even relevant to the form we are in? Why is it we need to breathe yet maybe we don't need food or water? It sure is a puzzle'.
It was then out of curiosity that Lulu reached out to touch Louie. Truth be told it was to make sure her mate was still there. She then made the comment. 'Louie when I touch you, I can feel you as an object yet there is no warmth or cold. I know that it is probably not the case but it really is as though we all exist in some sort of dream'.
It was in response to what Lulu had said that Pearl sighed a big sigh. It was the sort of sigh she uttered when she didn't have the answer. She then went on to say. 'I agree Lulu; it is like being in a dream. It can't be a dream because we are in total control of our actions'.  
It was subsequent to resting for a while that Louie made a suggestion. 'Let's fly over the Valley Barn and see if we can see anything'.
So it was that the insects took off once more. This time they headed east away from the stream. Sure enough it was just as it should have been. The Valley Barn; that is the building itself; was there. Even so, there was no sign of Al Spider or any of the gang; not that there should have been after the starling attack. However there were spiders there that were similar to the type that Al Spider and the Gang had been. 
'Louie and Lulu', Pearl called out on observing the spiders below. 'I firmly believe that there must be some slight time difference here. Even so; it doesn't fully explain things'.
'Before we head back to the quartz', Pearl continued. 'I suggest that we head to the cake shop. I'm curious to know if we can fetch a piece of chocolate cake and take it back with us. That is through the quartz'.
'Good idea', Louie agreed. 'Tell you what Pearl; on the way to the village; let's take a quick look at the streetlight where your apartment is'.
'Good idea Louie'.
Well; the streetlight where Pearl normally lived didn't provide much joy. There was no sign of her apartment. It was just a streetlight. It was on having seen nothing that our intrepid explorers headed back to the village. That is to the cake shop.
The cake shop; this was together with numerous other shops; was on the edge of a landscaped and grassed square off to one side of the High Street.   Louie, Lulu and Pearl landed in the middle of the aforementioned square.
 'We have to be careful here', Pearl said with almost a laugh. 'If people see a piece of chocolate cake floating across the square they might panic. 'Just to be safe; let me go and fetch it. I believe if I encompass the chocolate cake within my so called "hands" it won't be visible'.
Pearl flew off to the cake shop. She flew high enough to avoid coming into close contact with any people as she went. Louie and Lulu watched Pearl from where they were sitting waiting on the grass. They saw her swoop down and then disappear into the cake shop.
Pearl was back in a moment. Having arrived she opened her hands that were cupped together. Sure enough; there was the chocolate cake for all to see. It puzzled Louie that he had no desire to eat the delicious looking piece of cake. Well the fact was that he couldn't eat it. Eating or drinking anything was impossible while being through the quartz.
'Well', Pearl said at length. 'I believe that we have had enough excitement for one day. I don't want to push our luck too far. I suggest that we head back through the quartz and see if we can take the chocolate cake back with us. Louie I suggest that you take it with you. I know you will be dying to have some if we manage to get it through the quartz!'
It was then that the three stood for a moment to take stock of their surroundings. It was a case of continuing not to believe what was happening. Lulu held Louie's hand; that is the one without the chocolate cake. Not that it really meant anything for Lulu to hold Louie's hand. This was because there no sense of feeling.
'Louie', Pearl said before heading back to the quartz. 'What I suggest is that this time you lead the way. Lulu; you then follow Louie. I'll follow last. Let's try heading  back through the quartz single file this time. That is one after the other while flying. I don't believe that there is any necessity to stop and walk through the quartz'.
So it was that the three took off and flew to the bank wall in single file. It was with Louie leading the way that one by one they disappeared.
What a relief to be back in the tunnel. Lulu hugged Louie; he was real again. Louie caressed Lulu's soft black fur to reassure her. Yes; it was good to be back in familiar surroundings within the tunnel. The beeswax candles; that is the ones along the wall that extended off into the distance; were still burning. They were doing so with a welcoming yellow light. Somehow it was home.
Louie however was really disappointed about one thing. The chocolate cake hadn't come through the quartz! It had become obvious that they couldn't bring anything back; or forth for that matter; though the quartz.
'Never mind Louie', Pearl said with a smile. 'If it had come through it might have mutated into something horrible and smelly!'
****
The whole experience of having been through the quartz had been an exciting adventure. Even so, it had also been emotionally draining. It was for a moment that the three insects held each other tightly. Much could have gone wrong but it hadn't. The reality of the situation was that they could do it again whenever they wanted to. 
The change from the tense feelings that had been in existence on the other side of the quartz; this was to feelings of tremendous relief that they were all now safe; had an effect on the insects. It was as though they were coming out of a state of shock. Pearl who was usually exceedingly calm and collected in any situation broke down. Tears of emotion flowed. It was with a voice that quavered a little that she said. 'I'm so glad you two are unharmed. It is such a relief to be home again. The wonderful thing is that it really does appear to be quite safe for us to do it again'.
Lulu in being unable to hold back started crying just as Pearl had. Louie gulped back a sob or two. This was with relief that his precious Lulu was safe and sound. There really had been the underlying thought that something could go terribly wrong. 
'What a hopeless pack of softies we are', Pearl said at length. She was crying and laughing at the same time!
It was as a means to rest for a moment that the three insects sat down. This was on a conveniently placed rock alongside the tunnel wall. Where they were sitting was in close proximity to the quartz face. On that basis the three were bathed in blue light. It was an opportunity to talk further about the experience. This was as well as to recap on the dangers, the strange things that had happened, not to mention the highlights. 
'What I suggest we do over the next week', Pearl ventured to say. 'Is that now we have more confidence we make our way through the quartz as and when we feel like it. It will give us even more confidence and understanding if we do. When we have had more practice it will be then that we can look at further options. I suggest in particular what we might do to make the world a better place'.
'Tonight', Pearl continued; this was as they walked back up the tunnel. 'I believe that we should all head to the Nest Café and celebrate the success of today. This could in fact have been one of the most important days of our lives. I mean not only important for us, but for the whole insect community'.
Pearl didn't realise it then but what she was saying was indeed true. This is as will be seen as our story continues to unfold.
The trio continued on up and out of the tunnel. It was about 1.00p.m when they had emerged into the fresh air and sunshine. It was before leaving that Louie gave Pearl a key. This was so she could come and go from the tunnel as she pleased. It was finally that once outside the tunnel that Pearl gave Louie and Lulu a hug. There were tears of happiness in her eyes as she bid adieu. This was before heading up and away to her apartment. Pearl's mind was racing with ideas she had. That is ideas for using the new found ability. Most of all though it was with ideas as to how to better fulfil her role as the Queen of the insect community and to protect it.
It was when Pearl had departed that Louie locked the door to the tunnel. He and Lulu then flew back to the stream and on home. What a relief to be back. It was once they were inside their little house that Louie and Lulu held each other close for many minutes. It was for the two bees the relief that everything was in place just as it should be was overwhelming So it was that later that day in the evening the two bees joined Pearl at the Nest Café. It was once more that they all had a truly wonderful evening. There was much dancing and celebration.

Chapter 14
A Mission On The Other Side

Time of the year in relation to our story has now moved on to the end of winter. It has been over a number of weeks that Louie, Lulu, and Pearl, have been through the quartz on numerous occasions. Sometimes they have done so together. On other occasions it has been Pearl by herself; or Louie and Lulu without the company of Pearl. This going back and forth through the quartz has been to gain familiarity as well as complete confidence. Yes; it has to be said that by this time it had become second nature to the insects to make their way through the quartz. 
It's interesting to note that although moving through the quartz was a truly fascinating experience for the three insects; it was just as it is with anything that's no longer "new" so to speak. It palled to a degree after a while. The insects quite frankly liked to remain in the comfort of their own environment. They did so unless something warranted their attention on the so called other side. So far nothing had. This was because things had been fairly quiet in the village in recent times. In fact all creatures and people living in the vicinity of the stream had been getting on with their lives in peace and harmony.
It was aside from taking the effort to make their way through the quartz that Louie and Lulu had found the time to set a date for their wedding. It was to be at the end of spring. They had chosen the end of spring because it would mean the weather would be much improved as well as being warmer. A honeymoon had also been planned. Louie wanted to take Lulu to the cave overlooking the sea. This was the place where Virgil had taken them along with Pearl and the Ten Ants a couple of years earlier. As far as the marriage celebrant was concerned; Louie and Lulu had asked Pearl Baker-Moth; that is the Queen of the insects; to marry them. Pearl was of course only too delighted to do this for the two bees. Apart from which; Louie and Lulu had a special place in Pearl's heart. Well moths don't actually have hearts but we get the drift. 
A venue for the wedding had also been set. Pearl had originally suggested the Country Club. Even so, both Louie and Lulu had thought that the Nest Café might be better. However it was after finalising the guest list that the Nest Café had ended up being too small. With the large numbers that would be attending it was in the end that Virgil's hangar was opted for. The Nest Café still had a role to play because they had been asked to do the catering. On that basis Virgil's wasps were to collect and fly the food in on the day. Virgil and Virginia were only too glad to assist in any way that they could. That is in having recently been married themselves. Yes Louie and Lulu's wedding was going to be a grand event for the insects living along the stream. There were also quite a number of relatives and friends coming in from outside the area.
As far as numbers of wedding guests were concerned; it was even with Virgil's hangar that there had still been an issue with catering for the number of attendees. Virgil had kindly suggested that they could use the roof of the hangar to take additional guests. The roof was in fact ideal; that is assuming it didn't rain. This was because Virgil had adapted it as a spacious facility for his wasps to come and go from. Yes; overall there was plenty of room for everyone. Incidentally; if it did rain on the day there was an option to protect the guests who were on the roof of the hangar. Large dock leaves supported on sticks and secured in place with spider webs could be used. A company called Spider Marquees Ltd could be called on at short notice to provide the necessaries. 
Louie and Lulu had conveniently divided the guest list up into close friends and not so close friends. With the arrangement that Virgil had suggested; Louie and Lulu felt it to be appropriate that the close friends be inside the hangar with them. The not so close friends could be catered for outside on the roof of the hangar. So it was that the former list was headed up as the "hangar's in" list and the latter as the "hangar's on" list! 
Yes; things were just ticking along nicely. Pearl had even sorted out the differences she had with Sir Cada and Lady Bird. This was over the failure of the tunnel project. They were all on good terms again. In fact in relation to Sir Cada and Lady Bird it was one Tuesday morning that Pearl was preening herself in readiness to join them. This was to be at the Country Club for lunch. She was about to leave when she had a call from one of her Cabinet Ministers. It was the one that had been codenamed Granddad. The conversation went something like this. 
'Good morning M; Granddad reporting in'. It would be remembered that in reference to this hush-hush K.G.B. type stuff that Pearl was referred to as being "M". It was touched on earlier that "M" was probably for "moth".
Pearl had responded somewhat hopefully to Granddad; this was in not wanting to have her luncheon appointment ruined; by saying. 'Good morning Granddad. I hope everything is alright?' 
'Don't know M', Granddad had responded. 'I have to report that south of McFarland's house, the council from the village seems to be carrying out some work. It appears to be some sort of work that may affect the stream community. Don't know for sure yet exactly what it is that is going on. Even so, it can be confirmed that there is a bulldozer cutting a path from the road to the stream. There are a couple of workman's vehicles on site as well; not to mention two or three workmen'.
Pearl responded somewhat pensively. 'Don't like the sound of it Granddad'. 
'I don't either Mam. I know that the village council carries out routine maintenance work now and then; even so; what attracted the attention of one of our Flight Sergeants was that there was a group of villagers with placards in attendance. They were protesting somewhat vehemently about whatever it is that the council is doing'. 
'Good work Granddad', Pearl responded. 'Thanks for that. Please keep in touch. Let me know immediately any more details as they come to hand'.
It was following Pearl's communication with Granddad that she had muttered to herself. 'Don't like the sound of it. I don't like it one little bit. What is it that the council is up to?'
It was on having finished muttering to herself that Pearl then phoned Louie. This was to tell him of what she had learned. Of course Louie didn't know where Pearl had obtained the information from. No; the K.G.B had to remain secret to be an effective security tool for the insect community.
Louie was at the Factory when Pearl had phoned. The Factory was working a couple of days this particular week on some of Virgil's wasps. Most of Virgil's wasps had a clean and polish once a fortnight. Lulu was at the Factory with Louie as usual. She was working on bookkeeping type things in the office.
'Louie', Pearl said on having explained what was happening south of Mr McFarland's place. 'I would ask that tomorrow morning first thing that you, Lulu, and myself, go through the quartz to the village. We need to see if we can glean any information as to what is going on. I suggest for starters that we have a look at the community notice board. Depending on what we uncover; we can if necessary head down to the site and have a look for ourselves. I really don't like the sound of what is going on. It would be good to determine if there is a threat to our community'.
'Right; you're on Pearl', Louie confirmed. He was quite excited that there might be something constructive to do with their new found ability. 'Lulu and I will come up to your place at say 8.00 a.m if that suits you Pearl'.
'Excellent', Pearl responded. 'See you both then'.
Pearl would have suggested going to check out the community notice board that day. That is if it hadn't been for the luncheon at the Country Club. She dare not cancel the appointment with Sir Cada and Lady Bird. This was especially so in having just settled the rift that had existed because of the tunnel project.
****
The following morning turned out to be a reasonable sort of day. There happened to be a strong and somewhat cool northerly wind blowing. Apart from the wind slowing Louie and Lulu's progress up to Pearl's apartment, it was of no particular concern. This was because the sun was shining from a cloudless sky.
It was soon that Louie Lulu and Pearl were through the quartz to the village. The community notice board that they wanted to take a look at was at the edge of the grassed square. That is the grassed square that was close to the cake shop. The three insects in their invisible forms moved in close to the notice board. They had to make a special effort not to make physical contact with the people close to them.  This was together with not making a sound if anyone was close by.
The community notice board was typical of many. Stuck all over it were all manner of notices. In many cases they were one on top of the other. There were notices about coming events, council meetings, church groups, workshops, a fair, library opening hours - you name it. It was initially for our trio that there seemed to be everything in the way of notices except what they were looking for. 
It was with a little searching; and looking beneath notices that were stuck on top of one another; that Lulu thought she had found something. She whispered to Louie and Pearl. 'This might be it. Look at this. There's something here about a water pipe'.
Sure enough there was a council notice that was suitably small and hidden from view. Presumably this was so that nobody would notice it. The notice was advising that a large water pipe was to be put in place along the stream. It was a pipe that was to commence from somewhere south of Mr McFarland's property. Water was to be drawn from an artesian source that had apparently been recently discovered. The intention appeared to be to run the pipe above ground along the west bank of the stream to the village. This was while being supported by concrete supports placed at appropriate intervals. The reason behind the council constructing the pipe was detailed at the bottom of the notice. Apparently because of the expansion of the village population the project had become necessary; that is to keep the village supplied with water in future years. The notice also advised the public to keep clear of the area from a certain date. This was because there was to be some rock blasting where the pipeline was obstructed by rocky outcrops. This was at multiple locations along the western bank of the stream. 
Pearl thought it to be interesting that judging by what the notice stated; people could submit objections to the project. Unfortunately it appeared to be that the final date for objections closed sometime before the notice was even put up. Yes; this made Pearl somewhat angry. In her mind the council had an agenda to defy the villager's wishes. Her immediate thoughts were that possibly a councillor had a vested interest in the company doing the work. Hmmm; surely that wouldn't be the case when council's were put in place to help citizens? 
Anyway; it was apart from the text of the notice itself that there was a small sketch. The sketch showed exactly where the pipeline would run in relation to the stream. What could be seen brought despair to the three insects. Should the pipeline work proceed it would wipe out not only Virgil's operation but Louie and Lulu's house. This was as well the Nest Café, the supermarket, and the Reserve Bank. All the things that were so important to the insect community and their lives would be gone in the name of progress.
'This really is serious', Pearl said at length. She was stunned. 'I can't believe it. Our beautiful stream ruined in the name of progress'.
Louie and Lulu were also extremely upset. Their whole future and happiness were at stake. Pearl who was momentarily silent with the shock of it all then said. 'Look at this Louie and Lulu. There's another notice here asking villagers to sign a petition saying that they don't want the pipeline along the stream. That's why they have been down at the site protesting about this nonsense'.
Pearl was indeed somewhat angry about what had been discovered. She was fired up. It has to be said "woe betide" anyone who fired up Pearl. This was especially so in relation to anything that might adversely affect the insect community. She was fiercely protective of her Queendom.   
'It really amazes me', Pearl continued. 'In the human world the people elect politicians to serve them. Then the politicians in complete arrogance ignore the people's wishes and do exactly what they want!'
Pearl was pensive for a moment. This was before saying to Louie and Lulu. 'Well team; I believe that this might be our first job with our new found ability. It's a job to not only save our own future but to also help the people of the village. I suggest that while we are this side of the quartz that we head up to the site and see what is going on'.
So it was that Pearl, Louie, and Lulu; this was in their invisible forms; took off and headed on up the stream. It was about half past eight when they had arrived at the construction site. This was where the stream section of the pipeline was to be commenced; There was a large group of citizens with placards in attendance. They had grouped to block the progress of a bulldozer. Louie, Lulu, and Pearl could see that the bulldozer was in place to commence the removal of bush and trees to clear a path for the pipeline. The citizens in attendance were chanting, 'Don't spoil our stream with your bloody pipe dream!' They were doing so relentlessly over and over again.
It was when Louie, Lulu, and Pearl had arrived that they glided silently in. They landed right beside where all the action was taking place. Of course none of the villagers or workers in attendance could see the three blue nymph-like creatures that had just arrived. It was on arrival that our three could see that leading the protesters was Mr McFarland. He was waving a placard that stated. "Don't spoil my property! Put the pipe somewhere else". Yes; poor Mr McFarland.
Confronting the protesters was a red faced, unshaven, giant size, bull necked foreman. He had a couple of cronies at his side. "Bull Neck" as we shall refer to him had just about reached the end of his patience with the protestors. It appeared to be that the protesters had been on site since 7.00 a.m. It was with patience wearing thin that Bull Neck; this was with a hand held loud speaker; shouted. 'You lot have been warned. Unless you leave the site now we will turn the hose on you'.
The protesters continued to ignore Bull Neck's threats. They stood their ground. This was while continuing to chant. 'Don't spoil our stream with your bloody pipe dream!' Feelings were running high. Bull Neck was becoming more infuriated by the minute. His face was indeed red with anger.
'Right', Bull Neck muttered while hardly able to contain his rage. It was then using the loud speaker that he yelled. 'Thirty seconds you lot. You have been bloody well warned. Fred, point the hose at them!'
The hose in question was normally used to clean equipment. It was connected to a powerful petrol driven pump drawing water from the stream. The pump motor was running. The protesters took no notice of Bull Neck. They continued to stand their ground. This was as well as to continue to chant their slogan; much to the annoyance of Bull Neck. 
It was when thirty seconds had passed that Bull Neck ordered the hose on. The resulting blast was powerful. It knocked a few senior citizens; this included Mr McFarland; to the ground. They were soaked. Bull Neck laughed on seeing the results of a blast from the hose. 'Serve you right!' he yelled. 'I don't want to see you lot here ever again'.
It was unfortunate but under the circumstances the protesters had no alternative but to leave. There was a risk of injury if they stayed. Pearl, Louie, and Lulu on witnessing what had happened rushed in to help those who had been knocked down.
Mr McFarland who of course couldn't see who had helped him to his feet uttered. 'Thank you, thank you Lord'. In being a religious man he had thought that there must have been some divine intervention. It was as the protesters reluctantly departed that Pearl, Louie, and Lulu sat down on a convenient rock. This was to give consideration to the situation that had come about. The question was; what to do next. They weren't going to allow Bull Neck to get away with what he had done. 
It was once the protesters had departed that the bulldozer started up again. This was to carry on clearing bush and making a pathway. The pathway that was being formed was to lead some distance away to where there was a large mound of rock close to the stream. It was a significant piece of rock that was standing in the way of the proposed pipeline.
'I suppose', Pearl whispered to the others. 'That large piece of rock we can see is one that this lot are going to blast and remove. I would assume that this path that they are cutting through the bush is not only for the pipeline; it is also to bring drilling equipment in. My guess is that they'll drill holes in the rock and insert sticks of dynamite'. 
It was for the time being that the insects kept well out of the way of operations. They took the opportunity to further observe exactly what was going on. It was after about half an hour or so that the bulldozer had cleared a pathway to the rock. It was a pathway that was indeed wide enough to take a vehicle of some sort. Once the pathway was complete the bulldozer was then turned around and run back up to the road. 
So it was with a cleared pathway now in place that Bull Neck drove a largish truck along it. The truck had for the interim been parked up at the road. It was loaded with prefabricated boxing sections. It was as the truck moved along that the boxing sections were offloaded to be placed at regular intervals. The "placing business" was carried out by Fred and a mate called Blue. This was while bull Neck drove the truck. It became obvious to the insects that these boxing sections were to be filled with concrete. Judging by the shape of them they were to form the necessary supports for the pipe. 
It was just after 10.00 a.m when Bull Neck yelled to the others, 'Smoko!' It was as a result that Fred and Blue stopped what they were doing. Having done so, they grabbed their morning tea from the front of the truck. The three workmen; this included Bull Neck; then sat together on the ground in the shade of some ferns. The main topic of conversation seemed to be laughing at what had happened with the protesters.
Louie in being a bit of a mischievous bee at heart; and still feeling somewhat angry about what had happened to the protesters; whispered to the others. 'Let's have some fun!' It was Pearl who responded by saying. 'Go for it Louie'.
So it was that Louie moved closer to where Bull Neck was sitting. He happened to have his back to him. Louie in his invisible form picked up a stone and hurled it at Bull Neck. It caught him fair and square in the middle of his great thick neck.
Bull Neck immediately got to his feet in a rage. He was furiously rubbing the back of his neck.  Louie had thought that Bull Neck had yelled out something like "D-U-C-K!" This was when he had been hit by the stone.  Louie subsequently reflected to himself that he might have been wrong on this count. His reasoning was that nobody in their right mind would say "duck" after being hit by something. One usually said it when they were about to be hit by something.
It was as a result of Louie's efforts with the stone that Bull Neck; this was with a look of thunder on his face; roared. 'Who's there?!' 
Of course Bull Neck couldn't see anybody. 'Bloody kids I bet', he muttered to Fred and Blue. It was on not having seen anybody about that Bull Neck sat down again with his mates. This was while continuing to rub the back of his neck. 
Louie in being pleased with his efforts then picked up another stone. He aimed it at Bull Neck once again. This time he missed him and hit Fred instead. It was as a result that Fred yelled something that once again sounded like 'D-U-C-K!' Well that was what Louie had thought. It was just as Bull Neck had done. Louie felt this to be really quite weird.
It was subsequent to Louie's second effort that Fred; this was with the shock of the impact of the stone; had the misfortune to throw his hot cup of tea all over Bull Neck. Bull Neck in response then stood up and socked Fred in the face!
'What the hell did you do that for!' Bull Neck yelled at Fred. Poor Bull Neck. Not only did he have a sore neck from Louie's earlier effort; he was now suffering burns from the hot tea as well! 
'Sorry', Fred responded somewhat apologetically. In essence he was scared of Bull Neck in being the bully he was. 'S-sorry mate', Fred continued. 'But I got hit by a bloody stone just as you did'.
It was in response to what Fred had said that Bull Neck yelled 'W-H-A-T! Those little F?ers'. (Bleep, censored here). This is as he walked over to the bushes where he thought the stones were coming from. The insects had to move quickly to get out of the way.
Bull Neck who was fast losing patience yelled. 'Come out of there you lot. Otherwise I will come in and find you and give you a hiding', 
Of course nothing happened. Bull Neck then went back to join the other two and sat down again. The insects could hardly contain themselves.
It was as a result of having moved to get out of the way of Bull Neck that the insects were now positioned behind Fred. Lulu then whispered. 'It's my turn'. So it was that in not wanting to miss out on the action, she picked up a stone and hurled it at the back of Fred.
Lulu in not being particularly good at aiming; missed Fred and it caught Bull Neck right on the nose! This was just too much for Bull Neck. He now had a sore neck, a sore nose, and he was burnt from the spilt tea. He stood up and roared. 'You bloody kids, I'll get you!' 
It was in a rage that Bull Neck headed to the truck. It was there that he fetched his smartphone to call up his boss. It was on having made contact with his boss that he yelled into the phone. 'I want some bloody protection down here. Kids are chucking rocks at us. Send the police with dogs and have them rounded up'.
It was on having made the call to his boss that Bull Neck; this was in somewhat of a rage; sat down yet again. That is with Fred and Blue. He had brought his phone with him this time in case he needed to make further calls. It was at that moment that Pearl seized the opportunity. It was without saying a word to Louie and Lulu that she moved silently forward. Having done so she picked up Bull Neck's smartphone and dropped it in his tea. 
Oh dear. Bull Neck just lost it then. The surrounding trees were just about blown over with Bull Neck's expletives. It was then to inflame the situation even more that poor Blue; who didn't say much anyway, moved away from where Bull Neck was frantically shaking his tea soaked smartphone.  It was then as a nervous oversight that Blue sat on Bull Neck's cut lunch! The fact that Blue was quite a rotund chap meant that Bull Neck's bloater paste sandwiches looked more like pan cakes!  It was ultimately that Fred and Blue; who were terrified by thoughts of what Bull Neck might do next; were about to take off. They didn't because the police with dogs had arrived.
'Right team', whispered Pearl. 'Time to make a strategic withdrawal. Let's fly back down stream a bit. We can land in an obscure spot and discuss what we do next'.
It so happened that Louie, Lulu, and Pearl alighted on the east bank of the stream. This was some distance away from the action. It was having made themselves comfortable that Pearl said. 'It was too risky for us to stay there with police dogs around. We really have no idea as to whether we can be detected by dogs when we are on the other side of the quartz like this'.
The three insects lay on the ground for a while. They laughed until it hurt with what had happened. It had really come to the fore what it was that they could achieve while being invisible. There was a realisation that they really could use their new found abilities to make the world a better place. 
It was after having rested for a while that Pearl said. 'Well team; I believe that we have done all we can for today. Let's make a point of coming back in the morning. Let's see what we can achieve then. The police and the dogs won't find anything. On that basis I doubt if they will come back tomorrow'.
Louie and Lulu agreed with Pearl. It would be rather nice to head back home again and have some lunch.
****
It was on the following morning that Louie, Lulu, and Pearl headed to the tunnel. It was then on through the quartz.  Having done so, they arrived at the pipe construction site at about 9.00 a.m. It was a fine cool day with little wind.
It had been on the previous day; this was following all the fiasco in the morning; that the men had made some progress. All the sections of boxing for the pipe supports were in place. This was right up to the rock that was to be blasted. When the insects in their invisible forms had arrived they could see that Bull Neck and Fred were on site. It was possible that Blue had had enough with what had happened the day before. For some reason he hadn't turned up.
It was when our intrepid team had arrived that Bull Neck and Fred were sitting in the sun while leaning against a tree. This was not far from the rock that needed to be removed in order to progress the water pipeline. It appeared as though they might be waiting for a concrete truck to arrive. This was to fill the boxing that had been put in place for the pipe supports. It was while Bull Neck and Fred waited that it was typical of such ilk they talked drivel about sport. It was some sport that they felt they knew more about than anybody else. It amazed Louie that just about every second word that they uttered seemed to be either the word "Duck" or "Ducken" this and "Ducken" that. Yes; Louie thought it to be most unusual. 
Bull Neck had left his truck parked up by the road. This was presumably to allow free access for the concrete truck. The insects waited and watched. Their waiting was rewarded when after about a quarter hour or so another man arrived. It soon became obvious by the conversation that ensued he was there to deliver concrete. Apparently he had for the time being parked his concrete truck up by the road. He had walked in to obtain the necessary instructions from Bull Neck.
It was on seeing the situation that Pearl declared with some urgency. 'Quick; follow me'.
Pearl took off. She flew at speed back along the cleared path. This was with Louie and Lulu in hot pursuit. Yes; on having arrived at the road; there it was. There was a large concrete truck with its barrel turning on the back. It was ready to move in along the cleared pathway to fill the boxed sections with concrete. It so happened that the concrete truck was parked right next to Bull Neck's truck.
It was on seeing an opportunity that Pearl called out. 'Louie, Lulu; come and help me. We need to be quick. Lulu, wind down the side window of Bull Neck's truck. Louie; help me with this chute at the back of the concrete truck'. Of course the insects could do all this totally unseen by anybody. That is in being invisible once through the quartz.
Pearl and Louie manoeuvred the concrete chute at the back of the truck. This was to put the end of it through the now open window of Bull Neck's truck.
'Louie be quick', Pearl yelled. 'Pull on that lever on the right hand side. Pull it down as far as it will go'.
Sure enough; it was when Louie had done as Pearl had directed that the concrete truck barrel started turning fast. It was as a result that wet concrete started to flow down the chute. Yes; it flowed down the chute and on through the window of Bull Neck's truck! It kept on flowing until the concrete was right up to the dash board! Goodness me; what a mess!
It was when the cab of Bull Neck's truck was full of concrete that Pearl yelled once more. 'Quick Louie. Put everything back as it was. Push that lever right up to the top again'.
So it was that Louie pushed the lever back up. In the meantime Pearl and Lulu swung the chute back to where it should be at the back of the concrete truck. It was with everything back in place that Pearl called out once more. 'Right; it's back to Bull Neck and Fred'.
It was once the concrete truck driver had talked to Bull Neck; and gained the necessary instructions; that he commenced sauntering back to his truck. In not suspecting anything to be amiss he drove the concrete truck back in to where Bull Neck and Fred were waiting. He then backed up his truck ready to pour the first box. Well of course strangely enough the concrete truck wouldn't deliver anything. Funny that! 
Bull Neck in having been fired up with the fiasco from the day before; this was completely out of the blue; then socked the concrete truck driver in the face. Hmmm; this Bull Neck fellow definitely had an anger management problem. He obviously needed counselling of some sort. 
It was subsequent to Bull Neck having socked the concrete truck driver in the face that it was all on. There was much fisticuffs, abuse, and shouts from both sides.
'You bloody idiot', Bull Neck had shouted. 'My boss is going to kill me if I don't get this job done today'.
It was then that the concrete truck driver yelled. 'What do you think my boss is going to say when I tell him my load of concrete has evaporated?'
'Not my problem', Bull Neck retorted. 'Go and get another load and this time don't bloody well lose it!'
The poor concrete truck driver who was bruised, shaken, and by now speechless; got back into his truck. He then drove off to fetch another load of concrete.
'Moron!' Bull Neck had yelled as the concrete truck reversed down the cleared pathway.
It was by this time that the insects had moved well clear. This was in case their laughter could be heard.
It was ultimately that Louie said to Pearl. 'That was a smart move Pearl. I hate to think what Bull Neck will say; let alone his boss; when he discovers that his truck cab is full of concrete!'
Pearl laughed. She then said. 'Yes; we have been naughty haven't we. I believe it to be appropriate that we leave now. I'd suggest that we come back again tomorrow. I don't want to be around when Bull Neck finds out what we have done to his truck'.
****
So it was the following day that the insects; this was in their invisible form once again; arrived back on site. It was about 9.00a.m on another fine and cool day. Strangely enough Bull Neck had another truck. It was a brand new one. This time his boss was with him.
It has to be said that in spite of the insect's efforts the day before; most of the concrete had been poured. It meant that for this particular section of the pipeline the supports were now in place. This was a little disappointing for Louie, Lulu, and Pearl. This was because so far they hadn't been able to stop the project.
It was with the concrete now having been poured that Bull Neck and Fred were proceeding to drill holes in the rock. This was the large chunk of rock that was obstructing the path of the pipeline. Bull Neck's boss was watching every move Bull Neck and Fred made. This was to ensure that nothing else went wrong; heaven forbid. As far as the drilling of holes was concerned it was just as Pearl had earlier surmised. The holes were to take dynamite charges that could later be detonated from a safe distance away. This was to break up the rock for removal.
It was when Bull Neck and Fred had finished drilling the holes in the rock that the pair of them made their way over to the "new" truck. It was conveniently parked close by. It was from the back of the truck that the charges that were to be inserted in the holes in the rock were fetched. There were ten charges in all. Louie, Lulu, and Pearl watched from a safe distance. This was as Bull Neck and Fred then carefully laid what were sticks of dynamite out on the ground. Bull Neck's boss was also observing what was going on from a safe distance - well he would do after what had happened the previous day. It was then with the charges laid out on the ground that detonating cables were carefully attached. It was finally that the charges; this was with detonating cables attached; were slipped on down into the drilled holes in the rock.
It was once the charges were in place within the rock that Bull Neck carefully checked everything once more. He asked his boss to accompany him as he did. Let's face it; with all that had happened the day before he didn't want anything else going wrong, that was for sure! 
It was on having made a final check that Bull Neck moved his truck back along the pathway out of harm's way. It was then that he and Fred; as well as Bull Neck's boss; walked slowly back up the cleared access. They were walking slowly because they were un-reeling a detonating wire as they went. This was a single detonating wire that was attached to the ten leads emanating from each of the holes in the rock. It was a considerable distance away on along the pathway that they then set up the detonating plunger. This was what would ultimately set the charges off.
Louie, Lulu, and Pearl had remembered from the community notice board in the village that the detonation time had been publicly advertised as being 11.00 am. It was by this time 10.15 a.m.
Bull Neck, Fred and the boss settled into their safe position. This was to wait for 11.00 am to arrive. It was every five minutes that bull Neck would make an announcement over what was a fairly powerful a hand held loud speaker. This was that detonation would be in so many minutes - and to please clear the area. Yes; the speaker was loud enough to be heard within a radius of a kilometre or so. 
Getting back to Louie, Lulu, and Pearl; it was once the crew had moved off out of sight; this was while un-reeling the detonation cable; that Pearl made an urgent appeal to the others. 'Quick; we haven't got much time. Follow me'.
Louie and Lulu followed Pearl over to the rock that was to be blown up. It was there that Pearl; this was with the help of the two bees; carefully pulled the ten charges back out of the holes in the rock. It was simply a case of pulling on the detonation cables to remove the charges. It was once the charges were out of the rock and on the ground that Pearl said. 'Louie and Lulu; take five of the charges. When you have; walk back up the cleared pathway to where Bull Neck's truck is parked out of harm's way. When you have; carefully place the charges through the front side window of Bull Neck's truck. Break the window if necessary. Make sure that the detonation lines stay connected. As far as the remaining five charges are concerned; I'm going to put the other five under some of the concrete pipe supports'.
What mischief it was. It was hard to stop laughing. The three mischief makers knew that they were safe because it was in the distance that they heard. "Fifteen minutes to blasting, please clear the area". The job that they had to do would only take two to three minutes.
It was when the insects had finished the job that they took off. They flew off to where Bull Neck, his boss, and Fred were sitting in readiness to push down the plunger to set off the explosive charges. It was when Louie, Lulu and Pearl had duly arrived alongside the three men that they heard coming over the loud speaker. 'Five minutes to blasting, clear the area'. They also heard Bull Neck's boss say to Bull Neck. 'You had better not stuff it up this time mate or you will be toast!'
Bull Neck had ignored his boss. He was concentrating on the job in hand. It was ultimately that he used the loud speaker to announce. 'One minute to blasting, please clear the area'.
It was a short time later that Bull Neck commenced a count down; this was over the loud speaker. 'Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, CONTACT!'
Subsequently there was an agonising pause. This was before there was a huge explosion. The shock waves swished through the trees. It scared the birds, animals, and insects, into absolute silence. Some fifteen seconds later there was a resounding echo from the distant hills.
'That should do it boss', Bull Neck pronounced with a smirk on his face.
'Right; let's go and see', Bull Neck's boss had responded somewhat dubiously. 
The insects followed the three men close behind. This was as they headed back along the cleared pathway expecting the rock to have been demolished. It was on arrival at the site that the men stopped in their tracks. Five of the pipe supports had been destroyed. One of them was up a tree! Worst of all was what had happened to the "new" truck! All that had remained was the tray! The front end was gone in having been scattered far and wide.
'My truck!' wailed the boss.
It was as a result of what could be seen that Bull Neck's boss turned and socked Bull Neck in the face. It was as he did that he shouted. 'You bloody incompetent idiot. I can't believe it! First you fill one truck up with concrete then you blow up this one. What are you bloody well going to do for your next trick!? I can't take any more!'
Bull Neck's boss was shouting and wringing his hands with despair. Fred had taken off by this time. There was no way he was ever going to come back. Bull Neck in a similar vein followed Fred. This was while yelling. 'The place is spooked!'
Well it has to be said that after that fiasco; nobody did come back! The project was reconsidered by the council. As a result the pipe was eventually laid beneath the road to the village. This was just as the villagers had originally wanted it.
So it was that our three intrepid insects flew back to the quartz wall at the bank. It was then on through to the tunnel. It was in the tunnel that Pearl said. 'A job well-done you two!'
'That was just incredible', Louie and Lulu said together. 'You're a genius Pearl'.
So it was that evening that it was back to the Nest Café. This was for the three to celebrate what they had achieved. The insects had come to realise that they had tremendous powers to do good. They had saved the insect community from certain destruction. 

Chapter 15
Some New Powers Are Discovered

We now resume our story early one Sunday morning. It happens to be the very first day of spring. The sun is shining from a cloudless sky. Louie and Lulu are sitting on the sundeck outside their house. Just as all good bees are supposed to do; they have both brushed their bodies and washed their teeth. Breakfast has been finished. On that basis; Louie and Lulu are sitting in the warmth of the sun watching the stream go by. It's a lazy sort of day. In fact our two bees are wondering what they might do. It's Louie who has an idea. 
'Lulu', Louie said having pondered for a while. 'Let's go through the quartz and have a bit of a fly around together'.
'Good idea', Lulu agreed. 'We haven't got much else to do today. I'll just tidy up the breakfast dishes then let's go'.
So it was that while Lulu did the dishes; Louie in order to make good use of the time went around to the back of the house. This was to fetch some more firewood for the stove. It was still quite cool in the evenings. On that basis it was good to have a reasonable stock of firewood alongside the stove inside the house. Yes; the scene this particular Sunday morning was two happy bees doing their domestic chores. 
It was at about 10.00 a.m that Louie and Lulu were ready to head off to the tunnel. Lulu called out to Louie; this was just before leaving; 'Don't forget to bring the matches Louie'. The matches were of course needed to light the beeswax candles in the tunnel. So it was that with the house made secure; the two bees took off hand in hand. It was then down the stream before turning west to head over bush and trees to the tunnel entrance.
 Louie and Lulu in now having been through the quartz many times were full of confidence. The process had become second nature. Louie lit the beeswax candles as they progressed along the tunnel. Once at the end of the tunnel the quartz started to pulse with the blue light they had now become so familiar with. It was for a moment or two that Louie and Lulu stood close together to marvel at the phenomenon. This was before heading on through the quartz.
It was once the two bees were on the other side that they found the village to be quiet. This was in being a Sunday. It was firstly that Louie and Lulu; this was unseen in their invisible forms; took the opportunity to explore the village. Having had a fly around they then headed along the stream towards the hills to the west. Louie had an idea. He said to Lulu. 'Let's go some of the way to where we will be going for our honeymoon'.
Lulu responded with much enthusiasm. 'Yes please Louie. I'd love to'. Of course Lulu hadn't been with Louie when Virgil had taken him with Pearl; not to mention the Ten Ants; to the caves. This was following the Al Spider incident. It would be something interesting for Lulu to see.
So it was that Louie took Lulu to the base of the falls. In being able to fly many times faster than they could as insects, it meant it only took a few minutes. Just as it had been previously for Louie; the falls looked truly magnificent. This was as they cascaded down from high above and into the pool at the base. It never failed to be an awe inspiring sight. Lulu was not unnaturally most impressed. She had never seen anything like it before.
The pair landed on the flat piece of rock where Virgil had taken Louie, the Ten Ants, and Pearl the first time. Louie then went on to mention to Lulu how there was a cave at the top of the falls. That is the cave that at Honeymoon time they would enter. This was to head through tunnels within the hills to the cave overlooking the sea. 
Louie and Lulu in having come through the quartz were far too large in size to consider entering the cave at the top of the falls. This was let alone make their way on through the glow worm tunnels to the cave above the sea. It was on that basis that Louie and Lulu; this was in their invisible forms; sat and relaxed on the rock at the bottom of the falls.
It was next to Lulu where she was sitting that there was a clump of buttercups. It was confirmation that spring had arrived. The flowers fascinated Lulu. This was because if she was back at home on the other side of the quartz; she could actually fly onto the flower and enjoy the nectar. In being in the form she was, she was far too big to ever consider doing so. In fact she stood possibly twenty times taller than the plants themselves.
It was while enjoying taking in her surroundings that Lulu lay down on her back. There was a rather pleasant sandy spot for her to do so. In addition there was a conveniently placed piece of soft moss to rest her head upon. It was as Lulu lay down that she stretched her arms out in the process. It was then with fists clenched that she lowered her outstretched arms to the ground either side of her. It so happened that the clenched fist of her left hand had ended up being close to the buttercups she had been admiring earlier.
She was about to unclench her left fist; this was to pick one of the buttercups; when she noticed that there was a blue aura surrounding her fist. Not only was there a blue aura but the clenching of her fist had caused the clump of buttercups to diminish in size! It was all very mysterious. Lulu was not unnaturally somewhat curious about what appeared to be happening.
In being curious and wanting to know more; Lulu unclenched her fist. As soon as she had, the blue aura disappeared. Amazingly enough, the buttercups remained in a diminished size. In continuing to be fascinated; Lulu rolled over towards the buttercups. Having done so, she then placed her right fist close to the buttercups. She clenched it just as she had done with her left fist. Amazingly enough, a blue aura appeared about her right fist. It was much to Lulu's amazement that the buttercups then started increasing in size. In fact it was while keeping her fist clenched that the buttercups kept on growing until they came to the end of their life. That is they literally withered and died!
It was as a result of what Lulu had witnessed that she called out somewhat excitedly. 'Louie! Louie! Come and see this. It's simply amazing!'
Louie who had been reclining on the soft sand just as Lulu had been doing; had in fact dozed off. He woke with a start and pronounced with a degree of concern. 'What is it Lulu?'
'Watch this Louie'. Lulu squeezed her left fist in front of another clump of buttercups. The blue aura appeared. As a result the buttercups went back in time and became smaller. It was then when she squeezed her right fist in front of the same buttercups; this time the buttercups grew in size. They advanced in age to then wither and die. Quite frankly Louie couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was with both disbelief and excitement in his voice he said to Lulu. 'Let me try', 
Sure enough, it was the same for Louie. If he squeezed his right fist close to any living plant; a blue aura appeared about his hand. It was then that the plant advanced in age until it died. Conversely if he squeezed his left fist it had the opposite effect. That is when placed close to a plant it went back in time.
Louie looked at Lulu in disbelief. He said to her. 'I can't believe it Lulu. Let's try it on a piece of rock'.
Louie tried it first with his right fist then with his left. The blue aura appeared about his hand just as before but the rock didn't change. Louie then said in having thought about it. 'Looks as though it needs to be something living'. 
It was with curiosity aroused that Louie squeezed his fists while holding them close and looking at them. He had to squeeze really hard. Even so, the harder he squeezed the brighter the blue aura about his fist became.
In being utterly fascinated by what he could see; Louie then said. 'Tell you what Lulu. Let's try it on that young Kauri tree over there. You squeeze your right fist on this side and I will squeeze my right fist on the other'.
It was unbelievably amazing what resulted! With the two fists held close; and glowing blue; the Kauri tree started to grow bigger and taller. In fact it doubled then tripled in size. The expanding trunk actually pushed against Louie and Lulu's respective fists.
'Right', Louie pronounced. 'Let's try squeezing our left fists and see if we can make the tree grow smaller again'.
That was exactly what happened. The Kauri tree shrank back down again. In effect it went back in time to become a younger tree. Louie and Lulu took their fists away when the tree was back to the size they thought it had been.
'Am I dreaming this Lulu?' Louie said in disbelief.
'I don't believe so Louie. I believe we have discovered another power we can use'.
'Tell you what Lulu; there's a dead leaf lying on the ground here. 'I wonder if we can revive it?'
The pair tried by squeezing their left fists near the leaf. Again, the blue auras about their fists appeared but nothing happened. Obviously for anything that was no longer living, it just didn't work.
Louie tried holding and squeezing his left fist some distance away from the remaining buttercups. There was no reaction until his fist was moved close to the plants. In fact nothing happened until the blue aura engulfed part of the plant. With Lulu it was exactly the same.
'Look over there', Lulu said while pointing, 'There's a sparrow standing on that rock by the pool. It can't see us. It won't hear us either if we are quiet. Let's try using our fists. We could make the bird younger again and give it a longer life'.
'Gosh; maybe you are right Lulu'.
Louie crept silently closer to the sparrow. The bird couldn't see him. Louie squeezed his left fist hard so the blue aura was glowing brightly. He then carefully moved his fist in close so that the blue aura engulfed the sparrow. The sparrow sensed something and immediately flew off. 
'The sparrow must have sensed something was affecting it', Louie confessed. 'I guess with that short time involved it might have become a couple of seconds younger. I hope I haven't harmed it in any way'.
It was with their newly discovered powers that Louie and Lulu amused themselves for some time. This was making various plants grow either older or younger. It was hard to believe what was happening. They had to do it over and over again to confirm that it was real.
It was ultimately that Lulu said. 'Louie I wonder if this ability applies solely to being on this side of the quartz. What I mean is does everything change back when we leave?'
'Hard to know Lulu'. 
Lulu paused for a moment to think. This was before saying. 'I suggest we try something Louie. Opposite our house on the east bank is a tree that blocks the sun to a degree. It does so first thing in the mornings. Let's go and see if we can make it younger and smaller. Then we can see when we get back if it is still in the changed condition'.
'Brilliant idea Lulu'.
The excited pair raced from the falls back to where their house should be. Just as had already been discovered they couldn't see their house. It was just as other things such as the Reserve Bank and the Nest Café couldn't be seen either. However they could see the tree that would be blocking the sun. Accordingly they alighted beside it.
'Here goes', Louie said. 'It will be amazing if it works'.
Louie clenched his left fist tightly. The blue aura then appeared. He then moved his fist close to the tree. Sure enough; it was as soon as the blue aura touched the tree that it slowly became younger. It reduced in size. It was also interesting to see how the speed of the process depended on how tightly either Louie or Lulu clenched their fists.
Louie kept his fist clenched until the tree had reduced to about a third of its original size. It was then that he said to Lulu. 'About enough do you reckon?'
'Spot on Louie', Lulu had agreed with much excitement. 'Wouldn't it be great if it works?'
So it was on having attended to the tree that Louie and Lulu sat down for a moment. There was much to ponder about. It was Louie who said. 'I wonder what causes this. I have a feeling that when we clench our fists we must be doing it with a tremendous force. It must be a force similar to that which makes the quartz glow at the end of the tunnel. Pearl mentioned how within the quartz there are huge stresses across crystal faces that cause the quartz to glow. 
'Maybe you're right', Lulu said while getting excited about an idea she had. 'I have just thought of something'.
'Tell me Lulu'.
'Well; I believe Louie that when we clench our fists and produce a glowing aura; it's just as you said. That is that tremendous forces must be at work. I believe that in being on this side of the quartz we have been gifted with physical strength that until now we haven't discovered'.
'Gosh Lulu; maybe you're right. Let's try lifting something that's heavy. In particular let's try lifting something that a human couldn't lift'.
Louie looked around for something heavy that they could attempt to lift. He spotted something and said to Lulu while pointing. 'Lulu; there's a fallen tree trunk over there. It's quite a large one that has been lying there for years. Let's try lifting that'.
Lulu went to one end of the trunk while Louie went some distance away to the other. On the count of three the pair lifted for all they were worth. They were both surprised. They could lift the huge trunk with ease! Not only were they able to lift the trunk but they were able to keep holding it up without any difficulty.
'I can't believe this!' Lulu exclaimed. 'Let's try flying with it'.
It was while making an attempt to fly that Louie and Lulu could hear their wings beating hard. The surrounding grass flattened in the resulting downwash of air. Even so; it was no matter how hard the pair tried they couldn't fly with the trunk. It was a physical impossibility.
'Well that's that', Louie said somewhat disappointed. 'Let's put the trunk back down again'. The pair lowered the trunk. It was amazing what they had lifted. It would have weighed several tonnes. It was on having placed the trunk back down on the ground that Louie said. 'I wonder if we can lift smaller weights and fly with them. Let's try something smaller'.
 Louie selected a rock that was in fact quite heavy. Yes; amazingly enough he could fly with it. There was no problem at all. Louie then lifted a large piece of dead tree that was lighter than the rock. No he couldn't fly with it? It didn't make sense. 
Louie and Lulu then experimented with lifting various objects and trying to fly with them. Some they could fly with and some they couldn't. It was Lulu who ultimately worked it out. It wasn't the weight that was the governing factor; it was the size. What Lulu had discovered was that they could only fly with an object that was smaller than or equal in size to them. It was quite possible to fly with really heavy objects as long as the object didn't have either a height or width greater than themselves. Louie was slightly bigger in size to Lulu. On that basis he could fly with objects that were slightly bigger in dimension. It was all very interesting. 
It was ultimately that Lulu said. 'Louie; I'm excited by what we have discovered Let's head back and let Pearl know'.
'I can't wait to tell her', Louie confirmed. 'It really is important that we do. Even so; when we get back on the other side again; let's first check the tree we have reduced in size. Let's see if it has in fact remained in its reduced state'.
Louie and Lulu took off. It was with much excitement that they flew back to the quartz wall at the village bank. It was to assist with avoiding detection; this was from the sound of their wings; that they had learnt that it was best to approach high. This was before then gliding down and on through the wall.
It was when back on the other side; that is in the tunnel; that Lulu hugged Louie ever so tightly. For one she was relieved that they were back safely in their own world. She was also tremendously excited about what she and Louie had discovered.
It was ultimately that Louie put his arm around Lulu. The pair then walked back to the tunnel entrance and out into the sunshine again. It was good to feel its warmth after not being able to feel anything when on the other side.
'Come on my Lulu; first of all let's go and look at the tree', Louie said as they flew off in the direction of the stream. Having reached the stream it was with much speed; this was while flying just above the surface; that they headed to their house. Having arrived they then gained altitude to hover above it. It was from there that they looked over towards where the tree should be. Yes! It had worked. The two bees would now have more sunshine in the early morning! It was on having checked out the tree that Louie and Lulu then descended to the sundeck at the front of their little house
'This is really exciting my wonderful bee!' Louie exclaimed. This was while hugging Lulu and lifting her off her feet. Lulu giggled and squealed with delight. What happy bees they were.
'Please let's go and tell Pearl all about it', Lulu said in a plea. 'I'm dying to tell her'.
So it was that two excited bees could be seen making their way at top speed to Pearl's apartment. 'Hope she's home after all this', Louie said with a laugh.
Yes; Pearl was indeed at home. It has to be said that Pearl was a religious sort of moth. In being Sunday she was religiously checking stocks of red wine, gum leaves, and chocolate cake. This was as well as doing the vacuuming, washing the windows, and preening herself for the coming week. Oh and yes; Pearl had her faith. She had absolute faith that if she ran out of red wine or chocolate cake; one of her subjects; this was in particular Louie; would be only too glad to remedy the situation.
It was on arrival at Pearl's apartment that Louie knocked somewhat loudly. He called out a number of times. 'Are you there Pearl? Are you there Pearl? It's me and Lulu. We have something exciting to tell you!'
'Who's me?' Pearl responded somewhat mischievously. This was in pretending she didn't know it was Louie. Her motive was to give herself some time to make herself look presentable. 'It's me Louie', Louie said in response.
Quite frankly; Louie and Lulu had caught Pearl a little by surprise. She wasn't really expecting them. For one thing she still had her feelers in curlers.
It was subsequent to a couple of "Be there in a minute" responses that Pearl opened the door. She laughed. 'Gosh you two what's up? You will have to forgive me. I wasn't expecting anybody. I haven't finished doing all the stuff that I religiously do on Sundays!'
Pearl looked beautiful in spite of her reservations. It was with a smile of much affection for the two excited bees that she said. 'Come out on the sundeck and tell me all about it. I haven't seen you two so excited for a long time. Maybe you are getting engaged again?!' 
Pearl laughed. Truth be known; she really was a good natured tease with those she was fond of.
It was once that they were all sitting out on Pearl's sundeck in the sunshine that Louie and Lulu explained what they had discovered. They relayed to Pearl in detail everything they had found and observed.
Pearl was excited just as Louie and Lulu were. Having thought about it she said. 'I believe that you could be right about the pressure created by clenching your fists. In fact it probably now confirms that on the other side of the quartz our molecular structure is indeed some abstract form of quartz. On thinking about it I'm sure this is why we can't feel heat or cold. It also explains why we have a translucent blue appearance similar to the quartz in the tunnel. I'm also sure you are both correct in assuming that the pressure created in clenching your fists also creates the blue aura you have described'.
'Well', Pearl said finally. 'Quite frankly I can't wait to experience what you have found for myself. I'd suggest staying for some lunch; and a little red wine to celebrate; before showing me this afternoon!'
'Yes, yes', Lulu enthused. 'You will be so excited Pearl'.
So it was following lunch at Pearl's apartment she removed her curlers. It was then that the three headed back through the quartz. To cut a long story short; it ultimately proved to be that Pearl could do everything that Louie and Lulu had described earlier on. Just as it had been with Louie and Lulu; Pearl could hardly come to terms with what it was that had been discovered. It was accordingly that she had said to the two bees. 'This is incredibly exciting. It's hard to know for sure what we can use these new found powers for. No doubt we will find out soon enough - as indeed they did!

Chapter 16
Louie And Lulu Assist Mr McFarland

Louie and Lulu were quite busy at the Factory. This was as time moved on towards spring. Work had increased to such a level that the Factory was now working four days a week. A number of insects were coming out of hibernation. On that basis they wanted to look their best for the coming spring and summer months.
It's as we resume our story that it happens to be a Tuesday. The Factory was particularly busy this particular day. Apart from work in progress there were two beetles, three ladybirds, and a couple of bees in the waiting room. Even so, it has to be said that this lot quite enjoyed waiting. This was due to Louie's foresight in having installed Fly TV. There was quite an interesting gardening program on at the time. Two flies were giving hints on how to deal with garden pests such as people.
Time wise it was 10.00 a.m. The Ten Ants had joined Louie and Lulu for morning tea in the lunch room. This was while worker bees took over from the Ten Ants and carried on with production. It was over morning tea that in casual conversation, Inform Ant happened to mention an issue in relation to Mr McFarland. What Inform had mentioned was that Mr McFarland had recently had a contractor in. This was to cut down a sycamore tree that was close to his house. Apparently the reason for having it cut down was that it had been dying off at the top. Much in the way of dead leaves and branches had given problems in blocking the guttering; and covering the roof of his house with debris. Yes; the tree in question had become a nuisance to Mr McFarland. He had thought quite rightly that there was no reason to keep a tree that was dying. Besides which there was a risk of large rotting branches; or even the whole the tree; falling onto the house and causing extensive damage in a strong wind.
Inform went on to say that even though the tree had been removed; Mr McFarland's guttering had remained blocked with leaves and debris. Mr McFarland would have cleaned it out for himself if he could have. It was because of his age that it was difficult for him to climb a ladder and attend to the guttering. In essence Mr McFarland survived on a small pension and had limited funds. This was in particular limited funds to get things done about his house. The cost of having the tree cut down was all he could afford for the interim.
The insects at the Factory always wanted to do what they could for Mr McFarland. This was because he was kind towards them. He had a deep fondness for all small creatures of the world. It would be remembered that in relation to Mr McFarland's fondness for small creatures that he had given Louie the use of the loft of his shed to operate the Factory.
It was as a part of the conversation over morning tea that Inform went on to say. 'If you would like us to Mr Louie; the ten of us could make an attempt to remove some of the leaves and debris. That is from Mr McFarland's guttering over the weekend. It would be a big task; even so; maybe we could draw on some assistance from White Ant Excavators?' 
'Thanks Inform', Louie responded. 'That's incredibly kind and thoughtful of you all to consider it. What I will do is have a look at the situation myself. Let me see what can be done. Keep your weekends free for what you want to do. It's a bit of a tall ask to expect you all to carry out such a big task by yourselves'.
It was following morning tea; and when the Ten Ants had returned to work; that Louie turned to Lulu. He was about to say something. Lulu pre-empted Louie when she said. 'I know what you are going to say Louie. With our new found abilities; if we go through the quartz; you and I can head to Mr McFarland's place. It would be no problem for us to clean out his guttering for him. We can easily remove the debris from his roof at the same time. With our strength and ability we could do it in five minutes flat if we put our mind to it'.
'You are exactly right', Louie agreed. 'Great minds think alike. Actually if it is okay with you Lulu; I'd suggest that we go and attend to it right now. All up it would take us less than half an hour. The Ten Ants are looking after the Factory so there's no worry there'.
So it was that Louie let Import know that he and Lulu would be out for maybe an hour or so. Import was only to glad to assist by looking after the Factory. It was on that basis that Louie and Lulu; this was after flying out of the portal in the shed roof;  headed straight to Mr McFarland's house to take a look. It was no problem because Mr McFarland's house was only a short distance from the shed where the Factory was located. Louie and Lulu wanted to assess the situation before heading through the quartz
It was on arrival at Mr McFarland's house that Lulu said to Louie. 'Look at that. Once we are through the quartz and on the other side, we can easily do a clean up. We can fly with the debris and place it on the compost heap out the back. There's no sign of Mr McFarland at the moment so it would be a good time to do it'.
'I agree Lulu. It'll be no problem at all', Louie confirmed. It was having taken hold of Lulu's hand that Louie said. 'Let's head for the tunnel'.
So it was that Louie and Lulu gained altitude. This was while circling a couple of times above Mr McFarland's house. It was then a case of heading northwest to the tunnel entrance. The two bees felt immensely pleased. With their new found abilities they really could do something to assist Mr McFarland. 
It was once Louie and Lulu were on the other side of the quartz; this was in the village; that they then headed back to Mr McFarland's place. It was on arriving that in now being in their invisible form they set about clearing debris from the roof and the guttering. Leaves, twigs, and debris were gathered up in big handfuls. This was to be then flown and placed neatly on top of Mr McFarland's compost heap. Louie and Lulu needed to be vigilant with what they were doing. This was in particular to ensure nobody was watching - including Mr McFarland. It would have certainly attracted attention to see bundles of leaves, twigs, and other debris, flying through the air! It was in less than ten minutes that the job was done. There was a "high five" and a cry of "yea!" in here somewhere.  
'Doesn't it feel good', Lulu said, 'That is to be able to use this new ability we have to help others'.
In being satisfied with their achievement; Louie and Lulu settled on Mr McFarland's lawn to relax for a moment. It was as they did that they surveyed the scene. They could see how the contractor; this was the one who had cut the sycamore tree down; had cut the tree up into convenient lengths for firewood. The wood had then been stacked in place under the eaves and covered with a tarpaulin. This was to keep it dry in readiness for burning in Mr McFarland's fireplace the following winter. Louie and Lulu could see how the stump of the tree that had been felled was neatly cut close to the ground. Yes; Mr McFarland would have been pleased with the work done by the tree felling contractor.
It was on glancing at what had been achieved for Mr McFarland that Louie said. 'Now that the guttering is free of debris; rain water won't flow over the edge. That firewood will keep nice and dry'.
'Well Louie; I'm pleased with what we have been able to do for Mr McFarland. I guess we should think about heading back'.
Louie on having agreed with Lulu was about to stand up in readiness to depart. He didn't because at that moment a council car pulled into Mr McFarland's gate at the road. The car then came on up the drive to stop outside the front door. It was in the car that there was a council inspector that Louie and Lulu knew of. It was one Cyril Marchfart. He was an inspector that generally went about annoying people by imposing council regulations with over exuberance. Pearl had warned Louie and Lulu to keep a lookout for Cyril Marchfart. This was because he could; this was on enforcing council regulations; destroy the streamside community. Cyril could if regulations required it to be so; bring about something similar to what had happened with the water pipeline.  
Cyril Marchfart it has to be said had no feelings for others. In fact he seemed to take great delight in making other people miserable. Seemingly it gave this small minded individual some sort of sense of power. In relation to that so called power; it has to be said that everything that Cyril pronounced; this was in the way of authoritative clap trap; was prefixed with a sharp intake of breath. Typical of Cyril there would be a sharp intake of breath followed by "No you can't build that there!" or maybe "No you will have to get a permit first" or even "You didn't get a permit? I want it demolished immediately otherwise there will be court action!" Yes; that was our Cyril Marchfart from the council. It was to make matters worse that Cyril also issued parking fines and had offending vehicles towed away in the village. In summary he was just a general misery maker.
Truth be known; Cyril really was a grubby little piece of work. Something that demonstrated this related to the fact that as one of the perks of the job he was allowed to take his council car home at night. In essence his council car was strictly for council business only. Even so; it was so he could discreetly use the car at weekends that Cyril disconnected the speedo at such times. Not that this has really got anything to do with our story. It just demonstrates the sort of person Cyril was. It was as Lulu had said on another occasion. This was that seemingly people in comparison with the insects of the streamside community; were always trying to cheat each other. Dishonesty prevailed.
Right; let's get back to Cyril in now having arrived at Mr McFarland's place. Cyril emerged from his car that was by this time parked on the driveway outside Mr McFarland's front door. Cyril looked just the part. He was dressed in a sloppy brown button up knitted cardigan and walk shorts. He also sported knee-high white socks to add to the picture of "What have we got here".  What a doozey!
The council in being into low carbon-footprint conservation measures had supplied Cyril with an ECO friendly car. It was a car of such small proportions that rather than driving it, Cyril practically wore it!
Cyril on having arrived and stepped out of the car then marched up to Mr McFarland's front door. He then gave the knocker quite an aggressive workout. Cyril had a clip board and some official looking papers with him. It was on not liking what they could see that Louie said to Lulu. 'Let's move in close and listen'.
It was within a couple of seconds or so that Louie and Lulu in their invisible forms were right next to Cyril. It was then that Mr McFarland opened the door.
'Can I help you?' Mr McFarland inquired somewhat politely.
'McFarland?' Cyril barked.
'Yes that's me', Mr McFarland responded somewhat reservedly. This was in being somewhat taken aback by Cyril's abruptness.  
'McFarland', Cyril continued. 'It has come to my attention that you have cut down a Sycamore tree without obtaining the necessary council consent. Is that correct?'
Mr McFarland went on to explain that he didn't know he even needed consent. After all it was his tree on his property - and the tree was dying for goodness sake!
Cyril then uttered his trademark sharp intake of breath. This was before saying. 'You realise McFarland that this is serious'. Cyril was taking absolute delight in scaring the living daylights out of Mr McFarland. 'You realise that there is a five thousand dollar fine for removing trees without council consent?'
Poor Mr McFarland didn't know what to say. He could never afford such a fine. There was a feeling of panic in relation to where would he get the money?
Cyril continued with his spiteful ugliness. This was in knowing full well that Mr McFarland wouldn't fight back. There was another sharp intake of breath before Cyril went on to say. 'I'm issuing you with a prosecution notice. You will in due course be summoned to appear at the Village District Court'.
So it was that Cyril duly gave the infringement notice to Mr McFarland. Mr McFarland's hands were shaking to the extent that he could hardly take hold of the piece of paper. The poor old fellow was truly frightened.
It was ultimately that Cyril left Mr McFarland to his misery. He did so with a smirk of satisfaction on his face. It was before departing that he made his way around to the side of the house to where the tree had been cut down. It was there that he proceeded to take some notes.
Louie and Lulu were shocked by what had taken place. In the insect world such nastiness just didn't occur. It was then that Louie in being the mischievous bee that he was; said to Lulu with a smirk on his face. 'Let's teach Cyril a lesson'. 
Louie moved quickly to where Cyril had left his car parked on the driveway. This was of course right alongside them on the driveway just outside Mr McFarland's front door. Cyril was in the meantime out of sight on the other side of the house. He was as has already been stated; taking notes and gaining evidence in relation to the unpermitted destruction of a tree. Yes; it was in Cyril's evil little mind that Mr McFarland needed to be taught a lesson.  
Louie then said to Lulu with some urgency 'Quick; grab the other end of Cyril's car. With our newfound strength and ability we can turn it over and put it on its roof. Let's do it before Cyril gets back!'
So it was that the two naughty bees; this was in their invisible form; lifted Cyril's council car and turned it upside down. Having done so, they then lowered it carefully to place it on its roof. Of course in being on the other side of the quartz, Louie and Lulu had the strength to do this quite easily. So there it was. Sitting in place on Mr McFarland's driveway was an upside down council car. It was extraordinary to say the least. It was interesting to see that inside the car, Cyril's cut lunch and council papers were all mixed up on the inside of the roof! Yes; it was indeed extraordinary to say the least.
Of course the inevitable happened. That is that when Cyril had finished taking notes he went back around to where he had parked his council car. That is right outside Mr McFarland's front door.
'What the?!' Cyril had exclaimed to himself. It was for sometime that he simply stood rooted to the spot. This was to stare with disbelief at what was before him. At first he thought he was dreaming.  On coming to terms with the fact that it was no dream he started to become red with rage from his neck up. This was with the disbelief and utter embarrassment of what had eventuated. Quite frankly; Cyril looked for all the world not unlike an overheated thermometer. That is when all the red stuff inside has gone to the top.
It was when a semblance of reality had returned that Cyril stormed in a rage up to Mr McFarland's front door. It was somewhat loudly that he knocked again. Mr McFarland in wondering what more misery might be inflicted upon him opened the door. Cyril was about to launch forth with a "Who did that to my car?" when Mr McFarland burst out laughing. He made an appropriate remark when he said. 'Have you got a permit to park that thing upside down laddy?' It was then that Mr McFarland; this was in not wanting to have to deal with anymore nonsense from Cyril; slammed the door in his face.
Cyril came to realise that he was in a spot of bother. Apart from feeling intense annoyance at being referred to as "laddy"; Cyril had indeed found himself to be in a bit of a predicament. For one he had hoped to use Mr McFarland's phone to call for assistance. In particular this was to have his car turned the right way up. Unfortunately he had blotted his copy book there.
It's appropriate to mention here that within the pecking order at the council; Cyril was not far enough up the chain to be issued with a smartphone. It was on that basis that he now found himself to be compelled to walk to find a public callbox. That is to phone for assistance. Oh dear; there was the nagging thought of how the hell was he going to explain the upside down car to his boss at the council. Yes; Cyril was worried. There was only one option in relation to sorting the situation out. There was nothing for it but to walk up to the road to try and locate a callbox. He needed to talk to his boss and hopefully organise a tow truck. 
It was ultimately that Cyril managed to locate a callbox. He had subsequently organised a tow truck. This was as well as to talk to his boss at the council. It was then that Cyril walked back; some distance it might be added; to Mr McFarland's place to wait for the tow truck.
Of course we know what had happened while Cyril was away. Our two mischievous bees had carefully turned the car back up the right way again. Louie and Lulu had then retreated to a point some distance away for fear of their laughter being heard.
'Oh no!' Cyril had said to himself on seeing that his council car was back up the right way again. 'I'll have to go back and cancel the tow truck'.
It was too late. The tow truck pulled into Mr McFarland's driveway just as Cyril was about to leave. The driver happened to be a big burly fellow. He had shoulders that seemed to slope up to the top of his bald head. His head looked for all the world like a huge smooth round spud with dried apricots stuck on for ears! It was on arrival that the tow truck driver slung his heavily tattooed arm out the window. He then shouted. 'Where's this bloody car that's upside down?' 
'It's OK thanks; I managed to fix it myself', Cyril said while lying through his teeth.
It was in response to what Cyril had said that the tow truck driver studied Cyril for a moment. Cyril's physique was that of a stick insect. This was not to mention that he had a chest like a budgie. There was no way that he could have righted the council car.
'Don't believe ya', the tow truck driver yelled. 'Even so; I didn't come all the way out here for nothing. That'll be two hundred bucks. Sign here'.
Cyril who certainly didn't want to get into an argument with the burly tow truck driver capitulated. He did the "sign here" bit.
It was then that the tow truck driver turned his truck around. In the process he yelled out to Cyril. 'Plonker!' This was before driving off while shaking his head with disbelief.
So it was that Cyril in hoping all the nonsense with his car might now be over, got back into it. It was then that he tried to start it. The trouble was that in turning the car upside down; all the petrol had drained out. It had made an embarrassing mess of Mr McFarland's driveway. In fact the petrol in having combined with some engine oil that had also leaked out; it really had made quite a mess. 
As far as Cyril was concerned; the mess on Mr McFarland's driveway was the least of his worries right then. He now somewhat reluctantly had to go and phone his boss again. This was to see if he could get some petrol brought out for the car.
It has to be said that our mischievous pair of bees would have loved to have gone and heard what Cyril's boss had said to him. They didn't because Lulu had another idea.
'Louie', she whispered. 'Cyril has probably gone to phone his boss and get some petrol brought back. While he's away; let's see if we can use our abilities to re-grow the tree! It's probably not dead yet. It was only cut down recently'.
'Brilliant idea Lulu! Let's give it a go'.
So it was that Louie and Lulu quickly made their way around the house to where the stump of the sycamore tree remained. Having arrived they studied it closely. They were encouraged by the fact that there were some green shoots starting to sprout. This was from the side of the stump. It was just as Lulu had hoped. The tree was by no means dead.
'I believe what we will have to do', Louie suggested. 'Is to take it back to when it was just a seedling. Then we can re-grow it from there. I don't believe that it will go forward in time from the cut off stump it is now'.
So it was that Louie and Lulu clenched their left fists really tightly. They held them in place close to the stump. This was with the blue auras glowing brightly. Sure enough the stump started to shrink in size. It went back in time to when the tree was simply a small seedling.
'Right', Louie said on being satisfied with the outcome. 'Let's grow the tree back to how it was before it was cut down'.
It was then with their right fists clenched that Louie and Lulu grew the tree back to how it used to be. It was amazing. When they had finished, the tree even had the dead bits at the top. That is the dead bits that had originally caused problems to Mr McFarland. With the sycamore tree back to being how it was before it was cut down; Louie and Lulu retreated to a safe distance to await the return of Cyril.
So it was in due course that Cyril arrived back with his boss. This was in another car. Cyril's boss was driving a slightly larger ECO friendly vehicle. The main thing was that they had a can of petrol with them. 
It was once the pair were out of the car that Cyril's boss; who Cyril addressed as "Sir"; was giving Cyril a dressing down. This was for wasting his time. Then it was made quite clear that Cyril needed to be more careful in the future.
It was while Cyril was pouring the petrol into the car that "Sir" who was wearing a suit and looked quite imposing said. 'What were you doing here anyway Marchfart?'
'McFarland'. Cyril went on to say.
'Mr McFarland!' Sir interjected.
'Yes Mr McFarland', Cyril continued. 'Has without consent cut down a large Sycamore tree. I have accordingly issued him with a prosecution notice'.
'That's a bit hasty isn't it?' Sir responded. 'I hope you know what you are doing. Show me the tree in question when you have finished what you are doing'.
Cyril in now being extremely nervous about the whole situation happened to overfill the tank. It was as a result that more petrol was spilled on Mr McFarland's driveway. "Sir" on seeing Cyril spill the petrol moved around the vehicle to take a look. It was as a result of what "Sir" could see that he exclaimed. 'Good God man. What's all this petrol and oil doing on this man McFarland's driveway? You'll have to get this cleaned up Marchfart; and the cost is coming out of your wages!'
"Sir", who was by this time becoming highly irritated by the whole business said. 'Right Marchfart; now that you have fixed the petrol; show me where this tree is'.
It was accordingly that Marchfart took "Sir" around the corner of the house. Oh no! How could it be? The tree was still there. 'B-but he cut it down!' Cyril stammered. 'He did; I saw it'.
'You're a blithering idiot Marchfart. The bloody tree is still there. Did you dream this or something? What are you trying to do to this poor man?'
Cyril couldn't find the words to answer. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was then that "Sir" continued by saying. 'Right Marchfart here is what I want you to do. For one; go and apologise to Mr McFarland. Tell him that the prosecution notice is withdrawn. Secondly; tell Mr McFarland that you will be back to clean up his driveway. Take note; I will personally inspect it when it is done. Thirdly; I suggest you go to Specsavers and have your eyes checked'.
Cyril by this time was extremely subdued. He was almost sobbing. It was in response to "Sir" that he said. 'Yes Sir; I will'.
'Good. I am going to wait here while you go and apologise to Mr McFarland. Get on with it. Don't stand there dithering, I haven't got all day'.
Mr McFarland didn't really know what was going on when Cyril apologised and withdrew the prosecution notice. He was just relieved that the somewhat ugly and worrying matter was all cleared up. Just as most pensioners would do on hearing the good news; he went inside and had a cup of tea. What a relief!
It was in the end that Cyril managed to get his car started again. Both he and "Sir" then drove off. It was as soon as they had gone that Louie and Lulu moved back somewhat quickly to the Sycamore tree. It was within minutes that they had it back down to virtually nothing.
'Yea! Look at that', Louie pronounced. 'No one will ever know that a tree was even here'.
Louie was right; the stump had completely disappeared. Of course Mr McFarland was inside his house having a cup of tea. On that basis he was totally unaware of the nonsense that had been happening with the tree. It has to be said that when he came outside sometime later; he was puzzled not to see the stump. It was as a result that he mumbled to himself. "Must have imagined it". He then shook his head and went back inside.
Louie and Lulu were extremely satisfied with the results of their "work". They had made a nice old man happy again. It was about mid afternoon by the time the saga with Cyril and the tree had come to an end.  The two bees then headed back to the quartz at the bank. It was then on through to the tunnel. It was as the pair made their way back along the tunnel that Lulu said. 'I feel so happy helping Mr McFarland today Louie'.
'Me too', Louie said while pulling Lulu close to him. 'As you know Lulu; it was until I met you that I just felt useless. Doing these things with you now is giving me so much more confidence. I'm a different bee'.
It was ultimately that Louie and Lulu flew back to the Factory. Louie apologised to Import for taking so long. He thanked him for looking after things for him. Import couldn't help but think to himself what a great boss Louie had become since meeting Lulu!
It was on the following day; this was first thing in the morning; that poor Cyril headed to Mr McFarland's place. This was to clean up the driveway. He nearly collapsed when he saw the tree had gone again. He just couldn't understand it. He came to realise that he really would have to go and have his eyes tested.
It was a couple of hours after Cyril had arrived that Mr McFarland; this was in being a kind and sensitive man; offered Cyril morning tea and biscuits. This was around 10.00 a.m. Cyril smiled in response and said. 'Yes please Mr McFarland. I'm so sorry for what I did yesterday'. Yes Cyril had learnt his lesson. He wasn't going to be unkind to anyone anymore. 
It was on the previous evening that Louie and Lulu had called in to see Pearl. This was to tell her all about what they had achieved with Cyril and Mr McFarland. Pearl laughed. She congratulated the pair on a great effort. In coming to learn of what Louie and Lulu had achieved; Pearl reflected how it was that good things were happening. Her job to keep the insect community safe and secure had become so much easier.

Chapter 17
Louie's World Nearly Ends

We are now into the first week of spring. It is the insect's favourite time of the year. There are many flowers along the stream emitting delicate; almost soporific; incense like fragrances. Daylight hours were of course becoming longer. There was a magic in the air. There was a certain magic for our two bees in that their wedding was only a matter of weeks away.
The day in question as we resume our story happens to be a Monday. Louie and Lulu are up and about. Time wise it is about 8.00 a.m. Louie has a small job to do for Pearl Baker-Moth this particular day. She had advised him that she was low on chocolate cake and red wine. It would be remembered that on Sundays that Pearl religiously checked stocks of red wine and chocolate cake. She would then let Louie know if any re-stocking was required. This was the wonderful part about the insect community. Each insect had a desire to help others. They knew their society wouldn't survive if they didn't. I suppose it all emanated from the Queen of the insects; that is Pearl Baker-Moth. Pearl would do anything to ensure the well being of her subjects. It was in turn that the members of the community would do anything to support their Queen.
It was on this particular morning that following breakfast, Louie and Lulu were sitting outside on the sundeck together. It was a beautiful morning with the sun shining from a cloudless sky. There was a gentle breeze blowing. Temperature wise it was also pleasantly warm to a bee. Louie and Lulu were discussing the day ahead.
It was at one point of the conversation that Louie said. 'I reckon that first of all this morning we head to the village. We need to pickup some chocolate cake and red wine for Pearl. It would be a good idea to get that job done before we go to the Factory. Import can look after things until we get there'.
'Good idea my loveable bee', Lulu responded somewhat vaguely. Quite frankly Lulu was enjoying the sunshine and didn't really want to move. It was then that she turned to her mate and said. 'Please hold me for a moment Louie. When you have; then we can make a move to head to the village'.
Louie held Lulu close to him. It was as he did that he gently caressed the soft furry black and yellow stripes of her body. Louie didn't really feel like moving either.
'Louie', Lulu said at length. 'When we head to the village; please can we fly alongside the road? That is instead of making our way along the stream. The village council has planted some daffodils, freesias, and jonquils amongst the trees alongside the road. They are just so beautiful at this time of the year. The nectar is so sweet'.
Louie who would of course do anything for his Lulu responded by saying. 'Great idea Lulu; let's do just that. Tell you what; I'll phone Import and let him know that we won't be at the Factory until say 11.00a.m. It would be good to have some time to have a chat to Pearl. That is when we drop off the chocolate cake and red wine'.
So it was with there being no sense of urgency that the two bees sat in the sun until about 9.00a.m. It was ultimately that Louie said; this was somewhat reluctantly. 'This laziness won't do Lulu'.  He then stood up. It was while laughing that he pulled Lulu to her feet. 'Come on my beautiful bee; the day is passing by. We must make a move'. 
Lulu agreed. Having stood, it was for a moment that she held Louie close. She looked up at him with her beautiful eyes and said. 'I love you Louie'. 
Quite frankly; Louie felt crushed with happiness.
****
It was before departing for the village that Louie grabbed a couple of bracken baskets. The baskets were what he and Lulu would take the chocolate cake and red wine to Pearl's place in. It's interesting to note that the red wine; this was for the ease of carrying; was to be placed into six-packs of honeycomb cells. It's anybody's guess as to how the two bees managed to fill the six packs with red wine; but they did.
It was while Louie was making the baskets ready; this was as well as the empty six-packs; that Lulu did a bit of a tidy up. Louie had a habit of leaving things on the floor. This could be anything from his black and yellow striped socks to his best spider silk shorts. Lulu also needed to check that Louie had a clean hanky; and of course that he had washed his teeth. Lulu loved Louie. Tidying up after him was simply a part of loving him.
It was at somewhere close to 9.30a.m that Louie and Lulu headed off. This time they flew away from the stream and more towards Pearl Baker-Moth's apartment. This was in heading to the road that led to the village. The two bees cruised along lazily. It was indeed a beautiful spring day. It was on past Pearl's apartment that they went before reducing height to fly close to the road.
It was on having reached the vicinity of the road that along the eastern edge could be seen the beautiful spring flowers that Lulu had talked about. Lulu called out to Louie; 'Let's go down Louie and enjoy the flowers'.
'Yes let's', Louie enthused.
 Lulu led the way. Louie followed someway behind. Lulu was happy and carefree. Uppermost in her mind was the magic of the flowers she could see below. On that basis she wasn't thinking clearly about what she was doing.
It was then that suddenly Louie shouted. 'Lulu; lookout!' Unfortunately it was too late. Lulu hadn't heard Louie. She was in the process of completing a wide circle out onto the road when she was hit by a passing car.
'Oh no!' Louie cried out in panic. 'Oh no; please be alright Lulu'.
 It was at first that Louie couldn't see Lulu. This was because she had been carried some distance along the road by the car. It was then that Louie caught sight of his beloved Lulu. It was not good what he could see. It was with the instinctive reaction that panic brings that Louie cried. 'Help! Please help me someone'. Unfortunately there wasn't a soul about to hear him.
It was just terrible what Louie could see. Lulu was lying on her back in the middle of the road. Her bracken basket was lying crushed some distance away. Lulu's pink ribbon; a ribbon that she always wore for Louie; was being carried along the road in the breeze.
Louie was by Lulu's side in an instant. He could see how a wing was broken. It was awkwardly twisted and pointing upwards. Lulu's legs were moving in involuntary spasms. Her beautiful little body had a gash along the side. It was bad. By all accounts it seemed to be that Lulu was close to dying. Louie was beside himself with grief. He hugged Lulu and sobbed uncontrollably.
It was suddenly that another car passed. It went straight over the top of the two bees. The wind from the passing car blew Louie and Lulu further along the road. It separated Louie and Lulu in the process. Louie could then see form some distance away how Lulu's broken wing was waving helplessly in the breeze.
Louie himself was slightly bruised and hurt. This was from the action of being rolled by the passing vehicle. He was in absolute despair. He limped as best he could over to where Lulu was still lying on the road. One real problem for Louie was that with all that had happened he had lost his basket. In the basket had been his smellphone. He couldn't contact anyone for help.
Quite frankly Louie wanted to die with Lulu. Louie thought for a moment that maybe he should just hold Lulu. This was while lying in the middle of the road until the end came. It was then that Louie could see another car approaching. It was in a split second that he made the decision to fly up out of the way. It was a supreme effort for him to do so with his aching and injured body.
It was fortunate that the car had passed straight over Lulu. It was from above that Louie could see that she was still twitching. Her lifeless broken wing was continuing to point skywards. The key point to Louie was that although she was badly injured she was still alive.
'I have got to save her; I have got to save her', Louie repeated to himself over and over again. It was in trying to save Lulu that Louie made an attempt to pick Lulu up. It was difficult with Louie himself being injured. It was also difficult with Lulu twitching spasmodically; not to mention the angle that her broken wing was pointing.
It was just as Louie had managed to pick Lulu up that another car passed. Once again it went right over the top of them. It was as a result that Louie dropped Lulu. He cried out once again in utter despair. 'Oh please somebody help me; please somebody help me'. There was no one. Louie was on his own.
Louie wasn't going to give up. It was with the love he felt for his mate; this was together with sheer determination; that he made a valiant attempt to drag Lulu to the side of the road. This was to the side of the road that was closest the stream. It was a long agonising process. It was as more cars passed that Louie had to let Lulu go and fly up out of the way. Louie felt sick with worry.
It was ultimately that Louie managed to get Lulu off the road. This was into the shade of some grass close to the edge. Louie was still sobbing uncontrollably. He could hardly see for tears. It was unfortunately that Lulu was twitching less by this time. She really was close to dying. Louie knew it.
Louie came to realise that Lulu was badly dehydrated. This was from lying on the hot surface of the road. Louie knew that he had to get her water to cool her little body. It was on that basis that he flew the short distance off to the stream. It was there that he dived into the water. Having done so, he then flew back to Lulu. This was with his furry body soaked in stream water. Having arrived back at where Lulu was lying; he hovered over her. In the process he shook the water off his body and onto Lulu. He did this several times. Louie had thought that there seemed to be some benefit to his actions. Lulu had appeared to move a little more when the water had cooled her.
It was subsequent to Louie giving Lulu water that Louie leaned over her. He then held his beloved bee close to him. It was in a desperate plea that he said. 'Can you hear me Lulu? Please; please say something'. Louie waited for a response. There was nothing.
Louie then headed back to the stream to fetch water for Lulu one more time. Having done so, something suddenly came to him. He then knew what he had to do. Louie was thinking more clearly by this time. He had to leave Lulu. He had to get to the tunnel and on through the quartz. Maybe; just maybe there was a chance of saving Lulu.
It was before leaving Lulu that Louie carefully covered her with grass. This was so that she would be shaded and kept cool. He then headed off to the tunnel. Louie flew at top speed. His wings and body ached but he knew he didn't have much time. Louie duly arrived at the tunnel entrance. Oh no! He didn't have the key. He would have to fly home to fetch it!
Louie was desperately tired. He was hurting. Even so he pushed on with what he had to do. It was on home that he flew to pick up the key. Everything around him was a blur. He didn't feel or see the beautiful spring day that was all about him. He had a purpose that he would die trying to fulfil.
Louie in now having the key it was back to the tunnel. It was then along the tunnel to the quartz that he went as fast as he could. With the urgency of the situation there wasn't time to light the beeswax candles. It was as a result that Louie bruised and battered himself even more. This was as he half ran and half flew in a blind panic in the dark. It was as he went that Louie repeated over and over to himself. 'Please; please don't let me be too late'.
It was once Louie was through the quartz and out into the village that he flew back to where Lulu was. It took a short while to locate her. It had been in his panic to save her that he hadn't left anything to mark the spot.  
It was on locating Lulu that Louie looked at her. She seemed by all accounts to be lifeless. She looked so tiny to Louie now that he was on the other side of the quartz. The question was would it work; could he do it?
Louie clenched his left fist close to Lulu. Oh no! Louie had injured himself as a bee. His left fist was weak. Initially there was virtually no blue aura. He couldn't use his right fist as that would advance Lulu to certain death. 
Louie touched Lulu to see if there was any life. He then said while sobbing with grief. 'I Love you Lulu'.
Amazingly enough; it was in reaction to what Louie had said that there was a flicker of movement in one of Lulu's legs. In being encouraged by what had occurred; Louie squeezed his left fist for all he was worth. He was desperate. Yes! Yes! He had managed to produce the necessary blue aura. Lulu was slowly moving back in time. She was reverting back to be the beautiful bee she had been. It was miraculous to watch. Lulu's bent and broken wing folded back and down to where it was normally positioned. The gash along the side of her body melted away. It was with Lulu back as she should be that Louie unclenched his fist. Lulu then opened her eyes and stood up.
Louie's problems weren't over yet. It was with all that had happened that he had forgotten he was on the other side of the quartz. He was totally invisible to Lulu. It was without thinking that he said. 'My beautiful Lulu; you are going to be alright'.
Lulu; who didn't know what this strange voice was; let alone where it was coming from; immediately flew off in fright. Oh dear! As a result Louie was beside himself. He almost screamed. 'I can't believe it! I can't believe how stupid I have been. How will I find her now?'
Louie on having realised his mistake; hurriedly returned to the quartz in the village. It was then on through to the tunnel. Having arrived he blundered his way along in the dark and out into the light again. It was then without a second thought that Louie flew to where Lulu had been. He knew that he had come to the right place because he could see the grass that he had used to cover her. He called out Lulu's name over and over again. There was no response. She was nowhere to be seen. Next on the agenda was to make an attempt to find her. First of all he flew home. There was a hope that maybe she had made her way there. No; Lulu wasn't there or at the Factory either.
Louie had just about had it. His wings ached. He was dirty from being on the road. In now being at his wit's end he flew straight to Pearl's apartment. His immediate thoughts were that she would know what to do.
It was on arriving at Pearl's apartment that Louie banged on the door. He called out in desperation. 'Pearl; help me, help me, please help me. I have lost Lulu'.
Pearl immediately opened the door and took the poor distressed bee in. It was then that best he could that Louie explained what had happened. This was between the sobs that somehow kept coming relentlessly in waves of despair.
Pearl comforted Louie. She was pensive for a moment. She then said. 'Louie where do you think Lulu might head to if she was frightened?'
'I don't know Pearl; I just don't know. She isn't at the Factory. She isn't at home. I've looked along the road'.
Pearl thought some more. This was before saying 'Louie I believe that with what you have relayed to me; Lulu would head for somewhere high up for safety. It would be a natural instinct to do so. I'm thinking of maybe a tall tree. There are some tall trees on the reserve just up from where you say Lulu flew off. Let's both of us go and check there'.
Louie and Pearl flew off together. It was on having arrived at the place that Pearl had suggested that she and Louie called Lulu to no avail. It seemed to be hopeless. Pearl suggested that they rest a bit to take stock of the situation. 
It was ultimately that Pearl came up with an idea. She said to Louie. 'Louie, I believe that Lulu would be disorientated. In having gone back in time she possibly doesn't know where she is. I believe her first thoughts would be to try and find you. The thing is that she wouldn't know where to look. What I suggest is that we sit here without making a sound and listen.
Louie and Pearl did just that. They sat and listened. They waited and waited. Louie was desperately trying to control his sobbing that had resulted from his grief. This was so that he wouldn't miss any chance of hearing Lulu.
'Listen!' Pearl said after what seemed to be an eternity. Yes; Louie had also heard something in the direction of the stream as well.
Pearl then suggested to Louie. 'Let's fly closer to the source of the sound and listen again'. 
It was having flown a short distance that Louie and Pearl alighted at the top of a tall pine tree. It was from there that they listened again. Yes they heard it! It was faint but clearly the sound of Lulu. She was calling for Louie. Louie flew off immediately. He had heard his beloved Lulu. Sure enough; it was at the top of another pine tree that there she was. Her wings that were of course now perfect were quivering with fright.
It was fortunately that Lulu had recognised Louie and Pearl immediately. It was with much relief that she said.  'Louie; Pearl; what has happened? Have I had a bad dream or something? I'm lost; I don't know where I am'. 
Louie finding it difficult to even speak said. 'Lulu; thank goodness you are alright!'
It was with the situation resolved that Pearl took command. She said to Louie. 'Bring Lulu back to my apartment. We can then tell her all about what has happened. We can get you cleaned up too Louie'.
****
It was back at Pearl's apartment that Pearl made some hot and strong gum leaf tea. Louie took a hot bath and massaged his bruised and battered body. It was while Louie was taking his bath that Pearl relayed to Lulu what Louie had told her. Pearl explained to Lulu how she had been hit by a car. She also went on to say how Louie had put his own life at risk to save her. It was finally that Pearl said; 'What really frightened you Lulu was actually Louie when he was on the other side of the quartz. It was when he tried to talk to you'.
Lulu was quiet. There were tears in her eyes as she absorbed that amazing story that Pearl had relayed to her. Lulu came to realise that if it hadn't been for her wonderful Louie, she wouldn't be alive.
It was sometime later that Louie came back into the room. He was by this time a clean and tidy bee. He was a little sore but oh so happy. Louie held Lulu to him. He gave her as big a hug as his sore body would allow. She was just as she was before being hit by the car. The only thing that was different was her pink ribbon that she normally wore about her head. It was missing. 
'Oh Lulu', Louie said with a sigh. 'I really thought I had lost you'.
****
 It was when emotions had settled that Pearl said. 'Isn't it incredible to think about it. If the properties of the quartz in the tunnel hadn't been discovered; that is first by you Louie; we probably wouldn't be sitting here talking now. In addition your homes along the stream would have been destroyed by the water pipe project. Then worst of all; Lulu might not have been with us'.
The shock of it all was easing to some degree. Louie turned to address Pearl. 'Thanks so much Pearl. If it wasn't for your clear thinking as to where to find Lulu; we might not have found her'.
'Who knows', Pearl said with a shrug of her wings. 'We really have all been so lucky'.
'Yes Pearl; luck surely has been on our side. What I would like to do now is to take Lulu home. I want to spend the remainder of the day with her. Then I suggest that tonight Pearl; we will take you to the Nest Café. Lulu and I will shout you the wine and chocolate cake that you didn't receive today'.
Pearl laughed. 'You don't have to do that but I won't say no!'
Louie went on to say. 'As far as the red wine and the chocolate cake is concerned I need to recover a bit. Tomorrow Lulu and I will try again to fetch you your chocolate cake and red wine from the village. This time we won't stop and look at flowers along the road; will we Lulu?' Louie had a twinkle in his eye. He loved his Lulu. The main thing was that she was with him again. 
It was ultimately that Louie and Lulu left Pearl. They flew back to their precious little home. This was in the sunshine of the magnificent spring day that it was. It was there that Louie and Lulu sat out on their sundeck. Lulu had found another pink ribbon and put it on. To Louie she looked even more beautiful. Yes; it has to be said that the thought of what could have eventuated this particular day would be with the two bees for quite some time. 
****
One would have thought that the hassles for Louie and Lulu were over for the time being. It wasn't quite the case as we will now come to learn. To elaborate further; it was on the day following the trauma that Louie's bruised limbs were still quite sore. He was struggling to move about to some degree. It was on that basis that Louie made the suggestion that he and Lulu make an appointment to see Dr Sum Ting Wong. This was to have a check up. Lulu agreed. It was appropriate to do so following such an ordeal the day before.
Louie had phoned Dr Wong's nurse. She happened to be a pretty little aphid by the name of Tealeaf. Yes it was an unusual name but it somehow went with her petiteness and her prettiness. Anyway; it was as a result of phoning that Louie and Lulu were booked in at the surgery for 10.00 a.m. It was when they had arrived that the waiting room was full of ants for goodness sake. It was obvious that there was some sort of anty virus doing the rounds. 
Ants aside; Louie went in to see Dr Wong first. The doctor gave Louie a thorough check-up. He felt it to be that the bruising and aches within his legs and wings would be gone within a day or two. Louie was given a course of anti inflammatory medicine. It was a special medicine containing a compound known as Aillemac Nellop. This was; truth be known; actually "Camellia Pollen" spelt backwards. Dr Sum Ting Wong felt that in spelling the "stuff" backwards it would give the impression of being a powerful medicine. It would thus; this was from a psychological point of view; make the patient better quicker. Louie was pleased with the medicine he had been given. This was because it came in a delicious nectar mixture; and it was to be taken three times a day.
 It was ultimately that Louie emerged form the surgery with his medicine. He smiled at Lulu and gave her a hug. He whispered in her ear. 'It's all OK; I've got some special medicine. It's your turn now'. 
Lulu duly went in to see the Doctor. This was while Louie waited in the waiting room. It ended up being that Lulu was gone quite a while. In fact Louie was becoming quite concerned.
It was when Lulu came out after seeing the Doctor that she was in tears. She was seemingly exceedingly distressed about something. The first thing Lulu said to Louie was; this was while sobbing, 'Louie, please take me home. I can't talk here'.
The pair flew home along the stream. They flew close together as always. Louie couldn't help but wonder what on earth could be wrong. Lulu wouldn't stop crying. The sun was shining so it was on arriving home that Louie and Lulu sat out on the sundeck. They were sitting side by side on a rather comfortable dual seat just made for two bees. Yes; the seat was another piece of Louie's sundeck ferniture that he had made from ferns.  
It was on sitting down that Lulu turned to her mate. She said to Louie. 'Louie please hold me. I don't know how to tell you. You may not want me anymore',
'What nonsense', Louie responded while holding Lulu tightly. 'I'll always want you no matter what. Please tell me; what it is?'
It was then that Lulu broke down. Tears flowed. It was with much distress that she said. 'Louie please help me. Following the accident when the car hit me; something has happened to me. There has been some form of genetic alteration. I'm incapable of producing any little bees. Please understand that I love you more than anything Louie. Even so; I'll understand if you don't want me any more'.
Louie held Lulu close to him. He comforted her by gently stroking her soft black fur. This was before saying. 'Lulu; please understand that nothing in the world will stop me loving you. Irrespective of what has happened we are going to get married. That's a promise. I couldn't do without you'.
'Louie', Lulu responded having brightened up a little. 'Do you really mean it? You could if you wanted to, marry someone better than me?' 
'No Lulu', Louie pronounced with much firmness. 'I won't hear of it. You are the only one I would ever consider marrying. We will work through this together. It's what marriage is all about; that is for better for worse'.
'Louie; you wonderful bee. What you have said is music to my ears. I'm sorry that I over reacted. I was so afraid that you might not want me any more. You don't know what it means to me for you to say what you have'.
'Lulu', Louie continued. 'I love you even more. I feel for you so much with your distress over this. Even so it is irrelevant in the scheme of things. It has no bearing on our love for one another. I want you to forget all about it. As far as I'm concerned our lives together go on just the same as before'.
The pair remained silent for a while. This was while feeling and enjoying the love that was in existence between the two bees.  It what following what had been an intimate moment that Louie said. 'Just think Lulu; what has happened with you might be my entire fault. When I brought you back to life I may have stopped the process too soon. Some of the damage that occurred to you when you were hit by the car possibly hasn't been completely reversed'.
'Louie', Lulu responded. 'You are so kind and loving to me. I'm alright now. Knowing that I have you as my lifetime mate is all that matters'.
'That's better my beautiful Lulu. You stay here while I fetch us a cup of TG Tips; and some chocolate cake. That will make you feel better'.
Lulu laughed and said. 'Yes please Louie. I would like that. Thank you my wonderful bee',
So it was that within a short space of time; Louie had returned to Lulu with the tea and chocolate cake. The two bees were happy once more. The crisis for Lulu had passed. She was returning to be her old self.
Louie smiled with satisfaction. He could never do without his beloved Lulu. He gently caressed Lulu's head with much affection. It was then with a laugh that he said to Lulu. 'Apart from this nonsense we have encountered this morning; I hope Dr Wong didn't find anything else wrong!'
'No Louie', Lulu confirmed. 'Quite frankly I feel better than ever. Maybe Louie you made me even younger than I was before. Who knows? Besides which; knowing that you still love me is all that matters to me. Sure; I would dearly love for us to have some little bees of our own. If it is not to be; so be it I guess'.
'Agreed Lulu. You are not to worry about it any more. I will get very cross with you if you do!' 
Lulu laughed. It was getting on towards midday by this time. The sun was high in the sky. The day was pleasant and reasonably warm. In being reasonably warm; Louie and Lulu moved the sundeck furniture into the shade of a fern frond. Having sat down side by side once more; Louie said to Lulu. 'You know what Lulu; what you learnt from Dr Wong is nothing in the scheme of things. I was so close to losing you yesterday and I didn't. That's what counts!'
 Louie was right. Louie and Lulu held each other tightly. They slept under the fern frond well on into the afternoon. Life was good again. Now there was a wedding to organise and look forward to. It was also late that afternoon that they headed back to the village to fetch some red wine and chocolate cake for a certain moth that they knew. 

Chapter 18
Wedding Preparations

We now move on in time to the second week of spring. Louie and Lulu have put behind them the terrible trauma of the moment when Lulu was hit by a car. Their minds are now preoccupied with wedding preparations.
It's as we take up our story that it is a Saturday morning. The day is fine and clear with little wind. Yes it does rain sometimes but not this particular day. Louie and Lulu are sitting as they like to do outside on the sundeck of their streamside home. At this point in time the wedding date has been firmly set for the last Saturday in spring. On that basis there are eleven weeks to go to the big day. There is quite a lot to be done before the wedding. Even so; eleven weeks should be quite adequate. It so happens that in the insect world, things can be done unbelievably quickly as we shall come to learn! 
Lulu has been busying herself out on the sundeck. She has almost finished getting the invitations ready. Not unnaturally the happy couple are enjoying a cup of Louie's TG Tips. Louie is deep in thought about the number of guests that would be arriving; and more importantly where they might stay.
In relation to accommodation for the wedding guests; Louie summed it up in his mind as follows. For one were there five rooms available beneath the Nest Café. Then Louie himself had built an extra room onto their house and expanded the lounge. Pearl had a couple of spare rooms in her apartment. The Country Club could actually accommodate all of the guests if required. Unfortunately as far as convenience was concerned; that was too far away. It was definitely best for all concerned if the guest accommodation could be somewhere along the stream. That is somewhere not too far away from Virgil's hangar where the wedding was to be held.  Louie in coming to realise that there was a shortfall in accommodation came up with an idea.
So it was that Louie with his idea about guest accommodation still fresh in his mind, placed his arm about Lulu. Louie as we know had by this time become quite an assertive bee. He wanted things to be just right for the beloved Lulu that he nearly lost. It was amazing but right at that moment; Lulu was thinking along the same lines as Louie. That is about guest accommodation. The large number of invitations that she had been making ready had made her think of it. It was accordingly that she raised the subject with Louie.
'Louie; something that concerns me is the issue of where all our guests for the wedding should be accommodated? I don't really want them to have trouble finding a place to stay if we can avoid it. The problem is there isn't anything close by that is big enough'.
'Lulu I have been thinking about it too', Louie concurred. 'I have an idea that I am really quite excited about'.
'Tell me my loveable bee'.
'As you know Lulu', Louie continued. 'At the Nest Café there are several rooms beneath it that are quite appropriate for guests. What I suggest be done is to build more rooms there. In fact the whole Nest Café could be rebuilt so that it is incorporated into an extensive hotel'.
What Louie was saying had some merit. This was because the insect community along the stream had grown over the years. It had ended up being woefully short of accommodation for visitors. Virgil and his wife Virginia had by this time expanded their air services operation considerably. It had become somewhat of a nuisance to have visitors to the area accommodated out at the Country Club; nice as it was.
Louie continued. 'Lulu there is a new company called Beehive Apartments that has recently arrived on the scene. Their speciality is to quickly assemble prefabricated luxury honeycomb units. They have a very large team of honey bees to do the work. We could also get Sparrow Construction to build a new roof over the finished project so that the Nest Café retains its character'.
'That sounds just wonderful my clever bee', Lulu responded with much enthusiasm. She had sat up to give Louie her undivided attention. 'Do you really think it could be done?'
'I don't see why not. I would need to get approval from Pearl to use a large chunk of the Reserve Bank dollops and scents. However I am sure she would say yes. Pearl would see that it would be good for the area as well as tourism and all that'.
Louie went on to say. 'One real advantage of building more accommodation at the Nest Café would be that it would give the Nest Café more business as well. Actually while we have the contractors on site it would be good to refurbish and extend the Nest Café itself. I'm sure Basil and Sybil would welcome the opportunity. In fact we should involve them in any pending discussions we might have'.
'Gosh Louie', Lulu said in now being most impressed with Louie's idea. 'Quite the entrepreneur, aren't we! It sounds wonderful Louie. I'm so proud of you'.
'I've even got a name for the new hotel', Louie said with a degree of pride.
'Please tell me Louie', Lulu pleaded. Her eyes were sparkling with anticipation.
'Well Lulu. The stream alongside where the hotel would be constructed just babbles on past and down to the village. So let's call it the Hotel Babbleon!'
'You clever, clever bee Louie. It sounds very posh and inviting'.
'Right', Louie pronounced with much assertiveness. 'There's nothing like getting on with things while they are still fresh in one's mind. How about we go up and see Pearl and get things moving. If we get her approval to do so, I'll contact Beehive Apartments today. I suggest that we then all meet on Monday'.
Louie phoned Pearl. Louie didn't mention on the phone what it was all about. Even so, Pearl could detect much excitement in Louie's voice. Yes; she was free for the two bees to call up and see her. It was on arriving at Pearl's apartment that Pearl said while beaming a smile. 'Gosh what's exciting you two now?'
Louie went over the plan he had in mind. It didn't take long before Pearl said. 'Yes Louie; I believe this is a truly marvellous plan!' She looked at Louie and smiled. She couldn't help thinking how he really had become such an assertive yet still loveable bee. Pearl could see the influence Lulu had had on him was something very special. Pearl thought Louie's suggestion of the name "Hotel Babbleon" to be just spot on. She told him so. Yes; it has to be said that with such praise from the Queen of the insects; Louie's yellow stripes turned a delicate shade of pink. 
'Well', Pearl said at length. 'To get things moving Louie; I'd suggest that you phone Beehive Apartments now.  Let's arrange a meeting with them at the Nest Café on Monday at 10.00 a.m. We can indicate to them exactly what we want. We can also discuss cost. If it all works out I'll sign the contract then and there!'
 Pearl on having further reflected on Louie's idea said. 'This is truly excellent. It really will be good for our community. I suggest that we celebrate. It's a very special occasion. It's special not only from the point of view of your wedding but it will be a milestone for the community as well. Let's all have some red wine. Lulu; you and I can go and sit out on the sundeck and talk wedding things. That is while Louie fetches the wine for us'.
It was while Pearl and Lulu headed for the sundeck outside that Louie phoned Beehive Apartments. Yes; they would be there at the Nest Café at 10.00 a.m on Monday. It was all go. Louie then poured some red wine as agreed. He then went to join Lulu and Pearl out on the sundeck. It was there that the trio discussed and formulated in their minds what the hotel should look like. This was as well as how big it should be.
'I think we should try for a hundred rooms or more', Pearl ultimately suggested. 'Let's have it extending out from the back of the Nest Café. That way views from the Café won't be obstructed'.
Pearl went on to suggest five stories high so that the top levels would have a good view out along the stream.  It was exciting. The three spent the remainder of the morning discussing the final details for Monday. Pearl put together an agenda for the meeting. The Hotel Babbleon was all go - thanks to Louie. It was ultimately that Louie and Lulu left Pearl late morning. They then headed back down to their house for lunch. Lulu made some delicious dandelion leaf sandwiches toasted in buttercup oil. Yum!
So it was with the Hotel Babbleon project agreed upon; Lulu spent the afternoon adding additional information to the invitations. This was that there was to be a new Hotel built close by to the wedding venue. Lulu requested as part of the R.S.V.P. for respondents to indicate if accommodation would be required. Yes indeed; things were starting to move along.
It was later in the afternoon of this particular day that Louie suggested that he and Lulu head off for a fly along the stream. It was also suggested that they drop in to see Virgil. This was to advise him of the latest developments in relation to the hotel. Louie suggested that first they head downstream. This was to fly over the Nest Café area to have a look before heading to Virgil's. It would be a means of confirming in their minds as to exactly where the hotel would go.
It was when it was time to depart that the two bees lifted off the sundeck. It was then on down to fly just above the stream surface. Having duly arrived at the Nest Café they gained altitude and circled above it. It was relatively easy to see where the Hotel Babbleon would be constructed. The site was entirely appropriate. There were some large ferns hanging over the stream a short distance behind the Nest Café. It was quite a beautiful setting for the hotel. 
It was for the sheer fun of it that Louie and Lulu dropped down to the stream again. They then flew down to the Village Bridge. It was here that Louie shouted. 'Race you back to Virgil's place - Go!'
Off they went; this was just above the stream surface as fast as they could go. Lulu was slightly behind Louie because he had cheated. This was by saying "go" before Lulu had a chance to turn around. 
Lulu didn't mind. She knew only too well that she would get her own back! It was accordingly that she shouted. 'Louie; look back there!'
'Where?' Louie had said while looking back.
'Fooled you!' Lulu called out while laughing. She shot past her mate and into the lead.
'Ha Ha, very funny', Louie retorted. 'I'll catch you!'
It eventuated that Louie didn't catch Lulu. Lulu was the first to arrive at Virgil's hangar. 'I beat you, I beat you', she shouted with much glee.
'You're a clever bee', Louie said on having landed beside Lulu. 'What would I do without you, you rascal!'
Louie picked Lulu up. For being such a naughty bee he threatened to throw her in the stream. Lulu screamed in a "stop it I like it" sort of manner. Virgil then came out of the hangar to see what all the commotion was. 'Might have known it was you two', he said with a laugh.
Something needs to be mentioned in relation to Louie and Lulu racing one another. It wasn't simply flippant nonsense. What had taken place pleased Louie to the very core of his being. He knew that in spite of the accident when Lulu had been hit by a car; she had returned to being the fit, healthy, and pretty young bee that she had been before. The fact that Lulu could no longer produce offspring didn't matter to Louie in the slightest. The important thing was that he had his mate to share his life with. Nothing else mattered. Then to top it off he was soon to marry Lulu. Never had there been a love so strong.  
Getting back to the moment when Louie and Lulu had arrived at Virgil's place; it was at the same time that Virginia flew in and landed. She had just returned from delivering a group of tourists up to the cave. She had left them there for the night. 
With Virginia having arrived; she and Virgil immediately went over to greet Louie and Lulu. It was Virginia that said. 'Good to see you guys, how's it all going?'
'Everything is going really well', Louie confirmed. 'We've dropped by because I believe that we have got some good news for you two'.
Louie duly told them about the hotel project. Virgil and Virginia were exceedingly  pleased with the news. It had indeed affected the growth of their tourist operation in not having accommodation close by. Virgil on learning of the news suggested that it would be appropriate to incorporate a landing pad on the roof of the hotel. This was so that he and Virginia could land to pickup and drop off guests as required. Louie accordingly made a mental note for the meeting on Monday.
It was having talked of plans for the hotel that Louie and Lulu then went over the arrangements for the big day of their wedding. In particular this was with Virginia who was organising the hangar for the ceremony. Louie also reconfirmed honeymoon arrangements with Virgil. This was that he and Lulu would be staying at the cave for a week. Virgil was organising it so that at the cave there would be adequate supplies of food. Yes; food such as chocolate cake, red wine, honey nectar, and a few other things that bees are partial to. Not forgetting of course a week's supply of Beehive Matches!
It was as discussion progressed that Lulu's toes simply curled up with excitement. She had an arm about Louie. She was clutching him to her very tightly.  Louie and Lulu's happiness was infectious. Virgil and Virginia reminisced, talked, and laughed about their recent wedding too. 
It was having relaxed and talked that time had moved on to being late afternoon. The day was coming to a close. It was on that basis that Virgil's wasps were returning one by one and parking themselves in the hangar for the night. It was there that they would refuel and be ready for the next day. It was fascinating for Louie and Lulu to watch the wasps returning. It was with evening fast approaching and twilight not far off that  initially there would be the sound of an approaching wasp. This was at cruising power some distance away along the stream. This sound would reduce in pitch as the wasp approached. Finally it would be that the wasp would come into view. It would bank to the west and sweep in from the stream. This was before landing perfectly outside the hangar. Louie and Lulu stood together and watched for awhile. They both felt very special in being a part of the insect community. 
It was with the wasps having arrived back for the night that Virgil had to go and attend to their needs. It was accordingly that Louie and Lulu bid adieu and headed back down the stream to their home. It had been another good day. It was on arriving home that Louie and Lulu sat out on the sundeck until twilight had faded. By this time it was starting to become cool. Louie held Lulu to keep her warm. Neither spoke. Words weren't necessary to express what the two bees felt.
****
Monday duly arrived. It was the day when the meeting about the hotel was to take place. It was first thing in the morning that Louie and Lulu called into the Factory. This was to check that all was well. Import was in charge so there were no problems there. In being springtime the Factory was back to working five days a week again.
It was at 10.00a.m that Pearl, Louie and Lulu met with a representative from Beehive Apartments. This was at the Nest Café as previously arranged. The representative from Beehive Apartments was a really nice bee called "Buzz". Buzz happened to be an unusually short bee. Pearl also wondered what "Buzz" was short for. Maybe she thought it was because his parents hadn't fed him as a child! 
Basil, who was the manager of the Nest Café, joined in on the meeting with Buzz. Having done so, he laid some tentative plans and suggestions out on the table. It has to be said that it was truly marvellous what Buzz had done at such short notice.
It was an intensive morning. Buzz presented several different options for the hotel. He carefully explained advantages versus costs to help with the decision making process. It was following much discussion that it was agreed that 120 rooms would be built. In addition it was because it was such an important project that there were to be no expenses spared. It ended up being; this was as Pearl had originally suggested; that the hotel would consist of five levels. Buzz explained how with their highly trained team of bees that the honeycomb units could be put up in a very short time - literally a matter of three to four weeks.
Beehive Apartments were exceedingly comprehensive in what they offered. Included in the contract price was the staffing of the hotel. It had been agreed that Beehive Apartments would arrange to employ all the necessary personbirds for reception and room services. This was together with a team of professionally trained beetles to manage the hotel. All rooms were to be fitted with Fly TV. Yes it was to be all the mod con's right down to beeswax "soap on a rope" in the bathrooms.
Buzz went on to confirm that when the rooms had been completed; Sparrow Construction would place a new roof on the combined Hotel and Nest Café complex. It was to be a roof that would match the original Nest Café roof. An area on the roof had also been allocated for Virgil Blue to land and take off. This was for the flying in and out of guests as and when required.
It was agreed with Basil that while Beehive Apartments were building the new hotel that it would be a good time to refurbish the Nest Café. This was as well as to extend it with a new bar facility. Basil had a good idea as to what they might name the new bar. He felt it to be that with the new bar added they would have built more on. On that basis an appropriate name would be the "Builtmore". Great idea Basil!
It was all settled. What a grand concept it was. Yes there it was; the Babbleon Hotel with 120 rooms and fully staffed. Then of course as an integral part of that hotel was to be the refurbished Nest Café with the new Builtmore Bar. Everybody in attendance at the meeting was exceedingly pleased with the whole concept. Pearl duly signed the contract. It was a done deal. Beehive Apartments were to be on site within a week. The Hotel Babbleon was then due to be finished at least three weeks before Louie and Lulu's wedding.
The meeting finished just after midday. Buzz in feeling happy with the arrangement; departed to get his wings and things moving. Pearl Louie and Lulu stayed on and had a spot of lunch. It was over lunch that the trio talked about and planned the wedding day itself. Pearl of course was marrying Louie and Lulu. It needed to be discussed as to how and when the couple would arrive. Then there was the actual time that the ceremony was due to start. The fact that Louie Lulu and Pearl were together for lunch meant that it was a good time to finalise a few things.
It had been a positive morning followed by an excellent lunch. Many exciting things were soon to happen. It was sometime after lunch that Pearl headed back to her apartment. This was at about 3.00 p.m. Louie and Lulu stayed a little longer and talked more about the wedding day and their future together. In fact they talked for close to an hour. So it was that about 4.00p.m that Louie said. 'Right; come on my beautiful Lulu; let's head back to the Factory. On having checked that all is OK there I reckon we should call it a day'.
It was when back at the Factory that Louie and Lulu invited the Ten Ants into the office. In essence this was to let them know about the new hotel. They advised the Ten Ants that in being very special little creatures they were all invited to the wedding. Not only that; they were also to be seated at the front; this was in Virgil's hangar; for the ceremony!
The Ten Ants cheered. There was a resounding chorus of, "Hooray for Mr Louie and Lulu". It was in being such a happy moment that Louie fetched some chocolate cake and honey nectar. It was then that they all chatted and talked until it was time to go home. 
When it was time to go home; The Ten Ants went down to their home in the floor of the shed. Louie and Lulu in then being on their own held each other very tightly. They reflected once more on the future happiness they would share. 
It was not much later that what was now a familiar scene could be seen. That is two bees flying close together just above the stream. If one happened to be in the right position they could be seen silhouetted against the golden glow of a sunset sky. This was while flying to their little house set amongst flowers and ferns on the stream bank. 

Chapter 19
The Big Day

Our story now moves on to the evening before Louie and Lulu's wedding. The Hotel Babbleon had been completed for some three weeks by this time. What is quite a large number of wedding guests have arrived with most staying at the new hotel. In fact the new hotel is completely booked out for the big day.
The Nest Café has been humming in recent weeks. Basil and Sybil are extremely pleased with the renovations; not to mention the addition of the new Builtmore Bar. It has to be said that the Nest Café personbirds have been rushed off their feet to cater for all those that have arrived for the wedding.
Louie is at home on this particular evening. He is as nervous as a bee can be. Lulu is staying the night with Pearl Baker-Moth. Louie won't see Lulu until the following morning at 11.00 a.m. That is the time for the wedding to commence. The wedding time had been arranged reasonably early so that Louie and Lulu would have time to get away on their honeymoon. The get away time was to be about mid-afternoon. This was after speeches had been made and the guests had partaken in lunch.
It had been over the day that Louie; this was to keep his mind off being nervous; had flown twice down to the tunnel entrance. This was to make sure it was securely locked. He had also taken the opportunity to ensure that all was well at the Reserve Bank. Once back at home, Louie had been pacing up and down practicing his wedding speech. He was also repeating the vows that he would pledge to Lulu. The nervousness Louie felt didn't relate so much to the wedding itself. It related more to the alone feeling he had once experienced. That is without Lulu being with him. Such a feeling had seemingly brought back a feeling of lack of confidence. This worried Louie to a degree. It concerned him that he might let Lulu down by saying something stupid when giving his speech at the wedding. He didn't really have to worry because even if he did make a mistake; Lulu would still love him!
Yes; Louie in not having Lulu with him was indeed experiencing feelings of loneliness. She was his whole life. It really did take him back to the days when he lived alone. However the situation wasn't too bad. He wasn't completely alone. Import had been chosen to be Louie's best man. He was staying the night to keep Louie company.
Lulu was feeling the same as Louie in that she missed him. Even so, all would change the following day. Besides which Pearl was wonderful company. She reassured Lulu that all would be well. She knew all would be well because she had come to learn that the two bees were utterly inseparable.
Lulu had made her own spider silk wedding dress. It was hanging up for all to see in Pearl's apartment. The pair admired the dress and kept adjusting and fiddling with the train to make it ready for the following day. It was at Louie's request that Lulu was to wear her pink ribbon about her head. He hadn't forgotten the terrible day of the incident with the car when her pink ribbon had been lost. It had been blown away in the wind. Lulu's pink ribbon was very special to Louie. This was because she had been wearing it the day she had obtained a job at the Factory. It was a moment in time that Louie had become utterly besotted with Lulu. Not that he would admit it.
It had been before Lulu had left home for Pearl's apartment that she had carefully laid out Louie's clothes for him. He was to be wearing a new pair of white spider silk shorts. This was together with a natty little black waistcoat. To match the waistcoat there was a black top hat. Lulu had made both the waistcoat and the top hat for Louie. 
It was before Lulu had left for Pearl's place that she had advised Louie of what he needed to do. She had tears in her eyes as she reminded him not to get the shorts creased or dirty. She also carefully explained to him where he could find the things he needed. Yes; Lulu hated being apart from Louie. She knew only too well that he needed her because he could be a very forgetful bee at times.
It was ultimately Louie and Import filled in the evening watching Fly TV. Louie hardly took any notice of it. His mind was on the following day.
****
The day of the wedding dawned to be beautifully fine with not a cloud in the sky. Both Louie and Lulu had felt relieved that the big day had finally arrived. They would soon be together again.
It was by 10.30 a.m that the guests had assembled at Virgil's hangar. They cheered when shortly after both Louie and Import arrived. Louie raised his top hat to all his friends and associates that were there. It was then that Louie with Import at his side headed into the hangar to wait for Lulu and Pearl to arrive.
Red wine and honey nectar were flowing freely. The Nest Café had done an excellent job of catering. Louie and Import felt a little more relaxed following the consumption of a little red wine and some honey nectar. They mingled with the guests for a short while before waiting at the altar.
Pearl and Lulu had made themselves ready for the wedding at the Hotel Babbleon. This was in a room specially set aside for them. Pearl had arranged it so that Duck Paddle Cruises would take them to Virgil's hangar. It was a very clever and thoughtful thing that Pearl had done. It was this particular day of the wedding that the M.V. Penelope was to be used to transport Louie and Lulu. In actuality it was a duck named Penelope. The letters "MV" stood for Mallard Variety. The duck itself had been covered in a mass of spring flowers. In effect this formed a float of sorts that was to move slowly upstream to the wedding venue. This was with Pearl and Lulu standing proudly on the back of the duck. Not to mention while being surrounded by the masses of flowers. Very beautiful it was. 
Pearl and Lulu had walked the short distance down from the Hotel Babbleon to Duck Paddle Cruises. A significant number of well-wishers were there to wish Lulu the best for her wedding. Lulu gasped when she saw the so called "vessel" alongside the wharf where it was waiting for them. What she could see was truly magnificent. The M.V. Penelope had been covered in masses of daisies and roses. A line of pink roses delicately touched the water about the water line. Most of the daisies were Elfin Daisies. Colour wise they consisted in the main of, yellows, pinks, reds, blues, and violet. It was in addition that the duck was sporting a coronet of Louie's favourite daisies. They were daisies that had been picked from the water's edge by their house on the stream.
It was being towed behind the duck that there was a water lily that had only just opened. On the satin crème petals of the lily were the words "Louie" and "Lulu". Between the two names; this was in the shape of a heart; was a composition of small red roses. The words Louie and Lulu had been written in bright blue berry juice. Pearl and Duck Cruises; this was together with some assistance from the Ten Ants; had done an incredible job to make the day special for Louie and Lulu.
Pearl had even arranged for Sparrow Construction to make a special gangway leading from the wharf up onto the M.V. Penelope. Entwined within the sides to the ramp were masses of freshly cut Jasmine flowers.
It was ultimately that Lulu and Pearl made their way up the ramp onto the "upper deck" of the M.V. Penelope. Pearl then spread Lulu's train out over the flowers that were in place. It was on a signal from Pearl that the powerful twin screw M.V. Penelope moved slowly away from the wharf. It was then on up the stream. The well-wishers that had gathered on the wharf cheered as the M.V. Penelope departed.
It was as soon as Pearl and Lulu had commenced the journey that a truly remarkable thing happened. Sir Cada had arranged it such that many hundreds of his relatives were lining the banks of the stream. This was between the hotel and Virgil's hangar. It was immediately that the cicadas broke into song. It was an unbelievably magic moment. The constant shrill of the cicadas moved both Lulu and Pearl to tears. Pearl and Lulu waved to the well-wishers lining the stream banks. It was a fairytale scene. Trees and fern fronds with the delicate green of fresh spring growth hung over them. This was as they moved on upstream. It was to add to the magic of the moment that the heavenly scent of spring flowers filled the air.
It was ultimately that the M.V. Penelope stopped alongside the stream bank at Virgil's hangar. Lulu and Pearl duly alighted. Nine of the Ten Ants were there to assist to them disembark. Lulu who was then standing ready to make her way to the altar looked exceptionally beautiful. This was while wearing her exquisite spider silk wedding dress and train. The ants had moved quickly to take up their designated positions. It was to carry Lulu's train that there were four each side and one at the rear. It should be noted that about Lulu's head was her pink ribbon. Inserted behind the ribbon were some of Louie's favourite daisies. Once again these came from the stream bank by their home.
It was at the point of disembarking that Pearl had once again arranged something very special. A couple of weeks before the wedding Pearl had been onto Twitter. What she had done was to arrange for two young thrushes to be at each side of the point where she and Lulu alighted. It was on a signal from Pearl that the two birds emerged from the bush that was close by. The two were dressed for the occasion with specially made cloaks of red rose petals. This was together with coronets of blue daisies. 
It was when the two thrushes were in position that they broke into the most beautiful bird song. A hush came over the guests as they listened to the exceptional performance. It was when the thrushes had completed their song that all the guests clapped and cheered. What a happy occasion it was
It was ahead of Lulu and Pearl; this was as they moved to the hangar; that within the hangar there was a jazz band playing. In fact it was the jazz band that normally played at the Nest Café. The band was led by a cool dude by the name of Bluie Armstrong. He played sax. Bluie was in fact a middle aged Blue Bottle fly. He certainly looked the part. He was wearing dark sunglasses that he wore even if there wasn't any sun. His father was believed to have been a weightlifter; hence the name Armstrong. 
It was accompanying Bluie that there was Beetle Harris on base. This was together with five cicadas on clarinet and flute. There was also a vocalist - it was some fella Fitzgerald. The band was playing some really cool romantic music that certainly added to the magic of the happy occasion.
It was as Lulu and Pearl entered the hangar that Bluie raised his arms. This was a signal for the band to play the Wedding March. It was on hearing the march playing Louie then turned to look. He could see his beloved Lulu. It was going to happen at last; they were about to be married. As far as Louie was concerned; Lulu looked to be the most beautiful bee in the world. The sight of her pink ribbon on her head took him back to the moment when he had first fallen in love with her.
Lulu moved to Louie's side at the altar. Having done so, she reached to touch him. It was possibly to check that he was real. Pearl then stood before the two bees and called for everybody's attention. The Wedding March had stopped playing. A hush had come over the guests. Pearl Baker-Moth by her very presence as the Queen of the insects had everyone in awe.
Pearl's voice was heard strongly and clearly throughout the hangar. This was as she proceeded with the ceremony. Her diction and authority were as though a greater power had come amidst all those present. Pearl was indeed the Queen of the insect community.
It was ultimately that Louie and Lulu spoke their vows to one another. They did so in such a manner that it was an irrevocable pledge to be together for ever. Import was standing alongside Louie. He had the ring in readiness for the right moment. The ring had apparently originally belonged to Louie's mother. Something sad had happened in Louie's life that he never talked about. His mother was no longer alive.
Louie slipped the precious ring onto Lulu's tiny finger. Louie knew that it was the right place for his mother's ring to be. He also knew that his mother would have been proud to have Lulu as a daughter in law. It was finally that Pearl paused and smiled. She then said. 'I pronounce you to be husband and wife. Louie you may now kiss the bride'. 
Everybody cheered. The band started playing again. Lulu was overcome with emotion. It was before joining the guests for lunch and speeches that wedding photographs were to be taken. Louie and Lulu were whisked out a rear door in the hangar. Pearl and the Ten Ants accompanied them. Virgil had arranged to do the photography. He was outside at the back of the hangar with his camera to take some shots of the happy couple. The area in question was entirely appropriate in providing a backdrop of ferns and flowers.
Virgil was very interested in this photography stuff. He had originally bought the camera because it was supposed to be good for aerial shots. However the only aerial in the area was Mr McFarland's television aerial. On that basis the camera hadn't been used that much. It was close by to the rear of the hangar that there was a Rhododendron bush. It was in full bloom. Louie Lulu and Pearl had alighted on a flower on the bush. The Ten Ants had climbed up on top of an Elfin Daisy that was close by. Everybody was in place for Virgil to proceed with the photography stuff.
So it was that Virgil lined the camera up. It was a FONY flash model; well it was fairly flash. It was also of the fidgetal type. Yes it took Virgil a lot of fidgeting and fiddling to get the damn thing to work.
For those who might be interested in the technical aspects of Virgil's camera; Virgil had read in the manual that it had something like ten Megapixies. Well put it this was; it was some word like that. Virgil had thought that if there were that many pixies making the picture it must be good.
The real advantage of using a FONY camera was something that has been alluded to before.  This was that those who wanted to view the pictures could do so via the smellular network. They could download the images as and when they wanted to at a later date.
It was with the appropriate photographs having been taken that it was then back to the guests in the hangar. The guests were by this time seated at rows of tables. They were tables that the Ten Ants had spent many weeks painstakingly weaving and constructing using dried grass. The tables were decorated with masses of spring flowers. Table cloths covering the tables were made from white lilies. It was moving amongst the tables that there were numerous personbirds attending to the guests. This was filling glasses with red wine and nectar. Not to mention replenishing bowls of nibbles. The nibbles in the mane consisted of pollen biscuits together with crisps made from toasted basil leaves. For those who liked things tasty there were also toasted mustard seeds. 
Pearl was seated at the head of the main table. Louie and Lulu were to her right. The Ten Ants were seated to her left. Sir Cada and Lady Bird were sitting next to Louie. This was together with other dignitaries that had been invited. It was when the guests were seated that Pearl called for a toast to the Bride and Groom. It was appropriately that the band discreetly played a selection of what was I suppose "toasting type" music.
It was ultimately that Louie gave quite a long speech. That is for a bee that was generally a bee of few words. Louie however found that the words flowed. This was because he was completely overwhelmed; just as Lulu was; with what their friends and associates had done to make this day special for them.
It was within Louie's speech that particular thanks went to Pearl for what she had arranged.  Not unnaturally a very special thanks went out to the Ten Ants who had been so supportive. They had worked tirelessly for the past months to make the occasion such a success. Then of course there was Sir Cada and his thoughtfulness in organising the chorus of cicadas. Then the wedding couldn't have taken place at all if it wasn't for Virgil and Virginia making the hangar available for the occasion. There were just so many friends to thank who had contributed to the success of the occasion. It has to be said that it was as Louie spoke that his voice was faltering with emotion.
It was when Louie had sat down following his speech that Import as best man told a few stories. In particular this was about Louie and a few things that had happened over the years at the Factory. The guests laughed with utter affection for Louie. It was once again that Louie's yellow stripes happened to turn a little pink. It was at the end of Import's speech that Import turned to address Louie. It was with genuine affection that he told him what a fine person the Ten Ants thought he was. He also mentioned how since meeting Lulu he had become the finest bee that any ant could wish to know! 
It was following the speeches that all in attendance relaxed and had a marvellous lunch. At the appropriate time the wedding cake was cut and distributed to the guests. It was a magnificent three tiered cake that had been made by the staff at the Nest Café. On top of the cake were replicas of Louie and Lulu made from honey sugar icing.  
Louie and Lulu stayed and mingled with their guests until 3.00 p.m. It was then time to say goodbye to everyone. This was to head off on their honeymoon. It was first that they changed out of their wedding clothes. This was in Virgil's office at the hangar. Having emerged ready to depart; Louie hugged Pearl and thanked her once again. Both Louie and Lulu then made a special effort to get the Ten Ants together. It was with many hugs of affection that they were told what great little creatures they were.
It was once Louie and Lulu were ready to depart that Pearl then took Louie in one hand and Lulu in the other. She walked the happy couple on outside the hangar into the sunshine. It was finally that she said. 'You two are very, very special to me. We have all got some wonderful times ahead of us. Please take care won't you. With the abilities we have been gifted the three of us have a mission to do all we can to keep the community safe'. 
It was following a final hug from Pearl that Louie and Lulu launched themselves into the air. It was then that briefly they circled overhead. Pearl waved to them as they passed over. She did so with a tear in her eye. Yes; there were indeed to be some amazing times ahead for the three of them.  
It was on having circled a few times overhead that Louie and Lulu descended to fly low over the stream. It was then west that they headed This was on up the stream in the direction of the hills. The guests cheered as the two bees disappeared into the distance. 
The cheering soon faded as Louie and Lulu moved away. The two bees glanced at each other while flying close and side by side. It had happened. They were together now forever. It was for some time that they flew in silence. This was while reflecting on the magic of what had come to pass. They couldn't help but feel privileged. In particular this was with what Pearl Baker-Moth as well as the Ten Ants and others had done for them. So it was that on up the stream that Louie and Lulu flew. They turned right at the fork and then on to the falls.
It was at the falls that Louie and Lulu landed to rest for a while. They did so on the rock where Virgil had taken Louie Pearl and the Ten Ants more than two years before. There was still some warmth in the afternoon sun. The two bees; although they had enjoyed themselves at the ceremony; felt good to be alone together. The transition from the social commitments at the wedding to being alone and free was something quite magic. It was magic because it was how their lives would be from this point in time.  
It was while resting that Louie and Lulu looked about them. This was not only at the magic of the falls but the utter beauty of the surrounding bush and ferns. Lulu had of course seen it all before. This was on one occasion when she and Louie had been on the other side of the quartz. The Kauri tree that Louie and Lulu had made to grow larger; and then smaller; was still there. So was the clump of buttercups. Many changes had taken place in their lives since that time. Somehow it was in being at the base of the falls that there was a peace that related to time having stood still.
Louie went on to explain to Lulu what they would be doing next. He made sure that Lulu understood to stay close to him when making their way through the tunnels. 'First of all', Louie explained. 'Follow me up to the top of the falls. We then enter a cave where the water that forms the falls emerges from within the hill. Once inside that cave we need to circle to enable our eyes to adapt to the dark.?.' 
Louie stopped what he was saying. It appeared to be that Lulu wasn't taking a blind bit of notice!
'Are you listening to me?' Louie then said.
'No I'm not', Lulu responded while moving in close to Louie. 'You loveable bee Louie. You have told me a million times already!'
'Oh have I?' Louie said in not really remembering.
Lulu gave Louie an affectionate smack for forgetting that he had already told her. She then ran off in an enticing manner. This was not too fast so that Louie could catch her. There was a certain need to have Louie hold her and love her - which Louie did.
 'I love you Lulu', Louie said on catching Lulu. 'You're just a big tease!' 
Naughty Lulu then squealed with happiness and ran off again. 'Come here Lulu', Louie pleaded. 'Your ribbon is all crooked now. Please let me fix it'.
Lulu then raced back to her beloved Louie. She held him at arm's length while looking into his eyes. Her love for Louie was strong. It was in a plea that Lulu said. 'Yes Louie; please fix my ribbon'.
Louie's soft touch; this was as he adjusted Lulu's ribbon; made the pretty little bee tingle. It was as bees do when in love that her wings quivered with emotion.
'There', Louie pronounced on having adjusted Lulu's ribbon. 'That's better'. 
Most of the daisies that had been tucked in behind Lulu's ribbon had now gone. Louie had carefully adjusted the remaining flowers. It was just as Louie had thought when he first met Lulu. She was indeed a very, very pretty bee.
The sound of the falls had a mesmerising affect on the couple as they lay side by side on the rock. This was while basking in the remaining warmth of the sun.
'Well my beautiful bride', Louie said at length. 'We need to move on before we lose daylight'.
So it was that Lulu followed Louie to the top of the falls. It was then on through the tunnels to the cave above the sea. Lulu was stunned by the beauty the glow worms lining the tunnel walls. She glanced at Louie as they flew side by side. The love she felt for him crushed her. It was when the two bees had arrived in the cave that the sun was somewhere near being an hour away from setting. This was out over the sea to the west. In being low in the sky it was shining straight into the cave. It gave the interior a reddish yellow hue.
It was on arrival at the cave that Lulu said. 'My wonderful Louie I can't believe it. It's even more wonderful than I imagined!' 
Lulu in being mesmerised by what she could see cast her eyes about. The pool that was fed with water by the waterfall at the back of the cave looked so cool and inviting. The seagull's nest was still there. The view out of the mouth of the cave and over the sea had Lulu speechless for a moment. Just as it had originally been for Louie; she too had never seen the sea before.
'What is that out there?' Lulu had said.
'It's the sea', Louie had replied with a shrug of his wings. 'Quite frankly I don't really know what it is either. Virgil told us that he has flown out over it. He said it seems to go on forever'.
 Lulu held Louie close for a moment. She whispered in his ear. 'We are so small aren't we Louie'. 
 'Yes we are very small Lulu; it scares me sometimes'.
Lulu then released her hold on Louie. It was in sheer excitement that she proceeded to dance and fly about the cave. It was in her excitement that she called out to Louie. 'I don't feel scared. I've got you Louie'.
 Louie laughed. No he wasn't really scared either; he had Lulu. Having Lulu was all that mattered in life.
 'Tomorrow', Louie said somewhat excitedly. This was having grabbed Lulu as she frolicked on past. 'We can lie in as late as we wish. Then we can go for a swim in the pool and have breakfast! We can swim and sunbathe the rest of the day if you like. Or if we feel so inclined we can go back through the tunnels and explore. It's going to be so wonderful Lulu'. 
Lulu then rolled over on her back on the soft sand. She was panting from the effort of doing the frolicking about the place business. Her response to what Louie had said was simply. 'Oh Wow!'
Virgil had made sure Louie and Lulu had plenty in the way of food and supplies. The supplies of course included Beehive Matches that were needed to light a fire. It was with thoughts of lighting a fire uppermost in his mind that Louie said. 'What I want you to do Lulu is to sit and relax in the last of the sun. While you do; I'll make a fire ready for us to sit in front of tonight. I will then prepare a meal for us too'.
It was in response to Louie's suggestion that Lulu kissed him. She then said. 'Thanks Louie; I'd like that. I love this beautiful place you have brought me to'. 
Lulu then went to sit on some soft sand near the entrance to the cave. It was from there that she watched the sun go down. It was while Lulu watched the sun go down that Louie busied himself fetching firewood from the seagull's nest. It would be every so often that Louie would stop what he was doing. He would then look at Lulu where she was sitting at the cave entrance. How he loved that bee. Right then he was the happiest bee in the world
It was when the sun had finally set that Louie lit the fire. Some chocolate cake and red wine relaxed the pair. Later they had a meal of one of Louie's favourites. It was honey fritters. They toasted them by holding them over the fire. This was using suitably sized sticks retrieved from the seagull's nest.
It was sometime later in the evening that the fire died. Two happy little creatures could then be seen asleep. This was where they lay on the sand in front of the remaining embers of the fire. The two bees were clutching each other tightly. It was off to dreamland after what had been a big, big day.
It was outside the cave that in being a clear night the stars were shining brightly. There was a full moon this particular night. Louie and Lulu didn't notice it. Even so it was for sure that the man in the moon had a smile on his face! 

Chapter 20
Pearl's Startling Discovery

Time has now moved on to early summer. It is a Sunday morning as we take up our story. Louie and Lulu had arrived back from their honeymoon the day before; that is on the Saturday. At this point in time the two bees are relaxing on the sundeck outside their home. They happen to be looking at the wedding photos that Virgil had taken. 
In spite of possibly some previous reservations about Virgil's photographic ability, the photos were indeed very good. Louie had just downloaded them onto his gaptop from the smellular network. Lulu had made a cup of TG Tips. Armed with their tea, the pair were sitting side by side on their sundeck ferniture. This was beneath the shade of a fern frond. It was rather pleasant to be sipping tea and looking at wedding photographs. 
It was while the two bees were relaxing that Louie's smellphone rang. It happened to be about 10.00 a.m when Pearl had phoned. She went on to say. 'Hi Louie; just checking that you and Lulu are safely back home again'.
'Thanks Pearl. Yes Lulu and I are safely back. We had the most wonderful relaxing time. We arrived back late yesterday afternoon. We are out on the sundeck taking in a bit of sunshine. How are you Pearl?'
'I'm great Louie although I must say that I have missed you two'.
'Aw shucks; thanks Pearl'. Louie responded. He felt honoured that someone as special as Pearl Baker-Moth would say such a thing.
'I need to catch-up with you both', Pearl continued. 'I have something incredibly interesting to discuss. Could we say meet at the Nest Café for lunch today? I know that it's short notice but it is important'.
'Yes indeed; no problem', Louie confirmed. 'What time shall we meet Pearl?'
'Make it one Louie'.
'Okay; I'll just check with Lulu'.
Louie turned to Lulu. She was by this time actually half asleep with the "deliciousness" of the warmth of the sun. 'OK to have lunch with Pearl 1.00 p.m. at the Nest Café?'
Lulu nodded somewhat sleepily and smiled.
'Yes Pearl', Louie then confirmed. 'Look forward to it; see you then'.
Louie put his phone down and moved back in close to Lulu. Her pink ribbon had come off. It was lying on the sundeck. Louie then carefully put it back in place around her head where it was supposed to be.
'There that's better Lulu'.
'Yes; thank you Louie. Please could you take my ribbon off and put it back on again. I like it when you do it for me'. 
Louie smiled to himself. He then took Lulu's ribbon off and obligingly put it back on again. Louie was in a teasing mood by this time. He started tickling Lulu before she had a chance to doze off again.
'Stop it; stop it! You naughty bee', Lulu protested. It was subsequently that it was all on when she started tickling Louie. Yes there was much happiness at the bee household this particular morning. It was then that Louie made a suggestion. 'Tell you what Lulu. We have an hour or so before we meet with Pearl. Let's go and say hello to the Ten Ants. We owe it to them. We can take some chocolate cake and nectar to give to them'.
'Great idea my clever bee', Lulu agreed. Louie quite liked this clever bee bit. 'I'll go and make myself look nice while you fetch the chocolate cake and nectar'.
'Right; you're on', Louie agreed. He then went and found one of their special bracken baskets. He loaded it with chocolate cake and a honeycomb six-pack of Louie's special fermented honey nectar. Louie's honey nectar was something that the ants enjoyed immensely. 
It was when Lulu was ready that the two bees headed off up the stream. This was while flying low in the direction of the Factory. The Factory of course was in Mr McFarland's shed. The Ten Ants in turn lived in the floor below.
It was before reaching Mr McFarland's place that alongside the stream to the west there that was a small field of vacant land. Growing in the field were hundreds upon hundreds of Bluebells. It was as Louie and Lulu were nearing the Factory that Lulu shouted. 'Race ya through the Bluebells Louie!!' 
Lulu had turned sharp right with Louie then in hot pursuit. 'I'll catch you!' Louie yelled in response'.
'No you won't!' Lulu called back while laughing her pretty little head off
So it was that the pair zig zagged their way at full speed through the Bluebells. This was just above ground level. Lulu was still ahead. It was out the other side of the field that she went. She then turned to fly back through the field the way she had come. Louie then caught up with Lulu. He inched past her just as they had emerged from the bluebells again.
'Told you I would', Louie yelled.
'No we were dead equal!' Lulu retorted. 
'Fibber; you rascal!' Louie called out. Louie then grabbed Lulu's hand. It was then on along to the Factory portal that they flew. The love between the two bees was undying and all powerful.
It was once inside the shed that Louie and Lulu went down to where the Ten Ants lived. It was there that they shouted. 'Anybody home?'
Expect came out and then called to the others. 'Yea! It's Mr Louie and Lulu. They are back!'
Louie and Lulu went down into the Ten Ants' home. It was nice and cool to be there following the race through the Bluebells. The Ten Ants' home was below the floorboards of Mr McFarland's shed. In effect it was below the ground. They had built themselves a combination of tunnels and rooms to live in.
The Ten Ants were really glad to see Louie and Lulu. Louie gave them the chocolate cake and nectar. They then all sat around and talked. In the main; Louie and Lulu talked about the cave. They talked about how wonderful it was and what they had done on their honeymoon.
It was as a part of the conversation that the Ten Ants told Louie and Lulu of the wonderful time they had experienced at the wedding after their departure
'We were treated like royalty', Import went on to say. 'None of us have ever felt so special Mr Louie'.
'Deservedly so too', Louie confirmed. 'Lulu and I just can't put into words how we appreciate what all of you did for us. We will never forget it. You are all so special'.
 It has to be said that with what Louie had said; the Ten Ants became a little bashful. They chorused in response. 'Gee thanks Mr Louie and Lulu'. 
Louie then went on to explain that he and Lulu couldn't stay long. This was because they had to meet up with Pearl at one o'clock. It was accordingly that Louie said. 'Forgive us if we make a move; we'll see you all tomorrow at the Factory. Take care and thanks again for all you have done'. Louie and Lulu then departed to head off to the Nest Café.
What has just been relayed in relation to Louie and Lulu visiting the Ten Ants would possibly appear to the reader to be superficial. It would possibly seem to have little relevance to the story. It does have some significance because it was from this point in time that the Ten Ants, Louie and Lulu; this is as well as Pearl; all became close as a team. No longer were the Ten Ants simply workers at the Factory. They were all to play their part in not only saving the insect community but making the world a better place. Stay tuned. 
So it was on having left the Ten Ants that Louie and Lulu put on full power to head on down the stream to the Nest Café. They were running a little late. In fact Pearl was already there when they arrived. Wonderful Pearl; she knew that Louie liked a particular table. That is one alongside the window. In being vacant she had seized the opportunity to take it.
'Hi Pearl', Louie had called out on arrival. He was slightly out of breath. 'Sorry we're late but we took the time to drop in and see the Ten Ants on the way'.
'Don't even think of it', Pearl responded. 'It's been very pleasant sitting here watching what goes on out there on the stream. It's just marvellous to see that new hotel there too'.
Yes the new Hotel Babbleon looked most impressive. The supermarket was busy as was Duck Paddle Cruises immediately below them. How things had changed in the past year. Lunch was ordered following the sipping of a few leisurely honey nectars. It was over drinks that Pearl wanted to know all about the honeymoon. 
Lulu excitedly told Pearl about how they swam in the pool and sunbathed for a fair amount of the time. She continued by saying. 'Louie showed me how the shaft of sunlight comes into the chamber. That was very special. We did quite a bit of exploring of the tunnels. We also flew out the opening in the roof of the special chamber a number of times. I have to say though that sitting in front of the fire after having the evening meal was magic itself. On numerous occasions we watched out the cave mouth and out over the sea. In the main this was to see the sun go down and the stars come out. I will never forget it'.
'Yes I know what you mean Lulu', Pearl responded. 'Your wonderful Louie made it very special for me when I was there a couple of years ago; didn't you Louie'.
'It was the least I could do Pearl. After all it was you that saved us all from Al Spider'. 
Louie; who had been a little remiss in not mentioning it to Lulu before; went on to explain how Pearl had saved them all. This was from the dreaded Al Spider. Lulu listened in awe as to what the amazing moth that Pearl was; this was as well as being their leader and Queen; had accomplished.
It was as a part of casual conversation that Pearl went on to say. 'Thanks to you two getting married. Look at the hotel we now have. Look at the renovations that have been done here at the Nest Café with the new Builtmore Bar'.
'Enough about us', Louie said with a smile. 'You had something special to tell us Pearl. We are both dying to know!'
'Yes; please do Pearl', Lulu concurred.
'Well you two; it's just as it is with other things we have found when we have been through the quartz on the other side. This one is equally mysterious. However this discovery has the potential to be of even greater advantage to our community - not to mention the villagers as well. It was while you two were away on your honeymoon that I was on the other side of the quartz. Just out of curiosity I was checking what was going on in the village. As you both know; I like to do this on a regular basis. It's in case there is some issue that might affect our community that I can act upon if necessary. With what I am about to refer to; I happened to be in the square outside the cake shop. There weren't many people around at the time. On that basis I had moved over to where there are plants growing in a bed put in place by the council. You may remember it; it's right beside the community notice board'.
'Yes I do remember it', Louie confirmed. 'There's some flax, a few conifers, as well as marigolds growing en masse. I remember it because as a bee, the nectar in those marigolds is particularly delicious'.
'You've got it Louie', Pearl confirmed. 'It's on reflection that I probably shouldn't have done what I did. Even so, I did because I am still fascinated with the powers we have been given. I happened to be bending down; this was in my invisible form; making a couple of the marigolds grow older and younger by clenching my fists. In fact I had become completely absorbed in what I was doing and not paying attention to where I was. I had clenched both fists so that the blue auras were visible. Of course one marigold was growing up from the aura of the right fist while the other was shrinking from the effects of my left fist. I then crossed my arms over and reversed the process. I became mesmerised watching the plants age then become younger again. The question kept going through my mind as to why this happens. I kept saying to myself. "What's the process at work here?"
'Anyway; it was unbeknown to me that a person some distance away behind had noticed something odd about the plants. On that basis they had made their way over to investigate. My first awareness of anyone close to me was from their shadow. It was right there beside me. I have to confess that I panicked and swung around. There was a person standing literally inches away from me. I had both fists clenched. In fright I had actually tightened my fists even more. Normally swinging around as I did I would have hit the person. I would possibly have even injured them!'
Pearl was becoming quite emotional by this time. It had obviously been a scary experience.  As a result she asked of Louie. 'Pour me another nectar Louie; I'm still a little shocked by what happened next. Talking about it brings it all back'.
Louie duly poured Pearl another nectar. She had also had a spot of chocolate cake to settle her nerves.
'Gosh what happened?' Lulu chipped in.
'Well', Pearl continued. 'I still can't believe it. Even so; it was instead of this person feeling the effect of my swinging fists; it was as soon as I had made contact with them; I merged and became that person! That's the only way I can describe it'.
****
To help the reader grasp what Pearl was saying; hold a finger up in front of your face. Do so a short distance from your nose. Then look at something behind your finger. You will see two fingers. 
Imagine one finger is Pearl and the other finger is the person. Now slowly shift your focus from behind your finger to your finger. You will see the two fingers merge! This is exactly what it was like with Pearl and the person by the marigolds in the village.
****
'I know it sounds inconceivable', Pearl continued. 'But I actually became that person. I had my own thoughts but I also had the thoughts of the person. Once I was in the merged state; I found myself wondering; this was as the person obviously had; why the two marigolds had been growing and diminishing in such a strange way. That's not all though. It gets even more incredible'. 
Pearl now had the undivided attention of Louie and Lulu. She paused for a moment before continuing. 'I know that it sounds inconceivable but once I had merged, I could move about as that person. I could speak and my voice came out as that person. The thing was though that it was me talking! The person I had merged with was a youngish male. On that basis I had quite a deep voice! 
'This person I had merged with; or for want of a better word my host; I made walk a short distance away from the marigolds. It was utterly surreal. Suddenly I thought to myself how on earth can I demerge? There was the sudden worry of being trapped in a merged state. Was I destined to be this human forever? I was getting into a bit of a panic as you might imagine. In some ways it was just like the time when I first went through the quartz. Anyway; fortunately I found that while in the merged state; all I had to do was clench my two fists tightly. Having done so, I found that I could simply 'walk out' of the person; which I did. The poor chap was quite confused. It was because where I had moved him he was now some distance away from the marigolds. He had no idea as to how he had got there!'
Louie and Lulu sat transfixed by what Pearl was saying. Their minds were racing with the possibilities that this new found ability might offer.
Pearl on having further gathered her thoughts continued by saying. 'Just as I have mentioned; I had to clench both fists and hold them close together out in front of me. That is to merge and demerge. As we already know; using a single fist simply increases or decreases the age of a living thing. It was a real puzzle to me. It was in my invisible state that I sat down on the grass for a few moments to take it all in. It was from where I was sitting that I watched the person I had merged with. He made his way back to the marigolds to take another look. He knew that something strange had been going on. It was a good lesson to me to be careful about making our presence known. That is when we are on the other side of the quartz.
'It was on having sat for a while and regained my confidence that my curiosity got the better of me. I went back to the man and merged with him again. It was no problem to do so. This was with both fists clenched and holding them close to him. It was then in being  that man I walked over to somewhere close to the cake shop. Having done so, I then walked back to the marigolds. This was to demerge at the exact spot that I had originally merged with the man. The amazing thing was that this time he showed no signs of confusion. He simply stood there looking at the marigolds as though he had been there all the time. He was totally unaware of the fact that I had merged with him.
'So it was on having gained full confidence with this newfound ability I went and tried merging with another person. This time it was a young girl who was sitting outside the cake shop. She was eating a cake and reading a book. It was just the same as it had been with the man. On having merged I became that person. In fact in now being the young girl I quite enjoyed the cake! I even had full knowledge of what the young girl had been reading and her thoughts. It was ultimately when I did demerge that this time the young girl looked slightly confused. This was because she couldn't remember having eaten the cake! I was a bit unfair there because I had all the pleasure of finishing the cake and she didn't!
'I noticed that when merged with a person that there was no ability to fly or do things as we do as insects. The only capabilities I had were those of the person I had merged with. Another interesting aspect to all this was that when merged with a person; I could tell from their stored thoughts what sort of person they were. I didn't stay merged very long with either person but I had access to their memories. It was an amazing insight into the human psyche. I could feel their world. I could sense their intentions and attitudes to others. People are so different to us. I must say I didn't really like it. I guess we will know more as we experience merging with other people in the future'.
'This is simply amazing Pearl', Louie said in being somewhat stunned. 'Can you explain to us how it all happens?'
'Yes partly'. Pearl said as she shrugged her wing roots. 'I have to admit though that I can't fully explain it'.
Pearl paused to think about her theory for a moment. Having sorted it out in her mind she continued by saying. 'Just recapping on something that I have said before; it's when we go through the quartz my theory is that we end up in a state somewhere between being an insect and a human. In this halfway state our molecular structure seems to be that of an abstract form of quartz. To me this is the reason why we have a translucent blue appearance. There are forces that are at work. This is just as it is with the quartz in the tunnel. It's also just as it is with making our fists glow blue. That is when we clench them and apply pressure. Our clenched fists give off some form of radiation similar to the quartz in the tunnel. It's that radiation that acts as a catalyst for transformation to another form. My theory is that when both fists are clenched; and held near a living thing such as a person; time can neither go forward nor back. In effect the two fists cancel each other out. On that basis the time is stuck on "the now". Because of that; transformation takes place to the human form'.
 Pearl could see by the look on the faces of Louie and Lulu that they were completely lost - as no doubt the reader is. Pearl on noticing the look of puzzlement said. 'To try and make it simpler consider this. When we have gone through the quartz we are neither insect nor human. We are in a form waiting to be transformed to one or the other. We have two choices. For one we can go back through the quartz and become insects again - or there is what I have just discovered. That is that we can use the radiation from our two clenched fists and go in the other direction. That is to take on the human form'.
'It is a bit hard to understand', Louie confessed. 'Even so; I am really excited by your find Pearl'.
'Thanks Louie. Yes I am really excited about it too. There are some exceedingly important things that can be done with this new found power. I will talk to both of you about it some time in the future when we have tested things a little more'.
Pearl paused to have another sip of her nectar. It was then in an endeavour to make it easier for Louie and Lulu to understand that she went on to say. 'You will find that it's as it is with many things in life. We don't fully understand them but using them and becoming familiar with them makes questioning whatever it is no longer relevant. Just accept it for what it is and eventually it will become second nature to you'.
'Where do we go from here Pearl?' Lulu enquired.
'What I suggest we do Lulu is this. You two take it easy for the rest of the day. In the morning; attend to what is necessary at the Factory. When you have; let's meet at the tunnel say at 11.00 a.m. We can then go through the quartz and try this new found ability. It would be good to have you two with me this time. Quite frankly I'm still wondering if I actually imagined it!'
Louie and Lulu had of course both been through the quartz many times. What Pearl had explained to them was something that had to be tried and explored. It was because of Louie and Lulu's familiarity with the quartz that Pearl's revelation presented no real fear to them. Potentially it added another exciting dimension to what they could already do.
'Gosh Pearl', Louie said on reflection. 'If only we had known about this when the council had tried to put the water pipe along the stream. We could have had a lot more fun with Bull Neck!'
'Yes', Lulu agreed. 'I could have merged with Bull Neck right at the start. I could have turned the hose on his work mates!!'
Pearl laughed before saying. 'You've got the right idea Lulu'.
'What I would have done', Louie said in not wanting to be outdone. 'I would have merged with Bull Neck. I would have then told his mates Fred and Blue that they were fired! He would have been left with no one to help him!'
Yes; it was interesting for the three to reflect on what might be none with the newly discovered ability. In fact it was hard to keep a straight face. Uncontrolled giggling was but a hair's breadth away.
'Stop it you two', Pearl pleaded while desperately trying to suppress another giggle. 'We have to be serious. It doesn't look good for me to be behaving like this'.
Pearl pulled herself together and spoke seriously for a moment. 'This appears to be a very strong power that we now have. Just as I have said before there must be a pact between the three of us. That is that now and in the future; any of the powers we have been gifted with are only used to do good. That is for the insect community, the villagers, or the planet itself'.
The three agreed. Pearl knew she could depend on Louie and Lulu. It had to be the way it was. This was because doing good always brings about good. Doing evil on the other hand brings about evil. It was a case of what goes around comes around.
'Well you two', Pearl said finally. 'I believe that I have burdened you both with enough information for one day! Let's all go and try it out tomorrow'.
'Goodness me; you haven't burdened us at all!' Lulu stated somewhat emphatically. 'I just can't wait for tomorrow to come'.
Pearl thanked Louie and Lulu for having the time to meet with her. Louie and Lulu then headed home as did Pearl. It was as Louie and Lulu were flying back up the stream that Lulu took hold of Louie's hand. She said something to him that she had said on a previous occasion. 'Louie I just can't believe how exciting my life has become since meeting you my wonderful bee. It seems as though it is about to get even more exciting!'
'No Lulu', Louie said with a laugh. 'It's the other way around. My life was utterly dull and boring until I met you. Have to agree though; it's with what Pearl has discovered; life is certainly going to become even more interesting from here on in!'
The two bees laughed with sheer happiness. They flew on home in the warmth of the mid afternoon sun. Life was good.  Having arrived home again; Louie and Lulu sat out on the sundeck once more. It was interesting to talk further about the possibilities of what Pearl had discovered. Just as will be learnt as our story unfolds; it was indeed something utterly amazing. 

Chapter 21
Pearl's New Discovery Is Tested

It has now moved on to Monday. This is the day after the Sunday when Louie and Lulu had met up with Pearl at the Nest Café. The two bees were up and about early. There was a lot to be achieved this particular day. For one it was the first day back at the Factory. This was after being away for a week on their honeymoon. Then the two bees had committed themselves to meeting with Pearl at 11.00 a.m. This was at the tunnel in readiness to put to the test what it was that she had discovered. 
We don't really have to keep mentioning it but as good clean bees both Louie and Lulu had washed their teeth and brushed their bodies. Today it was Lulu's turn to make the breakfast. It was Louie's turn to do the dishes afterwards. Although it was early summer it happened to have dawned to be a coolish cloudy sort of day. On that basis; both bees sat inside by the stove to have their breakfast. Today their breakfast had been cereal; well cereal of sorts. It had comprised a bowl each of crunchy flakes of dried grass. It had been on top of the flakes that had been placed honey for sweetening. This was together with lashings of dandelion milk - yum. As a matter of interest; the flakes of dried grass came in a packet that could be purchased at the supermarket. It was on the packet that could clearly be seen the words "Lawn Flakes". Then there was the usual spiel about being high fibre as well as being loaded with bee vitamins. This was not to mention the ability that Lawn Flakes had to make a bee regular. This pleased Louie because he wanted to be a regular guy; or was it a manbee. Anyway; let's get on with our story.  
It was 8.30 a.m when the two newly married bees headed off for their first day back at work. It has to be said that the pair were totally inseparable. It was so good that they could work and be together. The Factory was in full swing when Louie and Lulu had arrived. The Ten Ants had done a marvellous job of keeping the place running while Louie and Lulu had been away. It was on arriving that it was straight away that Lulu got on to Arnold at the Reserve Bank. This was to organise the weekly pay for the Ten Ants - this was as well as pay for a number of worker bees. Having organised the pay; Lulu then worked on the weekly production report. Her intention was to have this finished for Louie before they went to meet with Pearl.
It was while Lulu was busying herself that Louie called Import into his office to discuss workload. Yes it was going to be a busy week. Apparently White Ant Excavators were to have fifteen Bulldog Ants arriving for servicing after coming off a major tunnelling project. That aside; Louie wanted to do something for the Ten Ants in the way of rewarding them. This was to repay them for what they had done for he and Lulu. It was to make life easier for the Ten Ants that Louie made a suggestion to Import. This was that if he felt it to be appropriate he could employ more worker bees.
'Gee; thanks Mr Louie', Import had responded. 'That would certainly help with the workload we are now facing'.
'Another thing Import', Louie continued. 'I'd like you to feel free to use my office if you need to do any interviewing in private. In fact with the Factory expanding and becoming busier; I'd suggest that you organise it such that you have your own office built. I'd also suggest that you contact White Ant Excavators to bring in some carpenter ants. They'll soon sort out an office for you'.
'Gee that's wonderful Mr Louie', Import had responded with a smile a mile wide. 'Can I really have my own office?  I'll do my very best to make you proud of me'.
'I know you will Import. Quite frankly I couldn't do without you and the other nine ants. As far as Lulu and I are concerned you have all become like family to us. Another thing in relation to having your own office built; arrange it such that over the door you place a sign indicating "Factory Manager". As far as I'm concerned; "Factory Manager" is to be your title from now on. In order to reflect your new role you will also receive a twenty percent pay increase. Also to show our appreciation; the other nine ants will receive a ten percent pay increase. You all make such a great team Import'.
Yes; it has to be said that the Ten Ants were a real asset to the Factory. They needed to be rewarded for the initiative and hard work that they had demonstrated over a period of time. It was when Louie had finished talking to Import; and Import had gone off in great excitement to tell the others the good news; that Louie said to himself. "Hmmm; what a difference Lulu has made to me. I probably wasn't a very good boss before she came along". 
So it was that Louie got on with tasks at hand. It wasn't very long before it was time to go and meet Pearl. It was accordingly that Louie informed Import that he and Lulu would be with Pearl for the remainder of the day. Quite frankly this pleased Import. It meant that he could act out his new role as the Factory Manager. He wanted to demonstrate to Louie that he was worthy of the title.
****
It was when Louie and Lulu had made it down to the tunnel they found that Pearl had made it ahead of them. She could be seen enjoying herself while fluttering about the place taking in the scenery. Truth be known however; Pearl was excited. Because of this she couldn't sit still for one moment!
Having moved on inside the tunnel, the three made their way in the direction of the quartz. It was as per usual that Louie lit the beeswax candles along the wall. Pearl was exceedingly happy to have Louie and Lulu with her. To her it was much better doing such exciting things with others. That is others who can share the experience.
'Now that we are here', Louie said on having arrived at the quartz face. 'Any instructions Pearl?' 
'Thanks Louie. When we make it to the other side; follow me over to the square by the cake shop. We'll start from there just as I did yesterday'.
'You go through first Pearl', Louie suggested, 'Lulu and I will follow'.
'Right', Pearl confirmed. 'See you both on the other side'.
Once the three were in the square, Pearl moved to an area where there was nobody in close proximity. Louie and Lulu followed. It was a strange feeling being back together in the square again. The last time that they had done so had been before the wedding. Where had the time gone?
'We can sit here and observe for a moment', Pearl said when the three had gathered together. 'What I intend to do first is to give you both a demonstration. Then, when you feel ready; you two can have a go. My main aim at this stage is to give you both the necessary confidence'.
So it was that the three sat close together on the grass. Pearl was watching and waiting.
'First of all', Pearl went on to say. 'I'll pick a lone person and merge with them. When I have I will come as that person to where we are sitting now. Remember that I will be able to talk to you but I won't be able to see you. You will have to make a sound for me to know exactly where you are'. 
The three waited for a few more minutes while sitting on the grass. It was then Pearl spotted a young girl coming towards them from some distance away.
'Right, here goes', Pearl announced. This was on standing up and heading in the direction of the girl.
Louie and Lulu watched as the blue nymph like form of Pearl flew off in the direction of the girl. It was when Pearl had landed a short distance away from the girl that Louie and Lulu then saw Pearl hold  her arms out straight in front of her. Her clenched fists were together and glowing blue. It was when Pearl had moved forward such that her extended fists had come into "contact" with the girl that suddenly Pearl disappeared. It was then that the girl; who appeared to be totally unaffected by Pearl's merging; commenced walking towards where Louie and Lulu were sitting.
'Wow', Lulu whispered to Louie. 'Look at that! Pearl must now be merged with the girl'.
It was when the girl was closer to where Louie and Lulu were sitting that she; that is Pearl using her as a host; called out. 'Louie Lulu can you hear me?'
'Yes over here Pearl', Louie responded. 'Move to your left slightly then straight ahead'. 
Pearl who was now merged with the girl did as Louie had directed. It was on having moved in close to where Louie and Lulu were sitting that Louie called out. 'Almost there now Pearl. Stop!'
The girl had stopped a short distance away right in front of Louie and Lulu.
'Pearl is that really you?' Lulu called out.
'Yes it is', Pearl confirmed. 'As you can tell, it's not my voice. I'm speaking as this girl normally would. The thing is that I can't see either of you. Lulu can you come and take my hand. Lead me to where you are so I can sit down with you both'.
Lulu moved forward to take Pearl; that is the girl; by the hand. Having done so; Lulu led the girl back to where Louie was sitting. It was subsequently that the three of them were then sitting on the grass together 
'This really is unbelievable', Louie commented. 'What's it like in there Pearl?'
'Just a moment Louie', Pearl whispered. 'I'll just have to make sure that no others are close enough to see me. If I start talking it would look as though I'm talking to myself. It might draw some unnecessary attention'
It was when Pearl was happy that no others could see her that she answered Louie's question. It was to both Louie and Lulu that she said. 'I tell you now; it is just simply amazing. Judging by the girl's thoughts she is heading to the High Street to do some shopping. I can also tell that she is a happy person and essentially honest. I can sense that she feels well. She is slightly concerned that she might not have enough money to buy what she really wants - which from what I can gather is a new dress. In addition I can feel a slight sensation of her being hungry. On that basis she will probably stop off and have something to eat. In fact from what I can determine she is as bad as we are. She seems to be rather partial to chocolate cake! Louie what I would like you to do is to reach out and touch my face'. 
Louie did as Pearl had asked. It was in response that Pearl said. 'Yes I can feel that Louie. Your touch is cold just as I expected. What do you feel when you touch me?' 
'I can feel you as an object', Louie replied. 'I say an object because there is no feeling as such. It is as if my fingers are numb. If I touch your skin I can feel it "give". There is no sensation of hot or cold. There's no sensation of texture such as softness, roughness or smoothness. There's nothing we normally feel when we're back on the other side of the quartz'.
'It's an interesting point isn't it', Pearl commented. 'We obviously have no sense of touch in the state we are in. That is when we have come through the quartz. This is quite strange in some ways. What I mean is that we possess other senses such as balance, sight, smell, hearing, even humour! We can also feel our breathing. We use various senses to walk, talk, and fly as we normally do. Our emotions and feelings are all there. I guess we will never know exactly why it is that we have no sense of touch'. 
Louie had a thought. He said to Pearl. 'Pearl what would happen if I tried to merge with you? That is while you are merged with the girl' 
'Good thinking Louie. We need to know these things. In essence that's what we are here to do today. Try it and see Louie'.
 Louie held his arms out with his fists together. He then clenched his fists so that there was a blue aura surrounding them. He then made contact with the girl with whom Pearl had merged. Nothing happened.
'That's interesting', Pearl said. 'Obviously because the girl's molecular state has been altered by me; another merge can't be accepted'.
It was because of the fact that a number of minutes had passed that Pearl expressed a degree of concern. She had become concerned about having prevented the girl from going about doing what she intended. 
'What I will do now is this', Pearl announced. 'I will move back to where I merged. Having done so, I will then demerge. If I leave the girl at the original spot, the only difference she will experience will be that time has advanced. In all reality she probably won't even be aware of it. Once I have demerged and left her she should simply carry on walking to the High Street. It will be just as she was doing before I took her as my host. Watch me; I'm absolutely sure that I will be correct in my thinking'.
Louie and Lulu watched as the girl who was being controlled by Pearl, walked away from them. Amazingly enough it was at the appropriate point that Pearl "stepped out" of the girl. It was then that the girl in not being able to see Pearl in her invisible state simply went on her way. She did so as if nothing had happened. Pearl on having demerged could now see where Louie and Lulu were sitting. She flew quickly over to rejoin them.
'Isn't that just amazing!' Pearl said on having landed and sat down with Louie and Lulu. 'I wasn't dreaming after all. It's so good to have you two here to witness what I discovered earlier. You can now see how it is important to demerge from a person where they were first originally merged with. That girl would have been confused if I had demerged where we are here. She would have wondered how she got to be somewhere where she had no intention of going'.
'Please can I have a go now', Lulu said in being keen to try. 'Look over by the marigolds. There's an older man. Shall I go and try it with him'.
'By all means Lulu', Pearl responded. 'There's absolutely nothing to be concerned about'. 
Lulu flew to a point that was a short distance away from where the man was located. She then made her way silently forward. This was with her clenched fists together while being held straight out in front of her. Lulu then did exactly as she had seen Pearl do. She touched her glowing blue fists against the man. Sure enough, Lulu then disappeared into him. Seemingly the man felt nothing. It has to be said that on seeing Lulu disappear that Louie became a little concerned.
It was then that Lulu now as the man started walking over to where Pearl and Louie were sitting. Louie having checked that there was no one else about called out somewhat anxiously. 'Lulu, Lulu, over here!'
 Lulu had heard Louie and moved in the direction of the sound. 
'Wait there Lulu', Louie called out. Louie then stood up and moved to where the man; that is Lulu; had stopped. He then took the man by the hand to lead him over to where Pearl was sitting. It has to be said that it was weird to say the least!
'Can you hear me Lulu?' Louie asked somewhat urgently. This was in still being a little anxious about his precious Lulu.
It was when Lulu had responded that Louie burst out laughing. Lulu had said in what was an elderly man's voice, 'Yes I can hear you my loveable bee!'
'Louie and Pearl this is just amazing', Lulu continued. 'I can tell by this man's thoughts that he was waiting until nobody was looking. He was then going to steal some of the marigold plants. He was going to put them in this bag he is carrying!'
'Ah ha', Pearl said, 'This is where this new ability of ours can be so useful. We can determine the intentions of people. Unfortunately Lulu you can't change the man's thoughts. However what I suggest we do is to take the bag off him. That way he will have nothing to put the marigolds in!'
'Right', Lulu confirmed. 'This is interesting isn't it. What I will do is go and put this bag in that rubbish bin over there. Then I will demerge from this marigold thief alongside the marigolds'.
Yes; it was indeed surreal. Louie still couldn't believe that his precious Lulu was speaking with such a strange voice; and behaving in such a strange manner.
Lulu duly made her way over to the rubbish bin she had spotted. She then buried the bag in it. Having done so, she then walked over to the marigolds to the exact spot she had picked up her host. Having demerged; Lulu then quickly flew back to where Pearl and Louie were observing. The three in their invisible forms then watched to see what the man would do next.
Yes; sure enough it was just as they thought it would be. The man with much disbelief was looking around for the bag he had brought. That is the bag to put the stolen marigold plants in. It was after scratching his head; and not believing what had happened; that he felt compelled to leave. He moved off.
'Well done Lulu!' Pearl exclaimed. 'That's our first job to help the village community'.
Lulu laughed. It was then that she said. 'Gosh; that was so interesting. That man has quite bad arthritis in his legs. I could feel the pain as I walked around. We really do become the person that we have merged with'.
'That's exactly it Lulu', Pearl agreed.
Lulu then turned to Louie and said. 'Your turn Louie. Believe me it's just an amazing experience. There's absolutely nothing to it. I can't believe how easy it is!'
Louie thought he might do something a little different. On that basis he chose a young boy who was barely six years old. His Mother had gone into the cake shop and left him to play on the grass by himself.
'Let's all move closer', Pearl said. 'We need to be vigilant in case his mother comes back'.
The three moved closer to the boy. He happened at the time to be running around chasing a butterfly. Louie quickly walked up to the boy and merged. The boy then stopped chasing the butterfly and headed for Lulu and Pearl. 
'Over here Louie', Lulu called out.
Lulu moved forward and took the little boy by the hand. She then asked. 'Is that really you in there Louie?' 
'Yes it really is me', Louie responded in the voice of a small boy. 'It's truly amazing having a host that is so young! The thought patterns are so immature. The extent of knowledge is so small. It's a bit like me as a bee I guess!' 
Louie laughed. Lulu and Pearl couldn't help but laugh at what Louie had said either. In particular this was on hearing this small boy's voice talking in what was such a mature manner.
'He really is a nice little fellow', Louie continued. 'He hasn't got a single nasty thought on his mind. He knows that his mother has gone to fetch some cakes to eat. They're going to do so here in the square. Quite frankly he can't wait for his mother to return!'
'Quick', Lulu said with some urgency. 'Here comes his Mother'.
Louie moved quickly to the point where he had merged with the boy. He then demerged within an instant. It was so easy to do so. It was subsequently that the boy then ran around looking for the butterfly he had been chasing. Unfortunately because of what Louie had been doing, the butterfly had gone. Louie was back with Lulu and Pearl in a flash.
Pearl had been keeping an eye on the situation. She had come to realise that there were by this time increasing numbers of people close by. She then cautioned Louie and Lulu to move away. It was important not to become complacent and forget where they were. People could hear them if they weren't careful. Voices coming out of thin air were bound to attract attention.
It was on having moved an appropriate distance away that the three sat down on the grass once more. It was then that Louie said. 'As I was saying; how incredible it was to have the thoughts of somebody so young. His thoughts were in simple words and images. He loves his parents. I would say that he must be a much loved child'.
'Yes it is incredible isn't it', Pearl agreed. 'We have been gifted with something very special'.
Pearl thought for a moment. This was before saying, 'What I would like to try now; that is if we can; is to find three people who are together. I suggest that the three of us then individually merge with them. When we have, let's see if we can talk to each other in a group of three. Let's see if we can move about as the three people we have selected. What do you reckon team?'
'Great idea Pearl', Lulu agreed.
'Tell you what', Louie interjected. 'Just as a thought; let's fly up the High Street and see what we can find. We're bound to find three people together somewhere'.
'Great idea Louie', Pearl agreed. 'Let's go!' 
So it was that on having taken off from the grass square that the three headed for the High Street. It was while flying reasonably high; this was out of earshot of people below; that they flew the length of the High Street a number of times. From the height that they were flying it was easy to see the people below them. Even so it was initially difficult to locate a group of three together. Most were walking in either large groups, pairs or alone. 
It was Lulu who ultimately spotted something. 'Look down there', she had called out to the others. This was while pointing to what was the High Street Bank. This was not the same Bank as the one with the quartz facade. It was there that outside the front there were three men standing together talking. They didn't look to be particularly couth looking types. This didn't matter in the slightest in the scheme of things. In fact it would be interesting to merge with uncouth types to learn more of the human psyche. 
'Maybe they are going to rob the bank!' Louie said jokingly. He didn't realise that what he had said in jest might actually be true.  
'Looks interesting', Pearl had said. 'Let's extend our fists to glide in and merge. You take the one on the left Lulu. I'll take the middle one. Louie you take the one on the right'.
It was from a distance that the three men in question appeared to be unkempt and scruffy. In fact it was as our three reduced height and moved in closer that the three appeared to be more like gang members. This was judging by what were shaven heads, body piercings not to mention a number of ugly tattoos - neck and face in particular. It was when Louie Lulu and Pearl had merged with the three men that they quickly conferred with each other. In particular this was in relation to what they were feeling and experiencing. There was the question uppermost in their minds as to whether it had even been safe to have merged with such ugly looking types. 
It was Pearl who spoke first when she said. 'These three really are a nasty piece of work. From what I can determine from my host they have been here sizing up the bank to rob it at some stage'.
'I am getting exactly the same vibes', Louie confirmed 
'Me too', Lulu said.
Louie then made a suggestion. 'Now that we are merged and in control of these three; let's head to that coffee shop over the road from here. Let's have a coffee and something to eat. While we do we can use the time to compare notes and discuss our next move. I've got plenty of cash in my pocket to pay for it; heaps of it in fact'.
Yes; it was interesting how the "insects" that were now merged as humans didn't have to learn about money; or buying things for that matter. It was of course simply the normal learned behaviour of the person that was their host. It was on entering the coffee shop that interestingly enough the inevitable occurred. The few customers that were present fled immediately! 
'We must look really frightening', Lulu announced in a gruff voice. In fact it was a raspy voice presumably brought about by years of cocaine snorting. Lulu knew this to be the case because she had full access to the thoughts and memories of her host. Yes; he had been into all manner of drugs. They were drug habits that needed money to be satisfied.
The three "thugs" ordered coffee and cakes. Louie then paid the shop owner. The shop owner was by this time cowering with fright behind the counter. In essence; Louie Lulu and Pearl really did have the appearance of thugs.
'It's alright we won't hurt you', Pearl said in trying to allay the shop owner's fears. The three then sat down at a table by the window. This was so they could keep a watch on what was going on outside the shop in the High Street.
'I don't know about you two', Lulu went on to say. 'But I seem to have a painful knife wound in my right leg. The thoughts of the person I am merged with are definitely about robbing the bank - and in the not too distant future I might add'.
'I tell you what', Pearl said. 'I haven't got any knife wounds. Even so my mouth feels and tastes like the bottom of a bird cage. My host obviously smokes heavily and never brushes his teeth - and he's got frightful BO. With the constant need I feel to scratch myself he wouldn't have had a bath or shower in years. It's disgusting!
Louie had picked up something important from his host that he needed to relay to the others. It was accordingly that he said somewhat excitedly. 'My host robbed the jewellers shop in the High Street last week. He and his mates have also done heaps of house burglaries over a number of years!'
'You are so right Louie', Pearl confirmed. 'I even have the address of where all the stolen goods are. It's at twenty-three Eagle Street on the outskirts of the village. It must be where these guys hangout'.
'What do you reckon we should do Pearl?' Lulu asked.
Pearl didn't answer Lulu immediately. This was because for one the coffee and cake that they had ordered had arrived. Pearl then took the opportunity to deliberate further for a moment or two. This was in relation to what the three of them might do with the information that had been gleaned.
'I know what we should do!' Pearl exclaimed. 'I have a great idea. When we have finished our coffee and cake; let's take a walk down to the police station. I suggest that while we are there we hand ourselves in! With this knowledge we have we can advise the police where all the stolen goods are. That way everything can be returned to the rightful owners!'
'Brilliant Pearl', Louie agreed.
Lulu unquestionably agreed as well. She wanted to give Pearl a big hug for being so clever. Fortunately she stopped herself in time. A "thug hug" was out of the question. It just wouldn't look right!
The intrepid trio relaxed while taking the time to enjoy their coffee and cake. This was while thinking; and laughing for that matter; about what it was that they might do. 
'When we get to the police station', Pearl stated with a degree of seriousness. 'We'll need to let the situation advance until we feel it is the appropriate time to demerge from our hosts. We'll need to stick together and act tough! If I feel anything appears to be putting us at risk I will give the command to demerge. You both know what to do. When you have; move away quickly'.
'By the way', Pearl continued. 'My name appears to be Jo. Any inkling as to what your names might be?'
'"Meat Head" comes to mind for me', Lulu responded, 'I must be the dumb one'.
'"Crafty" for me', Louie then said, 'I can feel it in my fingers. I'm seemingly an expert at opening safes!'
'That's good', Pearl said, 'I assume that we will need to use our names at the police station. They will know us for sure'.
Louie then made a suggestion. 'When we leave here I'll leave all the money I have in my pocket as a tip. It will make it up to the shop owner for our scaring off of the customers!'
So it was that ultimately the three slouched off out of the coffee shop. This was much to the relief of the owner. Even so; the owner was exceedingly grateful for the huge tip that Louie had left - more than one thousand dollars in fact. It more than made up for the loss of customers.
There was something of interest to our three as they made their way along the High Street towards the police station. For some reason people crossed the road to avoid coming anywhere near them. Pearl was thinking to herself; this was with much satisfaction; how what they were about to do was exactly the sort of thing that they could do to help the villagers. They were in essence terrified of these guys. It was about time that they were removed from society.
It was on having arrived at the police station that the three walked up to the counter. Behind the counter was a male senior constable. He was busy studying some papers. The constable on looking up from what he was doing immediately recognised the three. 
It was just as would be expected as a response from a constable at the police station that he said. 'Hello, hello, hello; what have we got here? Goodness me; Meathead, Crafty and Jo; this is the last place I would expect to see you lot. Have you lot lost your mummy or something?'
It was Pearl whose host was Jo that responded by saying. 'No we haven't lost our mummy. We have come to confess to the jewellers shop robbery and several other burglaries'.
'Are you having me on sonny?' the surprised senior constable said.
'No I mean it', Pearl continued. 'We have all decided we want to change our lives and go straight'.
'And just how am I supposed to believe you?' The senior constable retorted. 'How can I believe you when I have had nothing but a pack of lies from you lot in the past'.
'Well', Pearl went on to say. 'You can check it out for yourself. All the proceeds of our burglaries are at 23 Eagle Street. They are in a locked room beneath the house. Take us there and we will show you'.
'Really? This must be my lucky day. Just so that there is no nonsense; you lot can prove you mean it by letting me handcuff you all right now'.
'Go ahead', Pearl responded.
The senior constable duly handcuffed the three together; and to the counter; so they couldn't move. He then went to fetch a police car. Another constable took over at the counter.
Pearl whispered to the others, 'Don't worry; we can demerge at anytime if things get rough. The handcuffs don't have any affect on our ability to demerge. Remember if you need to demerge; clench both your fists and walk away. It's that simple. You won't be seen'.
It may well be asked how the three could demerge and escape when they were securely handcuffed together? It would be remembered that in any change of state that nothing could be taken with them. This included handcuffs which was a bit of a blessing in this situation! Pearl knew this to be the case and duly reassured Louie and Lulu. In fact all three knew of this. This was because in the process of changing state; such as when moving through the quartz; it had been found that items such as smellphones and chocolate cake simply didn't go with them. 
So it was that the police car the senior constable had fetched duly pulled up outside the front of the police station. Louie Lulu and Pearl who were encapsulated within their hosts were then bundled into the back. It was then at much speed that the car headed off to 23 Eagle Street.
It was on arrival that the senior constable went straight away to look beneath the house. There was a locked room alright; and it was supposedly chocker with stolen goods. 
'Where's the key?' the senior constable demanded.
It was without even having to think that Pearl; who was of course Jo; reached into her pocket. She retrieved a bunch of keys. 'It's this one', Pearl had said on holding it up.
The senior constable then opened the door. He couldn't believe it. The room was indeed chocker with money, jewellery, household items, and clothing! There was thousands upon thousands of dollars worth of stolen goods right there before him.
'My God!' the senior constable exclaimed with disbelief. 'You lot are under arrest'. 
'Demerge now!' Pearl whispered somewhat urgently to Louie and Lulu. 
There was no problem. Louie Lulu and Pearl simply clenched their fists and walked out of their human hosts. The three thugs who were now as themselves again couldn't believe it. There they were standing handcuffed together in front of their stolen goods - and with a senior constable present. They had been caught red handed - or maybe it was blue handed?
Louie Lulu and Pearl didn't hang around. It was up up and away that they flew as quickly as they could. 
'Yea!' Louie called out to Lulu and Pearl. 'We did it. That lot won't trouble the village for a good many years now!'
'Fantastic wasn't it!' Pearl responded. 'It just shows that we can do much good with our powers'.
'We surely can', Lulu called back. 'It makes me feel exceedingly happy'.
'Well I reckon that that's enough for today', Pearl continued. 'I suggest we head back through the quartz. We can talk more about what we have learnt today on the other side'.
So it was that three happy insects emerged from the quartz in the tunnel. They were elated with what they had achieved on the first day with their newly found ability. Lulu hugged Louie. It was with tears of happiness in her eyes that she said. 'Wasn't that just fantastic my bee?'
Lulu on having hugged Louie then turned to address Pearl. It was with much feeling that she said. 'You are just such a wonderful clever moth Pearl'. 
'Couldn't have done it without you two', Pearl replied. This was while holding the two bees close to her. 'I believe that we can do a lot of good. Today has just been the tip of the iceberg'.
It has to be said that Louie and Lulu didn't really know what it all had to do with an iceberg. Even so; if Pearl had said it; it must be good. 
It was with Louie and Lulu having forgotten about icebergs for the interim that the three made their way arm in arm back up the tunnel. This was while talking of what had been an amazing experience.
'Doesn't it feel good', Louie said. 'We have prevented a lot of people from suffering at the hands of those thugs in the future. I feel exceedingly happy'.
Louie was right. All three insects did indeed feel exceedingly happy. It was late afternoon when they had emerged from the tunnel. Pearl then turned to Louie and Lulu and said. 'Thanks you two. There is a lot to take in after what you saw today. I was going to say that it's only two weeks to Christmas now. I suggest that we defer any more adventures we might embark upon until next year. If you feel like it though; go and try what we did today for yourselves. The more you two feel comfortable with the merging and demerging process; that is with people; the better it will be'.
Pearl was then serious for a moment. 'In the new year I have an idea for quite a major initiative. It involves using what we did today. There are some quite serious issues that I will need to talk to you about early next year. In the meantime I believe that we should all relax over these last two weeks before Christmas. We need to enjoy ourselves. No more serious stuff for a while I reckon!'
'Thanks Pearl', Louie responded. 'We'll catch-up again over the next two weeks. Don't hesitate to give Lulu or me a call if anything comes up though'.
'Will do', Pearl confirmed. 'I'll say 'bye for now and thanks again'.
So it was that Pearl lifted off with a flutter of wings to head back to her apartment. Louie then secured the door to the tunnel. This was before he and Lulu headed home. The sun was low to the west by this time.  The sky was brilliantly clear. There wasn't a breath of wind. Even though it was early summer there was a possibility of a light frost overnight.
It was once that Louie and Lulu were back home; this was in their little house by the stream; that Louie lit the stove. Having done so, Louie fetched some of his favourite honey nectar. He poured a glass for Lulu and himself. The pair sat in front of the stove together while watching the flickering flames. Lulu had her arm about Louie. She was holding him close to her.
'I am so glad I don't live in the human world Louie', Lulu said at length. 'Just as Pearl has said to us on numerous occasions; there is so much greed and dishonesty. In our world we have everything in the way of true happiness. It would be terrible to lose what we have'.
'Yes it would Lulu', Louie agreed with a sigh. 'We are so fortunate to have Pearl with her foresight to protect us all. This project or whatever it is she mentioned for us to become involved in next year must relate to some new threat. It will be some threat that she feels could be mounting against our community'.
Louie paused to watch the flames in the stove for a moment. He then continued by saying. 'Lulu the wonderful thing about what we saw and did today was this. It means that we can go through the quartz to deal with threats to our community before they get out of hand. The power we have been given is unbelievable. The scope of what we can do hasn't been fully realised yet. What we achieved with Pearl today was just the beginning'.
'You're so right Louie' Lulu responded. 'I believe that the wonderful thing about what we did today was that it has given me a tremendous feeling of security. Within reason we really can as a community control our own destiny. We can avoid being threatened by the infestation and pollution of the planet by humans'.
Although Lulu didn't really realise it at this point in time; what she had just said was incredibly profound and true. This will be clearly demonstrated as we move on with our story.

Chapter 22
A Magic Christmas

We now move on in time to ten days before Christmas. It's 8.30 a.m as we take up our story. Louie and Lulu are busy at the Factory. They are busying themselves with the things that the two bees were usually busy with at the Factory.
Louie happened to be in his office when his smellphone rang. It was Pearl. She asked Louie if he could come and see her urgently. Apparently there was something exceedingly important that needed to be discussed. 'Louie', Pearl had implored. 'I can't tell you what it is over the phone. I need to see you without Lulu right away. Tell Lulu that I have an idea about a Christmas present for her; which is quite true. I believe that she would be over the moon with the idea I have. Even so I need to discuss it with you first Louie'.
Louie not unnaturally agreed to go and see Pearl straight away. Accordingly he went to inform Lulu. He went up to Lulu who happened to be seated while facing away from him. She was deeply engrossed in some accounting stuff. Louie stopped for a moment to look at Lulu. He sighed quietly to himself on thinking what a pretty bee she was. He also sighed on thinking how lucky he was in having her as his wife. It was then that from behind that Louie gently placed his arm about her. Lulu jumped and then laughed. 'Sorry Louie', she said. 'I wasn't expecting you. You gave me a fright!'
'It's alright Lulu. I've just come to let you know that Pearl wants to see me. I can't take you with me because it is something about a surprise for you at Christmas. Pearl sounds really excited. I won't be too long. Phone me if you have any problems'.
'Really Louie; what sort of a surprise is it?' Lulu said while trying to get it out of Louie as to what the surprise might be. 
'Honestly I don't know Lulu. Pearl hasn't told me yet which is probably just as well. If she had, you would have made me tell you and then it would no longer be a surprise!'
'Oh Louie; I love surprises as long as they are nice ones'. 
'Don't worry about that Lulu. Let's face it; Pearl thinks the world of you. I just know that there would be no nasty surprises you silly bee'.
'Please be carful Louie', Lulu pleaded.
'I will', Louie responded. 'Hopefully I will only be about half an hour'.
Louie gave Lulu a hug and kissed her. Having told her that he loved her; quite a lot in fact; he headed off to see Pearl.
It was about half an hour later that Lulu had a call from Louie on her smellphone.
'Hello my bee', Louie said. 'I'm just letting you know that I'm going with Pearl to look at something. I'm terribly excited. I can't tell you anything yet. Just remember that I love you. I will be about another hour'.
'Louie, why can't you tell me?' Lulu pleaded.
'Lulu it's something that is so unbelievably special. I need to go with Pearl to confirm delivery of your Christmas present. I don't want to disappoint you if I can't get it. I should be back in an hour. Please don't worry; everything is alright'.
'Please be back soon Louie. I miss you already'.
It was on having ended the call with Louie that Lulu sat wondering what on earth it could be that was so special. She had no idea; it was indeed a mystery to her. Louie was subsequently back within an hour as he had promised. Lulu could see he was excited. This was judging by the ear to ear grin being portrayed by his loveable bumblebee face. 
'I am so excited about your surprise Lulu', Louie said while hardly able to contain himself. 'I would love to tell you what it is but it will have to wait until Christmas morning'.
'Aw Louie. Can't you just give me a clue? Please can you?'
'No Lulu', Louie said with a degree of firmness. 'You would never guess in a million years either'.
Louie went over to Lulu to hold her close to him. He kissed her with much tenderness. Lulu looked up at Louie with her big eyes. Those eyes were pleading with him to tell her. 
'Just be patient Lulu', Louie pleaded. This was while gently stroking her soft black bumblebee fur. 'It is only ten days to Christmas now. One other thing that I need to ask of you is this. I have to do some special things at home between now and Christmas. You are not to look in the spare room until I tell you to do so on Christmas morning!'
Lulu could tell by the serious but excited look on Louie's face that it was indeed something special. It was accordingly that she said. 'Alright my bee; I will do what I am told!'
Louie and Lulu laughed. They then went to join the Ten Ants for morning tea.
****
It was in the evenings of the days leading up to Christmas that Louie was busy doing things in the spare room. Lulu could tell by what she could hear that he was making something. Even so, she had no idea what it could be. There was quite a bit of banging and hammering at times. This was together with an interlude or two of cursing and swearing. That is when things weren't going too well for Louie.
Lulu was excited. She was really tempted to take a discreet peep in the spare room. She didn't because she knew that Louie would be terribly hurt if she did. Something that helped Lulu was when time had moved on to two nights before Christmas. It was with two nights to go that Louie had finished all the banging and hammering. This was together with the cursing and swearing that had been taking place in the spare room. With Louie having finished what he needed to do in relation to Lulu's surprise; this was together with the fact that the Factory was closed for two weeks until after New Year; the two bees could now relax. It was good to be on holiday and not have to think about heading to the Factory first thing in the mornings. 
It was in the evening of the two days before Christmas that Louie and Lulu happened to be sitting and relaxing outside on the sundeck. They had had their evening meal. It was quite warm and mild. In fact it was a beautiful summers' evening. 
It was while sitting out on their sundeck that Lulu in being Lulu couldn't resist teasing Louie. In particular this was in relation to the secrecy surrounding her Christmas present. Even so; it was no matter how hard she tried to get Louie to tell her; he wouldn't.
'Tell you what', Louie said; this was while trying to divert Lulu away from asking about her Christmas present. 'Let's go through the tunnel and the quartz to the village. Let's see what it's like just before Christmas. For one it might stop you needling me about your Christmas present!'
Lulu laughed. 'What a good idea Louie. I suggest we go now. You never know; we might be able to do some good for the people'.
So it was that Louie went to fetch a packet of Beehive Matches. This was to light the candles in the tunnel. It was then that the two bees took off. Quite frankly it was simply magic flying along the stream in what was a red glow from the sunset. Louie as usual lit the beeswax candles along the tunnel. It was on reaching the quartz face that Lulu said; this was with a degree of mischief; 'Race you through the quartz!' 
Louie was too quick for her. He had been caught out by Lulu before with her trickery. This time he was prepared. It was he who emerged in the village just ahead of Lulu. What happy bees they were.
It was on having arrived in the village; this was in their blue nymph like forms; that Louie and Lulu climbed high. This was to then circle overhead. The beautiful big blue translucent wings that they now possessed somehow added to the theme of Christmas. It was below them as they flew that they could see many people. They were out and about doing their Christmas shopping. To add to the occasion there was a brass band playing Christmas Carols in the square. Also in the square was a large and beautifully decorated Christmas tree. It was when Louie and Lulu had arrived that the Christmas tree lights had just come on. By all accounts they seemed to be flashing in time to the band playing the Christmas Carols. 
It was as Louie and Lulu circled high above the village that they could see a faraway blaze of lights. These were the lights of the city that Pearl had pointed out to them on an earlier occasion. With that city being ever expanding it could one day be a threat to the village and the insect community. Such thoughts however were pushed to the back of Louie and Lulu's minds. It was time for the joy that Christmas brings. 
'Isn't it magic Louie', Lulu called out to Louie. This was as they circled high above the village.
'It truly is Lulu', Louie responded. 'It really was a good idea to come and have a look'.
Louie and Lulu circled wider to fly over houses that surrounded the central village area. It was Lulu who said. 'I somehow feel like Santa Claus flying above the houses like this'. She then added a "Ho Ho Ho" for good measure.
Louie then noticed something. He called out to Lulu. 'Look down there at that house immediately below us. Look at those selfish idiots graffiti-ing the fence'.
What Louie had seen were two youths with paint spray cans ruining some poor innocent victim's fence. That certainly wasn't the Christmas spirit.
'Right', Louie pronounced. 'Let's go down and do some good here. Lulu you merge with the one on the left and I'll take the other'.
Louie and Lulu reduced altitude in a sweeping circular arc. They had their arms out before them. Their clenched fists were together and glowing blue. Having lined up their hosts they glided in at speed and merged. Once they had merged Louie said with a laugh. 'Really Lulu; you do look a right plonker with that cap on back to front - or maybe it's that you have got your head on back to front!'
Lulu laughed. She retorted by saying. 'By the way you speak Louie you sound as though you have just graduated from kindergarten. Besides which; why are you wearing a hood on a warm summer evening like this? Have you got a head cold or something you poor lamb!'
'By what I am finding', Louie continued. 'I really wonder if my host has even got a brain. There seems to be nobody at home here!'
'Well Louie', Lulu responded, 'It goes with how you look!'
'What I suggest is this', Louie then went on to say. 'Now that we are in control of our hosts; let's decorate ourselves for Christmas with these spray cans! I am sure our hosts would appreciate it!'
'Good idea Louie. Let's do it'.
Louie and Lulu virtually emptied the spray cans by covering each other with florescent green and bright orange paint. It was all over their hosts clothes. It was in their hair and even in their shoes! Poetic justice would be the word.
'I've got an idea', Lulu said. 'Seeing that I know my name, phone number, and address. Why don't we put this information on the fence! After all an artist should let people know who they are and sign their work!'
'Brilliant idea Lulu; let's do just that'. 
Louie was most impressed with Lulu's smart thinking. So it was that the two bees while in control of their hoists; they added the appropriate information to the fence.
'There that will do', Louie said. 'That was a great idea Lulu. I doubt if these guys will do it again'.
Louie thought for a moment. This was before saying. 'I've got another idea Lulu. Let's go and knock on the door of the house owner. Let's present ourselves as our hosts and own up to what we have done! When we have we can then quickly demerge from these two dudes. I'm sure that the owner of this house will be quite capable of sorting it out from there!'
Lulu laughed. 'Come on Louie let's do it'.
Louie and Lulu marched up to the door of the owner's house and knocked. The door was opened by a tall burly looking man. By all appearances he was slightly annoyed at being taken away from watching his favourite TV program.
'I am awfully sorry sir', Louie proceeded to say. 'We just want you to know that we have graffitied your fence'.
The owner on seeing the two dudes standing before him simply burst out laughing. He couldn't contain himself on seeing the two dudes covered in bright orange and green paint. This was from head to toe.  The question was; was it Christmas or was it Halloween!
'Quick demerge now', Louie whispered to Lulu.
****
So it was with mission accomplished that Louie and Lulu flew back up into the sky. They left the two psychedelic looking paint soaked youths to the wrath of the owner. It was once again that our two bees in their invisible forms flew high above the town. It has to be said that it took a while to bring their laughter under control! Even so; it was truly wonderful flying in the near dark. This was with the Christmas lights and the carol singing below them in the village. It was something exceedingly magic.
It was on having circled above the village for a while that it was Louie who then made a suggestion. He called out to Lulu. 'Let's go and sit in the square again to relax for a while. Let's sit and watch the magic of what people do at Christmas'. 
Lulu agreed.  The pair then landed back on the grass of the square. They had done so not that far from the Christmas tree. It was in an area that was devoid of people for the time being. They sat in silence while listening to carols being sung. This was as well as watching the people as well as the flashing lights of the enormous Christmas tree. The sky was near being black overhead by this time. Stars were shining. There was a full moon rising in the east behind the village church spire. 
Lulu noticed it first. There was a lone woman sitting on a bench beneath the Christmas tree. Seemingly she was crying. This was evident by the fact that she was dabbing her eyes with a lacy white handkerchief. Something was obviously very wrong. As far as Louie and Lulu were concerned; Christmas was certainly not the time to be upset and crying.
'I wonder what's wrong', Louie said with a sigh of almost despair.
'Let's find out Louie', Lulu suggested. 'What I will do is go and merge with her. Once she is my host it should be easy enough to read her thoughts. Then I can determine what it is that is troubling her. You stay here Louie. You keep watch. I'll come back as quick as I can'.
'Be careful Lulu', Louie called out as Lulu flew off.
Lulu duly merged with the woman. She stayed with her for about five minutes. This was before demerging and heading back to Louie.
'Louie', Lulu said on returning. 'It's so terribly sad. From what I can determine it's her husband. Seemingly he is in the final throws of dying from cancer. Her name is Dorothy Ashton. Her reason for sitting in front of the Christmas tree is because it reminds her of better times in the past. That is when her husband was well. All manner of thoughts are going through her mind. She's reminiscing about her children when they were young. There are strong memories of how they all had a good time as a family. Unfortunately the children have all moved away to pursue their own lives. On that basis this woman is on her own to face the demise of her husband. She loves him just like I love you Louie'.
Lulu moved in close to sit beside Louie. She then continued by saying. 'Apparently her husband has been in a coma for the last ten days. He's seeing out his final days; or even hours for that matter; in the village hospice. From what I could gather the hospice is just a short distance from here. I know from Mrs Ashton's thoughts exactly where it is. She's missing her husband terribly. It's especially so now that it is Christmas. Do you think there is anything we can do Louie?'
Louie thought for a moment. He thought about all the things that Pearl had taught them. 'Yes maybe there is', Louie said finally. 'First of all Lulu, I suggest that you go and remerge with the woman. Then with her as your host; walk her back to the hospice. What I will do is to follow close by. You won't be able to see me but I will be right there with you. While I accompany you, I'll think further about what we need to do. I have the semblance of a plan in mind that just might work'. 
Just as Louie had suggested; Lulu went and remerged with the woman. Having done so, she commenced walking to the hospice. Lulu could feel Mrs Ashton's legs as being very tired. It was quite an effort to walk. There was no strength. Seemingly there was also a diminishing will to even live. Her whole demeanour seemed to be overwhelmed with grief and despair. Louie; just as had been agreed; flew above and close to Lulu and her host. He was formulating it in his mind as to what they might do.
Lulu could indeed feel everything that Dorothy Ashton felt. She and her host passed happy people who were out shopping and enjoying the pre-Christmas feeling. Lulu from her own perspective could feel that happiness and Christmas spirit too. To Mrs Ashton however it was simply a blur of life lost in utter despair.
Lulu duly arrived at the hospice. It only took a matter of minutes to do so. Unfortunately it was shut for the night.
Lulu called out to Louie. 'What do I do now? Shall I knock on the door?'
'Yes Lulu. Assuming you get a response they will recognise you as being Mrs Ashton. Ask to see your husband. For my plan to work you need to go to him. I will follow'.
Lulu duly knocked on the door. A rather pleasant nurse answered. It was on immediately recognising Mrs Ashton that she said. 'Hello Mrs Ashton. Have you come to see your husband?'
'Yes I have', Lulu responded. 'I need to be with him'.
The nurse ushered Lulu in. She then led her to the bedside of Mr Ashton. Louie followed unseen close behind. 
It was as the nurse led Lulu to be with Mr Ashton that she placed an arm about her. The nurse said in a voice that was kind and gentle. 'I am so sorry Mrs Ashton; your husband is very frail now. Feel free to stay with him as long as you want. I know it's so hard for you at this time of the year. Just call me if you want or need anything'.
The nurse then left Lulu alone. She then sat down on the bed close beside Mr Ashton. It was indeed the case that Mr Ashton was very ill. He lay very still. There was an occasional spasm of movement from his cancer ravaged body. He was close to dying.
'What now Louie?' Lulu called out to Louie. This was in a loud whisper.
'What I'm going to try and do now Lulu  is to take him back in time with my left fist. It should work because he is still living. It's similar to what I did with you when you were hit by the car'.
Louie clenched his left fist. It was then glowing blue. He then moved in close to hold  his glowing fist close to Mr Ashton. This was so that the blue aura touched. Sure enough; Mr Ashton started to change. It was a miracle. His painfully thin almost skeletal form started to fill out.  He began to take on the appearance of being healthy again. Colour came back to his face and cheeks. The previously sunken eyes were being repositioned to that of being normal. It was ultimately that his eyes opened. He then sat up. It could be seen by Louie and Lulu that Mr Ashton was confused as to where he was.
It was while Mr Ashton remained sitting up; this was in a somewhat dazed state; that Louie continued the process. This was of taking Mr Ashton back in time a little further. Louie hoped that by doing so, Mr Ashton could revert back to being in a totally cancer free state. Louie had to be careful he didn't go back too far. Coming back to reality with a memory that applied several decades ago could put him into a state of shock.
Louie duly stopped the process. He then said to Lulu. 'Demerge now Lulu. Let's stay here in our invisible forms to watch what happens'.
Lulu demerged. In the process she had left Mrs Ashton sitting by the bed. It was initially that Mrs Ashton was confused. It was just as was Mr Ashton. Mrs Ashton on seeing her husband well again, obviously thought that she must be in a dream. It was with disbelief to the fore that the pair sat and looked at each other for a moment. 
'Is that really you Harold?' Mrs Ashton ventured to say. 
'Yes it is. It really is!', Harold Ashton responded. This was while touching himself and looking around in disbelief. He then went on to say. 'Dorothy what am I doing here? I have no memory of ever coming to this place'.
Mrs Ashton couldn't believe it. She clutched her hands to her face. It obviously wasn't a dream. Some sort of miracle had occurred. Her beloved Harold seemed to be completely normal!
Mrs Ashton embraced her much loved husband. She held him close for all he was worth. There were tears streaming down her face. Seemingly it was the miracle of Christmas - which it was thanks to Louie and Lulu.
Louie and Lulu discretely left Mr and Mrs Ashton to it. It was appropriate to do so because their job was done. Having left the hospice they flew back to the square. It was here that they sat on the grass once more. There was much to think about with what they had achieved.
'Well-done Louie', Lulu said at length, 'That was truly wonderful. It makes me feel good. I wish I could hug you but I can't!'
'It was amazing wasn't it', Louie responded. 'I have no idea if Mr Ashton will remain healthy. As time advances he may get cancer again. For all we know it could be in his genes that he does. If that's the case there's little that we can do about it. The process will simply repeat itself again. That's not the issue though. The wonderful thing is that Dorothy and Harold Ashton will be together for this Christmas. They can relive the wonderful memories they have of past Christmases'.
Louie and Lulu remained sitting on the grass in the village square for a while longer. This was while watching the pre-Christmas festivities going on around them. It was Louie who ultimately said. 'I can't help thinking about it Lulu. Pearl has taught us so much since we discovered the ability to go through the quartz. I have never thought much about the human society up until now. Let's face it they were just there. We as insects did our thing and they did theirs. It's just as Pearl said; the influence of human society is something we are going to have to watch closely. That is so that we can protect our own community. I have to admit that I have been so naive and complacent about a lot of things'.
'It's not just you Louie. It's been all of our community that has been complacent including me. We have Pearl to thank for where we are now. Our community wouldn't survive without our Queen'.
'You are so right there Lulu. Anyway; enough of this thinking stuff. Let's head home. I believe that we have done our good deed for the day. Besides which I want that hug you can't give me while we are on this side of the quartz!'
'Race you to the wall', Lulu said with a laugh.
The pair headed for the quartz facade at the bank. It was on through that they went. It was subsequently while making their way back along the tunnel that Louie said. 'At least that took your mind off asking about your Christmas present all the time'. 
'Sorry Louie; I promise I won't ask again. After all it is only one day to go now'.
'It's alright Lulu. I am just teasing you. Just as a matter of interest; what is it that you have got me for Christmas?'
'Not telling', Lulu responded with a look of mischief on her face. Yes; everything was normal in the bee household.
****
We now come to a very special part of our story. It will now be divulged as to what Lulu's Christmas surprise was. It has to be said that it was something that changed Louie and Lulu's lives for the better. It was a new beginning. Anyway; let's get on with it.
 Christmas morning duly arrived. Strangely enough Lulu was awake first. It was on having turned in the bed to give Louie's loveable furry body a bit of a friendly poke that she whispered in his ear. 'Louie. Are you awake? It's Christmas morning. Can I go and look at my present now? Please, please can I?'
It was in response that somewhat sleepily Louie mumbled. 'What's the time? Is it time to go to the Factory yet?' 
Lulu with a degree of frustration gave Louie another friendly poke. It was then in a plea that she said. 'Please Louie. It's six o'clock on Christmas morning. Can I go and look at my present now?' 
Louie rubbed his eyes and sat up. With a certain amount of feigned vagueness he said. What present?'
It was on seeing the look on Lulu's face that Louie laughed. He reached to pull Lulu ever so close to him. It was then somewhat apologetically that he said. 'Sorry Lulu, I'm just teasing you. I know it's Christmas day and there is indeed a very, very special present for you. Your present is arriving at seven'.
'What!' Lulu retorted while giving Louie a friendly smack. 'If that's the case; what is it that's in the spare room that I haven't been allowed to look at?'
'All will be revealed', Louie responded. 'Tell you what my Lulu; go and make a cup of TG Tips. From what I can see it's a beautiful fine morning. When you have made the tea we will go out on the sundeck and wait'.
'Louie!' Lulu protested. 'What are you trying to do to me? I've hardly slept all night with excitement. Now you tell me that my present isn't even here yet!'
'Just be patient my beautiful bee. Go and make that cup of TG Tips. It's not long now'.
Poor Lulu; the whole business of her Christmas present was becoming more mysterious by the minute. Even so, Lulu could tell that Louie was excited. On that basis it was following a sigh of frustration she went and made the tea.
It was when the two bees had made it out onto the sundeck that the sun could be seen just above the horizon to the east. In being early morning it was coolish. Even so, it was as Louie had noted earlier; it was a beautiful morning. 
It was in a somewhat sympathetic plea that Louie said to Lulu. 'Come and sit beside me Lulu and wait. It won't be long now I promise'.
Lulu on having resigned herself to the fact that she would have to wait snuggled up beside Louie. She held him ever so close. In effect it was in Lulu's mind that the Christmas present didn't matter in the scheme of things. That is as long as she had her beloved Louie.
The pair waited until it was just coming up to 7.00 a.m. This was of course the time that Louie had promised something would happen. Lulu in feeling frustration come to the fore yet again said. 'What are you up to Louie?  It's seven o'clock and nothing has happened?'
'Shshsh; listen', Louie responded.
'Listen to what?' Lulu said while trying to hear something but couldn't. It was then that Lulu heard it. It was a fluttering sound that she had heard before but couldn't think what it was. The "fluttering sound" was getting closer. 
It was then that suddenly; this was over the top of the surrounding bush and ferns; that in fluttered the most beautiful moth imaginable. It was indeed Pearl Baker-Moth. Lulu could see how beneath her she was carrying one of Louie's bracken baskets. "What on Earth could it be?' Lulu had thought.
Pearl duly alighted gracefully on the sundeck. It was with the smile of a Queen that she pronounced with much feeling. 'Happy Christmas you two. Louie you take the basket. Let's head inside. Lulu you don't have to wait anymore!'
Once the three were inside the little house; Pearl moved to Lulu. She held her close in what was an expression of deep love and affection. It was while holding Lulu that Pearl said to Louie. 'Louie; show Lulu what's in the basket'.
The basket in question had a blanket placed over it. The blanket itself was made of a mixture of the finest spider silk and dandelion tufts. It was soft and beautiful beyond description. Pearl had secretly made it with the help of the Ten Ants. The Ten Ants had a friend who was a weaver; or was it a weevil. Anyway it was one or the other.
Louie slipped the cover off the basket. He then lifted the basket to show Lulu what was in it. It was with tears of joy in his eyes that he said. 'They're ours Lulu'. 
It was in the basket and lying side by side that there were two very small and beautiful baby bees. They were barely two weeks old. They were lying on their backs while waving their little legs in the air. This was while making happy little squeaks that only baby bees happen to make.
It was with utter disbelief that Lulu said. 'Oh Pearl; Louie; are they really ours?' 
Lulu then went to hug Louie before hugging Pearl once more. Tears were streaming down her pretty face. She couldn't believe the beautiful sight that she had beheld within the basket. 
Lulu fell to her knees alongside the basket. It had by this time been placed on the floor. Lulu was clutching her hands to her face. It was over and over again that she said. 'You beautiful creatures; I love you both'.
The two little bees were squeaking somewhat louder by this time. Lulu reached into the basket and picked one of the little creatures up. She clutched its furry little body close to herself. It was in response to such affection that the wee mite reached out to touch Lulu's face. It was possible; if not probable; that the little bee assumed Lulu to be its mother.
Lulu then carefully picked up the other little bee. This was to cradle both of them in her arms. They were so tiny. Even in being tiny they had the most perfect little yellow and black stripes. Louie and Pearl stood back and watched. This was as Lulu came to terms with the fact that her dream of having little ones had come true
Pearl then said with a smile a mile wide. 'I believe that Lulu likes them Louie'. 
'Oh yes Pearl', Louie responded. 'No question of it. It has satisfied something that has been missing in her life. Thank you so much for what you have done'.
Lulu sobbed softly. This was while holding the two wee bees close to her. She was overwhelmed with happiness. It was when the time was appropriate that she placed them back in the basket. Having done so, she turned to Louie and Pearl. It was while continuing to sob with utter joy that she said. 'You have no idea what this means to me. They are just the most wonderful two wee bees I have ever seen. I can't believe that they are ours'.
Pearl then went over to Lulu. It was on having placed an arm about her that she said. 'Yes Lulu; they officially belong to you and Louie. It has all been arranged. Come and sit down on the couch for a moment. I need to explain to you how this has all come about'.
It was once Pearl and Lulu were comfortably seated on the couch that Pearl went on to say. 'Lulu; it was a couple of weeks ago that the parents of the two bees were tragically killed on the road leading to the village. They were hit by a passing car. Amazingly enough the incident occurred close to where Louie saved you. These two bees; they are a male and a female; were discovered alone without their parents. Fortunately their crying for attention was heard by one of Virgil's wasps. It was then that the two bees were taken to the medical centre to see what could be done. In fact Dr Wong and his nurse Tea Leaf have been taking care of them for the past ten days. Dr Wong in particular has ensured that they have returned to being fit and healthy. The day that the two bees were found I phoned Louie. I phoned Louie because I knew how disappointed you felt on knowing you couldn't have baby bees yourself. On that basis I felt there to be a good chance that you two would consider adopting them.
'Louie and I ultimately agreed for the two bees to stay at the medical centre. This was so that it could be a surprise for you today Lulu. Louie simply fell in love with the pair straight away. He naturally insisted it be arranged that you and he be the parents. All the documentation has been arranged by Moore, Payper and Staff. So yes; the two bees are yours to love and cherish Lulu'.
Hmmm; Pearl was fighting back the tears by this time!
'What a right lot we are', Pearl continued. 'We shouldn't be crying. We should be laughing and be happy!'
'We should indeed', Louie agreed. 'There's something else to make you happy Lulu. Come and look in the spare room'.
Louie took Lulu to the spare room. This was of course where she had been dying to have a peep for the past couple of weeks or so. There it was. Louie had built a cradle out of bracken for the two baby bees. On it were tiny little sheets cut from white lilies. To add to the specialness there was a red rose petal on top.
Lulu clutched her hands to her face once more. It was with a voice that was faltering with emotion that she said. 'Oh Louie; that's just so wonderful. I had no idea what you were doing. I'm so proud of you. Let me go and fetch our children and place them in their cradle'.
Lulu first of all hugged and kissed Louie to thank him. She then went to fetch the two baby bees. The two little mites squeaked with delight as Lulu laid them carefully in the cradle.
'Let's celebrate', Louie suggested. 'Will you stay for breakfast with us Pearl?'
'Love to', Pearl confirmed. This was while wiping tears from her eyes and laughing.
'Right you two', Louie commanded. You two head out onto the sundeck and talk baby stuff. While you do I'll fetch some glasses of nectar'.
So it was that the three relaxed out on the sundeck. This was in the sunshine beneath the shade of a fern. They talked of the wonderful moment that had come about. They did so for close to an hour or so. Lulu of course had to keep going back inside to check the little bees every five minutes.
Louie made breakfast. The sun was by this time well up and shining. It was shining from a clear blue sky. It was the most perfect Christmas morning ever. Quite frankly there was uncontained happiness at the bee house this particular morning.
It was about halfway through having breakfast that Lulu jumped up and said. 'Louie my poor Louie. I forgot about your Christmas present!'
It was accordingly that Lulu rushed inside. She then returned with a beautifully wrapped parcel for Louie. Inside was a new pair of yellow and black striped shorts that Lulu had spent hours making. The stripes matched perfectly Louie's own black and yellow stripes. The shorts were of course made from the finest spider silk.
It was on giving Louie his present that Lulu said with a further sob of emotion. 'I can't match what you and Pearl have done for me'. 
'Don't be silly Lulu', Louie said. 'Look at the hours you have spent making these shorts for me. Anyway; wait a moment. I have something else that's special for this wonderful Christmas day'.
Louie hurried back inside. He then returned with another parcel. This particular parcel was for Pearl. 
What Louie had done was to obtain a small piece of quartz from the tunnel. He had then polished it and mounted it on a rosewood base. In being quartz from the tunnel it glowed blue when any of the three were in close proximity to it. It was on the rosewood base that Louie had inscribed. 

Happy Christmas Pearl
Thank you for all you have done for us
Love Louie and Lulu

'Oh thank you Louie and Lulu', Pearl said in being quite overcome. 'That is just so beautiful. I will treasure it for ever. You two make me so so happy'. 
Pearl wiped away a tear as she held the quartz close to her. It was glowing blue. It was magic.
Louie Lulu and Pearl sat outside on the sundeck for the remainder of the morning. It was a time to reminisce about what had happened over the past year. Pearl laughed in relation to the episode that Louie and Lulu had experienced with the graffiti "experts". Pearl was also extremely pleased with what Louie and Lulu had been able to do for Mrs Ashton. It was what the gift of being able to go through the quartz was all about.
It was following what had been a leisurely morning that Pearl headed back to her apartment. This was somewhere close to being midday. It was when Pearl had departed that Louie and Lulu then doted over the two new additions to the family. They did so for the remainder of the afternoon. It was frequently that Lulu picked up the precious little bees. This was to hold them close to her. Yes it was to Lulu that the joy of being a mother; yes the joy that she had thought she had lost; had unquestionably been returned to her!
It was by the evening on this special Christmas day that the two little bees had names. They were from this time on to be known as Tiger and Lily.
It was when Louie and Lulu were in bed late that evening that Lulu said to Louie, 'I reckon Tiger looks just like you Louie'.
'You think so Lulu; the poor little chap!' Hmmm; it so happened that Louie didn't duck in time to miss a friendly smack from Lulu. 
Lulu had moved the cradle with the two small bees in it from the spare room to their own bedroom. This was close alongside the bed so she could be near Tiger and Lily. Tiger and Lily were by this time already sound asleep. 
It was before settling in for the night that Lulu climbed out of bed for the three hundredth time. Having done so she bent over the two little bees where they were asleep in their cradle. She could detect a slight snuffling sound coming from each of them. Their tiny little partly formed wings were neatly folded down their backs. Quite frankly the tiny little wings gave the impression of angels.  
It was in utter adoration that Lulu gently stroked the tiny little heads of the two baby bees. It was for a moment or two that she studied them. This was in disbelief that they belonged to her and Louie. 
It was soon that all four were sound asleep. A full moon happened to be overhead. This was just as it had been when Louie and Lulu were in the cave for their honeymoon. It is believed that once again the Man in the Moon had a smile on his face. 

Chapter 23
Christmas To New Year

It needs to be pointed out at the very beginning of this chapter that there is much so called "baby talk" to be endured. No it is not a set of instructions in relation to how bumblebees should bring up their children. The reference here to baby type stuff is simply how it was in the bee household with the arrival of the two small bees. In particular this is over the period between Christmas and New Year. Let's face it; Louie and Lulu knew what they were doing in relation to the new additions to their family. It was simply how bumblebees are - that is clever little buggers. They didn't need any such nonsense as books for young mothers; or Plunket calling in to tell them what they already knew. That is as it was in the world of people. Anyway; it is necessary to endure a certain amount of baby talk and stuff in relation to Tiger and Lily. That is over the first days of their being with Louie and Lulu. The reason for this is that the rapidness of their initial progress as little creatures has relevance to the following chapter. Let's get on with it.
It was for the week between Christmas and New Year that each day dawned to be fine and clear. Louie had a good feeling about the weather. The sunsets had been consistently red. There was no wind to speak of. His bee senses told him that there was a high pressure weather system hanging around. Yes; truth be known; bumblebees were indeed very clever little creatures. 
Typically Louie and Lulu would be up about 7.00 a.m. Tiger and Lily were exceedingly good little bees in that there was never a squeak out of them during the night. It was in contrast that during waking hours they could possibly be better described as being mischievous little bees. It would be when Louie and Lulu had both washed their teeth and brushed their bodies that it would then be time to attend to the little blighters. That is the two small bees that would still be sound asleep in the spare room. Yes; Tiger and Lily were now sleeping in their cradle in the spare room rather than with their parents in their bedroom. 
It would be such a peaceful sight first thing in the morning when Louie and Lulu entered the spare room. Tiger and Lily would be sound asleep. There they would be side by side in their cradle. All that would be heard were the soft snuffly sounds that baby bumblebees happen to make when they are asleep.
It would be while Tiger was still asleep that Louie would carefully lift him up out of the cradle. Having done so, he would hold the little creature to him. He would then caress and stroke him gently as he did. Louie would take much care to ensure that nothing frightened Tiger when he woke. This was as he departed from dreamland to arrive back in the real world. Lulu adopted the same procedure with Lily. She would lift Lily up to hold her and stroke her in the process of returning the little bee to the real world.
It would be while Louie and Lulu held the two little creatures that there would be a few "Ooos" and "Ahs"; that is from Louie and Lulu. In the main this would be when Tiger and Lily's little eyes first opened. It would be in addition that tiny arms and legs would wave about reaching out to connect with Mum and Dad. Tiger and Lily at this stage couldn't speak. Instead they communicated with a variety of squeaks that portrayed certain emotions and needs. It seemed to be that one short sharp squeak expressed surprise at something. It was a sort of "What have we got here" noise. Two successive squeaks apparently meant "Yes I like it". Continual uninterrupted squeaking was definitely a "food required" type of noise.
It has to be said that occasionally there would be a long low squeak. It would be almost in the form of a growl. Such a squeak would convey displeasure. This typically occurred when Lulu might be washing either of the little bee's gums and brushing their bodies - or maybe when their diapers needed changing. Incidentally; diapers in the bumblebee world were made of cut up pieces of white lily petals. They would be pinned in place using the cut off pointy bit of a pine needle. Vey enterprising our bees were.  
It would be while the two small bees were waking; this was in Louie and Lulu's arms; that there would be many squeaks of pleasure. However these would quickly change to continual uninterrupted squeaking that was referred to earlier. This would indeed indicate that somebody was hungry.
It would be at this point in time; that is when hunger had been clearly established; that Louie would go and light the stove. This was to warm some dandelion milk for Tiger and Lily. Louie had made a couple of feeding bottles using single honeycomb cells. In the tops Louie had cemented hollowed-out rose thorns. This was with the sharp ends cut off. With the rose thorns being hollow, the milk was able to flow.
It would be on the fine sunny mornings between Christmas and New Year that Lulu would take Tiger and Lily outside on the sundeck. This was to give them the dandelion milk that Louie had warmed. Louie would then prepare breakfast for Lulu and himself. Sometimes they would have Lawn Flakes and gum leaf toast - just as has been referred to before. However there was one breakfast dish that Louie and Lulu were rather partial to. It was a dish that Louie would prepare of over-easy spider eggs. This was accompanied with cut up sections of basil leaves toasted to perfection. It would be on the toast that there would be lashings of dandelion milk butter and honey - yum. Whatever the breakfast was, it would always be accompanied with refreshing cups of TG Tips tea.
It would be once Lulu had fed Tiger and Lily; this was at breakfast time; that the pair would tend to be a little sleepy.  It would then be so that the little bees could rest that Lulu would place them on a special sundeck chair that Louie had made for them. It has to be said that while lying side by side on their sundeck chair that Tiger and Lily looked a really cool pair of little dudes. What made them this way was that for one, Louie had fashioned a couple of sunhats out of suitably sized acorn cups. The pair also wore special sunglasses that Louie had made out of shed cicada shells. The cicada shells were similar in characteristics to a hard thin and transparent plastic. They inherently possessed factor "thirty plus" properties to protect the little eyes from UVA and UVB rays. It might appear to some to be a load of rubbish that cicada shells would filter out ultra violet radiation. Even so it has to be remembered that cicadas spend many hours singing their song in the sunshine. Let's face it; it would be a rear occurrence to come across a sunburnt cicada. On that basis the evidence that cicada shells could protect little bees from ultra violet light was irrefutable. 
It would be by the time that Tiger and Lily had been fed; and were resting; that Lulu would position herself on a suitably placed piece of sundeck ferniture so she could keep and eye on them. It would be with Lulu keeping watch over the two small bees that Louie would then fetch their own breakfast. This was to have it with Lulu.
It would be after about an hour or so that Tiger and Lily would be wide awake again. The pair would then enjoy the freedom of crawling about the sundeck. All about them would be a whole new world to experience and explore. Tiger tended to be a bit of a tease at times. He would pounce on Lily from behind when she was least expecting it. This would be accompanied by two squeaks from Tiger and a long low protesting squeak from Lily. Lily would then run to Lulu for support. 
It would be on seeing Lily run to Lulu that Tiger would know that he had probably pushed things a little bit far. To remedy the situation he would go and place his arms about his little sister to comfort her. This clearly demonstrated that there was indeed a strong bond of much affection between the two small bees. 
It would be following breakfast that Louie and Lulu would relax on their sundeck ferniture. This was while holding each other close. It would be a time to watch the little bees at play. Tiger and Lily's favourite "play thing" was an apple seed. It was a seed that Louie had found and dried on the stove. Having been dried it had become hard and bouncy. It would be on occasions that the little bees would take turns at hiding the apple seed. This was so that the other would have to find it. The antics of the two little bees would certainly make Louie and Lulu laugh. In fact they would laugh until they had tears running down their stripes. Yes; life within the bee household was one of simplicity and happiness. They had everything they needed to make that happiness. This was in strong contrast to the world of people. Yes; it was in the world of people that there was much stress and anguish brought about by striving for things that didn't bring happiness - such as money.
It was immediately below the sundeck that there was of course the stream flowing on by. Leading down from the sundeck to the stream below there was a small path. It was a path just big enough for a bumblebee to walk down. At the end of the path was a delightful little place shaded by wild flowers. That is wild flowers such as elfin daisies, buttercups, and dandelions. In addition there was an abundance of small ferns close to the water's edge. It was at this special little place by the stream that there was a small inlet. Around the edges of the inlet there was a sandy bit that sloped gently to the water's edge. It was not unlike a small "U" shaped beach. Louie had often spent time here before he met Lulu. He had found great comfort from the simplicity and beauty of the small area. In particular this was when he had been perhaps pondering about something. The inlet has been mentioned for a reason. It was because it would be when breakfast was over and dishes had been done; Louie would take Tiger and Lily there. That is to the special little place by the stream. 
Tiger and Lily would be fascinated by the water of the inlet. They would run down and try and touch it. A single squeak would indicate that they didn't understand what it was. Lily managed to get one up on Tiger. This was when she found that with a quick flick of a foot she could splash Tiger. Great fun she thought! As a result there would be a puzzled look on Tiger's face. This would be accompanied by the utterance of an indignant low squeak!
Louie and Lulu would recline on some soft moss beneath the shade of a fern to watch over their two small bees. Tiger and Lily's antics would fill Louie and Lulu with absolute delight. They would hold each other very closely. This was while thinking just how fortunate they were to have had Tiger and Lily come into their lives. 
It would be on occasions at this early stage that Tiger or Lily would exercise their wings. The tiny little appendages were by no means fully grown yet. The little mites would "power up" their wings for all they were worth. At times they would almost lift off. This was before they would fall over and land upside down on their backs. Louie and Lulu would smile while suppressing a need to laugh. Instead of laughter there would be words to praise and encouragement given to the little bees in their endeavours.  It could be seen by progress being made that it wouldn't be too long before they could fly. 
It would be on occasions that Tiger and Lily would come running up from the inlet. Their reason for doing so would be that in their little minds it was felt that it would be a good idea to jump on Mum and Dad. This was in case they had gone to sleep. Of course the little rascals were simply held tightly and squeezed. This was with the love and feelings Louie and Lulu had for them. It would be then that maybe they would all lie in the shade of a fern together. This was until something else caught Tiger and Lily's attention. 
Something else that the small bees enjoyed while being down by the stream was a sycamore leaf that Louie had found. The leaf in question had been dried by the sun. As a result the edges had curled to make a form of boat. Louie would push the leaf out onto the calm waters of the inlet; it floated beautifully. It would be while Louie held the leaf; this was while standing at the water's edge; that Lulu would place Tiger and Lily on it. Louie would then push the leaf up and down the length of the inlet with the two bees aboard. Yes it has to be stated yet again. It was in the bee household that blissful pleasure was gained from the simplest of things. 
Of course it would be as midday approached; this was in particular when down by the stream; that squeaks from Tiger and Lily would become more frequent. It would mean that it was time to go back up to the house for lunch. It would be following lunch that Tiger and Lily would become sleepy again. It would then be time to place them back in their cradle and let them sleep for the afternoon. 
Something that Tiger and Lily enjoyed immensely was this. It would be each day; usually late afternoon before tea; that they would be encouraged to climb onto their parent's backs. This was outside on the sundeck. Louie would have Tiger and Lulu Lily. Having ensured that the little bees were hanging on tight; Louie and Lulu would then carefully power up their wings and lift off. On the first day it was a short distance above the sundeck and then straight down again. Each time they did it, Louie and Lulu would say, "Time for a fly". It has to be said that the two little bees revelled this business of climbing on Mum or Dad's back and going for a fly. It was great fun. Louie and Lulu after a few days of encouragement and practicing were then able to fly a short distance along the stream with their children.
Something important occurred two days before New Year's Eve. It was when the family happened to be out on the sundeck following breakfast. Lulu noticed it first. She said to Louie. 'Louie did you hear that? I believe that Tiger said something'.
Louie and Lulu listened. Yes; Lulu had been right. Tiger was trying to say something. 
'I know what it is', Louie then said. 'It's fairly indistinct but he is trying to say "Time for a fly'''.
'You're right Louie!' Lulu exclaimed. 'Tell you what; if we are going to go for a fly; let's phone Pearl and take them up to see her'.
Louie phoned Pearl. It was with a degree of excitement that he said. 'Could Lulu and I join you for lunch; and bring two small bees with us?'
'Really! That's wonderful', Pearl responded. 'Are they flying with you already? By all means come on up. I would love to see you all'.
Louie duly packed a bracken basket with some chocolate cake for Pearl together some honey nectar. This was not to mention two of the special honeycomb cell feeding bottles filled with dandelion milk.
It was at the time of having made the decision to see Pearl that Tiger and Lily happened to be playing on the sundeck. Louie only had to say "Time for a fly" once. It was like a shot that the two little bees were up on the backs of Louie and Lulu. They were then ready and anxious to go.
It was when the four bees were about to depart that Lulu said. 'It's such a nice day Louie. Let's take Tiger and Lily down to the village and back. That is before we head back to Pearl's apartment'.
'Great idea', Louie agreed. 'It would be good experience for Tiger and Lily'.
Louie and Lulu then stood side by side on the sundeck; this was in readiness to depart. It was with their wings at idle power that they checked that Tiger and Lily were securely in place. They were. The two little blighters liked to snuggle down in the soft fur of their parents.
With all being well; Louie pronounced with much enthusiasm. 'Let's go!'.
The pair lifted off. Louie was looking at Lulu and smiling. Tiger and Lily were uttering a combination of squeaks and unintelligible words. This was as Louie and Lulu descended to stream level before flying off in the direction of the village.
It was on the way to the village that Louie and Lulu took the opportunity to circle over the Nest Café. This was together with the Hotel Babbleon. It was as they did that Lulu called out to Louie. 'Before we go to Pearl's place; let's take Tiger and Lily on a Duck Paddle cruise'.
'Great idea', Louie agreed. 'You descend first Lulu'.
Louie and Lulu with the two little bees aboard landed outside Duck Paddle Cruises. They then boarded a duck; this time it was the twin paddle MV Stream Princess; for a half hour cruise. It was in fairness to Pearl that Louie phoned her to let her know that it would be about an hour before they would arrive. Yes; it has to be said what a wonderful piece of technology the smellphone was.
Tiger and Lily loved the cruise. It was an ideal time for Louie and Lulu to talk to Tiger and Lily about things that could be seen along the stream bank. It has to be said that with time having moved on to two days before New Year's Eve; there was a strong bond in place within the bee family. Much happiness reigned. 
Once the cruise along the stream was over it was full speed off to Pearl's apartment. Pearl was exceedingly glad to see them all. Pearl hadn't seen them since Christmas morning. Somehow it seemed to be weeks that had passed and not days.
It has to be said that Tiger and Lily were absolutely intrigued with Pearl's apartment. It simply had to be explored. Pearl didn't mind in the least. It gave her much pleasure to witness Tiger and Lily's antics. This was as they got under, into, over, and around everything in sight.
It was ultimately that Pearl Louie and Lulu made their way out onto Pearl's sundeck. It was here that they relaxed with some red wine prior to having lunch. This was while Tiger and Lily carried on with further exploration work. It was following lunch that the two little bees had become sleepy once more. As a result they curled up together in a sunny corner of Pearl's sundeck. This was while Louie Lulu and Pearl talked and relaxed on into the afternoon.
It was towards the end of the afternoon that Pearl made a suggestion. 'I don't know how you two feel but how about we all go up to the cave for New Year's Eve. That is the day after tomorrow. I could phone Virgil and ask him as well as Virginia to join us. They could carry the necessary supplies. Louie I'd suggest that either you or Lulu phone Import and see if the Ten Ants would like to join us as well'.
'Yes! Yes! What a great idea', Louie and Lulu chorused in unison.
 Pearl continued by saying. 'With Tiger and Lily having now progressed to the stage of flying with you; it would be an important experience for them. It would be something that they will never forget. It will be a great learning about life itself'.
So it was that first of all Louie phoned Import. Yes; the Ten Ants were exceedingly keen and excited about the whole idea. 
Pearl also phoned Virgil. Just as Pearl knew it would be; Virgil also thought it would be a great idea. In fact Virgil thanked Pearl for such a brilliant suggestion. He had also said. 'Bring anything you want to take with you over to the hangar tomorrow. Tell Import and the other ants to do the same. We'll load up in the interim before heading off the following day'.
Pearl then suggested. 'Virgil; shall we make it we meet at 9.30 a.m at your hangar? That is the day after tomorrow'.
 'Yes that will be fine Pearl', Virgil confirmed. 'Virginia and I will look forward to it; and to meeting Tiger and Lily'.
Pearl ended the call. She then turned to Louie and Lulu. It was with a sparkle in her eyes that she said. 'It's all settled team; 9.30 a.m. at Virgil's hangar on the morning of New Year's Eve. We can all be together again just like it was over two years ago. This time though we will have Lulu Tiger and Lily with us'.
 'Well Pearl', Louie said with a laugh. 'Now that our trip away is all settled we must take these two back home before they completely wreck your place'. 
Pearl smiled and said. 'No Louie; they are absolutely no bother. They are a delight to have here'. 
Pearl looked at the two small bees. It was with a smile on her face that she reflected something to herself. This was on how it had been the correct decision for Louie and Lulu to take Tiger and Lily. It was particularly so following the tragic death of their parents. Tiger and Lily who might not have survived were now certainly going to have a wonderful life with Louie and Lulu. 
'Thanks for having us all Pearl', Louie said as they were about to depart. 'I'll give Import another call when we get home. I'll confirm time and arrangements with him then. We had better get these two home. Apart from wrecking your place Pearl they are getting hungry!'
It was just before leaving that Lulu went up to Pearl. She whispered in her ear. 'You have made Louie and me so happy; you wonderful moth'.
Pearl whispered to Lulu in return. 'Tiger and Lily just couldn't have better parents'. This was while giving Lulu a squeeze of affection. 
It was as Louie and Lulu headed for the door that Louie said. 'Watch this Pearl'. Louie then called out. 'Time for a fly!' It was then as if by magic that two little creatures jumped on the backs of their parents. Once in position they were holding on tightly in readiness to fly home.
Pearl laughed. She then called out 'See you two at Virgil's hangar the day after tomorrow. I just know we are all going to have a wonderful time'.
Louie and Lulu flew on home. Their hearts were simply bursting with happiness. What a great idea of Pearl's it had been.
Pearl watched the four disappear off into the distance. She smiled to herself as she heard little squeaks and other noises diminish as separation became greater. Pearl's heart was full of happiness too. 

 Chapter 24
The Cave Is Revisited

We now move onto the day before New Year's Eve. It's about midmorning as we take up our story. At this point in time Louie and Lulu; this is together with Tiger and Lily; have made several trips to Virgil's hangar. Each trip they made they were loaded up with essentials for the trip away to the cave. Virgil had then proceeded to put what the bees had brought into one of his containers. Pearl dropped by with her stuff in the morning too. The Ten Ants brought their stuff over later on in the afternoon.
It was when Tiger and Lily had first clapped eyes on Virgil that they had run to their parents. This was to hang on for dear life. Virgil had appeared to be so terrifyingly big! Even so, it was following a bit of tender reassurance; and repeating several times that "Virgil won't hurt you"; the two little bees gained the necessary confidence. The trouble was with confidence having been gained that Tiger and Lily wanted to climb all over Virgil. The somewhat stern utterance by Louie of 'No Tiger, No Lily' soon sorted that out
It was interesting to note with the two small bees that although they couldn't yet understand what Louie was saying; they knew by the intonation of his voice that climbing on Virgil; especially when he was busy; was not the best of things to do. It was then on having been warned that there were self scolding utterances from the pair that sounded something like "naughty bee". In quite clearly knowing that they should not be "naughty bees" they stood side by side looking at Virgil in absolute awe.  
Virgil laughed and said. 'It's OK Louie; come here Tiger come here Lily'. Tiger and Lily then looked back at their parents for approval. This was with mischievousness written all over their little faces. So it was with a smile and complete capitulation by Louie as well as Lulu; Virgil became fair game for two small bees to climb all over him. They thought Virgil was something very special. To them he was a gentle giant.
Virgil felt honoured to have become the centre of attention. Accordingly he pre-empted Tiger and Lily's desire to climb all over him. He gently lifted the pair onto his back. Virginia then came over to gently stroke and cosset Tiger and Lily. She laughed at the utterances of squeaks of happiness. It has to be said that Tiger and Lily with their delightful cuteness made everybody happy.
It was great for Louie and Lulu to have placed all they were taking on the trip in Virgil's container. All Louie and Lulu now needed to bring the following morning were Tiger and Lily. It was as an afterthought that Louie even suggested. 'Maybe we should put Tiger and Lily in the container now. It would save us a lot of hassles in the morning!'
'Louie!' Lulu exclaimed; this was while giving Louie a friendly smack. 'You naughty mischievous bee! Surely you don't mean it'.
'Sorry Lulu. You know I don't mean it! Of course they're coming with us. In fact the highlight of tomorrow will be these two little blighters coming with us and being with us!'
Louie held Lulu close to him for a moment. She whispered in his ear. 'You make me so happy. We are going to have such a good time tomorrow'.
It was following the final trip to bring all the gear to the hangar that Louie and Lulu thanked Virgil and Virginia for their trouble. They then headed back home with Tiger and Lily to take it easy for the remainder of the day. It would be good to rest up before returning again in the morning. They needed to be fresh because there was much flying to be done..
****
The day of New Year's Eve dawned fine and clear. The bee household was up and about at 7.00 a.m as usual. It was first of all that Tiger and Lily; this was with a small degree of protest; had their teeth washed and their bodies brushed by Lulu. They were then given their breakfast and made ready for the day ahead. The pair of small bees knew that something exciting was about to happen but they didn't quite know exactly what.
It was with Tiger and Lily having been attended to that Louie and Lulu then had their breakfast out on the sundeck. It was while they did that Tiger and Lily scampered about the place exercising their tiny partly formed wings. There were the usual utterances of unintelligible "words" peppered with squeaks. The two small bees were indeed excited.
It was at close to 9.15a.m when everybody in the bee household was ready to depart. Louie then said the magic words; that is 'Time for a fly'. The two little bees were then within an instant in position on their parent's backs. Louie and Lulu on having checked that Tiger and Lily were safely in position lifted off to fly to Virgil's hangar. 
It was when the four bees had arrived at Virgil's hangar that Pearl was already there. This was together with the Ten Ants. The Ten Ants not unnaturally presented something new to Tiger and Lily. It was a case of Tiger and Lily circling about the Ten Ants at a safe distance. This was while uttering what had come to be known as "What have we got here noises' - that is until any fear had disappeared. Having satisfied themselves that the Ten Ants were quite harmless, it was then that Tiger and Lily gave each of the ants a big hug. The Ten Ants were delighted. This was especially so in being not that much smaller than Tiger and Lily. Yes; it was in no time that they were all the best of friends.
Pearl joined Louie and Lulu to watch Tiger and Lily interacting with the Ten Ants. She made the comment. 'Isn't that just marvellous to see them getting on so well together'. It was to further the "Getting on so well together" business that Louie had brought the dried apple seed with them. It was soon that the Ten Ants were throwing it for Tiger and Lily to chase and catch. Tiger and Lily flapped their tiny wings while running and scooting about the place with much agility and speed. This was to the delight of everyone in attendance.
It was by 9.30a.m that Virgil had the main container attached to his fuselage. Virginia was taking a smaller container. On that basis there was plenty of cargo space to take what could be described as being "heaps" of stuff. It was when departure was imminent that Virgil made his usual boarding call for the Ten Ants. This was with Deodor and Flatual seated in rows nine and ten. With the Ten Ants safely aboard, Virgil then called everybody around for flight instructions.
'What I have decided is this'; Virgil announced in his captain of an aircraft sort of voice, 'We have our leader and Queen in our midst. I suggest on this occasion that Pearl should lead the way'.
Everybody cheered and agreed. Yes; everyone in attendance owed so much to Pearl. 'I would be honoured', Pearl had responded with much modesty.
'Right that's settled', Virgil confirmed. 'Pearl, while you lead the way I will be following immediately behind. Next will be Louie and Lulu with Tiger and Lily aboard. Virginia will follow at the rear to ensure the safety of Louie and Lulu with Tiger and Lily. Please can we all line up now as indicated in readiness for takeoff'. 
It was as per Virgil's instructions that Pearl moved out onto the take off area. She was at the front to lead the team of insects. Virgil then positioned himself behind Pearl. Louie and Lulu called Lily and Tiger aboard and moved in behind Virgil. Virginia lined up at the rear. It was once everybody was in position that Virgil announced. 'All smellphones on speaker mode please'. Virgil then tested that everybody could communicate. 
It was in readiness for takeoff that Virgil had his wings idling at 1,500 r.p.m. He requested that the others do the same. Louie and Lulu with wings idling as directed then checked that Tiger and Lily were safe and secure. Virginia was behind in readiness to follow.
'Everybody ready for takeoff?' Virgil called over the smellphones. Yes everybody was ready. The Ten Ants had stopped chattering and were eager to go.
'Pearl', Virgil then called. 'You are our captain. Now that we are in position we will all takeoff behind you on your command'.
'Thank you Virgil', Pearl responded on taking control. 'After takeoff we will fly at stream level. Follow me to the falls. I will count down from ten to takeoff'. Pearl felt very honoured indeed to be in control.
Pearl counted slowly down from ten to zero. Virgil and Virginia increased power just as did Louie and Lulu. Tiger and Lily were hanging on tight. 
'Takeoff!' Pearl announced. 'Follow me!'
What a wonderful sight it was. This was to see the insects lift off with Pearl Baker-Moth leading the way. The two magnificent dragon flies had engaged full power to lift their heavy loads. Louie and Lulu with two happy little creatures on their backs had moved in behind Virgil to fly side by side. The team was off. The Ten Ants were cheering as Virgil moved to fly low over the stream.  It was away up the stream that they went. This was for a well deserved trip away for the night. 
It was once flying in the designated formation that Pearl checked communications with the others. 'Moth to squadron; Moth to squadron; everyone alright back there?' Yes everyone was fine.
It was then that Pearl announced. 'Moth to squadron; Moth to squadron; increasing speed to twenty knots. Maintaining twenty feet above the stream'.
It would be remembered of course that insects had small feet so twenty feet was in fact quite close to the surface of the stream. Knots in the insect world were derived from the speed at which a centipede could run. At twenty knots a centipede was likely to end up with twenty of its one hundred legs in a knot. Yes; it was quite a good way for the insects to measure speed.
Louie and Lulu were on a high. Ahead of them they could see the Ten Ants seated inline on top of Virgil. The happy little creatures were waving and chattering amongst themselves. Louie and Lulu would glance frequently at one another. They would also frequently check the precious little bundles in place on their backs. This was where Tiger and Lily were snuggled down into the furry bodies of their parents. It was behind Louie and Lulu that they could hear the powerful beating of the wings of Virginia. It was comforting to know she was there to watch over them. Well done Virgil for thinking of positioning her there.
It was on up the stream that the five flew in a tight formation. Pearl duly turned right at the fork. It was then up the rapids and on to the falls that she flew. The team followed without a hitch. It was just before arriving at the falls that Pearl announced. 'Reducing speed to ten knots. Louie and Lulu please circle overhead with me to allow Virgil and Virginia to land first'.
It was just as had been directed by Pearl that Virgil and Virginia landed first. They had parked well up on the flat piece of rock. This was so that Pearl Louie and Lulu could land safely with plenty of room. It was immediately on landing that it was just as it had been on the previous occasion. The Ten Ants rushed to the pool edge while chattering with much excitement amongst themselves.
It was initially that Tiger and Lily remained with their parents. This was until they had been reassured that the falls with their massiveness and noise were nothing to be frightened of. Louie and Lulu had while pointing to the falls explained to Tiger and Lily; this was best they could; as to what they were. They both held Tiger and Lily while they did. The "holding business" soon sorted it out so that assurance was gained.
It was with confidence restored that Tiger and Lily then ran off to join the Ten Ants at the edge of the pool. Yes; the Ten Ants were by this time Tiger and Lily's best buddies. It was a happy little scene down at the water's edge. Louie and Lulu were happy too. This was because they knew only too well the Ten Ants would watch over Tiger and Lily.
It was just as it had been with the trip two years earlier that Pearl had brought her Thermoth. On that basis they all sat on a soft mossy bit to have a hot cup of gum leaf tea. Lulu served up chocolate cake and some pollen biscuits. They were yummy pollen biscuits that she had freshly made the day before. Of course as soon as chocolate cake was mentioned; the Ten Ants Tiger and Lily were back from the edge of the pool as quick as lightening. 
Tiger and Lily munched on little bits of chocolate cake. Yes they were starting to take solids now - gosh really? Tiger liked to dunk his chocolate cake in his dandelion milk. It was accordingly that he made many utterances of "Yum" sorts of noises. It didn't take long for his sister to catch on to the idea of dunking her chocolate cake too.
It has to be said that just as it was supposed to; most of the chocolate cake and dandelion milk ended up in the mouths of the two little blighters. However it also has to be said that a proportion of it didn't. It was on that basis that some of the yellow stripes of the pair had taken on a distinct autumn toning. That is until Lulu had cleaned them down by the pool. Yes the two little bees provided plenty of happy entertainment and laughter for the others in the party.
It was when time had moved on and it was time to depart that Pearl as squadron leader called everybody to order. She knew that if they timed it right they would be able to see the light in the chamber at 11.00 a.m. So it was with the morning tea essentials packed away; Pearl led the way up to the top of the falls. It was here as would be remembered that they flew into the cave from which the water for the falls emerged. It was on entering the near darkness of the cave that Tiger and Lily became somewhat subdued. They continued to remain quiet as the team circled for a few minutes. This was so that their eyes became accustomed to the lack of light. It was when the insects were able to see satisfactorily that it was time to enter the tunnel. That is the glow-worm lit tunnel that led on into the depths of the hill. First it was to the cave with the light; then it was on to their ultimate destination. 
Pearl had announced over her smellphone; this was while circling in the cave. 'Moth to squadron; entering the tunnel now. Follow me in designated order'.  
It was then with safety uppermost in their minds that the others followed as directed. 
Tiger and Lily expressed much excitement on catching sight of the myriads of glow worms lining the tunnel. It was because of their newly acquired liking for chocolate cake that at such times of excitement a new sound was being uttered. For all intents and purposes it sounded like "Cake, cake!"
'No, glow worms you two!' Louie had said with a laugh. 
It was on having made their way through the first segment of tunnel; this was into the chamber where the special light would be witnessed; the insects landed. This was on soft sand to sit and wait. Louie and Lulu sat close to Tiger and Lily who had by this time dismounted from their parents. Lulu then whispered softly to the pair. 'Wait and watch. Something special is about to happen. It's even more special than cake'.
Sure enough, the "More special than chocolate cake" thing did happen. No matter how often the insects had seen the phenomenon, it never failed to bring about absolute silence. That was until Tiger who was watching in awe said something like. 'More cake?' It made everyone laugh. Quite frankly Tiger didn't really know what it was that he had said. He clung to his father for reassurance just in case he had said something wrong.
The shaft of intensely bright sunlight lasted a matter of a few minutes. It was then gone as quickly as it had come. Tiger and Lily duly rubbed their eyes in an attempt to adjust to the dark again. It had been a bit scary not being able to see Mum and Dad. It was when everybody had readjusted to the reduced light that Pearl called for takeoff. The two little bees climbed aboard Louie and Lulu. On Pearl's command the insects followed her on up to the top of the chamber. This was as would be remembered where the second tunnel commenced. It was then on to the cave that looked out over the sea.
Even though the insects; that is apart from Tiger and Lily; had flown through the tunnels before, it was always a thrill to do it again. It was a unique world where because of their size it could only be enjoyed by them. Everyone was silent as they sped along. All that could be heard was the combination of the fluttering of a moth, the beating dragonfly wings as well as buzzing of bumblebee wings. The only other sound was the rush of water with a waterfall or two. The glow worms either side of the insects appeared to rush past like shooting stars. Louie had reached out to hold Lulu's hand while flying at speed alongside each other. Their hearts were full of the love they had for one another - not to mention the love that they felt for the two little bees on their backs.
It was following about half an hour of flying that Pearl announced. 'Moth to squadron; we are about to enter the cave. Slowing to five knots; prepare for the sudden change from dark to light'.
It was just as Pearl had announced that the cave they had come to was suddenly upon them. The bright blue of the sea and sun shining outside the cave entrance blinded the insects momentarily. Pearl had control and announced. 'Louie Lulu you land first with me. Virgil and Virginia; please circle and hold outside the cave entrance over the sea until Tiger and Lily are safely in position'.
'Roger', Virgil had said on behalf of Virginia and himself.
Louie Lulu and Pearl landed safely on the sandy bit to the left of the pool. When they had they then vacated the area for Virgil and Virginia to land.
'All clear to land Virgil and Virginia', Pearl called on her smellphone.
'Robert', Virgil had said in response to Pearl. Virgil in being the type of dragonfly he was had thought other names besides "Roger" might as well be used. That aside; Virgil and Virginia duly landed safely and detached their containers. 
Oh yes; it was so good to be back at the cave again. Louie and Pearl smiled at one another. Each was quietly reminiscing about the time they had been to the cave some two years before. Louie hadn't met Lulu then. Yes; much had changed over the two years.
Virgil went over to Pearl and congratulated her on controlling the flight in. 'Well-done Pearl', he pronounced. 'Thanks for that; couldn't have done better myself'.
'Thanks Virgil', Pearl responded. 'Only too glad to be of assistance!'
The first thing to address was lunch. Tiger and Lily had; this was with various "where's the food" type noises; let everybody know that this was probably the best course of action.
Pearl and Lulu duly organised the food. Having done so, they all sat on the soft sand that was close to the mouth of the cave. It was from there that there was a spectacular view to be had out over the sea. Tiger and Lily stayed quite close to their parents. To them it was quite scary being so far above something that looked so strange and blue. That is in being in a cave high up a cliff face above the sea.
It was following lunch that Tiger and Lily became quite sleepy. It was accordingly that Lulu put the pair up on one of the sandy ledges to have a sleep for an hour or so. It was following their sleep that Tiger and Lily then joined the Ten Ants at the pool. Here  they splashed around at the edge under the watchful eye of Louie and Lulu. The splashing about bit served a purpose. It did an excellent job of removing any remnants of chocolate cake and dandelion milk from their black and yellow stripes.
Pearl had joined Louie and Lulu. They sat together relaxing for most of the afternoon while Tiger and Lily played with the Ten Ants. Louie Lulu and Pearl talked much about the past year. In particular this was in relation to the quartz and what they had been able to achieve. It was while the three talked that Virgil and Virginia went for a fly outside the cave. In particular this was gliding in updrafts off the sea. There was an onshore breeze providing much in the way of updrafts as the air made its way up the cliffs. It was something the two dragonflies really enjoyed doing together. It was magic to them. 
It was at about 6.00p.m that Louie and the Ten Ants; this was with a little help from Tiger and Lily; had piled up some of the sticks from the seagull's nest. This was in readiness for a fire to sit around in the evening. Just as it had been two years earlier; the pile of sticks had been setup close to the entrance of the cave.
It was at close to 7.00p.m that Virgil and Virginia came in from their afternoon of flying. The fire was then lit with some of Louie's Beehive Matches. It was time for some red wine; not to mention chocolate cake. There was also plenty of honey nectar for the Ten Ants.
Tiger and Lily were fascinated by the fire. What was this thing with bright yellow flames that gave off much heat and made crackling noises? Louie and Lulu endeavoured to explain that it was something to be respected and not to go too close.
It had certainly been a wonderful day. It was in front of the fire that Virgil and Virginia talked of when they had been out gliding. They happened to mentioned how they had gone all the way down the cliff to just above the sea. Something else they mentioned was that at the bottom of the cliff; this was quite close to the sea, they had found another cave much larger than the one they were in. They were both excited by the prospect that there maybe access via tunnels from the other side - that is the streamside of the hills. It was something to be investigated another time.
It was following the evening meal that everybody propped themselves up on the sand. This was in front of the fire to watch the dancing flames. Louie passed around a few more glasses of his famous honey nectar. Talking and chatter flowed with the consumption of the nectar. It would be every so often that Louie would place more wood on the fire. It would be as a consequence that sparks would fly upwards into the darkness. It would be not unlike a fireworks display. At such times; Tiger and Lily would jump for joy. This was while pointing skywards and squeaking with excitement. Actually Louie had thought that Tiger had said something along the lines of "more glow worms!"
It was by this time that beyond the fire; this was out from the cave entrance; that the blackness of night could be seen. The sun had long disappeared below the horizon. In its place were myriads of stars. The flames of the fire lit up the cave. As a result there was dancing orange light intermingled with shadows across the walls. The insects had a good feeling. There was a feeling of excitement and anticipation about the year ending and a new one beginning. Virgil had remembered to bring his ten megapixie fidgetal camera with him. He spent some time capturing the magical moments of this particular night. In being a fidgetal camera he spent more time fiddling than taking pictures. Even so; he managed to get a couple of good pictures of the occasion.
Something that wasn't well known was that Virgil and Virginia were quite musical dragonflies. Virgil had in fact spent many years learning to play the triangle. It was apart from Virgil's triangle talents that he and Virginia had beautiful singing voices. It was at the appropriate moment that the pair broke into song. It was a perfect two part harmony type song. Everybody clapped at the rendition. This included the two small bees with their ever so tiny little hands.
Virgil and Virginia on having made quite an impression then went on to sing a song where everyone could join in. It was wonderful; it was magic. Virgil gave the instructions to all in attendance for rhythm participation. It was to accompany a special song about two small bees that he and Virginia had put together for the occasion.
The accompaniment to the special song went something like this. Pearl was to flutter when instructed. In turn the bees were to buzz and the ants to clap. The result was along the lines of a repetitive "buzz buzz flutter clap". Yea! Virgil had them all going while conducting the group with a stick from the pile of firewood.
'Come on louder, I want to hear you', Virgil called. This was with a large dragonfly type grin across his face. 'Come on; more buzz buzz flutter clap please.
'Louder!' Virgil called while waving his stick of firewood baton.
"BUZZ BUZZ FLUTTER CLAP"!
'That's better: that's what I want to hear!' Virgil called.
It was then in having the group at full swing that Virgil and Virginia broke into song. The words of the song went a little like this. It was something quite special that was sung many times over.

'Louie was a bee of modest means that lived quite close to a stream.
He lived by himself in a little house and little did he dream.
That a beautiful bee named Lulu would come into his life.
They would fall in love to then become two bees as husband and wife.

Oh Louie and Lulu. (Chorus)
The best bees in the world.
We love you both just oh so much.
Of you we feel so proud.

For Louie and for Lulu when living as husband and wife,
There was something sadly missing that they needed in their life.
Although it seemed impossible and possibly even silly,
They wished for two little baby bees and along came Tiger and Lily.

Oh Louie and Lulu. (Chorus)
The best bees in the world.
We love you both just oh so much.
Of you we feel so proud'.

A couple of buzz buzzes were missed from the buzz buzz flutter clap sequence. This was while Louie and Lulu held each other very tightly. They did so with tears streaming down their furry stripes. It was as a part of the moment that they picked up Tiger and Lily to hold the two little mites. It was with much joy that the two small bees were both squeaking and clapping their little hands. The missing out of the "buzz buzz" bit didn't matter in the slightest. This was because the Ten Ants replaced them with some extra clapping. Yes; it was one wonderful New Year's Eve.
Virgil and Virginia sang a number of songs. Included in their repertoire was "Puff The Magic Dragonfly". This was as well as "Michael Rowed The Boat Aground" - silly Michael. Then things really got going when Virgil and Virginia sang and "did" the "Beeswax Boogie".  It was subsequently when romantic songs were being sung that Louie and Lulu danced. This was as the light of the flames of the fire flickered about the walls of cave and across the ceiling. The fire was raging to the extent that it was not unlike a bright sun situated in the black of the cave entrance. The insects became lost in another world.
It was at one point that Louie whispered to Lulu. 'Sit with Tiger and Lily for a moment while I go and ask Pearl to dance'.
Lulu squeezed Louie for his thoughtfulness. She then went and sat down with Tiger and Lily. This was so that the three could then watch Louie and Pearl.
Louie on asking Pearl for a dance bowed before her and said. 'Please dance with me your highness'. 
'My pleasure sire!' Pearl responded with a smile. 
Louie and Pearl danced beautifully. It has to be said that the beautiful moth that Pearl was looked not unlike something from Duck Lake - or was it Swan Lake. It was one or the other anyway. Everybody clapped when the pair had finished their routine. It was then that Louie held Pearl at arm's length for a moment. It was as he did he looked into her beautiful eyes. It was with much feeling that he said. 'You wonderful moth; thank you for everything. We all owe you so much'.
Oh dear, what a wonderful evening it was. Emotions were running high. This was with the feelings and comradeship the insects shared. There was such a strong bond between them all.
It was ultimately that the hour of midnight was approaching. Tiger and Lily were looking up expectantly at their parents. They were wondering what might happen next. They were far too excited to sleep even though it was way past their bed time.
 It was a few minutes before midnight that Virgil said to Louie. 'Pile some more wood on the fire Louie'. 
Louie and the Ten Ants did as Virgil had bid. It was as a result that the flames went high. Shadows and flickering orange light from the flames danced about the cave walls with much greater intensity. It was with the fire blazing away to the maximum that Virgil and Virginia then moved to where the two containers were situated. There was a mystique about the pair in being lit up by the flames. Virgil and Virginia then commenced to beat their wings on top of the containers. They did so in a rhythm that to a person would have sounded like something from the African jungle. It was in time to the rhythm that Virgil and Virginia then chanted a count down to the magic hour. It was at midnight that there was a resounding "Yea!" Everybody cheered. It was the New Year!
It was when midnight had come and gone that the insects then sat down in front of the fire again. They sat in near silence while watching the flames that in effect belonged to the previous year die down. 
 Tiger and Lily had their little arms tightly in place around their parents' necks. The two little blighters had dropped off to sleep. In fact it wasn't long until tiredness overtook all the insects. Soon they were all sound asleep!
It was ultimately that the fire died. There was no moon this particular night. Even so, the black sky was ablaze with stars. It had certainly been a wonderful experience for all who were present. Most of all though; Tiger and Lily had enjoyed an experience that they would remember for the rest of their lives.
****
The following morning breakfast was made. It was over breakfast that the much refreshed insects talked of the pending New Year and what it might bring. Yes; there was much that would happen. Thanks to Pearl and her cleverness the insect community would continue to survive - as will be seen
The insects reluctantly departed about mid morning on New Year's Day. This was to head on home. It wasn't quite as exciting as it had been arriving the day before. This time Virgil led the team home. He took them out through the opening in the roof of the special chamber. It was then a high speed run; this was at fifty knots plus; down the slopes of the western hills. It was on past the falls and on home along the stream again. It was a beautiful sunny day. The rush of air at such speed was exhilarating. The Ten Ants that were in place on Virgil "yahooed" and "yippeed" all the way! 
It was on nearing home that Louie and Lulu called out a "goodbye" to Virgil and Virginia. This was when they veered away to land at the hangar. Pearl accompanied Louie and Lulu for a short distance before heading up to her apartment. 
'Happy New Year to you all', Pearl had said as she headed away.
'You too Pearl, see you soon', Louie and Lulu responded.
Louie and Lulu landed on the sundeck outside their precious little home by the stream. They both felt a little flat after having such a good time up at the cave. It was all over.  Another year was beginning. Who knew what it would bring. The joy of Christmas had come and gone. What a very special Christmas it had been. Louie held Lulu close to him. The little bees in turn clung to their parents. Louie looked into Lulu's eyes. It was with somewhat moist eyes of his own that he said. 'Lulu I love you so much. It is so good to be home and safe again with you Tiger and Lily. We couldn't have had a better Christmas and New Year - thanks to Pearl making the suggestion'.
'I know Louie', Lulu responded while looking up at Louie. 'Nothing could ever replace what we have here. Look at these two wee mites; they love us so much'.
'Come on my bee', Lulu then continued. 'We have got another week of holiday before the Factory starts up again. We are going to enjoy every minute of it'.
'You are right my Lulu', Louie said while lifting Lulu off her feet and squeezing her. 'This is the first day of the rest of our lives. Today is not only the first day of the New Year but it is a new beginning for us all!'
Louie and Lulu; this was as well as Tiger and Lily; moved to the edge of the sundeck. It was from there that while leaning on the railing that they looked down at the stream below them. It was somehow that the stream was a mentor to Louie and Lulu. It flowed on quietly by without any worry or fuss. It was how they wanted their lives to be.
'Let's take some lunch down to the inlet at the stream edge', Lulu suggested at length. 'It's another beautiful day. Tiger and Lily can splash around in the water. We can sit and watch them.
'Yes let's', Louie agreed with a sigh of pleasure.
Lulu went and put together a lunch. This was of hard boiled spider eggs, pollen biscuits, chocolate cake, and of course some dandelion milk for Tiger and Lily.
The four bees began the New Year by spending a very happy afternoon amongst flowers and ferns down at the water's edge. It was a paradise.
****
Louie and Lulu relaxed and enjoyed the remaining week of holiday with Tiger and Lily. It rained on a couple of days. The remaining time was spent at the inlet that was down the little track by the stream.
The week of living in blissful carefree paradise of course eventually came to an end. The Factory was due to start operating again. This time things weren't going to be quite the same. Louie and Lulu had discussed it and agreed that Lulu would work at the Factory two days a week. On these days Rose; this was the Rose who used to be Louie's dishwasher; would take care of Tiger and Lily. Yes; Rose was a very compassionate and well educated personbird. In effect she made an ideal Nanny for Tiger and Lily.
The two days a week was to be a short term arrangement. It was to be extended to five days a week when the two small bees had settled in a little more. The idea was to then have Rose educate and look after Tiger and Lily for five days a week. This was so that Lulu could be at the Factory with Louie. Yes; all was falling into place for Louie and Lulu. Happiness reigned for all concerned as the New Year began.

Chapter 25
Pearl Is Concerned

Our story now takes a change in direction. If the reader thinks that it was going to continue to be about baby bees and "lovely" warm fuzzy things they are sadly mistaken. What unfolds now is something that was deadly serious in relation to the survival of the insect community. Actually in a small way it was deadly serious in relation to the long term survival of the human race. Anyway; it was in particular that what will soon be revealed was deadly serious to Pearl. Yes; wonderful Pearl Baker-Moth who had taken it upon herself to keep the community safe. The problem that arises is dealt to with much cunningness. This is together with what has to be said was much mischievousness - especially on the part of Pearl Baker-Moth. Yes; in spite of impressions that might have been gained thus far; Pearl really was quite a naughty moth.
In taking up our story once more we recommence at a time when a little over a month has passed. That is little over a month since the fabulous time the insects had enjoyed at the cave for New Year. It's on that basis that the Factory has been operating for a month by this time. As far as the bee household is concerned; Rose was now looking after Tiger and Lily five days a week. It meant that Lulu was back working Monday to Friday with Louie at the Factory - that is doing bookkeeping stuff.
It was as young bees that Tiger and Lily were an absolute delight. Their doting parents couldn't wait to get home in the evenings to be with them. It would be if the weather was fine that Rose would have Tiger and Lily out on the sundeck waiting for their parents to return. It would then be such that Louie and Lulu; this was while flying down the stream from the Factory; could see the little bees waving to them. They would catch sight of them from some distance off. There was always much joy that would follow when the family was reunited again. The two little creatures were quite agile by this time. They would bounce up and down like little springs on sighting their parents. This was while flapping their tiny wings. It was by this time that the two little bees were pronouncing the occasional word. In particular these were words such as "Mummy", "Daddy", "Hungwy", "Don't Like", "No" and "Yes". This was about the extent of their vocabulary. Even so it was thanks to Rose's influence that it was improving all the time. 
It has to be said that Tiger and Lily were truly good little bees. They were no bother for Rose to look after. In fact she simply adored them. It was with her empathy and ability that she assisted greatly with the gradual process for them to learn about life itself. 
Rose would have usually fed Tiger and Lily by the time Louie and Lulu arrived home; that is following a day at the factory. This meant the couple could enjoy their own meal together. It would be while they did that Tiger and Lily would play and scamper about the place. It would make Louie and Lulu laugh. Yes it has to be said that life in the bee household was pretty good.
 It would be later on in the evening that Louie and Lulu would have the pleasure of putting the two little bees to bed in their cradle. When they had done so, Louie and Lulu would; this was with their arms about one another, watch the little eyes of Tiger and Lily close. There would be a few squeaky little yawns and stretching of small arms and legs. Finally it would be that the softest of snuffly sounds would indicate that the pair were indeed sound asleep. It would be before Louie and Lulu tiptoed out of the room that they would gently stroke the little heads. They would stare in wonder at the young life represented by two precious little bundles. It would be following a smile of satisfaction that Louie and Lulu would then move off to enjoy the remainder of the evening. This would either be out on the sundeck if it was warm or inside by the stove if it was cool.
It had been on several occasions in the evenings; this was in recent weeks; that Louie had opened up his gaptop. Having done so it would be then that he and Lulu would look at the photos Virgil had taken. This was up at the cave on that magic New Year's Eve. Louie and Lulu clung on to the memory of that wonderful time as they moved into the reality of the New Year. It helped to maintain an inner strength to face whatever life might throw at them.
It has to be said that at this particular time; Louie and Lulu hadn't seen Pearl for a few weeks. This was because Pearl had been really busy fulfilling her role as Queen to keep the insect community safe. Truth be known; Pearl had been spending a lot of time through the quartz merging with various people at the village council. In particular she was trying to determine what the agenda of the council was in relation to the stream where the insects lived. Pearl being Pearl had an inherent distrust of the council - just as many people did. 
The ability the insects had to merge with people had enabled Pearl to attend council meetings. It enabled her to gain knowledge of the agendas of the councillors and the associated administration. Pearl had also taken the time to merge with people in the village library. It enabled her to learn more of the history of the village amongst other things. It was ultimately that Pearl wasn't happy about what she was finding. She came to realise that it was time to act before it was too late.
It was one evening; this was after the two little bees had been put to bed; that Louie and Lulu were sitting and relaxing out on their sundeck. It was while doing so that Pearl phoned Louie. The conversation that resulted went something like this.
'Hi Louie, Pearl here. I hope I haven't disturbed Tiger and Lily by phoning you?'
'No problem', Louie replied. 'They're both sound asleep in the spare room. Lulu and I are sitting out on the sundeck watching the stream go by as the sun goes down. As you would know; it's another one of those beautiful summer evenings'.
'Yes; I think I can just make you two out', Pearl said on looking out the window of her apartment.
Louie continued the conversation by saying. 'We have both missed you Pearl. We haven't seen you for a while. I hope all is well with you'.
'Thanks Louie. Yes I have been quite busy. I wonder if I could meet with you and Lulu sometime this week. You may remember last year that I mentioned a major project we need to undertake. It has now become quite urgent to take some action. I'd like to go over it with you and Lulu. We could go to the Country Club if you would like to. I'll shout you both a meal. The only thing Louie is getting dressed up. You know what they are like there'.
'I'll just check with Lulu Pearl'. 
Lulu's response was immediate and emphatic. 'Please let's go to the Country Club Louie. Please can we?'
 The pleading look on Lulu's face had caused Louie to agree without question. This was even though he hated getting dressed up.
Louie then responded to Pearl. 'The Country Club it is Pearl. When would you like to meet?'
'That's great Louie. Could we make it next Monday? It will be quiet then. Come up to my apartment just after 11.15 a.m. We can then fly down to the railway station and hop aboard the 11.48a.m train'.
'See you then Pearl', Louie confirmed.
'Thanks Louie, give Lulu a hug from me'. 
It was when Pearl had hung up that Louie sat down beside Lulu again. He placed his arm about her before squeezing her ever so tightly. 'That was from Pearl', Louie announced.
'Well how about another one from you then Louie?' 
Louie obliged of course!
It has to be said that Lulu was glad that she and Louie were going to the Country Club. This was because she had made herself a delightful little green mini skirt with a matching top. She had made it out of pressed dandelion leaves the clever little bee that she was. Lulu was dying for an excuse to wear her new outfit - just as any female would.
****
Monday the day of meeting up with Pearl duly arrived. Louie had arranged for Import to look after the Factory. Rose was to be looking after Tiger and Lily. It was just before 11.15a.m that Louie and Lulu were ready to head for Pearl's apartment. Lulu looked just the cutest little bee in her new outfit. She looked very pretty. Louie was so very proud of her. In fact he had fallen in love with her all over again.
As for what Louie was wearing; he had put on his special spider silk shorts and braces. This was together with a natty looking green tie that Lulu had made to match her outfit. What a stunning couple!
It was when it was time to depart that Louie and Lulu said goodbye to Rose Tiger and Lily. Tiger and Lily waved to their parents as they flew off and disappeared in the direction of Pearl's apartment. It was only a couple of minutes before the two bees were there. It was good to see Pearl again.
'Come on in you two', Pearl said as she opened the door. 'My! You both look so smart! Make yourselves at home; I will be ready in a few minutes'. 
Yes; Pearl in being the Queen of the insects liked to spend time to make herself look beautiful. Aside from the application of stuff such as eyeliner, mascara, and face powder she liked to brush her wings. Then there were curlers to be removed from her feelers. Not to mention much stuff that needed to be placed in her handbag. Anyway; aside from all that; it has to be said that as a result of Pearl's efforts she was indeed the most beautiful moth in the world.
It was when Pearl was ready that the trio headed off down the stream. It was then on through the village to alight on the roof of the railway station. The three then sat on the roof in the sun. This was while they waited for the train.
It was while waiting for the train that Pearl filled in the time talking about her experiences. In particular this was while merging with people in the village library. Pearl commenced by saying. 'It's been an amazing educational experience for me at the village library. I've come to learn so much more about the planet we live on. I used to think the world extended from the hills we see in the west to somewhere past the village. Not any more. I have learnt about what the sea that we see from the cave is. Then it's across that sea; and many other seas for that matter; that there are other countries like where we live here. The planet we live on has millions upon millions of humans. I need to tell you more about this aspect sometime. It's important that I do because it relates to our future. Believe me; the powers we have been given to merge with people give us advantages that are almost beyond comprehension. I'm only filling in time now mentioning this because it is of some importance. If you two get a chance some time; go and merge with someone in the library. You will be amazed'.
Louie was about to say something when the train arrived. It was this time that the insects flew on inside the train driver's cab. They were off to the Country Club. Louie glanced at his beautiful Lulu. He couldn't help but think how much happier he felt. That is compared to the time when he had first come out for the meeting about the tunnel project. With Lulu at his side; and as his wife; he had all the confidence in the world.
It was on arrival at the Country Club that Pearl took Louie and Lulu to a special table. It was a table she had booked by the window. Sir Cada and Lady Bird were at the Club. Accordingly they came over to have a brief chat with Pearl Louie and Lulu. Lulu had nudged Louie gently. As she did she whispered in his ear. 'You are to be on your best behaviour you naughty bee'. 
All went well. Sir Cada thought it was "fwightfully" good to see Louie and Lulu again. He didn't even mention how clever his son and daughter were; or how many "degwees" they had. In fact all was very pleasant. Sir Cada and Lady Bird then went off and sat down at their table again. Pearl had sighed with relief. She smiled at Louie and Lulu without saying a word.
Glasses of honey nectar were ordered. Today the food was being served as a buffet. It meant that the three could help themselves as and when required. There was a beautiful selection of their favourites; not to mention chocolate cake.
Pearl got straight on to what she wanted to say. Deep down she was exceedingly concerned. She felt a certain amount of relief in having Louie and Lulu with her; this was to voice her concerns. It has to be said that there was a degree of urgency in her voice as she set about explaining things.
It was first of all that Pearl set about enlightening Louie and Lulu about what she had been doing in the village for the past few weeks. In particular this was in relation to the village council. First of all she gave Louie and Lulu a background on how the town politics worked. This was before moving on to what the council had been up to. The following is the gist of what Louie and Lulu came to learn.
****
As far as the publically elected council was concerned there were twelve councillors including the Mayor. Mayor Twyfle happened to be the Mayor's name. It had become apparent to Pearl that Mayor Twyfle was easily manipulated by the other eleven councillors. On that basis he was certainly no leader. How the council worked was that the twelve councillors voted on village issues. That is issues put forward by either the Mayor, individual councillors, or by submissions from the public.
A chief executive officer; this was a certain Mr Grovelmoore; subsequently implemented the courses of action agreed upon by the councillors. This was via a council staff hierarchy. It has to be said with what Pearl had gleaned; the staff under Grovelmoore's control were for want of a better description "something else". They consisted of an overly excessive number of over paid, paper shuffling, seat warmers.
It was as a means of providing a simple example of how it all worked that Pearl reverted to the Cyril Marchfart debacle. This was the council inspector who had caused a great deal of bother for Mr McFarland. Marchfart was of course simply a part of the council staff. That is staff that faithfully executed policies and duties formulated by the councillors and its executive. In the case of Marchfart and Mr McFarland; the policy being administered hadn't been about saving trees. It was a subtle means of collecting revenue via a fine. In reality the council's underlying objective was to retrieve as much money as possible from ratepayers and then squander it.  
Pearl had determined that since the beginning of the year, the village council had met twice. This was in the main to formulate and document the direction the council would take in the coming twelve months. Pearl went on to explain to Louie and Lulu how she had merged with all of the councillors at both of the meetings. It had been to Pearl's disgust that the councillors; this included Mayor Twyfle; had an underlying attitude to put their own needs first. This was without any real consideration given for the welfare of the village and its citizens. This had become obvious to Pearl when many public submissions were simply ignored. 
One thing that had really shocked Pearl was something that had been agreed upon at the first meeting. The councillors and the Mayor had all agreed that they needed to double their remuneration. This was so that what they were paid matched the private sector! Really? Pearl had thought to herself that if they wanted payment similar to the private sector then go and get a job there. It appeared to Pearl that these particular councillors had obviously failed in the private sector. This in essence was the only reason they were with the council. It was disgusting!
It had been in order to achieve the increase in remuneration; this was together with other spurious expenditure; it was going to be necessary to raise rates by twenty percent. This had been agreed to by all the councillors in five minutes flat!
As far as Pearl had been concerned; raising the rates by twenty percent could have serious implications for the insect community. Residents such as Mr McFarland in being a pensioner would in all likelihood not be able to afford such an increase. They would therefore have to sell up and move away. If Mr McFarland moved it was quite possible that the Factory would be destroyed. New owners would in all likelihood demolish the old shed where Louie and Lulu ran their operation. 
Just as has already been alluded to; Pearl had found that the culture that existed amongst the councillors was to serve their own selfish needs. It was not to serve the ratepayers who had elected them. To ease their consciences they even referred to ratepayers as customers for goodness sake! Were these guys; and gals for that matter; for real! 
In the minds of the councillors and the executive, the council was to be run as a business. It had been agreed that ratepayers were to pay for services on a user pays basis. This was even though the rates collected had paid for the services many times over. As far as the councillors were concerned; rates were to be collected to fill the trough that they and the executive had their snouts firmly entrenched in.
Something that had really concerned Pearl; this was in relation to the revenue making culture within the council; was this. The councillors felt that it would be a good idea to sell off the reserve land along the stream. The idea was to turn it into a housing development. This was totally against what ratepayers wanted. However the councillors had agreed to ignore the interests of the ratepayers. The option in relation to the reserve land was as a result then considered to be a done deal.
What really worried Pearl deeply was this. If it eventuated that the reserve land along the stream be turned into a housing development; Louie's Reserve Bank would disappear. The dollops and scents would be gone. The bank that the insect community depended upon would be no longer. Worst of all, the tunnel would no longer be accessible. The insects wouldn't then be able to go through the quartz to do good things - that is good things not only for the insect community but the people who lived in the village as well. Yes what Pearl had been discovering was very serious indeed. 
There was more. Pearl had also come to learn that the councillors had voted unanimously to spend a large amount of ratepayer's money on something else. It happened to be on a trip overseas that they had defined as being a "fact finding mission". Yes; all of the councillors were to be away for the whole of the following month. However it became obvious to Pearl that this was no "fact finding mission"; that was for sure. In essence it was simply a holiday away at the ratepayer's expense. In fact the councillors had laughed amongst themselves as to how easy it was to use ratepayer's money to their own advantage; and they considered it to be their right to do so. It was then to make matters even worse; the councillors had agreed to give Grovelmoore; this was the chief executive officer; a massive bonus. The reason for the massive bonus was to ensure that their own agendas would be executed without question! 
Pearl had subsequently uncovered another disgusting piece of human greed. It was up the stream; this was someway past Sir Cada and Lady Bird's place; that there was a large semi rural property. It was a property that had up until recently been owned by a Mrs Appleton. Her husband had died some years ago. It was following her husband's death that Mrs Appleton had lived off the land. She had grown beautiful flowers together with vegetables. In having a love of nature she had planted a fine stand of native trees as well as plants and shrubs. It was a delightful place for the insects; this was as well as birds and other small creatures; to visit on occasions. 
As far as Mrs Appleton was concerned Pearl had come to learn that she had subsequently passed away. It had happened just after Christmas. It was in her will that the property be left to the council. This was with clearly defined instructions to designate her property as additional streamside reserve land. Her intentions were for all citizens to enjoy what she had known.
The councillors in order to suit their own needs had subsequently overturned Mrs Appleton's wishes. They had done so by declaring the land to be subject to flooding. On that basis it would not be suitable as a reserve for the public. Pearl knew very well that the land had never flooded in the time the insect community had been in existence. 
It soon became apparent to Pearl that there was another agenda at work. It was an agenda that related to a certain councillor by the name of Shufflegrub. It was by devious and undercover means that he had since purchased the Appleton property off the council. He had done so for a considerably reduced sum to further his own interests. 
In order to explain what the agenda was; it needs to be known that the land that Mrs Appleton had owned was extensive and fertile. It had a beautiful home that she had meticulously maintained subsequent to the death of her husband. It was in being such an extensive and fertile piece of land that Councillor Shufflegrub had in his wisdom decided that there was money to be made in dairy farming. His intention was to run a herd of two hundred cows on the site and live there with his family. Apparently two hundred cows was only the start. With the area of land involved it could end up being one thousand or more cows at some time in the future.
This might have sounded innocuous enough in the sense that why should Pearl worry about a dairy farm. That was the thing. Pearl had to her horror discovered something disgusting and dastardly in the extreme. This was that un-notified consent had been granted by the council to run the effluent from the milking shed straight into the stream. This disgusting pollution would destroy the whole of the insect community living along the stream banks - not to mention birds and aquatic life. Even worse was the fact that this wasn't a "might happen". From what Pearl had gleaned; the milking shed had already been built. As a consequence the effluent pipe to the stream was not far off being put in place.
Pearl referred once again to the fact she had spent some considerable time in the village library. She reiterated to Louie and Lulu what an amazingly valuable source of information for the three of them it was. This was in being able to merge with various people and thus gain much information. What bore relevance to the meeting at the Country Club was that Pearl had researched the history of the village. What Pearl had found was that some thirty years earlier the village council had been run on an almost voluntary basis. In earlier times it had been an honour to serve as a councillor. Councillors in these times had the village in their hearts. They did their best to fulfil the ratepayer's wishes and to make the village a good place to be. Rates in these times had been comparatively low. There was no user pays nonsense. On that basis most services were free. Unfortunately it was as the years passed that human greed had been allowed by stealth to infiltrate the village council culture. It had done so to such an extent that now the agenda was to exploit the villagers to support a greedy few. In effect, what the council and the team of councillors had been doing via the council processes was make dishonest and immoral practices legal. They had felt it to be their absolute arrogant right to do so. 
It was finally to add insult to injury that Pearl had learnt something else. It was as part of the "greed by stealth process" that it was proposed over the following ten years to double the number of councillors. Then in turn the chief executive officer was to be replaced with a team of five highly overpaid directors. The five directors were to then report to an even more overpaid managing director. It was to obtain the necessary cooperation in this deviousness that the current chief executive officer; that is Grovelmoore; was to be the one elevated to the managing director position. The concern uppermost in Pearl's mind was where would it all end? Something had to be done to stop it.
Pearl in her wisdom could see that human greed manifesting itself in the form of legalized dishonesty would eventually destroy the insect community. This was as well as possibly the lives of the people in the village. Unfortunately it was not something that was to happen in the future. There was no time for complacency. It was happening now. 
Pearl felt much anger as she relayed to Louie and Lulu the situation she had uncovered. At times she was so angry that she was shaking with rage. It has to be said "Heaven help anyone who enrages Pearl Baker-Moth" - as we shall soon learn. Pearl spent a good hour or more explaining to Louie and Lulu just how serious the situation was. She carefully went over issues that Louie and Lulu didn't fully understand. It was when Pearl had stopped talking that there was a long silence. Pearl used the time to settle her emotions and regain her composure. Louie and Lulu used the time to reflect on what Pearl had said. It frightened them. Lulu in particular was afraid for the future of the two little bees that were at home with Rose.
Pearl on having once again composed herself broke the silence by saying. 'Come on you two. None of us have had any lunch! Let's fetch some and relax. When we have I will talk more. We need to be positive. There will always be ways around these things. I've got a few ideas already. You two can help me implement them'.
'I think we need some red wine after that lot', Louie pronounced with a sigh. 'I'll fetch us all a glass. When we have settled our nerves; let's grab our lunch'.
It was when the three were having their lunch that Pearl went on to say. 'When we were up at the cave for New Year's Eve it really struck me just how precious and wonderful our lives and our community are. We have to do everything we can to preserve what we have worked so hard for. I know only too well how happy you two are together. I can see it and feel it. As for those two little blighters Tiger and Lily; I would die before I let anything happen to them'.
Lulu reached out to Pearl and said. 'Louie and I would die for Tiger and Lily too Pearl. We 're right behind you in anything you decide to do'.
'Thank you both of you. I do need your help and support with this one. That aside I don't want you two to worry. As I said; if we think rationally and clearly there are ways around these things. We do possess tremendous powers once we are through the quartz. If we use them sensibly and with integrity we will continue to preserve what we have. Goodness only knows Louie what would have happened if you hadn't come across the blue light. That is the blue light radiating from the quartz in the tunnel. We would be history by now'.
Pearl paused for a sip of red wine. This was before going on to say. 'The problems we face immediately are difficult enough. As I said; somehow we will deal with them. Unfortunately though, this won't be the end of it. With the greed culture that now prevails in the human world there is no genuine concern for the planet itself. Most initiatives by humans to save the planet are a cover for extracting money off others - or implementing socialist political agendas. An example of this is something that I have known of for some time. In the guise of climate change being caused by the burning of fossil fuels there is a carbon tax. It's a tax that will make a few rich and many poor. It's just unbelievable.
 'Anyway; the real issue is that there are too many people on the planet. It's something I guess that will never be dealt with. The greed for money together with religious cultures will see to that. With the ever expanding human population it's eventually that we could; that is if we don't take action; be overrun by shear numbers. We will need to recognise threats early and deal with them accordingly. Some of these problems will be much greater than what we are facing right now. But again I'm sure with the powers that have been invested within the three of us we can deal with them'. 
Pearl paused for a moment before going on to say. 'Take heart in the fact that our community uses renewable energy resources. We don't pollute the planet and we don't have a culture of greed. Insects such as us should be around long after humans have destroyed themselves. We need to be strong. If we take the necessary action we will prevail'.
What Pearl had been saying was indeed profound. She really had learnt a great deal from the information available in the village library. She intended to put it to good use.
'I guess', Louie went on to say. This was on recognizing that it was a case of dealing with one thing at a time. 'The immediate problem to deal with is the pollution of the stream in relation to the proposed dairy farm. I sincerely hope that there still is time to act'.
'You are right Louie', Pearl agreed. 'What I suggest is that we go and have a look at the Appleton property as soon as we can. We need to become familiar with the situation and formulate a course of action. It's Monday today; how about we go and have a look on Thursday. I could call in at your place first say at 10.00a.m. I would love to see Tiger and Lily again'.
Louie glanced at Lulu. Lulu nodded. 'Yes that will be fine Pearl. For peace of mind we need to use our abilities and take action. Thank you Pearl for making the effort to discover what you have. Lulu and I have been living in blissful ignorance. We had no idea what the village council was up to. I guess it goes on all the time with insect communities about the world. They end up being destroyed by people and their actions. With the amazing abilities that we have been given; let's not let it happen to us'.
'Thanks Louie. That's exactly the attitude the three of us need to adopt. We do have amazing powers. Let's meet up on Thursday. We're taking the right approach in dealing with one step at a time. I have an idea in my mind how to deal with the councillors. I will talk to you about it later. That is when I have had more time to think and formulate a plan. In the meantime let's relax and enjoy ourselves. I don't want you two to worry. With your help and some determination I just know we can deal to the issues I have outlined. We have to. That is if we want to survive'. 
It was with a complete change of subject; and in an attempt to dispense with the gloominess that prevailed; Pearl glanced at Lulu and said. 'Lulu you look absolutely stunning in that new dress you have made. I love the green tie that you have made for Louie too'. 
'Thanks Pearl I appreciate that', Lulu responded. 'Sorry I couldn't help but feel a little down with what you have relayed to us. It has come as a bit of a shock. Even so; with you around Pearl; I'm sure that we can deal with it. '.
'Don't worry Lulu. As I have said; the problems we face have been uncovered. Now we can deal with them. We are just so unbelievably fortunate to know about them before it is too late'.
The three felt a little more positive having talked through the issues. There was a strong resolve in place to preserve the happiness; this was together with the simplicity of life; that the insect community enjoyed.
It was about mid afternoon that the trio caught the train back to the village. It was not unnaturally that they were pensive. There was little said when they were aboard the train. There was a great deal to think about. It was a very serious situation to be in. 
It was after having flown back up the stream that Pearl waved goodbye. This was as she veered off to head back up to her apartment. It was as Pearl was veering away that she called out. 'See you on Thursday at 10.00 a.m at your place. Neither of you are to worry; that's an order!'
Louie and Lulu duly landed on the sundeck outside their home. Having done so, they held each other tightly. They were indeed both stunned with what Pearl had told them. The tension didn't last long however. Two little bees came running out shouting 'Daddy!', 'Mummy!' They clung to their parents as though they hadn't seen them for a year! Louie picked up Tiger. Lulu picked up Lily. Louie and Lulu faced each other and smiled. It was then that they laughed. Yes they would fight the adversity they faced to the bitter end. No one could ever be sad with Tiger and Lily around.

Chapter 26
The Appleton Property

It was on the Thursday morning; this was when Pearl was due to arrive at the bee house; that Louie and Lulu were feeling much more positive. Thank goodness Pearl had possessed the foresight to find out what was going on in the village.
Tiger and Lily hadn't seen Pearl for a number of weeks. On that basis Louie and Lulu had taken the opportunity to get the two small bees to do something special. They had been getting the pair to practice standing together to say 'Hello Aunty Pearl'. It was when Pearl was due to arrive this particular morning that "it" was coming out along the lines of "Hu wo Arny Bell". This was followed by a shy giggle together with a few unscripted claps; not to mention the rather bashful curling up of tiny little toes! Louie and Lulu smiled at each other on seeing and hearing what had eventuated.
'They will never get it right!' Lulu said while trying to stifle a laugh.
Louie responded by saying. 'Not to worry Lulu; Pearl will love it!'
It was following breakfast that Louie and Lulu were relaxing out on the sundeck while waiting for Pearl to arrive. Tiger and Lily happened to be in the spare room; this was where they slept; doing a little tidying up. Small bees tended to be a little untidy at times. On that basis Louie and Lulu were teaching them that if they made a mess; it was their job to clean it up. Well done Louie and Lulu. Anyway; it was another beautiful summer's day. It was about 10.00 a.m that while sitting out on the sundeck that Louie and Lulu heard it. This was just as it had been Christmas morning. It brought a tear to Lulu's eyes. Yes; there it was. It was the sound of the flutter of Pearl's wings getting closer and closer.
Pearl landed perfectly on the sundeck. She was looking radiant as usual.
'Morning Pearl', Louie said. 'Stay there for a moment; we want to show you something if we can!'
Louie glanced in the direction of the house. He then called out. 'Tiger, Lily; Aunty Pearl is here!'
In response to Louie's calling two little figures ran out of the house. They did so with much enthusiasm. I guess it was a case of any excuse to get out of the tidying up stuff that they were supposed to be doing. Having arrived out on the sundeck the pair then marched up to Pearl. It was while looking straight up at her that they went through the routine of 'Hu wo Arny Bell'. This was followed by a giggle, a few unscripted claps, and a bashful curling up of the tiny little toes!
Pearl was quite overcome. In fact her eyes moistened with tears of emotion. She then bent down to lift the two little bees to hold them to her. It was with much feeling that she said. 'You beautiful, beautiful little creatures'. 
'Why don't you sit and hold them for a while Pearl', Louie suggested. 'I'll make you a cup of gum leaf tea before we go if you like?'
'Oh thanks Louie and Lulu; that really would be nice. Tiger and Lily are just so delightful. They've grown a little too since I last saw them'.
Pearl and Lulu chatted. This was while Louie went and made some gum leaf tea for everyone. This included Rose.
'Come and have a cup of tea with us Rose', Louie had suggested on having caught up with Rose inside the house.
Rose was only too glad to join them. In reality she was now a part of the family. Louie introduced Rose to Pearl. It was while having their tea that the four watched Tiger and Lily get up to their usual antics. The game of hide the apple seed was by this time on the go. Poor Lily was not having much success at finding it. This was because Tiger had discreetly stuck it to her back.
'Naughty Tiger', Lulu said while stifling a laugh. 'Show Lily where it is!' 
Tiger ran up to his sister to do as Lulu had bid. He then hugged her as if to apologise for teasing her.
'This is certainly what life is all about isn't it', Pearl went on to say. This was while observing the antics of Tiger and Lily. She had also glanced at the magic of the stream that was flowing peacefully by below the sundeck.  She had also taken in the beauty and the fresh smell of the bush and ferns that surrounded them. Yes; it was reinforced in Pearl's mind that in no way could they ever allow the place where they lived to be destroyed.
It was in due course that Louie, Lulu and Pearl finished their tea. They then bid adieu to Tiger Lily and Rose. This was before heading off up the stream in the direction of the Appleton property. Louie in feeling happy called out to the others in a semi joking fashion. 'Let's forget about the Appleton property. Let's instead head for the cave!'
'I know how you feel', Pearl responded. 'It's very tempting but we have an important job to do!'
It was while flying up the stream on the way to the Appleton property that the trio passed Virgil's hangar. They waved out to Virgil and Virginia who happened to be sitting outside in the sunshine - just as dragonflies like to do. It was then on past Sir Cada and Lady Bird's place for about another quarter hour of flying.
Pearl called for Louie and Lulu to fly in close either side of her. This was so that she could talk to them about what she had in mind. She then went on to say. 'When we arrive there I suggest we head for a tall tree. From there we can survey the situation from a safe distance. It's best to keep well out of harm's way until we know more about what is going on'.
'Right Pearl', Louie confirmed. 'You lead the way. Lulu and I will follow you'.
It was then that Pearl turned west. She flew away from the stream and onto the Appleton property. It was on having arrived that Pearl selected a Kauri tree in front of the house. The three then alighted in the shade on a branch near the top. Having done so, they sat close together to survey the scene below.
Close by to Louie Lulu and Pearl; this was where they were high up in the tree; was the magnificent house Mrs Appleton had owned and lived in. It was quite a large two level house that was possibly eighty years old or more. The house was painted white. In fact it had been recently painted so it looked to be in pristine condition. Windows were of the double sash type with dark blue shutters either side. The steeply pitched cedar tile roof had several dormer windows for a number of upstairs bedrooms. The front entrance door was possibly kauri. Within the door were a number of stained glass inserts of reds and blues. The door knocker; this was together with the door handle and letter flap; were of polished bronze. They glistened like gold in the sun. Yes; it was a beautiful home. It was so sad that Mrs Appleton had passed away.
A north facing wooden veranda ran along the front of the house. The same veranda also continued on around the eastern side so as to catch the early morning sun. The veranda itself was covered with a corrugated iron roof. It was of the old fashioned rounded type. It was painted grey. Pink and white climbing roses had wrapped themselves around some of the veranda columns. They had then entwined themselves in white painted iron lattice work that was in place at the top between the support columns. This was just below what was old fashioned copper guttering. It was in place on the northeast corner of the veranda that there was a rocking chair. It was a rocking chair where Mrs Appleton had sat in her final years. It was a place where she had reminisced about the good times she had enjoyed when her beloved husband had been alive. 
Pearl on looking at the house; this was from their vantage point in the kauri tree; muttered to herself. She did so with a degree of anger. 'How dare the council take this beautiful property away from the citizens of the village'.
Another feature of the property was a long finely pebbled driveway. It came in from the west. It came in from where the main road leading to the village was some distance away. The driveway ended at the front of the house in a wide turning and parking area. To the west of the house; this was with access off the pebbled driveway; was a large garage. It was a garage that was big enough to take several cars. At this particular point in time there was no sign of Councillor Shufflegrub; or any family he might have for that matter.  However it was judging by washing hanging on a clothesline close to the garage; the house was now occupied.
It was to the east and within a short walking distance of the house that could be seen the new milking shed. Yes; things had moved quickly. Thank goodness that Pearl had discovered what she had. The fact that the milking shed was situated close to the house seemed to be a little strange. Obviously it was because Councillor Shufflegrub didn't want to have to walk too far to check his precious milking equipment. Quite frankly it has to be said that the milking shed was an eyesore. This was in the sense that its flat roof and colour steel construction somehow made it stark and sterile. Apart from which it was coloured dark brown for goodness sakes. Yes; the milking shed unquestionably clashed with the architecture of the beautiful house. Obviously heritage and aesthetics were not an issue to Councillor Shufflegrub. After all the object was to make money and to not worry about trifling matters! 
Louie Lulu and Pearl could see how the driveway that came in from the road to the house had recently been extended. It had been extended a short distance to the east along to the new milking shed. This was presumably to allow milk tanker access. The drive extension was covered in a heavy layer of coarse stone chips. It had obviously been formed in a hurry. Possibly sometime in the future it would be concreted.  Quite frankly in its interim state it looked to be an untidy and incongruous mess.
With what Pearl had gleaned by merging with Councillor Shufflegrub; this was back at the council; the milking shed had been fitted out with sophisticated automated equipment. It was sophisticated to the extent that the cows could walk into the milking shed at their leisure and "milk" themselves. Pearl also knew it to be that the operation had cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to build. It was in effect laundered rate payer money that had been used - real grubby stuff. Yes; in effect Councillor Shufflegrub was not only into milking cows but the ratepayers of the village as well! 
Pearl had noted; this was once again from the vantage point high up in the tree; that the water supply for the milking shed came from an underground or artesian supply. It was an underground supply that by all appearances also supplied the house. "Thank goodness", Pearl had thought to herself. Her reasoning was that at least the water wasn't being drawn from the stream. The amount of water required; this was for the milking shed in particular; would have just about run the stream dry!
Moving back to the moment in hand; the three insects could see how beyond the milking shed; this was some distance away to the east; there was a contractor's utility vehicle. There was also a mechanical digger. The digger was of much interest to our three. This was because right then it was working digging a trench for the effluent pipeline. This was the pipeline that was to take effluent on down to the stream. 
In relation to the pipeline, it was in place close to the milking shed that there was a large stack of concrete pipes. There was also a selection of building materials and a heavy duty concrete mixer. It was onsite that two men could be seen. There was the digger operator together with an assisting labourer. It was at this point in time that it could be seen how the labourer was busy standing idly by while leaning on a shovel. This while watching the digger do its work. 
Changing perspective for a moment; it was out from the house to the north that could be seen the fields where the cows would graze. The fields in question stretched for quite some distance - millions of feet in insect terms. They had been fully fenced in readiness for the delivery of the cows at some stage in the future; presumably within a matter of days. Councillor Shufflegrub had in his wisdom bulldozed away all the flowers and vegetables that Mrs Appleton had planted. In their place he had sewn grass. Many of the native trees that Mrs Appleton had planted had been felled. It was indeed a sad sight. Yes; much natural beauty had been destroyed in the name of commercial gain.
It was for a number of minutes that Louie Lulu and Pearl studied the surroundings from their vantage point. In the main this was to check for any danger before making a move.
'Seems all quiet', Pearl said at length. 'Let's move a little closer and see what that digger operator is up to. Follow me; stay close'.
Pearl flew down from the tree to alight on the edge of the milking shed roof. This was on the side looking directly towards where the digger was working. Louie and Lulu duly followed. Having done so they then sat alongside Pearl to watch further.
Pearl on having observed the situation for a moment or two then made the comment. 'Looks as though it will be a day or so before the trench has been completed all the way to the stream'.
'What do you think we should do first Pearl', Lulu inquired.
'Hmmm it's a bit of a tough one Lulu. It needs a bit of careful thought'.
Pearl studied the situation further for a moment. She looked below her. She could see how a short section of pipe work running from the effluent pump in the milking shed had already been laid. In fact the pipe in question had been laid in a trench and then covered over. The end of the pipe in question was visible and sitting in place ready to be connected. This was to the pipe that would lead on down to the stream. 
Pearl also studied the pile of pipes stacked ready to be laid. She noticed that there were a number of right-angle sections. She wondered to herself what they could be for. Looking down the trench line she could see where they would be used. There were rocky areas around which the pipe work; and the trench; would have to be diverted. That aside; the angle sections had given Pearl an idea. It was a very naughty and mischievous idea to say the least. 
It was following some deliberation that Pearl said to Louie and Lulu. 'We could discreetly block the pipe that we can see now; that is the covered in one coming from the effluent pump; with concrete. It would mean that effluent wouldn't flow. However this would no doubt be discovered and fixed. Then we would then be back to square one. No; apart from stopping the effluent ever reaching the stream; somehow we have to make this venture unattractive to our greedy and dishonest Councillor Shufflegrub. Somehow we need to make it such that he and his family don't want to have a bar of the place'.
Pearl continued to ponder for a moment. This was before saying. 'What I suggest we do is that tomorrow we come back through the quartz. We can do much in our invisible forms. I'd suggest that we come back fairly early in the morning and do a bit of rearranging of the pipe work!' 
Yes; naughty Pearl had a plan in her mind. She explained it to Louie and Lulu. In summary it went something like this:
The idea was that on the following day it would be arranged for Louie to merge with the digger operator. Louie would then; this was with the digger operator as his host; dig a new trench starting from just outside the milking shed. The trench would run back up to the house from where the pipe from the effluent pump currently ended. 
It would be at the house end of the new trench that Louie would dig underneath the foundation. This was so that the end of the trench ended up under the house. It has to be remembered that Louie in having merged with the digger operator would have acquired all the necessary skills to achieve this nonsense. Digging such a trench would be second nature to him.
It was to be while Louie busied himself digging the trench that Pearl and Lulu would lay a new pipeline in the newly dug trench. In essence the idea was to ultimately run what came out from the effluent pipe back up underneath the house. This was rather than having it heading away on down to the stream. In relation to Lulu and Pearl laying pipe work; it would be remembered that when through the quartz they had the ability to lift  heavy things almost effortlessly. 
One thing that needed to be done was for either Lulu or Pearl to merge with the labourer. Firstly it would be necessary to do so, to prevent him from interfering with what the insects were doing. Secondly it would be useful to have him assist with the sealing of the necessary pipe connections.
It was fortunate there were plenty of angle sections of pipe. It meant that it was no problem to use them and change the direction of the effluent pipe. Once the "new" pipe work was in place; Louie while driving the digger was to then cover it up again. It would be easy enough to remove any evidence of the new section of trench. This was because it would be beneath the rough extension to the driveway. It would be simply a case of raking the loose stones back over the top again. Then if necessary; any missing vegetation could be grown back with a little right fist clenching; simple! To complete the job; a dummy section of pipe was be placed in the trench to make it look as though it came from the effluent pump. This was to be then partly covered over. This pipe would then later be connected by the contractors to the pipe leading to the stream. It would be then that because of Pearl's mischievous idea; effluent wouldn't flow to the stream. Instead it would somewhat discreetly; this was over time; end up under the house. That is until horror of all horrors it would start seeping up through the floor boards! Brilliant idea Pearl! The whole aim of the exercise was that Councillor Shufflegrub and his family wouldn't be too fussed on staying around with that lot! The smell of badly decomposed effluent would soon become intolerable.
It was as an after thought that Pearl had made another suggestion. Her suggestion was; and it was a good one; that at about the time of discovery of the effluent by the Shufflegrub family that the three insects return through the quartz. Pearl's idea was to make use of their clenched left fists and reduce the cows to calves! No milk for Councillor Shufflegrub!
It was after Pearl had finished telling Louie and Lulu about her plan that Louie and Lulu were almost speechless. Even so they managed to say. 'Absolutely brilliant Pearl!'  
Thanks team', Pearl responded. 'Quite frankly I can't wait for tomorrow to come!'
It was following a further moment or two of deliberation that Pearl went on to say. 'Louie; when we have finished doing what we have to tomorrow; and you have demerged with the digger operator; we will need to wait and watch to see what happens. For one the digger operator may be confused as to why he hasn't progressed as much as he wanted to with the digging of the main trench. Secondly he will probably wonder why half of the piping has disappeared!
'In relation to what I have just said Louie; I'd suggest that if we have the time that you carry on digging some of the main trench. That is before demerging with the digger operator. That way he will get to see at least something for his day's work. As far as the missing pipes are concerned, he may simply pack up for the day and not even notice them. In which case it will be surmised on the following day that they were stolen overnight. We will play it by ear!' 
'This is going to be fun Pearl', Louie responded. 'I'm quite looking forward to operating the digger!'
Louie then turned to Lulu and said. 'What we need to do now is call in at the Factory. We need to tidy up a few things and communicate with Import. That way we can have a full day here tomorrow. How about we meet at the tunnel at 8.00a.m tomorrow Pearl?'
'Done', Pearl agreed, '8.00a.m tomorrow it is'.
It was with a plan formulated in their minds that the now happy insects made their way back along the stream. Pearl flew back to her apartment. Louie and Lulu stopped off at the Factory.
****
The next day the excited trio met at the tunnel at 8.00 a.m. It wasn't long before they were through the quartz at the village Bank. It was then at great speed that they flew in their invisible forms to the Appleton property.
It was when the insects had arrived that they landed on the driveway close to the front of the house. It was from there that they paused to survey the scene. This time there was a car parked in the driveway. Pearl knew it to be a car that belonged to Councillor Shufflegrub. 
Something of much interest was that some distance away along the trench line; in fact it was where the digger was operating; that Shufflegrub seemed to be having an animated discussion with the digger operator. This was as well as with the labourer. For some reason Shufflegrub was waving his arms about with what appeared to be a degree of agitation.
Having observed the shenanigans with Shufflegrub Pearl made the suggestion. 'First let's go and find out what that's all about!'
It was in a flash that Louie Lulu and Pearl had landed right alongside Councillor Shufflegrub. Of course nobody could see them. Yes; just as had been surmised; Councillor Shufflegrub was not pleased. He wanted the digging of the trench for the pipeline finished this very day no ifs or buts! Time was seemingly of essence. This was because for one, two hundred cows would be arriving in five days time. Then on top of that; things had to be moved along because Shufflegrub was due to be away for a month within a matter of days. This was of course for the "fact finding mission" at the ratepayer's expense! 
The digger driver was by all appearances a little scared of Shufflegrub. Yes; Shufflegrub was a man of monstrous proportions as well as being a bully. Anyone in close proximity to Shufflegrub would not be far wrong in thinking that there was a total eclipse in progress!
It was as a result of Shufflegrub's bullying tactics that the digger driver had promised that he would stay on into the evening. This was to get the trench finished so the pipe work could be laid and connected up the following day. It was on having got his way with the digger driver that Shufflegrub stormed back to his car. Lulu thought it was strange how the digger driver and the labourer waved to the departing Councillor Shufflegrub. This was with two fingers in the air. Yes; most unusual Lulu had thought.
Councillor Shufflegrub on having returned to his car then drove off at great speed. This was in a shower of stones as he spun the wheels - arrogant sod. When he had departed Pearl took control.
'Right Louie; you merge with the digger driver. Lulu you merge with the labourer. We've got lots to do'. 
It certainly was all go. Louie immediately ran the digger back towards the house. Having done so, he commenced digging the trench as directed by Pearl. 
It was as the trench that Louie was digging progressed that Pearl lifted sections of pipe and placed them in the trench. Lulu with the labourer as her host had the concrete mixer going flat out by this time. This was mixing mortar to join the pipe sections. It really was a quite sight to see! Was this really two bees and a moth doing all this?
It was by late morning that Louie had finished the section of trench running up to and under the house. He then drove the digger back to where the digger operator had been working earlier. Having done so he carried on digging the main trench just as the digger operator was supposed to be doing. Pearl and Lulu in the meantime continued laying the pipe on to and up under the house. This was as well as connecting the pipe sections with mortar. It was taking a while to mix the mortar and get the pipe sections connected. This was because the labourer wasn't used to the work Lulu was demanding of him - poor chap!
It was just before midday when Lulu noticed something. A car was coming up the driveway.
'Pearl! Pearl!' Lulu shouted. This was in her labourer's voice. 'There's a car coming up the driveway'.
Pearl looked. Sure enough; there was Councillor Shufflegrub making a return. This was possibly to check on the progress of the digger operator. After all Shufflegrub wasn't going to have anything prevent him getting away on his "holiday"!
Pearl immediately stopped helping Lulu with laying the pipes in the trench. She said with a degree of urgency. 'Lulu; carry on doing what you can by yourself. I'll be back as soon as I can. I've just got a little job to do!' 
Hmmm; what was Pearl up to Lulu had thought to herself.
Quick thinking Pearl flew off immediately and merged with Councillor Shufflegrub. This was just as he emerged from his car. Pearl didn't want him to see anything of what was going on! It was when Pearl had merged with Councillor Shufflegrub that she climbed back into the car. She then drove back along the driveway to the road. It was from there that she drove on some distance in the direction of the village. Of course Pearl had the ability to do this being merged with the councillor.
When Pearl had come across what she felt to be an appropriate place; in particular this was out of view of others; she stopped the car. In fact where she had stopped was a short distance along a deserted side road. Having parked Shufflegrub's car on what was an overgrown grass verge she got out. Pearl then systematically went around and let all the tyres down! It was finally that she picked up the councillor's cell phone and threw it as far as she could into an adjacent field. 
"That should keep him occupied for awhile", Pearl had muttered to herself. This was as she demerged form her host. Having done so, she then flew back to assist Lulu once more. 
'Where's Councillor Shufflegrub gone?' Lulu had said when Pearl had arrived back.
Pearl laughed and said. 'He's been let down by somebody. He won't be back for a while. I'll tell you about it later Lulu. Let's you and I get this pipe work finished'.
It was coming up to 1.00p.m when the pipe work that Pearl and Lulu were working on was in place. With the job completed, Pearl then asked Louie to return with the digger. This was to fill in the trench again. Pearl had strategically placed the previously mentioned piece of dummy pipe in the trench. She then got Louie to put some earth in place over it. Yes; by all appearances the dummy piece of pipe was connected to the effluent pump in the milking shed. Clever Pearl!
It was within less than an hour that Louie had filled and levelled off the trench to the house. He then went back to spend further time extending the main trench on towards the stream. It was when Louie had departed that Pearl got Lulu; this was as the labourer; to carefully rake the stones back over where Louie had dug the trench. Lulu did a great job. The end result was that no one would ever know by appearances that the effluent pipe ran back under the drive to the house. 
It was alongside the milking shed that Pearl used her clenched right fist to grow back grass and weeds. This was where some of the soil had been disturbed. What a fantastic job! It was unbelievable what our naughty insects had achieved.
It was as a final piece of mischief that Pearl said to Lulu. 'Lulu let me change places with you. I need the labourer as my host to do one more thing'. 
 Lulu duly demerged with the labourer. Pearl then remerged before the labourer had a chance to know what was happening. So it was that Pearl now as the labourer went quickly and mixed up some concrete in the concrete mixer. Having done so, she then took a full barrow of it to the house. It was there that she made her way around the brick base. As she did she discreetly used a trowel to block all the vent holes with concrete. This was so that the cow excrement on rising wouldn't leak out and be noticed. Well-done Pearl! It meant that stinking cow excrement would keep rising until it really did come up through the floor boards! Oh dear!
It was by mid afternoon that it was a case of mission accomplished. Pearl and Lulu carefully inspected the work they had completed. There wasn't the slightest hint of what they had been up to. The concrete mixer was put back where it belonged. There were quite a number of pipes missing of course. However that was a problem to be sorted out by the contractor when he got around to noticing it.
It was finally that Pearl; this was while retaining the labourer as her host; walked to where Louie was busy digging the proper trench. Lulu followed Pearl. Louie had been making good progress. He stopped work on seeing the labourer approaching. 
'Hi', Louie called out in his digger operator's voice, 'Are both of you there?'
'Yes it's me Pearl', Pearl confirmed. 'I'm the labourer. Lulu is with me. Louie I suggest that you and I demerge now and let these two get on with the job. I'll lean on this shovel by the digger. You keep the digger working. Let's both demerge on the count of three'.
Louie and Pearl demerged at the same time. Having done so, they moved away quickly to join Lulu. The three then sat on the grass to watch what would unfold.
It was exactly as had been hoped for. The digger operator carried on as though nothing had happened. He possibly felt a little hungry in not having stopped for lunch! The labourer however was rubbing his legs and arms a little. He was a bit sore after doing the most work he had ever done in his life. Little did he know what in fact he had done!
'Job well-done team', Pearl announced. 'I'm proud of you. Much good has been achieved here today'.
It was while the three relaxed on the grass that Pearl went on to relay to Louie and Lulu what had happened to Councillor Shufflegrub. 'In fact', Pearl reiterated. 'It was of real advantage to us that I did merge with Councillor Shufflegrub. I know what his program is now. The cows are going to be delivered by truck next Thursday. Shufflegrub and his two sons are then to spend the following three days getting the operation underway. It's on the following Monday; that is ten days from now; that Shufflegrub and the family are to be off on this "fact finding mission". While they are away the council CEO; that is Grovelmoore; is going to stay in the Shufflegrub house to look after things. It's all very cosy. I hope he brings some air freshener!'
'That was quick thinking with Shufflegrub', Louie said, 'It could have been a bit of a nuisance if he had discovered what we were doing'.
So it was in feeling happy about what had been achieved; the trio relaxed on the grass while watching the digger working. Everything seemed to be perfectly normal.
'I guess that now', Louie commented. 'We just wait and see what happens over the next few days or so. The cows aren't due to arrive until next week. Lulu and I could come up here before going to the Factory each morning. That way we can keep an eye on progress and keep you posted Pearl'.
'Thanks Louie', Pearl responded 'That would really help me. I need some time to think carefully about what we need to do about the council itself - and how we will handle it. Let's all head back now. You two can keep me updated each day about anything that might be happening here'.
It was once back through the quartz that the three insects made their way back up the tunnel. Apart from the pleasure of discussing what they had achieved over the day it was good to be back in their own territory again. It was at one point that Pearl laughed and said. 'It's going to be really interesting. It will be a few days after the Shufflegrubs leave when things are likely to go drastically wrong! In relation to the departure of the Shufflegrubs; would it be convenient on Monday week to drop in to see you two at the Factory. I'd suggest say10.00a.m. I'd like to go over the next part of my plan. The Shufflegrubs leave that day and I would like to move fairly quickly with the next phase. What I hope to do ultimately is have the current councillors replaced. This is with individuals who will look after the interests of the village ratepayers as well as our own interests. I need about a week to have the plan clear in my mind'.
'Sounds good Pearl. Okay with you Lulu?' Louie responded.
 'Oh yes!' Lulu confirmed. 'I can't wait to know what you are up to next Pearl!'
It was once the three were out of the tunnel that Pearl flew off up to her apartment. Louie and Lulu headed over to the stream and then along to their house. The sun had moved to be low in the sky as time moved on to late afternoon. It was as Louie and Lulu neared their home that they could see Rose out on the sundeck with Tiger and Lily. Tiger and Lily on catching sight of their parents commenced bouncing up and down with excitement. It was a joy to be home again. 
 It was later that evening; this was when Tiger and Lily were fast asleep in their cradle; that Louie and Lulu sat out on the sundeck. They felt happy with what had been achieved over the day. It had been a step in the right direction to protect the insect community from certain disaster. Somehow they knew Pearl would have a plan to save them all as indeed she did. 
****
It had been a Friday when Louie Lulu and Pearl had achieved much mischief at the Appleton property. To summarise pending happenings; the cows were due to arrive at the property in six days on the Thursday. Shufflegrub and his family were due to depart for their "holiday" in ten days time on the following Monday.  It was over the two days following the Friday of much mischief making; that is the Saturday and the Sunday; that Louie and Lulu flew to the property. They did so at about mid morning. This was to check on what was happening. It was because the weather had remained fine and warm that Louie and Lulu took Tiger and Lily with them. In fact they took the opportunity to make a picnic of it. 
It was quite interesting what the bee family found on the Saturday. The trench to the stream had indeed been completed. This was because the digger operator and the labourer had worked late the previous evening to get it finished. This was after having suffered a certain amount of duress from our Councillor Shufflegrub. That aside; the pipes had been laid in place within the completed trench when seemingly a problem had arisen. A significant number of pipes appeared to be missing. The job on that basis couldn't be completed. Oh dear how could this have happened?
It had been when the problem was discovered that Councillor Shufflegrub who was in residence with his family; had come out of the house to abuse the digger operator. He had noticed that the work of laying pipes had mysteriously stopped. A shouting match ensued when Shufflegrub blamed the digger operator for losing the pipes. Of course Shufflegrub wasn't in the best of moods anyway. He was still smarting from the day before when Pearl had let down the tyres of his car. Quite frankly; Shufflegrub in having such a short fuse was likely to take it out on anybody! Yes it was an entertaining picnic for the bees where they remained a safe distance away from the fiasco. 
Anyway; it was later on during Saturday that more pipes were delivered. The poor digger operator and the labourer then worked late once more. This was to get the job finished and keep the bad tempered Shufflegrub off their backs.
It was when the bee family called back on the Sunday that the pipe work had indeed been completed. The trench had also been filled in. It was subsequently that Louie and Lulu flew; this was with Tiger and Lily on their backs; to the stream to have a look. There it was. In place was the end of the pipe that nothing would ever come out of. This was thanks to Pearl's quick thinking. Yes it would have been an absolute disaster for the insects if the effluent had ever got into the stream.
It happened to be that some distance away from where Shufflegrub had cleared the land for his cows that there were still some flowers left on the property. These were flowers of many varieties that Mrs Appleton had planted - and grown from seed. Louie and Lulu took the opportunity to show the flowers to Tiger and Lily. They had a wonderful afternoon sampling all the different nectars. Not a bad life being a bumblebee! 
It was over the week that followed that Louie and Lulu flew to the property on a daily basis. This was to observe the situation just as they had promised to Pearl they would. There was nothing much to see or report back to Pearl until the Friday.
It was when Louie and Lulu arrived on the Friday that the cows were there. They had presumably been brought in by truck in the afternoon of the previous day. This was all two hundred of them. There was plenty of room for the cows on the large expanse of land. Even so; it was just as Pearl had previously mentioned. The two hundred cows were probably just the start of it. It was likely that there could be many more that would arrive some time in the future.
It was when Louie and Lulu had visited the property on the aforementioned Friday that they noted that Shufflegrub's two sons were in attendance. In the main they were directing and encouraging the cows to find the milking shed. This was to use the automated milking equipment. Something seemingly attracted the cows to the shed. Louie and Lulu had thought it to be some special feed that was being utilised to achieve this.
Amazingly enough; it was by the Sunday that the milking of the cows had become a virtually hands free operation. The cows were coming and going from the shed as they felt the need too. Louie and Lulu surmised; this was from what Pearl had mentioned to them; that the cows may have come from a farm with a similar setup. On that basis it was simply a case of the animals knowing where the milking shed was. All up, the two bees thought it was quite an impressive operation. From what they could see; the Shufflegrub sons appeared to know what they were doing.
Louie and Lulu could hear machinery working in the milking shed. Yes there would be a slowly rising pool of effluent accumulating under the house! Thanks to Pearl having the foresight to block the vents; and other holes in the brick base of the house; there was no evidence of any effluent leakage - well not yet anyway. Stay tuned!

Chapter 27
Pearl's Amazing Plans

Our story now moves on to the Monday morning. It's the day when Pearl is meeting Louie and Lulu at the Factory at 10.30 a.m. This is to outline and discuss plans she has to deal with the village council. Louie and Lulu were up early as per normal for a Monday. This was to get Tiger and Lily ready for Rose to take over. They were also up early so that they could fly to the Shufflegrub dairy farm and check progress there.
Louie and Lulu duly said their goodbyes to Tiger Lily and Rose. It was then up along the stream to the farm. They had departed just after 8.00 a.m. It was quite exciting to our two bees having this job to do for Pearl. Apart from flying in the early morning sunshine; this was along a beautiful part of the stream; the two bees didn't know what they might discover with each visit.
It was on arrival at the farm this particular morning that the routine was the same. It was initially that Louie and Lulu headed for the safety of the top of the Kauri tree. This was the tree that was situated close to the front of the house. It was here that they settled to watch. By all appearances everything seemed to be functioning well. The cows were coming and going from the milking shed just as they should be. The machinery within the milking shed could be heard to be humming away nicely. This meant that the effluent would be accumulating unseen beneath the house. 
Something that interested Louie and Lulu this particular morning was the fact that Councillor Shufflegrub's car was parked at the front of the house. Of additional interest was that Councillor Shufflegrub's wife was carrying out suitcases from the house. She was then loading them into the car. This was in readiness for the family to head off on their ratepayer funded holiday. It seemed to be that wherever it was that the Shufflegrubs were going they had obviously decided to make an early start.
Councillor Shufflegrub really did come across as being a bully. It was just as his two sons did as well. The pair of them certainly looked like their father in both build and arrogance. At one stage Louie and Lulu heard Shufflegrub senior yell out to his wife. 'Hurry up woman; we haven't got all day you know!'
Poor Mrs Shufflegrub was struggling with an inordinate number of suitcases. This was while the sons looked on and did nothing to help. Their job was to look after the cows. It wasn't to assist their poor mother. So it was that with things being the way they were in the Shufflegrub family; Shufflegrub left his wife to carry on loading the car. He had called his sons over to the milking shed. It was subsequently that the three inspected everything to make sure all was okay before the departure for the holiday. The three appeared to be laughing amongst themselves. This was seemingly about how clever they had been and how much money the new venture was going to make.
Lulu was watching Mrs Shufflegrub load the car. She put an arm about Louie and said. 'Look Louie; Mrs Shufflegrub is crying. If only we could help her. Why are humans so unkind to each other?'
'I don't know', Louie pronounced with a sigh. 'Take heart in the fact that Shufflegrub will be brought down a peg or two shortly'. 
It was ultimately that Shufflegrub and his two sons ambled back towards the house from the milking shed. Shufflegrub again yelled at his wife. 'Haven't you finished yet you stupid woman. What are you doing?'
'Just finishing dear', Mrs Shufflegrub had responded while quietly sobbing to herself.
'Stop snivelling woman!' Shufflegrub yelled once more at his wife. 
Louie then made the comment to Lulu. 'What sort of holiday are these people going to have. That is with Mrs Shufflegrub being treated like that?'
'Not a very happy one', Lulu responded feeling quite upset by what she was seeing. 
It was at that moment that another car came up the driveway. It had a trailer on the back with quite a bit of gear loaded. 
'I bet this is that Grovelmoore chap that Pearl mentioned', Louie suggested. Sure enough, it was. 
Grovelmoore was of the same ilk as Shufflegrub. That is arrogant and rude. It was when Grovelmoore had stepped out of the car that he and Shufflegrub; this was as well as Shufflegrub's sons; made their way over to the milking shed. They then disappeared on inside. This was presumably to run through the procedures to be adhered to while the Shufflegrub family was away. It was when the four had re-emerged from the milking shed that there was a lot of arrogant laughing. This was as well as back slapping and hand shaking. By all accounts it appeared to be that Grovelmoore was party to some deal they had made. It was while the four remained standing outside the milking shed that Shufflegrub senior pointed in the direction of the stream. In actuality he was pointing towards where the now buried pipeline dumped the effluent in the stream - well so he thought. It was then that once again Shufflegrub senior shook Grovelmoore's hand. By the look of it; it was quite on the cards that Grovelmoore in his capacity had organised the consent to discharge effluent into the stream.
The three Shufflegrubs and Grovelmoore continued to stand and talk in the vicinity of the milking shed for about half an hour. Poor Mrs Shufflegrub in the meantime; this was on having sorted out the suitcases; sat waiting in the car for about twenty minutes. She dare not say anything to her husband.
It was in due course that the Shufflegrub family; this included the two sons; actually departed. 
'Good riddance', Lulu had said to Louie
It was when the Shufflegrubs had departed that Grovelmoore returned to the milking shed. Having satisfied himself once more that indeed everything was working as it should be, he then went back to his car. Having done so, he then commenced moving belongings from the trailer into the house ready for the stay over the next month. There was quite a large amount of gear. Louie and Lulu assumed that judging by the amount of gear there must be more of his family to arrive. 
It was at about 9.30 a.m that Grovelmoore drove off. Louie and Lulu assumed that he would be back with his family sometime later. It has to be said that it seemed strange to the two bees that Grovelmoore would depart and leave such a complex setup running. That is without a single soul to keep an eye on it.
'Well my Lulu', Louie said at length. 'We must head for the Factory. It's not long until Pearl arrives to talk to us about her plan'.
It was on departing that Louie and Lulu flew high over the property. They circled a few times to take a final look. All looked well. Indeed nobody; that is neither Grovelmoore nor the Shufflegrubs; had suspected that the effluent pipe was discharging beneath the house. It was simply a waiting game now until the effluent level reached the floor boards.
Louie and Lulu were about to break from circling overhead the property when they saw Grovelmoore's car coming back up the driveway. This time it was without the trailer.
'Let's head back to the tree for a moment and watch', Louie suggested. 'We have got time. It would be worthwhile doing a little further observing just in case there might be something further of interest to report to Pearl'.
'Good idea Louie', Lulu confirmed. 
Louie and Lulu then made a "beeline" for their vantage point in the Kauri tree. It was from their observation point that they could see how this time Grovelmoore had returned with his family. From what the two bees could see; he had a wife together with a son in his late teens, and a younger teenage daughter. It was on arrival that his wife and daughter went on inside the house. Grovelmoore and his son then made their way over to the milking shed. It appeared to be that the son was reasonably familiar with the operation. On that basis he had no doubt been at the property before.
It was when Grovelmoore and his son had engaged in a bit of a chat in the milking shed that Grovelmoore himself departed. He left his family to it. Grovelmoore would no doubt have council business to attend to.
So it was that armed with new information that Louie and Lulu flew back to the Factory at top speed. Pearl was due to arrive at any moment. Yes it was all go and it was exciting!
Pearl indeed arrived at the Factory soon after Louie and Lulu had arrived. Import kindly made them all a cup of gum leaf tea. The trio then filed into Louie's office. It was first of all that Louie and Lulu reported on today's findings at the farm. Pearl was pleased. She smiled to herself. Yes; everything seemed to be going to plan. 
'It's a bit of a guess', Pearl commenced by saying. 'But I believe that we have got at least another week or so before the effluent rises to a level where that lot will notice it. The Grovelmores while they are in residence might notice a bit of a smell. Even so, I'm sure that they will think it is coming from the milking shed. This gives us time now to get on with the other part of my plan'.
Louie Lulu and Pearl were sitting around a conference table in Louie's office. This was sipping their gum leaf tea. The two bees listened intently as Pearl explained the plan she had in mind. It went like this:
It was in Pearl's mind that there were two main issues to be dealt with. These were issues that related to the ongoing welfare of the insect community; and to a lesser degree the welfare of the village ratepayers. 
The first issue was that the councillors and the executive of the council had to be stopped from squandering ratepayer's money. Secondly it was because of the culture of greed and dishonesty that existed within the council; and the resulting blatant disregard for environmental issues; the existing administration had to be removed and replaced.
Pearl had found the answer from extensive research in the village library. In particular this was the means by which a council administration; that is councillors and the executive; could be replaced. There had to be a major event of blatant incompetence by such an administration. If blatant incompetence was found to be of a sufficient magnitude; central government would then step in. First of all councillors and staff would be dismissed. Installed in their place would be a central government commissioner. It would then be the commissioner's job to appoint and set up a new administration.
The first part of Pearl's plan was for the three of them; that is Louie Lulu and Pearl; to head to the village Bank. This was where the council held its Bank account. Pearl's idea was for her to merge with the Bank manager. She then wanted Louie and Lulu to merge with the two next in line administration staff.
It was to be once this merging business had been achieved that Pearl was to call the two administration staff members into "her"' office. It would be then behind closed doors that the three would transfer all of the council funds into a newly created holding account. In fact more funds than those available would be transferred so the council account was at its overdraft limit. It would be once the funds had been transferred that all records of the transfer to the holding account would be deleted. That way there would be no evidence as to where the funds had gone! It would be a confusing situation. The only comment the bank would be able to make; this was when the council wanted to spend ratepayers money; would be "Sorry no funds available sonny; you are overdrawn". Oh dear! Ratepayers of course would have their own bank records showing proof of payment of rates. However, it would show up as gross incompetence on the part of the council for "spiriting away" or not at least accounting for ratepayer's contributions. What a mess!
It would be as our three; that is two bees and a moth; investigated things that there would be some interesting transactions that would be revealed. No doubt there would be evidence showing the disappearance of council funds into a certain dairy farm - possibly under the name of Appleton Estate expenses. Maybe there would be consent fees and the purchase of pipe work? Who knows what the intrepid team would find on investigation. These transactions were not to be removed so that evidence remained of naughty greedy things carried out under the direction of the councillors!
It would be to prevent the councillors and their families from consuming any more council funds; this was while away on the so called "fact finding mission"; all credit cards in the councillor's names and their families were to be cancelled and deleted. It would be as if the credit card facilities had never existed. It might mean an early home coming from the lovely holiday the councillors and their families were enjoying! What a nuisance! 
It would be once that there was no money in the council bank account that anyone owed money by the council; that is such as contractors and staff; would soon be making loud noises as to why they weren't being paid. The council administration would have no satisfactory explanation for this minor little problem! The council would in effect come to a standstill. A commissioner would ultimately have to be appointed to keep essential services operating; not to mention sorting out the mess
It was to be on the appointment of a commissioner that Pearl intended to merge with either him or her. She would then take over the process of reinstatement of the council administration. What Pearl had in mind was to put in place a system that had integrity and values. There was to be integrity and values within the council that were more akin to those of the insect community. That is devoid of greed and dishonesty.
Pearl's intention was that while utilising the commissioner as her host she would call for submissions from the village community. That is submissions from those who would be interested to serve on the council as a councillor or mayor. In submitting names; those wishing to serve on the council would have to state what they required in the way of remuneration. This was together with how they proposed to serve the village. It would be on that basis that the village community could then vote for the most cost effective mayor. They could also vote for councillors who genuinely had the village interests at heart.
As far as Pearl was concerned; she felt after having observed the antics of the existing council administration; the community would have been better served by a team of children attending kindergarten. It would have certainly cost a lot less.
Pearl had also decided in her wisdom that because the village was not great in size that four councillors plus the mayor would be sufficient. Naturally Grovelmoore and his staff would be fired and replaced at the discretion of the new mayor and councillors. This would be with perhaps a little "merged" guidance from Pearl!
It was on having outlined her plan to Louie and Lulu that Pearl said with a mischievous smile. 'Well that's it team, what do you think?'
'Unbelievable Pearl', Louie responded.
'I knew it would be something clever', Lulu said with a sigh of admiration.
'That's the plan as I see it', Pearl continued. 'We may find as we go along that things need to be changed. For one it depends on what we find with the council bank account. It also depends on what happens at the farm and how soon the councillors return from their little holiday. Another factor of course is how soon it will be before a commissioner is appointed. There are a few things beyond our control. Even so, we can manage our way through these issues'.
'We're right with you Pearl', Louie responded. 'We have to see this through to preserve our future'.
'Exactly right Louie. One thing I need to add is that once the new councillors are in place we will return to the bank. We will then move the money in the holding account back into the council account where it belongs'.
Pearl paused to reflect for a moment. This was before going on to say. 'I'd like to move quickly on this. If you two can manage it, please could we all go and start at the Bank tomorrow. It will take a few days for the holiday makers to realise that their credit cards are no longer valid. If we start at the bank tomorrow; the return of the councillors will probably coincide with the point in time when there is a bit of a stink down at the farm'.
Louie and Lulu were more than happy to assist Pearl at the Bank the following day. It was on that basis that Louie said. 'How about we meet at the tunnel at ten Pearl. Lulu and I will first head to the farm to see what is going on. Then we can meet you back at the tunnel with any information that we might have gleaned'.
'That would be great', Pearl confirmed. 'I really am excited about this job. It is quite complex. Even so, I believe if we can pull it off we will have not only helped secure the future of our own community but of the people of the village as well'.
So it was with the necessary arrangements in place that Pearl left the Factory. This was to fly back to her apartment. She was smiling to herself as she did. Yes; everything was going to be alright in relation to the future of her precious community.
Lulu was smiling too when Pearl had departed. In fact she hugged Louie. 
'Tell you what Lulu', Louie said. 'I feel excited about what we will be doing. Let's have lunch at the Nest Café. Somehow I feel like celebrating. We can drop in and see Tiger and Lily on the way too'.
'Yes my bee', Lulu agreed. 'Let's do just that'.
****
It was on the following day; this was Tuesday and the day of mischievousness at the Bank; that first thing, Louie and Lulu flew to the farm. They arrived there about 8.00 a.m. It was by all accounts that things looked normal. One point of interest on this occasion was that there was a large articulated milk tanker outside the milking shed taking a delivery of milk. 
One thing that Louie and Lulu noticed was that there was a slight weeping brown patch of stain that had appeared on the outside of the brick foundation of the house. This was on the side closest to the milking shed. Fortunately it wasn't significant enough for anybody to have been concerned about it. The important thing was that at least it was confirmed that effluent was building up under the house.
It was while Louie and Lulu were observing the situation from the tree that Grovelmoore and his son were talking to the milk tanker driver. They duly signed some dispatch papers before the tanker left. It was when the tanker had departed that Grovelmoore left his son to it and then drove off in his car. 
'Nothing to see yet', Louie commented to Lulu. 'Let's head back to the Factory for an hour or so before we meet with Pearl'.
'Good idea', Lulu agreed. 'Louie I'd suggest that on the way back we fly over to the stream where the effluent pipe ends. Let's just check for sure that there nothing coming out of it'.
'Good idea Lulu'.
Yes; fortunately Louie and Lulu found it to be that nothing was coming out of the pipe. All was well. Louie then made the comment. 'It's a good thing that this outlet is quite a way from the milking shed. That lot are too lazy to walk this far and check it. It would probably spoil everything if they did discover there was nothing coming out'.
It was later on in the morning that at 10.00 a.m Louie and Lulu met with Pearl at the tunnel. It was from there that the three went on through the quartz to move on inside the Bank. It was once in the bank; this was in their invisible forms; that Pearl whispered to Louie and Lulu. 'Right team; just follow me. The main thing is to avoid touching anybody. I'll let you know what to do as we go along'.
Pearl first had a look around for the manager's office. Yes there it was. The door was closed. It was with Louie and Lulu following close behind that Pearl moved to the door and knocked. The manager; a man; duly opened the door. With Pearl being invisible it was initially that he was surprised that no one was there. It was within seconds that Pearl had merged with him. She then whispered to Louie and Lulu to come into the office. Of course Pearl in using the manager as her host could no longer see Louie or Lulu. On that basis she and asked them to stay close to her so that she could talk to them.
'What I need to do', Pearl continued. 'Is to sit here for a moment as the manager. I need to determine; this is while using his knowledge; which two staff members would be best to work with. That is for us to manipulate the council bank account'.
It was after a minute or so of deliberation that Pearl stood up. She then moved to look through a glass partition. This was into an area behind where the tellers were at the counter.
'Louie Lulu; see over there', Pearl said while pointing, 'There's a woman in blue sitting at a desk with her back to us. Lulu if you could merge with her. Next to her on her right is a young man sitting at a desk. Louie could you please merge with him. When you have merged sit there simply acting exactly as those two people normally would. I'll give you a couple of minutes to become familiar with your hosts.  Then I'll call you both into my office'.
Louie and Lulu duly went and merged with their hosts. Pearl as the manager in knowing the names of the two staff members subsequently called them into "her" office. As far as other staff members in the vicinity were concerned there was nothing out of the ordinary for the Manager; that is Pearl; to do so.  So far so good!
It was once our three were in the manager's office that they then set about creating a holding account. This was an account into which would be transferred all the proceeds from the council account. It was when the new account had been created that Pearl then said. 'We need to give this new account a name. I'd suggest that we call it "Tiger Lily Holdings Ltd!"' Not unnaturally; Louie and Lulu agreed. It was a most appropriate name!
Louie Lulu and Pearl worked for over an hour. It was ultimately that all the credit card accounts operated by the council were deleted. The council bank account which included many subsidiary accounts no longer had any funds available. The overdraft facility had been run significantly over its limit. This was as a means to prompt the Bank to ask a few questions as to why this had occurred. 
The end result was that an account by the name of Tiger Lily Holdings Ltd had been created. It was within this account that had been deposited all the council funds. Then there was the Council account that now had no funds at all; in fact it was in overdraft. The thing was that any subsequent inspection of the council account would reveal that it had never had any funds - what had they done with ratepayers money for goodness sake? It might be thought that there would be a record of funds being transferred to the Tiger Lily account. No there wasn't. This was because the way Pearl had organised it; this account had been dated to have been in existence for twenty years. Fictitious trading deposits over these twenty years accounted for the money. Of course as far as the Bank was concerned; this was in "balancing the books"; there was no problem because there had been no net change in assets. Very clever Pearl. She had certainly been having a good look at books on financial accounting at the library! 
It had been on investigating the council accounts by our three that it had become obvious there had definitely been some serious dishonest mischief making. In particular this was in relation to the Appleton Estate. The milking equipment; this was together with the shed that it was in; had been funded with council money in the name of property maintenance. Then there were thousands of dollars allocated to pipe installation in the name of flood prevention. Yes; it was all very interesting.
So it was ultimately with all the council's money safely stashed away in the Tiger Lily Holdings account; and no record of the money ever being transferred; the three insects set about demerging from their hosts.
'Louie Lulu', Pearl had said. 'You two go back to your normal places and demerge from your hosts. When you have; let's meet and compare notes outside in the square. That is before we head back home'.
It was once away from the Bank and out in the square that the three; this was in their invisible forms; relaxed and congratulated themselves on a job well-done.
'It's a waiting game now', Pearl went on to say. 'Within a few days all manner of things are going to happen! I can't wait. The situation will become extremely serious. I would say that there will be a commissioner in place fairly smartly to sort things out. What I will do is come through the quartz each day to the Bank; and to the council for that matter; to see what is going on. If you two could keep checking at the farm each day that would be great. Let's keep in touch with our findings'.
So it was that the excited trio headed back through the quartz to carry on with their normal activities for the day. Much was about to happen as will soon be seen. 

Chapter 28
Oh dear!

It was over the following few days that Pearl checked in daily at the bank. Having done so, she would merge with the bank manager. It became obvious to Pearl within a short space of time that the bank manager was more than a little concerned about the status of the council bank account. It was by the Friday that there had been several calls to the bank manager from Mayor Twyfle, Shufflegrub, and the other councillors. They were demanding to know why their credit cards were being rejected; poor things!
The bank manager with his ongoing concerns in relation to the council financial status had been trying without success to get some answers. He had been trying to find someone at the council who could explain why the council account was so significantly overdrawn. In fact the bank was by this time threatening to seize council assets to cover the shortfall. Should that ever occur it would indeed help the cause for Pearl's agenda.
It was with all the councillors away that the only person available to take all the flack was the chief executive officer. That is our good friend Grovelmoore. Grovelmoore was soon getting close to a state of panic. This was because he had to spend a great deal of time back at the council when he was supposed to be managing the dairy farm! Worst of all he was in the position of appearing to be a completely incompetent fool in not being able to explain where the council funds had gone! Shufflegrub had phoned him on numerous occasions. In particular this was to abuse Grovelmoore for not getting things sorted out. 
Pearl was enjoying all this nonsense. It was all going to plan. The way things were panning out it would be any time soon that a commissioner would need to be appointed. Also it wouldn't be long before the "team" on the "fact finding mission" would be heading back due to lack of funds. How embarrassing.
Pearl was keeping in touch on a regular basis with Louie and Lulu. This was to keep them informed about what was going on. Louie and Lulu had in turn been visiting the farm each day. Things at the farm appeared to be carrying on as normal. Even so, it appeared to be that the Grovelmoore family were worried about serious odour problems. Yes odour problems that were close to driving them out of the house. It was in addition that more brown stains had appeared about the foundations of the house. Even so it was at this stage that nobody had taken any notice.
It was on the following Tuesday that Louie and Lulu had made their usual 8.00a.m visit to the farm. It had happened. What Louie and Lulu could see on arrival was the entire Grovelmoore family standing outside the front of the house. This was some distance away on the other side of the driveway. A point of interest here was that they were all dressed in their night attire! Obviously something had happened sometime during the night. Yes; something had happened alright. The cow effluent had come up through the floor and flooded all of the ground floor rooms. In fact when Louie and Lulu had arrived; the stinking effluent was flowing out the front door. It was then flowing across the veranda and on down the front steps. As a result there was a pool of the stuff covering the driveway to quite a depth. To make matters worse the Grovelmoore car was right in the middle of the cess pool that had formed on the driveway! 
It has to be said that the resulting the stench was overpowering. The Grovelmoore family couldn't get anywhere near the house or the milking shed because of the smell. Consequently the milking operation just carried on doing what it was supposed to do. That is producing more milk and more effluent! 
Grovelmoore couldn't believe what he was seeing. There were immediate thoughts of "What would Shufflegrub do to him?" In fact thoughts of Shufflegrub and what he might do drove Grovelmoore to yell to his family. 'Run for it! Get in the car!' 
So it was without a moment's hesitation that the Grovelmoore family splashed their way through the effluent to get into the car. It was within an instant that they were gone! In fact the Grovelmoore family was never seen again; not by anybody. Grovelmoore wasn't going to wait around for Shufflegrub that was for sure!
'Oh my goodness', Lulu said to Louie. 'Let's get Pearl down here to have a look!'
'Phoning her now', Louie confirmed.
Pearl was with them within about twenty minutes. It was on arrival; and having joined Louie and Lulu high up in the Kauri tree; that she said with a certain amount of fiendish delight. 'What a mess! This is better than I ever thought it could be. Everything is obviously going to plan. I discovered yesterday that the councillors are on their way back today. They will be here tomorrow. Shufflegrub won't be too pleased!'
It was then that Lulu made a suggestion. It was a good one. 'I wonder Pearl. If the councillors aren't due back until tomorrow; why don't we do our little trick of reducing the cows to calves! Of course we'll have to return to the tunnel and come back through the quartz. Right now there's nobody around to see what we are doing and there probably won't be for some time'. 
'Great idea Lulu; well-done!' Pearl exclaimed. She was excited with the prospect of more mischief. 'In fact Lulu', Pearl continued. 'It really would be a good idea to do this now so that the cows don't go on producing more milk'.
So it was that half an hour later, Louie Lulu and Pearl were back again having gone through the quartz. This was so that they could do the necessary job with the cows. The resulting work was time consuming. Even so, the team managed to reduce all the cows to calves within four hours.
'Another surprise for Shufflegrub!' Pearl had said with glee. This was when the three had finished. It was having attended to the cows that Louie Lulu and Pearl took a look at the house. Yes; the poor old house that had once been the pride and joy of Mrs Appleton surely was in a mess right then
'I guess Pearl', Louie said on looking at the state the house was in. 'Once the new council is established it wouldn't be too much of a problem to get the house cleaned up again?'
'Exactly Louie. Perhaps a bit of merging with the new councillors on our part will ensure that it is dealt with promptly!'
'What do you suggest we do now Pearl?' Lulu then asked.
'I reckon the next step Lulu is to wait for the councillors to return from their wonderful holiday. I intend to spend most of the day at the council tomorrow to keep an eye on what is going on. I need to watch out for the appointment of a commissioner. Once the councillors arrive back I will come back through the quartz and give you two a call You can then both join me at the council and see what happens'.
Lulu scrunched her hands in excitement. She then said to Pearl. 'Oh this is so good Pearl. It's all working out beautifully so far'.
'Yes it is Lulu. I must admit we have been really fortunate with a few things. Luck has been on our side. I must leave you both and head back now. You two stay for a while. We'll catch-up again tomorrow'.
Louie and Lulu did as Pearl had suggested. They did stay on for a while. It was fascinating watching the young calves frolicking around. Louie and Lulu flew over all of the calves to ensure that they were eating grass. It was of concern that if they had made any of the calves too young so to speak; they wouldn't be able to feed themselves. All was well.
'Let's head back through the quartz now Lulu', Louie said. 'I suggest we call it a day and spend the afternoon at home with Tiger and Lily. Import can look after the Factory for us'. 
'Yes please Louie. That would be just perfect. I believe that we have earned it!'
Louie and Lulu duly flew on home. It was within a few minutes that they had landed on the sundeck of their little house. This was much to the delight of Tiger and Lily who had rushed out to greet their parents. Rose was there too. She also came out of the house to greet Louie and Lulu. In fact Rose had something of interest to reveal to Louie and Lulu. Yes; Rose said with a smile on her face. 'I believe that Tiger and Lily want to show you something'.
So it was that Tiger and Lily had lined up side by side in front of Louie and Lulu. They were uttering something that sounded like. 'Ook at me, ook at me'. It was then that Tiger and Lily proceeded to flap their little wings for all they were worth. Yes; they then lifted off the sundeck to hover in front of their parents. This was for a short time before landing back down on the sundeck. The pair were panting with the effort!
'Oh you wonderful little bees', Lulu proclaimed. This was while holding her hands to her face - not to mention the appearance of a tear or two of joy.
'Well-done!' Louie exclaimed. 'Show us again, show us again!'
So it was that following a couple more "Ook at me's", the pair did it again. The height gained was a little bit less this time. The little wings were getting tired. Even so, they had managed to do it! 
Louie and Lulu clutched the little bees to hold them close. This was while stroking them with affection. They were so proud of them. Louie looked at Lulu and smiled. All the work they were doing with Pearl was certainly worthwhile. There were thoughts of the selfishness the council had displayed in having total disregard for its ratepayers and the environment. Yes; the council had to be taught a lesson.
****
We now move on to the following morning. It was by this time Wednesday. Louie and Lulu happened to be at the Factory when Louie had a call on his smellphone from Pearl. Her reason for calling was that the councillors were due back from their holiday at any time. Pearl had come back through the quartz to phone Louie. She suggested that he and Lulu come through the quartz as soon as possible. This was to meet with her in the council chambers. 
So it was in having heard from Pearl that a somewhat excited Louie quickly went and advised Lulu. It was following a hurried consultation with Import that the two bees were off to the tunnel. It was then through the quartz and on to the council that they went. Sure enough; Pearl was there waiting in the council chambers. Louie and Lulu could see her somewhat distinctive and beautiful blue shape. She was standing in the corner of the chambers well away from others that were present. Louie and Lulu moved swiftly and silently to join her. 
Seemingly all was not good! Apparently most of the council staff had walked off the job. This was because they hadn't been paid. Grovelmoore had gone forever so the administration function was without a leader to sort things out. At this point in time the councillors hadn't arrived. From what Pearl had gleaned they were on their way from the airport. It was certainly going to be interesting to see what happened when they did arrive. Little did they know what they would be facing.
The bank manager was in attendance in the chambers. He was had been trying in vain to get answers out of anybody who might know what the hell was going on. This was in particular as to why the council bank account had no funds whatsoever. Not to mention the working account being overdrawn.
It was apart form the bank manager that there were quite a number of contractors demanding payment for services rendered. What a welcoming committee for the team coming home prematurely from a wonderful holiday!
It was aside from the aforementioned disgruntled people in attendance that there was one person that Pearl felt might be exceedingly useful. It was a "chappy" from the Dairy Board by the name of Des Pickable. A most unusual name it has to be said. He was no oil painting either. Pearl's first impression on clapping eyes on him had been "weasel". Anyway; weasel Des seemingly knew Shufflegrub exceedingly well on a business basis. His reason for being in the council chamber was that he had apparently got wind of the fact that Shufflegrub was due back at anytime soon. 
Pearl in being curious had taken the trouble to merge briefly with weasel Des. Primarily this was to find out what he was up to. From what Pearl had gleaned it appeared to be that what this fellow wanted to do was to have a look at the dairy farm. This was before taking Shufflegrub to lunch. Oh yes; the reasoning behind this was that Shufflegrub was going to be one of the biggest and most efficient suppliers of milk in the area. As far as weasel Des was concerned there could be some cosy arrangements to do devious greedy things. In particular this was for him and Shufflegrub to make money by undercutting and squeezing out some of the smaller farms. It was a case of the old "I'll scratch your back if you scratch mine" scenario. Yes; price undercutting and resulting liquidations could mean takeovers and a monopoly in dairying operations. Once a monopoly was established, price hikes for dairy products would make weasel Des and Shufflegrub millions - so he thought the grubby little devil he was. So there it was. It was quite a mixture of people awaiting the return of the councillors. 
****
The happy councillors and Mayor Twyfle arrived back a little after mid morning. Shufflegrub was exceedingly mad about having to come back because of the no more money issue. It was with much arm waving that he shouted. 'Somebody's head will roll for this. Nobody; I tell you nobody embarrasses me like this and gets away with it!'
None of the councillors knew the true gravity of the situation of course. Mayor Twyfle told those waiting in the chambers that they would have to make an appointment with his secretary and to not bother him now. Mayor Twyfle's attitude was not to have any direct contact with the hoi polloi from the village; or even the bank manager for that matter.
The arrogance on the part of the mayor and the councillors was the catalyst to fire up the bank manager. He went away and got straight onto the country's Prime Ministerial Office. It was just how Pearl wanted it to be. It would be as a result of the bank manager's call that there would probably be a commissioner appointed within twenty four hours.
Once the hoi polloi had departed from the council chambers; this was with much protesting it might be added; Shufflegrub went over to his mate from the Dairy Board. He was interested to find out why he wanted to see him. It was when weasel Des had relayed his idea that Shufflegrub had thought "What a good idea". Yes; a visit to the dairy farm and a spot of lunch! He felt that doing so would divorce him from the irritating nonsense that was happening around him. Shufflegrub suggested that seeing he was dropping his family off; who were waiting impatiently outside in the car; that weasel Des should follow in his car. Splendid!
One thing that concerned Shufflegrub to a degree was that most of the staff appeared to be missing. This of course included Grovelmoore himself. It had meant that much to Shufflegrub's disappointment he hadn't been able to abuse anybody in relation to the debacle with the credit cards. Even so, he put such issues to the back of his mind for the interim. Quite frankly he was looking forward to discussing making more money with weasel Des over lunch. The council could go to hell for the time being.
It was immediately upon the departure of Shufflegrub and weasel Des that Pearl said to Louie and Lulu. 'Quick! Let's fly down to the farm and see what happens!'
So it was that Louie Lulu and Pearl quickly left the council. They flew at great speed off to the farm to wait for the Shufflegrub and weasel Des to arrive. Of course with our trio being through the quartz in their invisible forms they could fly at some speed. They were at the farm within minutes
It was having landed close to the house that Lulu said. 'Oh gosh; what on earth will happen next?'
'I believe', Pearl responded. 'That we are heading into the final phase of our operation now. By tomorrow there should be a commissioner appointed at the council. It will be the end of those dishonest rogues who form the council now. I don't believe that Shufflegrub will stay around after he sees what has happened here at the farm anyway!'
So it was that the three insects in their invisible forms sat and waited for Shufflegrub and co to arrive. It was while they did that the milking shed continued to function as it had been programmed to do so. That is with the small proviso that there were of course no cows remaining. Only calves remained so no milk was being produced. The calves had no instinct to go anywhere near the milking shed. Even so; water and any remaining effluent was still being pumped under the house. As a consequence it continued to flow in copious quantities out the front door, across the veranda, and on down the steps. This was to then pool on the driveway. Quite frankly what could be seen on the driveway was a mini sewerage pond.  
The moment that Louie Lulu and Pearl had been waiting for arrived. Sure enough, on up the driveway came the Shufflegrub car. This was followed closely by the Dairy Board chappy whom we have come to know as being weasel Des. 
It was on having arrived and stopped at the front of the house that Shufflegrub got out of his car. In being stunned by what he could see he wasn't really thinking what he was doing. On that basis he stepped into ankle deep effluent. Yes; he stared speechless for a moment in absolute amazement. Apart from the shock of what he could see, the stench was overpowering! 
It was within a moment or two that Louie was sure he had heard the same word that Bull Neck had used sometime ago. This was when the insects had stopped the water pipe project. Yes there was the ear-splitting utterance by Shufflegrub of the word 'D-U-C-K!!!!'; or maybe something similar. "Hmmm" - strange Louie had thought.
Weasel Des had also got out of his car. He subsequently sloshed his way over to Shufflegrub; this was while holding his nose; and said. 'I say Shufflegwub, what sort of an operwation do we call this? Looks more like a fertiliser factorwy to me!'
Shufflegrub couldn't believe it. He continued to survey the scene before him. He did so in utter silence. Having looked at the fields to the north; the most amazing thing was that there were two hundred calves instead of two hundred cows! What on earth had happened to them? Was he dreaming? Secretly he was wondering if his past dishonest indiscretions had caught up with him. Was it some sort of divine intervention! Which I suppose in some ways it was!
It was too much for Shufflegrub. He ignored his mate weasel Des. Instead he sloshed his way back through the effluent to get back into his car. He then drove off at speed back up the driveway. Shufflegrub and his family; this was just as was the case with the Grovelmoore family; were never seen again. Rumour has it that after seeing the cows reduced to calves; the Shufflegrub family sought salvation by withdrawing from society to a religious retreat. May god rest their souls!
It was when the Shufflegrub family had departed that weasel Des did the same. It was then that Pearl said. 'Well that's got rid of that lot. Well done team. When this is all over w e are going to celebrate! Not today though. Tomorrow I will need to head to the council. I need to wait for the commissioner to arrive. I will give you two a call when something happens'.
So it was that the three returned through the quartz. Pearl immediately flew off back to her apartment to prepare herself for the following day. Louie and Lulu decided to head home to enjoy some lunch. This was with Rose as well as Tiger and Lily. What a good idea!
****
It was on the following day that Pearl went back through the quartz to the council chambers. She knew she didn't have to go too early because the councillors felt it was their arrogant right to never commence business before 10.00a.m.
It was by 10.30a.m that Mayor Twyfle and the councillors; that is apart from Shufflegrub; were seated in the council chamber. They were worried. This was in the main because there were no staff on hand to look after their morning tea and bikkies. The councillors couldn't start without having tea and bikkies; it was unheard of!
It was because of the situation that had arisen that Mayor Twyfle ordered a junior councillor to go and fetch tea and bikkies; and to be quick about it. It was then by 11.15a.m that the mayor and councillors had had their tea and bikkies. It was on with the business at hand.
Mayor Twyfle started the proceedings by saying. 'Does anybody know where Councillor Shufflegrub is?'
Nobody did.
It was following a lengthy silence that the Mayor continued by barking instructions to the other councillors. 'Would somebody fetch Grovelmoore. We need him here so that we can get to the bottom of this staffing and financial nonsense!' 
Yes; Mayor Twyfle was confidant that a little application of his authority would soon sort everything out. After all he was the mayor. People bowed to his needs and ran about the place calling him 'Your Worship'!'
'Grovelmoore has gone', one of the councillors had responded.
'What do you mean gone?' The mayor retorted. This was while becoming slightly concerned. He was concerned that he might have to get directly involved in sorting something out; and even make a decision. In order to try and extricate himself for any responsibility; Mayor Twyfle then barked to the others. 'Will somebody go and find him then!'
Quite frankly the councillors' attitude was for the mayor to go and find Grovelmoore himself. They had manipulated the mayor in the past. They weren't about to change things now and let him have his way. Fetching the morning tea had been bad enough!
It ended up being a bit of an impasse. This was because Mayor Twyfle had no intention of lowering himself to the level where he actually had to go and do something. To save face he called for the council meeting to be adjourned until such time as Grovelmoore could be found.
So it was with the meeting adjourned; the mayor and the councillors shuffled their papers and put them back in their brief cases. It was as they were doing so that a figure appeared at the door to the council chambers. It was a man in his forties. He was tall and lean. He had cruel piercingly blue eyes. His hair was thick and jet black. It was brushed fiercely back from his forehead. His face was shaped like a ferret. He wore an ominously black suit. Quite frankly he looked like the very devil himself. It was for a moment that the new arrival stood in the doorway. This was to survey the mayor and the councillors.
It was Mayor Twyfle who spoke first. It was with a certain amount of indignant anger in his voice that he said. 'Who the hell are you? You don't come barging in here like this. Get out!'
This was completely the wrong way for the mayor to address the tall dark stranger. The imposing figure at the door stood his ground. He didn't budge. He remained staring at the mayor for what seemed to be an eternity. It was then in what was a voice of earthy timbre and gravelly depth that the stranger said. 'My name is Direshark. I am a government appointed commissioner. I have come to take control of this council effective as of now. Here is my warrant'. 
Direshark moved to the mayor and flashed his warrant in front of him. Direshark then continued by saying. 'You will all sit down. Anybody attempting to leave before I give the authority to do so will risk arrest by the police'.
The mayor and the councillors duly obeyed. They sat down in silence not believing what was happening. It has to be said that they were way out of their comfort zone. It was within their minds that guilty consciences were coming to the fore like clouds of doom.
It was while Direshark was addressing the now subdued and somewhat terrified councillors that Pearl slipped away. She went back through the quartz to phone Louie and Lulu on her smellphone. This was to let them know that the commissioner had arrived and to come on down.
It was when Pearl had returned to the council chambers that Direshark was attempting to get information out of the councillors. In particular this was as to why the council had no funds.
Mayor Twyfle had made a feeble initial response by saying. 'It's nothing to do with us. You will have to talk to our chief executive officer Grovelmoore'.
It was at this point that Pearl merged with the commissioner. She then; this was with much glee; took over the grilling of the councillors. Of course Pearl had far more information than Direshark about what the councillors had been up to. It was under Pear's questioning that the councillors had no satisfactory answers as to:

1. Why councillor's families had gone on the fact finding mission with all expenses paid?
2. Why the Appleton Estate had not been left to the people as requested?
3. Why there had been the purchase of hugely expensive milking equipment under the guise of property maintenance?
4. Why was the council virtually bankrupt?
5. Why expensive council cars belonging to Shufflegrub and Grovelmoore were unaccounted for?
6. Why when the council was short of funds had it been voted to double councillor's remuneration?
7. Why had there been a sizeable bonus payment to Grovelmoore when there was nothing to justify it?
8. Why had it been decided to double the number of councillors and appoint five directors?
9. Why had it been against the villager's wishes that it had been decided to turn designated reserve land into a housing development?
10. On whose authority was it that there were two hundred cows at the Appleton Estate?

Yes; the mayor and councillors knew they had been caught out. They had no satisfactory answers. They sat in mortified silence. The question uppermost in their minds was how on earth did Direshark know all of this? Clever Pearl!
Louie and Lulu had arrived by this time. It was from a discreet distance away that they were watching Pearl at work. Pearl laid it clearly on the line to the councillors that personally they were each to deposit $50,000 into the council bank account. This was as some recompense to ratepayers who had been cheated big time. If the councillors and mayor didn't obey they would be arrested for fraud. Pearl knew that this would probably not in all reality be enforceable in a court but it was worth a try.
Mayor Twyfle groaned. How could this be happening? He and the councillors were above all this. After all it was their right to take money off the ratepayers and squander it;  not the other way around. 
It was then that Pearl rummaged through Direshark's bag. Yes; she found what she wanted. This was the resignation forms for the councillors and mayor to sign. Things were falling into place. It was on having retrieved the forms that Pearl; this was with Direshark as her host; sat in silence for a moment. It was while sitting in silence that she systematically glared at the terrified mayor and each of the councillors in turn. It was then that she spoke in Direshark's voice. 'As far as I am concerned you lot are about as useless as a ranch slider on a submarine! I want you all to sign these resignation forms and depart immediately. You have been made aware of the consequences if you don't deposit $50,000 in the council bank account. I want the money deposited immediately after you leave here. Is that quite clear? You have one hour!' 
It was in response that the mayor and councillors nodded in agreement. Pearl then continued her tirade by saying. 'None of you are to set foot in this place or be seen anywhere near this council again'.
So it was that the mayor and councillors duly signed the forms. They then departed somewhat hurriedly with their tails between their legs. Intuitively they knew they had done wrong. They had been given the option to pay the $50,000 as an out. They didn't want to be in court for fraud; and to face the prospect of jail time. On that basis they went away to do as Pearl had bid. Pearl then placed all the resignations neatly in a pile in front of Direshark on the table.
It was when the mayor and councillors had departed; and the chambers were empty; that Pearl called out. 'Are you there Louie and Lulu?'
It was Lulu who responded by saying. 'Yes we're right beside you Pearl. That was brilliant'.
'Thanks guys. It's not quite over yet. We still have some work to do. What I want to do now is get one of you to change places with me as Direshark. When you have, I'll head to the Bank and merge with the Bank Manager. It will be then that I will phone Direshark to tell him that the councillors have deposited funds into the council bank account. Direshark will then be able to get staff back and pay them. This will at least get the council functioning again'.
It was Lulu who said. 'I'll change places with you Pearl'.
'Thanks Lulu. When I phone; just answer Direshark's cell phone. I will then tell you what to do'.
Lulu and Pearl changed places so that Direshark was now Lulu's host. Pearl then headed off to merge with the bank manager. Not unnaturally she had taken Direshark's cellphone number with her.
It was when Pearl had arrived at the Bank that strangely enough there was a line of sad looking ex-councillors making deposits! Once Pearl had merged with the bank manager she phoned Direshark's cellphone number. Lulu duly answered.
'Is that you Pearl?' Lulu enquired a little tentatively.
'Yes it is', Pearl confirmed. 'What I want you to do now Lulu is demerge from Direshark. When you have; you and Louie just wait and watch until I get back'.
Lulu demerged from Direshark as directed by Pearl. Direshark looked a little startled initially. It was as if he had woken from a dream. He had his cell phone to his ear and someone was talking to him. Yes it was the bank manager; well so he thought. It was actually Pearl using the bank manager as her host.  
Pearl as the bank manager advised Direshark that the council bank account was now close to being back in the black. She thanked Direshark for what he had done to remedy the council's fiscal deficit. Pearl even went on to say that she would be phoning the Prime Minister's Office to say what a great job Direshark had done! Clever Pearl.
It was when Pearl had ended the call that Direshark still appeared to be a little confused. Louie and Lulu could see this. They assumed that what would be going on in his mind was where had everybody gone? How did the bank manager know his number? Then strangely enough it was in front of him he had the signed resignations of the mayor and councillors. Direshark wasn't really quite sure what had happened. Even so he was amazed how easy it had been to get rid of the existing administration; and to restore working funds to the council bank account! As far as Direshark was concerned it was mission accomplished.
****
So it was that wonderful Pearl Baker-Moth; the Queen of the insects; had done what she had set about to do. This was of course with the assistance of Louie and Lulu. The council administration had been dispensed with and was about to be replaced. It was a new beginning. It was with funds back in the council bank account that Direshark restored the administration staff. He also appointed a council manager. It was under Pearl's "guidance" that Direshark had appointed a manager rather than an expensive CEO as had been the case before.
It was over the following two months that Direshark asked for submissions from the public for names of those who would like to serve as mayor or councillors. During this period Pearl stayed close to Direshark. She merged with him as and when required. She made sure that the request for submissions contained the words "Remuneration required if selected". Yes this was very cunning of Pearl. It meant that only those who had a genuine interest in the welfare of the village would put their names forward.
A new council was indeed duly elected. There were now only four councillors plus the mayor. And guess who the mayor was? Yes it was Mr McFarland! He was overjoyed at the prospect. It gave him the small amount of remuneration that he had asked for. Best of all though he had something to do in his retirement years. It was something that he truly enjoyed!
It was when everything at the council had settled down again; this was under the new administration; that Louie Lulu and Pearl called back at the bank. They took the money out of the "Tiger Lily holding account". Having done so, they closed it and returned the money to the council account. There were now sufficient funds in the council bank account for the councillors to do something amazing. This was to reduce the rates the village residents were paying by twenty five percent! What a happy village!
In due course the Appleton house was restored to how it had once been. All the dairying equipment was removed and disposed of. Native trees and flowers were re-planted. The property was then opened up to the public as had been requested by Mrs Appleton. It was in addition that Reserve land; this was where Louie's Reserve Bank was located; was retained as reserve land. Most important of all was that the stream remained pristine and pollution free. 
Strangely enough it would be over the coming years that the village would prosper. Yes people were attracted by the clean green living; and the low rates!

Chapter 29
A Footnote And Goodbye For Now

It is late autumn now. The new council administration has been successfully in operation for some time. The council itself is thriving with a new core of vitality.
It so happened that Mr McFarland; this was with his little bit of extra remuneration as mayor; had put it to good use. He had painted the shed where of course Louie and Lulu's Factory was. Some of the timber that had been rotting had been replaced. The shed was also given a new roof. Very smart indeed! The future of Louie and Lulu's Factory was assured for sometime to come. In addition the reserve land on which the Reserve Bank was situated remained natural and undisturbed. The store of dollops and scents was safe.
Pearl had been overseeing the council for some time. However her job was now done. With mission completed so to speak she gave Louie a call on her smellphone.
'Hi Louie; Pearl here'.
'Hi Pearl', Louie had responded. 'Good to hear from you'.
'Louie you may remember', Pearl went on to say. 'Some months back I said when our project was over we should all go and celebrate. Let's go and do it!'
'Oh yes please Pearl', Louie responded with much enthusiasm. It was while taking the call from Pearl that Louie whispered to Lulu who was beside him. 'It's Pearl, we are finally going out to celebrate the end of the project!' 
Lulu screwed up her toes and hugged Louie. She was happy because they were all safe and likely to be so for the foreseeable future. Pearl then continued by saying. 'Nothing particularly special in mind. What I suggest is an evening at the Nest Café. It has many memories for us all. It's particularly so with what has taken place over the past year'.
'Oh definitely Pearl', Louie agreed. 'I couldn't agree with you more. I know Lulu will be happy too. We both have some very happy memories of being there'.
'Let's make it Saturday evening; say at seven', Pearl suggested. 'Bring Tiger and Lily with you too. I know Bluie Armstrong and his band are playing. That will bring back some memories of your wedding for you two as well!'
'Fantastic Pearl. We'll see you there at seven'.
It was when Louie had ended the conversation with Pearl that Lulu said; this was while bouncing up and down on her toes. 'What's happening?'
Louie explained. He mentioned that Pearl had asked Tiger and Lily to come as well. In relation to Tiger and Lily it should be explained that the two small bees were by this time capable of flying with their parents. That is without any assistance. Yes the little bees were growing up. Their vocabulary had expanded considerably over the past five months as well.
It was at that moment that Tiger and Lily came to their parents. This was on having detected that there was possibly something to be excited about.
'Wa's up daddy; wa's up mummy', two little voices exclaimed in unison.
Louie and Lulu explained to Tiger and Lily what the "wa's up" was! It was as a result that  the two little creatures danced about the place shouting. 'Yea! see Arny Bell, Yea! see Arny Bell'. 
Louie and Lulu watched the two little bees in their excitement. They hugged each other. Yes; they were all safe now thanks to the wonderful Pearl Baker-Moth and her clever thinking.
Saturday night came around soon enough. In being a special occasion, Lulu was to be wearing her little green mini skirt outfit. It was about her head that she had Louie's favourite pink ribbon. Louie was wearing his spider silk shorts that had been neatly pressed by Lulu. This was as well as the green tie to match Lulu's outfit. To cap it all off; Lulu had painstakingly made similar outfits for Tiger and Lily. Yes; they looked just as cool as their parents!
 It was a coolish evening on the Saturday. At a quarter to seven the four bees moved out onto the sundeck. This was in readiness to fly to the Nest Café.
'Right', Louie pronounced. 'I suggest Lulu that you fly in front with Lily. Tiger and I will follow up at the rear'.
'Yes my bee', Lulu said having given Louie a hug of intense affection that only a bumblebee can.
There was a small amount of moonlight this particular evening. There was certainly enough to be able to see while flying along the stream. Lulu and Lily lifted off the sundeck first. They then headed on down to stream level. Louie and Tiger followed. What a proud moment it was. The bee family was off out on their first official engagement. It was to be a special evening with their Queen and friend Pearl Baker-Moth. 
It was after having flown a short distance along the stream that Louie and Lulu could see Pearl up ahead of them. The four bees speeded up to catch her so they could arrive together.
It was on having landed outside the Nest Café  that Pearl entered first. She was followed by Lulu and Lily and then Louie and Tiger. Basil and Sybil hurried over to greet the five of them. Bluie Armstrong and his band were playing. Bluie on seeing Pearl arrive, quickly changed the tune and played God Save the Queen. It was a special jazzed up version; bless him! Everybody in attendance at the Café clapped and cheered. Pearl duly curtsied and thanked them all. What happiness
When Bluie had spotted Louie and Lulu; this was with Tiger and Lily; he changed the tune to "For they are jolly good fellows". The whole café sang along. Yes Louie and Lulu; this was together with Tiger and Lily; had become much loved bees in the community. Lulu couldn't help it. It was with the emotion of the occasion that she had tears streaming down her stripes. 
Basil showed the five to their table. Yes it was Louie's favourite table by the window. Lulu held Louie close for a moment. She whispered in his ear, 'Thank you, thank you, my bee for everything. I love you so much'.
Louie looked at his Lulu. He responded by saying. 'You look so beautiful Lulu. Dance with me please. I love you too'.
Yes it has to be said that we have now returned to another warm fuzzy bit of our story. Even so, this is entirely appropriate. Let's face it; bumblebees are warm fuzzy little creatures. That aside; Pearl sat down with Tiger and Lily. This was while Louie and Lulu danced.  Tiger was seated to her left and Lily to her right. Pearl was holding the two small bees tightly to her as they watched Louie and Lulu dance together.
A personbird waitress duly arrived at the table. Pearl ordered some drinks. Apart from red wine for herself she also ordered fermented honey nectar for Louie and Lulu. As for Tiger and Lily she ordered unfermented nectar. Chocolate cake and pollen nibbles were to accompany the drinks.
It was following their dance together that Louie and Lulu sat down at the table again. It was then while enjoying the aperitifs Pearl had ordered that they reminisced about what had happened over the past few years. Louie and Lulu proposed a toast to Pearl for what she had achieved. Yes; if it hadn't been for Pearl's cleverness and quick thinking none of the insects of the community would have survived. 
It was a wonderful scene. The Café was buzzing. The band was playing. To add to the ambience; beeswax candles around the walls and on the tables were producing a magic flickering yellow light.
Lulu noticed it first. Doctor Sum Ting Wong and his wife were sitting at a table not far from them. It was the same doctor that had looked after Tiger and Lily before they had come to the home of Louie and Lulu.
'Louie, Pearl', Lulu said while pointing discretely. 'Doctor Sum Ting Wong is sitting over there. Let's take Tiger and Lily over to see him'. 
Pearl looked around to where Lulu was pointing; as did Louie. 'Yes, yes by all means', Pearl agreed. 'Let's all go and say hello to him'.
It was a special reunion. All the wonderful feelings that had been present on Christmas day many months earlier came flooding back. Doctor Wong was most impressed with how Tiger and Lily now looked. Somehow Tiger and Lily knew that Doctor Wong had been a part of their lives. They gave him a huge hug just as small bees can be inclined to do at times! How unique. An Asian paper wasp red with embarrassment! 
Another patron at the Café was Arnold from the Reserve Bank. He was there with his wife. It was so good to see these two insects. They had been good friends and associates of Louie Lulu and Pearl for a number of years. Pearl and the bee family joined Arnold and his wife for a drink and a chat.
It was once back at their table again that Lulu said to Louie and Pearl that she might have something a little special for them. It was subsequently that Lulu went over to the band to whisper something to Bluie Armstrong. Louie and Pearl were watching. The question uppermost in their minds was "What was Lulu up to"?
It was when Lulu had returned to Louie and Pearl that she said to Tiger and Lily. 'Are you ready?'
It was in response to Lulu that Tiger and Lily nodded and giggled. They then walked out onto the dance floor. Yes there it was for all in attendance to see. Two beautifully dressed cute little bees.
Lulu gave a signal to Bluie. The band then played a fast beetrot. For the reader's information a beetrot is similar to a foxtrot. Our two little bees put together a wonderful little dance routine. It was a routine that Lulu had been secretly teaching the pair for the past few weeks. Even Louie didn't know! The dance wasn't perfect. Even so, the cuteness of the two little bees brought tears to the eyes of those at the Nest Café this particular night. Louie and Lulu were just so proud of the two bees. Tiger and Lily did the cutest little bow at the end of their routine. They then ran to their parents shouting, 'Wos that awight? Wos that awight?' Oh yes; that wos awight!
The evening moved on. Pearl made many of the patrons happy by asking them to dance with her. Little did they know though what their Queen had done for them. Lulu and Louie danced together many times. It was as did our two little bees who had gained an enormous amount of confidence following their star performance. Yes; it's as we come to the end of this part of the story that Tiger and Lily were growing up to be two fine young bees.
It was towards the end of the evening that the two little bees fell asleep at the table. How Louie Lulu and Pearl adored those little creatures. It was when it was time to depart that Louie and Lulu lifted the two tired wee bees up onto their backs. It was while reaching to hold them tightly and securely that they headed off out into the night. It was then on home. Pearl accompanied them part of the way. This was before turning away to the west and on up to her apartment. What a good time it had been. What wonderful memories they were that had been revisited. 
****
Before we go we will leave the reader with some mental images of the world of Louie and Lulu. Time wise it is a week after the celebration at the Nest Café. It's early evening. Winter is not far away. The trees have lost their leaves. They look stark on what are often cloudy cool days. Yes; they were often cloudy near winter days when showery squalls would interfere with the insects flying.
The Factory is only working one or two days a week at this time. The demand for services has dropped off again. This is as winter approaches. It's because of this that Louie and Lulu have been able to spend more time at home with Tiger and Lily. In fact Louie has now built another room on their house so that Tiger and Lily have their own bedrooms.
It's on the particular evening that we refer to that there is a full moon. In fact it is a clear frosty night. The stream below the bee house can be seen glistening in the moonlight. The water is pristine-clear and unpolluted. The dollops and scents stored in Louie's Reserve Bank are safe. The future of the insect community along the stream is assured for now.
Inside the little house by the stream the stove is burning brightly. The flames are casting flickering lights and shadows about the room. Louie and Lulu are sitting in front of the stove holding each other close in the warmth. Tiger and Lily are playing on the floor in front of them. To add to the magic of being home there is a faint warm smell of wood smoke from the stove. Louie the bee is safe with his beloved Lulu. Living beside the stream is indeed a good place to be.
****
Just as an afterthought; if you ever feel so inclined; a spot of chocolate cake and red wine is really rather delicious!

The End.

Thank you for reading Louie the Bee. I hope you enjoyed it. 

This is not the end of the story about Louie. No; there is much more to be learnt about the life of Louie and Lulu in the second book "The World Belongs To The Insects". 
In the second book, Louie and his associates discover an unbelievably wonderful place to live. Find out also how the insects relate to the ancient Egyptians. It is truly amazing. 

Take care. Please make the world a better place by looking after Louie's world!

Dave.
