
Love Conquers All!

Copyright by Alex Johnson 2013
Smashwords Edition

Foreword
This is an unusual romance. Taking place during World War II it contains the vagaries of wartime. It is the story of a young country girl caught up in the excitement of war and falling in love with a shy young soldier.
Unfortunately, service life leads to all kinds of surprises, and parting is one of them, so the girl is left bewildered.
Life however can change rapidly and once again an army occurrence gives hope and a chance meeting leads the story along to a happy ending.
I would like to acknowledge the support of Bryan Stables who first encouraged me, and then bullied me, into publishing this book. I am also deeply indebted to Evelyn Carrick who not only typed out everything but produced the finished article.
Alex K Johnson

Chapter One
Alex Waters was a bright but shy boy at the village school. He enjoyed school and his teachers had high hopes that Alex would win a free place at a local grammar school. Alex himself never thought of the future, although he enjoyed playing schools with his friends in the winter months when he was always the teacher. His mother suggested that he might become a teacher, but Alex knew that his parents couldn’t afford to send him to grammar school or university and that free places were seldom offered to village children. His particular ambition was to be a sportsman.
He could run miles without being exhausted and thoroughly enjoyed playing football. He often played with older boys and soon began to make a name for himself. When he was eleven years old he sat the examination for Blaydon Grammar School. The interval between sitting the examination and hearing the result was three months: this didn’t bother Alex although his parents had an anxious wait. When the result came by post Mrs Waters, Alex’s mother, burst into tears much to Alex’s dismay. The letter congratulated Alex on successfully gaining a free place at Blaydon Grammar School. His parents were delighted, even more so when they discovered he was the only child in the village to pass the examination.
Alex was quite pleased at first, but not so sure when he discovered that he had to walk the five and a half miles to the school: worse still, on the return journey had to walk up a steep hill about a mile long. Attending grammar school meant leaving home at 7.20 am and arriving home at 5.30 pm. It was a long day for a young boy but Alex accepted that he had to do it so, when it rained, hailed or snowed, Alex could be seen treading up the hill and along the country road, homeward bound.
--0—
Two young men who had left the village to join the army often came home for a weekend’s leave. When they walked round the village, Alex and his friends would march behind them, imitating them by swinging their arms. Each boy would be heard stating that they were going to join the Durham Light Infantry when they grew up. Alex however, preferred to keep silent. The idea of leaving home didn’t appeal to him, even at this age.
Pupils at grammar school were expected to stay until they were eighteen years of age, but many left at sixteen, for money was scarce. Some children were expected to leave school and go to work to help out the family income. Alex was no exception and he too left school at the earliest opportunity. His father had been injured at the local colliery and was on a minimum wage. Alex was needed to supplement the household finances. He spent hours writing for jobs to no avail. Then one day a letter arrived saying he could fill the vacancy of office boy at a big firm in Newcastle upon Tyne. His parents were delighted and pointed out to him that one day he may be the managing director of the firm. Alex wasn’t so sure of that. He wasn’t looking forward to sitting in an office all day and every day, for he was a lover of the outdoors.
He took the job and soon became a popular member of the firm and quickly rose from office boy to clerk. His free time was spent playing tennis in the summer and table tennis and football in the winter. While his friends were dancing and enjoying the company of girls he was cycling and training. Alex was asked to go for a trial to play table tennis for the County, which pleased him greatly. He also played good football and after first playing for his school he joined several local football teams, winning several medals before being asked to play for Bishop Auckland, which was the best amateur team in England. His happiness however was to be short lived!
Mrs Waters picked up the letter for the third time, examining it with unbridled curiosity. It was a buff, official-looking envelope with OHMS on the top and it was addressed to her son, Alex.
“Alex” she called, “There’s a letter for you and it looks very important!”
Alex came downstairs, wondering what it could be. The only letters he ever had were from the CTC, his cycling club, or from the local football team giving details of his next game. He picked up the letter and smiled at his mother who was impatiently waiting for him to open the letter.
“Cum on man,” she said, in her broad, Durham accent.
Alex opened the letter, read it in silence and then passed it to his mother to read. His mother glanced at Alex after reading the letter.
“Oh no son, why pick on you?” Alex turned and looked out of the window, his stomach churning. “Someone has to go Mother, so why not me?” he said.
The year was 1939, Chamberlain had promised peace in our time but it was purely a delaying tactic to enable the country to prepare for war. As a precaution, a percentage of twenty-year old boys were being conscripted into the Militia for six months training. The letter notified Alex that he was in one of the Militia and he was to report to Hadrian’s Camp, Carlisle, the following Saturday, with his toilet articles only. Clothing would be provided.
Mrs Waters, her eyes full of tears, looked at her son and sighed. Of her three sons, she thought Alex was the least likely to make a soldier, for he was a gentle, well-mannered, cheerful boy who lived only for his sport.
“It’s only for six months Mother, it will soon pass and I’ll be back to eat you out of house and harbour. Well I should get enough football now. They say that the Army encourages sport!”
Alex spent the next few days in a dream. He had ascertained that the village was producing two recruits only and the other boy was going to Wales. That was a pity for he would have had company until new friends were made. Saturday morning came and Alex rose as usual, trying to appear nonchalant as he ate his breakfast and packed his small case, a brown, cardboard case costing sixpence from Woolworth’s of Clayton Street, Newcastle. Alex had left home many times on cycling holidays and usually left with a grin and a wave of his hand but this was different. He had a dreadful feeling in the pit of his stomach as he kissed his Mother farewell.
“I’ll be back soon Mother, they’re sure to give us leave soon” he said, and taking a last look round the house, set off down the street with a jaunty step, knowing that his Mother would be watching him all the way. In a few minutes the bus came, gathered him in and deposited him at Blaydon Railway Station, from here he would get a train to Carlisle.
He strolled on to the station and saw to his surprise several other young men of his own age on the platform. Each carried a small bag or parcel and it was obvious that they were all heading for Hadrian’s Camp. Soon they were all engaged in animated conversation and Alex cheered up immediately as introductions were made and promises that they would stick together were affirmed. The journey to Carlisle passed very quickly as each man propounded his views on the Army, football and girls. During the conversation Alex became a good listener. He had to, for he had never taken out a girl and knew nothing of what was now termed ‘Sex’.
An Army lorry was waiting for them at Carlisle Station and standing in the back of the jolting vehicle they were driven to Hadrian’s Camp. To the group’s astonishment, on alighting, they found themselves in a field and in front of them stretched out rows of bell-tents and several marquees.
So much for the luxury apartments they had discussed on the way up. Their thoughts were interrupted by their guide who took them to a large marquee and handed them over to a soldier with three stripes on his arm, a sergeant. He threw a bolster case at Alex and his new friend Ted, “Go away and make your palliasse,” he said in a loud voice.
“What’s a palliasse? Ted asked Alex softly.
“It’s a friendly donkey,” Alex replied with a grin.
The Sergeant overheard this remark and barked out sarcastically, “Oh! We have a clever one here, have we? What’s your name?”
“Waters.” said Alex unsure of himself now.
“Waters what?” roared the NCO.
“Alex!” came back the reply.
The Sergeant nearly choked. He approached Alex and said pointing to his stripes, “Do you see these?” Alex nodded, “These are stripes - three makes a Sergeant, who must be treated with great respect. In future when you speak to a Sergeant you must call him Sir, or by his rank, do you understand?”
“Yes sir - Sergeant,” came the reply from a very subdued Alex. He then walked away to fill his palliasse, wishing he had curtailed his sense of humour.
“I’ll remember you - Waters!” the Sergeant shouted after him. Ted smiled at Alex and said, “You’ve made a great start to your army career, come on, let’s find the straw to make our beds!”
Conversation was limited as Alex was still upset by the not-so-friendly Sergeant, but having filled their palliasse with straw for their beds, the two friends made their way to the tents. They were the first there and Alex and Ted dumped their beds and kit and made their way to marquee number two. Here, amid much laughter, they were fitted with boiler suits and a sports coat and flannels together with a uniform of World War One vintage. The fitting of these caused much hilarity but Alex was lucky as he found one which actually fitted! It was only after all this that they were allowed to go back to their tents: Alex, Ted and Jackie together.
Alex looked around his tent, it seemed impossible to sleep eight people with all their accoutrements but if it had to be done, he could sleep well away from the door and duly deposited his bed and kit furthest away from the tent flap. Soon they were joined by other youths; a motley collection from Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, Lancashire and Yorkshire.
--0--
Life began in earnest on the following morning at six o’clock when the strident trumpet call of ‘Reveille’ shattered the silence of the Camp. Alex lay still for a moment, collecting his scattered thoughts. What a night it had been; he must level out his palliasse before he slept in it again and who was the culprit who snored so loud it reverberated round the tent?
The next Saturday quickly arrived for the days were full; drill, exercise, military training and searchlights. All the soldiers not on duty were allowed out but had to be back in camp by 10.30 pm. Alex had discovered in the first few days that he enjoyed soldiering. Being an outdoor, village boy, he found himself appreciating a regular routine and now he was looking forward to enjoying his first visit, as a soldier, to Carlisle. He put on his new sports coat and flannels as did the other nine hundred and ninety nine and made for the camp exit. Outside the camp, a few yards away from the camp gate, stood a group of girls, obviously from the local village and some soldiers stopped to speak to them. Alex hurried past, averting his eyes and whistled gently to himself. Suddenly a young girl left the group and hurried after him.
“Wait a minute, soldier. I can’t keep up with you,” shouted the girl.
Alex stopped, horrified. He turned to look at her. “You mean me?” he said. “I didn’t ask you to come with me.”
His blue eyes were wide – he hadn’t met this situation before.
“Yes, my love. You’re a handsome boy – will you take me into town? I’ll let you kiss me!”
Alex blushed scarlet, his mouth dried up and he had difficulty in speaking. “No! I don’t want a girl. I’m going to Carlisle to see a football match.”
The girl looked at him, moved closer and kissed him on the cheek. “I think you’re lovely. I’m going with you!”
“That’s what you think.” shouted Alex as he sprinted down the road like a startled rabbit. After half a mile he slowed to a walk and looked behind him to see if she had followed. He was confused. What should he have done, accepted a kiss and taken her into the city, after all, he was twenty years of age; or stood and talked. He shook his head and proceeded on his way to Carlisle where he saw his football match and returned early to camp, spending the rest of the night in the NAAFI canteen.
He lay awake for a long time that night, re-enacting his encounter with the young girl and digesting all the girl talk of his mates. The following Saturday arrived and once again he was off duty so left the camp for freedom. Passing the guardroom, he froze. There waiting alone was the girl who had pestered him the week before. He watched her covertly; she was a nice looking girl, probably about sixteen years old. She must be boy mad to be waiting there again.
Waiting until she was looking across the field, he made to stride past her but she turned and saw him. Her expression changed. A smile lit up her elfin face and she confronted him.
“I’ve been waiting for you. I prayed you would come.” she said, looking up into his blue eyes. “You’re the nicest boy in camp!”
Alex flushed. “I’ll bet you say that to all the boys.” was all the tongue-tied young man could muster.
“Indeed I don’t! I’ve been waiting two hours today and every night just to see you. Come on; let’s go for a walk, away from here.”
Alex looked around uneasily and began to walk down the road. She looked up at him, smiled and said, “My name’s Mary, what’s yours?”
“Alex,” he replied, “and I’m too old for you. I’m 20.” She gave a squeal of delight and took his hand. 
“Well! Well! Aren’t we grown up! I’m 18; do you think I’m nice?”
Alex looked away most embarrassed then boldly said, “You’re the nicest looking girl I know!”
She laughed. “Then kiss me.”
She pulled him into a gateway. Alex became even more flustered and after a long pause, pecked her cheek.
“No! That’s not a kiss. Here, put your arms around me. There that’s better. Now kiss my lips, gently at first and then a little more.”
Alex, completely under her spell, did as he was requested and felt a strange feeling engulf him. Seconds later, still panting, he released her. Mary looked at him and murmured, “Well, well. A boy of 20 has just had his first kiss. I can’t believe it.”
Alex, un-nerved by this experience, turned and ran back into camp. He had had his first lesson on girls. Alex continued to enjoy the training. He found himself on searchlight duty and spent the time searching the sky for any sign of a plane through his powerful army binoculars. After training finished many soldiers went into Carlisle looking for girls or for pubs. Alex, however, was quite happy to stay in camp playing table tennis, a sport he was good at. Every Friday a table tennis tournament was held there, the winner receiving 200 cigarettes and the runner up 100 cigarettes. Ted and Jackie were smokers whereas Alex had never touched a cigarette, and knowing this, Ted and Jackie and their two girlfriends frog-marched Alex to the canteen and ordered him to win to keep them in cigarettes for the week. Alex responded by winning most nights to their obvious delight.
A cross-country run was organised by the Regimental Sergeant Major and hundreds entered while the rest of the camp watched. It was a gruelling eight miles but Alex managed to overtake the leading group to be the champion. His elation lessened when the RSM told him that he would represent the camp in all cross-country races. This didn’t upset Alex but his next sentence made Alex groan.
“Well done Waters, representing the camp is a great honour and so you must be very fit to do so. We will start training tomorrow morning at six o’clock.” So while the rest of the camp were snoring Alex was pounding the country roads around Carlisle.
The weeks went past smoothly, Alex really enjoying himself in the sports provided by the Army, going on weekend leave when he could, but not venturing into town, in spite of, or because of, messages brought in by his friends from a lovely girl waiting outside of camp.
Once War had been declared, however, the camp atmosphere changed immediately. The light-hearted training ceased and training for War began. Volunteers were required to join the Chemical Warfare division of the Royal Engineers and Alex stepped forward. So began anew life. Six hundred volunteers (and pressed men) entrained at Carlisle station and at 6.00 pm left for an unknown destination. The soldiers were excited and sat back to enjoy the journey, loosening their puttees to be more comfortable.
The train stopped and started and the men dozed. Dawn broke, the soldiers roused themselves and dressed again. At half past six the train stopped and the raucous voice of the Regimental Sergeant Major ordered everyone off the train. The soldiers lined up, gazing around the unfamiliar surroundings.
“Where are we Sarge?” asked a soldier.
“You’re on Salisbury Plain my boy. The home of every soldier,” grunted the grizzled old soldier.
Transport was waiting and the soldiers were driven a few miles away to a completely new camp. After a marvellous breakfast of bacon, egg, baked beans and fried bread the soldiers were led to their barrack rooms, twenty-four to a room. In the spider block were toilets and bathrooms – no more using a trench in a field. This was luxury indeed and there was great excitement as the soldiers unpacked their belongings. Almost immediately they were sticking up pictures of their wives or girlfriends.
Alex felt lonely. Looking along the row of cupboards he realized that he was probably the only man without a photograph. He would remedy that, he would write to his favourite cousin for a photograph. He felt sure that she wouldn’t mind. The thought cheered him up. The camp was heaven to Alex; it had football and rugby pitches and it had, much to his delight, a massive room for table tennis where he could show off his skill at the game.
Saturday came and the camp was deserted. Every soldier had gone to explore Salisbury, the nearest town, about five miles away. Alex was no exception and enjoyed looking at the ancient buildings, especially the cathedral. He had been warned to leave the city early for the last bus to camp was at 9.30pm so he leisurely made his way to the bus station about 9pm. There were many soldiers about as the Plain had dozens of camps on it and all the men went into Salisbury to satisfy their various thirsts.
The bus drew up and the people moved forward to board it. Suddenly, a drunken soldier held up the proceedings by blocking the entrance to the bus, speaking in a foul-mouthed voice to every lady stepping into the bus. Alex was behind a middle aged lady and she was about to climb into the bus when the soldier swore at her. Without a moment’s hesitation, Alex took hold of the soldier by the tunic lapels and lifted him into the air and deposited him, on his back, in the gutter. “Get where you belong!” he said.
Alex followed the lady onto the bus, marvelling at his own deed for this aggressiveness was completely foreign to his nature. The lady had climbed the stairs but Alex took a seat on the lower deck, just inside the door. The upper deck was full, however, so the lady came back downstairs to a full bus. Alex saw the situation and gallantly offered his seat to the lady. She accepted with thanks and also thanked him for his efforts at the bus station. Alex blushed and told her quite frankly that he was no hero but tried to be a gentleman. In the conversation the lady introduced herself as Mrs Rowdon and suggested that he visit the Church Hall at Winterbourne, a half mile from the camp, any evening of the week. The vicar had opened it to the troops. Tea and cakes were available as well as table-tennis and other games. Alex promised to do just that on his first night off duty.
It was Wednesday when he was free to leave camp and he strolled down the road to the hall. It was sparsely filled but at the far end he saw Mrs Rowdon serving teas to two servicemen, their hats tucked into the epaulettes. He walked over and waited to be served. She looked up and instantly recognized him, she smiled and turning to the lady beside her, introduced him as ‘that lovely young gentleman that I met on the bus.’
Alex drank his tea slowly, looking at the people in the room. Some he recognized as soldiers from the camp, smiling as he heard the distinctive, harsh accents of the North Country folk. He watched the table-tennis, highly amused at the long handled, pig-skin covered ping-pong bats they were using. It was then that the door opened and a girl walked in, she was tall, dark-haired and open-faced. Her beauty took Alex’s breath away. She was very attractive and he noticed that several soldiers turned to look at her as she walked up to the refreshment table and spoke to the ladies. He couldn’t keep his eyes off her as she took her refreshments to a seat on the far side of the room; he was pleased it was the other side for he could watch her all the time. He watched with envy as soldiers spoke and laughed with her. She was even more attractive when she laughed, her face lit up and her hazel eyes sparkled. What would he give for a girlfriend like that, he thought? She must have a choice of dozens of boys.
She suddenly rose and walked to the table tennis table, picked up a bat and glanced around. Alex gasped, she was looking for someone to play with. Dare he – why not? He rose to his feet, walked eagerly over to the table and asked if she would like a game. She looked at him and smiled. Alex’s heart pounded, she was even lovelier than he had thought.
They played and (although Alex was of County standard) the girl won 21 to 19 but she smiled again and denounced him as a fraud and insisted that he played his usual game. This delighted Alex for it meant more time with this beautiful creature and he proceeded to win 21 – 3 which amused his opponent. The game over, he was loathe to leave her but she said she had some shorthand to do but that they could probably play again some other evening.
Alex watched her go, his heart pounding. He had actually spoken to the girl of his dreams. He walked back to camp that night, walking on air, singing to himself as he made his way to his room. His mate, Ted, saw him come in, saw the flushed face and smile and demanded to know what had happened. Alex sat on the edge of the bed and told them about this dream of a girl he had met in the village.
“What’s her name?” asked Ted.
“I don’t know, I forgot to ask,” replied Alex.
Ted acquainted the others in the room in a loud voice that Alex was in love but that he didn’t know who it was! There were many sarcastic remarks and Alex blushed, jumping on Ted to shut him up.
The next day seemed endless and just as Alex was changing to go out to the Church Hall again, the sergeant poked his head around the door and shouted, “Waters – to the cookhouse you’re spud bashing.”
Alex’s heart sank. Another twenty-four hours seemed like a life-time. Then he spotted Jackie Emmerson, a Geordie friend of his.
“Hello Jackie! Are you playing cards tonight?”
“I can’t, I’m skint. I can’t even get a cup of char,” he replied, flopping back onto the bed.
“Well, old son, here’s an idea. Go to the cookhouse as Alex Waters, do my spud bashing and I’ll give you sixpence.”
Jack was off the bed in a flash. “Done!” he said, grabbing the offered money, and off he went to the cookhouse to face the mountain of potatoes. Alex grinned broadly. It was going to be his lucky night. He raced to the village, checking in at the guardroom to look in the large mirror which stood there to ensure that all soldiers were properly dressed on leaving camp. He smiled at himself in the mirror, waved to his friends in the guardroom and then set off again down the road, mentally practising speeches for when he met this girl. Suddenly he stopped. Perhaps she had a boyfriend or perhaps she thought his Tyneside accent was uncouth. His joy evaporated at the thought of anything happening that would mar this evening.
He walked up the hall and bought some tea and a delicious looking cream slice. He made his way to a small table which commanded a view of the whole room and sat down. He sipped his tea and looked round; was he too late? Had someone else taken her first? He couldn’t bear the thought and looked everywhere. Alex breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn’t arrived. So he enjoyed his cream slice.
Idly watching the crowd he saw two of his friends. I hope they stay and see me speak to her, he thought. I might even introduce them. But he knew he would need all his courage to even speak to her. It was an hour later when she came in. Alex had become downhearted and was contemplating going home when the door opened and she entered, carefully closing the door behind her. She was wearing a green dress with a cardigan to match and Alex drew a sharp breath as she turned up the room. Passing his table, she paused slightly, smiled at him, and continued on her way. Alex’s delight was unbounded and he watched with bated breath as she talked to the ladies before turning to survey the room.
Alex looked at her and she probably sensed that he was willing her to join him for she made her way to his table and sat down. Alex blushed and looked at her with shining blue eyes. “I’m glad you came,” he said.
“You only want to beat me at table tennis,” she rejoined, “but this time I’ll score more than three.” Both laughing they made their way to the table.
“What’s your name please?” said Alex, full of delight.
“I’m Ruth – and yours?”
“Alex.” He said, “Alex Waters from Newcastle.”
“I know that,” she replied, with an impish grin, and Alex blushed inwardly, determined to improve his speech. They played each other for the rest of the evening, both enjoying themselves tremendously. The end had to come and she told him it was time to go home. Alex drew breath. Here was the moment he had been waiting for. Now for the speech he had rehearsed so often. “Please can I take you home?” 
She looked startled. Her eyes dropped to the floor. “I don’t know, I’ve never been taken home before. I’ll ask my Mother.” and she walked away to the far end of the hall. He stood amazed at his courage. The Army had taught him something but would he be successful? Alex watched in surprise as the girl walked up to Mrs Rowdon and spoke to her. He saw her shake her head and then look down the room. She spoke again to Ruth who turned and pointed to Alex. Mrs Rowdon beamed and waved him up. Alex walked smartly up to the table and was warmly welcomed by the girl’s mother.
“Hello Alex. Of course you can take her home, I’d trust you anywhere.”
Ruth smiled at the embarrassed young man. “Come on then, I’ll show you the way home.” An excited young soldier walked outside the hall. Wait till he told his pals of the marvellous night. They walked slowly back up the road to the camp and stopped after a hundred yards.
“I live here,” she said with a smile, “not very far is it?”
The front gate led on to the camp road and here they stayed talking for several minutes during which time several soldiers passed, shouting remarks at him as he stood in the darkness. There were no street or house lights and Alex was glad that Ruth could not see his face as the suggestions were hurled at him by these drunken people. When Ruth finally said she had to go in, Alex was in a quandary. Was he supposed to kiss her or shake her hand? He chose the latter after asking if she would be at the hall next night. She promised that she would try to be there and Alex left in a daze. He ran up the road, singing and reaching the verge of the camp did a complete cartwheel, to the amazement of the camp guard who thought he was drunk.
On arriving back to his room, instead of quietly walking to his bed as he usually did, he let out a whoop of delight and tipped his friend Jackie out of bed. Jackie retaliated and soon the room was in an uproar, causing the sergeant to burst into the room, demanding to know what was going on. “Alex’s in love Sarge,” yelled someone, “he’s made love for the first time.”
“I didn’t say that you nit! I took her home that’s all,” said the exasperated Alex. 
The sergeant grinned. “Get to bed all of you or I’ll have you on jankers tomorrow.”
Alex couldn’t sleep. He had just taken home the most beautiful girl in the world and he wanted to relish every moment of it. Gradually he dropped off to sleep, but at the first call of Reveille he was awake and thinking of Ruth.
There was no doubt of it – he was in love!

Chapter Two
The next few days were happy ones for Alex. Ruth was never out of his thoughts and he had to endure much leg pulling and many crude remarks. He took everything in his stride and even did his guard duty with a smile; a difficult thing to do when you had very little sleep and then only on three wooden planks, a few inches off the floor of the guardroom. He had not seen Ruth for three nights.
Saturday night was to be his big night. He had asked her to go to the pictures with him and so he was being very careful with his money this week. Jackie Emmerson had to do without his cup of char and a wad (tea and cake) from Alex. Jackie regularly lost all his money playing brag and relied on Alex to buy him a cup of tea and a cake in the NAAFI. Saturday came at last. The morning was always spent in conservancy, the cleaning of the hut, when everyone was given a task to do before the officer inspected the room. Alex had been given the windows to clean, a thankless task and he groaned for he hated the job and no one would change.
Suddenly the alarm bells went and the sergeant appeared, chasing them outside. There they paraded on the square, everyone dressed in their working clothes and cursing at the waste of time. The colonel arrived to address them. He had ordered the practice alarm and he had been very pleased indeed with the speed of arrival on the square. He had called them together to tell them that there was a possibility of an invasion and that they must be on the alert at all times. The soldiers listened, with only half-interest in what he was saying, until they heard him say that the whole camp was confined to barracks till further notice. There was a muttering in the ranks, which was quelled immediately by the sergeant and the soldiers were dismissed.
Alex walked back to the barrack room in a daze. What about his date? How could he get a message to Ruth? His thoughts were rudely interrupted by the hut corporal who threatened to beat him if he didn’t get the windows clean. Later he questioned the sergeant about the invasion and about the fate of anyone absent on the square. The sergeant was quite explicit in his reply.
“They used to shoot absentees, Sapper Waters, but now they only put them away for 28 days.”  Alex gasped, 28 days for being absent. “Yes,” said the sergeant, “28 days in a military prison my son and that is H*** I can tell you.”
Alex dropped the subject and drifted away. Ruth lived only eight hundred yards out of camp. Surely he could sneak out and back in a few minutes. If he didn’t see her she would probably go to Salisbury and someone else may take her home. He was in a panic at the thought of it. He confided his thoughts to Jackie Emmerson who, in his broad, Geordie accent, chastised him strongly. “Ye must be mad hinney! Ne lass is worth 28 days in detention. She’ll knaa ya in camp. Aa’l the village will knaa noo. Howay, buy me a cup of char.”
Alex strolled miserably up to the canteen where he, Jackie and a few friends had their cups of weak tea. Subdued and fed up, he decided to have a walk and quietly left his pals playing cards. He walked around the perimeter of the camp, taking notice of every building and their proximity to the camp fence, a six-foot high wired fence, topped with barbed wire. Alex stopped to look at the gymnasium, it was a large building with small room attached to it. The roof was sloping and he saw that the roof edge was a little higher than the fence. Anyone sliding down the roof would clear the fence. That was fine. He could get on to the roof and, sliding down would be simple. The question was, how would he get back? He walked on, passed the drill shed and came to the back of the Guard Room. He examined it carefully and saw that there was a narrow gap between the fence and the building. If he could only get past the sentry, he could slip through the gap and he would be safe in camp.
He moved back and joined the road a few yards from the main gate. He pretended he was looking over the plain admiring the scenery but in reality he was watching the sentry, observing his movements, and working out the odds on being able to slip through the gate while he marched across the road. It would be a close thing for he knew only too well that the rifle would be loaded and some soldiers were very light-fingered on the trigger.
Alex walked back to his hut and slipped on his canvas gym shoes. Fortunately the room was empty so no one questioned his changing from ammunition boot to shoes. He disappeared quietly into the dusk. Climbing the gym was easy for Alex was a very agile, fit young man. He paused only a second, praying that he would clear the obstacle. He had no wish to be entangled in the barbed wire. Down he slid, clearing it by inches and twisting slightly to land on his feet outside the camp on the football field. Elated, he glanced around. No one had seen him for no cries could be heard. He set off at a lope and was soon at the garden gate of his girlfriend. Here he stopped. He didn’t want to go to the door and knock. What could he do? He smiled and puckering his lips began to whistle, ‘The Rose of Tralee’. He waited and his heart sank. He could neither hear, nor see any movement in the house.
Alex was about to turn away when he heard a sound. He waited and to his joy he saw Ruth coming down the path. She came up to the gate and smiled shyly. “I thought that you were all confined to barracks, so I stayed in,” she murmured.
Alex felt a surge of emotion. He needn’t have worried, she had stayed in. “I had to see you for a moment so I climbed over the fence. I can’t stay long however, for if I am caught I will be put in prison.” he said, taking hold of her hands.
“I know that. I’ll be worried now in case you’re caught. It was really nice of you to come but please leave me now.”
“Please may I kiss you before I go?” Ruth moved closer and lifted her face. Alex took her in his arms and kissed her. Looking into her eyes, he whispered, “I love you.” And he fled back up the road, leaving a slightly bewildered girl to go back into the house to explain her absence.
Alex arrived at the football field and walked to about forty yards from the main gate. Here he dropped to the ground. He could feel his heart thumping, he wasn’t sure whether it was the meeting with Ruth causing it, or the task in hand. He lay still for a few minutes and then as the sentry turned to go back across the road, he rose silently and darted to a position a few yards from the gate. He looked up and thanked the Lord for the dark night, with no moon. He watched again and moved to within a yard of the fence, knowing that within seconds he would either be free in camp or in the guardroom. Just as he was about to rise for the final move into camp the Guard Room door opened and the N.C.O. of the guard came out onto the veranda.
Alex froze, keeping his white face hidden in the grass. After a few pleasantries, the soldier went back inside and Alex breathed easily again. Now was the moment. The guard slowly and deliberately marched across his beat, his thoughts, no doubt, were with his friends or loved ones and Alex glided to the gate and in three strides was hidden in the gap. Here he paused, listening to see if the guard had been alarmed but all Alex could hear was the clump of the heavy army boots. He squeezed along the side of the building and as he did so he could hear the off-duty guards talking. Once behind the Guard Room Alex shot off across the square to the barrack room. He could hear laughter and much talking and he realized that he would not have much time to get to his room without being seen by one of his friends. Luck was with him and soon he had changed his shoes and when his friends came back into the room he was lying on his bed reading a book.
Jackie spoke to him and for a brief moment he lowered the book, looked at Jackie and winked slowly and deliberately. Jackie looked at him in utter disbelief and shook his head. He was wise enough to say nothing while the room was full. Alex was content, he held a book but couldn’t read a word. He had seen Ruth, kissed her and had told her of his love. He had a girlfriend now. Perhaps she had a photograph he could have to adorn his cupboard like the rest of the soldiers in the room.
The near escape did not frighten Alex. He was determined to get out to see Ruth and wondered how he could do it without fear of being caught by the guard. An opportunity came two days later. Being a Royal Engineer meant that he had to learn to dig trenches. These had to be dug during daylight and in the dark. The Company had to parade at 7pm, then walk on to Salisbury Plain where they were to dig these trenches. The soldiers lined up in single file. Alex was between Ted and Jackie, his two best friends. Slowly they moved forward, each soldier taking possession of a pick and shovel. When all had collected their tools they left the camp and marched on to the wide open spaces aside, unnoticed in the dark. He waited until all the soldiers had passed, hid his tools under a bush and departed to see his girlfriend. Ruth was delighted to see him, but queried as to why she had not seen any soldiers passing by. He told her what he had done.
“Oh Alex! You shouldn’t do these things! If you get caught you’ll be sent away to prison!” said Ruth.
“I know that, but it’s worth the risk just to see you. I think you’re lovely!” Alex replied, smiling at her. 
The two hours passed quickly, then kissing her quickly he left to run to where he had left his pick and shovel. He had just found the bush and retrieved his tools when he heard the sound of marching boots, and the occasional clanging of a loose tools. Suddenly out of the darkness loomed the figures of his friends and swiftly he joined them on the way back to camp. Having handed in his tools he joined his friends again. Suddenly Jackie looked at him and shaking his head said, “Hell! Have you been down that village again Alex?”
“What makes you think that Jackie?” asked Alex.
“Well, look at you! Your battledress is spotless! Look at ours, they are white from all that chalk we dug up. You’d better make yourself scarce before the Sergeant sees you.”
Alex grinned, waved his hand at them and disappeared to his room. That was a lovely evening, he thought! After a few days the curfew was lifted except for the soldiers on duty and Alex was able to meet his girlfriend. Ruth had left him on the previous occasion feeling excited for it was her first kiss and she too was thrilled by the unexpected happening. They were so happy together but all too quickly Alex had to leave to get back to camp before ‘lights out’.
One day Jackie Emmerson came into the barrack room chuckling. “Have you seen Orders?” he said, “Go and read them.”
Alex rose; it must be important or amusing for Jackie to insist on anyone reading Daily Orders. He walked to the notice board and glanced at the routine, then stopped. He couldn’t believe it. He read it again.‘10122342 Sapper Waters A. promoted to Acting/unpaid Lance Corporal.’ He dashed back into the room to find Jackie and his other friends standing to attention in mock servility. Alex dived at them and for a few minutes there was chaos and then they fell upon him, congratulating him, slapping him and demanding free drinks in the NAAFI later that night. They chased him to the QM stores to get his chevrons and when he returned, insisted that he sewed them on then and there.
“I can’t sew,” he protested, “I’ll take them to Salisbury tomorrow.”
“You wait,” said Jackie, “Ted Jobson in the next room will stitch them on for you. He was a tailor before he was called up. Come on. Let’s go and see him.”
Ted Jobson was reading a book when the two men entered. “Ted, Alex’s just been made up. Will you stitch on his stripes for him?” Ted looked up.
“Yes, but it will cost you a bob. I’ve got thread and needles to buy.”
Jackie was going to protest but Alex thrust the chevrons into Ted’s hand, took off his jacket and said, “Here you are, here’s my jacket,” and dipping his hand into his pocket, produced a shilling and gave it to him. “We’ll be back in an hour,” he shouted happily, leaving the tailor to get on with his job.
Alex’s thoughts were on Ruth. Wait till he saw her tomorrow night. Would she see the stripes on his arm or would he have to tell her? He hoped that his friends would not give away his secret.
Ruth was absolutely delighted when she discovered the promotion. He helped her to notice it by turning sideways occasionally until she saw the stripe. She clutched his arm in surprise. “Don’t you think I deserve a kiss?” he said, smiling.
“Not here Alex. There are people about,” she whispered, shyly. There was no doubt she was pleased, he could see it in her eyes.
--0--
Christmas came but he didn’t get home to High Spen. The whole camp of soldiers had been vaccinated and out of the thousand men, only twenty four were passed fit for duty so they had to do guards on alternate nights for a week. Alex felt groggy himself, but if he had reported sick he would have been confined to camp and so he would have missed seeing his beloved Ruth.
He had been accepted by her family her three brothers looked up to him. The two older brothers played football for Winterbourne and had persuaded Alex to play for them and soon his skills were noted. He had met most of Ruth’s aunts and uncles and liked them all. One insisted on pulling his leg about Ruth just to see him blush, for Alex was still a shy boy at heart.
Ruth’s grandmother was an invalid, she had had a stroke but was still well enough to want the Annual Party to be held at her house at Christmas. Her large family agreed and to everyone’s surprise she insisted that Ruth took her boyfriend as well. Alex went hot and cold when Ruth told him, and she went into peals of laughter at the sight of his face. He was nervous at the thought. There would be about sixteen people there, all related, and himself. He tried to excuse himself but Ruth would not accept a refusal, so Alex had to agree to spend Christmas afternoon in Winterbourne.
A few days before the holiday Alex was detailed to be NCO in charge of the PAD centre, a cleansing room for gas casualties in time of an attack. This meant that he could not go far from the Centre in case the alarm went off. It was seldom that the alarm bell went in the evening. It was usually about two o’clock in the morning when the soldiers, half asleep, had to report to their various stations. Alex knew this and decided to take a chance and walked down to the village to see Ruth at home. Ruth was surprised, she had been told by Jackie that he would be on duty. They spent a very pleasant hour together and then horror of horrors, in the distance, could be heard the alarm bell. Alex jumped up, startled, grabbed his hat and ran. It was about eight hundred yards to the camp and never has a half-mile been covered so quickly. He raced past the astonished guard and straight to the PAD centre. He hadn’t time to collect his respirator. He turned the corner and there talking to the rest of the picket was the Regimental Sergeant Major. Alex stopped short, what was his excuse? He marched smartly up to the RSM. “L/Cpl Waters reporting for duty sir.”
The RSM turned slowly, his face was red, and his moustache bristled. “Well Corporal Waters, so you have decided to join us, how nice of you.” Alex quivered, he knew the RSM only too well. When he used such sarcasm there was going to be a storm. He was right, the RSM gave him a ten minute lecture on the subject of security, interposed with a few lurid descriptions of one L/Cpl Waters. Having finished he told Alex to report to the Orderly Room at 0900 hrs. next day.
Alex walked slowly back to his billet, trying hard to think of a suitable excuse for being late on parade. Suffice to say that at 0900 hrs. L/Cpl Waters was marched into the Orderly Room by the RSM and at 0906 hrs. Sapper Waters was marched out of the Orderly Room by the RSM.
Alex went back to the barrack room to find that instead of being taunted by his friends, he was quite a hero. The underdog was being taken care of. Ruth was waiting next night anxious to hear what had happened and was very upset at the news.
“You lost your stripe because of me,” she said.
“I’d lose more than a stripe for you dear,” he replied gallantly, “I love you”.
She looked at him for a moment then kissed him. “Please don’t take any more risks for me,” she said quietly, “I’ll wait for you.”
Alex went to the Christmas party as a private soldier but luckily Ruth had spread the word and no one mentioned it except Ruth’s favourite aunt, who whispered in his ear, “Ain’t love grand?” and Alex blushed to the roots of his hair. He behaved himself as a gentleman and took great care with his speech. Since meeting Ruth he had lost most of his Tyneside accent, although he had not and could not imitate the softness of the Southern accent.
The village hall was a popular venue for the soldiers and when the committee held a dance there, it was packed with men keen to dance with the village girls who turned out in force. Most of these men were good dancers, whereas Alex could not dance. It was on these occasions that he cursed his shyness of his pre-war days when the village youth descended on the colliery welfare halls and learnt to dance and he did not go – preferring to cycle, camp or, on a summer’s night, to play tennis.
Ruth was an extremely good dancer, carrying herself regally around the floor and so she never missed a dance at these functions. One Saturday night a soldier had persistently asked her to dance in spite of having been warned off with a baleful glance from Alex. On returning Ruth to her seat he passed a remark to the fuming Alex whose jealousy took control and he told the soldier to stay clear, or else………..
Ruth heard all this and was incensed – so much so that she left the dance immediately, forbidding him to follow her. Alex walked miserably home, a dejected suitor, well aware that his jealousy had led to this. How could he live without her? He spent a dreadful night and his woebegone face told his own story to his friends who laughed but expressed no sympathy.
The next evening he walked down to the village hoping to see Ruth but there was no sign of her as he dawdled past her window. Her brother, Alan, then came out. As he was passing, Alex told him the story. Alan listened and then said “Why don’t you come to Salisbury with me. I’m going to Johnson’s for dancing lessons, it’s only a shilling a lesson. Once you’ve learnt you’ll have no more trouble.”
Alex looked at him, grinned and agreed to go with him. This went on for several nights and Alex quickly picked up dancing.
Ruth studiously avoided him for a week and then he met her in the Church Hall. Alex went up to her and apologized profusely, his eyes begging her to make it up. She looked at him and saw that he had suffered, as she herself had, and she smiled. Life began again for Alex and he went back to barracks with a light heart and a spring in his step. A few days later Alex was chosen with another three soldiers and a sergeant to build a shelter in the copse above the camp. The job entailed chopping down several trees and making a frame for a crude shelter. The sergeant explained what they were going to do and work began. Suddenly a tree fell the wrong way and trapped the sergeant’s foot. The injury necessitated the sergeant going back to camp for medical treatment. He told Alex to carry on. Alex did so and eventually the job was completed and they returned to camp, reporting the job completion to the sergeant who was surprised but delighted at the result.
The task was inspected next morning by a young officer and later that day, the Major sent for Alex, congratulated him and promoted him to A/U/L/Cpl, adding that he hoped he would keep this one a little longer than he had kept the last one. Alex couldn’t wait to get down to the village to pass on the good news.
--0--
Several happy weeks went by and then Alex received some news which he accepted with mixed feelings. His unit had to go to France to join B.E.F. His joy at seeing some action and travelling abroad was tempered with the thought of leaving Ruth. He had known for some time that he would be going abroad but it did not lessen the sorrow of parting. Ruth accepted it well for she knew that it was a Training Battalion and that the soldiers were training for war. There was a sad farewell evening and Alex left Ruth at her gate, both with tears in their eyes. Next day however, provided a surprise. The departure was delayed for a month and they were confined to barracks. Alex had been prepared for some while for this possibility and had persuaded Ruth to volunteer to help in the Y.M.C.A canteen in the camp twice a week. He then went to his Major and explained with blue eyes wide open, that his girlfriend was working in the Y.M.C.A. and had to walk, alone, down to the village at 10 pm. Could he obtain permission to walk her home afterwards? The Major looked at Alex, suppressing a smile and gravely accepted that it was a gallant thing he was wanting to do and that he agreed to it. Shouting for the Sergeant Major, he instructed him to give L/Cpl Waters a pass to go out two nights a week. The Sergeant Major’s eyes bulged and his lips twitched as he carried out the order.
“You’ll go far in this man’s army son,” he said. So Alex was the only soldier in the camp who left the barracks at night and everyone admitted that he deserved the girl after what he had done.
The delay in going abroad was short-lived and soon he was on a troop ship en route to France, together with another thousand men and hundreds of gas bombs. Life took on a new meaning for both the young lovers. Ruth wrote weekly to Alex, promising to be faithful and giving him all the local news, while he learned all about War, and the French. He was horrified when some of his friends tried hard to get him to visit certain houses in France and felt sick when they spoke of their ‘adventures’. Alex spent most of his time writing letters to Ruth, long letters, full of love and hope for the future. He didn’t drink anything intoxicating so the fact that ‘vin ordinaire’ was only 2d a bottle meant nothing to him.
The first few months passed quite quickly and gas training carried on as normal, then one day all the gas and appliances were taken away and Alex became involved in preparing bridges for demolition as a Royal Engineer.
News was filtering through that the Germans had broken through and this was confirmed when the Major moved the Company to defend a hill, Mont le Quatre, a few miles away. The soldiers quickly dug in and endured the regular bombing and machine gunning from the German planes, several were wounded but Alex and his friend Jackie remained unscathed.
A few days later the Major gathered his soldiers together and told them that he was sending them back to the beaches at Dunkirk. They would travel in parties of twelve led by a Sergeant. Alex and Jackie set off, led by Sergeant Morris. They marched smartly with their rifles hanging from their shoulders, the remainder of their kit left behind. After an hour or so, the Sergeant called a halt and ordered them into a hut on the side of the road.
Alex and Jackie lay down, glad of a rest but the others sat around, some enjoying a smoke. Their enjoyment was cut short by the arrival of a German tank which opened fire with its machine gun. The hut disintegrated and many of the soldiers were killed or wounded. Alex and Jackie, lying on the floor escaped the bullets. A German soldier entered and with a pistol in his hand ordered them outside. The wounded were carried away and Alex and Jackie were put in the back of a lorry which contained a few prisoners. Alex was unhappy, he knew that as a prisoner of war, it would be years before he would see his beloved Ruth again. The lorry started up and made its way to a prisoner camp. Alex looked at the other prisoners and caught the eye of an old soldier who appeared to be in command of the situation. Oblivious to the German who stood against the tailboard of the lorry with a gun in his hand, the sergeant muttered to Alex, “Look out son!” and winked.
Alex was all attention and watched as the old soldier produced a cigarette case and lit a cigarette, as an afterthought, he said to the German, “Cigarette!” 
The German paused, nodded, said “Danke,” and put his hand out to take the cigarette. In a flash, the Sergeant grabbed that hand and Alex thinking quickly grabbed the other and before the German realised what was happening, he was being thrown over the tailboard of the lorry and crashed onto the road where he lay unconscious.
“Come on lads,” said the Sergeant and hopped over the tailboard on to the road. Alex and Jackie quickly followed and all three ran into a wood beside the road. They waited a few minutes to see if the lorry driver had seen their escape and then the old soldier said, “Off you go you two! I can’t keep up with you. I’ll be alright. Don’t worry about me!”
Despite protestations he chased them off and they began to run and walk, run and walk. The roads were full of refugees, desperately trying to flee the Germans. They were all old people, women and children, but the Stuka dive-bombers repeatedly machine gunned them much to Alex’s anger. The two soldiers made their way to the beaches but knew that they had at least 50 miles to go to get to Dunkirk.
“Look,” said Jackie, “there’s an officer’s car in the ditch, I wonder if it is okay. Can you drive Jackie?”
 “Aye,” he replied, he was another Geordie, coming from Leadgate. They dashed to the car and Jackie switched on the engine. It started first time but of course it was in a ditch. Both men got down into the ditch and heaved and pushed until the front wheels were on the road. Fortunately, it was a light car and soon the back wheels were also out of the ditch.
“Whacko!” shouted Jackie, “anyone for Dunkirk?” And the two young soldiers clambered into the car. They were about to move off when Alex put out his hand and stopped Jack moving off.
“Just a minute, I heard a groan from over the hedge!” Alex looked over the hedge and saw a wounded officer lying in the field. He was a Major, a Padre from the Light Infantry. They took out their field dressings and bound up the wounds as best they could and lifted him into the car. Jack started up and once again they were on the road to Dunkirk.
They had gone about 10 miles when Alex spotted what looked like a German tank half a mile ahead. So Jack took the next left turn and after a while they saw the town of Poperingle ahead. It was being shelled and a French Artillery Regiment was badly hit, its horses were going crazy, some were injured and some were trying to get out of the gun traces. It was utter bedlam, but Alex spotted a sign on a tree – FIELD AMBULANCE – written in English. “Stop Jackie and we will hand over the Major to the medics.”
Jackie stopped and together they carried the wounded Padre into the hospital where he was welcomed and given medical treatment immediately. Alex and Jackie left.
Nearing the car Alex gasped. The car was on fire! A bomb had dropped nearby setting it alight. Once again, Alex and Jack were on foot. They trudged into the town, which was virtually deserted due to the bombing. Then Alex smiled, “Manna from heaven Jack, look over yonder!” 
Jack looked, there were some bicycles leaning against the walls of a building. The cyclists, members of a French Cycle Regiment, were inside the building, leaving a sentry guarding the bicycles. “Jack, go to the far end and steal a couple of bikes whilst I talk to the sentry in my best Blaydon Grammar School French.” Jack sneaked off, while Alex engaged the sentry in a conversation using his small vocabulary of basic French. Jackie waved, unseen by the Frenchman and Alex beat a retreat to join Jackie with the bicycles. Two delighted soldiers pedalled away, grinning all over their faces. Unfortunately, the sentry had noticed two bicycles were missing and presuming the Englishman had taken them gave chase. One mile on, he caught up with the miscreants and demanded the bikes be returned. They handed them over and hurried away, not wanting to be put in a French jail.
The two men walked on in silence, tired and weary. They had stopped at various farms asking to buy food but the farmers denied them, probably afraid of the following-up Germans. Eventually, Alex suggested that they should have a rest somewhere, and seeing an empty cottage they entered and walking upstairs found a bed and both dropped exhausted onto it. After what seemed like five minutes, but was probably two hours, Alex awoke with a start. He had heard something. Quietly he rolled out of bed, he had no weapon so he upended a small table and broke off a leg. Silently he moved downstairs. He could hear someone coming up the path. Alex stood behind the door, table leg poised to flatten any newcomer. He waited a few seconds and someone tried the door. The door opened and Alex prepared to bring his weapon down upon the intruder’s head. Suddenly he froze! The arm had a blue uniform. Alex sighed with relief; it was a French soldier, not a German. The Frenchman beckoned to two others, and they too came in. The visitors had biscuits which they shared with Alex and Jackie and there followed a light-hearted party. Dawn was breaking so Alex and Jackie decided to leave for the coast, thereby leaving the three Frenchmen to have a sleep.
Feeling much refreshed after a short sleep, some biscuits and some black coffee they made quite a fast journey to the coast. They arrived at the coast, about five miles from Dunkirk and it was chaotic so they decided to walk to Dunkirk. They walked along the sand dunes, diving into shelter whenever the Stuka dive bombers came along, raking the dunes with machine gun fire.
When they reached Dunkirk they stood aghast. There were thousands of men standing, sitting and lying awaiting transport home. In the harbour were naval vessels and several small boats. They reported to an officer who gave them a number which, when called out, meant there was a boat to take them home. Alex kept thinking of Ruth but also of his dear mother who was so proud of him.
Suddenly a call came for Royal Engineers, “Come on Jackie! We’re going home,” said Alex. It was not to be. The engineers were required to build a jetty along which soldiers could walk to the boats. For two days they worked on the jetty then they were given permission to leave. They swam to a destroyer which brought them to Portsmouth, albeit lying on the deck, clothes torn and exhausted but alive.
After two days resting in Portsmouth Castle they were given leave and soon Jackie was on his way to Newcastle and Alex to Winterbourne, before going north. The village awaited the return of the heroes and made them very welcome. Ruth waited, hoping and praying that Alex had survived; then she saw him coming up the lane, but she waited, too shy to run and meet him. She waited in the garden and her tear-stained face was a joy for Alex to see. He stayed for three days and then went home to see his mother and father, who too had prayed for his survival.

Chapter Three
Melvyn Waldour had been born in pleasant circumstances. His father, Sir Melvyn Waldour, was Lord of the Manor at Burscomb, a pretty little village a few miles from Salisbury in the county of Wiltshire. Although the family had fallen on hard times, compared to their ancestors, they still lived very comfortably in the manor house. Melvyn was an only child and so grew up with plenty of attention from a nanny, two servants and a gardener as well as his mother and father.
The estate comprised the Manor House, stables and outhouses as well as one hundred and thirty acres of land. Many generations ago it had been an estate of several hundred acres with a staff of one hundred and fifty men and women. But succeeding generations had sold off land to pay off their various debts. Melvyn grew up a lonely child. His father had insisted that he was tutored at home until he was thirteen years old, when he went to Blundell School in Devon, to which four generations of Waldours had gone. The days were spent with the tutor and Melvyn proved an apt pupil. But he was happiest when he was alone in the woods, dressed in his old clothes and climbing trees and swinging from branch to branch. His greatest ambition was to be able to cross the river which meandered across the estate by rope and many times he returned home wet and muddy, cheerfully explaining that he hadn’t quite made it to the far bank but that he was getting nearer. He also loved horses and enjoyed racing headlong across the meadows, leaping any hedge or wall that he came to.
He had a few friends but one of his favourites however was a girl named Mary. She was the daughter of the Estate Manager and she lived in a cottage at the end of the drive which led to the parkland surrounding the manor house. Mary was a slim, blonde haired girl, with a smile that lit up her face. She was two years younger than Melvyn but could hold her own when she wished and his position meant nothing to her at that age. Lady Waldour watched the friendship with amusement for she too liked the child.
The Manor House was a large building with a drive that swept across its front and turned around a large fountain. In the summer, Melvyn and Mary were often seen playing in the pool around the fountain, their laughter echoing around the area and bringing smiles to the faces of any staff in the vicinity. The Elizabethan building was a picture with a central façade and two wings making it a hollow square. The door was of oak and on it was the brightest of bright door knobs, shining in the sunlight. Inside was a huge hallway with a beautiful staircase leading up to the bedrooms and bathrooms, all nicely furnished and decorated. Downstairs included the kitchen, a very large, old-fashioned room with a scullery attached, a breakfast room, a dining room and a splendid sitting room. The staff were accommodated in the wings where the rooms varied in size according to the status of the member of staff. In front of the house was a large patio and well cultivated gardens and at the back, one hundred yards away, stood the stable block, itself a handsome building. Originally, it had been built for a stud of twenty four horses but only contained six now. They were looked after by Joe, the stable lad who had been with the family for thirty years. It was he who had schooled Melvyn in the art of riding and turned a blind eye when the boy came a cropper at some fence which was too high for such a young boy. Joe and his wife Margaret lived in a cottage in the stable block and having no children of their own, worshipped Melvyn and it was to their home that Melvyn wandered when he was a little lonely. Margaret always welcomed him and made him sit down while she made him some cocoa and gave him biscuits.
Melvyn, growing up with them as he did and mixing with the staff, never developed the attitude of master and servant and so was popular with them all. Occasionally father would lecture him on this very subject, pointing out as he did so that ‘familiarity breeds contempt’. Melvyn listened patiently but it meant nothing to him for he liked to be friendly with everyone and in any case, it would be many years before he would take over the estate.
One day whilst out riding he went far beyond the estate and, to his dismay, his horse began to limp. Melvyn dismounted and examined the foot. It had a large stone wedged in the shoe. It would be painful for the horse if he rode it, light as he was, so he took the reins and walked. He had hardly gone half a mile when two youths appeared and began to mock him. Melvyn ignored them and so, thinking he was afraid the youths redoubled their efforts to make him act one way or another. The boys were a year or two older than Melvyn and both were bigger so that they had nothing to fear. The bigger boy stood in Melvyn’s path and spat at him. Melvyn slowly wiped away the spittle and quietly said, “Do you mind moving please?”
The boys roared with laughter and jeered at him, mimicking his well-spoken voice. The smaller of the two threw a stone at the horse which reared up, almost lifting Melvyn off his feet. He ought to control it, finally quieting the animal and led it to the side of the road where it could crop the lush, green grass. Melvyn turned round. The two boys had followed him, laughing heartily. Without warning he hurled himself at the older boy, pummelling him in the face and stomach. The boy fell back with Melvyn on top of him, his howl of anguish cut off as a small fist flattened his nose. The boy squirmed madly to get free but Melvyn just hammered at him till he was yelling for mercy. The other boy, in the meantime had stood petrified and then had fled. Melvyn stood up and stepped back, his fists still clenched. But his opponent, coward that he was, dashed away, sobbing loudly.
Melvyn stood for a moment till he had recovered from the assault. He shook his head in amazement, surprised at his reaction to the bullies. Wait till he told Joe the story, he would enjoy it. He wouldn’t tell father however, he would be disgusted at his son brawling in this way. He led his horse back home and regaled Joe with the story when he handed over the horse. Joe smiled with pride. “Well done young master. I’m right proud of you. You’d make a good soldier.”
Melvyn was twelve now and had grown into a fine young boy. He still loved woodlands and the river and spent most of his spare time fishing or studying the flora and fauna of the estate. One summer day he was fishing in a deep part of the river, about half a mile from home when he saw his old friend Mary skipping along the river bank, following a boat which was sailing along. He watched her for a moment and returned to his fishing, hoping that she wouldn’t disturb the fish in that part of the river. Looking up again a little later he saw her lean over to take out her boat when she overbalanced and fell into the river. “Help! Help!” she shouted, and disappeared from view. Melvyn dropped his rod and tore along the bank. He saw her head appear and he threw himself into the water in her direction. A few strokes and he had reached her. He grabbed her, turned her over and swam with her to the bank. He dragged her onto the grass where she lay motionless. Melvyn looked despairingly at her. “Mary! Mary! Please don’t die,” he cried, “you’re my best friend. Please wake up.”
There was a splutter and a sigh as Mary came to her senses. She looked up at Melvyn who was standing above her, his clothes, dripping wet, “Oh Melvyn. Thank you,” and she burst into tears, “you saved my life!” and cried even more.
Melvyn was confused. “Girls,” he thought “why do they have to cry? Come on,” he said, “I must get you home.”
He led her home, supporting her with his arm and it was like this that Mr Miller, her father saw them approaching. Sensing that all was not well, he ran to meet them and, hearing the story blurted out by Mary, he grasped Melvyn’s hand and rung it heartily. “Thanks boy. You saved my daughter from drowning. I’ll never be able to repay you.”
He carried Mary home, leaving Melvyn to enter the Manor, a bedraggled mess, not for the first time. This incident seemed to bring the two children much closer and they were often seen playing together and riding out.
All too soon came the news that Melvyn had succeeded in gaining Common Entrance to his father’s old school, Blundells. Melvyn was pleased at the news because it meant that he would have plenty of friends and plenty of sport, at which he was good. Mary came along to see him off. At thirteen Melvyn was almost bashful in his farewell but Mary was quite composed and kissed him on the cheek. “Goodbye Melvyn. I’m going to miss you,” she said and Melvyn blushed.
“Goodbye Mary. I’ll see you in the hols,” he answered, and climbed into the gig which would take him to the station. Joe had insisted on driving him to get the train and as he left him he pushed forward a parcel. “That’s from the the missus,” he muttered, “she thought you might be hungry,” and turned away quickly. He knew that he too would miss the lad. He was like a son, he thought, as he picked up the reins and drove back home. Melvyn looked at the parcel and grinned. He wouldn’t be hungry, he knew that, for the parcel would contain Mrs Barnet’s home-made cakes and pies. Melvyn settled back in his seat to enjoy the journey.
The train was passing through unfamiliar countryside and he watched, fascinated, at the heather-covered moor then the deep valleys of Devon. Two hours later the train stopped and a porter walked up the platform shouting “All change for Blundell School.!”
Melvyn pulled down his case from the rack, picked up his parcel and stepped out onto the platform. He was surprised to see that he wasn’t alone. Several other boys of various sizes were walking along towards him. They were talking animatedly so he assumed that they were already going to the school. A tall boy stopped and looked at him, turning to make a sneering remark to his companions. Melvyn straightened up and looked him straight in the eye. The boy was about to speak and then thought better of it. He walked away with his pals laughing in such a way as to make it obvious that Melvyn was the subject of his laughter. While this was taking place, Melvyn had not noticed a tall, handsome youth approaching him. “Hello there, are you a Blundell’s new boy?” he asked. Admitting that he was, Melvyn took a last look at the first speaker. “Don’t worry about Buster. I’ll see that he keeps away from you. By the way, I’m Tom Kennedy, a prefect at the school and who are you?”
“I’m Melvyn Waldour from Dorset”, he replied.
“Ah yes, I’ve seen your family name on the Honours’ Board. Welcome to Blundells.” Melvyn liked Tom immediately and shared a taxi with him to the school. On arrival Tom took the new boy to meet the headmaster and then to his dormitory to meet the other new scholars.
A new life had begun.
--0--
Melvyn soon settled down and found that his tutor had prepared him well for the school so that lessons were no hardship. He revelled in the sporting facilities and thoroughly enjoyed the different games. Tom Kennedy was also a sportsman and he encouraged the youngster to join in everything, including boxing.
Melvyn soon began to grow and with it his weight improved till at fifteen he was a fine specimen of boyhood. It was then that he fell-foul of Buster once again. Buster was much bigger and heavier being two years’ older. But he had not been made a prefect. This rankled with him and he became the school bully, terrorizing the younger members of the school. Returning from the Rugby field one day he met Buster and his cronies at the gate. Buster immediately began to mock the boy, adopting a Dorset accent – which Melvyn didn’t have and spread himself across the path. With his friends beside him, Buster felt very secure, for Melvyn was alone.
“Are you going to move Buster?” Melvyn said. “Or do I have to move you?”
Buster gloated. “Why don’t you try it, little boy?”
Melvyn didn’t hesitate. He lunged forward and hit the bully in the stomach with his right hand. Buster grunted and bent forward to ease the pain. Then Melvyn hit him hard on the chin with a second blow. Buster crumpled and lay spread-eagled on the ground. His friends gasped and then wilted as they thought he would turn against them.
“Here, take him away,” he told them, rubbing his bleeding knuckles. “Tell him he knows where to find me if he wants me.” And he walked away. Melvyn had no more trouble from Buster and settled again into boarding school routine. He was a popular scholar, enjoying scholastic work and sports. He sent regular letters home, telling his parents all the school news. On Melvyn’s return his mother would send him parcels of confectionery and letters, giving details of what was going on - on the estate. He enjoyed reading these letters, for he loved the Manor House and gardens. He thought often of little Mary and wondered how she was.
The years passed and he couldn’t believe that he had been away from home for three years. He had grown into a fine young man, a scholar and a gentleman. Finally, came the day for which he had waited. It was the day he had to travel to Cambridge to sit the entrance examination for Cambridge University. The examination was no trouble to him, he had been well prepared, but the wait to hear the result seemed to be endless. When the news came through to him by telegram, he opened it with shaking fingers. He need not have worried, he had passed with flying colours. This meant that he could pack his belongings and go home. Melvyn went home that year for a long vacation. It was a pleasant change to get away from school to the peace and quietness of Dorset. Joe met him at the station, a look of delight on his fact. “Me missus can’t wait to see you,” he said.
Joe talked on but was quite quiet when Melvyn asked about the horses. Joe told him that he had only two left now and was very worried about his job. Melvyn listened and realized that things obviously were not improving. He felt sure, however, that father would never sack Joe or make him leave the house – he was almost part of the family.
Entering the Estate grounds Melvyn saw a young girl in the distance. In one glance he saw a lovely, sunburned face and beautiful hair. She walked towards him with an easy step and he thought he had never seen such an attractive girl. Musing thus, he asked Joe who the girl was and Joe turned to see if he was joking. Then realizing that Melvyn had not recognized the girl, he said, “Why that’s your little Mary – as pretty as a picture she is. She’s going to be a beauty.”
Melvyn sat up straight. Little pig-tailed Mary. Well, well, he thought, I wonder if she will recognize me. She too must have finished boarding school.
“Stop the gig Joe,” demanded Melvyn, “I must speak to her.” Joe stopped the horse and watched Melvyn dismount. Mary reached the boy and was about to pass, turning her head away, when he spoke. “Hello Mary. Have you missed me?” 
Mary stopped as if shot. Slowly she turned, her lips parting to show her lovely, white teeth. “Surely, surely you’re not Melvyn?” she stammered, “I didn’t recognize you, you’ve grown so tall,” she stopped before she could say “handsome”.
Melvyn smiled and put out his hand. “Hello Mary. I’m delighted to see you again. Are you staying long?” he inquired.
“Yes, I’m staying the whole holiday and then I’m going to college,” replied Mary.
“Good, I’m here for eight weeks and then I’m off to University. Will I see you? We could go to the river.” he added with a grin.
She smiled. “I haven’t forgotten that Melvyn, I never will. Yes, I’ll look out for you but you won’t have to save me again, I can swim now.”
They parted, Mary to her little house and Melvyn to the Manor. “You go on Joe, I’ll walk the rest of the way. It’ll do me good and I want to see everything again.” Melvyn walked slowly up the drive to the house. His young eyes took in everything. He noticed that the gardens weren’t as well tended as they used to be and the house – he paused to look, for he loved this old building – it could do with a coat of paint. Father was getting careless in his old age. Melvyn would have to speak to him about it.
He had nearly reached the great oaken door when it opened and his mother stood there, she had been waiting for him since Joe had dropped off his suitcase. Melvyn stopped and looked gravely at his mother. She looked pale he thought, then he stepped forward and took her in his arms. He kissed her.
“Hello mother dear. How pleased I am to see you. It’s so nice to be back.”
“Come in Melvyn,” said his mother, looking up at him with a smile, “you look wonderful. Welcome home.”
Melvyn was determined to enjoy his last holiday before going up to Cambridge University. Joe was delighted to see him when he went to the stables and personally saddled and groomed the horse when Melvyn chose to go riding. The young man called to see Mary and was welcomed by her parents. But Mary, although greeting him with a smile, was rather cool. She was now old enough to realize that he was the master’s son, heir to the estate and she was just the daughter of an employee. Melvyn was non-plussed at the attitude of his old friend and after a cup of tea and a chat he left. His host and hostess enthused about him after his departure but Mary just smiled and admitted that he had grown up. The parents smiled at each other as Mary left for her own room.
It was a few days later, while walking in the woods that he came face to face with Mary. Melvyn stopped and hesitantly spoke to her. It seemed to be different to the old days. He found himself blushing as he looked at her for she was indeed attractive and at a boys’ school one didn’t learn how to talk to attractive young girls – to any girl for that matter. Mary felt her heart quicken when she saw him appear but showed no sign of it on her face.
“Hello Mary, it’s a nice day isn’t it?” he said, looking past her.
“Marvellous,” replied Mary, studying him covertly. There was a long pause, both feeling self-conscious, then they looked at each other and burst into laughter. “Race you to the river,” said Mary and off she went without waiting for an answer.
Melvyn grinned, let out a yell and followed her. He caught up with her at the river’s edge and picked her up in his strong arms, both shrieking with laughter. Suddenly he put her down and looked at her. There was an uncomfortable pause and he said, “Sorry Mary. I shouldn’t have done that. You’re not a kid anymore.”
Mary was blushing and her breast was heaving – she didn’t know whether it was the race or something else.
“It’s alright Melvyn; it was just a bit of fun. I suppose you pick up all the girls that way.” 
He spluttered, “I don’t. I mean – I don’t know any girls. If I did I wouldn’t pick them up like that. No. I mean you’re different, oh!”
Mary had recovered her composure and was enjoying the discomfort of this young man. “Come, come. A tall, handsome, young man of your age must have lots of girlfriends,” teased Mary. Melvyn looked at her. He couldn’t cope with her any longer. He thought he did much better when she was a long-legged, pig-tailed, young girl.
“Mary, you must believe me. You are the only girl I know,” adding gallantly, “you are very attractive now. I hope we will remain friends.” They once again looked at each other and laughed and started talking as if they were twelve years old again. 
“Do you remember when you knocked my front tooth out Mary? Thank heavens it was my first set.” He grinned at her.
“What about the day you cut some of my hair off?” demanded Mary.
Melvyn grinned. “Yes I remember that day. I wanted to take it for a keepsake. Didn’t I get into trouble when father heard about it?”
They walked back to her house, oblivious to the glances of other people and to the passage of time. He left her quite reluctantly, knowing in his heart that they were just as close now as they ever were. He whistled as he made his way home and mother wondered what had put the sparkle in his eyes.
 Melvyn called on Mary frequently and often Joe saddled up the two horses, one for each of them. He smiled to himself as he watched them ride off together across the estate. Both riders enjoyed these gallops and the horses, sensing their enjoyment, galloped along, their manes flying, their foam flecked mouths champing at their bits. They usually made for the river, where they dismounted to allow the horses to drink, they themselves chatting and laughing.
The eight weeks seemed to fly over and both of them dreaded the end of this wonderful holiday. Even the weather had been kind to them. On the last day of the holiday they decided to have one more gallop for they knew that once away from the estate they would be working too hard to pursue such sport. They cantered along and then with a wave of his hand, Melvyn galloped off with Mary in hot pursuit. He reached the rendezvous first and slid lightly from the saddle. Mary arrived, her hair streaming in the wind and her face glowing from the exertion. Melvyn walked over to her and, putting up his hands, lifted her down, but still held her. She looked up at him, remaining still. He looked down at her for a moment and then slowly, ever so slowly, bent forward and kissed her. Mary didn’t move. Melvyn straightened up and broke the silence.
 “Sorry Mary, I just couldn’t help it. Please don’t be offended. I won’t do it again.”
He was shocked at his audacity. It had been done quite involuntarily and now he dreaded the result. Mary dropped her eyes. The kiss had taken her by surprise. She had never been kissed before and certainly hadn’t expected it from Melvyn. She looked at him and she knew at a glance that he was ashamed of himself. Poor boy, what can I say to reassure him? The answer suddenly came and she reached up, pulled down his head and kissed him, and then released him.
“Oh Mary,” he blurted out, “you’re wonderful. Why must I go away and leave you?” Mary smiled and noted that he still held her in his arms.
“We both have to go Melvyn and we’re too young to be anything but friends but I will remember you all the time.”
Melvyn kissed her again and she let him do so and a feeling of warmth swept over her whole body. 
“May I write to you Mary?”
“Of course you can, I’ll let your mother have my address as soon as I settle in.”
They rode back in silence, each one busy with their own thoughts. When they dismounted at the stables and handed in the horses to Joe, he looked at each one in turn and then began to unsaddle the horses to groom them. Afterwards he confided in his wife that he felt that something had happened on the ride for the two youngsters seemed so happy. She smiled back at him for she had been watching them on their escapades and knew that the young girl had completely bewitched Melvyn. How long will it last she wondered?
Melvyn rose early on the Saturday morning. His trunk was already packed but he wanted to say a few farewells before he left for Cambridge. He would see Joe at the station but he had to go to see Joe’s wife. He smiled to himself for he knew that she would have been baking the night before and that as he left she would push into his hands a large parcel of home-cooked dainties. He couldn’t refuse her for she would be upset and Melvyn was too good-natured to hurt anyone. He breakfasted alone with his mother. Father had caught an early train up to London on estate business, Melvyn didn’t mind this at all as he had always been much closer to his mother than to his father. They talked little, then Melvyn broke the silence by asking his mother how things were going on the estate, pointing out that a lot of things appeared to need repairing and smartening up. His mother looked at him for a moment and then pushing her cup away, told him what he had already suspected. The estate was not doing well. Father seemed to have lost interest but she hastened to add that she thought it was only a temporary phase that he was going through and they were still able to get along.
“Should I stay at home and help mother? I really don’t mind if I don’t go to Cambridge,” he said, and he meant it.
“Oh no Melvyn. That would finish father. You know fine well that every generation of Waldours have sent someone to Cambridge University for three hundred years. It would be a tragedy if you didn’t go. We’re not that hard up.” She smiled and kissed his forehead as she went past him, taking away the dishes.
Joe came round with the gig an hour later by which time Melvyn had said goodbye to the staff. He deliberately kept away from the estate agents as he did not want to meet Mary. He had said farewell to her last night and that was enough. They drove along the road and as they passed the Miller cottage he saw Mary in the garden and waved. She stood still, put up her hand and remained there till the gig was out of sight. She entered the house watched by her mother who had seen the whole episode.
“He’s a fine boy is Melvyn and he’s fallen for you, our Mary. Is he yours now? He’s a fine catch for you!” her mother exclaimed looking at her daughter.
“Don’t be ridiculous Mother. I’m only seventeen and he’s nineteen. We’ve got better things to do.” And with a toss of her head flounced outside. Her mother watched her with a smile on her lips. She must cultivate this for she could see that Mary too had been smitten, seventeen or not.
Mary walked quickly along the drive, furious at herself for showing her emotions to her mother. Why had he had to go today? She had a week left with nothing to do but think of him?
She walked to the stables. Perhaps Joe would let her have a horse to ride when he returned from the station. Here she met his wife Margaret whom she liked. “Come inside Mary, Joe will be half an hour yet. We’ve time for a cup of tea and a ladies’ chat” invited Margaret.
 Mary entered the little cottage where she felt quite at home. Margaret busied herself with the teapot.  “You’ll have no company today lass,” she said, “I suppose you know that Melvyn went off this morning. Of course you will.”
 She watched Mary’s face while pretending to be making the tea and she saw her blush.
“Yes, I knew that he was going away. I managed without him before, I’ll be alright.” Mary snapped.
“Of course you will dear, you can take care of yourself. You don’t need boys at your age.” agreed Margaret.
Mary dropped her head, she didn’t know whether to agree or to remind Margaret that she was seventeen now. She was no longer a young girl. She remained quiet and just drank her tea. They chatted for a while about mundane subjects and about Mary’s acceptance for college. Mary told her of her love of children and her wish to be a teacher. Margaret liked Mary, she had watched her grow up into a young woman and hoped that she would keep up her friendship with Melvyn. Her thoughts were interrupted by Mary who suddenly burst out with, “Mrs Kennedy do you think that Melvyn will write to me? He said he would.” 
Mrs Kennedy turned to her with a smile. “If Melvyn said he would write then he will. He’s a fine young gentleman my girl and I’ll tell you this (winking), I think he’s fallen in love with you.”
“How can you say that Mrs Kennedy? He’s not your son.”
“He’s like a son to me Mary, so I know him well. I’ve watched him lass and I’ve seen him this last week mooching about like a love-lost-lorn. It’s amazing what we girls can do with these men.” And Margaret Kennedy laughed. “Take care of him lass, he’s worth it and he’s lucky to have such a fine girl as you.”
Mary got up, threw her arms about Mrs Kennedy and kissed her rough cheeks. “Thank you! Thank you! I won’t wait for Joe – I’ll go for a walk.” She left with her head in the air and a smile on her lips. Seventeen is a lovely age, she thought.
The rest of the week passed uneventfully and she was quite happy when Saturday came and her father delivered her to the station to go to Bristol. Another chapter in the book of life had begun.

Chapter Four
Alex Waters soon recovered from his experiences at Dunkirk and was promoted to the rank of Sergeant. Ruth took great pleasure in sewing on the third strip for she was so proud of him. Most nights he was free of duty and he made a bee-line for the village of Winterbourne. Sometimes however she was busy improving her shorthand so he had to spend the evening at the Church hall, usually playing table tennis. Other evenings he would spend either walking along the country lanes with Ruth, or sitting in their house making conversation with her brothers.
He enjoyed the walks with Ruth, holding hands, except when someone was in sight. Then she would withdraw her hand quickly because she was very shy. In a hidden gateway, he would stop, take her in his arms and kiss her gently. They were very much in love and hoped that this would go on for ever. It didn’t. Several weeks later Sergeant Waters was posted away and so the romantic walks ceased. It was a sad farewell. Both had tears in their eyes as they parted at the garden gate – the scene of their first kiss.
The new camp was a hundred miles away but to the young lovers it seemed worlds away. Letters were frequent and occasional telephone calls eased matters. Both would find a telephone booth, Alex outside the camp, Ruth in the village. He would ring her kiosk number and be told that the waiting time was one or two hours. They would wait outside the booths, waiting for the phones to ring, to hear the sound of the other’s voice. Three minutes of heaven after a two hour wait and both would return home, happy as could be and repeating the conversation over and over again.
The basic training at the new camp was very boring for Alex and he decided to join the Combined Operation Group as a commando. Jackie Emmerson was horrified.
“Have you told Ruth that you’re volunteering for them?” said Jackie.
“No way! I’ll tell her I’ve been posted. She won’t understand if I tell her that I volunteered”.
“I should think not,” snorted Jackie, “you must be mad. You’ve got a smashing girl who thinks the world of you and you want to dice with death. Think of her, not yourself.”
“What makes you think I’m going to get killed Jackie?” Alex replied.
“Because the mortality rate is high and you’re daft enough for anything. Forget it, we’ll go abroad sometime. That will be soon enough for me.”
Alex could not be dissuaded and in a few days his papers went off to Command headquarters. He didn’t have long to wait, a telephone message came through instructing Sergeant Waters to report to Girvan in Scotland. Alex was jubilant and greeted Jackie with the good news. Jackie had remained a private soldier but had a high regard for his sergeant friend.
“Well, old son. It’s been nice knowing you. I probably won’t see you again after tomorrow but if you do come through everything, give me a call in Consett.”
Alex laughed. “I’m coming through alright and I intend to marry Ruth and take her back to Newcastle with me so you’ll be seeing her too.”
Alex went up to Girvan where he underwent several tests before being accepted. On the return journey in the train he had plenty of time to think over his decision as the train took nine hours to get to London and another three hours to get down to camp. Had he done the right thing in volunteering? Was he fit enough to take the punishing exercises and work they did in training? What about Ruth – did he owe it to her to forgo this adventure? Had he the right to choose such a dangerous life? He began to think of the stories he had heard of these people and of the men he had met in Scotland and he made up his mind. He would leave his unit in search of adventure; and he would trust in God to see him through. The thoughts churned in his mind as he sat looking out of the coach window, oblivious to the passing scenery as the train chugged slowly through changing countryside.
Having made up his mind Alex signed the papers and was accepted for training with Combined Operations. He was given three days’ leave and decided not to go home but to go down to see Ruth. Ruth was delighted to see him but being wise in the ways of servicemen demanded to know why he was on leave. Alex told her he had been posted to Combined Operations but made a joke of the actual dangers involved. She was not convinced for she had heard many stories of the daring deeds of the commandos. He comforted her by taking her in his arms and telling her not to worry. He would take no chances and that he would probably not be sent abroad. “I love you,” he said, “I couldn’t live without you.”
“I love you too – that’s why I don’t want you to go. I would die if anything happened to you.” Alex thrilled to hear her spill out her love for him and he tilted up her chin, looked into her eyes and said, “Ruth will you marry me one day?” 
Ruth looked at him for what seemed a long time.
“Yes I will, but not yet,” she replied.
“Then can we become engaged now?” Alex said, excitement in his voice. He held his breath waiting for the answer.
“Yes dear, but we should ask mother first I think,” said Ruth with a beautiful smile.
“Come on, we’ll do it now. Your mother’s still in the house.”
They walked back to the house to speak to her mother. They found her in the kitchen preparing tea when they walked in on her. She turned to greet them and saw immediately that they were excited about something. Alex spoke. “Mum. Would you mind if Ruth and I became engaged?” Mother looked at each one in turn. She had been expecting this but somehow it had come as a shock. She looked at Alex and spoke.
“Well Alex, you’ve been like another son to me these last two years so I must agree to your engagement. You’re not thinking of a wedding yet are you?”
“Oh no, another year I think Mum.” And he kissed her on the cheek. “I’ll take care of your lovely daughter for you, have no fear.” 
Ruth’s mother looked at them both again and saw the happiness in their eyes. She knew that she had lost a daughter but had gained a son. Having told Ruth of his plans, Alex felt relieved and began to look forward with great excitement to his new posting.
--0--
He reported to his new unit in Devon, three weeks later and within hours was being examined in all aspects of training. With him was a young chap, Ken, from Dorset, who had been a farm labourer in civil life. He too had yearned for some excitement and after he had completed six weeks’ training with the Dorset Regiment he had volunteered to serve with the Commandos although he knew little about them. He found the training very hard and had to be helped out several times by the sergeant with him. Alex loved the life. He enjoyed the rigorous, outdoor training and was delighted when they were told that they were going to Scotland for a final six weeks’ course.
The train journey to Scotland was uneventful, except for the odd air raid alarm, when the train would stop and wait for the all clear to go. On arrival at Spean Bridge a tough-looking sergeant ordered them to leave the train and to put on their kit haversacks.
“The camp is 7½ miles away. You have one hour to get there. Anyone failing to do so will be returned to their unit,” roared the sergeant.
Alex looked at Ken, shrugged his shoulders and grinned! They all set off running, then walking with about 50 lbs. of equipment on their backs. No words were spoken on the journey and it was a relief when the squad finally arrived at the camp. Outside the camp were fifty tombstones with the names of the dead soldiers and the reasons for their deaths on them. The soldiers were very quiet as they read each epitaph. Little did they know then that there were no dead soldiers under the tombstones, and that this was a psychological ploy; a test for the new recruits
Alex and Ken were separated but were determined to remain friends. Alex moved into a Nissen hut, threw his kit onto a bed and looked round. The steel ribs of the hut were behind the bed. The bed itself however had what he had been looking for, space to hang his photograph of Ruth. Having done that he proceeded to empty his bag and settle in. Training was hard, and although Alex was as very fit he was quite tired when he returned from a 35 mile route march.
He enjoyed canoeing in the white waters of the local rivers, often returning sodden. The ‘Death Slide’ was a cable stretching from a tree up a mountain, across a river in a deep valley, down to a tree near the camp. Alex hated it and always said a prayer when he slid his hand through a loop in a piece of wire, threw it over the cable, slid his other hand in another loop and then jumped. He would hurtle through the air at great speed while soldiers fired live ammunition around you. Ruth was never far away from Alex’s thought as he flew through the air.
Four weeks passed quickly and everyone felt much fitter than on arrival. In spite of the long training days Alex still found time to write letters to his Ruth, letters full of love. Ruth too, wrote often, and her letters told him how much she was missing him.
The course was of six weeks’ duration, and two weeks of this was spent in the hills where they had to exist on what food they could find. They were sent out in pairs and Alex was glad to be with his young Dorset friend who was well-versed in country lore and so was well aware of anything poisonous in the hills. It was he who caught a field mouse and a rabbit in the first few hours. He knew where to look for beetles and other insects which when crushed could be swallowed to supply much needed protein. They survived the two weeks. Both men had lost a few pounds but were in fine physical shape and with their weather-beaten faces, looked a picture of health.
The training over, the soldiers returned to Devon to await their posting to an active-service unit. The two men were pleased when they learnt that they had been posted together to 43rd Regiment. Alex was still a sergeant while Ken had been promoted to lance corporal, the first rung on the promotion ladder. They reported to the office for further instructions, to be told that they had been granted seven days leave. Ken tried hard to persuade his friend to go to Dorset with him but Alex would have none of it. He was desperate to see his fiancée again. They had sent many letters to each other but this only fuelled the fires of love.
It was late when he arrived at Salisbury and so he had no transport home. But he was quite undeterred by a mere five mile walk ahead of him. He took a short cut by walking along the main railway line which led past Ruth’s home. He was soon home and he tapped gently on the door. After what seemed an eternity, he heard the key turn in the lock and the door slowly opened. A head peeped round the door and a voice enquired who it was. The voice was that of Ruth. Alex eased the door open, stepped inside and in a sweeping movement took her in his arms, stilling her startled gasp by pressing his lips against hers. Her wide eyes looked up at him then she surrendered to his arms. They stood like this for moments. Alex could feel the soft body through the clinging nightdress and he responded. The heavenly moments were shattered by the sleepy voice of Ruth’s mother demanding to know who it was.
“It’s Alex,” gasped Ruth, “It’s alright mum, I’ll take care of him. He wants a cup of tea.”
Unfortunately Mrs Rowdon insisted on joining them and soon, all three were sitting down and drinking tea – Alex eating sandwiches, using up the week’s ration of cheese but not realizing it of course. Soldiers were well fed without the bother of ration cards. They sat and talked for an hour. Alex hoped that the old lady would go to bed, leaving him with Ruth but whether by accident or intent, she remained downstairs with them till Alex intimated that it was time for all to go to bed. They all went to bed and he barely had time to give Ruth’s hand a squeeze before she left him for her room.
The seven days slipped by very quickly. Most of it seemed to be visiting relatives. This was a chore but he felt it had to be done for Ruth was evidently very proud of her sergeant. In the evenings they went for walks around the village often stopping to speak to one of Ruth’s village friends and their soldier friends. Most of the village girls had been taken over by the soldiers of the camp and the Tyneside accent was frequently heard when Alex walked out. He had lost most of his accent now, due to the correction by Ruth and his service with south-country soldiers.
Alex was very much in love and loved to hold Ruth in his arms, especially in the warm weather when she wore thin summer dresses and he could feel her body pressing against him in his embrace. He made no move to caress her body nor did he demand more than kisses. He did not want to ruin his life. Ruth was steadfast in her belief that there was plenty of time for body knowledge after marriage.
Once again he said farewell to her and he felt that he had convinced her that the work in which he was involved was not as dangerous as she had thought. He smiled grimly to himself as he thought of this as he knew that on his return he would be sent off on a raid – to where, he did not know. 
Alex arrived back to find Ken studying the notice board.
“We’re off to Girvan tomorrow,” he said, turning to greet his friend, “did you have a good leave?”
“Marvellous!” said Alex. “Rather short though.”
“You didn’t get yourself married I hope.” Ken replied, laughing.
“Married? Me? No way. There’s plenty of time for that when I’ve finished playing war games,” retorted Alex. They went on their way together, chatting – obviously pleased to see each other again.
The train puffed its way slowly up the west of England, stopping here and there for water and twice when the air raid sirens warned of an air raid in the district. These stoppages lengthened the journey to double the estimated time and there were many tired and bored soldiers who detrained at Glasgow. Vehicles met them and bore them to their camp and so to bed, only to be woken at dawn to ‘Stand-to’ to get up and guard the camp.
Three days later Alex was called into the Colonel’s office to be told that there was to be a raid and that he was to be in charge of the demolitions. His task was to blow up a small factory which was in German hands. He would be escorted by a section of ten men to protect him and they would have another Royal Engineer to help him with the charges of explosives. The colonel discussed the task with him, going over the plan with him several times and then sent for the covering party. A young officer, barely in his twenties and ten men appeared. Alex was delighted to see that Ken was one of the soldiers. They were introduced and the rest of the plan was produced and discussed. With a bit of luck the raiding party would be in and out without meeting opposition.
The next day the party left for Oxford to pick up the equipment needed for the task. Alex carefully checked the explosives and detonators and felt reasonably confident that he could carry out the task given to him. They then all left for Portsmouth where a Motor Torpedo Boat was to take them to their destination. They boarded the craft in the early evening and were told to have a sleep while they could. Alex couldn’t sleep, his mind was too active. He looked around him. Some of the more experienced soldiers were already asleep but he saw that Ken was awake. He too was having a problem getting to sleep.
Alex went through the plan again and again and then thought of Ruth. She would be preparing for bed now, little dreaming that he was on the high seas, bound for France, on his first raid. He dozed, waking with a start every few minutes and he was quite pleased when they were told to prepare for Action Stations.
The soldiers were silent, each with his own thoughts. Alex felt his heart pumping and his throat was dry. How well would he react to this kind of fighting? He spoke to Ken but didn’t recognize his own voice. Were the others feeling like this? He wondered. They all looked calm and composed and this soothed Alex and he began to feel more comfortable. ‘H’ hour arrived and they silently disappeared into the darkness.
Once off the boat Alex became a new man. He made his way to the target, which was a small factory near the waterfront of a large village. With great coolness Alex laid the charges, taking great care that his demolition was going to be a success. At last he was satisfied and waved back his support group. They disappeared into the night, covering his departure. He lit the safety fuse and moved back quickly. When he had re-joined his comrades, they all set off, back to the beach. Half way to the sands, the stillness was shattered by a great explosion. The air was filled with debris and the whole area was lit up as flames reached high into the sky. The soldiers smiled with delight, their teeth gleaming white in their blackened faces. They hurried to the point where they were to be picked up, for they could hear the harsh voices of the German soldiers as they searched the area for the intruders.
They found the marker and waited tensely in the grey light of dawn. The minutes ticked by. The guttural voices of the enemy could be heard quite close now and they had with them their guard dogs which snarled and barked as they strained at their leashes. The soldiers looked anxiously out at the grey sea and then one of them touched Alex on the arm and pointed. There, slowly looming out of the dawn was their craft. They quickly waded out to it and were hauled aboard in seconds. Just in time they thought as the Germans burst onto the beach. Bullets slapped against the boat but it quickly disappeared from view and Alex and his team relaxed, laughing with pleasure at the outcome of the raid. Soon they were drinking mugs of hot tea and eating food with great relish. Alex felt elated. What a night. This was what he had hoped for when he had volunteered. No doubt there would be more to come.
Ken was quiet now that the tension had broken. He was feeling a little nauseous. He was thinking that only he had been nervous, the rest seemed to be so relaxed, so unafraid. Even Alex, on his first raid, looked quite calm. Little did he know of course that most of the younger soldiers had been scared but they had managed to conceal it; just as he had done from his fellow soldiers.
The young officer went to each member of the raiding party to congratulate him on his effort. Ken told him that he had been afraid and was astonished when the young officer laughed in his face and told him that he had not been able to stop his teeth chattering, and slapping Ken on the back, told him that he was going to ask for him on the next raid. Ken smiled with relief and sought out his friend Alex who greeted him warmly and they discussed the whole raid till the boat arrived back in Portsmouth.
Here they were separated, Ken going back to barracks and Alex being taken to headquarters to give his version of the raid. He was congratulated on his demolition and he left for barracks, feeling very pleased with himself and his night’s work.
Weeks passed and although training was interesting Alex couldn’t wait for the next raid. He was delighted when he was told to report for an Orders Group, when he would be given details of another raid. He and his fellow soldiers were warned that this would be a very big raid and so casualties could be expected. Strangely enough no one considered themselves as a likely candidate for death or even wounding.
They set off for Scotland and Scapa Flow where they anchored till the assault group were all there. The North Sea was at its worst, 30 feet waves smashed against the ships, so the raid was put back a day. The waves had lessened so off went the ships led by a battleship, destroyers either side guarding the commandos.
Alex stood on deck watching as the ships made their way to Norway. His thoughts were centred on Ruth. How lucky he was to have a girl like Ruth, he prayed for the war to finish so he could marry her and take her north to Newcastle. His musings were cut short as the stand-by warnings were broadcast. He put on the rest of his kit and stood waiting with his friends.
Nearing the objective he boarded his small boat, a landing craft. The team made its way to the small town which was being shelled by the cruiser with planes dropping smoke bombs to hide the approach of the landing craft. Racing ashore Alex began his work by blowing up a tank, then setting fire to a German storeroom and some accommodation. He darted around a corner to join his comrades when he ran full tilt into a burly German. The German was the first to respond drawing his Luger pistol but Alex grabbed his arm, pulled him over his hip twisting his hand at the same time so that the German shot himself. Alex kept the Luger and then raced on to complete his work of demolitions. At 0400 hrs. they were called to retire and they did so - a job well done. Returning to their billets they were given a week’s leave so Alex returned to Winterbourne and cuddled his lovely girl.
--0—
Two weeks later the unit began to train for the next task. This involved cliff climbing and abseiling so they moved to Bracklesham Bay to practise these skills. Ken being rather heavy found cliff climbing rather difficult but the lighter Alex enjoyed the new activities. Abseiling he loved and very quickly he was descending cliffs in seconds by means of thirty feet jumps down the cliff face. During one of the abseiling days he was asked to demonstrate the art to some new recruits. Grasping the rope, he wrapped it round himself, showing the spectators how to do it. He then lowered himself slowly over the edge of the cliff and began the descent. He was two thirds of the way down when the rope snapped and Alex went tumbling down the cliff. The soldiers looked down and saw him lying in a crumpled heap. Quickly the instructors scrambled down the cliff and raced to his side. Alex was unconscious. A medical orderly took charge, first ensuring that he was still alive. An ambulance raced to the scene and carefully they lifted him onto the stretcher and into the vehicle. Minutes later he was on his way to hospital, accompanied by his friend, Ken and the medical orderly.
Meanwhile, the Sergeant-Major had turned to the other soldiers and had made them redouble their efforts in training. Accidents were accepted as routine to this type of soldier. Gently they carried Alex into hospital where he was examined thoroughly by a team of doctors. He slowly opened his eyes, smiled weakly, sighed and fell back into unconsciousness. They prepared him for surgery and wheeled him into the operating theatre. Three hours later he came out still unconscious and was wheeled away to the ward. Here he was put to bed and a young nurse sat in vigil at his bedside. It was some hours later when he regained consciousness. The first, slight movement had the nurse on her feet, hovering over him like a dove.
He opened his eyes and looked around without moving his head. He tried to speak but the nurse motioned him to be quiet and not to speak. He looked at her, smiled again and dropped off into a deep, healthy sleep. It was morning when he next awoke and there, still with him was the same nurse.
“Hello nurse.” he said weakly.
“Hello Sergeant. Now don’t talk too much, you’re still weak,” replied the pretty, young nurse, tucking in his sheets.
“What have I broken nurse?” he asked.
“You’ll hear all in good time. The doctor will keep you informed.”
“Have you been with me all night nurse?” Alex asked her softly
“Yes, I couldn’t leave you till you came to. I’ll go now. Nurse Thompson is here to keep an eye on you. Be a good boy,” she said with a twinkle in her eye and a flashing smile. Patting his cheek she departed.
Nurse Thompson came along and took her place but somehow it wasn’t quite the same thought Alex and fell asleep, dreaming of a young nurse who had nursed him back to consciousness.

Chapter Five
Alex was awakened by the sound of furniture being moved and he opened his eyes to see a screen being pulled round his bed. At his side was a doctor and a nursing sister. The doctor smiled at him,
“Hello my boy. It’s nice to see you looking so well. I thought you weren’t going to come around. You had us all scared to death.”
Alex looked at him. I must be broken up he thought to himself for doctors to worry about me.
“What’s wrong with me doctor? Tell me the worst.”
The doctor looked at him for a moment. “Well Sergeant, you broke both legs, an arm, two ribs and damaged your spine. You’re darned lucky to be alive, I can tell you. It says something for your fitness.”
Alex gasped, the broken bones would heal in time; he knew that, but what about his spine?
“Doctor, what is wrong with my spine? Will I be crippled?” he whispered.
The doctor paused again. “I don’t know,” he said, “some cases remain paralysed others have a hundred per cent recovery. It will take time, good nursing and determination from you. We have the time and can give you the nursing but have you the determination?”
Alex shook his head in bewilderment. Why had it happened to him? He looked up at the doctor, smiled grimly and said, “I have plenty of that, you’ll see.”
“Well done my boy. That’s what I wanted to hear. It’s all in the state of mind. Now let’s have a look at these broken bones.” He moved the patient slightly and Alex groaned. His ribs reminded him in no uncertain way that they were broken. The doctor examined him thoroughly and expressed satisfaction at his condition. After he left Alex lay there unable to comprehend the full meaning of the doctor’s diagnosis. He was confused, dispirited and very unhappy. And then, suddenly into the ward breezed the young nurse who had helped him the evening before. She made a bee-line for Alex and stood there looking down at him, her smile radiating warmth.
“Hello Sergeant. How are we today? Oh dear. What about a smile then?” 
He looked up at her and for a moment his face remained impassive, then he grinned. “All the better for seeing you nurse,” he said, “have you come to cheer me up?”
“Cheer you up my lad. You shouldn’t need it. You’re still alive. What are a few broken bones? Why, in six months you’ll be playing football, you’ll see,” she retorted gaily.
“I’m not worried about my legs,” he said, “but I don’t want to be paralysed all my life.”
“Paralysed, you! Don’t make me laugh.”
“The doctor said that I may be paralysed and I may not,” Alex said.
The nurse laughed. “Oh yes, Dr Little is a pessimist and I’m an optimist. What are you? Whose side are you on?”
Alex laughed with her. “Yours,” he said.
“Good,” replied the nurse, we’ll start now. My name is Nurse Jane and I have to take special care of you. What’s your name?” (As if she didn’t know).
“I’m Alex and I was a commando but they won’t want me now,” he said with a hint of bitterness.
“There you go,” she said, “that’s no way to talk. You’ve got to say when you go back to them – positive thinking!” and she tucked in the sheet, pulling a face at him as she moved away down the ward.
Alex watched her go. She seemed to float along and he could hear her cheering laugh as she greeted others in the ward. He lay back on his bed. His mind was confused and he just didn’t know what to think. If he was paralysed then he must break off with Ruth. One couldn’t expect a lovely young girl to wait for a cripple. When he was able, he would write to her or perhaps he wouldn’t write at all, he could just let things go. Ruth would be upset but she would get over it in time. Mulling these things over in his mind he gradually dropped off into a deep sleep.
After what seemed a few minutes but was really several hours, he came to his senses and opened his eyes. There sitting beside him with her usual cheery smile was Nurse Jane. “Come on lazybones,” she chuckled, “I’m waiting to wash you.” He noticed that the screen had been drawn round his bed and suddenly realized that this young nurse was going to wash him – give him a bath in fact. He sank into the bed, pulling up the clothes with his free hand.
“It’s alright nurse, I’m not dirty,” he said, “just wash my face.”
Nurse Jane laughed and said, “Sorry but I have my instructions and they are that I have to give you a bath and examine the bandages and plaster.”
Alex blushed scarlet as the nurse pulled back the bedclothes and ever so gently began to bathe his body. He lay still, acutely embarrassed as she examined him thoroughly. But he also noticed that her face had turned pink, probably because of her exertions he thought, or was it that she too was shy?
The examinations and the ablutions done, they looked at each other in silence, broken only when Jane lightly remarked, “I can see that no nurse has ever bathed you before.”
“No, never,” replied Alex, “no girl has ever seen my body. You are the first.” He hid his red face. Jane looked at him again, smoothed down his pillow and as she did so her face came close to his – so close he could smell the clean fragrance of her perfume and he closed his eyes. At that moment she leaned forward and kissed him lightly on the cheek and before he could open his eyes, she had disappeared. Alex lay there, his cheek still damp where she had kissed him. He smiled drowsily to himself and fell asleep, dreaming of battles and nurses and kisses. He awoke feeling hungry and the duty nurse was delighted when he asked for food. She called the doctor who immediately came to see him.
“How are you Sergeant? Do you feel any better today?”
“Yes thank you doctor, I feel really hungry.”
“That’s a good sign, my boy. You’re on the mend,” said the doctor, taking hold of his wrist and checking his pulse.
“How long will I be in here doctor? Alex queried.
“It will take your bones six weeks to heal then we hope to make you walk.”
“But what’s wrong with me – why can’t I walk?” demanded Alex. “Tell me everything.”
“We just don’t know yet. We can find nothing to cause paralysis but it is there. There is probably a nerve trapped and one day it will be freed and you will walk normally,” said the doctor, “in the meantime you must not lose your determination to walk again. That may help you but bitterness will only retard your progress. You are in good hands here and Nurse Jane will take care of you till you leave us.” 
As he spoke, Nurse Jane came up to the bed. “Hello doctor. How’s our patient today?” she asked, smiling at Alex.
“He’s a very fit young man Nurse. We must make sure that his mind is as healthy as his body and I leave that side of it to you. Keep him cheerful and in a few months he’ll be chasing you around the ward.” The doctor departed.
Jane looked at Alex, her lips smiling but her eyes were thoughtful. She moved around the bed slowly, tucking in a sheet here and there and straightening his pillow beside his head. Neither spoke, each preoccupied with their own thoughts. Alex broke the silence first. “Good morning nurse. It’s nice to see you again after that old battle-axe,” and he grinned up at her.
“Shush! You mustn’t say that about Nurse Jamieson, she’s a very efficient nurse.” replied Jane, hiding her face as she spoke. She didn’t want him to see the pleasure in her eyes at his words.
“I know that, but she never smiles. When you come in it’s like a breath of fresh air and everyone feels better,” retorted Alex. Nurse Jane thanked him and pulled a face at him making him smile back at her.
“No bath today nurse?” he asked, looking straight at her.
“No, not today,” she replied, turning her face away but not before he had seen the blush creep over her face. Well! Well! He thought, she is not as hard as nurses are supposed to be.
The days passed slowly, especially when Jane was not on duty but his bones began to knit together. The doctor was pleased at his recovery and Alex was pleased when he could shed bandages and plaster. He was still confined to a wheelchair but he could propel himself around the ward which he did: he talked to all the patients, cheering up the newcomers into the ward – some with multiple injuries and these cases made him forget his own troubles for a while. Daily he prayed that feeling would come back to his legs and he struggled to raise himself till the perspiration poured down his cheeks. He punished himself by perpetually striving to make his muscles work and often the nurse on duty would chastise him for overdoing his exercises. Alex just continued.
The doctors examined him regularly but could find no reason for his condition and encouraged Alex to keep trying with his exercise routine. He suggested that Nurse Jane should wheel him outside every day. At first it was round the hospital gardens, here he could sit and look at the mountains rearing their heads into the deep, blue, northern sky. Their magnificence overawed him and somehow eased his tortured mind. Usually Jane left him there and re-joined him later. But sometimes she sat down beside him and chatted gaily to him.
One day she looked up at him and said, “Alex, what has happened to Ruth, your friend?” Alex looked startled.
“Ruth? How did you know about Ruth?” he asked.
Jane glanced at him for a moment, her eyes searching his face. “You talked a lot about her when you were unconscious,” she replied, “she hasn’t been to see you – why not?” she pressed him.
Alex looked away, avoiding her gaze. “Why not?” he said, “I’m a cripple and I don’t want anyone marrying me out of pity. I haven’t told her. She’ll forget me eventually and she can find someone who is fit and well and who won’t be a burden to her.”
Jane looked at him gravely for a few seconds and then said, “If she loves you then she will take care of you whether or not you’re crippled. I think you should write to tell her where you are.”
“I’m not, and it’s none of your business.” Alex replied, sharply.
There was a long silence. Jane had never heard him speak like this before and realised how bitter he felt about the accident. However, she was determined to have the last word. “You’re right, it’s none of my business but I still think that it is very mean of you. No doubt that poor girl is eating her heart out, longing for news of you. Come on, I’m taking you inside.”
She pushed the wheelchair along the path to the door and it was here that he spoke again. “Sorry Jane. I was rude to you. Forgive me – it’s this awful accident. I’ll think about what you said.”
Alex enjoyed these outdoor trips and felt close to Jane as they sat and talked to each other. “Why haven’t you got a boyfriend Jane? You’re lovely, attractive and sensible. I just can’t understand it. You should have hundreds chasing you.”
“I did have a friend once – but he never came back from Dunkirk.” she told him.
“Oh, I’m sorry Jane,” said Alex quickly and put his hand on hers in sympathy. He didn’t take it away and she didn’t move hers. After a while she rose, pulled up the blanket over his knees and moved to take the chair handles. He took her arms, pulled her face down gently and kissed her on the lips. She let him kiss her and then stood up. He looked up at her, grinned and said, “Now we’re quits, remember?”
Jane blushed. She had thought that he had been asleep when she had kissed him that night in the ward but obviously he had not. Somehow she had enjoyed that kiss just now. It was a long time since she had been kissed and it made her blood flow madly.
The outdoor ventures were extended further and soon Alex knew all the surrounding areas. He protested when Jane pushed him up a mountain track, saying that it was too difficult for her slight figure, but she laughed and continued. They stopped at a small cave in the hillside and here they ate their sandwiches, laughing and joking as they did so. Alex looked at Jane after one of these bouts and took her hand into his.
“You’re good for me Jane. I don’t know what I would do without you,” he said.
 Jane laughed. “Any nurse would do as well. You’re such a good patient.” Alex pulled her close, and taking her in his arms, kissed her passionately. She lay submissively and then pushed herself away.
“No Alex, we mustn’t. There’s Ruth to think of.” she whispered, her voice trembling.
“I’ve told you Jane; Ruth will have finished with me now. She probably thinks I’m dead. But I shouldn’t kiss you either, I’m just a cripple and I’ll always be a cripple. Come on, let’s go home.”

Chapter Six
The days and weeks passed with no letter or news from Alex. Ruth would return from work in Salisbury hospital hoping and praying for a letter from her Geordie boyfriend but each night she was disappointed. “Where can he be mother?” she would ask over and over again.
“I don’t know dear but I am very disappointed for I thought that he was a lovely boy. He may have been killed of course – we wouldn’t be told but they would tell his parents.”
“Of course! I will write to his mother to find out where he is. I will do it right now.” Ruth disappeared to write the letter but on sitting down, pen ready, she thought that Alex’s mother would not like her to be nosey, so put down the pen. Mrs Rowdon watched her daughter grow from a happy-go-lucky young girl into a moody, stay-at-home. Finally she decided to do something about it.
“Ruth,” she said, “we are having a dance in the hall on Wednesday. I am doing the refreshments. Will you come and help me?”
“Do you really need me mother?” asked Ruth.
“Yes I do. Eileen can’t come and I must have someone to help.”
“Alright mother, but I’ll be leaving early as I won’t be dancing.”
Mrs Rowdon was delighted that her plan was working and smiled to herself as she washed her dishes, planning the second part for next Wednesday at the hall. Ruth arrived home late from work on Wednesday but mother chased her to get changed for the dance. An unwilling Ruth changed into a very becoming dress, looked in the mirror and shook her head. Mother and daughter busied themselves making sandwiches and tea and producing some excellent cream cakes. The interval was very busy as the soldiers and airmen lined up to buy their refreshment and Ruth was in great demand as the hostess.
A young officer had been watching Ruth and having allowed everyone else to be served he sauntered up and said, “Please may I have a cup of tea from those lovely hands?”
She looked up and saw a young, handsome Royal Engineer officer with dark eyes and a ready smile. Without saying a word she poured out a cup of tea and handed it to him. He bowed and thanked her, returning to his seat. The interval over, the band struck up and the dance began again. Soon the sound of hob-nailed boots filled the room. The young officer, having finished his cup of tea, leaned back and surveyed the room. Eventually his gaze fell on, and stayed on, Ruth’s face. She had finished her chores and was sitting in the corner, close to the kitchen. After watching her intently for a few minutes, he rose and made his way over to her. He looked at her and smiled and said, “I hope you don’t mind me joining you. You looked so sad and it’s wrong for a pretty girl to be so sad.” Ruth flushed and glanced away. “What’s your name?” he asked quietly. 
Ruth looked at him and then after a pause replied, “Ruth Rowdon and I help my mother in the kitchen.”
“My name is Fred Johnson and I am stationed at the Gas School. This is my first week here and I think it is a lovely little village.”
She didn’t answer, just watched the dancing. Fred waited for a moment then said, “Please may I have the pleasure of a dance with you?” 
Ruth was going to refuse when a voice from the kitchen said, “Of course she will. She enjoys dancing.” It was her mother who had suddenly appeared. Ruth paused then got up onto the dance floor. It was a quickstep and soon he was leading her around the room with expertise. When the dance finished he took her back to her seat and thanked her. Ruth was breathless, whether it was because of the dance or not she wasn’t sure. He came up for the next dance but Ruth quietly refused, saying she was tired. Fred looked at her, sat down beside her and said, “What’s wrong Ruth? Have I upset you? Please tell me so that I can apologise.”
Ruth looked at him, her eyes filling with tears. “No, it’s not you. You have been a gentleman.”
“Then tell what’s wrong. Perhaps I can help.”
She shook her head, pushed back her hair and said, “I’m afraid you can’t help me. Only one person can do that and I don’t think he wants to.”
 He looked at her lovely face and tear-filled eyes and immediately decided he would offer his help, regardless of what it cost. “Come on dear, tell Uncle Fred your troubles.”
She looked at this young face and decided to trust him with her sorry tale. “I have a boyfriend,” she said, “we were very much in love and then he joined the commandos. He wrote at first saying he was moving. I haven’t heard from him since and that was weeks ago. I don’t know if he has finished with me, is wounded or is dead.” Her voice quivered as she spoke.
Fred looked at her and resolved to find this soldier at all costs. “Ruth, when you go home look for your friend’s number and rank. Bring it here next week and I will see if I can find him for you.”
 Ruth was overjoyed with his offer and promised to do as he said, saying she knew where to find his number. Soon afterwards Ruth left for home, her mother going with her, to Fred’s annoyance. Before she left she gave Fred a dazzling smile. “Goodnight and thank you!”
He stood watching them until they were out of sight. What a beautiful girl he thought. I wish I had met her earlier. However, it is possible that she may be free and if so I will step in. With that he picked up his cap and set off for camp with a jaunty step and whistling cheerfully. Lying in bed that night he thought of Ruth and hoped and hoped and ...next morning in his office he prepared a list of telephone numbers he would use once he had the regimental number and rank of Ruth’s friend.
--0--
Ruth found great difficulty in concentrating at work. Her mind wandered to the young officer. Questions flooded her mind. Could he find Alex for her or was he just trying to be friendly? Was Alex still alive? Where was he? Had he found another girl? She shook her head in exasperation. This won’t do she thought. I’ll have to forget about the promise and concentrate on my work or the Almoner will be cross with me. Nevertheless, Thursday and Friday were very long days. Time dragged and she was glad when she got on the bus to go home.
Sunday morning was warm and bright as she walked to the village church. Sitting in the choir stalls she could survey the whole church and as she sat, she wondered if Lieutenant Johnson would attend the service. Her heart quickened when she saw a khaki-clad young officer enter and take a seat but she realised it wasn’t him. She wondered if she should speak to this officer about Fred but on reflection thought better of it and just returned home after the service.
Wednesday night was dance night again and Ruth volunteered to help her mother with the refreshments. Her mother noticed that she had taken great pains in her dressing and smiled to herself. Together they walked to the hall and soon Ruth was busy preparing sandwiches and cakes for the soldiers. Although very busy, she still found time to sneak a glance into the hall to see if the young officer had arrived. She patted her pocket to check that the paper with the required information was still there.
The interval came and she was kept busy, too busy to notice that he had not arrived. After feeding the hungry dancers she looked round the hall and her heart sank. He wasn’t there. Oh! She thought, was he kidding me? And yet, he seemed so nice. She sat in her usual seat near the kitchen. Twice she was approached to dance but she politely refused. She decided to put on her coat to leave when her mother asked why she was leaving.
“I’m leaving now because I’m tired of waiting for the officer who wanted Alex’s rank and number. He said he would try to find out where Alex was, but he hasn’t come tonight.”
“Perhaps he is working and can’t get here. There is a war on you know dear.”
Just then the hall door opened and a soldier came in, looked around and then came straight across to her. “Beg your pardon ma’am,” he said “are you Miss Rowdon?”
“Yes.” said Ruth.
“Then I have a message for you. Mr Johnson sends his apologies and says he has to work tonight and so can’t come to the dance. He says, God willing, he will be here next week. Nice chap, Mr Johnson.”
Ruth thanked him, her head in a whirl. He hadn’t let her down after all.
“There, I told you that you were too quick to judge the lad. You see he is a real gentleman,” said her mother. Ruth nodded.
Ruth was no longer the happy-go-lucky young girl she used to be. Her mother watched in despair as Ruth took no interest in the home or social events and even had to be pushed to take care of herself. Wednesday evening came again and once more Mrs Rowden asked Ruth to help her but Ruth complained of a headache and said that she may call in later if the headache had gone. Her mother was cross and told her to snap out of her black mood, especially tonight as Mr Johnson said he would be there and he had promised to help her if he could. The least she could do was to attend the dance. Mrs Rowden left for the hall, slamming the door behind her to infuriate her daughter. Once in the kitchen she busied herself with the food and forgot about her wayward daughter.
The interval was as busy as ever and once it was over she sat down for a rest. Her eyes searched the room for Lieutenant Johnson but to no avail. Well, well. Perhaps Ruth was right and she will never see him again. He had looked and behaved like a real gentleman. Musing thus, she saw the door open and three young officers enter. They sat down at the rear end of the hall and soon were chatting away, making no attempt to dance. After a few minutes one of them detached himself from the group and walked up to her.
“Hello ma’am,” he said, “are you Ruth’s mother?”
“Yes.” she replied.
“I promised to come tonight to see her and to get Sergeant Water’s rank and number so that I can help her, but I can’t see her. Is she alright?” he asked. He looked at Mrs Rowden and she noted his handsome face.
“I’m afraid not. At least not at the moment. She had a headache but she did say that she would come later, if it lifted. I think I’ll go over and give her a shaking,” said Mrs Rowdon.
“Please don’t do that,” said Lieutenant Johnson, “If she is okay then I’m sure she will come. I do look forward to seeing her again.” He rose, gave a little bow and returned to the far end of the hall to rejoin his friends.
“What a silly girl I’ve got, she doesn’t deserve any help.” Mrs Rowdon muttered to herself. The dance continued. The soldiers in their heavy uniforms and army boots all had faces shining with perspiration but were thoroughly enjoying themselves. The door opened and Ruth walked in. She came up to her mother without glancing right or left.
“Oh! You finally came. Are you aware that there is a young officer here who has waited an hour for you? I nearly told him to go home. Here he is.” Her mother finished her stinging rebuke and disappeared into the kitchen.
Lieutenant Johnson approached and said, “Hello Ruth. I thought I was going to miss you tonight. Have you recovered from your headache?”
Ruth blushed and dropped her eyes before answering. “Yes, thank you. It was very nice of you to come.”
Lieutenant Johnson looked at her, marvelling at her beauty. “I promised to help you if I can. Have you brought Alex’s details?”
“Yes, here you are. When I last saw him he was Sergeant A. Waters, No.10123342 but it may have changed since then.”
“Thank you. His rank may have changed but not his number. He will have that for life,” said Fred Johnson.
“Don’t get yourself into trouble on my behalf. He’s probably dead now.” Her voice dropped as she said it. Fred Johnson put the paper in his pocket, determined to do his best to help this pretty girl in her search for her boyfriend.
“Now that’s done what about a dance?”
“Go on dear,” said her mother who had been listening to the conversation. ”It’s the least you can do for him.” She liked this young officer and hoped something would come of this meeting. It would certainly bring her daughter out of her depression. Reluctantly Ruth rose to his feet and joined the crowd on the dance floor. He is certainly a good dancer she thought as they glided around the floor. When the dance finished he escorted her back to her seat but instead of returning to his two friends, he sat down in the seat hastily vacated by her mother who had seen them making their way back.
“You certainly dance well Ruth. The best in the room I think,” he said, looking at her flushed face.
“Nonsense!” and here she raised half a smile. “I suppose you say that to all the girls you dance with.”
Delighted to have won her attention Fred talked animatedly about his job and his family and eventually managed to get Ruth involved. The evening ended far too quickly for Fred who found himself attracted to Ruth.
“May I walk home with you?” asked Fred suddenly.
“I will be helping mother to take the utensils home,” Ruth replied quickly.
“Well never mind, perhaps some other time.” Smiling cheerfully he made his way back to his officer friends. Arriving back with his friends they immediately began to tease him about the pretty girl who served the teas. Fred just smiled and when asked if he was going to take her for his girlfriend, passed it up by saying, “That girl’s heart is owned by someone else, a sapper sergeant.”
--0--
Next morning Lieutenant Johnson started ringing up various friends and some Units. He got no information from any of the regimental Units. They said that they would like to help but for security reasons they weren’t able to give him the location of any soldier. Disappointed but not disheartened he continued his quest by contacting every officer he knew. Most had no idea of the whereabouts of any soldiers but two old friends said that they too would ferret around for Sergeant Waters.
Two days later one of the friends rang up to say that he had found out where he had been stationed but not his present address. He did however have the unit’s name and number so perhaps Fred could go on from there. Fred was delighted and thanked his friend profusely.
Armed with this knowledge Fred Johnson began to pester various units to get knowledge of the sergeant. He thought he had succeeded when he spoke to a commando who had served with Sergeant Alex. The soldier had travelled from Scotland with him and they had trained together in Dorset and Devon. He remembered that the sergeant had left suddenly probably injured or even on a raid. He suggested to Lieutenant Johnson that he contacted all military hospitals, there were only a few in the South West of England.
Fred reached out for the Army list of hospitals and noted it was TOP SECRET and knew that he would have some difficulty in getting information. There were three hospitals in the area and so he chose the largest to begin with. He called the hospital several times under different names but each time without success. The second hospital was, at first, uncooperative, then, having said the soldier’s mother was wanting news of her son they told Fred that they would check the patients’ names for him. Fred was more optimistic now but a few minutes later the hospital rang to say that it had no patient of that name. Fred sat deliberating which hospital to try next. It was possible if Alex was wounded that he could be in any hospital in England. That would be a mammoth task. He finally decided that he would ring the third hospital which was in Devon. Once again he was told that it was impossible to give news of any patient. Fred was persistent this time and the nurse finally agreed to go and find out. After what seemed ages but was probably, actually only a few minutes the nurse came back to say that he was a patient in that hospital but he was paralysed and wanted no visitors.
Fred asked for more information but the nurse repeated that he was paralysed and wished to see no one. Well, thought Fred, at least I have found out where he is. Should I tell Ruth? She would surely want to visit him and that would be a waste of time. He thought of the situation many times before he decided to tell Ruth. Having reached a decision,
Fred was impatient for Wednesday evening to come. When Wednesday came he was horrified to find he was on duty again. He searched for his friend, Lieutenant Worthington and having told him the full story, asked him if he would do his duty for him. Worthington looked at Fred’s face for a moment and then with a smile agreed. Fred shook his hand and left to prepare for the dance.
Arriving at the hall, Fred casually looked around and his heart sang. There was Ruth working with her mother in the kitchen. He waited till the interval before approaching Ruth and her mother. Mrs Rowdon was delighted to see him and told Ruth to leave the washing-up, she would do that. Ruth looked at her mother who just smiled back so Ruth left the kitchen to join Fred in the hall. They sat down and then after a brief pause, Ruth spoke. “Have you any news of Alex?” she asked.
Fred waited a moment, drew a deep breath and replied. “Yes. I rang up several hospitals and I was lucky. I finally found where he was.”
Ruth suddenly became animated. “Where is he? Is he alright? Can I go to see him?” she blustered excitedly.
“Sergeant Alex is in the military hospital at Barnstaple in North Devon,” replied Fred softly.
“Thank you Fred, you are wonderful.”
Shaking his head, Fred blushed and then blurted out, “Don’t get carried away Ruth. He is paralysed. He fell down a cliff, broke both legs and injured his spinal cord.”
Ruth looked at him and then said, “There’s more to come isn’t there. Come on. Tell me!”
Fred paused, shrugged his shoulders, looked at her and said in a very firm voice, “He is so bad he wishes no one to see him in his present condition. This is obviously why he hasn’t written to you. He must think a lot of you.”
 Ruth absorbed the information with tears in her eyes. “Don’t go Ruth,” said Fred, “Alex obviously wants to be left alone. You’ll just upset him.”
“Upset him!” she snapped. “What about me, he hasn’t thought about my feelings has he?”
“Of course he has. He doesn’t want to upset you so he has decided to stay away from you. Can’t you see that?”
Ruth listened but shook her head. On Friday night or Saturday she would get the train to Barnstaple to see him for herself, to find out the truth. Perhaps Fred didn’t want her to go so that he could see more of her. Fred broke her line of thought to ask for a dance, and so they danced.
Ruth told her mother the good news that Fred had found the whereabouts of Alex and that she would go to see him. Fred joined in the conversation by telling her that Alex was paralysed and wanted to see nobody. Ruth reiterated that she was going even against the wishes of Fred and her mother. Mother left them at the gate with Fred still trying to persuade her not to go. Ruth finally accused him of wanting to take Alex’s place in her affections. Fred was annoyed but Ruth apologized, realizing that Fred had only been trying to help.
Saturday came and Ruth caught the Silver Star bus to Salisbury to catch the 9.55 am train to Barnstaple. On the train Ruth began to have second thoughts. Perhaps he didn’t want to see her. Perhaps his love for her had diminished. What should she do? Finally she decided that as she was almost there she would complete the journey.
The train was on time and she alighted in Barnstaple feeling fine but hungry. She debated whether to have lunch before going to the hospital but she was keen to see Alex so she went straight to the hospital. She found it easily enough and walked into the reception area saying a silent prayer that things would go alright.
“Could I see Sergeant Waters please?” she asked the receptionist who looked at her curiously and said, “Just a moment and I’ll check where he is.” She opened her large book and ran her finger down the list and said, “There he is, Ward 10, straight along the passage, end room on the left.”
Ruth thanked her and walked along the passage. Walking along she heard laughter coming from the end room. Without knocking she opened the door and froze. There sitting in a wheelchair with no shirt or socks on, wearing only underpants was Sergeant Alex Waters. There was a short pause when the nurse who had been manhandling Alex quietly slipped out of the room.
“Ruth! What are you doing here?” Alex snapped.
“I came to see you but you don’t seem very pleased to see me. Why didn’t you write to me?”
“Can’t you see why I didn’t write? I’m a cripple.” he said bitterly. “I wasn’t going to spend my life expecting you to give up everything to care for me. No! I wanted you to have a life of your own so I didn’t write. Go home, forget about me and find a new young man.”
Ruth looked at his angry face as he spat out the words she didn’t want to hear.
“So you don’t want me anymore, is that it?” she said.
“Haven’t I made it plain?” he said, “I am a cripple and I am not going to burden you.”
“Are you sure it’s not because of that lovely nurse?” she asked, angrily.
“No it’s not. She has to care for me, dress me, massage me, and take me out in the wheelchair and she’s a jewel, but that’s all.”
Ruth was seething, “I don’t believe you! You could have written to tell me! You didn’t even think of me and I thought you loved me!”
Alex waved his hand, “I do! That’s why I didn’t write! I didn’t want you to give up your life to care for a cripple!”
Ruth straightened up and in a bitter tone of voice said, “Alright, if that’s what you want I don’t want to see you again. Carry on with your nurse!”
Alex groaned. “Ruth, Ruth,” he muttered, but too late. Ruth looked at him, turned quickly and stormed out of the room.
The nurse, waiting in the corridor, ran after Ruth and confronted her. “You will be Ruth I suppose? Well let me tell you that he loves you dearly but he won’t let you give up your life for him,” said the nurse.
“Are you sure it’s not because of you?” retorted Ruth.
“No! I think he is a great boy but that is all. My lover is in the forces too.”
Ruth walked away, tears streaming down her face. Meanwhile Alex was sitting, tears in his eyes as he spoke to nurse Jane. “Oh Jane! What have I done? I love her so much but I just had to stop it before it went too far.”
Jane moved closer and, putting her arms around him, just stood and hugged him. Ruth arrived back in Salisbury after a long, miserable journey and taxied home where her mother was waiting for her.
“Well, she said, how was he?”
Ruth did not answer as she walked past her and into her bedroom where she threw herself onto her bed and sobbed. Her mother sighed and waited till her daughter was ready to explain what had happened. When Ruth did tell her she made it plain that the romance was over, even though her mother said she could understand Alex’s point of view.
On Wednesday Ruth was determined to show that she had forgotten Alex by dancing all evening with Fred. He didn’t ask any questions. He waited for her to tell him what had happened and he was strangely excited. Perhaps I have a chance now he thought to himself.

Chapter Seven
Melvyn Waldour stood outside Burscomb Manor, his face without its customary smile. He had just returned from his mother’s funeral at the village church in Burscomb. She now lay in the family crypt alongside her husband who had died two years ago. Melvyn gazed at the old house which he loved and which was now his. He was now Lord of the Manor of Burscomb and he began to think of the problems facing him, as it was impossible for him to live in this house. Having finished his medical training just as the war began, he had volunteered for the army and was now a Major in Shaftesbury Military Hospital.
The arrival of his faithful retainer and friend, Joe, interrupted his thoughts: Joe was leading the only horse left in the stables. Melvyn had insisted on keeping this one horse when his father had decided to get rid of the stables.
“Morning sir”, Joe smiled as he spoke. He too had been at the funeral and was now exercising the horse. “If you’re not in a hurry sir, we would love you to come for a cup of tea before you go back to your unit.”
“Thank you Joe. I would love that. Tell Margaret I would love one of her scones,” said Melvyn and they both laughed. Joe rode back to the stable and after stabling the horse went on to the house, where he found Margaret busying herself in the kitchen.
“The master’s coming for a cup of tea and one of your scones,” said Joe.
“Aren’t we lucky to have such a lovely master Joe?” she said as she prepared the table.
“Yes we are, but for how long dear? The master can’t live in the house and it will fall into ruins unless he sells it. If he does then it’s curtains for us. No one will employ me at my age.”
“Hush Joe, don’t be so pessimistic. Wait for the master to make up his mind. Anyway you’re not old. You’re in the prime of life,” she said as she stooped to kiss his balding head.
Melvyn arrived and greeting them heartily for he had known them virtually all his life and they had helped him so much. “Come master, sit down here and have some tea. I’ll look to see if I have a scone for you.”
Melvyn smiled, he loved this couple and was determined to make them happy after their long service to his family. The tea arrived and soon Melvyn was listening to all the local gossip as well as the affairs of the estate.
“I know I shouldn’t be asking sir, but what is going to happen to the estate? Are you selling it? Being in the Army means you can’t look after it.”
Melvyn nodded and said, “You are right Joe, I can’t be an army doctor and Lord of the Manor.” Joe looked across at Margaret as if to say ‘I told you so’.
“Of course I won’t always be a soldier will I? Then I will return and take up my duties again. Listen carefully Joe, I have given this a lot of thought and I have come to a great decision. I am promoting you to be my Estate Agent. You will be responsible for keeping an eye on my house and the estate. You will of course get a rise in salary. Are you prepared to do this for the next few years?”
There was a dead silence as Melvyn, having finished his speech, picked up his cup and sipped his tea. Joe broke his silence and said gratefully, “Thank you kindly master. I will do it with great pleasure, even without the rise in pay.”
“Then that’s settled. I’ll arrange for your pay to be increased and I’ll pop up to see you whenever I’m off duty. Now I’d better get back or they will think I have deserted. Bye!” He left the pair in a daze.
“I told you not to worry didn’t I?” said Margaret, “he’s a wonderful boy is our master. I forgot to ask him about Mary, his childhood friend. I hope they are still in touch.”
Melvyn drove back to Shaftsbury, his conversations with Joe and Margaret had helped him forget his personal grief. Once back at the hospital he was soon deep in medical business. He opened his mail next day to find a letter from his old friend Mary. They still corresponded but due to his work only saw each other occasionally. It was to tell him that she had qualified as a Nursing Sister and had been posted to Salisbury Infirmary so it was possible that they would see more of each other, if he so wished. He snorted. If he wished? He would show her, he would ring later that day to arrange a date when they could meet.
Sister Mary Miller arrived at Salisbury Infirmary and quickly settled into her new quarters and into her job as Ward Sister. On her third day she visited the Almoner’s office on the second floor and, having finished her business, turned to go when a voice said, “It’s Mary Miller isn’t it?”
She turned to see who had called her name and, recognising the face, exclaimed, “Ruth Rowdon! Why I haven’t seen you since we left South Wiltshire School. How are you? We must meet to have a chat. We can’t talk here. Can you meet me tonight about seven o’clock at the White Horse pub, then we can have a real good session.”
“Yes, that’s fine – seven o’clock it is. Take care till then,” smiled Ruth.
As Mary left the office, Ruth explained to the Almoner that Mary had been her best friend for the whole of the six years at school. Later, Ruth told her mother about meeting Mary and she too was delighted for Ruth’s sake. It could help to bring Ruth out of her sombre moods. When Ruth first arrived at the pub, she was very apprehensive as she had never been in a pub alone before; girls just didn’t do that. A few minutes later Mary arrived, apologizing for being late. They embraced and, after ordering drinks, sat down and began talking. They talked and talked and talked. The evening was well gone when Mary asked her if she had a boyfriend. Ruth hesitated and then, urged on by Mary told her the whole story.
“It all began when Alex, a young chap from County Durham was posted to Winterbourne, Dawntsey. He had met my mum in Salisbury and, in fact, he protected mum from a drunken soldier in the bus station. Mum invited him to the church hall. She told him that there was table tennis and refreshment for soldiers.”
“Did he come to the hall or did you meet him elsewhere?” asked Mary watching Ruth’s face whenever she mentioned the young man.
Ruth shook her head. “No, I met him in the hall.”
“Did your mother approve of all this?” said Mary. 
“She was in the hall the night we met,” replied Ruth. “Alex asked me to play table tennis with him. We played and afterwards Alex asked if he could see me home,” said Ruth.
“And did he take you home?” questioned Mary.
“Yes! I went to ask my mother if she objected and when she saw who it was she immediately agreed. She liked him from her first meeting.”
“So that was the beginning of the romance?” queried Mary. 
“Yes, that was the beginning but the longer it went on the closer we became. He wrote lovely letters from France and even wrote poems to me,” confessed Ruth.
“He sounds a nice boy to me,” said Mary after a lull in the conversation.
“Oh yes Mary, he was such a gentleman. He was polite, well-mannered and gentle.”
“You say he loved you! Did he tell you so?”
“Of course he did! Every time we met he told me of his undying love! I believed him too. Now I wonder if it was all lies.” Ruth sighed.
Mary sat bolt upright. “Of course it was true! From what you say he must have worshipped you!”
 “If that’s the case why has he cut me off now,” replied Ruth.
“Tell me what happened next,” said Mary.
Ruth paused, then continued her story. “A young officer who attended the dances in the hall offered to find out what had happened to Alex, as he hadn’t written for weeks.”
“Was this young officer a friend of yours too?” asked Mary.
“Well, yes, I suppose he was. Mum told him the story so he offered to help to find him.”
“That was kind of him. Perhaps he was hoping to take his place by being nice to you.” Mary looked hard at Ruth and saw her blushing.
“No! He just wanted to help and he did help, he found out that Alex was in a hospital in Barnstaple!”
“Good! Did you go and see him in hospital?” inquired Mary.
 “Eventually I did!” Ruth’s voice hardened. “I took the trouble to go all the way to Barnstaple, and what did I find?”
“Well, what did you find?” persisted Mary.
“I found him lying in a bed with the minimum of clothes on, and a nurse was massaging him,” said Ruth, “and they were laughing together.”
“Well! What did you expect to find,” teased Mary, “don’t forget that he was a hospital patient and one would expect him to be in bed.”
“Maybe so,” replied Ruth, her face scarlet and her breast heaving. “But why was the nurse massaging him, and why hadn’t he written to me?”
“What was wrong with him,” inquired Mary.
“According to Lieutenant. Johnson, he had fallen down a cliff and was paralysed.”
“Well then that was why the nurse was massaging him. No doubt she did it daily!” pointed out Mary.
“Oh, yes! That’s what the nurse told me when I saw her afterwards. She told me that Alex still loved me, but had no wish to burden me with a cripple for life, so he wanted me to forget him!”
“Did he tell you that too?” questioned Mary.
“Of course he did!”
“Well! It seems to me that he still loves you. He loves you enough to ensure that you will live a normal life and not spending every moment caring for him,” said Mary.
“No! I think that the nurse is more than a nurse to him! However, I will try to get on with my life without him, now I know what has happened to him!” said Ruth, wearily.
“You know Ruth, I think you were a little hasty. It sounds as if he was really thinking of you. Let’s face it Ruth, would you be prepared to give up work to spend all day nursing him. At your age you would have no life and he knew it. I think that he loves you.”
“What about that lovely nurse Jane?”
Mary laughed. “I’d say she was an excellent nurse. She had to cheer up her patient and of course, if he was paralysed then she would have to massage him in an effort to get the spine, nerves and muscles working again.”
Ruth nodded, was silent for a moment then said, “Well it’s over now but I will never forget him.”
“Have you no other admirers?” asked Mary, “I would have thought a lovely girl like you would be fighting them off.”
“There is Lieutenant Johnson, who is keen to take me out but I keep him at a distance.”
“Well dear, you can’t live in the past. If your romance with Alex Waters is over, then encourage your new beau.” She raised her glass. “Here’s to a happy ending,” and Ruth joined her.
They left each other that evening determined to continue their friendship now that it had been rekindled. At their next meeting, Ruth asked Mary if she had a lover.
“Well I have a good friend. We have been friends for nearly twenty years but I seldom see him as he is a doctor at Shaftsbury Military Hospital and I have been working in Newcastle. I hope, now that I am in Salisbury, we will see more of each other, if he is willing.”
They continued to meet regularly and at one meeting she brought Melvyn with her to meet Ruth. It was a lovely evening and everyone got on well together. Mary had told Melvyn the story of Alex and Ruth. Ruth thought Mary and Melvyn were a lovely couple and she enjoyed the tales of their childhood days. Mary had told Ruth of the background of her friend and Ruth was most impressed by his gentlemanly ways.
She smiled to herself as she thought of Alex’s description of his background and how much it contrasted with Melvyn’s. Then she frowned. She must forget about Alex and continue her life without him. She was seeing more of Fred Johnson now, although she had made it plain that there was no chance of a romance. He had accepted this and had not even attempted to kiss her. Her mother encouraged the new situation. Fred had always been a gentleman in her eyes and she secretly hoped that one day her daughter would accept that Alex had gone and Fred had come to stay.
Mary had also met Fred and thought that he was a very nice young chap but neither encouraged or discouraged the romance. She knew that Ruth, although having told Alex the romance was over still thought about Alex quite a lot and indeed probably hoped that one day he would reappear. Mary decided that she would keep the conversation away from the subject and let nature take its course.

Chapter Eight
Shaftsbury Hospital was full of patients from both the army and the air force. There were soldiers wounded on training, on raids to France and some suffering from normal illnesses. Dr Melvyn Waldour entered the common room and sank wearily into a chair. He had been working all night on a very difficult operation and couldn’t leave till he knew that the soldier was alright.
He reached out for a cup and made himself a strong coffee. Stirring it, he let his mind drift. He wondered what Mary was doing. Should be ask her to marry him? That was impossible until they could live together – possibly after the war had finished. She would make an excellent Lady of the Manor. Having finished his coffee, he was about to leave for his room when a nurse entered.
“Dr Waldour, the Colonel would like to see you. I hope you haven’t been naughty,” she joked.
“Oh, he’s probably going to sell me,” he replied.
“In that case I’ll be the first to put in a bid,” she retorted.
She watched the handsome, young doctor go off to see the Colonel and thought how lucky some girl would have to be to have him as a lover. Melvyn knocked on the Colonel’s door and entered at his bidding.
“Well Melvyn, sit down (motioning to a chair). Have a drink?”
“No thank you sir. I’ve just finished duty and I’m rather tired.”
“Right my boy. I don’t know what it’s about but you have been ordered to the War Office to see General Watkins at HQ. Have you any idea what it is about?”
“No sir. General Watkins? I don’t even know the name.”
“Well you soon will. I have told them that you will be there at eleven o’clock tomorrow morning. You can use my staff car. My driver knows where to go. Best of luck old chap.”
“Thank you sir. I’ll let you know what is happening when I return.” The doctor saluted and made his way to his room. Sleep was difficult although he was very tired. What did this General Watkins want him for? As far as he knew he had committed no crimes. His thoughts wandered and he finally fell asleep.
The next morning he took great care with his toilet and wore his best shirt and battledress. Looking in the mirror before he left, he wondered if he would impress General Watkins. The driver knew his way and the car sped swiftly through Salisbury and Andover, then Basingstoke and finally, into the London suburbs. Melvyn looked with interest at all the towns as he sat in the comfortable seat of the staff car. The silence was broken by the voice of the driver telling him that they would be there in five minutes. Sure enough the car rolled to a stop at 10.55 am, and Melvyn, having thanked the driver and arranged to be picked up later, climbed the steps into the War Office.
“Can I help you sir?” A very efficient-looking lady soldier appeared at his elbow. 
He smiled and quickly replied, “I have an appointment with General Watkins.”
“Your name sir?” she demanded.
“Major Melvyn Waldour RAMC” he replied, with a little bow.
“I will see if the General is ready to see you.” she said, and disappeared through a large doorway. In a moment she was back and she took him through to the General’s office. Melvyn saluted smartly. The General stood up, walked around his desk and shook hands, telling Melvyn to sit down.
“Have a drink Major?” he asked.
“Thank you sir, I’ll have a sherry!”
The General poured out two glasses of sherry from a decanter on a sideboard and passed one to Melvyn. As he sat, toying with his glass, while the General watched him, sipping his sherry. “I suppose you are wondering why you are here,” the General finally said.
“Well yes sir, I am rather curious,” Melvyn replied with a smile.
“First let me say how sorry I am that your mother died recently. She was a very fine lady. I presume that you are now Lord of the Manor and owner of several hundred acres with a beautiful old house?” Melvyn nodded. “What are you going to do with your house while you are soldiering Major?”
Surprised by the question Melvyn looked at the General and said, “I can’t do much I’m afraid until after the war.”
The general sat bolt upright in his chair. “Well my boy,” he said firmly, “I’ve got a proposition I’d like to make.” Melvyn waited, a little puzzled. “I would like to lease Burscombe Manor from you for use as a military hospital for the remaining duration of the war. Well? You must have some questions for me. I can assure you that the rent will be quite useful to you. I will ensure that you are well paid.”
Melvyn did indeed have many questions. “Well sir! I think that you’re being very kind to me and I am happy to agree on the leasing of the Manor as you outlined. I do have two questions, however, I would like answered. I have a husband and wife who are acting as my caretakers. What will become of them? Secondly, what happens after the war when it reverts to me? What condition will it be in, who will have to pay for any restorations and repairs?”
The General smiled. “Your caretakers will carry on but we will pay them as they will be our staff then. As for the other, that’s no trouble. The contract from the War Department will state that it is responsible for all repairs, redecoration etc., to the house itself. The three hundred acres of land, will remain your responsibility but the War Department would like the parkland around the drive for recreation purposes for patients.”
Melvyn stood up and shook the general’s hand. “Thank you sir, may I visit it occasionally?”
“Of course,” said the general, “by the way major, I want you to run the hospital. You will be promoted to Lieutenant Colonel. Please make arrangements to move all your furniture into the servants’ quarters and lock it up. You will hear from our medical HQ when you are needed for further instructions. Good morning.”
Melvyn walked out in a daze. There would be no more worries about maintaining the manor. The Army would do that and he would also have a tidy sum of money for the future. Well! Well! Could he run a hospital? He wondered.
He would certainly have a good try, and he grinned to himself. He climbed into the car, his mind still buzzing with excitement and the driver had to shout to get his attention. “You seem much happier coming out than you did going in sir. I hope it was good news.”
“It was, and I’m going to treat you to an excellent lunch. Find a place where we can eat.”
The driver stopped at a roadside café and, as he alighted the major asked if it would be alright to go in in an officer’s uniform. The driver laughed and assured him that he would be welcomed. It was his uncle’s business. They ate a large lunch and the proprietor insisted that the major shared a bottle of wine with him.
The Colonel was out when Major Waldour arrived back but next morning he sent for Melvyn to hear a report on his meeting. Melvyn told him that the War Department was going to lease Burscombe Manor and turn it into a hospital. He also informed the Colonel that he had been asked to run it as a Lieutenant Colonel and so would be leaving Shaftsbury. His colonel was delighted to hear of the promotion but was upset at losing a fine member of his staff.
The doctor decided not to tell Mary the news by phone but to wait till he could see her. He found it very difficult to keep the news to himself and was impatient for Saturday to come. He left early on Saturday morning as he wanted to go to see Joe and Margaret before joining Mary in Salisbury. Joe and Margaret were delighted when he explained that the Army was leasing the manor and that Melvyn would now have no money worries. Mary Miller’s father would continue to look after the cultivation of the land so everything was taken care of. Joe looked crestfallen and wondered what would happen to himself and his wife. Melvyn looked at Joe and as if reading his thoughts and told him that he and Margaret were to look after the hospital buildings and would be well paid by the Army. It was a happy crowd that gathered after Melvyn had finished and all had coffee and some of Margaret’s scones.
Melvyn left the happy couple to go to Salisbury. Mary had an hour’s duty to do before she could see Melvyn but she arranged for him to wait in her room in the hospital.
Ruth passed by, saw him, and brought some tea and sandwiches. The hour passed slowly but finally Mary came in, removed her sister’s headdress and turned to give him a welcome. He rose, took her in his arms and kissed her with great passion. Her face flushed and she looked at him in astonishment.
“What was that about?” she asked smilingly.
Melvyn told her of his visit to London and of the meeting with the General. He told his tale slowly so that Mary would be impatient and shake him. When he told her that the manor was to be used as a hospital and he would be paid a fair rental, she gave him a hug. Then he told her he was to be in charge of the hospital as a Lieutenant Colonel. Then it was her turn to hug and kiss him again. They embraced each other warmly before she broke away and said that it would probably mean she would not see as much of him then. Melvyn reacted immediately by telling her that he had plans for her. How would she like to be a sister in his hospital? Mary chuckled and then said that it would not be possible as she was on contract to Salisbury infirmary. Melvyn smiled and told her to wait and see. He thought that the General might help in this matter.
--0--
The manor house was stripped of all its curtains and furniture, organized by Joe, who watched everything being stacked in the servants’ quarters on the top floor. When this was finished Melvyn reported back to the general who in turn set the wheels in motion to turn the manor into a hospital.
It was several weeks before work began, but once begun the contractor worked quickly and soon the old house was even smelling like a hospital. Lieutenant Colonel Waldour had also been busy. He had engaged two sisters and six nurses to start the hospital. Others would be engaged when needed. One of the sisters was Mary. He had managed to change her contract. He also appointed her as acting matron, against her will. She did not want to be accused of receiving favouritism. She need not have worried. Her lovely nature shone through and she was popular as a stern but fair matron.
Joe and Margaret loved their jobs and Melvyn enjoyed seeing their smiling faces around the building. Soon the patients began to arrive and all the staff were kept busy. Burscombe Military Hospital had begun in earnest and Lieutenant Colonel Waldour was very pleased and in his element as he visited each ward, chatting to the patients.

Chapter Nine
Ruth tried hard to forget her fiancé, Alex Waters, for he had told her that he wanted nothing more to do with her. She found it hard to accept, for he seemed to love her deeply. Perhaps he was doing it to avoid her having a life of hardship! Would she have enjoyed nursing him twenty four hours a day for the rest of her life? Ruth thought of nothing else till one day her mother was very outspoken.
“Look here my girl! I’ve stood aside and watched you for three weeks now and I’ve had enough. Pull yourself together! Alex was a nice boy, but there are others around. It is not the end of the world.”
Ruth looked at her mother and after a moment’s pause said, “You’re right mother! I’ve been a fool! Life goes on. I will never forget Alex but I must accept that he is never coming back.”
Mrs Rowden smiled, “That’s better! Now let’s get the food ready for tonight! Remember, we have to feed these hungry soldiers in the Church Hall.”
The two ladies carried the cakes over to the hall and soon were engrossed in preparing for the influx of soldiers who would be dancing the evening away. Ruth had taken more time than usual to her dressing and looked a picture. Soon the hall filled up and the dancing began, young soldiers in their heavy khaki uniforms and army boots serenaded the village girls. Beaming, perspiring faces looked down at the village maidens and tried to understand the Wiltshire dialect. Ruth had decided to join in the fun and so when she was asked to dance, she obliged unlike the previous few weeks when she stood apart, thinking of her beloved Alex.
So it was, that when Lieut. Fred Johnson came up, bowed, and said, “Please Ruth can I have the next dance?” 
She smiled and said, “Of course, it will be a pleasure.” 
Fred’s heart beat faster as he thought his prospects of winning over this lovely girl had improved. They danced, and they made a lovely couple as they swayed and swung around the floor, watched in admiration by many of the spectators. At the end of the dance Fred took Ruth back to her mother and said, “Here you are Mrs Rowdon! Here’s your lovely daughter.” He bowed and left to rejoin his friends.
Mrs Rowdon watched him leave and thought what a real gentleman he was. Why couldn’t her daughter see that? At the end of the evening the young officer came over and spoke to Mrs Rowdon. “I see you have a lot of dishes to carry Mrs Rowdon,” he said. “May I help you to carry them home?” 
“I don’t see why not,” said Mrs Rowdon quickly, before Ruth could intervene.
“Good! Let me have them!” 
He picked them up easily and followed Mrs Rowdon and her daughter home. At the door he handed everything over to Mrs Rowdon who said with a smile, “Thank you Fred! I will leave you two here to have a chat.” Mrs Rowdon left them with a smile on her lips. 
There was an embarrassing pause, then Fred stood up straight and looking at her said, “Ruth, I have heard the story of Alex and I’m sure he has cut you out because he doesn’t want to inflict himself on to you. However, if you have finally decided to try and forget him, please let me help you. I would like to take you out, dance with you and help you to enjoy life again. Please will you consider me as a close friend?” 
Ruth dropped her head for a moment, then looking at him said, “Alright Fred! I will regard you as my friend but you must understand that my heart at the moment belongs to Alex, so don’t expect too much from me.” 
Fred smiled and replied, “That’s fine Ruth, that’s all I want for now! I have time on my side. I will say goodnight now and hope to see you next week.”
Fred shook her hand and strode away into the darkness leaving Ruth standing feeling unsure of herself. On entering the house Ruth was met by her mother.
“Well!” she said, “Did you enjoy your chat? Did he arrange to meet you again?”
Her daughter spoke briefly, “Yes, we are meeting next week.” She left to go to her bedroom. Mother looked after her hoping that Ruth had taken Fred as her friend, for no doubt he thought a lot of her daughter.
The following Saturday came too quickly for Ruth for, having promised to see Fred as her best friend, she was not too sure how she could handle the situation. She need not have worried for Fred was a gentleman and so made sure he did not embarrass the girl. He kept up a lively conversation and never mentioned Alex. They danced and Ruth had to admit to herself that he was a very nice chap, and a good dancer!
Fred was delighted as to how things were progressing but he knew that in her heart Ruth still thought of her first love, Alex. He was convinced however that given time he would win her love, providing he himself, was not posted away from Winterbourne. That would be disastrous. The weeks went by and although the pair met every week, sometimes twice a week, Ruth knew that Fred could never take the place of Alex! She was determined therefore not to get too close to Fred, although her mother was hoping that they would really get together.
One night, after a walk around the fields, and at the end of a line, Fred suddenly took Ruth in his arms and kissed her passionately. Ruth drew back, her mind a whirl, a little shaken by the sudden embrace by Fred.
Fred also drew back, a little ashamed by his sudden action. “Sorry Ruth! I shouldn’t have done that. I’m ashamed of myself, but I’ve been wanting to do that for weeks!”
Ruth had by this time recovered her composure and assured Fred that his apology had been accepted. She did not however warn him against doing it again, for she had, after all, enjoyed the kiss! They continued to meet but Fred never again attempted to embrace and kiss her. Ruth was a little disappointed because he didn’t kiss her, but blamed herself for that.
Two weeks after the incident, Fred came to the house to see her. “I’ve come to tell you that I have been posted. I am off to Barton Stacey in two weeks’ time. I would like to thank you for being so nice to me during my stay here. I would also like to hope that Alex will come back, for I know that you are still in love with him. I will still, however, call in to see you when I can.”
Ruth was very upset; she had lost her lover and now had lost her friend. Thank heaven, she still had a job she loved and which kept her so busy that it would help her to forget Alex and Fred. When she told her mother, Mrs Rowden was very downcast, she had been hoping for weeks now that Fred would be accepted as a replacement for Alex and she told her daughter so in no uncertain terms.
“Fred is a very nice chap and I think a lot about him, but he hasn’t yet become really close to me,” said Ruth.
“Of course he hasn’t because you haven’t let him get close,” retorted Mrs Rowden, “given half a chance and he would be delighted to be your number one friend.”
Ruth turned away, tears in her eyes, dropped her head and said, “Alright mother! I don’t want to hear any more about him or about Alex.”
“Look dear, you have to face up to it! Alex is not coming back. He may think he has a perfectly good reason for not returning, and he may be right, but you can’t go on just waiting and hoping. Come on! Start a new life and when you hear from Fred again, then encourage him. I’m sure you won’t regret it.” Ruth looked at her mother then quietly left the room, her mind in a whirl.
Fred called into the village hall a few days later and was met by Mrs Rowden. “Hello Fred! How are you? Are you all set for your move?” said Mrs Rowden, smiling at him.
“Yes, Mrs Rowden, I am all packed to go! It’s not far only about thirty miles or so,” replied Fred looking around, “isn’t Ruth here tonight?”
“She is finishing some work at home but she shouldn’t be long!” Fred’s face looked so disappointed, that Mrs Rowden took pity on him. “Why don’t you go over to see her at home, she will hurry it up then?” said Mrs Rowdon, hiding her delight.
Fred needed no second bidding. He rose quickly, grabbed his cap and with a nod of thanks, rushed out of the hall. Soon he was knocking on the door of Number 6. He waited impatiently, then the door opened and there stood a surprised Ruth, rooted to the spot.
“Oh, it’s you! This is a surprise! Did mother send you over?” stammered Ruth.
“Yes, she said that you had some work to do but you would be nearly finished, so I came over. I hope you don’t mind?”
“No, come in! I’ve done enough work for tonight. I’ll get ready and we can join mother in the hall!” replied Ruth.
“Do we have to go back over there Ruth?” said Fred, “I would much prefer to stay here and talk!” 
Ruth looked at him and said, “Alright! We can stay here and talk and at 9.30 we can go over to help mother bring the utensils back.”
Fred beamed, sat down again and leaning back in his chair gazed at Ruth and his heart beat quickened. She looked lovely. Blow Alex, he thought, I’m going after this girl. I haven’t met one like her. His thoughts were interrupted by Ruth.
“Are you looking forward to going to Barton Stacey?” I hear that there is little to do outside of camp,” she said.
“That is as may be,” he replied. “I don’t mind that! I will find plenty to do in camp. There’s sure to be lots of table tennis.”
“Oh, are you a table tennis player too? Alex was very good at it. I remember him thrashing me!” She smiled at the thought, then just as quickly it disappeared. Fred cursed himself for bringing up the subject. He would take care he didn’t mention it again. There was a lull in the conversation while Fred desperately tried to think of something he could talk about without bringing up Alex.
“I can come over from Barton Stacey to see you if you would like me to,” ventured Fred.
“Yes, of course, that would be nice, but it is a long journey,” replied Ruth, “just to see me.” 
Fred stood up, reached out, took hold of her hands and quietly said, “I would travel much further that that just to see you!”
Ruth blushed, “Be off with you! I’m just a plain village girl!” 
Fred grasped his opportunity. “You’re a lovely girl, the nicest in the village and I think very highly of you! Please say that you will be my girlfriend.”
Ruth looked at him, “I can’t do that yet, but we can be good friends and perhaps later things may change.”
“That’s fine,” said Fred, “that’s good enough for me, but I warn you I will be chasing you from now on. Now look at the time! Come on let’s go!” He took her hand and they walked slowly towards the hall. Mrs Rowdon was waiting, but she was not displeased when she saw them walking towards her, hand-in-hand.

Chapter Ten
Barnstaple Hospital was quite small and catered for long term patients. One of these was Sergeant Alex Waters, who had been badly injured in a cliff fall several months earlier. The broken bones in his legs had healed but he needed more exercise. Unfortunately the sergeant had been paralysed and the surgeons could not find the cause of it. They hoped that one day it would cure itself but Sergeant Waters was less hopeful. His special nurse, Jane, did her utmost to cheer him up when he became despondent, but her enthusiasm sometimes waned when he cursed the rope that had broken causing him to fall.
To cheer him up she took him for long walks in his wheelchair. This he appreciated as he had always been an outdoor type of man. There was no more kissing now. Jane tended to be rather aloof at times since the visit of Ruth, Alex’s ex-girlfriend. She had realized that although Alex had told Ruth that the romance was off, it was obvious that he had only told her that to avoid her having to spend her life nursing a disabled ex-soldier. It was obvious too, although he never mentioned it, that he still loved her deeply.
Jane therefore ensured that there was no opportunity to become too close in her nursing, especially when she massaged him. On her journeys with him she endeavoured to take him to places locally where there was something happening, such as a fair or carnival, a horse show or a village show of some sort. These he enjoyed and always thanked her profusely on their return.
One day he was reading the local paper, The Barnstaple Gazette, when he spotted something of interest to him. It was advertising a gymkhana at Ashford, four miles away. He read what was going to take place and called Jane to ask if they could go there on Saturday. Jane read the details and suggested going on Friday when there would be fewer people there. Alex agreed.
Jane packed some sandwiches and organized the hospital mini-bus to take them. Four miles was too far for her to push a wheelchair. The show was just beginning when they got there. Jane unloaded his wheelchair, sat him in it and pushed him to a good vantage point. Alex enjoyed watching the horses racing and kept up a running commentary while it was in progress. By mid-afternoon Alex was ready to return home so they made their way to the gate to be picked up by the mini-bus. Their journey was interrupted by yells from the watching crowd. A horse had thrown his jockey and was galloping away from the arena. Alex turned to watch and said that the horse was making his way to the gate. Alex motioned Jane to pull back from its path. The horse was nearing their position when a young child walked onto the road, quite oblivious to the danger. The horse was almost to the girl when Alex threw himself from the wheelchair, gathered the little girl in his arms and rolled into the ditch. The panic-stricken horse reared and its hoof landed on Alex’s back. It screamed and its foam-flecked nostrils and open mouth made a frightening picture before a young man ran alongside, grabbed the reins and brought it to a halt.
The crowd, running after the horse had seen the heroic action and crowded round Alex to praise and thank him. The little girl, meanwhile, had struggled to her feet and had re-joined her delighted parents. Alex lay in the ditch. His back, where he had been kicked was giving him acute pain and of course he couldn’t move.
“Don’t try to move yet,” Jane said, “I’ll send for the minibus to come up here.”
“Don’t bother with the bus; I’ll take him to the hospital in my van. He can lie down on the car rugs,” said a gentleman. He brought the van up to the scene of the incident and soon Alex was on his way back to Barnstaple. The surgeon arrived within minutes of Alex’s arrival and conducted a thorough examination.
He told Jane that Alex’s spine was too swollen to be X-rayed but he would come back that evening. He gave Alex some pain killers and finally Alex fell into a troubled sleep. The surgeon came later and repeated that there was nothing they could do as yet. In the morning Jane came in smiling and carrying the local morning paper.
“Here you are,” she said, “you’re famous.” She gave Alex the paper and there, on the front page was a picture of him lying in the ditch with the little girl. He was most embarrassed much to Jane’s amusement. The parents of the little girl came into the ward to shake Alex’s hand.
“I’ve never seen a braver deed. How can I say thank you” asked the father. Alex motioned him away and was glad when he left the ward. After seven days the swelling had gone down and the surgeon examined Alex again. Alex moved his body to allow the surgeon to examine him further.
“Well sergeant! Things are improving! Your spine has lost some of its stiffness. I really think you are on the mend.”
Every day the nurse supervised his exercises and after three weeks even Alex became optimistic. After another month the surgeon suddenly said, “Get up Sergeant!”
“You want me to get up? Why, it is months since I did that,” he said. The surgeon repeated what he had said and took hold of Alex’s hand. Alex lay still for a moment, then, taking a deep breath, he made a great effort to stand. Slowly he stood up. The surgeon beamed, Jane squealed and Alex shouted. It was a moment no one thought they would ever see. The surgeon explained that the kick had loosened the spine and with proper exercise he should be back to normal.
Two months later Alex was discharged, a fit man again. Turning to Jane, he thanked her again for all her work and asked permission to correspond with her to keep her up-to-date with his progress. There was quite a crowd outside to see him leave. His recovery had given hope to many others in the hospital. Jane stood to one side a tear in her eye as she watched her favourite patient disappear down the drive.
Alex decided not to use a taxi into town but instead to walk. So, slinging his army pack over his shoulder he strode down the road into Barnstaple and into a new life. In the mail he had received a letter telling him that he had to report to Newark to become an officer. Alex reported into the barracks at Newark and was told to take off his stripes. He was no longer a sergeant, he was an officer-cadet. The six weeks passed quickly and on the final day he was promoted to Lieutenant Waters. Won’t my father and mother be pleased, he thought. They will be telling everyone in the village. He was posted to Royal Engineers Headquarters at Chatham and soon got used to being saluted by the soldiers.
Because of his previous experience he became an instructor, a job which he thoroughly enjoyed. He was required to work with many officers and became particularly friendly with three of them. They were very young and enjoying life to the full. On Saturdays they went into Chatham or Rochester to dance and returned home always boasting of their conquests on the dance floor. Time and again they invited Alex to go dancing with them but he always declined so they left him to his own devices on a Saturday night.
Often, after training, they would sit and talk of the ladies they knew and exchange tales of their courtship. One officer, a Lieutenant Fred Johnson, seldom joined with a story but he laughed at theirs.
“Don’t you have a special girlfriend Fred?” Alex asked one day as they walked back to the barracks from the training ground.
“No, not really. I know a lovely girl but she has a friend, or did have, and still carries a torch for him. He is a lucky chap I can tell you.” Fred sighed and they walked on in silence till on reaching their rooms they said goodnight and parted.
A few evenings later, Fred returned the question. “You never go to dances Alex. Is it because you have a girlfriend you haven’t told us about?”
“No, I don’t have a girlfriend now. I did have but I was silly enough to tell her we were finished.” Fred was curious and enquired why he had split up with her if she was such a lovely girl. Alex told of his months in hospital and of his uselessness. He also told him that he had broken off the romance to avoid the girl being a full-time nurse to him. Fred shook his head and thought ‘what a shame’.
Alex was eventually told he had a posting for Barton Stacey. On the day of posting, the young officers had a drink to toast the new posting. The toasts were given to each other and then to their individual ladies. Fred toasted Ruth and then Alex toasted Ruth much to the amusement of both. It was not until after Alex had gone that Fred thought again about the toasts. Fancy Alex having a Ruth as a girlfriend. Fred laughed again and in the middle of it stopped suddenly. Alex Waters, a girl apart, named Ruth. Why hadn’t he thought of it before? Here was the very chap Ruth had loved and still loved. It was obvious too that Alex, in spite of his declaration, was still in love with Ruth.
Fred shook his head. For months, since meeting her, Fred had thought that there was a possibility that he could win Ruth over, but having met them both he knew that was impossible and he hoped that sometime they would get together again.
Lieutenant Waters enjoyed his new posting very much. He was very fit again now and taking part in all sports. He was the 440 yards champion and the three-mile champion in athletics but his favourite sport was rugby. He played for the regimental team and enjoyed the games against other regiments. He was looking forward to the cup final to be held at Tidworth. When the day came it was fine and sunny and a big crowd turned up to watch.
Half-time came and the scores were equal and the crowd were clamouring for a result. With full-time approaching, Alex got the ball and set off for the opposite try line and was about to touch down when a burly opponent hurled him sideways. Alex’s head crashed against the post and he knew no more. The ambulance was called and Alex was taken to the nearest hospital, a few miles away.
Here he lay, unconscious and beside him sat the matron, waiting patiently for him to come around. Every now and then he would mutter something but matron couldn’t understand the words. He was shouting. Matron, rising, put her hand on his hot forehead, soothing him in a soft voice. Once again he shouted and this time she heard the name Ruth repeated over and over again. It must be his wife’s name or that of his girlfriend thought the matron. Then she sat bolt upright. He had called out Winterbourne, Ruth of Winterbourne. It couldn’t be, surely not. Matron got up and read his case notes. He was Alex Waters and had once been in Barnstaple hospital. She called in a nurse to take her place and went in search of her friend, Colonel Melvyn Waldour. Having found him she told him of Alex’s shouts and of his record. The colonel agreed that it must be Ruth’s ex-boyfriend and that they should do something about it. The matron, Mary, rang up Salisbury Infirmary and spoke to Ruth. She said that both Melvyn and she would like her to come over for dinner that night. It was only with great difficulty that Mary kept the delight out of her voice as she made the arrangements.
Ruth duly arrived and Mary took her around to see some of her patients. Alex was lying facing the wall and so was just a lump in bed. “We are waiting for him to waken, he has concussion. Could you sit with him for a few minutes till I find a nurse Ruth?” Mary asked.
“Of course, I don’t mind at all,” said Ruth, sitting in a chair by the bed. The patient muttered in his sleep and Ruth patted him gently. Turning over, with the clothes over his head, he muttered loudly and distinctly, “Ruth, Ruth.” Ruth looked around and then gently pulled back the bed clothes. Alex looked up dazedly. His gaze fell upon her face and he sat up sharply.
“Ruth, what are you doing here?”
“I… I am just visiting,” Ruth sputtered.
“Oh Ruth dear. I still love you. I always regretted turning you away but I thought I would always be a cripple. It was because I loved you so much.”
Ruth sat dumbstruck. She couldn’t speak for a few moments then she stroked his face and gently said, “Alex I have never stopped loving you and I think this is a miracle. I thought you were still disabled and didn’t want me.”
“Oh Ruth!” he said and taking her hand put it to his lips.
“How did you recover?” she asked.
He recounted the story and she sat quietly, holding his hand in hers. There was a knock on the door and the matron entered.
“So you are awake young man? Good! I’ll fetch the doctor.” She returned with the doctor who examined Alex and said, “You’ll live my boy. Stay here until tomorrow and then you can go home.”
 He turned to speak to Ruth to find tears streaming down her cheeks. “So it is him after all?”
 Ruth just nodded and motioning to matron they left the room. Alex threw the bed clothes aside and stood up. He felt groggy but that did not stop him from taking Ruth in his arms and kissing her passionately. It was a while later that Ruth left the room to go to see matron.
“Come on,” said Mary, “we’ll have a drink to celebrate”
“Oh Mary, I can’t thank you enough for bringing us together again. How did you know?” 
Mary laughed. “He talked of Ruth and Winterbourne in his sleep and I recognized the name on the record. So, really, he found me.”
Ruth went home in a daze. Her Alex was back again. Wait till she got home to tell her mother. Her mother listened to the whole story and was very pleased but felt sorry for Fred Johnson, he was such a nice boy.
Alex was released from Hospital next day but not before he had thanked the Waldours for their part in the episode. He went back to Barton Stacey, but being free at the weekend he made his way to Winterbourne, where he was greeted by Ruth, her mother and her brother Bob.
Ruth was a different girl now. No more moods, no more surliness and her mother was pleased for Ruth’s sake. Mother reminded them of the part she had played at the beginning of the romance and Alex, remembering every detail, smiled at her and gave her a hug. While her mother was at a neighbour’s house and brother Bob was at football, Ruth confessed that she had danced quite often with Fred Johnson. Alex laughed and kissed her, going down on one knee he took her hand and asked her to marry him. Ruth blushed, looked down at him and said she would. They were both ecstatic and when mother returned she was regaled with the news. From then onwards the two ladies began planning the wedding.

Chapter Eleven
The wedding went off well. Alex had asked Fred to be best man and he had agreed. The matron of honour was Mary and two little cousins were bridesmaids. In the midst of the celebrations there was a card from Nurse Jane congratulating them and then adding the happy news that her boyfriend, Peter, who originally had been reported missing, was a prisoner of war and would be returning home soon.
Melvyn was very thoughtful on the way home and had little to say. On reaching the hospital he saw Mary to her room and wished her good night. Mary closed the door slowly, perplexed by Melvyn’s behaviour. He was usually full of fun, but tonight he had been unusually quiet. No doubt he would explain tomorrow. Dismissing the subject from her mind she thought that Ruth had looked lovely in her long, white dress and Alex was quite smart in his newly-pressed battledress. In fact they made a lovely couple.
Melvyn was still thoughtful and quiet for a few days and Mary began to worry, thinking that something was wrong either with his health or with their romance. She needn’t have worried however for one evening, having finished work, Melvyn came into her room, took her in his arms and after kissing her, suddenly asked her to marry him. He had been going to ask her days ago but he was afraid she would refuse as she would have to be the lady of the manor. Mary laughed, shook him and said she would marry him if he was a street cleaner. They embraced again and each said that they had to make a phone call. Melvyn rang Joe and Margaret who were thrilled for they had loved Mary since she was a small child. Mary rang her parents first, to tell them the news then she rang Ruth who was also excited.
They were married in Burscombe Parish Church and for this wedding Alex was best man. After the wedding the flowers were taken to the crypt and put on Melvyn’s mother’s coffin. General Watkins was a man of his word. Hardly had the war finished than the decorators were in and two months later everything was ready for the furniture. Joe and Margaret looked after that and everything was replaced in its rightful spot. Joe then told his master that the manor was ready for occupation. Melvyn and Mary had been living in a small cottage on the estate waiting for this call from Joe.
On receiving the news Melvyn walked hand-in-hand with Mary to the manor. They stopped outside for a few minutes to appreciate the beauty of the old building then walked forward to the door. Here Melvyn opened the door, turned and lifting up Mary, carried her over the threshold. “Welcome home, Lady of the Manor.” he said.
Their new life had begun. No more hospital life, no more patients but a wonderful life ahead. Some years later they had a little boy who was the image of Melvyn and was called Melvyn Alex Waldour,
The war finished soon afterwards and Ruth and Alex made arrangements to go where Alex would work. He had been lucky. One of the sergeants was the son of a builder and he had promised Alex a house at a reasonable price and he kept his promise. So Ruth was to have the pleasure of moving into her first married quarters
Alex and Ruth had a lovely daughter who was called Susan. Mary had a boy called Melvyn. Alex brought his family back to the North and often recalled those earlier days when Ruth would always quote “LOVE CONQUERS ALL”.
