



LOVE AT FIRST JOG
       Shiya Megumi
Cover Art by: Shiya Megumi
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Shiya Megumi

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may
not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this
book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each
recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not
purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and
purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this
author.









HOME COMING
	It has been two years since I’ve been away from home to work overseas. Being there was a great struggle for me since I have never been away from the comforts of home. I started to live a none sheltered life when I was in Saudi Arabia; knowing that no one would be there for me to cater for everything that I would be needing. I had no one to depend on, except for myself. There I learned how to do my own laundry, prepare my own food and totally be independent. I was terrible at the beginning, knowing that never in my entire life I have done all those things. Eventually, I got used to it, but I could never say that I have mastered those stuffs.
	It was then that I have decided that I have to change all of my old habits. Losing my excess weight was one of it. I have always been this extra huge girl amongst the others around me. It never bothered me actually, but I could never say that sometimes I don’t feel bad about being too big than the normal girls around. I wanted change, actually a big one. Starting from scratch was like, digging you own  grave for your impending death, or something relatively like that. I needed all the strength I could gather, physically and mentally. It was a drastic change, and I was ready for it.
	I did all my best to lose all the excess weight I was carrying to my body, and eventually I almost shed all of them. It felt great, exhilarating and free. I’ve never felt this light in my entire life, and it was awesome – like eating an ice cream with a cherry on top! Never felt wonderful about myself until I became fit.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Excited for my homecoming, I didn’t let anyone from my family back home to know the exact date of my arrival in Manila. I wanted to surprise them. I knew that a lot about me had changed, especially on how I looked. It was a thrill of a lifetime, just like riding a roller coaster and felt like your gut just turned upside down. I felt queasy because of all this excitement inside of me. 
	I arrived in Manila few days before they expected my contract to end and so for my arrival. Little did my family know that I was able to leave my work earlier than expected, thanks to my ever understanding employer. Needless to say, my arrival was a great surprise for everyone.
 Outside NAIA, I was able to grab a cab and told him to drive me off to Cavite, though obviously this metered taxi does not go with the idea of using his meter, but instead he charged me of a direct amount; it was pretty much decent though; maybe because he knew I wasn’t a foreigner, but rather an OFW. It was a pretty much a great ride back home since there was no traffic and just took us forty five minutes to reach my destination. It was mid-afternoon when I finally came in front of our house. Obviously no one’s expecting my arrival that day, so seeing an airport taxi halting in front of our house was sort of unusual and unexpected.
	As I went out of the cab, my mom was surprised to see me, even the rest of the people loitering outside. It was like they saw a ghost of Christmas past or something. It was really funny seeing their faces when they realized it was me who was going out of the cab. No wonder their reactions were like that. The last time they saw me, I was this heavily over weight girl with uber short blondish brown colored hair. What was in front of them now was a fit, long black haired lady. I couldn’t help myself from laughing after seeing all their reactions; they all looked hilarious that time.
 Finally, all my luggage were out of the cab, my mom hugged me so tight when she finally realized that it was really me who’s she’s seeing and not a crazy dream. Maybe she never expected to see me look so different after two years. I was overjoyed seeing my family again, especially my mom then next my cat. I never imagined my cat will still be there when I arrived. Actually, it was only my cat I guess who was not surprised to see me. She ran fast to me when she heard my voice, I was surprised and delighted; she’s such an intelligent feline creature. My homecoming indeed was a blissful moment. 
	Mom immediately took all my things and brought it inside the house. So much questions were asked, including why didn’t I tell them about my arrival. Of course it was supposed to be a surprise so why spill the details over my facebook status, right? Mom couldn’t contain her tears, it was sort of funny yet overwhelming as well. That day was not like any other day, relatives came to see me once they learned that I have arrived, and as usual everyone was surprised on the way I looked. It made me happy, knowing that all my hard work to finally look this good paid off.
	That night, I was so delighted knowing that the room I left two years ago was still the same. I mean, all my stuffs were still there. Mom kept all my books, magazines, papers and stuffed toys inside. I missed my queen sized bed since for two years I settled myself on a single bed with only two pillows. My bed was great on my body plus the room was cool because of my air conditioner.  Life can never get any better than this. I had a sound sleep that night, and I was never been that relaxed my entire life.
	The next day, I woke up a bit late, maybe around ten in the morning, and then decided to head downstairs and take a bath; as usual I didn’t eat breakfast – my stomach never got used to it. After bathing, I went outside to see mom, and of course a lot more people to meet up again and yeah all of them asked me about my weight loss. It was great hearing all their praises that I looked better than before. Honestly, it boost my ego a little -  nah maybe a lot. Going back home was the greatest thing happened in my life after two years of being thousand miles away.
						~0~0~0~0~
	As the day progressed, I told myself that I could never go back on my sedentary lifestyle while on vacation. Yup, vacation, because I had to go back after five months and start another two years contract with the same employer. I decided to hit the gym, but did not pursue thinking that it was over rated. Then I learned that a nearby studio’s offering mix martial arts lessons for a reasonable price. That day I decided to check the studio. On my way driving to the studio, I was pretty excited since I have longed to learn MMA. The studio wasn’t that grand but nevertheless it wasn’t crappy either. I asked about the cost of lessons and it was reasonably priced. I decided to give it a shot and comeback first thing tomorrow morning.
The next morning, I went back to the studio to give MMA a shot. MMA was great, though my muscles were definitely sore like every ligament, tendon and muscles I could recall and even those I didn’t know exists were on fire, but it never stopped me. Actually, the pain just made me more excited for the next session. MMA sessions that I chose were the every other day ones since I wanted to give  my body some decent rest. But, I opted to running in between days off of my MMA classes. I felt great about my decision and had never been this excited to be totally fit. 


RUN BABY RUN
	Since my drastic weight loss and sort of addiction to staying fit, I was not only contented on doing MMA, but I was into running as well. Running during early mornings, with the cool breeze brushing your body and attempting to sweat despite of how low the temperature outside was definitely fantastic. Gearing myself with comfortable running pants, shirt, thin layered jacket over my shirt, proper running shoes, sun glasses and of course great choice of songs saved on my iPod, I stretched my still sleepy muscles before I decided to walk, then eventually run. I opted running through cemetery premises since I found it quite safer from all the hustle and bustle of vehicles along the main road. 
	I decided to run for at least a good one hour then extended it until I get tired and exhausted. Nearly it took me four hours of running until I decided to head back home and freshen up. Every day, those were my routine, MMA today then running the next. It was great knowing that not only I lose more of my excess weight, but I felt lighter, healthier and calmer every day. Exercising every day helped me relaxed and be at peace of myself.
	At times, I felt everything about my past was stupid. I mean, let’s face it, I lived almost half of my life being lazy and careless. Never cared how’d I look and how about my health. All I care about was being comfortable, I never pushed myself to the limits. I guess, I had a wakeup call when I left the comforts of home.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Running around the cemetery became boring to me, everything was redundant and no excitement any more so I decided to run on a different environment. That’s when I decided to try running along Mall of Asia’s sea side. Just a change of sight for once. Not that I am a fan of running around with so many other strangers around, but it was more of out of curiosity. Anyway, I have my sunglasses on to keep my anonymity once that I would spot someone looking familiar and my ever energizing choice of songs on my iPod that will keep me on going. That was pretty much of the  plan and nothing else.
	It was nice running around MoA sea side, the fresh air, the long stretch of pavements, the sight and sound of other runners around. I didn’t care less on being all by myself on that run, well who cares anyway? I do know that most of the people I saw running were either with a partner or in groups; honestly I found them ridiculous because obviously most of them were not for the run but more of for the chit chat and sort of a social status that they’re there physically though not for physicality. Hypocrites! Well, why do I care? It’s not my life and time that I am wasting, right. So, I continued my routine of stretching then walking and eventually running. It was definitely a change of sight for me since I’ve been used to seeing graves, vast array of grass and trees all around me before -  but now no graves, no flowers on the lawn and definitely no humongous trees lining the outstretch of the area.
						~0~0~0~0~
	I was sweaty after an hour of running around the premise of MoA, wow it really was a huge area to cover. God, I was already tired by the end of my first hour run. I actually under estimated what would I’d be expecting with the run, I mean all those times I’ve been running on cemeteries, I never got this exhausted and mind you damn thirsty. I did not anticipate this, which was negligence to my part; I felt really dumb. I didn’t bring a bottle of water with me that day, well I never used to before.  All the shops were still closed and I couldn’t find a vendor who’s selling bottled water, damnation! So I then I decided I’ll just walk for a while so I won’t get that thirsty. Walking for me now was like a slow dance waiting to be ended for a new and faster song to follow, so I increased my pace to almost breeze walking. Wow, that was awesome! The cool wind brushed my face now and I almost forgot I was thirsty. Then my pace increased and got started back again to running.
	I never got used to looking to other people who’s also running with me. Why do I care, right? Mind your own business dude! But, I don’t know what the hell was with the person few meters away from me that my eyes got glued on him. Damn it! He looked intriguingly beautiful even when his back was turned on me, he was also running but in a slower pace than I am, so I decided to slow down myself also – huh the flirt on me was back baby! Not contented on seeing just his muscular broad shouldered, small waisted, trimmed bum and rip calf muscled back view, I decided to run faster again to past him, thinking that he might notice me. I felt crappy nervous yet excited at this same time as I was planning the overtake. I gathered all my strength – physically and mentally speaking. Running past him was like stopping to breathe for a few seconds, which I guess what I did. Hoping he’d notice me, I slowed down a little again.
	My plan worked! Ha I did I great job, woo hoo! I sensed him running a bit faster to catch up on my now slowing pace. Yeah, the flirt on me once again succeeded and I decided for a halt and pretended to catch a little of my breath, standing on the side of the wall separating the sea water from the pavement. Only a few number of joggers were around that area, awesome, maybe the gods were good to me that day that they decided to give me and this beautiful man some sort of peace and quiet. I felt him stopping a few inches away from where I was, but I didn’t know if he was looking at me or anything, I was afraid to glance his way noticing me looking at him. Believe me that was the last thing I would do and get the shame to be caught. So much for the flirt, right?
	Pretending to breathe in and breathe out the salty air coming from the see, I stood there  a little longer, a minute or two I guess. Then there I felt his presence coming a bit nearer, because I could smell his cologne, damn he even smells divine even after a run! Pretending not to notice him, I didn’t move nor turn my head from where the smell was coming from. But I clearly knew that he’s standing next to me on my left side. Using my peripheral vision to look at him, I saw him facing me and smiling. Oh my heavens, even his teeth were perfect – pearly whites like a toothpaste model. Damn he is one hell of a beautiful creature! Still pretending not to get intimidated of his presence, I kept my head towards the sea and as if I’m still listening to my songs. Honestly, I can’t even recall what song was playing during that time. I was mesmerized by his presence beside me.
	I didn’t notice that he was still standing beside me, until he handed me a bottle of Gatorade. I pretended that I didn’t see it, but believe me I did, I really did. God even his hand was beautiful! All about this man was beautiful I guess. Being this close to this man made me shiver from inside. I didn’t take the bottle, shyness over took me this time. I’ve never been shy to any guy even if I met him randomly, but there was something with this guy standing beside me that I almost froze to death right there on the spot. But instead, I started to pace again away from him -  stupid girl! I thought he’d ignore me after walking away from his chivalrous gesture of giving a lady a drink, but I was mistaken. He followed me, actually even matched my pace as I started to run again, I didn’t even notice the time, and honestly the sunlight now was getting to my skin, almost starting to give me a hint that I needed to stop or any moment soon I’ll be like a fried chicken. Finding a shade nearby a medium sized tree, I stood there to rest and breath, and so did he. This time around he’s spoken to me. His voice sounded like of an angel’s; deep and alluring. God, why do You have to create this kind of man and eventually send him to me? But, thanks though! Thanks a lot! Even the Roman and Greek Gods would even be so envious of him. 
“Would you like to drink? I’ve notice you’ve been running for quite some time now and you’re not drinking, that wouldn’t be nice for your health”
“Uhm, sorry, what was that you’re saying?” bummer, why did I answered him that way? Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.
I thought he’ll get mad or anything towards my gesture, but to my surprise he started to laugh. Blimey, even his laughter was sexy! What’s with this man, that he’s almost perfect? The next thing I know he removed my head phones from my ears and started to talk again.
“What I said was, would you like to take this bottle away from my hand? I’ve been offering this to you since earlier, but it seems you keep on ignoring me ma’am.
Calling me ma’am made me laugh and blush a little, since when a guy like him would call a sweaty woman like me ma’am? “Oh, right yeah about that, sorry, sometimes I get too over myself and becomes a bit stupid.”
He laughed again, and this time I was laughing too. I never imagined a man like him would be that cheesy. He handed me the bottle and insisted me to take or he’ll force me himself to drink it like making a baby drink from his bottle. That made me laugh again and finally decided to take it from his hand. The drink wasn’t that cold anymore because he had been carrying it around to give it to me from quite some time. He even told me it was cold earlier and would be much better if I took it right away the first time he offered it. That made me blushed again and apologized for my sort of stupidity. I didn’t know what’s got into me that time that I did not even bother to ask for his name after being so much of a gentleman. Stupid girl mode again.
“By the way, I’m Blaine and sorry I didn’t get your name”, handing me his left hand for a decent shake.
I wiped my now sweaty palm to shake his, “Oh sorry, yeah I’m Jerry ah sorry it’s Jerraine actually but I got used to be called Jerry since I was young. So much for a girl’s name right?”
Oh my, what’s going on, I’ve talked too much. So much to be lady like. But, I just saw him smiling and looking at me. Damn, those round, dark brown eyes will surely melt me the longer he’d stare at me this way. I looked away and once again got shy. He laughed and asked me why I looked away, and if was there something wrong he did. I shook my head and smiled. I was like a love sick teenager again, seeing her crush next to her. Funny. 
“it’s getting hot in here, would you like to take a walk on that side?”,he gestured the area where all the food franchises were located. I gave him a nod and smiled, It was a nice thing of him. Honestly, I’ve never met someone like him; there was something about his aura that was so overpowering yet comforting at the same time.
He led the way and asked me if I would like to grab some coffee since most of the other shops won’t be opening until 10 AM. I didn’t answer, or rather can’t find the words to say. But instead I just smiled. He did the same way too, and with the look in his brown eyes, he was delighted and almost excited as well.
As we entered Starbucks Coffee, he escorted me to a corner table overlooking the outskirts of the sea side. The area was nice, comfy and quiet. He asked me what would I want to have, but just told him just get me whatever you are getting, but if it’s expresso, I’ll pass. That made him laugh again and so did I. He said he likes my sense of humour since not all the girls he’d met was like me. I was amazed when he said that. Woopps one point for Jerry Nishi for her bold statements and sense of humour, or let’s make that two rather.
While waiting for our coffees to be served, he settled himself in front me facing the wall as my background. At first it was really awkward and no one did talk, until I finally found the courage to ask him about the Gatorade. He laughed first then became a bit serous when he told me he noticed me few miles running and found me beautiful. Say what? Rewind that again please. Me? Beautiful? Gee, thanks! That made me blush, and for sure he did notice it. And thank you Starbucks for calling out Blaine’s name before he was able to notice my flushed face completely. So he stood up and excused himself to get our coffees. He actually did a great choice of drinks, iced coffee – fantastic this was what I need now since he made my face flush with all those you are beautiful kind of stuffs. So he settled himself again, and this time with coffees in between us, he made his eyes do most of the talking. I mean, just looking at me that way almost made me fall out of my seat. Then he noticed I was feeling a bit weird or rather awkward. That surely made him uneasy too, so he asked me if I was feeling okay or if I wanted to leave now.
“No. No of course not, it’s just that I feel a bit shy sipping my coffee when you’re staring at me like that”, I felt my face flushed again and he started laughing again. Honestly, I would definitely be hitting a guy’s face by now if he does that laughing towards me since I am damn serious, but definitely there was something about this guy sitting in front of me that made me so girly.
He then apologized and we started talking like two old friends meeting up after not seeing each other for centuries. I found him funny, sensible, intelligent and domineering. Wait, domineering I say? Yes! He was domineering and that turned me on. I learned that his quarter of an American, since his grandfather was an American who married a Filipino woman. His name is Blaine Andrew Ricafort and works for his family’s company. By hearing his family name, I thought of the Ricafort Industries, one of the biggest and strongest outsourcing companies in the Philippines. I was intimidated by knowing that this beautiful hell of a guy in front of me could be one of the most powerful assets of their company. But I set that aside for the meantime, since I am indeed enjoying his company right now. I told him the simplest things about me. I told him my name and I am half Japanese and I’ve worked in Saudi Arabia as a nurse and just recently returned. He was fascinated about my life’s adventures in the Kingdom. We laughed when I told him about the first time I made a phone call home just to ask how to do the laundry, and he told me maybe one time I could teach him that too. Say what? Teach you do the laundry? Where? When? Would you like it now? Ehem, that would be exciting.
We didn’t notice the time, until his phone rang. He excused himself again to take the call. I guess it was pretty serious, maybe business related. After he finished the call, he apologized and sat again in front of me. I felt he was a bit uneasy now after receiving the call, so I didn’t want to hold his presence any longer. I told him it’s getting a bit late and we need to get going. To that he agreed and escorted me out of the coffee shop. He walked me to my car which was parked a block away from Starbucks. When we got to my car he opened the door for me, and to my surprise he kissed me on my cheeks. I smiled and kissed him on his cheeks as well. I knew he liked it because once again he stared at me with those round brown eyes. I smiled and slid my way inside the driver’s seat.
“Uhm, Jerry I hope you don’t mind me asking for your number so  we -”
And before he finished his sentence I handed him a paper with my number on it and told him call me anytime, I wouldn’t mind. He smiled showing off his pearly whites. I thanked him for the Gatorade, coffee and the great time we spent that morning, then I drove off going home with a huge smile on my face.


THE KRING
	While driving, my attention was divided on what had happened this morning and the road I am taking. I was sort of excited to receive a phone call from Blaine right away, just few minutes of our separation. Well that didn’t happen, but still that didn’t made me feel bad, perhaps he was already busy that day.
	Arriving home, mom asked me what took me so long today to finish my run. I lied to her telling I met up with someone I knew few years ago running also around MoA; well I couldn’t tell her about Blaine. Not yet, not this time. I need to be sure first about him before I spill the details. I guess she bought it, knowing that I was pretty much away for two years and knowing MoA wasn’t that far from Cavite it’s not impossible to bump into to someone familiar.
	I arrived home an hour early for lunch time, and I was famished and can’t wait for my mom’s home cooking. I missed that so much, I cannot contain myself on asking her when it’ll be done. Mom was happy knowing that I was so excited to eat her food again. So lunch time came, and the delish food was served, I was satiated by the time we finished eating. I thanked mom for the meal because it felt like a millennium since I last ate that much good food.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Then there was a loud ringing coming from my mobile. I jumped up out of excitement hoping it was Blaine. I hope it’s him. I hope it’s him. Damn it! It’s not him, but instead a ghost of my past. My it’s complicated of a boyfriend calling. What does he want from me now? Yup he’s still technically my boyfriend, but I don’t feel like he’s still is. I mean, I don’t feel the love and connection anymore like I felt 3 years ago. The phone kept on ringing so I decided to answer it, annoyed of course.
	We talked for I guess 30 minutes and he asked me to meet him tonight so we can talk more privately and according to him he missed me so much. Yeah right, whatever! Wait, do I miss him too? All I could think about now is Blaine, his shoulder length  wavy jet black hair, round brown eyes, pearly white teeth, perfectly tanned and toned body and not this “boyfriend”;nbut I gave him a chance and agreed to meet up tonight to a bar nearby. I wasn’t really ecstatic to meet him, but for once I have to do it. It’s either I break his heart or we part each other in a decent way.
	I left a bit late than the time we agreed to meet up. I didn’t actually dress the part, but instead I just had my short pants, plaid shirt, and ballet flats, I didn’t even bother to put some makeup on other than a light blush and neutral lip gloss - because I wasn’t feeling the part. There I saw him standing outside waiting for me to park my car. I turned off the engine and stepped out of my car. He took my hand and tried to kiss me on my lips, but I hesitated telling him that a lot of people were around, and I don’t like the public display of affection. I knew he felt bad about it, who cares; I don’t. I was determined that night that I would end this relationship with him; by hook or by crook!
	He escorted me inside and we took a table a little farther than where the live band was playing. I didn’t want all this crappy bullshit around us anyway. So we ordered some drinks, he had beer and I had a gin tonic, since I am driving the last thing I wanted was to get drunk. We had some slices of pepperoni pizza, fries and onion rings to go with our drinks. We talked, obviously in the sound of his voice, he was very ecstatic, but I wasn’t. Then all of a sudden we stopped talking; awkwardly, and then finally I found the strength to tell him my real intention.
	“I want some space from you, things aren’t working out right between us anymore. I don’t feel any connection or chemistry between us, unlike before. I’m sorry Alex, but this has got to end. I know it’s awful, but one of us have to; have to move on and keep moving forward; I wanted to move on. Move on without you. Please just let me go; don’t follow me when I decide to leave. Just move on with yours; forget about me, about us. Thanks for the years, and thanks for tonight.” Then I stood up not wanting to hear what he’s about to say. He tried to stop me by holding my arm but I shoved him back and flee out of the bar. I hopped inside my car and drove away. I saw him rushing to the door to catch me, but he was too late. 
	Driving away, I felt good. Amazingly I really felt good about what I did. Freedom! Finally!
						  ~0~0~0~0~
	I didn’t want to go home yet so I decided to hit the road heading to Manila. I decided I’d like to be back at MoA sea side, just to sit and relax after the semi-dramatic break up speech I just said earlier. My phone kept on ringing as I was driving, and I knew it was Alex, my now ex-boyfriend. I didn’t answer any of his call, it’s the last thing I wanted to do -  to talk to him. No way! Enough with the dramas; I’m so ove with it.
	I arrived in MoA around quarter past 9PM, and damn the area was quite packed and busy considering it was a weeknight. I decided to park my car near Hooters bar so it would be pretty much accessible a little later. I don’t have the plan to get drunk that night especially that I was all by myself. I decided to rather enjoy my solitude tonight. I walked at the back of the Hooters and sat myself at the outside area, actually the smoking area as others would call. I didn’t mind the smell of cigar smoke since I used to smoke back then. Enjoying the sounds and sight around me, plus Alex finally gave up on calling me, I didn’t notice that someone’s calling me again, an unregistered number. I was hesitant to answer it, thinking that  it might be Alex and used a different number, but there was something inside my gut that told me to go answer the freaking phone call.
	“Hello?”, my voice was a bit shaky and irritated at the same time.
	“Oh hi, Jerry, it’s me Blaine I hope I didn’t catch you at a wrong timing?”, his voice was a bit apologetic but sweet.
	Oh my God! Oh my God, it’s him! It really is him! My mind was a bit blanked and mixed up, I didn’t expect to receive a call from him, not tonight – I guess. I apologized for the way I answered earlier and told him that it was actually noisy where I was at the moment. He asked me where I was and told him I was at Hooters all by myself. He laughed and asked me what the hell I was doing there all alone; I needed some company according to him. I laughed with his question and told him I didn’t even know. It was so nice of him to ask if I wanted company tonight. I actually said yes immediately without hesitating. Wait, I wanted solitude, right? What just happened? He asked me if I could wait for him and it’ll just take him roughly 30 minutes to arrive. He didn’t have to ask twice and I told him of course, I do have all the time in this world to wait and I’d love to have his company tonight.. Oh snap, did I just say love? Damn woman! You gave away yourself so easily! I hope he didn’t mind me saying that I’d love thingy! Idiot girl.
	To my surprise, it was only 10 minutes passed when he came to where I was. I was astonished seeing him with his office clothes, an ensemble of black tailored suit – could be Armani -  over a royal blue shirt, I felt under dressed next to him and gestured to him if he could lose the coat. He smiled and gave me a peck on my cheeks instead; that made me again blush like a teenager. He liked what he saw, for sure. Damn this man’s a flirt himself! Everyone was starring on us when he sat beside me, god what’s with this man that I cannot resist his charms? I could smell his cologne, spicy and very manly -  a sort of hint of peppermint and cinnamon. I felt like a little kid sitting beside a grown man, knowing that he’ll protect me from any one at any time. I liked it, really I did.
	We ordered some food and drinks. I told him I’ll be good with soda since I already had an apple martini earlier before he came and besides, I’ll be driving back home and he said it indeed was a good idea. I knew despite how late it was that he haven’t had his dinner so I told him to eat whatever he wants, it’s on me. He said a firm NO when I told him I’ll be paying. Oh what a sweet guy he was, such a gentleman. I liked it, I liked him even better now. We enjoyed the night, munching on our food, laughing and staring at each other. There’s something about him that made me really felt a great connection towards him. 
	After finishing our food, we decided to walk and feel the evening’s cool breeze. He held my hand as I was standing up, which send shivers to my spine, like a sting of electric volt passed through my veins. I knew he felt that way also because his smile was like a knife embedding to every part of me. We walked around casually holding hands, like lovers in the night. It was nice, the walk was nice but his presence beside me was even nicer. The wind was getting a bit cooler as the night progresses and with what I was wearing and losing all those excess fats to protect me from the cold, I started to rub my arms for warmth. He definitely noticed it, and wrapped his coat around me. I looked at him and smiled for his actions.
	“See, told you, this coat would be handy,” then he smiled and brushed his lips over mine. God his lips were soft and gentle, so I gave in. What started from a simple kiss became, passionate. He held the back of my neck with his right hand and pressed his lips onto mine harder this time. I gave in, I liked the feeling of his lips over mine. God he’s a damn good kisser.
	When we parted our lips, both of us were gasping for air. We smiled at each other, and then kissed again, shorter and softer this time. That’s when we realized that we were out on public and kissing out there for everyone’s view wasn’t such a nice idea. We laughed again and walked away, holding hands. We stopped at the same tree where we first talked this morning. I’d never got mistaken about that tree, I’d never would, it was a memorable tree for me now.
	“Uhm Jerry, I know we just met this morning, but uh there’s something about you that made me really want , I mean like you”, he definitely was nervous while telling me this.
	Instead of answering back, I gave him a flirty smile then nibbled his ear. He laughed because he was ticklish according to him. There was this certain connection between us that neither of us could really explain. We stood there for quite some time, just looking at each other’s eyes, then we decided to head back to the crowd. Screw them if they’d remember that it was us who gave a public show of passionately kissing on public a while ago. While walking he held my hand and squeeze it randomly and so did i. I enjoyed this, the feeling of being protected. We spent few more minutes when I told him I have to go now. He said that he’d walk me to my car and follow behind me to know that I arrived home safe. I told him he doesn’t have to, but he insisted. So I made him a deal that I’d be calling him the first thing I arrived home. It took some little convincing before he gave in. He kissed me again before I slid inside my car; I liked the way he kissed me, passionate and strong.
	Driving home has never been this blissful. I felt elated after our kiss. I was smiling the whole time I was driving home. I didn’t even notice how quick I was able to reach home. Then I remembered about our deal, so dialled Blaine’s number to let him know that I arrived safe and sound. To my surprise, with just one ring he’d picked up the call. The sound of his voice even made me want him more, though there was this interrogative sound on it asking me how the hell I arrived home that fast, 15 minutes. He was indeed worried that I drove too fast. That made me laughed but he didn’t, he was too concerned about my safety. Oh so sweet of him, right? I apologized, but he said I don’t have to, but I have to be careful next time. I love him already! I know I really do, and it’s not the rebound thing others might say. I never felt this comfortable towards a guy I barely even know.
	I told him I have to call  him back after 30 minutes because I plan to take a shower, but instead he told me to just send him message when I’m done and he’ll call me otherwise. We agreed to that and so I ended the call. After my warm bath, I did what he told me and just a minute after, my phone rang and I took the call without hesitating. Our phone call was sweet, funny and very long. I actually had to persuade him to end it since he has work and I have my MMAs in the morning.
	“MMA? Seriously Jerry?” then I laughed and I said yes then said good night Blaine.


MIXED MARTIAL ARTS ‘TIL YOU DROP
	The next morning I was awaken by the loud ringing of my mobile. I looked for who was calling me that early, and was surprised that it was Blaine.  I didn’t expect him to call me that early, but I appreciated the call. I answered the phone immediately after learning it was him and not my hell of an ex. My voice was still raspy from the night’s sleep, but nonetheless, I was so excited to hear his voice again. Blaine laughed when he heard me cleared my throat. Damn it, it was so un-lady like of me doing that. I apologized about my stupidity, but he said it was really okay and it made him love me more. Say what? Loved me more? Oh, c’mon I must me dreaming! But anyway, if it was a dream, I don’t ever want to be awaken up, it’s the best dream I’ve ever had in my entire life.
	“So, about the MMA, I hope you’re not really serious about that when you told me about that last night.”, his voice was a bit inquisitive, that made me laugh.
	“I am dead serious Blaine, I am doing MMAs every other day. I’ll do MMA today then run tomorrow, and mostly that’s it. But, Sunday’s my cheat day, I mean no exercise for me, just total relaxation.”
	“I’d love the sound of you being free on Sunday’s, which only means we can be spending a little more time together during those days”. The sound of his voice was divine, and I can feel his excitement and sincerity at the same time. That made me smile.
	“Me too Blaine!”, I sounded excited.
	“I hope you won’t beat the hell of crap out of me when I screwed up, Jerry.”
	Why did he ever think of that? “Blaine, trust me, I won’t­ -  not yet”, then I laughed and so he did too. I love hearing the sound of his laughter; it makes me calm in a way I even can’t describe.
	I told him I have to get going now since my MMA will start in an hour from now. He was very understanding and told me he’ll see me then tomorrow at MoA for a run. I told him I might not because I opt to run again around the same area I used to. Then he asked me where I run so he can come with me. At first I was hesitant to tell him where, but later on I decided to tell him anyway. He was surprised and at the same time found it ridiculous that I run most of the time around the cemetery premises. I told him he must try it sometime, it’s really relaxing since it’s more quiet than running along crowded places. He said he’ll do it sometime, as long as I was there to run with him. To that we agreed and ended our brief phone call. Waking up early in the morning and receiving a phone call from Blaine was the best thing I’ve ever received in the past few weeks of my homecoming.
	I geared for my MMA session today and drove myself heading to the studio. My MMA coach was already there waiting for me. He instantly smiled when he saw me. James I think is in his early to mid - 30’s, a bit taller than me and darker in color. Obviously, with all the training he had, his body was way toned than any other guys in the studio. He pretty much was a decent and patient instructor. I enjoy MMA sessions with him, since he is like an elder brother to me – supportive yet strict at the same time. He taught me everything I need to know with the basics since I am just a beginner. According to him, I am pretty much of a fast learner myself, that’s maybe because I really devoted myself on learning the proper ways and techniques of the sport. Usually, male clients were the ones taking James’ classes and I guess we were only 3 females who trained with him. Of all the instructors in the studio, I’d never choose any other else than him. 
	Supposedly my MMA session last only for 2 hours but today was a different day for me. I told James that I would be extending for another 2 hours; he was surprised of my decision but didn’t ask further why. He patiently trained me then I told him I’ll be okay by myself. Since I knew he had to cater some other clients, I let him go. But he told me if anything wrong comes up, I shouldn’t hesitate to call him. He’s such a nice guy. 
	I was sweating like a pig by the time I finished the 4 hours of MMA session. I never felt any better though. Despite the fact that I was so freaking tired from the longest session I ever had, I felt great. After my session, I decided to check on my mobile if there’s a message or missed call left. Well, apparently I didn’t have any. I was relieved that my ex-boyfriend finally gave up; but I felt also bad that no message or call was left from Blaine. Damn that guy! Perhaps, he’s just too busy today, or whatever.
	I tried to give myself a break also – reality check please! He has an enormous busy life of his own. Not that he and I are a couple or something or whatever others would call it. That kiss last night was just a kiss, no expectations, no strings attached. Why take it too seriously? I am not a freaking 16 year old virgin myself, I am an all grown up well experienced woman for crying out loud!
						~0~0~0 ~0~
	Since the day was still young when I arrived home, I decided to check on my email and see what interesting messages I can find. Few messages from friends, and there it was a message I never wished to ever receive from my employer; fucking hell, the stupid message has just informed me that my vacation was cut short from 5 months to 3 instead. Son of a… What the hell were they talking about? I am leaving that soon? I haven’t even enjoyed my MMA and what hurts the most is that I haven’t known Blaine that much yet;  and now they’re telling me that soon I’ll be flying off again. Shit! This can’t be happening! But I know I have no other choice even if I die crying my eyes out or cursing all heaven and hell. I cannot bail on them, not in my wildest dreams.
	I had to call the agency they paid for arranging my documents to confirm if the bad news was true. And to my hell of a surprise it was – it wasn’t a nightmare! My visa’s being processed and everything I needed is being catered ASAP. I was more of sad than excited. Surely I’ll miss MMA but I am ready to set it aside for another 2 years until my contract finishes, but Blaine – am I ready to give him up? I don’t think so.
	I wanted to call him to tell him about this news, but I hesitated. What if he’s busy in a middle of an important meeting, or he’s with a very important client, or maybe he is with someone else – a friend perhaps? What if he isn’t even interested of this news of mine? What if he doesn’t even want to receive a phone call from me? So I opted not to call him. Not that I wouldn’t want to let him know about it, but maybe not now, not today. Besides, we have no commitment of anything between us.
						~0~0~0~0~
	That night, Blaine didn’t call nor messaged me. I felt really upset, but I guess I don’t have the reason to demand for his time. I didn’t try to call him either, I don’t know – I chickened out. I slept early that not, upset of the news that my vacation was cut short adding up was Blaine; who apparently ignored me the whole day. I could curse anyone or anything, but what’s the use? Why fuss about it anyway?
	The next morning, I was supposed to go running, but I didn’t feel like. Blaine still didn’t care to call me either. This morning’s a gloomy one – like waking up on the wrong side of the bed. Instead of running, a drove myself to the studio, I’m going MMA again today. As I parked my car in front of the studio, James was pretty surprised to see me that day. He didn’t expect me to be there since my usual schedule’s every other day. He asked me why I was there, and told him I didn’t feel like running but felt more of punching and kicking someone or something instead. He laughed menacingly with what I just said.
	“Oh, someone’s not in a good mood today!” he joked.
	“Don’t you even start on me James. Or I kick the hell out of you!”, I said half joking, half annoyed. I was not in a good mood for jokes today. But James laughed it off instead. I like this guy; he never takes anything too seriously against someone, especially a friend.
	I only had a regular 2 hours of MMA today since I wasn’t on the schedule. James just squeezed me in on his ever hectic schedule, as he often says. I thanked him and left the studio. I didn’t feel like going home yet, so I drove myself to a nearby McDonalds to grab something to eat. Not that I am really starved, but I just need a place to clear my head before heading home.
	The day passed and still, no sign of Blaine. That son of a bitch Blaine Andrew Ricafort! He just toyed with my emotions! And here I was, the ever stupid Jerraine Nishi falling for his trap. Idiot! Idiot! Idiot!
	The whole week passed and no sign of Blaine, and I didn’t even run. I went to an exclusive whole week MMA session. I was tired, my muscles were on fire but I felt great. I released all my anger and frustrations with Blaine towards all the punching bags I hit plus some strong kicks to James; as he often tells me that I was getting stronger and stronger every day. Thanks to Blaine and his charms, I became stronger. Stronger; because of my hate towards him.


TO RUN OR NOT TO RUN
	I was tired from my everyday MMA sessions for the past week. It indeed was not advisable to be on a whole week of exclusive MMA. Everything on my body was sore, but it didn’t stop me. Now I have to decide, should I or should I not run again? I missed it though, but it dreadfully reminds me of Blaine. I hate him! A week without calling, not even to care messaging me? Hey wait, we’re not a couple right? Then why am I thinking like this? Fuck! Stupidity 101 again! Well I need to move on, I have to anyway.
	Now it’s a challenge for me, where should I go for a run? The cemetery? Ah yes; that would be relaxingly quiet or MoA sea side? Snap, MoA, what if Blaine’s there? What if I see him there running with someone else? Am I ready for that? Holy shit, now you are causing me too much of a mental trouble Blaine Ricafort! But I had to run, I wanted too. Come what may, if I see you there then I see you, but better if I won’t. 	
	Just as the usual I geared myself, and this time around I managed to bring a bottle of water with me. I don’t want another asshole like him running up to me handing me something to drink. Not now, not ever! Was this my karma after what I did to my ex? I hope not.
	I finally decided to head to MoA, if he’s there I wanted to see him also, but we don’t have to talk nor greet one another. Seeing him then eventually ignoring him was enough for me. But I wanted him to doubt himself for chickening out and toying with my emotions. Yeah, I’m ready for this – I think so.
	But to my surprise as I was starting my car, an unfamiliar black and chrome Chevrolet Camaro parked in front of our house, I was obviously furious because that moron of a stupid driver just blocked my driveway. Doesn’t he even know the DO NOT BLOCK THE DRIVEWAY POLICY? I was about to pound on his window when he opened the door, and to my surprise it was him – it was Blaine. My Blaine! Did I just call him my Blaine?
	“What are you doing here and how’d you know where I live?” I was really shocked and annoyed seeing him here in front of my driveway. Looking as beautiful as he ever was. Damn, why do you have to be that good looking to punish me, huh Blaine? Why?
	He smiled at me, damn flashing me with those pearly whites once again. “I have my sources you know.”
	My mom was obviously surprised as well, looking towards us. So I told Blaine to go and introduce himself to my mom. He did what I asked him to; of course to my surprise.  Mom was happy to finally meet him, but I don’t even remember talking about him; but I guess moms’ are a bit of a psychic. I couldn’t really recall a time that I have talked about Blaine, but maybe I’ve mentioned him to her, just once or twice; but I guess she overheard one of Blaine and I’s conversations. 
	He looked as awesome as ever, but a bit tired than before; I could see it through his brown eyes. I wanted to ask him where the hell had he been and did he ever had the idea that what he did definitely devastated me. But before I was able to ask him that, he immediately explained himself. He told me he just came back from an emergency flight to Canada to oversee one of their companies which was having a bit of a trouble there. I felt bad about being to selfish thinking that he just toyed with my emotion. But I didn’t want to let him know about that. I don’t want lose my cool on him.
	“I’m really sorry I didn’t even bother to send you a message or call you. My thoughts were scattered during the time I was told to fly immediately to Canada. And when I was there, work took over me almost 24/7.”, he then kissed my now flushed cheeks and I felt shy since mom was just there.
	I smacked his arm lightly, but he just smiled. Blaine, please not here, don’t do this to me; I thought to myself. I felt like a little girl in front of the class for a show and tell after he kissed me. Teasing me after being MIA for a week, nice one Blaine. He smiled and held my hand. He whispered something to my ear that made me smile. I was supposed to go running, but seeing Blaine in front of my driveway, was a different story. He asked mom if he could steal me for a day and promised to be back before midnight. Since I am no longer a kid, mom just said sure and be safe. Whoa, did mom just said yes that quick? That was weird.
	I asked him where were we going, and once again, as ever,  I wasn’t dressed for the part. I told him I needed to change since my attire was meant for running. But he said, we don’t have time for that, we don’t have the time to waste. Damn it this man, here I am again once more, under dressed and him as usual looking at his best wearing a pair of black jeans and nice royal blue Lacoste shirt.
	“You know Blaine, you really are becoming so unfair to me eh! You look so good while look at me, I look awful!”
	“No you’re not! You look wonderful and the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my entire life.” He then kissed me then drove off.
	I totally have no idea where we’re heading. But I guess it won’t be that far since he promised mom that we’ll be back by midnight. The drive was long but fun. We had so much to talk about especially that it was a whole week of silence between us. I wanted to tell him about the email I received the other day, but today wouldn’t be a good day to spoil with just one ugly news.
	We arrived to this private resort he rented somewhere in Calamba Laguna. I asked him who else would be there, but he said it would only be the two of us. I actually didn’t get scared, but surely I was excited. I missed Blaine so much, I wanted to savor every minute I am with him. His scent, his stares, his kisses and his caressing hands over mine. 
	Little did I know that Blaine bought a lot of stuffs for me, clothes, bags, books and chocolates. How’d he know I love chocolates? I was so touched with all his sweetness and gave him a long passionate kiss I’ve been longing to give him since I saw him earlier that day.
	He smiled after our kiss and told me he loves me so much and he missed me dearly. I told him I love him too, and the rest was history. We had such a great time, but we had to leave a little early since he promised mom that we’ll be back before midnight. Blaine was pretty thoughtful himself, he bought buko  pies for mom and my relatives. He said he wanted to get to know them even better since he’s planning to become a part of my family one day. Whatta? Part of my family one day? Wait are you asking me to marry you? To that I just smiled and squeezed his hand while he was driving.
	It was only 11PM when we arrived to my house, mom was there waiting and was delighted to see us coming. Blaine held the door for me as I stepped out of the car. He handed the buko pies to my mom and asked her if he could come back again to visit. Mom was delighted and told him he can drop by anytime he wants. I don’t know, but there was something about this guy that even mom was very welcoming to him. 	
	“I can’t stay any longer, it’s kind of getting late. I’ll call you when I get home, okay babe?
	Wait, did I hear that correctly, he called me babe? Wow! I smiled and told him to keep safe driving home. He said of course he will and told me once again that he loves me. I smiled and told him I love him too.
	Mom didn’t ask any further about me and Blaine, she was confident that Blaine was the right choice for me. She liked Blaine instantly, thank you Lord! I saw Blaine’s car drove away from our house and then mom and I entered. 
	He kept his promise of calling me as he arrived home. I learned that he lives on his own at his condominium in Rockwell. Damn, this guy’s one hell of a fortune! Anyway, who cares how rich he is, I love him and that’s it. We talked roughly for 2 hours until he said goodnight since he’s tired and sleepy and so was i.
	I thanked him again for the wonderful day and told him how much I love him. So did he. But, I haven’t told him about the email. Maybe next time.
The next morning a daunting question popped to my head.  To run or not to run? I was scheduled for my MMA today, but I wanted to run. I can’t decide really on what to do, a part of me wants to run and a part of me misses the adrenaline rush MMA’s giving me. I wanted to call Blaine to ask for his opinion, but I found it ridiculously over rated. Then there was loud banging telephone call. Overseas. Oh no, not now. 
	“Hello? Salam allahkum.”my line.


KATIR MUSHKILA
	That phone call I received that morning was the most dreading phone call I’ve ever received ever since I’ve arrived. It was my Saudi employer reminding me of my impending departure. I gave him a confirmation that I have received all the details I have to fill out; but deep inside, I felt like I was being burnt alive. I am not ready for this, not now; not now that Blaine just came into my life and made it oh so lovely like a fairy tale. It has only been a month for me and Blaine to be together, and now they’re taking me away from him. It’s not right! I can’t be away with Blaine, not now please. He’s like oxygen that I breathe every day.
	I have to tell this news to Blaine eventually, but how? I don’t even know if I have the strength to tell him about this awful news. I can’t, I  Iove him too much I can’t even see myself being away from him for so long. A week was dreadful, what more two years and overseas. I won’t survive, I can’t! I have to tell him all about it eventually, I know, but when would be nice time?
						~0~0~0~0~
	As the usual Blaine once in a while drops by our house every after work, especially if his day wasn’t busy. I loved him for all his efforts. Even every morning, he makes it a habit to call me and remind me if it’s my MMA session or our “running date”. We called it that way because we run together every morning then grab something to eat afterwards. It’s like having a date, except we do it early mornings.  I’d be missing that when I leave. No more evening stop overs, morning phone calls, running dates and most of all, I won’t be able to feel him, touch him, kiss him… Everything’s going to be gone. No!!!!
						~0~0~0~0~
	I had no choice, but to fix my papers without letting Blaine know about it. I hate doing that to him, like sneaking away a part of my life to him. I know we had promised that we need to be honest to each other to make our relationship really work. I don’t want to be selfish, but sometimes things like this must be better left unsaid; what you don’t know won’t hurt, right? I had to tell him though, eventually. And I planned the tonight’s going to be that night. Geez Lord, please give me the strength for this! I think I’m going to die if all hell loose. My mind’s at rage, mixed thoughts burst inside. What if Blaine starts frantic and walked out without letting me now how he felt? Or the worst is, what if he just don’t care at all, as if nothing happened nor I even exist that would affect him? All those thoughts came flashing at the back of my mind. I was scared as hell, I feel like I’m going lose control and faint. Oh sweet Jesus, help me on this, pretty please!
I invited him for dinner, which mom was happy to prepare for us. I told mom that I’d be telling Blaine that I’d soon be leaving going back to Saudi Arabia. I was more of the anxious than excited breaking the news that night. I don’t know how’d he react when I tell him about it, I am scared, really, really scared.
	Blaine arrived around 7PM and brought a strawberry - chocolate cake he knew I really liked. I was so happy and anxious to see him, and I knew he sensed that something’s wrong. We ate and had a great time together. I tried not to break the bad news as we were eating; I want him to enjoy the night first. Mom was happy seeing Blaine enjoying all the food she prepared. Blaine loves my mom’s cooking, he often profess that to her. After our dinner I asked Blaine to follow me on our veranda because we had to talk about something important. He even joked about me getting pregnant, because he’d be so freaking happy if I am. I smacked his arm and told him this is serious, and he sensed I wasn’t really joking around, but I gave him a soft kiss to remind him that I love him dearly. He kissed me back, and I almost melt from where I was standing.
	I asked him to sit down, handed him a cup of coffee and then told him about the news, I looked at his face and I knew with his reaction that he wasn’t delighted about it. He said he can’t do anything not unless he can get me pregnant as soon as possible so I won’t be allowed to leave the country. That made me laugh and so did he. That’s one of the reasons why I love Blaine so much, he knows how lighten up things when they’re getting to its worsts
	I thought he’d be furious and storm out, but instead he took it lightly. Thank goodness my lover’s an open minded guy. Finally we agreed on something feasible. I hope it’d work, for both of us of course. He then thanked my mom for the dinner and mom was generous enough to send him food to keep on the fridge and just popped them to the microwave. The two of them always does that, since Blaine’s a big fan of mom’s cooking. Nowadays, mom’s very comfortable with Blaine; he’s like the son she never had or maybe she thinks he’s going to be her son on of this days.
	He said goodbye to mom then me. He kissed me on my forehead, and whispered to my ears that mom’s there. I laughed and so did he. He was so funny, I forgot about the problem dreading me earlier. Anyway we had a plan and hoped for the best. We had to do our best for it to work though.
	“So how did Blaine take in the news?” mom was obviously anxious of knowing how our talk came out would to be.
	I smiled and hugged mom, “ he took it lightly, thank goodness his very open minded”, of course I cannot tell mom about our plan; the “feasible plan”.
	

MEET THE RICAFORTS
	Now that Blaine and I are officially a couple, we need to act like one. I mean, we can’t always be just doing those running dates we’re used to or he drops by our house and such stuffs. We need to go to the next level, being more serious, as he often says. I liked it when he keeps on telling me those words. My family knew about us and had met Blaine couple, actually several times. They liked him and often describe him to be very appropriate for me. Despite the fact the “my Blaine” obviously belongs to a powerful affluent family; one thing amazing about him is that he knows how to blend in. He never showed a character that will require him to have a bad persona amongst my family. For that, they accepted him and loved whole heartedly.
	This time around, the tables had turned and it’s my turn to meet his family. I only met his brother Charlie once when we accidentally bumped to him at a mall to grab lunch. Charlie was actually around the area to buy something for his then girlfriend. According to Blaine, his brother is more of the lady’s man than him. I laughed when he said that in front of his younger brother, then his brother just brushed his hair and winked his eyes towards me. They actually looked like twins, but Blaine was a bit taller than Charlie, while Charlie was a bit leaner than his elder brother. Being only a year apart, they pretty seemed to get along so well. Charlie is as a gentleman as Blaine, but he was more of the humorous, happy go lucky kind of guy; no wonder girls dig him.
	I was anxious yet excited to finally meet Blaine’s family. Not that I’ve never been through with this kind of stuffs before, but now it was way more different; they’re the Ricaforts – one of the most powerful and influential people in the business world. Will they like me for their son? I hope so; I could only hope for the best. Blaine’s completely aware of how anxiously nervous I am to meet his parents. He told me that they’ll love me the way he does and we’ll surely get along. I do really hope so.
	In preparation on meeting his parents for the first time, I managed to sneak behind my boyfriend’s back to go shopping for new clothes; I wanted to look good in front of his family. It’s not that he won’t agree about it, but I wanted to surprise him as well. Looking for something decent, yet eye popping dress has never been this much of a challenge. Knowing that since my figure now is way too smaller than I used to be, buying clothes would be a breeze- fingers crossed, hopes high; but little did I know that things would never been as difficult as before. I had to consider a lot of factors; from the style, to the length and even the color and designs of the prints. I have to impress them with how I look – dress to impress strategy. I’ve tried couple of cocktail dresses, but I found them to dolled up for the event. The last thing I wanted them to think of me is that I am a hard core, cold predator, ready to munch on my hefty prey. Then finally, there it was; I saw this one shouldered, ivory colored dress with peach colored flowers as intricate design to accentuate the beauty of the dress’ cut. The length was perfect, not too short and not too long either; it just fell an inch above my knees and hugged the curves of my body perfectly. The price of the dress wasn’t that reasonable; hell yeah, it was expensive, but I decided to grab it any way; it would eventually be worth the price –I hope so. Next thing on my list -  the right pair of shoes. Having quite an unusual shoe size; it was another struggle for me, thank goodness there are shops now in the Philippines that cater shoes of the broken sizes – literally – mine were size 12’s. I had to be keen with the style, design, color and height. I opted those of the wedge style, since I find them comfortable to walk with plus it pretty much a decent style. I finally found one! Drum roll please! A beige colored strapped-on 4 inch wedge sandals, and with one size 12 left! Lucky much! It was pretty expensive, but it was worth the investment. Remember, I need to dress to impress for the future in laws, right? The other accessories were readily available home. I borrowed mom’s ever plenty collection of gold jewelleries, and she let me wore the most beautiful she had. I also borrowed one of her antique Gucci bags, she had purchased long long time ago, really antique yet sophisticatedly unique.
	Blaine phoned me 5 minutes before his arrival and asked me if I’m ready. Nervous as I ever was; I told him I actually am. But am I really ready for this? I sprayed one of my most precious Carolina Herrera eau de parfum, that smells like fresh bouquet of garden flowers with a hint of citrus; checked my makeup – brows lined decently simple, eye shadows’ in neutral shades of earth tones slightly smoked for extra sultry effect, eye lashes with black mascara to highlight the shadows, peach blush on both apples of the cheeks to add some splash of life and matte red lipstick for a good pout. Making sure I don’t look like some sort of a whore somewhere down town Manila, I had to check and re-check my make-up couple of times. I looked perfect, I guess. My hair was in simple bun, I didn’t want my hair to go flowing down my face and eventually look like I’m Sadako from the movie The Ring. Fingers crossed, I hope Blaine would love how’d I look, and so his parents.
	I heard Blaine’s Chevrolet Camaro’s engine roar as he parked in front of my house, that sound made more nervous. This is it! Go! Go! Go! I stepped out of the house, forcing an energetic smile to my babe, I was delighted seeing his face lighten up when he saw me. He gave me a soft kiss then turned to my mom to tell her we’re about to go. Mom trusts Blaine completely so she bid us to have a good night. Blaine opened the passenger’s door for me, as he usually he does. I knew he can feel my nervousness as I sat down. When he entered the car and started the engine, I closed my eyes for a second and had a deep long exhale.
	“What’s the matter babe? Relax their excited to finally meet you.” I could sense his excitement as he reassures me.
	“I’m okay babe, just a little nervous I guess. I hope they’d like me.” by then, I held on to his right hand and he squeezed my hand as well. 
	I felt relaxed and calm knowing that he’ll be there to support me. He told me that his mom is so excited that she to repeat orders over and over again to the servants to make sure everything’s going perfectly. I laughed, hearing that from Blaine. His dad was looking forward to meet me as well according to Blaine. Well actually, it was Charlie who eventually described to their dad how I looked like. Oh my Lord, I hope Charlie didn’t over react while describing me. They knew I am a nurse who worked at Saudi Arabia. They were happy according to Blaine that I was an independent woman myself. That made me a bit relaxed, to be honest.
	The drive was calm yet quick. Why wasn’t there Manila traffic tonight? Reaching Forbes Park was quick, really quick, or so I’d think. This is it Jerry, you have to impress the Ricaforts. When the car came to a halt, I held Blaine’s hand and told him I feel like millions of butterflies are presently flying inside my gut. He laughed then gave a soft kiss, telling me that everything’s going to be alright. I took his word as a sign of assurance. He escorted me getting off the car and held my hand as we walked towards the door. He opened the most elegant Spanish inspired door I have ever seen in my entire life, and called for his mom to tell them that we have arrived. My palms became sweaty and I had to wipe them off, knowing that I’d be shaking hands to his parents. Then came his mom from the kitchen followed by his dad for the wine bar. They were smiling and looked so beautiful; wearing simple yet elegant clothes too. Blaine and Charlie got their dad’s height but their facial features were exactly from their mom. No wonder they looked so perfect, because they were the product of good genes. Charlie was also their popping out from the wine bar a little later than his dad with a wine bottle on his hand and then quickly kissed me on the cheeks when he saw me. I smiled at him, and his gesture made me warmed up a bit. 
	“Good evening Mr. and Mrs. Ricafort, I’m Jerraine Nishi.”, I extended my hand and smiled. 
	Blaine’s mom walked towards me and gave me a one handed sweet hug and kissed my cheeks, she was a very nice woman indeed. “Iha, you may call me Tita Clare and my husband Tito John, okay? I’m so glad to finally meet you, my son here is obviously smitten by you!”
	I smiled and looked to my babe’s face, he obviously blushed with what his mom had just said. Then Charlie laughed seeing his brother’s reaction, which made everyone laughed, including me. I guess Blaine was right, his family wasn’t that difficult to be warmed at.
“Well Charlie was right when he told us how beautiful you are, lovely lady”, Mr. Ricafort’s comment made me blush and I hope nobody noticed it.
	We had dinner and talked a lot. They were obviously happy to finally meet me, and I learned that Blaine actually never brought any of his ex-girlfriends to meet his parents. That makes me the first! I was touched by his sweetness of introducing me to his parents. I cannot contain my happiness during that time, and I cannot wait any longer to have Blaine all by myself that evening.
	After the dinner, Blaine excused ourselves from everyone and told them that he’ll be glad to show me the garden. I was excited to be finally alone with him this time. As we walked heading to the garden, he was really quiet. I cannot even read the expression on his face. That made me nervous again. As we reached the garden, I was drawn with all the beautiful flowers surrounding the area. There were roses, orchids, petunias and so much more. The garden lights were also turned on so I was able to enjoy the beauty of the garden much better. He told me that his mom herself does all the gardening every day, ensuring that the flowers and plants were well hydrated and  receive enough sunlight.
	He gestured us to sit on a bench in the middle of the garden. We were under the moonlight and stars that time, the feeling was magnificent. He held my hand and kissed me again, passionately as ever. He then asked me about the thought of getting married. I was a bit surprised with his question, but I answered him whole heartedly that I’d love to settle down with someone who’d love me eternally.  He smiled and kissed me again. I didn’t know what’s going to happen, but I felt something goods coming its way, soon; very soon indeed. 


THE MOTHERS’ LOVE
	Ever since Blaine introduced me to his parents, I had become almost one of their family members. His mom and I got along so well that even Blaine gets jealous sometimes of our closeness. I appreciate every simple thing his mom does for me; maybe because she was longing for a daughter. I learned that Tita Claire once lost a baby girl named Dessa when she was only 5 months old. Dessa was born with several complications, and despite how financially capable they were to support her every medical need, her body did not carry along with all the struggles. Ever since the lost, Tita Claire gave up on conceiving again; afraid to might have loss another baby. According to Blaine, it took his mom quite some time before she became the jolly Mrs. Ricafort again. No one can blame her – she was a mother who just lost one precious child – a daughter.
	Knowing the story, I decided to show my true love not only for her son but for her too. Blaine, Charlie and Tito John were glad that someone made their special woman happy again. Although Tita Claire have already moved on with losing her daughter, at times she still becomes a bit depressed – especially during her daughter’s birth anniversary. Today was one of those days. 
	Being very open to each other, Blaine mentioned to me that it’s Dessa’s 25th birth anniversary – oh we’re the same age; no wonder his mom was like that affectionate to me. According to Blaine, his dad phoned him to ask me if I could come over today. Hearing this story, I felt the need to comfort his mom. But Blaine told me that his hands were tied up with a business meeting with their new prospective clients from Korea; and instead of him picking me up in our house, I have to drive myself to Forbes to visit his mom. I know that he loves his mom, and with his love to me, he entrusts me his mom’s feelings. I was touched by his gesture, but at the same time I felt nervous. What if it’s not the best time? But if I won’t try, I would never know the answer, and it would definitely break Blaine’s heart.
	Speeding my way to Forbes, I dressed casual yet presentable. The maid opened the door for me and told me Blaine have already mentioned to them that I’ll be coming today. As always, Tito John was sitting in his wine bar with all these wide array of wine bottles from different countries and years. You ask him, he’s got it there. He welcomed me and I gave him a soft peck on the cheeks. He thanked me for coming today with such short notice. Yeah it really was a short notice; I was supposed to be at the agency today to sign some papers for my departure 2 months from now, but opted to be here instead.
	I was told that Tita Claire’s in her reading room, possibly crying or just staring at blank state. I walked my way towards the reading room and knocked softly not to disturb her if she’s on peaceful solitude. 
	“Jerry, is that you? Come in Iha, I have been waiting for you”, her voice was soft and sweet.
	I was surprised when she said she was waiting for me. I even wondered how’d she knew it could’ve been me knocking and not one of their maids. I slowly opened the door and showed my way in. The reading room was grand, with all the books and magazines you’d want to read. I was astonished with seeing all those books properly arranged on every shelf that were mounted on the wall. I also noticed a beautiful family portrait of the Ricaforts hanged in the middle wall of the room. There it was, a younger version of the couple maybe around their mid-30’s, young Blaine and Charlie, and oh a baby girl in her mother’s arms – it would surely be Dessa. 
	“Isn’t she an angel?”, her voice was now full of sadness “she would have been your age if she’s still here; you would definitely get along since 2 naughty boys will surround her.” I felt the forceful joy over her voice.
	“I believe so Tita. I myself lost a sister when she was only 3 months old. She died because of the complications of her hydrocephalus.”, I was being sympathetic to her when I told her that story.
	“Yes, Blaine told me about that. I believe he became pretty close to your family too. Thank you Iha for making my son happy as he is now. I know you’re completely aware how his work almost occupy most of his time. Ever since his dad retired and passed to him the great responsibility of taking over the company, he became very serious about everything. That’s why I was glad learning that he met someone that made him happy again.”
	I was touched learning how I’ve changed Blaine. Though I am completely aware that business and work are his priorities, I appreciate all his efforts to make me on top of everything. Adding the fact that he trusts me well of his family. I love his parents as I love mine. His mom’s a great mother, caring and passionate and his dad’s just like them business before pleasure -  but believe me nothing beats a Ricafort man in giving pleasure.
	We spent the whole day talking. Sometimes about her garden, her cooking and occasionally being a wife and a mother. I tried not to talk about or mention Dessa; afraid that it might upset her more. She’s such a sweet woman, that’s maybe the reason I didn’t find her difficult to love.
	“Iha, when you and Blaine become a married a couple, lots of things will change. Him being a Ricafort, for sure he will not allow you to go back to work” there was a pause on her speech and I looked at her eyes -  same as Blaine’s. “as I was saying, being a Ricafort wife, you won’t be allowed to go back to work, but instead stay at home and take care of the family. I myself knew that.”
	She was a lovely bank financial advisor when she met Tito John. He was one of the clients of the bank she used to work for, and the moment he laid his eyes on her, he knew it was her, his going to settle down with. It didn’t take them that long to finally get married. Little did she know that everything in her life would eventually change. She did not fight nor complain; because it was the Ricafort men’s way. All their wives were homemakers and men work for them and the family. It was passed on through generations and generations of Ricafort men.
	Honestly speaking, I found it overwhelming that they consider me as Blaine’s future wife. Blaine and I haven’t spoken about it lately and I was not even sure if he really plans to marry me. But knowing the story behind Ricafort husbands and wives, I was astonished. Not that I am against the idea, but will I be able to comply with it? I need to talk to Blaine about this some time soon.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Blaine surprised my mom when he came to our house the same day he’d asked me to visit his mother. My mom didn’t expect Blaine to be there since she’s completely aware that I am at his’ parents’ house. Since the two of them get along so well, it was not that difficult for Blaine to approach my mom. Mom always liked him; Blaine was the perfect boyfriend for me as she has always said. 
	Little did I know, Blaine planned everything for today. He pretended to be busy at work and rather asked me to be with his mom to comfort her. I don’t know if his dad was also into this, but I wouldn’t mind either way. He had a plan on his mind today -  including my mom, me and our future.
	“I trust you with her, I know you wouldn’t do anything to hurt her. Please love her and take good care of her as I did all my life.”
	He nodded and smiled, “my life was a mess before I met her, but everything changed when she came into my life. I promise, and you have my word as a man; that I’ll protect her with my life and I will always love her and never hurt her in our entire life together.”
						~0~0~0~0~



TESTING THE WATERS
	Being in a relationship with a wealthy, powerful and one of the most eligible bachelors in Asia was a test of trust, faith and love. I have always trust Blaine’s fidelity to me. I saw how he managed to divide his time for his demanding work schedules, family and me. I never complained about putting his work before anything else. His parents and brother has warned me about this; I told them I am ready and will be able to handle Blaine and his time consuming responsibilities; but little did I know that at times everything’s going to come into a boiling point.
	As time goes by, and my time’s almost up – figuratively speaking - I wanted him more and more – his presence, his attention and time. I didn’t demand for this before, but now, knowing that I only have a month to spare before I finally leave for another two year contract abroad; I wanted to spend more quality time with him. 
	I’ve only been to his office twice -  during their board members soiree and Christmas party. Though outside of work, I’ve met couple of his business partners and few board members which gave them a reason to know who really was “that girl’ whose Blaine’s been seeing. The need to be with him was growing inside of me, I wanted to spend a day or more exclusively with him – no phone calls, no emails and no emergency meetings; just me and him and nothing else. I needed Blaine now more than ever. Knowing that his work schedule wasn’t busy that day, I decided to surprise him by paying him a visit. I dressed well to look presentable in front of his staffs and of course him. I wanted to show him how special he really is to me. 
	I drove myself to his high rise office in Ayala, excited as ever. I cannot contain my happiness to see him again. I did not bother to call him nor his secretary to inform that I’ll be a paying a visit. I did even bring him his favourite choco-vanilla muffin and a cup of moccachinno coffee. It was only half past 10 in the morning when I came to his office and parked my car few meters away from his. I saw his car parked on its marked area, so I knew he was in his office that day. Walking down the long parking alley was like a day of hike, I cannot wait to be with him. I pressed the elevator button to his office’s floor and stood there with ever great of a smile. Here I come Blaine, I will give you the best kiss I always wanted to give this past few days. The elevator came into a halt a floor before his; a woman went inside looking surprised when she saw that she won’t be alone going up. Blaine’s office is on the top floor, so I anticipated that she might head to the same floor as I am. Despite the fact knowing that it’s only Blaine who’s occupying that floor, I did not bother to ask the woman about her purpose. Besides, she might be one of his business clients or associates; I don’t want to screw things up – especially not for my Blaine.
	The elevator door swung open on the top floor, the woman was hesitant to step out ahead of me, but I insisted that she go out first. She was indeed a good looking lady; a bit shorter than I am, her skin’s very fair and smooth -  not a blemish or dark spots to be found – her body looked perfect as if a model on a runaway. She has this beautiful set of dark brown eyes surrounded by long eye lashes and her lips were plump and full. She was a nice sight in deed. As she walked towards Blaine’s personal assistant, I noticed some awkwardness as she approached her.
	“Oh there you are Ms. Jasmine, Mr. Ricafort’s been asking me about you.”
	“Shhh Mindy, don’t you notice whose walking behind me?” I heard a hush sound with her voice that made me suspect that something’s not right in here. I demand to know what it was, right here and right now.
	I walked towards Mindy, plastering her with an innocent smile. I greeted her and asked her where Blaine is. Obviously, she was startled to see me in front of her. Jasmine – as the name I previously heard from Mindy -  was still standing beside me, now her gaze was on the floor. The eclectic woman I first saw inside the elevator suddenly seemed to be melting. Then I heard Blaine’s door swung open. I guess he didn’t notice that I was there.
	“Jasmine, there you are! You made me think you’re not interested on having lunch with me.” That voice; that sound of his voice reminded me the first time that we’ve met.
	“Oh! Did I come in a bad timing? Sorry Blaine, I didn’t know you were going out for lunch with, um what’s her name again? Jasmine? Right, her name’s Jasmine!” my voice sounded sarcastic but deep inside, I was fighting my tears of anger with what I heard he just said earlier. “Ah Mindy, here you can have this muffins and coffee too, I guess Mr. Ricafort won’t be interested with those since he’s going out for lunch.”
	“Wait, Jerry!”, obviously he was startled to see me.
	“Save yourself from humiliation Blaine. You don’t have to explain, I am not dumb not to know what’s going on in here!”
	I was hurt and I was angry! I was disappointed – with Blaine and most of all with myself. I never felt that bad, with Blaine and myself for quite some time; but now all hell came loose. I trusted him so much; I didn’t expect this; not now! He made a fool out of me, made me believe that he was too tied up with his work all the time. I was too patient, too naive with every short coming he had. I was too blinded by love, that I didn’t see this coming. Why do you have to do this to me Blaine? Why now?
						~0~0~0~0~
	Charlie was calling the whole day. Why him and not his brother? The balls of that man! He cannot face me so now his sending his brother for the rescue? What a shame he is! I hate them both! Charlie was persistent, he never gave up. He was calling me every minute of the day. But no, I won’t talk to you neither your brother!
	I felt betrayed by the one I truly loved and entrusted my heart. Now, he’s hurting me more by having his brother to call me and not him instead. I don’t know what’s with Charlie that he’s being stupid enough to follow his brother. Then finally he gave up on calling. Thank you Lord!
	Then I  received a message – from Blaine:
	Babe, I was wrong but please let me explain first. I was calling you using Charlie’s mobile since I knew you won’t answer the call if it’s from my number, but I guess it was pretty much dumb idea. Please babe, can we talk? I need to explain everything to you. Can I pick you up tonight for dinner? We really need to clear things out babe. I love you and always will. I’ll be waiting for your response.
	What the fuck is wrong with this guy? Now he is telling me that he loves me and wants to talk to me over dinner? The nerve! No! I don’t want to see you nor talk to you; you filthy lying bastard! Never! I didn’t answer his message; I am still hurting and the last thing I wanted to do is talk to him, and what more to see him. I am afraid that after seeing him, all my anger will just disappear like magic. No not this time around; he’d hurt me so much! Enough is enough!
						~0~0~0~0~
	He didn’t call again, nor sent me a message. He didn’t come over for dinner that night either. What a sincere apologetic guy he is, dumbass! I guess he already gave up. I was in pain; I love Blaine and in truth I cannot afford to lose him. But he hurt me too much; he broke my heart into tiny little pieces. But, life has to go on. Tomorrow’s another day.
	Days have passed and there was no sign of Blaine. Everyone’s been asking about Blaine’s sudden disappearance. I had to make a lie; I cannot tell them what really happened. Mom wasn’t even aware on how worse things were. I didn’t want her to feel bad about Blaine. I knew she liked him for me; and I cannot afford for her to hurt the way I am hurting now. I had to tell my family that Blaine’s out of town and very busy with their company. They bought my excuse, I guess. Since then nobody bothered to ask me again where Blaine was.
	The clock’s ticking and I’m almost running out of time. Still Blaine was missing in action. I wanted to call him, but a part of me was telling me no. I miss him, and I am missing him more and more each passing day. But, I guess we both had to move on; keep moving forward.

SURPRISE! SURPRISE!
	It’s been two weeks since the incident between me and Blaine. Since his last message I never heard anything from him. The first few days were devastating. I was deeply hurt. Then eventually, I learned to cope with the changes and cover some more lies for his sudden disappearance.
	Life has to move on. I started going out with friends I used to work with in Quezon City. Seeing them again was like a breath of fresh air. They knew what had happened between me and Blaine. They felt bad, but nevertheless they were supportive of my decision and cared for my feelings. That day, we decided to meet up for coffee and to catch up on things. 
	We decided to meet up at Starbucks in Gateway Mall; they were already seated on a table by the window when I came. Seeing them once again with beautiful smile on their faces made me forget about the pain I recently experienced. We ordered iced coffees, frap and whole bunch of sweets. For once I was able to forget about Blaine, the pain and my problems. They wanted me to be happy so they cheered me up. Little did I know, they had planned something behind my back. Geez, these people are good at these!
	I was surprised to see the ghost of my past! It’s Blaine! Damn it, of all people why him! Why now? Why here? He was approaching me! No! Don’t you dare do this to me Blaine! I hate you, remember? But who could resist him even if he’s on the simplest attire of faded jeans and emerald green tight fit shirt that hugs his pecs and broad shoulders. Oh Dear Lord why do You have to create a man like Adonis?
	“Hi beautiful, these are for you.” He handed me a huge bouquet of fresh Hollander red roses. They’re lovely – God, Blaine why do you have to punish me this way?
	I wanted to ignore him, but I can’t and I don’t want to make further scene. People were staring at us like we were filming a movie or something. My friends were in all smiles as Blaine stood in front of me and suddenly knelt down on one knee. Snap, what the hell is he doing now? He reached for his right faded jeans front pocket and took out a royal blue velvet box. He opened it, and to my great surprise:
	“Jerry, will you give me the honor to be your husband? Marry me please?” his eyes were definitely glued to mine.
	I stood up, disgusted, “are you out of your freaking mind Blaine? Now you’re asking me to marry you? The nerves you got in there!’
	Obviously he was shocked with my reaction. I thought he’ll lose his cool, but he didn’t. Instead, he stood up and made his voice louder.	
	“Will you marry me babe? I won’t stop doing this over and over again until you say yes. I mean it babe, I really do!”
	Is he going crazy? Now he’s making a whole lot of scene in public. Not here Blaine! But he was really determined. Everybody’s now watching us. I felt like I’m shrinking while all these people were obviously looking at us; definitely, they’re all waiting for my answer. Jesus Christ, Blaine, why do you have to make things harder for me?
	All my friends were telling me,” Go girl, say YES! You know you’re head over heels in love with Blaine” I shushed them; they’re not helping! 
	“Guys, you’re just making things worst you know? You’re not helping at all!”, I sound disgusted, but I saw them just laughing with my annoyed reaction.
	Blaine told them thanks and I looked at them. They were all smiles and waiting for my answer too. Once again, Blaine knelt on his knee and opened the box showing a white gold ring embellished huge blue diamond in the middle. It was lovely and for sure hell of an expensive one. He asked me again, for the third time.
	“Will you please get up Blaine, you look miserable and desperate!”, I took his hand and asked him to stand up.
	“No babe, I won’t. I won’t stand up until you say YES, I mean it babe.” He was dead serious; I could see it through his eyes.
	Why do you have to make things difficult for me? “Okay, but in one condition-“ he interrupted me even before I was able to finish what I was supposed to tell him.
	“ I promise, no more lies, secrets and most of all, you will always be my one and only. I love you babe!”
	Damn it Blaine, why do I love you this much? I forgot all my anger, and immediately kissed him, brushing my lips to his. I gave in and said YES to his proposal. It was sweet and amazing. Everyone was clapping, even the bystanders who happened to be our audience. My face became flushed but, I’ve never been this happy my whole life.
	“What made you think I’ll be saying yes huh, Mr. Ricafort?”, I whispered to his ear as I was being closely hugged by him.
	He smiled and softly whispered to my ear, “because I know you won’t be able to resist me, Mrs. Ricafort.” And before I was able to speak again, he scooped my face with both his hands and gave me a long and passionate kiss.
	Time seemed to stop as he was kissing me. I never wanted it to end, it felt good – I felt even better. I missed the taste of his sweetness, his lips, and the scent of his breath. I miss this man; I cannot live a life without him. Not now; not ever.
						~0~0~0~0~
	The news about our engagement spread out like an epidemic. All my relatives apparently knew about it; thanks to my ever overly excited mother who actually burst out of happiness after learning the good news. Well, she almost phoned every relative, close friend and even neighbor she could remember just to tell them about the news. It was pretty overwhelming yet embarrassing at the same time. Each passing moment that someone who knew or heard about my engagement to Blaine would either stop by to congratulate or ask how he had proposed whenever they get the chance to see me. Not that I’m getting annoyed, but answering the same old questions almost every waking moment of the day was getting pretty much tiring. I couldn’t blame mom, I guess she was just happy and excited about the news; well, being her only child – this kind of stuffs pretty much was normal.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Mom’s getting too much involved about the wedding. Honestly speaking, it was sweet and thoughtful of her; but geez mom, even Blaine and I haven’t really decided yet when and how would the wedding be. I just laugh it off or tell my mom to go ask Blaine with all the details whenever she squeezes all the possible details about the wedding out of my system. Well mom, I’m sorry but honestly speaking Blaine and I’s focus at the moment is to savor our engagement; we’re not rushing – really! She would either look at me disgustingly or smile. Not that I don’t want her to get involved with all the preparations, but for now, all I ever wanted is to enjoy this engagement – my engagement.
						~0~0~0~0~

PAST. PRESENT. FUTURE.
	It’s been a week now since Blaine asked me to marry him. Time seemed to fly so fast; yeah so fast I almost forgot I’m also leaving soon. Damn it; yeah I only have a week. What should I do? Blaine I need your help, babe. 
						~0~0~0~0~
	I’m off to the airport late in the afternoon, it’s my  first time to work abroad and be away from my family for 2 years. I didn’t feel anything; I was numb, not sure if I’m excited or simply apathetic. I don’t want to go, but I have to. I have to this for myself. I have to find my purpose, my reason of living, my independence. I wasn’t happy about this, nor was I sad; I just felt nothing.
	I boarded the plane heading for the country of my destination -  Saudi Arabia; I was silent the whole time, I cannot think, my mind was on blank state. I don’t know why I am here; why should I go there? But, I have no choice now, I am already here, so might as well take the risk. Two years will go easily, so as I believed. But, it wasn’t, it didn’t happen the way I imagined it to be. It was a struggle for the first few months; then I became numb again. I lived my life on autopilot. I sleep, eat, work, and then sleep again. For two years it was like that. My life was filled with monotony. I was like a living zombie.
	I was in a long distance relationship during that time. I was in the middle east and he was left in the Philippines. At first, things were doing just fine, but as the days, weeks, then months passed us by, things seemed to have changed. What happened with all the feelings that we had? Where the entire sparks of love go? All of a sudden, it gone aloof; almost zero. Do I miss him? Yes. Do I still love him? I don’t know.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Every woman craved for his attention, from his left to his right. He’s beautiful in all ways a woman can see. He was eligible; fantastic, influential, powerful and affluent. He had relationships, but never found any one to be serious with. He played with them; their emotions and sexuality. He’s good in everything a woman could possibly think. He can make you feel good even at your worst, can make you smile even at your darkest hour and most of all, he can give you a freaking hell of a night in bed with all your toes curled as you climax.
	He was like that; the ladies’ man. They crave for him – everything about him. His beauty, his presence and power. He has everything you need. But, does he really need all those to feel complete?
	Blaine Ricafort was once engaged to this beautiful woman who belongs to a family as powerful as his. They were match made in heaven as others would tell. But little to the pubic eye’s knowledge, everything was a fake; everything’s just for the sake of a huge business merger. Being the next in line in inheriting the highest position at Ricafort Industries, he was obliged to follow what his father’s decision were; to this it included sacrificing his personal affairs. He had to marry Jasmine Chong – the daughter of the Hong Kong Tycoon Henry Chong who apparently owns the Chong Pharmaceutical Company. Their marriage will definitely make the business ties stronger and the companies’ powers wider; over taking the entire globe as what they envisioned.
	Jasmine loved him whole heartedly, but Blaine never did. Even being in a relationship to her, he never settled down with just one woman. Jasmine knew all about this but cannot do anything to stop Blaine from doing all those stupidity. She was completely aware that Blaine would never love her the way she does for him. She almost gave up, but was afraid of what consequences their companies might face.
	Claire Ricafort was completely aware of her son’s feelings. Being his mother, she was aware that something’s not right. She wanted to ask him, but was too cautious. Blaine wanted to escape; he needed freedom. His mother would be capable of this, he simply knows. But how? 
	The night before the public announcement of their wedding, Blaine talked to Jasmine. He told him everything, no matter how ugly and upsetting it could be; still he had to do it. He told her the truth; and the truth hurts.
	“ I need time to think things over Jas, thing won’t work out between us. You know that no matter what you’d do, I will never learn to love you. I will only hurt you, and I don’t want to selfish, knowing that you’re too kind and nice for a guy like me. You deserve someone better Jas. I am sorry.”
	It was painful, yet she had to accept it. Crying herself to be sober, but she realized she had to be strong. She needed to face the truth and eventually her father, then the scrutinizing public. He wouldn’t like it, and she knows that their business merger would soon be likely next to nothing,
	The Ricafort – Chong wedding was soon called off and so was the merger. It was a drastic move for both companies, but what’s done is done. John Ricafort was disappointed to his son, but he cannot afford to disown him. His son was too good to let go for the business. He was completely aware that his eldest was far more capable than his other son with running their business. He eventually has to accept the truth; that money and power cannot buy anything – especially not love and happiness.
						~0~0~0~0~
	Two years had passed and I am back, with a new me back home, things definitely have changed. I felt better, I looked better and things as far as I was concern was at its best. I was happy with life, but not in love.
	Breaking up eventually from an unhealthy relationship was like a breath of fresh air. Meeting up someone and finally start a new relationship was the next on my list. I needed to find someone far more deserving than before, no, it wouldn’t be a rebound this time; this time it’s going to be for real and hopefully for keeps. Let’s take a risk, shall we?
						~0~0~0~0~
	She was there, standing, breathing air as if she was breathing her last. Even her breathing was a nice site to look at. She looked heavenly; beautiful in all ways. Long dark brown hair up to the middle of her back, long thick eye lashes and 6 ear piercings – great, this girl has a edgy side on her; interesting. Her body’s to die for, fit and well-toned, skin’s not too fair nor too white to be like Snow White’s, it was perfect. She’s tall, but not too tall to be intimidating. Blimey! She’s like sweet candy in the eyes; sinfully delicious.
	Will she run away when approached her? Should I go to her and introduce myself? But how? What to do? I’ve never been this way before, no, not with a woman. But what’s with her, why am I doubting myself this time? What’s wrong with you Blaine? But if I won’t try, I wouldn’t know the answer, so might as well give it a try. Here goes nothing. So help me God!
						~0~0~0~0~
	We’re officially engaged! Both our families were ecstatic about the news. Both our mom’s couldn’t be any happier. Though no business merger’s involved, none the less, passion and true love is. Wedding preparations were almost next on the list after Blaine and I finally decided for the wedding date. It going to be a month from today; oh wait what the hell? Next month? I’ll be leaving by next week; oh snap what just happened here? Why did I forget about my departure? Something’s definitely wrong; I have to fix this first before anything else. 
	I pulled out my mobile from my pocket and tried calling my agency to tell them I’m calling the contract off. I’m willing to pay to whatever amount they’ll be charging; I do have enough money saved to pay them. To no expense, they cannot do anything about it. Shit! What kind of agency are these people running? I have to go to plan B. I have to call my employers and tell them I’m calling this off. Fingers crossed, I dialled the hospital’s number. What should I say by the way? That I am getting married? Will they buy that as an acceptable excuse? No that’s to lame; they’ll just probably extend my vacation or else not mind about it all. What if I tell them I am sick, like sick, sick? No that would probably the lamest excuse I’d tell them; because I just passed my physical exam. Shit! I am panicking now. What to say? What to say? Ah, a dearly relatively of mine’s gravely ill, almost dying. But who? A grandmother perhaps? Fine, let’s go with that, besides my grandmother’s been long in the grave anyway, so I guess she wouldn’t mind bringing her up again for an excuse. Sorry grams but I have to do this. Oh please God, help me through this. Then there it was the ringing just stop; here goes nothing!
	I had to lie so badly that I even forced a cry just to sound so convincing. It was difficult; I have to stick on a good ploy, I mean I have to have a good running story. It wasn’t that easy to convince this people, but worst comes to worst I really need to call things off. It took me sometime before I finally convinced them. They weren’t happy about it, but there’s nothing else they could do. I guess I sounded pretty much convincing that they finally gave in. well, my acting was good enough, I guess; or I was just damn lucky this time.
	Now, the dreading problem of going back to KSA’s finished; next stop -  weddingville.
						~0~0~0~0~
	“Did you like the ring Iha?
	I was surprised with the question, “Oh yes Tita, it’s very lovely. Blaine indeed has a very fine taste.”
	“Good, I’m very happy you liked it. You see Jerry, that ring originally belonged to Blaine’s great, great  grandmother. It was her engagement ring and was passed on generations. I was happy to hand it to Blaine when he told me he’s asking you to marry him.” her smile was genuinely sweet and full of motherly love.
	I was surprised with what I’ve learned about the ring and how precious it really was. I was teary eyed learning the rich history of this ring I am wearing. I thanked Tita Claire for letting me have this ring, and kissed her on her cheeks; thank you Lord for giving me a loving fiancé and a very accepting in laws.  A family’s history behind this lovely ring; how fascinating. But, as I remembered, Blaine got engaged before; so does that mean his ex-fiancée had also worn this? I need to know, but how?
						~0~0~0~0~
	At dinner, I couldn’t help myself to look on my engagement ring. Blaine was also looking at me; maybe wondering what my thoughts were during that time.
	“Is there something wrong babe? You don’t seem to be jolly tonight?”
	How should I start this? I cleared my throat and gave Blaine a warm a smile before I spoke. “No babe, everything’s fine, it’s just that  earlier your mom and I talked and she had mentioned to me the story about this ring”, now I was staring back to my engagement ring, “it’s just that I was wondering if you happen to give this ring to your, uhm you know, your ex-fiancée too? I knew I sounded stupid that time, but I really have to know; just to give me a peace of mind, for God’s sake.
	He smiled then held my hand, stroking his thumb on the back of my hand, “I knew you’d someday know about the story of that ring, and the answers no. No babe, I didn’t give her that ring. Mom didn’t let me have it and I didn’t feel like giving it to her either.” I was shocked but delighted with his revelation.
	“But I thought, it’s passed through generations to the eldest male who’ll get married?”, I was holding my tears now; tears of joy perhaps.
	“ Yeah, that’s how it’s supposed to be, but mom never liked Jasmine to be my wife; friend yes, but wife, no.” he was looking straight to my eyes now. I felt like melting.
	So it only meant his mother really likes me. Wow that’s nice! I smiled and squeezed his hand, he did the same. The dinner was amazing; I felt like a princess or maybe a queen. God, I’m so lucky to be soon hitched with this fine of a man, thank you Lord! Blaine kissed me so ever passionately, I felt like fireworks exploding in the silent evening sky. It was great; but Blaine coming to my life was the greatest thing ever happened to my then roller coaster hell of a life.
						~0~0~0~0~
	I didn’t know how the press knew about Blaine’s engagement to me. Well, I cannot question the fact that my soon to be husband’s quite a catch, plus he was then named one of the most powerful and influential bachelors in Asia. Once was engaged to a Hong Kong business tycoon’s daughter was never easy on the eyes; but now he’s once again engaged -  engaged to me, a simple nurse whose family wasn’t as powerful as his nor his ex’s. 
	The public went ballistic about the news; everybody wants to know who’s the girl who stole his heart. I am not ready for this! All my life, all I ever wanted was to blend in with the crowd, not to be in the center of it. What to do? What to do? I need help!
	Blaine knew how uncomfortable I was when we went public about announcing our engagement. I wasn’t born for this, but he was. What should I do? I don’t want to make a fool out of myself in front of the thousands of people anticipating this announcement. 
	“Should I really be there when you announce our engagement in public?”, I sounded definitely stupid but what can I girl do when she really is in panic?
	He looked directly into my eyes then brushed my cheeks with the back of his hand, “Of course babe, I want them to know my beautiful fiancée who swept me off my feet.”
	Oh, my Blaine’s really a keeper. I don’t know why, but there’s something about him that always makes me feel good when I don’t feel to be at my best. He’s the perfect choice and decision I ever made in my life.
						~0~0~0~0~
	The public was pretty much accepting on the announcement. Few questions were asked, but mostly about our plans. Oh yeah by the way, do we really have plans for the future? Well we haven’t really talked about it though.
	What’s waiting for me in the future, I don’t really know. I have no idea at all; except for one thing -  I’ll be one of those stay at home Ricafort wife. Should I be happy with that or bothered?
						~0~0~0~0~
WHAT ABOUT JASMINE?
	Jasmine Chong -  the uber wealthy daughter of the Hong Kong business tycoon Henry Chong; who also happened to be Blaine’s ex-fiancée. I met or rather saw her once in Blaine’s office. She was the beautiful lady I was with inside the elevator. But why’d she acted that way when she saw me? What’s going on? Is there something I need to know?
	I don’t want to look like a stalker nor like someone who doesn’t trust her, but there’s something in my gut feeling that’s telling me that there’s something I need to know. But how? Should I ask Blaine? No; that might offend him, thinking that I don’t trust him. How about Charlie? Bad idea; for sure he’ll just tell his brother about me snooping around. Does their mom or dad know something? I doubt that they do. Mindy instead? Nah, I don’t know her that well to ask her this type of questions. I am desperate here, who should I ask? Should I ask Jasmine herself? 
	Asking Jasmine wasn’t really a brilliant idea, but I had no choice. I have to do this, or forever I’ll be having doubts and questions on the back of my mind. But how could I ask her not sounding interrogative? We weren’t even acquainted at all. Ah bummer, why do this things have to be difficult?
	Like a blessing in disguise, I suddenly saw Jasmine Chong walking towards the coffee shop where I was. Thank you Jesus Christ, You are a savior! Will she see me? I hope she does. But if she doesn’t shall I call her out or just approach her instead? Oh God, why are these things becoming a challenge? I need to compose myself if ever she’d approach me or the other way around. Don’t panic Jerry! Don’t freaking panic!
	She saw me; I just knew it; she saw me. Was she smiling at me or  was I  just imagining things? I kept on questioning myself; I didn’t notice she was approaching me now. Shit! She’s heading towards me. Before I knew it, she was sitting in front of me.
	“Hi, I hope you don’t mind sharing tables, do you?” she was smiling at me, obviously waiting for my answer. God, she looked lovelier today than the first time I saw her.
	I flashed her a big smile, “no, of course not, I’d love to have company.” I think I sounded a little pathetic there, but who cares. 
	She was smiling when he offered me her left hand, a gesture of hello I guess. “I’m Jasmine, I knew you already saw me at Blaine’s office and as far as I know, things didn’t go well the first time we met.”
	Geez lady, you don’t have to remind me about that! I took her hand and shook it then smiled again, “Oh about that, I’m really sorry, I knew it was quite a dumb gesture.” Wait why am I apologizing to this woman I barely even known?
	“You see Ms. Nishi, I went there to ask Blaine for something important, not actually business related though; so instead of talking inside his office he asked me out for lunch, for old time’s sake according to him.”
	I felt my face flushed, maybe because of humility, ”please call me Jerry, Ms. Nishi’s quite too formal”, we laughed then she told me to just call her Jas instead. 
	She was a nice lady, actually I enjoyed her company. I never imagined that we’ll get along in a snap. She told me the reason why she was there that day I went crazy mad at Blaine; no one can blame me – it’s not my fault I suspected my fiancé. Well, sometimes being naïve won’t hurt; if she’s planning something against me, it’s all up to her. Besides, I won already; I have Blaine and his family’s sympathy and his mom gave me her engagement ring. Could she be a threat?
						~0~0~0~0~
	Blaine and I were supposed to meet at the resto-bar across his office building for dinner and a little planning about the wedding. I haven’t told him about my good news; first I am no longer leaving then second, Jasmine and I had a nice conversation over coffee earlier. I was damn excited to tell him all those things.
	It was quarter passed 8pm and still no sign of Blaine. We were supposed to meet around 7:30, and as far as I know, Blaine is type of person who never gets late. But what just happened? I tried to call him several times, but he seemed to be so busy to pick it up. I am getting anxious about this. There’s something going on that isn’t right. But what could it be?
	I cannot wait any longer. Waiting for him makes me more anxious as the time goes by. Where could the hell he be? God, Blaine, don’t make me go out there storming in your office. I am having all these sort of weird feelings inside my gut. Something’s just not right, I knew it. I have to go there; now!
							~0~0~0~0~
	“ Blaine, stop! Enough already, will you? “
	“ Just let me see it again, please? I promise this would be the  last.”
	That voice, I knew I’ve heard that female’s voice. Damn it! It’s Jasmine’s voice! That conniving bitch! The nerve she had when she befriended me earlier; I knew it! She damn made a fool out of me, and now she’s flirting with Blaine. Yeah right, so as Blaine’s damn flirting with her too! I’ll kill them both! I want to kill them!
	Anger overtook me as I heard their voices inside Blaine’s office. My gut feeling was right, something wrongs going on, and apparently Blaine forgot all about our dinner. Thanks to this Jasmine; my fiancé totally forgot about me. I need to go inside; I don’t care if I caught them with whatever they’re doing. For now, all I ever wanted to do’s catch them on the spot.
	Angry as ever, I stormed to Blaine’s office and flung open his office door. To my surprise, “what the hell do the two of you think you’re doing?” obviously my voice was full of anger, rage to be exact.
	The two of them were obviously surprised with their unexpected visitor, until Blaine spoke, “ oh babe, hi; sorry I know we were supposed to meet up for dinner but Jasmine here came and – “ before Blaine was able to finish his sentence Jasmine interrupted her. I see that both of them were fully clothed, so what were they doing earlier?
	“Look Jerry, it’s not what you think Blaine and I were doing, see I came here to show him the designs for your wedding rings. Well apparently, Mr. Nice Guy here wanted to keep it a secret from you. He wanted to surprise you! Well I guess we won’t be able to keep it a secret from you anymore, since well, you caught us red handed.”, Jasmine and Blaine were laughing now.
	I felt stupid and I wanted to disappear from where I was standing. Damn, I sure looked stupid and I felt my face become hot. But before I could start talking, Blaine walked towards me and gave me a huge bear hug then kissed the tip of my nose. That was amazing and I felt secured.
	‘I’ll leave you to lovebirds alone, okay? And Jerry, I am so sorry if you thought that you know, me and Blaine” she paused and showed me her left ring finger, “I myself is married, few months back, so no need for you to worry.” she flashed me a smile then left. I apologized for my behaviour earlier then she looked back from her shoulder to give me a nod of acceptance.
	I faced my fiancé, looking as stupidly shy and apologetic as ever. Instead of letting me talk again, he brushed lips with mine, first soft then hard and passionate. From where we’re standing, I wanted to rip off all his clothes. The feeling of being in his office was erotic at that time for make-up sex. 
	I removed my lips from his then whispered to his ear, “ I think I am no longer hungry babe, let’s skip dinner, shall we?”
	I saw a twinkle in his eyes then kissed me again, but softer this time, “I like the sound of that babe!” Before I knew it Blaine scooped me up from the floor and walked towards his office door. It’s going to be a long night tonight.


AS HOT AS IT GETS
	I cannot remember how fast Blaine drove that night heading to his condo unit. It felt like we’ve flown from his office to his home. God, what just happened? All I knew was, here we are inside the confines of his condo, hot and horny as ever. I cannot help it anymore, the sight of Blaine’s butt in front me was so enticing, I cannot help but stare at his sexy back.
	I was startled when I heard him speak, “enjoying the view, babe?”
	I smiled then stood up and walked my way towards my sexy man, I managed to remove his coat, then his tie followed by his shirt but I left his pants on, “yeah babe, it’s definitely one hell of a view,” then I gave him a lingering kiss. I wanted to unbuckle his pants but his hands held mine. He looked into my eyes, and damn those big round eyes are gorgeous! I felt drowning amongst those browns.
	“I love you babe, and always will, forever! But, I think you are being unfair,” the reaction on my face definitely changed. Unfair? Me? Huh? I don’t get it! I knew he read my facial reaction then kissed me again before he spoke, “see babe, you managed to undress me, but you are still fully clothed! Hmm I guess I have to get rid these, and these and yeah let’s leave these first, I have better plans on how to remove them off of you!” his voice was naughty but sexy at the same time. The next thing I knew, I was only in my bra and panties. Damn, Blaine’s hands were surely quick!
	He swept me off my feet and carried in his arms. I was amazed with his strength, he lifted my like a baby and carried me to his room. His bed was huge, king sized perhaps, enveloped with fluff pillows and the sheets were crisp and white. Damn, even his room’s as beautiful as this man. Yey, I am such a lucky girl.
	He laid me on my back and pinned my wrists with his huge hands, he surely was strong. He was kissing me everywhere, and every kiss that fell on my skin was like sending fire to my whole body. I felt his lips touching the top of my bosoms and with just a second he was able to unsnap the hook of my bra. I didn’t get shy knowing that my breasts were now fully exposed; he looked into my eyes then turned his attention on my now hardened nipples. He nipped one then played the other with his thumb. That sent shivers into my spine and I arched my back to make him suck my nipples harder. I felt my arousal building up, down below between my thighs. I felt his arousal as well, hitting my abdomen. I unbuckled his belt and removed his pants; I was amazed with the site I am seeing now; a huge bulk of hardened manhood underneath his briefs. I stroked it from the outside and I heard him moan with pleasure. I stroke his rippled abdomen and tracing a line of dark hair only disappearing underneath the waistband. I knew from what I felt that Blaine’s a big one -  I mean literally. I wanted to remove his briefs but he held my hand and entwined them with his’. I felt his warm breath to my ears and whispered, “let me pleasure you first babe”, it was sexy and lustful at the same time. I felt him lower his mouth again, giving me butterfly kisses everywhere. I moaned of pleasure as he sucked and pulled my nipples while tracing my navel then down below. He showed his way to my now soaking numb with his mouth. He removed my panties using his teeth and I barely lift my hips just to give him passage while removing my panties completely. I felt fully exposed, yet I felt safe knowing that it was Blaine I was with. He parted my thighs to give him a better look of my female part, he licked my inner thigh, sending me electric shock throughout my whole body. He parted my lady lips and sucked, first softly then harder as he felt me tighten. Out of too much pleasure, I cannot help to lift my hips meeting every licking and sucking he gave me. I felt something building up in my abdomen; I knew I’m about to cum. I held his hair and he knew I was about to explode; he licked and sucked even harder this time. Then, there it was, my love juice spilled all over his face; our eyes met and it surely was erotic. I gave him a soft smile then closed my eyes. Blaine laid beside me, his face staring to me. I gave him a soft kiss as I opened my eyes.
	“Thanks babe, you’re amazing. I love you”
	He smiled and kissed me back, “Now it’s your turn babe to return the pleasure,” he sounded naughty and that made me want him more.
	I kissed his face, licked his ears then nibbled his neck. I love doing that to him, knowing that his very ticklish on those parts. I gave soft kisses on his chest and licked my way down his abs; it was heaven but felt like whole lot of hell because of too much heat. I felt his manhood throb; excitement I guess. But God, I felt him become bigger this time than the first time I touched it. I looked at him and he gave me naughty grin. He looked sexy as ever. I licked his manhood from the outside of his briefs, and that made him moan and grabbed my hair. I wanted to tease him more but I myself cannot help it anymore. I removed his briefs, sliding them slowly until totally gone. I was right he was a biggie! I wondered if it will fit both my lips without giving me the pain of a lifetime; but there’s only one way to find out. I licked the tip of his rod and slowly wrapped my fingers over his shaft sliding them slowly. He grabbed my hair even more and jerked inside my mouth. I felt powerful knowing that I was able to give him so much pleasure; so I sucked faster and deeper enveloping his manhood with my moist mouth. I felt his balls tighten signalling he was about to cum. He stopped me from sucking him, and I knew why. Instead, I positioned myself above him, giving him a better sight of my now bouncing breasts. I slid slowly, feeling his manhood filling my every lady parts. I felt great, and so he was. I thrust slowly and him meeting mine, it was heaven on earth. The thrusting became harder and harder occasionally doing some pretty muscle control to add some erotic pleasure. As we knew were about to hit orgasm, he turned me over, not even pulling out of me, it was amazing. I was now moaning louder and breathing heavier. I am about to cum again, and I felt him banging me harder this time that his bed almost squeaks for mercy. I heard him give a loud moan when he came, filling my insides with his seeds. I came also the same time as he did. We lay down facing each other, our breathing, heavy but with smiles on our lips. He kissed me again and told me he love me so much, and so did I. 	
	All of a sudden, something hit me, “oh no babe, I totally forgot, I am fertile this week!”, the sound of my voice was between panic and confusion. I held my gaze to his eyes, and suddenly he gave me a soft smile.
	“That sounds good. Hmm since you said you’re fertile, why not let’s try it again to make sure?” 
	I cannot help myself but laugh; first I was frantic knowing that I was too horny earlier I totally forgot about my cycle and now here I am again opening my legs for my fiancé. I cannot remember how many times we did it that night. We literally skipped the whole dinner thing and now so were drowned with lust. We slept almost with few hours to spare before the sun rose. But who cares if it’s not a weekend and he has work in the morning? Besides, he’s the chairman of the company so he can have all the time in the world.
	We woke up a bit late in the morning, found him spooned behind me. I felt something hard hitting my back; he still has a hard on despite the evening’s action. I kissed the tip of his nose, “hmmm seems someone’s still ready for action”, I held his hard throbbing manhood and stroked it gently. 
	“I like it when you’re fertile babe, you become more and more ferocious!” he immediately burst into laughter and then he softly bit my lower lip. 
	We spent the whole day in bed just cuddling then eventually making love. We only stopped to rest for a while; to either use the bathroom or feed ourselves, then return to the deed again.
	That day I felt closer to Blaine and I knew he felt the same way too. I am safe with him, I know. Plus, I am excited what could our sexually intense passionate action might give us in the future.


BOUNCING BUNDLE OF JOY
	Only two weeks left before our wedding. I am pretty much excited for that day to come. Both our parents were delighted about the upcoming big day. Everything’s been planned and going well and on schedule. Every night, Blaine and I make it a point to have dinner together since I’ve moved in with him at his condo and plan things further about our wedding. Although everything’s polished and planned, we need to check and re-check things; well I am pretty much the hands on bride. 
	Blaine and I were supposed to have a dinner the night with Jasmine to confirm the further details for wedding rings and its arrival; but all of a sudden I felt sick. I haven’t been sick for a while, and believe me this was nasty. I felt like my head’s going to explode from too much pain and throbbing, adding the excruciating blurring of vision and the world around me seems to spin 360 degrees add the terrible retching sensations. I told Blaine about it and he was terrified of the bad news. He lifted me from the couch I was seating and stormed outside to bring me to his car. He then dialled Jas’ number and heard him apologize to Jas over for suddenly cancelling our meeting that night and told her I wasn’t feeling well. I really felt terrible about the sudden cancellation of the final meeting for our rings – since I was really looking forward to know the final details for our rings - but I was really sick that night. I sat inside Blaine’s car; eyes closed. He drove us to the nearest hospital from his condo unit. I was rushed to the emergency room and was examined by the attending physician on duty. Blaine was too nervous and kept of pacing which made me feel dizzier as I watch him, eventually I have to send him out to the waiting area; seeing him panic in front of me won’t even help ease what I am currently feeling. Physical assessment was done, and then few questions were asked.
	“Do you suspect of being pregnant Ms. Nishi?”
	“Not that I’m aware, but my monthly period’s quite delayed, although this usually happens before so I never suspect of being pregnant.”, my voice was quite weak from the pain I was terribly suffering from.
	The doctor ordered to run some random blood test which includes a pregnancy serum test just to be sure in case I’d need some strong medications. I wasn’t really surprised since I knew its part of the routine, but a part of me was really anxious. I’ve asked the nurse on duty to let my fiancé come by my side that instance; well he needs to know about the tests they’re running to me.
	“They asked me about suspecting pregnancy, babe I don’t know but what if - ?” before I was able to finish my sentence Blaine spoke.
	“It would be a great thing babe! I hope you are – “, I felt the excitement from his voice, “ and hope it’s a boy!”
	I smiled though feeling weak and gave him hand a soft squeeze. 
	The doctor came back few minutes after they took my blood sample; with her were the results. Apparently, my serum levels were in normal range, thank God!
	“I presume you are Ms. Nishi’s fiancé? “, she gestured a look to Blaine then looked back at me, “well I have a good news for the two of you.”
	A good news? What could it be? I looked at Blaine’s facial reaction; there’s something in his look that made me feel calm and a bit okay, although I still felt drowsy. 
	“Congratulations to both of you, Ms. Nishi here’s expecting! She’s on her 2nd week of pregnancy. That would probably explain why she suddenly felt sick.”
	My God, I am 2 weeks pregnant! Blaine couldn’t help his happiness and gave me a soft kiss. He was so thrilled to learn his going to be a father! I was delighted too about the news, but there was a part of me that was scared. What would our families say when they learn about it? They’d be happy of course, but some might think it’s the reason why we suddenly decided to get married. Well it really wasn’t part of the plan, but I guess we could call it an advance wedding gift.  All of a sudden I felt better; knowing that we’ll be a having an addition to our family; a bouncing bundle of joy!
	After clearing our bill, I was discharged from the hospital. Blaine held me even closer now and guided me back to his car heading back home. I could see the smile from Blaine’s face; he seemed to glow – perhaps because of knowing that he’s going to be a dad soon. I couldn’t help but smile seeing how happy my dearest Blaine that time. 
	He held my left hand kissed the back of my palm, “babe, tonight’s the best night ever! Shall we tell our parents about the news?”
	I squeezed his hand over mine and looked at his way, “ let’s keep it a surprise for everyone babe; let’s just announce it on our wedding!”
	“I like that babe!”

WE’RE GOING TO CHAPEL AND WE’RE GONNA GET MARRIED
	This is it, the day we have all been waiting for. Today’s the big day Blaine and I will start a new beginning with our lives as husband and wife. Only few hours to spare before we say “I do” and I am excited and a bit nervous; I felt like millions of butterflies were roaming around my stomach. I miss Blaine too; it has been three days since the last time I saw him; sad to say I had to go back home with my mom prior to our wedding. Well, apparently our folks still believe with the old peoples’ beliefs -  that a couple to be married shouldn’t be seeing each other before the wedding -  well it should only be the day of the wedding they shouldn’t be seeing , but our parents I guess were pretty much overreacting. We find it a dumb idea, but what else can we do besides from following our folks; argument won’t bring us good luck. 
	It was still early in the morning, but everyone seems to be so busy. The wedding won’t even be starting until early this evening, but everyone’s seems to be in rush. Everyone’s up and about, moving here and there, bringing things over a place to the other. Blaine and I chose the Ricafort estate in Tagaytay City for our wedding ceremony - a massive acre of land on a top of a valley, with a huge ranch and a grand mansion in the middle of vast greens and blooms of different shades and kinds to roam around for everyone to adore. Since we only invited those who dearly are near to us, the estate will surely be filled with a homecoming feeling to everyone. Only close relatives and friends were invited; no press people, no business alliances other than those who’ll be the principal sponsors and of course the board members of the Ricafort Industries. Only our closest friends were invited too, college friends, my friends from work, Blaine’s colleagues, James my MMA instructor and of course our beloved Jasmine and her businessman husband Luis Kwan who happens to be as stunning as her.
	The estate was a nice scene for the eyes; flowers surrounded the area, with white chairs both in each side of an aisle - a white carpet with scattered pink and red rose petals in the middle. It was perfect! The weather was nice too; the cool breeze and warm touch of the sun seemed to come along with this very special day and for sure the evening’s going to be a bit cooler since it’s already October. The caterers were all busy on the other side of the estate fixing the veranda which will serve as the buffet area. On one side of the spacious garden; the caterers together with the wedding planner placed or special table – covered with ivory cream colored linen surrounded by pink and white roses, lilies and gerberas. Every guest’s tables were also covered with the same colored linens and with flowers, gems and scented candles of blues, pinks and lavender shades. Everything’s lovely. Perfect!
						~0~0~0~0~
	That day, I knew Blaine’s busy also and having a personal groomer this time around, I bet everything’s going take a lot more time. I have no idea of what color his tuxedo will be, he wanted to keep it a surprise from me. That’s one thing I like and hate about him – he likes too much surprises. I know he’ll look as good as always, anyway, for me he is the most perfect man my eyes laid on, ever in this entire world.
	I myself have my own assistants; from makeup and hair artist, to someone who’ll dress me to then accompany me going down the stairs. The ladies – including my mom, mama Claire (as she wanted me to call her now), Alie - my bridesmaid – who happened to file an emergency leave from work and flew in from London just for this big event, and me stayed in the Ricafort estate’s huge mansion; while the gentlemen – my step-father, papa John, Charlie – his’ best man and Blaine stayed at the Ricafort home in Forbes. They surely made us not to sneak out to see each other with that much of a distance and guards.
						~0~0~0~0~
	The sun was almost setting and few hours from now, shall we say our “I do’s”. I am getting more and more excited but the butterflies were surely still there and I guess won’t go away until few more hours today. Blaine phoned me to tell me how excited he was. I told him I missed him so much and can’t wait to see him tonight. I was holding my tears; afraid to ruin my makeup – of course I have to look my best tonight!
						~0~0~0~0~
	7pm, this is it! Mom gave me a soft kiss and a huge hug, so did mama Claire before they stepped out of the room. I am nervous, honestly! Then there was a soft knock on the door before it opened; there I saw Jasmine with a small box in her hand. I motioned her to come in and gave her a soft peck on her cheeks. She looks lovely as always.
	“Excited? Jerry, I wanted to give you this”, she handed me the box she was holding earlier.
	I opened the box, only to see a lovely white gold charm bracelet with Blaine and mine’s initials. It was definitely the most beautiful bracelet I have ever seen. She removed it from the box and wore it to my wrist.
	“This is my special gift to you, I gave Blaine one also same as this, just a little thicker of course,” then she gave a soft giggle, “I wanted you both to have something more in common, other than deep love from each other and of course the fabulous wedding rings I created for you lovebirds, “ her tone was sweet, caring and oh so jolly. I gave her a huge hug and kissed her again. She patted me goodbye and told me that we’ll see each other a little later.
	My step father came inside the room to fetch me once Jasmine stepped out; I wanted him to walk me down the aisle -  well he is the closest father figure I ever had since my real dad left me. He held my arm to escort me out of the room to the garden. I made a deep breath, and then walked with him with a smile on my face.
						~0~0~0~0~
	There he was, my handsome groom standing at the end of aisle, waiting for his bride. God, he looked ravishing! Wait a minute, his hair! He cropped it short, as in cut his long tresses to a short tousled sexy way. My God he looked sexier this time. He wore a silver grey three piece custom made Armani tuxedo with a charcoal grey inner shirt and coral white neck tie. He looked like a model out of the latest GQ magazine; powerful, strong yet 100% gentleman. He was smiling as I walked down the aisle. Our guests were all in their feet as I started to walk down the aisle. The sound of strings quartet were playing a soft music as I took the path; the feeling was surreal. I saw my mom with tears in her eyes, oh and mama Claire too. Papa John and Charlie were standing next to Blaine, they all look so good – I wonder if our bundle of joy will also have their good genes – most definitely!
	I was holding my tears – tears of joy -  as I was walking. I never felt this happy, complete and loved by man in my entire life – not until Blaine came along. By the end of the aisle in the middle of us, stood Fr. Brown, who’ll officiate our lifetime bonding. My step dad handed me to Blaine and shook his hand after, then gave me a soft kiss on my cheeks. It was sweet seeing two males being cordial to each other.
						~0~0~0~0~
	I couldn’t really remember what Fr. Brown’s words were. I was so overwhelmed with everything’s that’s going on around me. Blaine and I wanted to write our own wedding vows to make it more special. The vows will be recited when we’re to wear our rings. It was Blaine who’ll be first to tell his vows. 
	“Babe, you are the best thing that came into my life. My life was in ruins before you came and you turned it upside down, of course in a good way. You rescued me from the dark and brought me to light. You give me strength when I feel weak, you bring me joy on times of grief and most of all you are the answered prayer of my life. Your voice is like sweet music to my ears, your smile brightens my day and your love’s the oxygen that I breathe. I promise to love you, forever, until my last breath. I will and always be faithful to you, because you are and always will be my one and only. Thank you for being my friend, my critic, my partner and better half. I will always be your friend, your husband and father to our future children. Never will be a day that I will stop from loving you, even in the afterlife. You will always be, my one great love.”
	As he slid the ring to my finger, I cannot help but to cry. I was touched with his vows; I never thought Blaine could be that expressive – especially in front of these lots of people. Obviously, many were brought to tears also by his vows. It was perfect! It’s like music to my ears, and I can play it over and over again without getting tired of listening to it. 
	As I held Blaine’s hand and stared into his brown eyes, I told him my vows:
	“Babe, the moment I saw you, I knew that you are the one I have been waiting for all my life. You gave me the reason to live life to its fullest; you are my anchor, my better half, my best friend, and soon be the father of my children. Thank you for always loving me unconditionally, for understanding my mood swings, for accepting me for who I am and who I am not. I promise to be your friend, your confidant, your best critic and most of all, the best mother for our future children. I knew God had His reasons why you and I met on that day; He had a plan for both of us – to be at each other’s side; to protect, understand and to be each other’s better half. I cannot imagine my life without a Blaine by my side; to give me the happiness, the strength, the encouraging words and most of all the reason to smile even on days I don’t feel like. I will always love you until the day I die. I will always be here to listen, to understand and give you the strength you need. I promise to be the best wife and mother to our children, ever; I will and always will love you unconditionally, as long as we both shall live. Forever and a day, shall we stay forever. I promise not to hurt you nor give you heartache.  You will and always be my first and last true love, even in the afterlife. I love you babe.”
	I was in tears as I was reciting my vows to Blaine. I knew everyone’s speculating about our vows; we kept on mentioning about being parents; I mean, yeah it’s no question about having kids, but the thing was, it seemed to be so soon. No one knew about my pregnancy; we planned to keep it as a surprise to everyone until tonight on the recepetion. The ceremony has ended, and everyone cheered. Blaine and I walked hand in hand heading to the reception area. I felt like floating on cloud nine – now being Mrs. Blaine Ricafort and soon, mothering to his first child. I never imagined being this smitten to a guy, until Blaine came into my life. The feeling was surreal; the emotions - overflowing; the love – overpowering. 
						~0~0~0~0~
	Blaine and I had our first dance being officially Mr. and Mrs. Ricafort; he held me close to his body, his eyes glued onto mine. I felt his strength as he held my hands to his; I knew he felt my submission to him. He smiled then he softly brushed his lips to mine. Richard Poon serenades us while we’re dancing; with our favourite song, I’ll Take Care of You playing as the newly wed couples’ song; it was perfect for the occasion. It was Charlie’s wedding surprise for us since he knew how much Blaine and I love Richard Poon’s music. Mr. Big Band Crooner serenades us almost the whole time we’re on the dance floor. Our family and friends were all in smiles and I knew how our parents felt that time – happiness and love. My step father walked over the dance floor to have his dance with me, so Blaine handed me to him. I felt how delighted my step dad, knowing that finally the right guy came along into my life. Then the dance was followed by papa John and Charlie. I kissed Charlie’s cheeks then gave him a huge bear hug thanking him for his gift. He kissed me back then smiled and then gave my husband a two thumbs up gesture. These two big boys do really get along so well. I wish someday my children will also be like these men in my new life. I am very thankful for having the Ricaforts as a new addition to my life.
	Blaine asked my mom to dance with him, and then followed by his mom. Seeing both our families become one, was beautiful. Jasmine was also asked by Blaine to dance with him, and then Jasmine’s husband danced with me. Both Blaine and I owe Jasmine for designing our beautiful wedding rings -  white and yellow gold mixture with blue diamonds as intricate details; with words forever and always delicately engraved inside of each ring. Our rings will never be the same as anybody according to Jasmine since she custom made them only for us on our very special day.
						~0~0~0~0~
	“Blaine, please take care of my Jerry as I took care of her. When you asked for my daughter’s hand for marriage; it wasn’t easy for me, she’s my one and only child, but I’ve always known that one of these days she’ll have to live a life of her own. I never doubted you for her, I saw how you adore and love my daughter and I believe that she made the right choice.” My mother’s voice was obviously nervous and I knew that she was holding back her tears as she gave Blaine her message. “My dear Jerry, love Blaine whole heartedly and please don’t give him a hard time figuring out your mood swings. I believe that the both of you deserve one another. Be the best wife as you could be to your husband. Love him until the end as you loved him from the beginning. You know whom to call, son, when your wife gives you a hard time ok? Your papa and I will always be here for the both of you whenever you need us”
	I was crying and laughing by the time mom ended her message for me and Blaine. Mom can be both a comedic and dramatic parent at the same time. Blaine wiped the tears from my eyes with his thumb and gave me a soft kiss. I love it when he does that, I felt more and more secured with him around. My husband stood up to give my mom a hug and kissed her, “Thanks mom for trusting me with Jerry”, I heard him as he told my mother his kind words of appreciation.
	“My beautiful Jerry, welcome to our family! Your mama Claire and I were very thrilled when Blaine asked us for the engagement ring; we knew that Blaine made the perfect choice. Son, take care of this precious lady, who’s now your wife; love her, support her and protect her with all your might. Whenever the two of you encounters a problem, talk about it right away and don’t let it pass you by the night. If you’ll need some space to clear the clatter, make sure that by the end of the day everything’s back to what you have begun – love. And son, your mom and I are waiting for our first grandchild, okay? Can you make it quicker?” papa John’s message was sweet, funny and thoughtful at the same time.
	After hearing his dad’s request of having a grandchild right away, Blaine looked at me with a playful grin as if asking me for my approval about announcing our big news. I smiled and gave him a soft nod. He held my hand as he supported me while walking in the middle of the floor. We need a good spotlight for this great news. We weren’t nervous to announce the news, but more of excitement over filled us. Blaine looked at me first before he spoke.
	“Four weeks ago, no one knew that I rushed Jerry to the emergency room because she felt sick. Thinking that she was really ill, I rushed her like a bolting swift of light. Later that night we learned that my wife wasn’t really sick but rather expecting.” Blaine’s voice was filled with delight and excitement. I saw how our parents’ facial reactions were – obviously a mixture of excitement and surprise. “Yes, we’ll soon be parents, my wife’s on her sixth week of pregnancy and yes dad you’ll soon have a grandchild!”, ending his speech with laughter.
	Blaine once again gave me a lingering kiss then everything’s history. I only know that Blaine and this little bundle of joy’s the best thing that ever came into my once clatter filled life.


WELCOME LITTLE ONE
	Months after the wedding, I gave birth to a bouncing baby boy. We named him Joaquin Miguel Ezequiel Nishi Ricafort; Joaquin – after his grandfather papa John; Miguel from Saint Michael the Archangel and Ezequiel; the Prophet from the Old Testament.  Zeq, as we call him had mostly his dad’s features – round, dark brown eyes, thin pointed nose, semi-arched lips, chocolate brown mane and long limbs, . He got his skin color from me, fair yet a bit shade of yellow because of my Japanese blood-  well technically Zeq’s quarter of a Japanese too; thanks to my biological father’s genes. He was a delight to everyone – especially for papa John who apparently was very delighted when he learned that his first grandchild was named after him. Zeq’s arrival definitely was a big addition and delight to both our families.
	“I’m afraid that our kid’s going to be spoiled with both his grandparents, babe.”
	“ Yeah babe, there’s a huge possibility for that since he’s their first grandchild; both your parents and mine”, I was staring at my fast asleep angel while Blaine’s  in bed trying to catch some decent sleep from his frequent sleepless nights since I’ve given birth. 
						~0~0~0~0~
	“Hey daddy, it’s your turn to change Zeq’s dypies”, I whispered to his ear, gave him a soft kiss on the lips and then rubbed my now fast asleep husband’s arm to wake him up. Who would ever thought that the once named one of the most powerful and eligible bachelor’s in Asia would now be changing diapers for his new born.
	“Yes dear!” the sound of his reaction was funny, and I couldn’t help but laugh. He looked at me menacingly, as if he was getting annoyed; but I knew he wasn’t. “Just let me stretch my bone, then after I finish changing Zeq’s diapers, hmmm I’ll give you a good spanking, you bad, bad  naughty little girl.”, even when awaken from his sleep, he gave me a naughty grin  which gave me chills through the back of my spine. Damn! He looked sexier now than ever!
	“Thanks babe, I love you! Hmm you look sexier now than the first time I saw you”, I gave him a soft teasing kiss and licked his lips tenderly, “but with the spanking, hmmm I guess I’ll pass.”, I was teasing my husband who was then lifting Zeq heading to the bathroom.
	“Don’t start on me babe, you heard the doctor, no sex until the sixth week!”, he had this naughty smile then gave me a wink before leaving me with a passionate lingering kiss.
	Who would ever thought that even all these months that we’re married, all these weight gain and post pregnancy body fats, my dearest husband’s still being turned on? 
	“Okay babe after six weeks, you’re all mine! No complaining, okay?”
	“Who told you I’ll be complaining, huh, Mrs. Ricafort?”

							~END~ 







A MESSAGE FROM ME:
	I am from the Philippines and actually a registered nurse by profession. Ever since I was in my teenage years, I have been fond of reading and writing. Literature has always been a special interest of mine; but apparently, my parents ‘career and profession of choice for me didn’t match my interest with writing.
	Since I have to work and earn good enough amount of money, I was forced to work overseas hear in Taif Saudi Arabia, from here I started writing this short story. Some of the details I have written were sort of a bit and pieces of my life, but mostly the concept was just a product of my wild imagination. Occasionally, I would drift away from reality to day dream; and that’s the reason I decided to put my wild imaginations and day dreaming into writing; thus producing my first ever short story - Love at First Jog.
	I hope you enjoyed reading, and if you do so, don’t hesitate to leave a comment on my facebook account or email me. I’ll be waiting. Thanks a lot!
			www.facebook.com/shiyamegumi
			smbnakamura@yahoo.com

	
