LOVE THY ENEMY
@2020
Will Decker


Copyright 2020 by WILL DECKER
Smashwords Edition
WILL DECKER has asserted his right under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or otherwise, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner, as allowed under the terms and conditions under which it was purchased, or as strictly permitted by applicable copyright law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Love Thy Enemy is a work of fiction. The resemblance of any characters to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental. Names, characters, places, brands, media, situations, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
This eBook may not be re-sold or given away except with written permission from the author or as otherwise permitted through special promotions and programs.
A special thank you to everyone that has made this story possible. My beta reader, my proof reader, and especially to you, my fan readers for taking a chance and dedicating your time to reading this story. I sincerely hope you enjoy this work of fiction.
Will Decker


Here’s Even More Exciting Stories by Will Decker for Your Reading Pleasure:
All my stories are Stand-Alone novels. No Cliffhangers!

LOVE THY ENEMY
DRIVEN
UNREQUITED LOVE
FIRE BABY
HYBRID KILLERS

The ‘HEÄLF’ Collection:
MORTALITY REVISITED
CLONE WARS
DAY OF NIGHT
REGENERATIONS
HORSPAW

The ‘Mac” Collection:
THE WITNESS
TOXIC RAIN
BETRAYAL
RECORD KEEPER
DEATH IN THE DUNES
WIT-SEC FAIL

SIMPLY PERFECT BINDING 2ND Ed.



Table of Contents:

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
Epilogue
A Note From the Author



*1*

With many men that I’ve met over the years, I’ve heard much bragging between them with regard to the number of loves or female conquests they’ve had in their lives, whereas I have only ever been involved with two. Two very different women with two very different, yet almost deadly, impacts on my life. Not to mention, two very different reasons for even coming into my life.
The first, well, she tried killing me with an AK-47. Of course, that was before she got to know me. And she believed she was just doing her job, after all. Thankfully, she didn’t succeed. Though only a short while later, after our fierce fire-fight of an introduction in the jungles of Nicaragua, she did manage to shoot one of my team members and stab another in the back. Fortunately, both of them would survive, thanks in large part to her expertise with weapons. Because I have no doubt that if she had seriously been trying to kill them at the time, she would have succeeded. Maria, the name that I will later come to know her as, is no wilting flower. Nor is she inexperienced in the ways or weapons of war.
But before I digress too far from my original intent, I want to tell you about Jake and Barry, the two members of my recon team that she injured shortly after we’d shared a few intimate moments together. A very heated and decidedly special few moments together.
Now even though I can’t blame him in the least, Barry would still like to kill her today if he ever ran across her for putting that 7 inches of honed and hardened piece of steel in his back. But Jake, not so much. If anything, he would probably give her a kiss, a warm hug, and a big thank you. The 5.56mm slug that struck his hand shattered several bones and took away his ability to ever properly fire a weapon again, which immediately made him of no use to the U.S. Army, especially in a Ranger unit such as ours, and being anything less was just not acceptable. He was happily home with a small disability pension even before the ink dried on his very honorable discharge papers.
But this story isn’t about Jake and Barry or their unfortunate run in with the most beautiful woman that I’ve ever laid eyes on to this day. No, this story is about a woman I nicknamed Maria. Her true name was beyond the ability of my feeble language skills and my tongue’s limited ability to pronounce, and which I quickly gave up trying to do before making a complete ass of myself. And despite looking through the front sights of my M-16 and straight into her dark ebony eyes that were looking right back at me over the sights of a fully automatic AK-47 that appeared as though it belonged in her more than capable hands, my opinion would never change. She is and always will be the most beautiful woman these blue eyes of mine have ever had the pleasure of seeing, despite the circumstances that we initially found ourselves in.
Since I was leading our six man team at the time, I can only assume that she felt something too when she looked back into my crystal blue orbs. Of one thing I was certain, she didn’t see any fear in my eyes as they unflinchingly gazed back at her.
Lust? Maybe. Interest? Definitely. But not fear. I was still much too young and ignorant to even realize how vulnerable I was. Hell, I wasn’t even 30 years of age yet. Plus, it had been quite a while since I’d been intimate with a real woman. Monkey paw didn’t count. Even if she was female. I never did stoop to taking advantage of the poor old woman that hung around our little shanty town of a base and went with anyone that offered her a little spare change from their pocket. I did however, on occasion, hire her to do my laundry, especially when she looked as if she hadn’t eaten for a few days. And even then, I would find myself rewashing what she returned to me, which was usually short an item or two. I never questioned her or put her on the spot over it though. She had enough to deal with without my whining. And while I refer to Monkey Paw as a poor old woman, I should make it very clear that she wasn’t much more than 10 years my senior. 10 very hard years in addition to what must have been a very hard 30 years prior.
But once again, I digress. The beautiful foe with the wavy black hair tied up in a tight bun on the top of her head and clear smooth slightly olive skin coupled with a petite, yet curvaceous little body, spared me that day. Or so I have convinced myself with the passage of time. I know she could have killed me; I was the easy target. I was the closest to her and I was the only one that saw her before she opened fire on us. It should have been a no-brainer on her part to take me out first. It is what I would have done if our roles had been reversed that day, because it was also a no-brainer that I should have taken her out when she hesitated to kill me. We were enemies after all, and that’s what enemies do to each other. They shoot to kill. No questions asked. It’s war.
Yet, when our eyes met, there was a fleeting second there where time stood still. Something hot and urgent vibrated and shimmered in the cloyingly hot, sticky, and bug infested air between us, and I knew she was feeling it too. It was undeniable.
In the moment before she pulled the trigger, her aim jerked to the left, away from my heart, while mine went slightly right, my shot taking out the enemy behind and slightly to her left. His weapon was lining up with my heart and I don’t believe he intended on missing his target. The firefight was brief but deadly, no losses on our side and three uninjured prisoners from her side; her included. The only casualty that day was the one that I hit. My team was fortunate, not even a scratch before the enemy threw down their weapons in surrender, their supply of ammo woefully lacking and quickly depleted.
Still, it didn’t have to end that way. She could have killed most if not all of us before we had a chance to return fire if she had so desired. They had the advantage of surprise and cover. Yet, she didn’t. And to this day, I firmly believe it was because of something unspoken that passed between us in that moment when our eyes simultaneously found each other’s. And while it might appear to others later on that she had an ulterior motive for being taken prisoner that day, I will continue to believe it was something that passed unspoken in our eyes to my dying day. If that’s called doubling down, then I am doubling down for all I’m worth.
With the unexpected group of prisoners to look after, Command cut our reconnaissance mission short and we were ordered to begin the long arduous trek back to our makeshift basecamp posthaste. The powers that be were keen on interrogating our prisoners and quickly deemed their information to be much more valuable than anything we might learn by proceeding forward with our original recon mission.
With the coming onset of night, we take shelter in a small clearing surrounded by dense foliage and underbrush. Though we are all hot, sweaty and tired, the first order of business is posting a tight perimeter around our makeshift camp. I assign three of the team to take up posts approximately thirty yards out in a position that forms a triangular grid with our prisoners centered in the triangle. This will give us the most effective fire cover if we’re attacked.
As the firstly selected men, Jake, Berry and Ted decide silently among themselves who is going where, while John, Allen and I set to securing the prisoners with short lengths of cord, pinning their arms behind their backs and down to their feet so it’s impossible for them to lie out flat. It will be uncomfortable for them, but much safer for us and no chance of them slithering off in the night like crawling maggots.
With the prisoners secure, we lay out tarps over the soggy ground and then position the prisoners so they’re in our direct line of sight. Satisfied that they aren’t going anywhere and can’t cry out or make any noise, we break out containers of cold MRE’s that we share with our hungry prisoners. None of them turn down the food, even though we have to hand feed them like little children because of their bindings.
Despite all the media coverage about the miss-treatment of prisoners, each man on my team views them as human beings just like us and treat them with the same respect we hope to receive if the roles are ever reversed. Many soldiers will argue and call that flawed logic, but we’re warriors, not mercenaries. We fight for a higher cause, not money.
Though none of them are displaying any visible rank, the female prisoner appears to be their leader, so I take it upon myself to see to her feeding personally, while John and Allen each take another of the prisoners. My reason for picking the female is that I also want the opportunity to get closer to her, though I have no idea where the urge to do so is coming from. To retain my sense of rank, I tell myself unconvincingly that it is for the opportunity to gather intel. But deep down inside, I know it’s something much baser. She is a beautiful woman and I am just a mortal man dangerously close to falling under her spell.
As I approach her, she eyes me with what I can only assume is a mixture of hate and distrust, along with something I can’t quite place. I drop down onto my knees next to her and rip open the foil pouch, all the while watching her eyes as they move over my hands. I get a distinct feeling that it’s been a while since any of these people have had any real food. There is no shortage of fruit and bugs to be had, but real food, even the crap that I am currently pulling out of a waxed cardboard container, must look pretty damned appetizing judging by her subconscious licking of lips and the swallowing action of her throat.
Was that vein on the side of her throat beating like that earlier? Damn that’s sexy! Almost mesmerizing.
I have definitely been in this stinking jungle for far too long if I’m eyeing a prisoner of war with anything less than honorable thoughts. And yet, I can’t help myself as I continue studying that small ticking blood vessel just below her left ear. Nor can I ignore a crazy desire to run my tongue along the length of it as it speeds up in anticipation of the food that she knows is coming. Or is it caused by my drawing closer to her so it’s easier to place the food on her tongue with the provided spork?
In addition to noticing her sharp eyes and long dark lashes, I grow keenly aware of her womanly scent that has been made all the stronger from a mixture of sweat and old wood smoke. It’s like an aphrodisiac to my libido and I grow harder with each handful of food I place on her moist tongue while watching her slowly and methodically chew, anticipating the rise and fall of her throat when she swallows. Damn, that’s sexy. Her teeth are surprisingly straight and white, her silky olive skin begging me to touch it. Her lips move sensually as she continues chewing each mouthful of food, her eyes all the while growing less distrusting and much less hateful as they remain locked on mine, clearly trying to find deceit or a reason to distrust and hate me.
I will give her none.
When the container of rations is gone, I hold my canteen to her mouth and let her drink her fill before hesitantly moving across to the far side of the clearing and preparing myself for a long, restless night. With three of my team on watch for the first half of the night, Barry, a large brown man with an easy going personality and never a foul word out of his mouth no matter the circumstances, Jake, a tall slender man with a nervous tick below his left eye that took me a while to get used to, along with the most capable man I’ve ever worked with in the field, Ted, I know nothing will come near our little camp.
Meanwhile, John and Allen, along with myself, try catching a little shuteye, knowing we will be relieving the others around zero three hundred hours. But long before anyone dozes off for the night, an uneasiness creeps into my bones. There’s an unfamiliar tension buzzing in the warm muggy air that isn’t from the drone of bugs.
Around zero-two-hundred hours, I rise from the damp ground and check on the prisoners before relieving myself in the brush next to the clearing. When I return, the woman prisoner’s dark eyes are following my every move. I stand upright, several feet from where she is lying on her side facing me, trying to read the emotions she’s hiding behind a hateful glare.
Breaking all the rules, I move over to her and lower myself down onto my haunches next to her, leaning on my rifle with the barrel pointing up into the dark night sky. I softly whisper in a tired voice, not really expecting an answer since I’m fairly confident that none of them understand English, “I know you hate me, but it isn’t really necessary. I’m not going to hurt you or any of your men. It’s just my job to get you all safely to base. What happens then is out of my hands. But I’m sure if you just answer their questions, you will be treated with respect.”
You can imagine my surprise when she responds in broken English with a heavy Latino accent, “No hate. Despise. You are enemy. You are evil and you come to kill us and take over our country.” She pauses for a brief moment before responding to my bewildered gaze, “What? You not happy with your own country? You have to fuck up someone else’s?”
Though I’m momentarily dumbfounded by her sharp accusation, I’m even more shocked by her use of the ‘F’ word, something very few foreigners ever say. Moreover, her use of foul English words causes something inside me to warm towards her and I reply in a voice barely more than a whisper with a hint of a smile on my face while noting the others are still sleeping, “Baby, I’m just doing my job as I was trained to do it.” There’s a long moment of silence while I fight back a smirk and then add, “As I’m sure you were too.”
“You are all evil,” she resignedly and conspiratorially whispers back, her voice sounding as tired as my own. I can’t help feeling we’re all just tired of this senseless fighting when a new thought suddenly occurs to me.
“Where did you learn English?” I ask, studying her face for deceptiveness in her answer and feeling a sudden and overwhelming need to touch her, to comfort her. In the starlight of the night, I can just make out her features and she looks so vulnerable it tugs at my heart.
She hesitates. Yet, I don’t feel she is trying to come up with a story to deceive me; she is just not sure how much she should be telling me. We are enemies, after all, and for all she knows, this is the beginning of her interrogation.
A soft sigh escapes her full lips and I know she is going to tell me the truth, or at least a part of it.
“We had an American prisoner. Long time ago,” she quickly amends, fearful of telling me too much. “He was nice. I was his keeper. After a time, we began to trust one another. At first, we drew pictures on the ground like sign language, until I was able to grasp your basic words. I learn fast.”
“What became of this American prisoner?”
“He was killed when a plane strafed our camp,” she says softly, her eyes going toward the ground. Almost as an afterthought, she sadly adds, “Many were killed that day.”
“I’m sorry,” I reply, though I have no idea why, since it is unlikely that it was an American plane, except to comfort her, the enemy. If only I had known what role she would play in our near future, I may not have felt so sympathetic toward her.
“My name is Joe,” I suddenly blurt, wanting to feel a more personal connection with this woman, my prisoner.
Without hesitation, she says Maria Lola Luisa Sanchez. 
Softly under my breath, I say, “Maria. That is a lovely name. It suits you,” I add, before realizing that I’m speaking out loud and blush suddenly. Fortunately it is dark and hopefully she can’t see it.
Her soft giggle in reply says otherwise and is instantly my undoing. Without thinking or even realizing what I am doing, I lean toward her and pull her bound body into my arms, leaning my head down to hers. As if it was meant to be, our mouths find each other’s, our lips tenderly touching, questioning our actions before increasing in pressure and urgency. I need this. We need this. I can feel her hunger as easily as I can feel my own.
Silently, I rise to my feet, cradling her bound body tenderly in my arms, our lips never breaking contact. Her wrists are tied behind her back with a rope to her ankles just slack enough to allow her to lie out flat. She can’t reach out and touch me, or even attempt to hold me or wrap her arms around me, but her body molds into my chest like our bodies were made for each other.
Since I know where my team members are positioned in the surrounding jungle, it’s easy to move out into the dense foliage without alerting them. And though we’re still in enemy territory, I’m confident that she will remain quiet in my arms. Because even though we have not said as much in words, there is an understanding that for just this brief moment in time, we have left the war behind and are taking refuge in each other.
Moving slowly, I lean over and place her gently on a patch of thick, damp moss. The moment our lips separate, I feel the broken connection clear to my soul. Through the broken canopy above us, small shards of star dappled sky peek down upon us providing just enough illumination to see the same longing mirrored in her eyes.
Without a word, I quickly unbind her ankles and then roll her over to get at the knot securing her wrists behind her back. She’s wearing a pair of well-worn and faded denim jeans that probably originated in the U.S. as part of a Good-Will care package and were originally destined for a child. Because of this, her small size fills them out with her well-toned thighs and sexy-as-hell rounded butt. Her top is barely more than a dirty rag securing a petite pair of jewels crowned with the most perfect little spheres of rouge adorned with rubies. Compared to my broad shoulders and six plus feet of well-defined muscles weighing in at just shy of two-hundred forty pounds, she appears even tinier.
With her hands free, she immediately rolls over and clasps the back of my neck, pulling me down and locking her lips quickly back on mine as if the time they were apart was simply unbearable. I couldn’t agree more.
My hands slide to her bare midriff and a soft moan burbles up from deep within her throat. I can’t help noticing how small and fragile her body feels in the clasp of my large sized hands. Her legs spread apart like an open invitation, giving me room to push my already hard erection against her core, the fabric of our clothing barely impeding the sensations that spark through my groin with every wriggling move she makes.
With an escalating keenness, I push her top up and move my mouth from her swollen lips to first one nipple and then the other, not wanting to withhold lavishing either one with my tongue while my hands move down into the small of her back, lifting her slightly to angle my rock hard package against her heated core, eliciting small whimpering, animal-like sounds from deep in her throat as her unblinking eyes follow my every move. Every uneven breath she gasps beneath me increases the pressure against the front of my pants to an almost painful force.
From my ministrations, her nipples are as hard as the rubies they emulate. Her hands quickly sliding down to the top of my cargo pants where they deftly undo the woven utility belt before struggling with the buttons securing the fly that is holding everything back.
When I shift her body slightly to make it easier for her to get at the buttons, she instead undoes the button at the top of her jeans and pushes her own zipper down, allowing my hands to slide over the smooth orbs of her ass as I push her jeans down to her ankles, exposing the musky moistness that is already leaking out from her core and dampening the area between her thighs.
Laying her back down on the soft moss, I hurriedly finish undoing my own pants and push them down to my knees, the size of my manhood quickly garnering her full attention. There is no doubt in my mind that she needs this as much as I do.
Our breaths are quick and shallow as she guides the head of my penus into her, a strangled cry like that of a small animal is caught in her throat. What we are doing is insane, and the slightest noise could bring an onslaught of hot and deadly lead in our direction, from both friendly and unfriendly sources.
She is so tight, I can’t help but wonder what pain I am causing her before she begins arching up to take in more of me. Then like a wild animal in heat, she begins squirming and arching her back, the muscles of her womanhood squeezing tightly up and down my shaft, milking it while driving me quickly to the edge of a climax.
Without no grasp on reality or practical thought, I drive into her like a man possessed. Within seconds, we find a mutual rhythm that quickly escalates into a frenzied coupling, my size no longer painful, but fulfilling. It takes only seconds before her body grows tense, the strength of her womanhood squeezing me tighter than I would have believed possible. No woman has ever felt so right and at the same time, so wrong. This is crazy and should not be happening, but before common sense can return, her whole body begins vibrating beneath me with the onslaught of her climax, the overwhelming heat and slickness of her rapidly clenching tightness quickly pulling me to my own undoing.
Our bodies go limp almost simultaneously, and we lie next to each other trying to breathe quietly after one of the most thrilling sexual encounters I have ever had. After a long minute, I roll up onto my left elbow and look down at her, taking in the whole picture. Covered in a sheen of sweat and smelling sweetly of sex, she has to be one of the most beautiful creatures that I have ever laid eyes on, and it breaks my heart to know that our paths can never cross again.
“I have to tie you back up,” I whisper softly, wanting nothing more than to kiss the top of her head and take her in my arms and protect her from the future we both know we can’t change.
She looks back at me for the longest moment as though she is reading my thoughts before coming to the same conclusion that I have and resignedly replies, “I know.”
Without another word, we pull our clothes back into place and I give her a moment to clean up, using damp leaves from a nearby bush before securing her hands and feet as they were before, albeit a tad looser so they don’t dig into her soft flesh. I was raised to be a gentleman, after all.
When she is secured again, I drop down onto my butt beside her and softly begin telling her my thoughts. This is so unlike me that I literally unnerve myself when I can’t seem to shut off the flow of words pouring out of me. I have kept so much bottled up inside me for too long and the dam has suddenly and surprisingly broken wide open because of this woman that I don’t even know and would probably kill me if given half the chance.
The things I tell her, I could never utter to one of my fellow soldiers, even though we are closer than brothers. They would think that I have broken. But it is just a need that was looking for an outlet, and she has provided that outlet whether she intended to or not. My sworn enemy, my confessor?
What I tell her is not secret or even confidential. But rather, it is about me and my inner longings for a normal life, a life that I’ve never known but always desired. Something that in retrospect, she probably has no concept of. Yet, she listens quietly while I babble on like a sorry sap.
When I have no words left in me, I rise quietly and quickly to my feet, noting her silence as she stares up at me with those ebony eyes. Lifting her gently in my arms, I hurriedly return her to the spot where she was lying previously so no one is the wiser. Before turning away from her, I softly graze her lips with my own and then leave a kiss on her forehead.
I have just returned to my own hard spot on the ground when I’m summoned by Jake to relieve him. Grunting as if I’d just woken, I cast a quick glance in Maria’s direction while rising with exaggerated stiffness to my feet. Her sad and knowing eyes are still looking back at me. A strong feeling of guilt mixed with remorse for what can’t be rises up in my throat like bile and I quickly look away. Slinging my weapon over my shoulder, I notice Barry waking Allen and John while Ted is already settling in to catch what sleep he can. Satisfied, I set off quietly through the brush to take up my position. After finding it, I settle in to wait for the crack of dawn and another long day of sloshing through muck and mire.
With a head full of mixed up confusion regarding the beautiful prisoner that I have crossed the line with, I am suddenly brought back to the present by the sound of a gunshot pealing through the dense night air.



*2*

There is something special about the American soldier that causes my breath to catch in my throat. He is handsome and big with bright blue eyes, and I am looking down my sights at him.
I should have already pulled the trigger when he suddenly sees me. Our eyes lock together and time seems to stand still. In the crystal clear blue depths staring back at me, I see loneliness and pain mixed with something more. Something I immediately recognize because it is within me too. It is as if we are kindred souls.
For reasons that I cannot explain to this day, my body twists slightly to the side and I pull the trigger at the same time that his weapon rises up and also fires. I feel the wind of his bullets as they snap past my head at almost the same time that I hear them striking human flesh. Yet, it is not my flesh that they are hammering mercilessly into. It is Romero’s, the slovenly fool that was always trying to get me alone. It is his flesh that is feeling the deadly impact of the American’s bullets. There is no remorse for him. He would have taken advantage of me like he had many other young women; women that weren’t nearly as capable of fighting him off as I was. Many that were barely even women, but just girls.
My weapon abruptly clicks and there is no more recoil against my shoulder. My clip is empty. The others with me also go quiet and we hurriedly throw down our weapons, our hands reflexively going to the backs of our heads. Anything else would be suicide against these well armed warriors.
The American keeps his weapon at the ready while they cautiously approach, his eyes studying me intently, as if he were a jungle cat and I a mere mouse. Still, he takes in more than just me. He is well trained and alert to all of us, as well as the surrounding jungle. He obviously does not dismiss the possibility that my small group is little more than bait for a much larger force.
I follow him closely with my eyes, the rest of my body frozen still. There are many weapons aimed at me, but all I see is him, his movements like those of a deadly predator, and yet, I have no fear of him. If he wanted to kill me, he would have already done the deed. Like me, he is trying to understand why we both still live.
While he stands back a few feet from me, he keeps a wary eye as his men move quickly and silently to gather us and secure our hands behind our backs. Our weapons, now useless due to a lack of ammunition, are left lying on the ground where we dropped them. The damp jungle air and dense foliage will quickly feast on them, making them utterly useless. Unlike myself, they will kill no more.
Romero’s body is covered with a few cut boughs and forgotten. The wild animals will finish him off tonight, leaving little trace of the body.
The tall, broad shouldered American takes off down the trail after ordering two of his men to spread out and flank our little column before positioning another in the lead and the last of them to bring up the rear. There is no talk, only hand signals and silence as each man moves off like a ghost to their assigned duty. I am somewhat envious of his unquestioned control over his men.
The march lasts for several hours before we overtake their leader in a small clearing that he is busily working on with only his knife, laying the cut branches and limbs over the damp and spongey ground in a rough circle. It is getting dark and will soon be full night. The American’s tie our feet up behind us with another length of rope and secure it to our wrists so that we are immobile. With that done, they break out water and rations. I expect them to eat and drink their fill in front of us and am mildly surprised when they each pick a prisoner and begin feeding us by hand, rather than undoing our bindings.
Their leader approaches me with a brown pouch of food and two canteens of water. After lowering himself down in front of me, he offers me water first, mumbling something under his breath, his eyes never leaving mine. For a man carrying so much pain, and able to inflict even more, he is surprisingly gentle with me as he rolls me into a more upright position so that I can drink. Despite a heavy layer of callouses on the palms of his large hands from hard work, I sense a warmth and genuine concern for my well-being. I have not felt such honest concern towards me since I left my village and my family behind many years ago. It feels strange coming from this warrior now, my sworn enemy. And yet, I cannot deny that I like it. Too much.
Though I close my eyes, I cannot sleep because of my great disappointment. None of my men would say it to my face, because they all respected me and even more so, my abilities. That is, except for Romero. That pandejo cabron respected no one or nothing, not even himself. But I have failed them. We were lacking in supplies and ammo and still, I insisted on this confrontation with the enemy; an enemy that is always well armed and deadly.
When the big American gets up and slips into the jungle to relieve himself, I can’t help admiring the fluid way that his body moves. Or the leanness of his hips and the breadth of his shoulders. The firm muscles of his thighs against the loose fabric of his fatigue pants causes my heart to skip a beat, which makes no sense. He is graceful like the jungle cat, but so much deadlier.
I am still watching him when he returns and he comes over and drops down on his haunches next to where I am lying. A sad comment about me hating him slips softly from between his lips and my heart lurches with sympathy for this man that is my sworn enemy. To my own surprise, I break all the rules by replying in his language. It was to my advantage not to let them know that I understood them so they would continue speaking freely around me. But like a fool, I lowered my guard with him, wanting, no needing him to know that I am more than just an animal capable of using a weapon to kill. It makes no sense why I feel this need with him and yet, I do.
The surprise in his face is quickly replaced with something more, something that is reflected in my own. When he bends down to kiss me, I react in kind.
***
After an amazing round of sex unlike anything I have ever experienced, he returns me to my place on the ground, but he doesn’t secure my bindings as they were previously. They are much too loose to hold me because now he trusts me, his enemy, and sadly, I will make him regret it soon. It is my duty to attempt an escape. To do anything less would be punishable by death.
The returning sentries are tired and not paying their prisoners any notice as they wake their replacements and drop down on the ground. I look on sadly as Joe slips into the crowding foliage and quickly disappears from sight. It bothers me deeply that I am going to disappoint him, though I am unclear why it is that I feel this way. He is still my enemy, even if he was the most wonderful lover that I’ve ever taken.
Almost immediately, the sound of snoring fills the air and the men are deep into their sleep. Moving stealthily, I work my way across the ground like a snail, my movements slow and painful. While the looser bonds are allowing me a limited amount of movement, they still chaff my wrists and ankles, quickly rubbing the skin raw.
Yet, it takes little time to reach the nearest man and I carefully work the knife out of his jungle boot sheath with my back to him. No sooner do I get a grip on the hilt of the weapon then I cut the cord securing my wrists to my ankles.
With this new range of motion, I easily slip my hands under my feet so they are now in front of me and cut the cord securing my ankles together first, my eyes moving furtively around the makeshift camp on the lookout for any sign of being discovered.
When my feet come apart, a silent sigh escapes my lips. I can now run if I have to.
But I cannot leave without my men. I am responsible for them just as Joe is for his men. And I am certain that he would not and could not leave any of them behind if our roles were reversed.
Instead, I turn the blade and place the hilt between the soles of my feet so that the well-honed edge is facing me and quickly worry the cord through that secures my wrists. Not wasting any time, I then pick up the man’s rifle and silently slide the action to charge a round into the chamber.
The sound of the spring loaded mechanism is loud in our little space and the large brown man whose weapon it is rolls and rises to his feet in one fluid movement, his instinctive action is to automatically reach for the knife that isn’t there.
In the time it takes him to realize that he is no longer armed, I too have risen to my feet. When he lunges at me, his eyes focused on his knife in my left hand, I sidestep him while bringing my knee up into his groin. When he doubles over, I plunge the knife into his back, simultaneously releasing my hold on the handle so that it isn’t pulled out of the wound and he won’t bleed out before he can be attended to.
These men are not only Joe’s team, but obviously his friends, and I can’t bring myself to kill them anymore than I could bring myself to kill Joe. There is definitely something wrong with me. This is not normal for me.
But I don’t have time to think my actions through, as another man rises to my right, his weapon charged and swinging in my direction. He will definitely kill me if I let him. So I must not let him.
Instinctively, I point the M-16 I’m holding at him and squeeze off a single round, striking him in the right hand on the forward part of the stock, shattering both his hand and the plastic piece of the weapon.
The third man is rolling into the surrounding foliage and I let him go while I hurriedly try to figure out how to cut my team loose before Joe and his other men return, drawn by the sound of gunfire.
It is a dilemma that I don’t need to worry about as I find myself face to face with Joe, his weapon again aimed at my forehead.



*3*

“We can’t go on meeting like this,” I say, watching Allen coming up through the foliage behind her. I give him a subtle nod to hold his fire. Almost simultaneously, John’s voice barks from my right, ordering her to lower the weapon.
He must have caught my signal to Allen or she would already be dead.
Immediately, she drops the weapon and places her hands on top of her head while slowly lowering herself down on her knees. Ted comes running in from the brush and hurriedly scoops up the dropped weapon, turning it on her. Barry is cursing under his breath in a crouch near the edge of the clearing while Jake is holding an injured hand that is bleeding profusely and moving clumsily to retrieve a first aid kit from his pack.
I’m not sure which is more alarming, the fact that Barry is using curse words, or that Jake is injured. Only then do I hear John suddenly spout a curse word also that I realize not only is Barry cursing, but that he is injured too. John is carefully rolling Barry onto his stomach and I can see the handle of a knife protruding from his back in the dim light.
After ordering Allen to look after Jake and for Ted to cover the encampment, I secure the prisoner again. It’s with a large ball of guilt lodged in my throat that I angrily push Maria to the ground and retie her bindings, making them even tighter than necessary to show her how disappointed I am with her. And how much more angry I am with myself for allowing members of my team to be injured. None of this would have happened if I had only remained professional and adhered to my training. Instead, I let my personal and irrational feelings take over. A mistake I won’t repeat.
And then to my complete surprise, she whispers so that only I can hear, “You would have done the same.”
While it doesn’t alleviate any of the guilt that I harbor for leaving her bound looser than she was, her words unsettle something in my chest. She is my enemy, and yet she feels a need to explain her actions to me.
She cares what I think, and that thought is even more unsettling than her words.
***
After getting Jake’s hand bandaged up and the knife removed from Barry’s backside and also bandaged, I realize that hiking back to basecamp is out of the question for obvious reasons. We need to move to an open area where I can get a medivac chopper in without it getting shot out of the sky or giving away our location. Much easier said than done since we are still deep in enemy held territory.
With no other recourse, I radio in our status and advise basecamp that we will get back to them as soon as we reach a suitable location for our wounded to be air lifted out. The thought of having the prisoners go with them, is quickly dismissed, despite the fact that the intelligence officers are clamoring to get at them. A small medivac chopper with no other air support is all that will be risked for this operation.
With Barry on an improvised stretcher and Jake still operational to a degree, despite his loss of blood, we set out in the direction of basecamp. After a hurried conference with my team, we decide to forego flankers and put Jake at point since he cannot help with the stretcher and is now the slowest of our team. Taking up one corner of the stretcher, we put the prisoners between us and Jake where we can keep an eye on them.
None of us are comfortable with the situation, but none of the others are carrying the weight of blame on their shoulders like I am.
We haven’t covered much ground when I call for a break. Barry’s face is an ashen color despite his brown skin. Yet his chest is still rising and falling steadily. And though Jake isn’t complaining, his pace began slowing the minute we set off. The urgency of finding a place where a chopper can set down is growing by the minute.
Jake drops on his butt where he was standing just a moment earlier, the prisoners immediately following suit. With a canteen of water, I approach Maria, finding it hard to get the image of her swaying ass out of my mind. It was hard to ignore despite the circumstances we are in.
John goes from prisoner to prisoner letting them drink while Allen looks to Barry. When I meet his gaze, he gives me a concerned look in reply.
I’m about to suggest we resume our trek, when Maria softly whispers, “There is a rice paddy less than 2 kilometers due east of here.”
We are currently traveling in a south-westerly direction, which is where our basecamp is located, so I am hesitant to veer off to the east from our present course, even if it’s only 2 clicks. Barry is in bad shape and we’re barely covering one kilometer in two hours at our current pace with breaks thrown in. Two kilometers could cost us more than eight hours if she’s wrong. Worse if she’s trying to lead us into a trap.
Can I trust her?
My heart says yes, but my gut is unsettled. Especially since it’s her actions that have put us in this predicament in the first place, even if it was misplaced trust on my part that allowed it to happen.
Before I can reply, she softly adds, “I am sorry, Joe. I knew it was hopeless and there would be consequences. But if I didn’t try, it would look as if I was a traitor to my country, and my men.”
“Look,” I sternly reply, instantly regretting the anger I can hear in my voice. Softening, I go on, “You did what you thought you had to do. But moving forward, how can I trust what you tell me now?”
“Because I made a bad mistake and am telling you the truth.” She pauses for a moment, looking to be sure that no one is eavesdropping on our conversation. “If you don’t trust me, at least one of your men is going to die. And while I know that I am responsible for that, you also carry guilt.”
I study her eyes, praying that she is being honest. Because if she isn’t, her lie will kill me just as certainly as a sniper’s bullet to the head.
“We will do this change of course, but if you’re information is anything less than accurate and honest, I will kill you first. Do you understand?”
“With all my heart,” she whispers back, her eyes never leaving mine.



*4*

Realizing that we’re running out of time, I signal the men to advise them of the change of direction. There is no defined trail to follow east, which makes the trek even more difficult, but within two hours we can see a lighter area up ahead through the trees where the sun is reaching the floor.
Yet the light in the distance is as deceiving as a mirage in the desert and it takes us another two hours before we are standing on the edge of the jungle studying an open field of neglected rice and weeds. There is no water in the paddy and for that, I am thankful.
Prudence suggests that we do a quick perimeter inspection of the approximate 3 acre clearing, so I send John in one direction and Allen in the other while keeping Ted on guard over the prisoners. When they meet up, they will signal me and I’ll call in the chopper. If they don’t signal me in the time it takes for them to meet up, I will take this merry little band and retreat back into the jungle, the thought of which has me sweating more than the heat and humidity of the jungle is capable of causing.
The prisoners sense what is happening and settle themselves on the ground in a small circle with their backs to each other. They’d been told to do this once and have repeated the action each time we’ve stopped for a break since without having to be told again. I have no doubts that Maria is responsible for this action on their part.
Jake is looking after Barry and I move in across the stretcher from him. Barry is conscious, barely, and is sipping on the canteen Jake is holding next to his mouth. His color is bad and he isn’t sweating, which is an even worse sign of his condition. Only the dead don’t sweat under these hot and humid conditions.
“How you doing, Barry?” I ask, when his eyes roll over toward me. “You hanging in there? It won’t be much longer now and we’ll get you out of here.”
Without answering, he simply closes his eyes and drifts back into unconsciousness. I study him for a moment before rising and studying the edge of the jungle on the far side of the dry rice patty. If John and Allen didn’t find anything, they should be getting close to tying in together and I can get a chopper coming.
“You want to tell me what’s going on, Joe?” Jake asks, the sound of his voice conspiratorial.
Without taking my eyes off the far side of the clearing, I sternly ask instead, “What do you think is going on? A prisoner broke loose wounding you and Barry. Now we’re going to get the two of you out of here and the prisoners back to base for interrogation. Am I missing something here?”
“You know what I mean,” he fires back. “How does a prisoner just get loose and then take a knife away from Barry and use it on him? How did she get hold of his rifle and shoot me? Huh? You care to explain that? We’ve never had a prisoner come this close to escaping before,” he hisses, his voice betraying a mixture of growing impatience and anger.
This time I lower my gaze to meet his, using my growing anger and hostility to hide the guilt that is boiling dangerously close to the surface, and simply reply, “You’ll have to ask Barry that the next time he wakes up. I wasn’t there, remember?”
My anger towards Jake is nothing more than an attempt to hide the overwhelming guilt that I am feeling for leaving Maria’s bindings as loose as I had. If he knew what went on before the attempted escape, he would either put a bullet in my head or report me to the authorities the minute we got back to basecamp. And rightfully so. There is no excuse for my actions.
And then I glance over to where Maria is sitting with the others, her eyes locking with mine, and I realize with all the impact of a punch to the gut, there is an excuse for my actions. A very real one. But am I willing to face it?
That question goes unanswered when the sound of small caliber weapon suddenly shatters the silence of the hot, muggy day. Reflexively, Jake and I drop into a crouch on either side of Barry’s stretcher while Ted slips up beside Jake, his rifle pointing outward, studying the tree line for evidence of where the shots are being fired, the prisoners all but forgotten for the moment.
Jake whispers angrily without looking in my direction, “I knew this was a fuckin trap.”
“She didn’t know,” I fire back with more conviction than I’m feeling.
The shooting stops as abruptly as it began, and then John flashes a mirror signal from the far side of the clearing indicating that all is clear and we’re good to go. I take a deep breath that I hadn’t realized I was holding and turn to find all the prisoners are gone except for Maria, whom is sitting there looking at peace with herself as she innocently looks back at me. During the brief firefight, the other two had simply gotten up and run off into the jungle, the sound of their escape masked by the gunfire. There will be no attempt to track or recapture them. Such an effort would only be dangerous and foolhardy, all things considered.
“Where the hell did they go?” Jake shouts excitedly from behind me. “Ted, you were supposed to be watching them!”
“Hell, I thought we were under attack,” Ted weakly argues, knowing he fucked up.
Ignoring them, I angrily lunge forward, grabbing Maria roughly by the shoulder and yanking her to her feet, my gaze burning into her. There is no point in asking her what happened or where the others went because she wouldn’t tell me anyway. But as if reading my thoughts, she gives a simple shrug of her shoulders with a slight smirk for my eyes only that quickly vanishes.
Instead of answering Jake’s question, I simply yell over my shoulder, “Call in the medivac. Now!”
Not taking my eyes off hers until I’ve pulled her around and faced her toward the dried out rice paddy. With a slight shove in the back, I order her to slowly start walking out into the open paddy. Speaking loud enough for her to hear me, I further instruct Jake, “Keep your weapon on her and if she tries to run, shoot her.”
Her head turns just enough that I can see a slight smile play across her lips before turning back away and marching stoically out into the open field.
Carrying his gun with just his right hand, the butt tucked into his waist to keep it level while warily studying the surrounding area, Jake slowly trails Maria out into the clearing, the pack with the radio gear strapped to his back.
Slipping my weapon over my left shoulder, I bend down and grab the rear rails under the improvised stretcher while Ted picks up the front. The movement wakes Barry from his semi-conscious state, but he’s delirious from the morphine we gave him and muttering things that make no sense.
We haven’t gone ten feet when Ted steps in a slight depression buried in the dead weeds and lunges forward, trying to break his fall. Fortunately, the ground isn’t hard and he lands with Barry’s head almost on his ass and the rear of the stretcher yanked out of my hands, the poles coming down hard enough that one snaps, leaving the stretcher completely unusable.
While Maria and Jake stop to wait for us, Ted regains his footing, apologizing profusely for his clumsiness.
“Don’t worry about it. We’re almost there now,” I tell him, pushing down my frustration.
With a nod of my head, I signal Jake to continue forward and turn my attention to Barry. He’s awake, but not very lucid and I know that what I’m about to do is only going to cause him more pain. Hopefully the morphine continues working. Ted is standing looking over him with a guilty look for having tripped.
“Give me a hand with him. I’ll carry him over my shoulder the rest of the way. All we have to do is get somewhere near the center of this clearing.” Then looking back down at Barry, I gently add, “I’m going to need you to be strong, big guy. This is going to hurt like Hell, but it won’t be for long.”
Though it’s awkward and his unsteadiness combined with his large bulk makes matters worse, we finally work him into a position so that he can be lowered over my right shoulder into a fireman’s carry. He’s a big guy and I know it’s going to take everything I got to get him out to the middle of the clearing, but I can’t wait for John or Allen to work their way back to us. It’s more important that they move into positions of cover to protect the chopper, which should be here within minutes.
Having done this same operation too many times in the past, I know that when it arrives it isn’t going to wait around. We’ll put the wounded men on post haste and the chopper will hurriedly lift back off, flying low and fast to get the hell out of here and back to relative safety. This area is controlled by enemy and rebel forces and flying with a red cross on the sides of the bird isn’t going to make it any less of a crap shoot for the pilot and his crew.
***
Just as I expected, the chopper comes in low and fast, hovering only long enough to stabilize before settling to the ground, the rotors never coming to a complete stop, but instead just slowing down slightly. Jake jumps in first and moves to the far side while the co-pilot jumps out to give me a hand with Barry. Barry’s feet are still hanging out the side door and the co-pilot is climbing in over the top of him to keep his body from slipping back out the door when the chopper throttles up and literally leaps back into the air, the backwash from the blades kicking up all kinds of dirt and dried up plant debris.
Being used to it from having been around a lot of helicopters during my time with the Rangers, I do my best to squint through the temporary dirt cloud while simultaneously grabbing Maria by the binding near her lower back and forcing her in the direction that we need to go. John and Allen can be seen moving toward us with their rifles at the ready in the periphery of my vision. In less than thirty seconds, the chopper disappears over the tops of the surrounding trees. I take a subconscious sigh of relief that it didn’t draw any hostile fire.
When Maria and I reach the cover of the tree line, I continue holding her with an iron clad grip while I turn and wait for my remaining team members to converge on our location. Allen arrives first, the calmer personality of the two men, and I immediately ask him about the gun fire.
“John’s afraid of snakes,” he simply states with a slight shrug of his shoulders like it’s no big deal.
Before I can question him further, John comes running up, his breath heaving loudly in the deadly stillness of the now quiet jungle. Though I strongly suspect I know the answer now, and not liking it one bit, I turn on John and demand that he explain what the hell the gun fire was all about.
John’s demeanor quickly becomes like that of a small boy that’s excited about something as he animatedly replies, “Damn Joe, you wouldn’t have believed the size of that critter. It must have been twenty feet long!”
A snake! A God damned fucking snake, and he alerted anyone within range of hearing his gunshots as to our whereabouts when we should be keeping as low a profile as possible. My temper flares even hotter than the God forsaken sun shining above our heads as I consider all the good men’s lives that he just stupidly put at an even greater risk than they already were.
“John, you stupid son of a bitch,” I hiss through clenched teeth, my hands balled into fists that I want so desperately to use against his face. “You risked all of our lives as well as this entire mission because of a fucking snake?”
“It was big and ugly,” he mumbles weakly, his previous bluster gone and looking so much like a little boy about to cry because of getting a tongue lashing.
Putting my face right up to his, I calmly state with a razor sharp edge of steel to my voice that can’t be missed, “I don’t care how fucking big and ugly the snake was, you listen to this and you listen well, I’m not going to repeat myself. If you ever pull a stunt like that again, I will find the biggest and fucking ugliest snake this God damned jungle has to offer and I will tie you up in your bed roll with it and never let you fucking come out until it’s had its way with you. Do you hear me?”
“L L Loud and clear, Sir,” he stutters, straightening up and looking past me, unable to look me in the eye.
“For that stunt, John, you can take point,” I softly add while turning away and facing Maria, who is gazing at me with a look in her eyes that I can’t decipher. Over my shoulder, I add, “Allen, you chase point, I’ll bring up the rear with our prisoner.”
“Yes, Sir,” Allen snaps in a soft whisper, jerking his head toward John to indicate that John should get his ass in gear while he still can.
“Ted, cover our sixes.”
“Yes, Joe,” he softly replies, still feeling chagrined over his stumble earlier.




*5*

After pushing everyone hard for the next couple of hours, myself included, I whistle to Allen who in turn whistles a signal to John for him to hold up. The day is almost over and we need to find a safe spot to wait out the night. If we didn’t have a prisoner with us, I might have pushed them through the night for punishment, after that stupid stunt John pulled, shooting a damned snake, of all things. And Ted tripping over his own God-damned feet. But I have to remember that I can’t punish Allen for John’s stupid actions anymore than I can punish Maria for letting the other prisoners escape. I just have to deal with it. But damn, we’re fucking Army Rangers, not juvenile Boy Scouts.
Of course, even though base has already been notified of the escape, it’s not going to look good when we march into camp with only the one prisoner when we originally had three, four if I hadn’t killed one when we first encountered them. It isn’t going to matter any that I’m sure the ones that escaped didn’t know anything of value intelligence wise.
Despite getting the signal from Allen to hold up, John pushes on for a few more minutes until he comes to a small hillock surrounded by lower growing shrubs. The hillock means we’ll at least be on high ground and not sleeping down in the muck. I almost find myself giving John a pat on the back for this fortunate find before I catch myself and remember that I’m still angry with him. If he thought that I was forgiving him this quickly for needlessly endangering everyone’s lives, the lesson wouldn’t stick.
This thought makes me wonder what my lesson is going to be. And will it stick?
“Since there’s only the four of us, we’ll do a line perimeter,” I say, once everyone is gathered together. John, you fall back to the rear. Allen, up front with Ted. Plant yourselves at about 50 yards out and make yourselves comfortable. We’ll regroup here at zero four-hundred hour.”
Glancing first at John and then toward Allen and Ted, I get only tired nods of resigned acknowledgement in return; no arguments or comments about me taking the high ground, and especially no sly remarks about watching over the woman prisoner by myself. They know better than to question my authority and smartly keep their personal and smart-assed thoughts to themselves. If they only knew.
When they’ve moved far enough in either direction that no one is longer visible, I turn to Maria and untie her wrists. Without questioning my actions, she simply rubs them for a minute before commenting, “You are being pretty hard on them.”
“What John did is unacceptable. He’s lucky I don’t bring him up on charges when we get back to base,” I grumble, knowing full well that I have no intentions of going any further with his reprimand than I already have.
“He’s just a boy thrown into a world of chaos and blood shed that wants to make it home in one piece like the rest of us,” she softly replies, throwing me for a loop.
I stare at her in utter shock and bewilderment for a long moment while she begins sorting branches and clearing a place to sit down. “You are not what you appear to be,” I finally manage to say, her eyes moving up to my face while she continues making a bed of sorts.
“And what do I appear to be?” she simply asks, dropping down on the bed of foliage and tapping the place next to her, indicating for me to sit by her.
While I study her for a long moment, deep in my thoughts, she silently and patiently waits for my answer.
“Your men would not have run off if you had not told them to,” I flatly state, watching her for a response, which is nothing more than to continue watching me. Which makes me think out loud, “You have been too calm and collected for a prisoner that is being taken to an enemy camp for interrogation. What are you, really? You’re obviously more than a simple foot soldier.”
“Yes,” she says with a coy smile. “I am. I am also very hungry.”
Pulling my pack around, I extract a couple of pouches containing rations and unclip a canteen of water. Though her hands are free, I don’t fear her or worry that she might try to escape. For reasons that I haven’t been able to sort out yet, I have no doubts that if that had been her intention, she would already be gone.
No, she has another motive for staying behind when the others fled. But what it is exactly, I have no idea.
Yet, I know that isn’t entirely true either. I do have some idea, even though it’s hard to fathom, and it might just be wishful thinking on my part. Yet, I can’t help wondering if she hadn’t stay behind for me.
As quickly as I formally consider the thought, I just as quickly chastise myself for thinking it. I mean really, do I have an ego or what?
While I silently reprimand myself for considering such an outlandish and egotistical thought, I also yearn to ask her if there’s any possibility of it. More than likely, she probably stayed behind because she is hoping to negotiate a better life for herself in another country, now that she doesn’t have any family left.
But whatever her reason, I will not voice my wishful question because the possible answer scares me even more than what I want to hear. Moreover, I have to take into consideration the fact that I haven’t been with another woman for some time before my tête-à-tête with Maria and I can’t ignore the very real possibility that what I’m feeling is nothing more than lust. She is a very beautiful, very sexy woman, even with torn and dirty clothes and not a scrap of makeup on. There is a brightness within her that resonates of strength and something more, something that speaks to my heart on a level that only I seem to be able to hear.
Or worse, I’m being played for a sap and I’m nothing more than a pawn in a much larger game of espionage and infiltration. While intelligence believes they are doing the interrogation, in reality, she is the one doing the gathering of information.
***
Handing her a pouch and the canteen, I twist around to face her and draw my knees up with my arms resting on them while I tear open a container of food, or what is supposed to be a close assimilation of food. Glancing over as she settles herself on my right, our knees just mere inches apart, I comment, “Sorry about the food and these fine accommodations.”
She gives me a puzzled look before asking, “Why would you say that? This is much better than anything I’ve eaten in a long time and while you are not responsible for the jungle, it isn’t that bad.” She pauses as if waiting for me to respond, and then adds with just a hint of a smile, “After all, it is not raining.”
Laughing softly while gazing into her dark eyes, I simply reply, “No, for a change it isn’t raining.”
Placing her box of rations and the canteen on the ground beside her, she meets my gaze and asks in a voice that is barely more than a whisper and yet, I can hear the huskiness in it, “So there is no reason for us to get out of our clothes?”
Her question is not really a question about clothes so much as a question of me wanting her again. And I’d be a damned liar if I said I didn’t.
“There is no reason,” I whisper back, the rations forgotten as I pull her body against me, her lips feverishly pressing against mine as she grabs at my belt.
I pull my lips from her only long enough to pull her ratty top over her head, revealing the most beautiful and perfect tits that my eyes have ever seen. My hands quickly engulf them, fondling the firm, silky flesh before rolling the tight little rubies between my thumbs and forefingers, a soft moan escaping her lips that further fuels my passion, driving me wild.
Her tongue darts into my mouth, exploring deeper, trying to have more of me as I slide my hands from her breasts and move up to her shoulders, slowly, almost delicately, laying her on her back. I feel my fatigue pants slide down my hips and erratically fumble with the binding at her waist, a growing sense of impatience at needing to be closer to her, inside her. As the need to feel her naked flesh against and around mine grows, to feel the heat of her core burning with our mutual passion, I am only vaguely aware of our surroundings and the real .possibility of being discovered at any moment.
And then she raises up her sweet ass and her pants slide down to her ankles where she hurriedly kicks them off with the same urgency that is burning me up and all thoughts of being discovered or doing what shouldn’t be done are forgotten.
As my hand slides down the side of her ribs, a small shudder runs down the length of her body. She is close to coming for me and the mere thought that I can bring her so close, so quickly, adds even more fuel to the fire that is threatening to consume us.
My hand pauses to squeeze her firm buttock before coming around and discovering how wet she is for me. There is no stopping what is about to happen, but I have to ask. I can’t go forward without her permission, though it would kill me to stop.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” I breathlessly whisper.
“Please, Joe. Don’t stop,” she cries, her voice beyond sounding desperate. “I need you.”
That is all the encouragement I need. Grabbing my painfully hard member, I guide it to her over heating entrance, my blue eyes looking deeply into her dark, mysterious orbs. I hesitate for just a fraction of time, a voice in the back of my head asking me if I’m sure this is the right thing to be doing.
Before I can ponder the hesitation that I’m feeling, she lifts her ass up and impales herself on my hard as iron cock. When she slides back down, I ride down with her, giving her everything I have. Her body is hot, her core dripping and tight, squeezing my cock with such a force I have never experienced from a woman before. The sensation is so intense, I lose all control of rational thought and when she places the edge of her palm in her mouth and bites down to hold back a scream, her body convulsing beneath me, I know I’m a goner.
No woman has ever felt this awesome, this good, and this right. It’s almost as if there is more happening between us than just sex. But I can’t even process any more than what we just shared, our climaxes coming together as though we were meant for each other.
I roll to the side so as not to cause her pain with my weight and pull her satiated body over with me, wanting, no needing, to keep her close. She snuggles into my chest, her hand drawing little circles around my nipples.
“If you keep that up, we’re going to be going around again,” I whisper into her hair, taking in the scent of her like I never want to forget it, while simultaneously realizing that she’s not mine and never can or ever will be.
She is my prisoner and what we have done twice now is a violation of the Geneva Convention of Ethics during a war. I could be arrested, court martialed, and placed in Leavenworth for what I have done. And, yet, I can’t help but feel that it would all be worth it.



*6*

Realizing that we are still in enemy territory and situations can change without notice, I gently lay her to the side, her eyes studying my face without blinking, and slowly push to my feet. For a long moment, I meet her gaze, my thoughts going to what could be if we had met under different circumstances in another time and place. Would we be feeling this intense attraction for each other? Or would we have just been two ships passing in the night without even being aware of the other?
I like to think that under different circumstances, we would still have found each other. It’s our destiny.
“Come on,” I say, bending down to pick up the dropped rations and hand her top to her before I have another thought. “Hold on just a sec, don’t put that on yet,” I suddenly tell her, moving to where my pack and weapon are lying. It takes me only a moment to pull out my backup tee shirt, which is semi-dry and still clean. “Here,” I say, handing it to her.
“Thank you,” she says, accepting it. Though it wasn’t my intention, the clean tee shirt gives me a much more defined outline of her nipples, which are no longer covered by a stained and dirty piece of material.
While I sit back down and begin on the lousy meal, she tears her old top into a long narrow strip of fabric and ties it in a makeshift bandanna around her head to hold her long black hair off her face. Once she’s satisfied with her handiwork, she too digs into the course meal.
“It ain’t much, but it’s sustenance,” I say, feeling a need to apologize for not being able to provide something better.
“You don’t need to worry about me,” she almost shyly replies, looking at me out of the side of her eyes. “Like I told you before, I’ve been living on worse.”
“I remember. But it doesn’t mean that I don’t wish I could offer you something better.” I pause for moment, finding it curious that it’s so easy to speak openly with her. That has never been a trait of mine, especially where beautiful women were concerned. I’ve always found it much easier to be myself around men, my peers, men that understood what it meant to be a man. Where it felt natural just to speak my mind and kick some ass if someone didn’t agree with what I had to say.
But throw a woman into the mix, unless she was clearly with someone else, and I’d get all tongue tied.
She smiles at me while chewing a mouthful of food as though she’d just read my thoughts and found them funny. After swallowing, she asks with a shy smile, “What would you offer me if you could?”
For a long moment, I sit quietly and study her, envisioning what she would look like in regular clothes and not in torn and dirty blue jeans with my OD green tee shirt. Maybe a summer dress and beach sandals, her hair clean and done up in style. She’d never need makeup with that beautiful olive complexion.
Damn, but she’s a beautiful creature, even without any of that stuff. I’m getting hard again just looking at her with that cute smirk on her face. Why the fuck did I have to meet her here of all places, in this god forsaken stink hole of a country.
But there’s not a damned thing I can do about that except be thankful that I met her at all.
Returning her smile, I crush the pouch and toss it into the brush where it will eventually break down, not leaving any evidence of our passing. Taking a deep breath, I say, “If it were within my powers, sweat heart, I would be treating you to the finest night out that money could buy. It would begin with a five star meal, then dancing and drinks, and eventually ending up in the presidential suite with nothing between us but skin.”
“That sounds nice,” she softly replies, her gaze still on mine. “But only because it would be time spent with you.”
“Ah, but that would only be the beginning of my courtship with you. We would date and get to know each other, both intimately and otherwise.” I pause for a moment, and then smiling innocently say, “Hell, I don’t even know if you have siblings.”
Her face quickly clouds over and she looks away. Fuck! That’s obviously not good. “I’m sorry,” I whisper, reaching out to her. “I didn’t mean to bring up bad memories.”
To my relief, she accepts my comforting arms and leans into my chest, letting me feel her slender little body against my much larger and harder one.
“It’s okay,” she says weakly, the moisture of her tears soaking through my shirt.
Holding her tighter, I say, “I’m really sorry, Maria. I didn’t mean to bring up any bad memories. I promise, I won’t bring it up again unless you want to talk about it.”
She pulls away and hastily wipes at her eyes, suddenly embarrassed to have shown such weakness. That’s not who she is. She’s a tough warrior, as well as something more that I haven’t been able to put my finger on yet. Something that I need to get to the bottom of before I turn her over to the intelligence team for interrogation.
“It’s going to be a short night, we should probably get some rest while we can,” I suggest, retrieving my weapon and pack and unrolling a ground cover to keep the moisture and insects from crawling up and all over us.
She grabs a corner of the tarp and helps stretch it out as if nothing had upset her. “We usually sleep in the trees,” she nonchalantly remarks, trying to make conversation and bridge the awkwardness that has sprung up between us.
“And I usually sleep in a bed,” I reply with a smirk and almost add, “You should try it sometime,” but quickly catch myself, swallowing the words before they slip out. Such a remark would only sound condescending, and while I’m still working through the feelings that I have for her, condescending is not among them.
***
Though we sleep next to each other, I force myself not to reach over and pull her up against me. For the entire time that we lie there, my body is fighting with my brain to do just that. And because of the turmoil going on in my head, I am awake except for short snatches of sleep.
It’s during one of these short snatches of sleep that I suddenly wake to the sound of softly approaching footsteps. Without opening my eyes, I guess the distance and direction while noting that Maria is breathing softly and steadily next to me. It is not the breathing pattern of a sleeping body.
She too has heard the approaching two-legged creature.
My hand is on the grip of my Colt, the leather harness already unsnapped and pushed aside.
“If you two had planned on sleeping in today, I wish you had told the rest of us so we could have slept in too,” comes Ted’s teasing voice with just a hint of sarcasm mixed in it.
Opening my eyes to the dark of night, I release my grip on my Colt and re-snap the harness to secure it in place as I push up into a sitting position. “No one’s sleeping in,” I grumpily respond, rubbing my eyes.
“Whew, aren’t you two just the cozy couple,” he laughs, stopping within a few feet of our ground cover. It hasn’t slipped his notice that Maria is no longer trussed up like a hog.
His attitude triggers a shot of hostility in me and I jump to my feet, getting right up in his face. But before I can open my mouth to reprimand his insolence and insubordination, even if what he suspects is spot on, Maria has also risen and places a calming hand on my bare arm. Though she doesn’t grip me tightly or put much restraining effort into it, I pull up short like a dog that has come to the end of his chain.
Realizing how close he’s come to being on the receiving end of my wrath, Ted takes an involuntary step back and softly forms an apology. “I’m sorry, Joe. You know I didn’t mean you any disrespect.”
With Maria’s hand still on my arm, something that Ted has also taken notice of, I quickly calm down, regaining my composure and replying with a stern voice, my eyes locked on his, “Call in Allen and John. We’ll eat before we head out. Once we start there’ll be no stopping till we reach base, so make the most of it.”
“Yes, Boss,” he says, and then gives three short whistles before pulling his pack around and digging out a couple pouches of rations. Without having to ask, he flips one to Maria who catches it in mid-air with a nod of thanks.
Pulling a canteen free from my pack, I give it a quick shake to get a feel for how much is left before handing it to Maria as Allen comes trudging in to our makeshift camp. It doesn’t escape his notice either that Maria is no longer tied up. But unlike Ted’s flippant remark, he simply raises an eyebrow and then ignores the fact, assuming that everything must be kosher.
John is the last one to join us and we all sit in a circle on the ground cover that Maria and I slept on the night before while digging into our rations as if enjoying a meal at a 5-star hotel. Hunger will do that to a person.
When everyone is finished, I get to my feet and let Allen know that John is taking point followed by Ted and that he’ll be bringing up the rear. The plan is to push ourselves until we reach base camp.
With no comments, John pulls on his pack and sets off down the trail. Ted gives him a couple of minutes, and then sets off after him, only giving me a sidelong look that basically says he’s not disapproving of what he saw earlier.
With Maria in front of me, I indicate for her to set off with me close on her heels. A quick glance back over my shoulder reveals Allen taking his time rolling up the tarp to give us a few minute’s head start.
We push hard, arriving at base camp just before dark, our fatigues soaked through with sweat. Though I hadn’t planned any stops, we took five minutes at a small creek and refilled our canteens. The journey was uneventful, but very tiring, and all of us were just looking for a dry place to lay our heads and catch some shuteye when we hit base.
The minute the sentries alerted the powers-that-be of our arrival, a couple of intelligence officers came running to intercept us. Unfortunately, I never managed to discover if Maria had any other motives for remaining with us when she could have easily slipped away with the others. But even though she was no longer my prisoner, I still had limited access to her. And there was no way in hell I was going to let her just disappear from my life.
***
When I woke the next morning, the first thing I did was head over to the command tent to check on Maria. On the way over, I grabbed a couple of cups of coffee from the mess tent as I passed by it, hoping to surprise her. They make a mean cup of coffee if nothing else. Columbian, no doubt.
Base camp covers approximately 10 square acres carved out of a jungle hotbed of drug smugglers and native rebels defiant of their domineering government. Drug smugglers and homegrown rebels didn’t necessarily go hand in hand with the other, but they shared a common enemy none-the-less; the current governing body of the land and its quasi-military and mostly corrupt police force, which for political reasons that are beyond my pay grade, is a current U.S. ally. This common enemy made them questionable allies. Sometimes going so far as to betray each other when it was beneficial, but never holding a grudge against the other for doing so. Like I said, questionable allies.
Hence, the situation I currently find myself. The U.S. is giving aid and training to the indigenous governing group while also doing our own brand of surveillance and intelligence gathering for the CIA, DEA, and others. Even if most of the cartel trade is happening north of here in Mexico proper, there’s no shortage of drug manufacturing and exporting going on.
But those thoughts are far from my mind as the stronger thought of seeing Maria again, even though it’s been mere hours since we’ve been apart, has added a definite spring to my step and plastered a stupid grin on my face. For their sakes, they better have been treating her right. I expect she’ll be wearing fresh clothes and have had access to a shower by now as well as a decent meal. Water boarding and such barbaric tactics only happen with suspected terrorists and hardened killers. Maria is none of those things. She is simply a warrior such as myself.
Or is she?
You can imagine my surprise and outrage when I reach the intelligence command tent only to discover that Maria has been spirited out of camp during the night and taken to an undisclosed location in the states for more intense interrogation.
Just who the hell is she and what the hell does she know? And whatever it is, did it have anything to do with her remaining behind when the others escaped?
As hard as it is to believe that we discovered a genuine connection that transcended this war, I also believed it couldn’t be one sided. She wasn’t faking her feelings for me anymore than I was toward her. It felt much too real. There’s no way she was using me! I can’t and won’t accept that.
And yet, it hurts.



*7*

But that was another time in another world far south of our border. That particular war will probably never be over, but I’m no longer a part of it. Only the memory of Maria and my unending search for her over the past six long years is all that matters, because when she disappeared from my life that hot and humid night, she took my heart with her and I have never so much as looked at another woman since.
But that would all change one cold and wet night.
The second woman of importance in my life, well, she didn’t miss when she pulled the trigger, figuratively or otherwise. Her aim was spot on and I’m still feeling and reeling from the pain. Moreover, she’s not in hiding. I just have to fire up my old smart phone and I can pull up a picture of her. Hell, it might even have been on the walls of the local post offices with the other 9 most wanted if things had turned out the way she intended.
We met in a bar, of all places. And no, she wasn’t working. At least not in the same sense as some of the other young and not so young ladies that were also frequenting the bar on that wet and stormy night in February in a dive on the seedy side of Harrisonburg, Virginia. It was the rain and cold wind bringing in the other ladies, looking for shelter from the storm and a moment of respite from the street. Jack, the bartender/owner of the place didn’t have a problem with them hanging out in his less than fine establishment. In fact, he actually encouraged it, sometimes offering them free hot coco or a mug of steaming tea to warm them up. It was just one of his many ways of bringing in the male customers with money. No male patrons entered or left without buying something, even though there was no sign indicating it was mandatory. His tactics might be a tad sexist, but no one else was paying his overhead.
But getting back to Jayne. If she was working, it was in a much less obvious way. Trolling might be a better way of putting it. But in retrospect, it felt much more like I was being targeted. While I was there routinely putting away my share of cheap rum on the rocks while winding down after another unproductive week of chasing dead ends or meeting up with sleazy informants that had better connections than myself, Jayne was not. In fact, this is the first time I’d ever seen her in Jack’s Place, which is the name of the current owner that someone carved in an old heavy plank hanging over the door and indicating it as such. No one really knows what the place was called originally before Jack took it over, as the business license and registration is conveniently absent from the frame still hanging on the wall behind the bar. But it’s been Jack’s Place for the last six years that I’ve been frequenting the place.
If she had been in here before, I would have remembered her. And not just because she was the most beautiful woman in the place, but because she was absolutely stunning. Long blonde hair with even longer shapely legs winding up in one fine looking ass, nice firm tits, soft luscious lips, and the deepest, most soulful grey eyes that just sucked you in to their depths. She belonged in Hollywood, not some dive in Virginia. And those legs definitely belonged around my waist.
When she sauntered up to my side at the bar and asked in a sultry voice if the stool beside me was spoken for, she was really asking if I was spoken for. And in that moment of time when our eyes locked on each other, I was the freest man on this planet. Hell, even if I had been married with a dozen kids at home, in that moment of time, I was fucking free.
Now, if I’d had a clear mind, I would have run. Or maybe told her I was meeting with someone. At the least, I should have noticed the look Jack gave me when I didn’t do any of those things. He was one of the few that knew my story. But instead of doing any of those things, I smoothly replied, “I was saving it just for you.”
Cheesy as the remark was, she giggled, her voice tinkling softly like a siren call that was meant for only me. And then she climbed up on the stool, her arm brushing against mine and setting off a tingling that flew straight to my groin.
Somewhere in the back of my mind a warning was going off. It was screaming at me that she is too good to be true, and I ignored it with ease for several reasons, not the least of which being that I hadn’t had an enjoyable sexual encounter in more than six years, and the other being, she was damn beautiful.
Jack slid up across the bar from us and while looking at me asks the lady in his usual bartender drawl, “What’ll it be Miss?”
Giggling, and almost falling off the stool if not for my quick reflexes, I grab her around the waist and pull her up against me to steady her. The smell of lavender and something fruity instantly hits my senses, while I probably stink of stale cigars and cheap booze.
After righting herself and glancing self-consciously in my direction, she turns toward Jack and in that sultry voice says, “I’ll have him.” Then, as if realizing what she’d just said, turns a deep crimson shade of embarrassment and quickly corrects herself, “I mean, what he’s having. Two of them.”
“Really thirsty, huh?” I smirk, knowing full well that she intended to buy me a drink and not both of them for herself.
“Oh my, no. I meant one for you,” she blurts, turning even a brighter shade of red, if that’s possible, while putting her hand in front of her face in an attempt to hide it.
I can’t help thinking that she’s just too cute, and hot. Damn is she hot! And if she touches me even one more time, accidently or otherwise, the bulge in my pants is going to bust a seam.
“I don’t think I’ve seen you here before,” I lamely comment, my mind unable to come up with its normally witty remarks while trying to put her at ease.
“Oh God no,” she blurts while swinging an arm around as if to imply that I should only need to take a look around and understand for myself why, before she turns an even brighter shade of red. “I’m sorry, that didn’t come out the way I’d intended,” she quickly apologizes. “I didn’t mean for it to sound like this place is a dump or anything...”
“But it is,” I respond with a smile, cutting her off.
She looks at me while holding her breath, and then more cautiously scans the place again as if taking in the patrons and the shabby decor with a new set of eyes. “Oh crap. I’m sorry, but you’re so right. This place really stinks.”
“Hey, it may not be the Hilton, but it ain’t that bad,” barks Jack, his lips in a straight line of defiance. “You still want those two drinks?” he adds, his expression clearly implying that he might just as easily ask her to leave for insulting his pride and joy of a dive.
Without it being a conscious effort, she reaches across the bar and softly rests her hand over Jack’s and sincerely apologizes. “I’m really sorry, Jack. Your place here is...” she hesitates, looking for a kind way of stating the obvious when I cut in, coming to her rescue once again.
“Filled with a unique ambience and character,” I finish for her with a flair. “And yes, Jack, we’ll still have those drinks,” I add, giving my friend a look that clearly says, “Back off.”
With a shrug of his shoulders and one last glare in Jayne’s direction, he heads off to get our drinks. He knows as well as I do that this woman is slumming, trying to escape something, and she’s set her sights on me to make her forget. Well, I’ve fought off worse, though I doubt I’ll be putting up much of a fight with this one.
Hell, truth be known, I surrendered to her the minute she walked in the door.
The sultry voice returns when she says, “I really didn’t mean to upset him. But you have to admit, this place really is low class. You don’t think he’ll spit in my drink or anything, do you?”
On the one hand, I wanted to laugh and reassure her that Jack wouldn’t stoop to those levels, but on the other hand, I wasn’t really sure. Still, I’m not sure I appreciated her calling my second home/office a dive. I’ve been in worse, believe me.
The apologies again. “I’m sorry, that didn’t come out right either. I didn’t mean to imply that because of what I think of this place it’s a reflection on you.” She pauses to catch her breath, the pink rising up the sides of her cheeks again. “I just seem to keep opening my mouth and inserting my foot, don’t I? Maybe I should do us both a favor and just drink my drink and get out of here before I say something that I can’t take back.”
“That would be a real shame,” I drawl, finding myself even more attracted to her by the look of sincerity.
“Which, that I leave, or that I say something even stupider than I’ve already said, if that’s even possible?”
“Both,” I say, giving her one of my best attempts at a seductive smile.
She playfully hits my shoulder with the back of her right hand just as Jack returns with our drinks. “Put it on my tab, Jack,” I say, without turning my head away from her.
“Already done,” he grumbles, before clearing his throat, and when not getting any acknowledgement for it, saunters down the bar to look after other customers.
“You shouldn’t have done that,” she says with a seductive smile of her own.
“There’s a lot of things I shouldn’t have done,” I pause for a tense moment before leaning in toward her and whispering in her ear, “Or things that I shouldn’t but am going to do anyway.”
Her cheeks turn a bright shade of red again, a color that I’m really liking on her.
“I meant the drinks,” she says, a bit breathlessly. “I was going to buy you a drink, remember?”
“Were you now?” I tease, reaching out and tenderly moving some of her long blonde strands behind her ear.
“Stop that. You’re just teasing. You know I was going to buy you a drink,” she softly replies, pushing out her lower lip in a cute-as-hell pout.
Damn, she’s just too fucking cute to be real, and moreover, while she’s sitting here next to me, all the problems in my world just disappeared. For the first time in longer than I can remember, I’m not thinking about Maria. Or my so far fruitless search for her.
***
When I barged into the command tent that day, I had no idea my world and my life as I knew it was going to change forever. I naively strode up to the duty sergeant with the biggest shit-eating grin on my face, fully expecting to be allowed to see her, only to be told that she’d been taken out of the damned country. Imagine my surprise when I asked which base they were taking her to and being told that that information was above my pay grade. I was a fucking U.S. Army Ranger with a Top Secret Clearance. I handled intelligence and the collection of it on a daily basis. That was my fucking job. Nothing was above my paygrade. Nothing!
Dropping the cups of coffee on the floor, I grabbed the duty sergeant by the front of his shirt and yanked him right over the top of his desk to his feet, bringing his face right up to mine before saying, “I’m going to ask you this one more time, and only once. If you don’t tell me what I need to know, I’m going to rain down so much hell on you they’ll need a broom and dust pan to gather you back up. Where did they take her?”
When his mouth begins to open, his lower lip quivering, I hiss at him before he can answer, “Think, before you reply, sergeant.”
“I I can’t,” he stutters, his face turning beet red.
“Can’t or won’t?”
“Both!” comes a loud voice from off to my left. “Now unhand that man before I call the MP’s.”
“Sir,” I reply, holding the sergeant steady before shoving him away so hard he trips and only barely catches himself on the edge of his desk before falling to the floor.
“In my office. Now, soldier!”
Captain Zott is a no nonsense type of man. In his early sixties, six-foot two-inches, shaven head, and just a few extra pounds around the middle, he’s still a force to be reckoned with and has the respect of every Ranger in his command.
The captain didn’t wait for me to turn toward him, but immediately retreated to his office with the full expectation that I would be right on his heels. And he was right.
“Shut the door and sit down,” he says sternly, taking his own seat behind his desk.
As I slowly lower myself into the chair directly between his desk and the door, he begins talking, my expectation being that he’s going to tell me where they’ve taken her and why.
But that doesn’t turn out to be the case at all.
“I don’t know what your interest in that woman is, Joe, but you better get over it,” he begins, his voice stern and unswaying.”
“I don’t understand, Sir,” I reply, confused.
As I begin to form a direct question, he cuts me off. “This is one of those rare circumstances son, where it’s not up for debate whether you understand or not. That’s irrelevant.”
“Who the hell is she and what does she know, Sir? I’ve sat in on interrogations of prisoners before. What makes her so special that I can’t even be told where they’ve taken her?”
“That’s irrelevant too.” He pauses for a moment while he meets my gaze head on. No one and nothing intimidates Captain Zott, myself included. “This is what I can tell you,” he finally begins. But as soon as I lean forward, anticipating something of importance, he says, “Nothing. That is all I can tell you. Whatever she knows, they wouldn’t even share it with me. One minute they’re all heading into the interrogation room and the next there’s a chopper landing in the square and they’re all climbing on board. No explanation and my enquiries have fallen on deaf ears. My contacts either don’t know anything, or they’re not telling.”
“That isn’t right,” I begin, thinking furiously, trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
“Right or wrong, whatever it is, my recommendation to you son is that you let it go and move on. You understand what I’m telling you?”
“Yes, Sir,” I reply, my voice barely audible as I struggle woodenly to my feet. This conversation is over and if there’s anything good to be said about it, it’s only that my commanding officer didn’t force the issue regarding why I was so worked up about a prisoner. He knows. He knows that I developed feelings for a prisoner in my custody. Whether he knows anymore than that, I have no idea. But I do know that he didn’t push it because he knows as well as I do that no good would come of it if he did. Especially for me, which means I owe him now.
But that didn’t mean that I didn’t love her any less.
Love her? Where the hell did that come from? I’ve only just met her!
***
We finish off our drinks in record time, both knowing there’s nothing more to be accomplished here. She picked up her distraction, namely me, and I now have a new distraction, namely her. It’s time to move this show forward.
I throw Jack a knowing nod as we move toward the exit, my hand automatically moving to the small of her back in a claiming manner for all to see. The feel of her body moving beneath the layers of fabric is almost more than I can handle, and I find myself hurrying her along before quickly reaching around her to pull the door open.
“Did you drive?” I ask, remembering the way she nearly fell off the bar stool and into my arms.
“No, a cab.”
“Then let me offer you a ride home,” I say, giving her a chance to change her mind about me.
“That would be nice,” she says, smiling coyly just before a gust of wet wind whips up against us and I reflexively throw a protective arm around her shoulder and pull her in close to me, surprised at my sudden desire to go all protective on her.
The wind and rain haven’t let up and her blonde strands are flying everywhere as we hurry down alongside the building, keeping under the awning that protrudes a good eight feet out with head-in parking perpendicular to it. When we reach my truck, I tell her to give me a minute while I run out into the rain to unlock the passenger’s door and then wait until she hurries toward me before swinging it open and giving her a hand up.
With her securely in the passenger seat of my truck, I run around the back and jump in the driver’s side. While she only got a light dose of rain on her, barely enough to make her hair frizzy, my shirt and light jacket are soaked through to the skin.
Turning the key, I fire up the truck and put the heater on high, looking over at her with a smile, knowing I probably look like a drowned rat. She smiles back, trying to hold in a laugh, and then shyly blurting, “You look soaked through. We need to get you home and into something dry.”
My thoughts exactly.



*8*

Before the heat begins to blast out of the vents, a cold chill begins creeping into my body. “Which way?” I ask, ignoring the chill as I put the truck in gear.
“Take a right out of the parking lot,” she says, before reaching over and placing a hand on my wet shoulder and squeezing the fabric of the jacket. “You really are soaked. That has to feel cold,” she adds.
I swear I can feel the heat of her touch all the way to my groin. If I don’t get her someplace private and quick, we’re going to be going at it on the front seat of my truck. “Is it far?” I ask, my pants growing tighter through the groin area with each passing second.
“No, just a little ways up the road here. I think,”
“You think?” I blurt, turning to look at her. “You don’t know where you live?”
“Hey,” she says defensively. “I just moved here this week. That’s why I stumbled into that so-called drinking establishment you so fondly refer to as Jack’s Place. Trust me, it was purely accidental and I’ll never take a cabbies word for anything ever again.”
Laughing, I ask her, “What did you do that could turn a cabbie against you in such a short distance?”
“Why can’t Americans drive cabs anymore?” she haughtily replies, as though the racial inference to the cab driver being a minority should explain everything.
The little hairs rise on the back of my neck again, for the second time since meeting her, indicating that something isn’t quite right. And just as quickly, almost as if she senses that she’s losing me, she squeezes my arm softly and bats those lashes at me with just a hint of a smile. Instantly, the only thoughts that register in my head aren’t coming from my brain, but instead, they’re coming from below my waist, and the little hairs on the back of my neck are lying down once again.
Driving over the speed limit and hitting stops without really stopping in an effort to reach her place in as little time as possible, I begin to realize that her place is just a little farther down the road than she had initially indicated. Of course, that might just be my impatience kicking in, but I’m not convinced that’s all it is, and that in itself is troubling. Since becoming a PI, I’ve learned not to take everything at face value. So maybe it’s just my new sense of paranoia kicking in and making things seem more suspicious than they really are.
“How much farther?” I nonchalantly ask, slowing down in anticipation of a light turning green.
“Not much,” she softly replies, leaning over the console between us and resting her warm hand on my thigh. If I suspected anything, I was once again too distracted to pay attention to my own suspicions.
Accelerating through the intersection, I look over at her and she smiles coyly back at me, her hand teasingly sliding further up my thigh, an onslaught of heat shooting straight into my groin. I can’t help thinking but damn how beautiful she is.
We go another five miles, passing several nice places that serve alcohol and food, before she gives my thigh a squeeze and lets go, using her hand to indicate an upcoming intersection and that I should turn right at it. I take the corner fast to beat the light and she presses her hand up against my shoulder from the G forces.
“Just a little farther here, and then another right where you see the lit up sign there,” she says, licking her lips as if anticipating something good. Watching her, I almost miss the turn.
We bump up a small grade and enter a large parking lot surrounded by what can only be described as one huge apartment complex. The buildings are red brick, nine stories high, with openings spaced evenly along the back side of the buildings containing stairwells that open out into the parking lot.
“Any space that isn’t numbered is up for grabs,” she says, indicating all the striped spaces nearer the buildings that have numbers in them. “I’m in unit 91, over there,” she adds, nodding toward a specific building while gathering her purse.
I pull into the nearest empty spot to her building which just so happens to be number 91 and quickly shut off the engine while looking over at her questioningly, wondering why such a beautiful woman would be interested in me and whether she’s having second thoughts about bringing me to her home. Especially considering that she’s only lived here a week and she doesn’t know me from Adam.
Before I can voice my thoughts, she smiles at me, playfully batting her lashes again, and says, “This is where I’m supposed to ask you if you would like to come up for coffee before you head home,”
“Supposed to, or are going to?”
“If we don’t hurry, we’re both going to be soaked,” she replies, ignoring my question.
“Hold on, let me get the door for you and we’ll make the run together,” I say, turning off the lights and jumping out of the truck. Even though my jacket is still wet, I figure it’ll offer her some protection, and as I jog around to her side of the truck, I slip it off before pulling her door open.
“Here, hold it over your head,” I say as she slides off the seat to the pavement. “It isn’t much, but it’s better than nothing.”
She does as instructed, but hesitates for a moment, studying my chest and abs now clearly visible due to the soaked shirt that is clinging tightly to my skin. I smile as she subconsciously licks her lower lip, knowing she likes what she sees.
Helping her hold the jacket in place over her head, we run across the parking lot to the nearest entryway. As we rush into the open stairwell, our breaths steaming in the cool, damp air, she turns toward me, the jacket sliding down to her shoulders and I automatically pull her into an embrace, my lips zeroing in on hers as her mouth opens in anticipation.
Crushing her lips to mine, our tongues do a dance of exploration and lustful joy. The heat coming off her body further fuels the fire burning between us. I’m certain that if I weren’t soaking wet I’d combust. My hands rove up and down her back, pressing into the small curvature above her ass and forcing her lower belly against my rock hard cock. When she moans deep in her throat, I literally come undone.
“Does this mean you’re coming up for coffee?” she breathlessly asks, intentionally pressing her thigh against the solid bulge in my pants.
Before I can answer, her hands entwine on the back of my neck and she pulls my head down, her lips coming against mine as if we are magnets. Sliding my hands lower until they’re covering the nice firm cheeks of her ass, I continue lower, forcing her to arch backwards until I sweep her up into my arms, her legs wrapping around my waist with her heated core pressed against my swollen cock that is growing more painfully hard by the minute.
Without breaking our kiss, I carry her up the nine flights of stairs as though she doesn’t weigh a thing. When I stop in front of her door, I pull my lips off hers only long enough to say the word, “Keys,” and then lock back on as she hurriedly digs into her purse, spilling items on the hall floor in her haste.
When I slowly lean down to put her back on her feet, she silently protests and keeps her legs wrapped tightly around me while reaching awkwardly to insert the key in the lock and turning the knob. I knee the partially open door aside and then kick the dropped contents from her purse into the suite before angling my leg just enough to kick the door shut with my heel as she points with the key toward a hallway that obviously leads to a bedroom before dropping the key and her purse on the floor with the other items already scattered there.
I’m not sure which is making my heart race faster, the exertion from the climb up the stairs, or the anticipation of being with her. All of her.
The way she’s made me forget everything else so completely should be unnerving, but I don’t believe she even realizes what she’s doing.
Moving down the hall, I see an open door and the outlines of a large bed illuminated by the outside floodlights coming from the parking lot. If her curtains had been closed I never would have seen it in the dark. Not slowing down, I charge through the doorway, suddenly stopping at the side of her bed as the realization that lying her down on it also means breaking our kiss. My body will no longer be physically connected to hers, and the thought scares the shit out of me.
But how stupid is that? I’ve just met this woman and by morning, or sooner, she’ll probably be asking me to leave, without so much as asking me for my number. I’ve been around the block a time or two. No one has to tell me that something upset her tonight and she was out slumming, looking for something or someone to offer her a temporary distraction, not meet the love of her life.
Though the sobering realization is like a glass of cold water to the face, it doesn’t stop my heart from reaching out.
Lowering her to the bed, we both hesitate to break our contact, and when we do, it’s like we jump into warp speed. While she reaches for my belt buckle, I’m pulling off her top as buttons fly everywhere, first hers, then mine.
For the briefest of moments, she pauses in her frenzy to undress me and takes a breath, her eyes studying the hard planes of my upper body. The need is strong in her lust clouded eyes, but she totally undoes me with one breathlessly uttered word, “Joe.”
I stop, my gaze meeting her eyes and seeing something more than need and lust in them. Is it possible that she feels something more too? Or is it just my imagination?
“You’re killing me here, Jayne,” I growl, waiting for her to resume.
Her eyes light up with mischief then and one corner of her lip turns up in a smirk. She’s just teasing me now.
***
Standing by the side of the bed, the only light a muted reflection coming in through the windows from the security lamps lighting up the outside of the building. In this light as she lies on her back, one leg slightly lifted in anticipation, she looks like a goddess, her pale skin glowing with a warmth that draws me to her.
Through a suddenly dry throat, I whisper, “You are the most beautiful woman.”
She smiles, languorously spreading her legs and asks, “What are you waiting for then?”
Not needing any more of an invitation than that, I drop down on the bed next to her, my mouth coming down over hers, our tongues picking up the dance like they’d never been apart. She tastes sweeter with each kiss and I can’t wait to taste all of her.
While I prop myself on my left elbow, my right hand slides across her bare skin until I’m cupping her left breast, testing the heavy weight of it and loving the silky smoothness. When I roll her nipple between my thumb and forefinger, it quickly pebbles into a solid marble. Her body is so responsive to me it drives me even wilder.
Unable to wait any longer, I run my tongue down the side of her throat, nipping her ear lobe along the way. With ease, I reposition my body lower in the bed so that her breasts are now within reach of my hungry mouth, taking in first one, and then the other, savoring each with a soft bite before sliding further down the bed, my mouth and tongue working ever lower on her body.
When my right hand runs down the inside of her thigh, pausing to feel the wetness of her core, she whimpers softly and her body shudders involuntarily, sending a spark of electricity straight into my groin. I want this woman more than anything. But whether she sees this as a temporary distraction or something more, I have no idea. Nor in this moment do I really care.
Sliding a finger into her, she lets out a soft moan of pleasure, her hands moving to my head and pushing it down towards her shaved and soaking pussy. She knows what she wants and tonight, I’m the man to give it to her.
When I pull back to reposition myself on my knees between her spread legs, she raises her hips as if in search of me, her grey eyes gazing deeply into mine, mesmerizing in intensity.
With a hand on either inner thigh, I slide down to her, a whisper of breath blowing over her soaking folds before sliding my tongue along the length of her core.
“Oh Joe,” she breathily moans. “Yes, yes.”
Her body tastes exquisite, like sweetened honey, and I lap at her like the dog I am, working my tongue into her, searching for her bundle of nerves that will send her spiraling out of control. Cupping the cheeks of her ass, I push in with my tongue, her juices flowing unabated as her heart rate climbs. She is getting closer. So close.
When I push in with a thumb against the tight little bundle of nerves, she lets out a long screaming cry that sounds eerily like my name, and I feel like the king of the world. Almost immediately her body starts shaking and convulsing, her eyes rolling into the back of her head, her breath rushing forcefully in and out. She’s mine.
“Oh God,” she whimpers breathlessly as she slowly comes back to earth and I finally pull my cum drenched face away from her core. “Oh God, that was good,” she breathlessly moans.
“Baby, we’re just getting started,” I reply with a grin as I slide up the bed, my hands running over her sweat covered body, pausing only long enough on her breasts to elicit another soft groan before kissing her beautifully swollen lips.
Though she can taste herself on me, she doesn’t pull back until I roll away from her in search of my pants on the floor.
“Where are you going?” she asks, her brows knitting together in confusion as she sits up in the bed. When I sweep up my pants and pull out my wallet the look on her face instantly turns to one of anger and something else that I can’t describe, but makes her even more beautiful with her mussed up hair and puffy lips. She definitely has that satiated woman look going on.
“Thought this might come in handy,” I reply with a knowing smirk, while holding up a foil packet. “Surely you didn’t think you’d be the only one cumming tonight, baby.”
“You were teasing me,” she pouts, dropping back against the pillow.
“If I upset you, maybe you’ll let me make it up to you,” I say, crawling on top of her but holding the bulk of my weight on my elbows so I don’t crush her as I settle in between her legs.
“Oh, you’re going to make it up to me,” she purrs seductively, reaching between my legs and grabbing hold of my manhood. “You are so going to make it up to me.”
Slipping under me like an eel in water, she smoothly slides my cock into her hot mouth, my hands bracing on her pillow for support as a low growl emanates from deep within my chest. In the back of my mind I have this fleeting thought that she’s done this before. But who am I to judge? This isn’t my first rodeo either.
“Ooh babe. If you keep that up, we’re not going to need this condom,” I breathlessly tell her as she takes my full length into her mouth and down her throat.
She holds me in for a moment, her head shaking slightly, sending a thrilling sensation deep into my balls. Then she slowly backs off, pausing for a moment to work the head of my cock with her tongue and giving it a longing kiss before sliding back up the sheets while her hand continues holding on to me.
When her lips find mine again, she slips the condom from my hand and tears open the packet. With a practiced ease, she armors my manhood and guides her slick pussy into place so that I just have to lower myself into her. With the head of my penus just inside her hot folds, she jerks up, driving the full length of me into her.
Before she can pull back, I slip my hands beneath her back and roll us over, placing her on top of me where she can be in full control, since that seems to be what’s driving her now. I have no complaints, and I suck in a sharp breath when her pussy clenches around me before slowly, painstakingly slowly, rises up until just the very peak of my manhood is still within her hot folds, her inner core muscles gripping me tightly. It’s a sensation that quickly threatens to undo me.
Her experience and finesse is unparalleled. All sane thoughts slip away as my balls suddenly tighten and the first spasms of my orgasm begin to unravel me at the same time she too begins to spasm and convulse on top of me. Together, we each experience an earth shattering climax that leaves me breathless and exhausted.
Jayne rolls off me then and snuggles into my side with a contented look on her face as she quickly falls asleep in my arms. When my breathing is back to normal and my brain is able to function again, I find myself with only two questions on my mind, the first of which I think I already know the answer to. “Does she expect me to spend the night?” And the other, the most important one that I don’t have an answer to. “What have I gotten myself into?” Because this woman could easily be the death of me.



*9*

The sun streaming in through the open curtains wakes me and I slowly open my eyes with as little movement as possible. There is a lot of training that will never leave me, even though I’m no longer with the Army Rangers, and waking up without movement is one of those things. Absorbing my surroundings and doing an evaluation of any inherent danger is as ingrained into my psyche as is breathing.
Of course, my life of late has been that of a PI, Private Investigator, because it’s a job I can do without answering to anyone but my clients. No time clock to punch, no senior officers to report to, and no boss ordering me around. Furthermore, it gives me access to information that I wouldn’t have access to if I were still enlisted. At least not the kind of information that comes legally or without a small price tag attached.
All in all, I’ve been doing very well for myself financially, just not so well emotionally. Because even though I have maintained a lot of my old contacts over the past few years from the military and the CIA, as well as cultivating a few new ones in different police departments around the country and even a couple of FBI agents on my call list, I have not made any progress toward finding Maria. Every lead is a dead end. If anyone knows of her whereabouts, they’re not sharing that information with me or anyone that is confiding with me.
But that is not on my mind as I slowly move my head to take in the room that I’d only glimpsed in shadows the night before. But even if it had been drenched in bright lights, I’m not sure I would have taken much notice.
Determining that all is secure, I move my free arm, taking in the naked woman glued to me because of dried perspiration sticking our naked bodies together. Her face looks peaceful and my first coherent thought is that she is much more beautiful in the light of day, and that is one fine looking ass that I can see where the blankets have slid down to expose her silky smooth bare skin, the glow of sunlight highlighting the soft peach fuzz that makes her feel so silky in the dark of night.
There is no way I’m going to get out of this bed without waking her, but I’m not sure that’s so bad, as my cock begins to push against her belly, a lazy smile forming on her lips as her eyes flutter open. “Is that your idea of a wakeup call? Because if it is, you won’t get any objections from me,” she murmurs softly as her hand slides down to grab my penus, her fingers gently stroking its length.
When it twitches in her hand, she breaks the bond between our skin and climbs on top of me, her mouth and tongue working a slow trek down my chest and stomach. With an ease that surprises and delights me, she raises her body and slips my rock hard member into the warm moist folds of heaven.
Even before I can grab her by the hips and help out, her core clenches tightly around me, beginning to work its magic, making me light headed with lust and desire. “Oh babe,” I hiss, my groin tightening in anticipation of an orgasmic release.
“You like that?” she innocently asks while chewing on her bottom lip, her body rising and falling above me.
“Oh, if you have to ask,” I moan, my body beginning to rise and fall in rhythm with hers. “Babe, I’m not going to last much longer,” I breathlessly say. “Can you reach my wallet? I’ve got more protection.”
“It’s a little late for that, don’t you think? But if you’re really concerned, I am on birth control,” she huskily replies, her breathing growing faster and shallower with each passing second as she climbs closer to her own release.
“Oh yeah. Right now, baby. Come with me,” I command as I reach for the globes of her ass and give a firm squeeze, my body pushing up into her with each frantic stroke.
My vision darkens and my cock starts jerking as it spurts hot semen deep inside her. Almost simultaneously, she convulses over me, her pussy clenching and un-clenching rapidly, milking my solid cock for all its worth while her body quivers and jerks spasmodically.
She collapses on top of me, her breasts pressed against my chest while my cock remains buried deep within the hot folds of her core. We lay together for a few moments, our hearts beating in rhythm. When my breathing is almost normal, I lean down and softly kiss the top of her head and whisper in her ear, “What am I going to do with you?”
Looking up at me with those soulful grey eyes, she smiles and says, “You just keep doing what you’re doing and we’ll get along just fine.”
Her words should have stood the hairs on the back of my neck up in warning, but I was already too far gone and I hadn’t even known her for a full twenty-four hours yet.
“I’ll go put on some coffee and see what you have in the kitchen that I can turn into breakfast if you want to take the first shower,” I offer, kinda hoping she invites me into the shower with her.
But the offer isn’t forthcoming. Instead, she takes me up on mine and says to use whatever I find in the fridge and which cupboard she thinks the coffee is in. As she slides off the bed, giving my body a thorough exam with her beautiful eyes, I wonder if she’s rethinking coffee and breakfast. But instead, she simply states, “I’m not much of a domestic, so I’m not really sure what you’ll find in there, but you might want to give everything the smell test before you use it. If we’re going to be in bed, I don’t want it to be because of food poisoning.”
With that said, she turns and heads out the door. A moment later, I hear another door shut followed by the sound of running water; my clue to get out of bed and get started on that breakfast I promised her.
***
In the kitchen, I find the coffee maker on the counter and grounds in the cupboard just where she said they would be. She may not be a domestic goddess, but she obviously likes her coffee as there are quite a few different blends. I pick out a dark rich one and set up the pot. With the water dripping through the grounds and the aroma filling the air like nothing else can, I head to the fridge to see what I’ve got to work with.
Pulling out an almost full dozen eggs and a block of moldy cheese, I figure at the least I can whip up a couple of omelets. I find a loaf of stale bread that’s not moldy yet, so I throw that on the counter and go in search through the cupboards for a toaster and then back to the fridge for butter and jam.
By the time she comes strolling into the kitchen fully dressed and her hair styled and dried, I’ve placed a setting for two at the kitchen island and have everything just warming in anticipation of her arrival.
“Oh my God, this is the best this kitchen has ever smelled,” she says with a huge smile, making her way directly to me and giving me a firm kiss on the lips that has my cock twitching in anticipation of more to come. I take note that she’s already dressed in a business type, midnight blue pantsuit, and wearing just a touch of concealer with a deep red lip gloss. She definitely looks dressed to kill, though I’m not sure why that thought popped into my head.
“Damn it woman, you want breakfast or me?” I ask with a laugh when she pulls away and turns toward the island to grab a stool.
My ego takes a definite hit when she drops down on the stool and coolly states, “I haven’t eaten anything in what seems like days and I’m starving, so yeah, I guess it’ll be breakfast for now. Besides, I have to get going.” Ouch!
Breakfast is a quiet affair as I watch her put the food away. It helps my ego a little bit knowing that she wasn’t kidding about being hungry. She wolfed into her food as if she literally hadn’t eaten in a week. When she finally pushes her plate away, she jumps up and goes to the table by the front door where I’d left her purse after picking everything up off the floor and dropping it inside it. Returning, she pulls out her cell phone and calls for a cab before asking for my number. While she’s in-putting my number into her contacts, she says, “I have a lot going on today, if you want, feel free to take a shower before you leave, just be sure and lock the door behind you when you go. I’ll call you next time I’m free and we can get together again.”
Having already given her my number, I sit dumbfounded and at a loss for words as she hurriedly drops her phone back into her purse and heads out the door without so much as a backward glance.
What the fuck just happened?



*10*

Not one to mope about what is and what isn’t, I clean up the dishes and put everything away before taking her up on the offer of a shower, even though I don’t have any clean clothes to throw on. When I step out of the shower I hear my phone ringing and find it in a pocket of my light, but now dry, jacket. Pulling it out just a second after it quit ringing, I look at the number of the missed call and drop it back into the pocket before grabbing another cup of coffee and turning off the pot.
Before heading out her door, I take a quick peek around the apartment, slightly surprised to notice that she doesn’t have much in the way of possessions, not even clothes. Even though she mentioned that she’d only been living here for a week, I would have thought that she’d brought more personal possessions with her. The bathroom has an assortment of hygiene products and makeup, the closet a couple of pant suits, a sun dress, no extra bedding, and not much more in the kitchen than what I already used to make coffee and breakfast. Though she did make it clear that she’s not a domestic goddess, so that kinda explains a lot. But she’s not a clothes horse either, and that is a tad surprising, based on her demeanor and high maintenance looks.
Feeling almost like a peeping Tom, by 10: AM I’m heading out the door, the shower and breakfast leaving me feeling refreshed as though I have a new lease on life. Fortunately, the cold rain and wind from the night before has blown itself out. Now the sun is shining bright and the day is promising to be a warm one for February. Things are definitely looking up. Maybe we’ll get an early spring.
With a skip in my step, I quickly locate my truck and climb into the cab, hesitating to pull out my phone before turning the key while I breathe deeply of the lingering scent of Jayne’s lavender fragrance. I’ll take a quick run by my office, my real office this time and not Jack’s Place, and put on some fresh clothes before following up on a couple of open cases I’m working on. Nothing exciting, just something to fill the days and pay the bills between following leads on Maria.
Looking down at the number of the missed call, I can’t believe I didn’t call him back immediately. The only answer to my delayed response is Jayne. Since meeting her last night, she’s all that’s been on my mind. With the hint of her lavender scent still lingering in my truck, I hit redial and try to focus on what has been my main reason for living since leaving the Army behind. While the phone rings on the other end of the line, I remember where my life was headed just 24 hours earlier, and I’m assaulted with a strong feeling of guilt tinged with regret.
After questioning these feelings, I hurriedly clear my throat when Captain Zott picks up in his usual gruff voice, “Zott.”
“Captain, it’s Joe,” I reply, though I’m certain he knew that even before I opened my mouth.
“Joe, hold on a minute,” he replies in a tone of impatience, as if I’m interrupting some high level meeting. But that’s just Captain Zott’s way, and once you get to know the man, you just roll with it. I can hear papers shuffling in the background and then he clears his throat before speaking again. “I got something here. Not sure if it means anything, but you might want to check it out.” Straight to the point. No niceties or small talk about what I’m up to or how I’ve been.
He’s been helping me on the down low with my efforts of trying to locate Maria. For a gruff old man, he took a liking to me when I worked for him and he realized immediately how Maria’s middle of the night extrication from camp impacted me emotionally. He’s been like a father to me in a lot of ways, but if I ever let on that he was doing something kind for me, he would probably deny it and slap me down for it. So I play his game for the information he can provide and to keep our friendship alive, such as it is. I think he realizes how important he is to me, but he’ll never admit it openly, or vice versa. It’s a tenuous relationship we have. But then again, it’s not like I cultivate many friends, just acquaintances and contacts. Friends require time and effort, both things I’ve been sorely short of since leaving the military and beginning my search for Maria.
“What do you have?” I ask, surprised for the first time since beginning my search for Maria that I’m not chomping at the bit and anxious for this new information. In fact, if the truth be known, I’m kinda hoping in the back of my mind that it’s nothing of consequence or even worth looking into.
But knowing Captain Zott as well as I do, I know he wouldn’t contact me with anything frivolous. Whatever he’s got for me has enough substance to make it worth investigating further.
“A CIA guy came through here yesterday and he took a few minutes to stop by and shoot the breeze with me. I brought him up to speed on the latest going’s on around here, which you know has no bearing on you anymore, so don’t even ask,” he begins, his tone of voice clearly reminding me that he’s disappointed in my leaving the service, even though it’s been almost six years. Again, making me believe that he secretly views me as a son in his own way.
“I wouldn’t think of asking you about that conversation, sir,” I reaffirm.
“Good, because I wouldn’t tell you anyway. But I can tell you that our conversation eventually swung around to non-classified happenings, most of which were taking place in our lovely state of Virginia, and the off-the-record mention of a young woman came up. Now, I can’t swear to you that he was referring to your missing girl, but it sounds like whoever he was referring to has been turned loose on US soil with the proper paperwork to remain in this country. As you know from your own prior experiences, something of that nature doesn’t happen very often and only when there are extenuating circumstances to warrant it.” He hesitates a moment before adding, “And even if he were to have told me anymore details than that, I can’t share them with you. But I can share with you that it did sound like this person was in some kind of protection program, and I’m not referring to the U.S. Marshal’s Witness Protection, if you get my drift.”
Now my heart is starting to speed up and I can feel a constriction in my chest as I ask, “Do you really believe he could have been referring to Maria?” Even though Captain Zott always refers to her as ‘my girl’, I can’t bring myself to use the same endearment for reasons of self-preservation.
“Well, I couldn’t just come out and ask him,” Captain Zott begins. “That would have put me back in classified territory, especially if they’ve given her some form of special deal. Maybe even a new identity. But wherever she is or whomever this woman is, her journey seems to have begun in Virginia, which puts you just a few hour’s drive away if you haven’t moved lately, and there’s only one place in Virginia we would be talking about, you know. If once again, you get my drift.”
“I understand completely, Captain,” I reply, trying to keep the growing excitement out of my voice. If what he’s telling me turns out to really be about Maria, then there’s a good chance I can pick up her trail. This is the hottest lead I’ve had yet and for some reason, it’s causing a turmoil in my gut as thoughts of Jayne float back to the forefront of my mind with just the slightest hint of her scent finding its way to my nose again.
Just as the silence on the phone grows awkward, Captain Zott abruptly says in his gruff voice, “I’ll keep my ear to the ground. Take care, son.”
Before I can reply, the call is cut off and only silence greets my ear. Whenever a conversation might creep into touchy feely territory, the Captain always turns on the gruffness and bails out of it. And even though this conversation wasn’t showing any signs of treading into intimate territory, he bailed before I could ask any questions or even tell him what my plans are regarding this new information.
Of course, there’s always the real possibility that he doesn’t want to know what I’m going to do with this new information. Plausible deniability and all.
In a daze, I drop the phone on the passenger’s seat and head out onto the main thoroughfare. The distance back into my part of town doesn’t seem anywhere near as long or far as it did the night before. While I’m driving though, it dawns on me that I never even bothered to ask Jayne where she’s from, why she moved to town, or what she does for a living. Some private investigator I am, huh?
Turning down a pot-holed road, I head into a less savory part of Harrisonburg. The road is lined with abandoned warehouses with a small patch of run down single level dwellings interspersed here and there along with the occasional quickie mart and other small businesses that don’t appear to be very successful. This is the area where if you need car parts, cheap carpeting or Chinese sheetrock for a building project, you will find it. Along with drugs, guns, and prostitution. Yep, my little hole in the wall office/apartment isn’t only cheap, it’s hard to find. The latter for obvious reasons. And more to the point, I have never brought anyone home with me, also for obvious reasons. But then, it’s not like I spend much time here. Nor do I spend much time entertaining. Actually, when I think on it, I don’t spend any time entertaining.
Most of my time is spent on the road, which equates to cheap motels and sleazy bars. Not that I have anything against clean, modern buildings with nice furnishings and comfortable beds, I just go where my clients and informants feel the most comfortable, which is sleazy bars and cheap motels. Maybe it’s time I find a higher class of clientele.
If Captain Zott had called me just 24 hours earlier, I would have been on the road the minute we hung up. But now, it almost feels like I’m procrastinating, looking for a reason to delay jumping back into a search that has all but consumed my every waking hour and day since the last time I’d laid eyes on Maria. And because I’m not already flying down the road, ready to fork out large sums of money to questionable informants, I’m being wracked with guilt, which makes absolutely no fucking sense at all. I’m a grown ass man with no ties or commitments to anyone. So why the conflicting emotions?
Jayne, and the possibility of a normal life.
Do I continue to chase after a dream and a woman that I don’t really know? Or is it time to step up to the plate and get on with my life? Leave the search behind and see where this affair with Jayne leads me. It’s not like I’m getting any younger.
It should be a simple answer. She’s beautiful, she seems to like me, and she’s available right now. She could be the stepping stone that I need to get back to a normal life.
But my heart just isn’t so willing to write off what it wants. Even with Jayne in the picture.



*11*

Once inside the old warehouse structure that I’ve only upgraded slightly to include a remotely operated, heavy steel overhead door, bars on all the windows, inside so they’re not visible from the street, as well as motion sensors and cameras that I can access from my phone, I lock up behind me and head into my office located on the ground floor. My living area is like a loft above half of the ground floor with access to the roof in case I ever have to make an unplanned departure.
In addition to the few upgrades to the building, I have a secure vault alongside the stairs to the roof that contains my more valuable tools, such as weapons, night vision goggles, or more commonly referred to as NVG’s, body armor and ammo. I’ve not had to use any of the weapons to date since becoming a private investigator, but I take them out and clean them regularly, in addition to spending time on the shooting range to keep myself proficient with each one.
Dropping into my office chair behind an old, heavy steel desk that will stop a 9mm round, I fire up my laptop and begin by checking my messages. All emails and texts go straight to my phone, but I have a few contacts that leave me information in drop boxes that I need a special browser to access.
When I’m finally online, my heart beat picks up when I see a message from my old team mate Ted, now a government contact that is among the few people that actually know why I am asking the questions that I am. He’s by far the oldest acquaintance that I have, excluding Captain Zott, and we did a few undercover recon missions during my tour with the Army Rangers. Out of a deep respect for each other’s abilities and morals, we struck up a friendship of sorts and loosely kept in touch over the years. When he discharged out of the Ranger’s due to a battlefield injury, he was picked up by a communications company that contracts heavily with the U.S. military, directing satellites, microwave signals, and other stuff that is way over my paygrade and knowledge level. Or so he has led me to believe. Whenever the topic of his work comes up, he usually hedges my inquiries with a smirk or a wink. In other words, take it with a grain of salt. But he’s a good guy, was a competent Ranger, and I trust him with my life and I hope he feels the same about me. Neither of us are the type to make friends easily, so it’s a relationship we both value.
We got drunk together one night when I was in his neighborhood near D.C. and I opened up to him about Maria. Instead of writing me off his list of friends, which I don’t believe is any longer than mine, he actually offered to keep his eyes open for anything of interest that might be of help.
Since then, I’ve hit him up with a few requests for information on other cases I’ve worked, nothing of government intelligence or anything confidential in nature, I wouldn’t put him in a spot like that, but just simple missing persons cases and who’s doing what to who type stuff. His information has always been solid and I’ve indiscreetly made it worthwhile for him. Never anything he couldn’t claim though. Like I said, I’d never put him in a compromising position, even though I have a gut feeling he would go out on a limb for me if I asked it of him.
But since I don’t have any requests in with him right now, and I know he wouldn’t use this method of contacting me if he just wanted to catch up, my heart rate speeds up, knowing it could only be about one thing. With the call from Captain Zott having already gotten my juices flowing, this can’t be a coincidence.
Opening the message, which doesn’t contain a header or salutation, I jump right into the meat of it.
“The following address might hold a gem. If not the real deal, possible information you’re looking for.”
There’s a break followed by a Virginia address in Giles County. A small town called Narrows.
With practiced ease, I put the address in my phone and pull up the directions on the map app. It looks like I can be there in 3 hours, less if I don’t get pulled over for speeding. Hell, I can be back by morning. After shutting down the laptop, I put it in its own armored case for transport and take it out to the truck.
Standing at the open rear door of the quad cab, I raise the rear seat and unlock the safe bolted securely to the floor boards. It takes less than thirty seconds to verify that I have everything I should need for this trip. Spare 9mm ammo for my concealed sidearm, an AR that uses the same ammo, night vision goggles, several thousand dollars in unmarked bills, body armor, and several knives along with a spare battery for the laptop even though it has its own charging port wired into the safe.
There’s a molly pack containing several MRE’s and bottles of water on the floor in front of the seats. One of the MRE’s is sliding out of the top from being jostled around in the truck and the mere sight of it immediately brings back memories of sharing the same with Maria in the jungles of Nicaragua.
With a sharp pang to my chest, I instantly remember why I haven’t been able to stop searching for her and why it’s time to hit the road.
Once back in the truck, I work my way back out through the seedy businesses and rundown buildings until I’m back on the main road, taking the most direct route to I-81S, my mind a million miles away when my phone dings with an incoming text. Glancing at it in the cup holder, I see the salutation Blonde Bombshell and know right off who it must be. There’s no way I would have entered that name with a number in my contacts. So obviously someone else had to have done it and that only leaves Jayne.
The message simply reads, “Can’t meet tonight. Going out of town.”
My reply, “Catch up 2moro nite?”
Almost instantly there’s a new reply, “Will let you no, xoxo.”
My gut reaction is to send her a reply asking her what she does that is taking her out of town, but I quickly put the thought aside. She’s not really my girlfriend, so to speak. I don’t have any rights questioning her life. If she wants me to know, she will tell me. After all, I never told her what I did for a living either. Or that I’ll be out of town tonight too.
Or that I’ll be out of town too.
There goes my sixth sense pricking the little hairs on the back of my neck. Of course, it’s only coincidence that she’s going out of town at the same time I got a lead that is taking me out of town. It is coincidence, right?
I’ve never been a paranoid individual, but my instincts have never been wrong, and when I think back on the moments since meeting Jayne, my little BS meter has pinged more than once.
As I shoot down the onramp to Interstate 81 South, I push the ridiculous thoughts out of my overactive mind and write it off to having met a beautiful woman that is actually interested in me. Normally, I don’t let women get close, emotionally or otherwise. Yet, I let Jayne in with no questions asked.
It must be my subconscious telling me that it’s time to move on.
***
Mid-afternoon traffic is light, so when I see a dark Escalade with fully tinted windows come down the ramp behind me, I make a mental note of it. No particular reason, that’s just how I roll. There’s a fine line between paranoia and preservation.
With close to a three hour drive ahead of me, not including a stop for fuel and food, I have lots of time to contemplate my future and what I’m doing that will impact it. There is no doubt that continuing this so far fruitless search for Maria is forcing me to keep my distance from other people and possibly a normal life. Excluding Jayne, anyway.
And with that thought, I have to ask myself, what really is normal? Is it a woman that wants marriage, two point five kids, a cookie cutter house in the burbs with a two car garage and those once a year vacations to Disney Land?
I don’t see that happening with Jayne. And I wouldn’t want that with Jayne. But if I had that opportunity with Maria, I would be all over it like paint on a house. Only with Maria does the thought of settling down and working a nine to five job so I can be home with her every night, sound appealing.
And if Maria wanted something else, like maybe even working side by side with me in the investigations business, that would be even better. Whatever she wants, I would do my damnedest to provide it, and I can’t say that for any other woman that I’ve ever met, specifically, Jayne.
So, I got my answer, and I still have over two hours to go before I reach the little town of Narrows.
As I leave the slightly heavier traffic of Staunton behind, I find an off ramp advertising several fast food joints and decide to take advantage of it. With a long roll to the toll booth and then a slight jog up the road to the right, I come to a fuel station next to a burger joint. After topping up the fuel tank and paying, I climb back into the truck to pull it into the burger joint’s parking lot when I notice a black Escalade with full tint windows slowly cruise by on the main drag.
Now I have to ask myself, what are the odds that it’s the same Escalade that followed me onto I-81 way back up in Harrisonburg and then coincidently took the same off ramp that I did?
Didn’t I mention once before that I don’t believe in coincidences?
Subconsciously, my hand reaches for the concealed 9mm auto tucked into the shoulder holster positioned under my left armpit. Just the feel of it is enough to reassure me that I’m still in control. I also have a custom niner in an ankle holster on my right leg, a tactical boot knife on my left, and a neck knife secured with the same cord holding a single dog tag suspended over my chest beneath my tee shirt.
And just for good measure, my combat boots are steel toed Scorpions, not military issue. They’re comfortable, keep my feet dry, and can take a man down with one well-placed kick. I haven’t seen a heel modification dependable enough to trust it not to come off when you’re life might be depending on it, so hence, the boots are stock.
Without being obvious that I was checking out the Escalade, I continue up into my truck and slowly pull it into the burger joint parking lot. They offer a drive through, but I want to sit on something different to give my ass a break from the truck seat while I enjoy a robust cup of coffee and hopefully a mouthwatering burger and fries. While I might be more food conscious when I’m around my home turf, on the road anything goes, even if it goes straight to my heart and arteries.
The plastic formed seats must have been designed to wake up people’s asses, because they were damned uncomfortable. Either that, or they were designed to keep people moving. The coffee wasn’t disappointing. It was dark, rich, and hot. The burger was okay, a tad on the leathery side, and the fries were good if you buried them in enough Catsup.
It didn’t escape my notice that while I sat enjoying my coffee and deciding to get another one for the road, the black Escalade had circled back and was now parked two businesses down from the burger joint, and far enough out in the parking lot not to interfere with that businesses traffic. In other words, they weren’t there to conduct business, but only to keep an eye on me. Like I said, I don’t believe in coincidences.
So I have to ask myself, who would find it of interest to be following me? None of the cases I currently have working are anything of importance. Surely not to the degree that someone would find it in their interest to follow me or hire someone to follow me.
The only case of any importance that I’m working on is finding Maria, and that is only important to me.
Or is it?
To this day, I still don’t know what she was involved in that was of such a high priority that they felt compelled to swoop in and fly her back to the states in the dead of night in a very hush-hush manner. Moreover, I have never tried to find out what she knew. In my mind, that’s not really any of my business. Instead, my entire search has simply been to locate her so I can see if there really was something between us or if it was all just a desperate moment in time. Of course, it doesn’t feel like a fleeting feeling to me. After almost six years of searching, my entire existence wrapped up in finding her, I don’t and can’t believe for one fucking minute that what we shared wasn’t real. Some might say that admitting what we shared was nothing more than a desperate act in desperate times between two desperate people will mean that I’ve wasted the last six years of my life. I will never believe that trying to find Maria was a waste of my time. Never!
And this is the closest I have come to finding her yet. My first real solid lead. I’ve had lots of possible sightings and shit house rumor theories that have had me running all over the country, but never an actual address from someone with connections way up the food chain. And more importantly, someone that I truly trust.
But I won’t let myself get too excited, because if I do, the eventual disappointment will only be that much harder to take.
There has always been a reason for not chasing after the reason that they whisked her away. Since I’m intimately familiar with the way intelligence works, I know that if anyone got a whiff of me snooping around their secrets it would set off alarms, whereas doing a missing persons type of search doesn’t raise any flags. Spooks can be very territorial when it comes to their intelligence.
After finishing my burger and fries, I crush the wrappers up and deposit the whole mess in a large plastic waste can with a flap before swinging by the counter and getting me another coffee to go. Once I’m back in my truck, I sit for a long moment trying to decide my next course of action.
Plan A, do I simply drive away and head back down the highway towards my original destination and simply keep an eye on the black Escalade? Or plan B, do I drive up behind it and find out who’s in it and ask them why they’re following me? Which of course, they will automatically deny unless I get persuasive. And since it’s still daylight, there is a definite limit to how persuasive I can be before someone takes notice and calls the cops. Or do I go to plan C, and go all commando on them, sneaking over there on foot and surprising them?
Plan C would be my first choice if it were dark out, but once again, all the surprise in the world isn’t going to net me anything if someone happens to witness me acting bizarre and calls the cops.
Since my two favorite plans both sort of require it to be dark for them to be productive without a lot of risk, I guess it’s plan A. I simply get back on the highway and keep them in my peripheral. Once I reach Narrows, all bets are off. If they’re still tailing me, I will deal with them before I go knocking on anyone’s door.
Because if this lead proves to be accurate, I don’t want to be the one bringing grief down on Maria, if they have anything to do with her and are using me to find her.
Now where did that thought come from?
Once again, I have to wonder if I or Captain Zott, or even Ted, stepped on the wrong people’s toes trying to get information on Maria. But even if that turns out to be the case, I’m a big boy and can take care of myself.



*12*

It doesn’t take long to figure out that the black Escalade is indeed back on my tail. Traffic is slightly heavier from commuters heading home from work as the sun slowly settles over the horizon on my right. February winters make for some short daylight hours, which is fine with me.
An hour more into my drive and the second cup of coffee is trying to find a way back out of me. The sign said 2 miles to next rest stop and I’m thinking that’s a good idea. It’s full on dark now with a cool, damp wind blowing in the window that I rolled down just a smidgeon to keep me alert. It’s not like I got a whole lot of sleep the night before.
When thoughts of the night before enter my mind, I’m besieged with a strong pang of guilt that literally causes a physical clenching in my chest, making it hard to breathe. Why I feel so guilty about having a night of passion with a good looking woman doesn’t make any sense, because I surely never promised myself to anyone.
Taking the exit ramp while squirming around on the seat to keep from peeing in my pants, I’m surprised when I don’t see any other headlights following me. As I cruise up to the first set of buildings, I notice a grungy looking man panhandling by the restroom door and pull up to that building. It appears that his presence has driven most of the vehicles pulling in to use the further rest rooms.
Getting out of my truck, I lock the door and pull a twenty from my pocket. Walking straight up to the guy instead of veering around him like most people would, his expression suddenly turns worried and his body tenses up. He is clearly not expecting anything good to come from our meeting on this cool, overcast night.
“Relax,” I calmly tell him, stopping less than two feet from him. When I raise my hand to show him the money, he recoils as if he thought I was going to strike him. “It’s okay,” I continue, showing him the money. I wait for him to relax before continuing. “I need a favor of you.”
“I don’t do that kind of stuff,” he stutters, slobbering through a mostly toothless display of oral hygiene.
Laughing softly, I reply, “Good, because I don’t either.”
“I don’t sell no drugs, either.”
Note, he said he doesn’t sell drugs, he didn’t say he didn’t have any. Or more recently, use any.
“I don’t want your damned drugs, either.”
His eyes have landed on the money and that suddenly seems to be the only thing in his universe. “What you need then?”
“Two things, really,” I begin, when he suddenly cuts me off.
“Two things will cost you more,” he says, even though I haven’t even told him what I need yet.
“Here’s the deal,” I say, ignoring his latest remark while trying to speed this interaction up before I piss my pants. “I’m going to go in there and while I’m in there, I want you to keep an eye on my truck. Second, I want you to keep an eye out for a black Escalade. Do you know what an Escalade is?”
“Course I know what that is,” he adamantly replies, spittle flying everywhere. “It’s one a dem fancy cars. Whatcha call it, SUB?”
“SUV,” I correct him, satisfied that he’ll know one if he sees one.
“And you’ll give me that money there whether I see one or not?”
“Absolutely. But not until I come back out. And you’ll come get me if anyone comes around my truck, right?”
“That’ll cost ya extra.”
“If that happens, and you come and let me know, I’ll double it.”
“You go right ahead, Mister. I’ll be watching,” he says, taking his eyes off the money for the first time and rubbing his hands together in anticipation of it as he looks out toward the entrance ramp.
Slipping the bill back into my front pant pocket, I head into the restroom and head straight for the stall located nearest to the exit. I’ve barely dropped my drawers and started taking care of business when the man comes running in, excited and out of breath.
“Hey man! Man, where’d ya go?”
“What’s up,” I call out, quickly finishing my business and pulling my pants up.
When I push open the stall door, I’m surprised to see the man breathing hard and his eyes the size of saucers.
“They came just like you said, so I get forty dollars. Right?”
Foregoing the washing of my hands, I make for the exit with him close on my heels, almost pushing into me. As I clear the exit, I pull up short, my right hand hovering over my concealed weapon, my eyes shooting from side to side, looking for the black Escalade or a set of tail lights belonging to it.
Nothing but the regular flow of traffic. No sign of a black Escalade.
“I don’t see it,” I growl at the scruffy guy as he gulps in surprise, also unable to point out a black Escalade. “You better not have lied to me just to get an extra twenty,” I threaten him with a glare. “Because I’m not going to take it very kindly that you interrupted my private time.” I add, turning to go back into the rest room to wash my hands.
The scraggly guy just stands there, staring out into the parking lot and the road beyond with a confused and dazed expression.
When I come back out, he hasn’t moved. “Tell me exactly what you saw,” I demand, not sure whether to believe him or not.
“Black Essay thing you told me to watch for. Stopped right there,” he says, pointing toward the road behind my truck. “Skinny little Mexican dude jumped out and ran up here,” he says, taking a step forward and pointing toward the passenger’s side of the truck.
“What did he do?”
“He was looking in the window when I turned and ran inside to tell you they was here. Honest,” he adds, when he sees me looking at him. “Do I get the forty dollar now?”
“Did you see the driver?”
“No sir. The windows were all black.”
“Didn’t the inside light come on when the little Mexican dude opened the door? Couldn’t you see inside it then?”
“There was no light. It was all dark inside, honest. Can I have my money now?”
Ignoring his plea, I walk around to the passenger’s side of my truck and notice a slight trace of condensation on the glass where someone must have breathed on it and with the cool night air caused a spot of moisture.
He’s telling the truth.
So what were they looking for and why did they take off so fast. They must have been hauling ass to be out of the parking area in the short time it took me to pull up my pants and get out here.
“Here you go,” I say, turning toward the scruffy dude and holding out 2 twenties.
“You believe me?” he asks excitedly, grabbing the money and instantly slipping it into the front of his grungy coveralls. “I told you I wasn’t lying.”
Instead of responding to his question, I climb into my truck and back out of the parking spot, seeing the scruffy guy drop back down into a sitting position to the side of the door in anticipation of his next mark.
***
Once back on the highway, my mind begins questioning what the purpose of stopping to look inside a window on my truck was all about. Whoever is following me must have already assumed that I’m armed. Looking in a window isn’t going to tell them otherwise. And if they’re wondering where I’m going, surely they didn’t expect to see a note or map with an address scribbled on it. People don’t do that today with the popularity of the smart phone. Do they?
Of course, I didn’t need to put the address in my phone app either. This is information that I’ve been after for so long, there is no way I was going to forget it.
As I approach the 118C-B-A to the 118B exit that will put me on the 460 to Narrows, I start thinking about Jayne and wondering if she’s going to be very disappointed when I don’t contact her. Of course, that doesn’t mean she won’t contact me and I’ll have to explain that I’m not available. It’s going to be one of those, ‘It’s not you, it’s me’ speeches that all women get at some time or another in their lives. Don’t believe them. It’s all about the man finding something more exciting. Not necessarily something better, just something he perceives to be more exciting. At least in the short term.
And then I have to question my own sanity. Am I really not available? Even if I’m not currently available for a commitment to another woman because I’m so wrapped up in finding Maria. What if I do finally find her, and she wants nothing to do with me?
That is a serious possibility after all.
Once on the 460 I step on the gas and hope there isn’t a speed trap along the way with a bored officer sitting in it just looking for something to do. Within an hour I’m on the outskirts of town. From memorizing the map on my laptop, I take MacArthur Ln to Monroe and then to Willow like I’m heading out of town. The address is up a side street and I decide to make a pass by it with the truck so I can check out the surrounding neighborhood before finding somewhere to leave the truck and return on foot.
The house sits up from the road on a corner lot and is a ranch style in a neighborhood of similar homes. Nothing about it stands out. There’s a light on in the main room facing the busier of the two streets and also sporting the driveway to a two car attached garage. My guess is that’s the living room.
There’s another light on near the back facing the side street that might be either a kitchen or utility room. Just beyond it is a back door with a small awning style porch opening into the back yard. No visible fencing, just a rough hedge at the far rear of the lot and another between the adjoining neighbor’s rear yards. Nothing out front but driveways and grass lawns.
It’s a quiet neighborhood. Though it’s still early evening, there isn’t anyone outside and just an occasional car coming and going. The weather might account for the lack of people out and about. It’s a week day and a cold damp night.
People are also keeping their pets inside this time of year, so that’s a blessing for me.
I saw a sign advertising a Baptist church when I was coming down the street a little ways back, so I decide that’s a good place to leave my truck and hike back to the address from there.
Within a few minutes, I’m parked beneath a large Cypress in a far corner from the structure, my dark pickup blending into the surrounding shadows. Hopefully there won’t be a nosey cop patrolling the area and wonder why someone would leave their truck parked out here at night. Fortunately, it has Virginia plates, so it shouldn’t appear too suspicious.
After slipping on a black rain slicker that fits snug, and a dark balaclava on my head that I can pull down over my face if necessary, I make a quick weapons check, silence my phone, and slip out of the truck. Since there’s no reason to take a circuitous route back to the address, it shouldn’t take me more than 30 minutes to return and surveille the area before breaching it. It’s almost nine now with a slight drizzle adding to the already chilly air. My breath is visible as I set out on foot, trying to act nonchalant and non-threatening if anyone should see me or take notice of me.



*13*

As I make my way along the deserted streets, my head on a pivot, always looking for something out of place, my mind is on autopilot and runs back to the rest stop and the scruffy guy’s story about the skinny little Mexican dude looking in the side window of my truck. Fortunately, while my mind is preoccupied with this question, I don’t run into anyone else out on the streets.
Just what the hell were they looking for?
Or maybe, just maybe, they weren’t looking for anything. They were planting a tracking bug, which would explain why I haven’t seen them since the burger joint. With a bug on my truck, they can hang back and keep tabs on me from a distance.
Which brings up another question. Why?
Why would anyone suddenly be following me?
About the same time that I received the message with a solid lead on Maria’s whereabouts, Jayne pops into my life. Coming out of the blue and finding me alone and vulnerable in a bar that is way out of her apparent league and area, and ends up taking me home, at her insistence. Coincidence? I don’t believe in coincidence. So what was she after besides a roll in the hay?
Information?
Then when I hit the road in pursuit of a hot new lead, I have a tail. Again, coincidence? Again, I don’t believe in coincidences.
Still two blocks from the address, I decide to do a direct walk by on the main street and then circle back on the street behind the address before approaching it from the side and rear where the back yard is exposed to the side road and the only street lights are on the busier road, which leaves the side and back of the house relatively dark. This approach will also give me limited cover, thanks to the hedges along the two nearest properties adjacent to it. The house directly across the side street is dark and looks vacant, while the one directly across the busier street was lit up earlier and is now dark, hopefully indicating the occupants have gone to bed.
By the time I’m in position to make my move on the place, it’s a little after ten and all the lights have been turned off in it too. As I come up the side street on the same side as the house, I make a quick scan all around and then jump up the small rise of the side yard and scurry up to the side of the house, pressing my back against the ship lap siding as I glance around again, looking for any new signs of activity.
My movement doesn’t appear to have raised any notice or alarms, so I slide along the side of the house, moving cautiously toward the front and a side window that looks into the front living room. The window sills on this side of the house are all approximately five feet off the ground, so it takes nothing for me to simply rise to my full height and look in.
The room is dark with only a sofa and recliner facing a flat screen TV mounted on the far wall, leaving anyone sitting in the chairs with their backs to the street. To the left of the TV is an archway that probably leads to the kitchen and beyond the kitchen, the utility room. Somewhere along that passage is probably a hallway that leads to the bedrooms and baths.
The room appears to be empty, and I suddenly wonder why I didn’t think to bring along the night vision goggles in my truck safe.
Ducking down to keep my head below the windows, I move toward the rear of the house and what I assumed earlier might be a utility room. The back door, though cliché, is my first choice of entry. If it’s locked, I’ll try jimmying a window. If they’re all latched, I’ll simply knock at the front door and see what happens. After all, if Maria is here, there’s no reason to expect an enemy within.
Rising to my full height, I look into the rear most window and determine that I was right, it’s indeed a utility room, complete with an old fashioned laundry sink situated between a modern washer and dryer and a single wood shelf above them crowded with boxes and bottles of laundry soaps and products.
This is the room I want to make my entry into. It’s probably the furthest from the bedrooms because the plumbing will back up to the bathrooms. At least, that’s how most of these ranch styles were laid out for simplicity in the construction process.
Slipping around to the back door that leads into the utility room, I’m not surprised to discover it locked. Slipping my paper-thin metal door jimmy in the crack between the door and the jam, I slide it up until it connects with the first and lowest lock, which is the door handle catch. It takes less than five seconds to work the hasp back and the lock is free. Unfortunately, there’s a deadbolt higher up the door and when I hit it with my card jimmy, it’s a solid barrel type that requires a key from either side of the door.
Unable to gain entry through the door without damaging it or making a lot of noise, I slip further along the back wall until I come to the window nearest the door. Looking in confirms my suspicions that it’s a bathroom. It might be connected to a bedroom or it might be the master bath off the hallway. I’m hoping it’s connected to a bedroom and I find someone asleep in their bed. That would be the easiest and safest scenario for everyone, especially me.
To my surprise and relief, when I place my fingers flat against the lower sill and gently push up, it actually slides open with ease. This window is a little smaller than the living room windows, but still doable for me to climb through it without knocking anything off the vanity.
Once inside, I turn and carefully reclose the window to prevent a cold draft from alerting someone to the breach in their otherwise secure home.
With the window reclosed, I turn toward the door, which isn’t really closed, just pushed to. A new thought suddenly pops into my head and I have to cover my mouth to keep from laughing out loud, though the thought is more serious than funny. If I’m really lucky, I’ll find a sleeping Maria and she’ll be happy to see me. But if Lady Luck isn’t in a good mood today, I’m about to discover that I just broke into a complete stranger’s home and they’re about to get the scare of their life.
Taking a deep breath and holding it, I slowly pull the door in while simultaneously sliding down the side of the wall and looking through the opening into what appears to be a dark bedroom. With just enough opening to slip through, I stealthily enter the room in a crouch and stop, standing still in the deeper darkness until I can just make out a form covered in blankets on a large, king-size bed to my right and centered along the wall leaving approximately a five foot space on either side of it plus a walk-in closet on the far side beyond the space with the doors slid shut.
Without making a sound, I slide up next to the near side of the bed and while still holding my breath, lean over the form and gently place my hands on the blankets to prevent the person from screaming when I wake them.
Before I can even begin to apply pressure, I feel cold steel pressing firmly into the back of my head.
“Stay just the way you are,” a steady male voice commands. “I’m going to remove your weapons. If you move at all, I will pull this trigger and that will be the end. Capiche?”
“Capiche,” I reply, wondering why the voice sounds so familiar.
Not surprisingly, he finds both 9mm’s and the boot knife. He ignores the neck knife, though I have a feeling he’s aware of it. He just seems too professional to have overlooked it.
Tucking the gear into his waist, he slowly steps back, putting himself just out of my reach, which discourages me from trying anything. Definitely a pro.
“Now slowly turn around and take a seat on the bed,” he commands, throwing me for a loop and causing me to wonder if he’s waiting for backup. At any moment, the lights will probably come on and more men will come rushing in, throwing me to the floor and securing me with handcuffs.
As I slowly settle my weight on the mattress, it dawns on me that the bump under the covers isn’t human. In fact, it’s not even alive. Feels more like a pile of sheets beneath my butt cheeks.
“Identify yourself,” the man orders, his face and upper body hidden in the shadowy corner of the room.
“Joseph Bloodstone, Private Investigator. My license is in my left-hand cargo pocket.”
“Damn, Joe, it really is you,” he says with his normal tone of voice while stepping out of the deeper shadows so that at the same moment I recognize the voice, I also recognize the face and launch myself up off the bed, landing hard against his chest.
“You son of a bitch,” I growl, giving him a bear hug. It’s been a while since I’ve seen Ted, but he’s still the only man I would even consider getting this close to without the intent of doing bodily harm. Stepping back, I say, “You’re damned lucky I didn’t kill you.”
“Shit, Joe. The way you’ve let yourself go, you’d be lucky to kill an ant, even with those steel-toed boots you wear.”
“You only say that because you’ve never been on the receiving end of them,” I laugh. “Now give me my gear back.”
As he hands me the pieces, I secure them away before asking him the all-important question, “What are you doing here and where’s Maria? You sent me this address so you must have wanted me here. Start explaining.”
***
“It’s a long story, Joe, so make yourself comfortable,” he begins, stepping to the foot of the bed and dropping himself down on it.
“Can we at least put a light on?”
“That probably wouldn’t be wise, as we might be getting company pretty soon.”
“If this is about the black Escalade that was tailing me, I gave them the slip and hid my truck about a half mile from here. So even if they find the truck, they won’t find this address,” I proudly explain.
“Well, I’m glad you figured out the tracker they have on your truck,” he chuckles. “But for a private investigator, I can’t believe you never figured out the phone.”
My ego just took a hard hit. “The phone?”
“Yeah, the phone. The beeper started pinging on your phone the night you stayed over at that woman’s place.”
“Damn, you know about Jayne?” I ask, my head beginning to spin.
“She’s going by, Jayne? That’s a new one. I’m not sure anyone really knows what her Christian name is, she’s used so many aliases,” he begins. “She’s a cartel operative, Joe. Very deadly, from what I hear.” He chuckles softly while adding, “Since you’re still alive, she must have had a use for you, and that’s really got our attention.”
“Couldn’t be she kept me alive because she enjoyed my company?” The minute the words left my mouth, I regretted saying them. Not only did they feel wrong, they brought up a new wave of guilt. To change the subject, I quickly continue, “Do you mind continuing? I got this gut feeling that I’ve been used all the way around and I’m not going to like where this is going. Moreover, Maria’s not here, is she?”
“Well, yes and no,” he begins, a smirk on his face. “As far as Jayne goes,” he slowly starts, putting extra emphasis on her name. “We’ve been following her since she crossed the border into Texas a little over a week ago. She really piqued our interest when she honed in on you. Which also kind of confirmed out suspicions that her mission in the states must be running parallel to yours.”
“Wait a minute,” I blurt, realizing what he’d just said. “What do you mean my mission? I’m not running any mission.”
“Okay, see it your way,” he chuckles softly. “You’re whole point of getting up in the morning, isn’t a mission, if you say so. So, whatever you want to call this thing of finding Maria, it’s apparently the same goal Jayne has. Of course, you’re doing it for very personal reasons, she’s doing it because it’s her job as a hired assassin.”
“Assassin?” I cry out, jumping up. I knew there was something off about her, but I never would have gone so far as to peg her for a hit-woman.
“Yes, Joe, you spent the night with a deadly killer. You’re a tougher man than most to have survived,” he adds, trying not to laugh again.
“Damn,” I mumble, taking his words as gospel, which proves just how much I trust him.
“We probably don’t have much more time, Joe, before we get some visitors. So let me give you the condensed version. Alright?”
“Yeah, go ahead,” I softly reply, my thoughts reeling.
“When Captain Zott and I learned of this Jayne person’s interest in you, the Captain wanted to warn you. Kind of give you a heads up...”
“Captain Zott’s in on this?” I interrupt him.
“Yeah,” he drawls out, not sure he’s comfortable giving me too much information after all. “He’s kind of been keeping tabs on you since you left the Army.” Before I can grasp what he’s trying to tell me, he suddenly just blurts out, “Only because he’s concerned about your well-being, Joe. Or, at least as much concern as the man can show anyone.”
“I feel like an idiot.”
“You shouldn’t. It was my idea to use you as bait, and I only did so because I know you’re capable of taking care of yourself.”
“Yeah, that’s why you got the drop on me, because I really know how to take care of myself.”
“Don’t beat yourself up, Joe. This was a setup and a trap. But now the trap has to be reset for the real catch, which should be showing up anytime now.”
“Just for the record, I’m not happy about being used, Ted.”
“Yeah, well, that one’s all on me. But I promise you, before the nights over, I’ll make it up to you.”
“What? You going to tell me where Maria really is?” I sarcastically spit out as I follow him toward the door.
“Yep.”



*14*

Before he can explain himself, we’re in the darkened living room when we see a dark shadow out the front window moving in a crouch across the front lawn.
“Looks like our company is here,” he says, pulling out an automatic pistol and moving quickly to the deeper shadows to the right side of the front door so he can scan out to the side of the house and the front yard.
Instinctively, I move to the opposite front corner of the room so I can cover Ted’s blind spot in front of the house.
“Shouldn’t you have a team here?” I whisper, wondering why he’s here alone when he knew that I was being followed.
“Captain couldn’t make it on such short notice and I was the only other one that either of us trusts with this operation,” he whispers back while moving to glance into the side yard.
Knowing there’s at least two enemy trying to breach the house, I decide that someone needs to cover the back or they’ll outflank us.
Moving swiftly from the front of the living room and back to the hallway, I whisper to Ted, “I got the back.”
He doesn’t reply, so I’m assuming he’s good with my move.
The bedroom where Ted got the drop on me seems like the most likely place for an entry. At least it seems that way when I consider that’s where I came in and Ted must have purposely left it unlatched for that reason because he was waiting for me there.
I’m moving toward the window in a crouch, my shoulder gun in hand, when the window suddenly slides up and a silenced automatic pokes through, the business end aimed at my chest. There’s a bright flash and a fairly loud ‘pft’ sound at the same moment a sledge hammer strikes me in the chest, knocking me backwards and off my feet.
It doesn’t take a brain surgeon to realize I’ve been shot at almost point blank range.
The pain is horrific and I can’t breathe. I’m lying on my back feeling as though there’s a bus parked on my chest, but I can still see through a cloudy haze, and with the night sky as a back drop, I see a silhouette of someone climbing hurriedly through the window.
They’re small, slender, and somewhere in the haze of my mind, I think of the little Mexican the scruffy guy at the rest stop told me about. He’s here in the flesh and because I’m unable to breathe, I can’t even call out to warn Ted.
Only then do I realize that I’m still gripping my weapon and I barely raise it up off the floor when the person stops over me and points their weapon at my head for the kill shot. The sound of my un-silenced 9mm going off in the enclosed space is deafening, but the painful screams of the person I just shot upward through the groin is a blessed symphony.
The impact of my bullet at an upward trajectory literally lifts the shooter off the floor and throws them onto their back so that their feet are lying next to mine and kicking my shins as they thrash in pain. Raising my head and my weapon to see if I need to shoot them again, I see both of their bloodied hands on the entry wound in their crotch and the weapon with a long silencer on the barrel lying on the floor next to the bed.
My head drops heavily to the floor along with the arm holding my gun. With great effort, I take my left hand and slowly move it to my chest, gingerly feeling over the area that feels like a combination of burning pain and a heavy weight. Finding the hole in the slicker where the bullet passed through it, I poke my finger through it and immediately feel the warmth of a deformed slug imbedded in my armor.
“Damn, that hurts,” I whisper through ragged breaths as I slowly roll onto my side in an attempt to collect the shooter’s weapon and make sure they’re really out of this fight and not about to break out another weapon.
There’s a rapidly growing pool of blood on the floor beneath their crotch and they’ve stopped squirming. Their chest is still rising and falling, so they’re not dead, but they’ve slipped into unconsciousness. Whether from the pain or a loss of blood would be anyone’s guess.
Grasping the silenced weapon, I struggle painfully to my feet, holding it on the shooter while I drop heavily onto the edge of the bed, my entire chest is on fire and I’m still unable to draw in a real breath of air.
Ted.
I need to check on Ted. My gunshot must have woke up the neighborhood and the police should be here soon.
Pushing up heavily from the bed, I barely take a step when Ted comes rushing into the room weapon first, his eyes quickly taking in the details of what happened before lowering his weapon and moving toward me with an almost panicked look on his face. Almost tenderly, he pushes me back to the edge of the bed and helps lower me down into a sitting position.
“Took one in the chest,” I hiss. “Armor stopped it. Hurts like hell.”
“Just stay there,” he says, moving to the person on the floor. “They’re still breathing, but they’re losing a lot of blood. Cops should be here any minute. We’ll get them to send an ambulance or two,” he says, looking over at me.
“I’ll be fine,” I wheeze. “Just got to catch my breath. What happened to the others? This one wasn’t alone.”
“I only saw just one other and at the sound of your cannon, I think they tucked tail and ran. This was probably supposed to be a silent hit and run, in and out, and no one finds the bodies till they stink, if you know what I mean. They weren’t here for your autograph.”
***
Sirens can be heard in the distance and within a matter of seconds, I see the red and blue lights bouncing off the walls as they congregate on the streets on two sides of the house. Ted has already gone to the front door and is waiting for them, his hands on his head so as not to be accidentally mistaken for a perp and shot by friendly fire. I’m sure he’s also holding his ID up so they can see he’s with the government in some professional capacity.
Moments later, a cop sticks his head in the room, gun drawn and at the ready. When he sees the shooter on the floor and me still sitting on the edge of the bed, I try to raise my hands, but the pain is too much. I was able to chuck the guns on the bed near the headboard and out of my reach so when his flashlight landed on me, he could see the weapons beyond.
“You good?” he asks, holstering his weapon and leaning over the perp on the floor before triggering the mic on his shoulder and advising them to send in the paramedics and a stretcher before looking back up at me.
“Yeah, I’ll live,” I wheeze.
“You’re wearing body armor. You must be with the fed out there?”
“He’s a friend, but I’m just a PI working a case.
“Looks like you got lucky,” he says as another cop enters the room and the lights come on.
“Is that wise?” I ask, nodding toward the second cop just as Ted comes through the door followed by a couple of EMTs.
“It’s alright, Joe. It’s safe now,” he says to me. “She’s long gone. Come on, let’s get you out of here, it’s getting a little crowded.”
With his and the help of the first officer, they get me to my feet and keep me from falling over as I shuffle out to the living room and through the front door. When we get out in the cool damp air, the officer asks if I want one of the EMTs to check me over.
“Nah, I’ll be alright,” I reply, trying to sound better than I feel. Though I’m pretty certain there isn’t anything damaged beyond a broken or bruised rib, if the pain doesn’t subside in a reasonable amount of time, I’ll get it x-rayed. But short of wrapping it up, there really isn’t much a doctor can do for ribs except tell me to take it easy and maybe give me a prescription for the pain.
As the cop heads back inside, leaving Ted and I alone, I slowly turn toward him and say, “Okay, you said you were going to tell me where Maria is.”
“Yeah, I also thought we were going to get the assassin tonight too.”
“We did,” I remind him.
“That’s not the one we were after and you know it. Don’t play dumb with me, Joe, that’s just some local help she pulled in for assistance,” he says, before spitting off to the side, as if trying to get a bad taste out of his mouth. “We were after the woman you know as Jayne, and she’s still out there with a contract to fulfill.” He pauses for a moment before saying, “Listen Joe, just hang tough a minute while I give these guys all the information that I’m allowed to and then we’ll go somewhere where we won’t be disturbed and I can check in with the Captain and let him know what went down.” He starts to turn back toward the front door, and then stops suddenly before turning back toward me. “Oh, and Joe, deal with your phone. I can probably get your custom niner back, but they’re going to need your shoulder weapon for evidence. You’ll also have to give them a statement, but they can wait until later for that. I’ll vouch for you for now.”
Slipping my phone out of my pocket while Ted returns to the house, I pry it open and immediately discover the thing that doesn’t belong. Sure enough, Jayne slipped a tracking bug in my phone. She probably cloned it too so she could monitor my calls and messages, so I also pull out the sim card and battery. I’ll deal getting with a new phone later.
Just as I drop all the pieces into my pant pocket, Ted comes out of the house saying, “Come on. My car is just around the corner. Think you can walk that far?” And then, before I can reply, he adds, “Oh, they’re expecting to see you at the station by noon tomorrow. You probably don’t want to drive all the way back to Harrisonburg tonight either, so you’ll be staying with me. Besides,” he pauses for a moment and glances sideways with a smirk, “We still have more to go over, if you’re up to it.”
He hands me my custom ankle gun, or leg iron, as I’ve come to think of it. “Here you go, but keep it out of sight for now. They seemed a little reluctant to release it, even though it wasn’t involved in the shooting.”
“Thanks,” I simply reply, falling into step on the sidewalk beside him as we leave all the flashing lights and gawking neighbors behind.
When I don’t say anymore, he adds with a laugh, “I don’t think we’ll be using that safe house anymore.”
“Yeah, I wouldn’t recommend it,” I reply, my lungs still burning with the effort of breathing. “You still owe me some information, Ted. I’m not going to let it go just because Jayne got away.”
“I know. A deal is a deal, I guess. But that does change things. I was hoping to at least wrap her up in cuffs tonight.” He pauses, studying me out of the corner of his eye as we approach a non-descript white utility van. “This is our ride,” he says, clicking a fob to unlock the doors.
Once we’re settled into the van, the seatbelt simply lying across my lap because it’s too painful against my chest, Ted suggests a drive-thru that he’s familiar with and not too far out of the way. “They make a mean cup of coffee for a fast food place,” he adds with a grin.



*15*

With two bags of take out and two large coffees, Ted heads out on the main road until we come to a small, privately owned motel that is set back from the road. From the outside, it looks clean and well kept. Ted pulls the van in and continues on around to the rear parking lot, stopping in front of the second to last room from the end.
“An old guy lives fulltime in the end unit and takes care of the common areas for the owners whom live in a unit behind the front office. They’re also an older couple that have been here since the 80’s. They’re nice people, keep their mouths shut about their tenants, and really need and appreciate the business.”
“Sounds to me like you adopted them,” I smirk. “Do they have a daughter or something you’re trying to get close to?” I tease, knowing Ted’s just the kind of guy to look out for struggling small businesses and even more so, damsels in distress. It’s his savior complex. It’s what makes Ted one of the good guys.
As he steps out of the van, he takes a moment to glance around the parking lot, looking to see if there’s anything that doesn’t feel quite right. Before closing his door, he reaches back in and grabs the bags of food, saying through the opening, “I’ll have to check on that. If they have a daughter, I haven’t seen her around. Can you handle the coffees?”
“Got ‘em,” I reply, gingerly setting my feet on the asphalt and slowly straightening up, the pain in my chest feeling like that bus is still parked on it.
Ted opens the door to the unit and steps inside, flipping on the lights at the same time, while saying, “We’ll collect your truck in the morning.”
When I walk in behind him, I’m immediately struck by the fresh scent and clean appearance of the place. To my left is a small writing desk that’s well organized. To my right, a dresser with a mirror and to the left of that is a flat screen TV mounted to the wall, directly across a walkway from the foot of a queen size bed. The walkway leads into a small kitchenette and in the wall just past the headboard is a door that probably leads to a bathroom. The linens look clean and there’s a chocolate on the pillow.
“Damn, if they have a daughter, she’s probably a domestic goddess,” I wheeze, trying not to laugh because it hurts like hell when I do. “You need to check into that ASAP.”
“Keep it up and you’ll be hurting in more places than just your chest,” he fires back in jest before turning serious. “They’re really good people, Joe. They always seem to know when I’m gone and take that opportunity to come in and clean up for me.”
Dropping onto the chair by the writing desk, I hand Ted his coffee while accepting one of the take out bags.
“I’m not sure I have much of an appetite right now, but the coffee is much appreciated,” I say, taking a careful sip and discovering that it’s pretty decent coffee. “Not bad.”
“Yeah, I was surprised the first time I stopped there. I’ve been going back ever since just for the coffee.”
“So I have to ask. I’m not much of a covert operations type of guy, but why are you keeping a room here when you have a safe house so close at hand?”
He hesitates, almost looking uncomfortable about what he’s going to say next. Setting his burger aside, he slowly chews and swallows before speaking. “Well, my first intention was to stay at the safe house and find a cheap motel to use as a plant place. But after meeting the owners of this place and hanging around here for a while to give the impression that it’s being used as a safe house, I knew I couldn’t bring that kind of danger or attention to these people. If word got out that there were drug deals or terrorist using their motel, not to mention an assassin was trying to kill someone in their motel, they’d definitely be out of business. So instead, I decided to use the safe house to set our trap and keep this place off the books. Captain wasn’t too thrilled about it, but he gave in when I explained the situation to him. When we learned Jayne was using you to find Maria and we had to make a decision about where to bring you, it was a no brainer.” He pauses for long moment, studying me over the rim of his coffee as if trying to gauge my anger with him.
“I’m not upset that you used me, Ted,” I tell him, assuaging his concern. “In fact, I’d be more upset if you hadn’t brought me in on this operation at all. But I wish you had trusted me enough to give me a heads up about Jayne.”
“If we had, would you have slept with her?” He takes a sip before continuing with a smirk, “You do realize that’s not her real name, right?”
“Sleeping with her was a mistake that I have to live with. And yes,” I growl with a wheeze. “I know damn well that isn’t her real name,” and then add under my breath, “At least, now, anyway.”
“You should feel honored. My understanding is that not many men survive sleeping with her.”
“Only because she needed me for something more,” I hiss, my anger beginning to rise again.
“Don’t underestimate yourself, Joe,” he adds with a smirk. “Let me get the Captain on the horn and we’ll fill you in on everything we can,” he continues, his voice becoming all business. “Since we didn’t kill or capture our target, I’m sure the Captain will have a new plan for us.”
“Us?” I ask, before adding, “And aren’t you forgetting something?”
“Patience, my dear boy,” he teases in reply. “We’ll get to that soon enough. First, the Captain.”
“You better not be jerking me around, Ted. It’s not like I haven’t already committed completely to this op.”
***
Instead of replying, he puts his cellphone on speaker and sets it on the dresser between us. Not even one ring completes before Captain Zott’s voice comes roaring loudly through the small device, “What’ve you got?”
“Sorry, Sir, but it was a mission fail,” Ted replies, the hardest words any operative has to relay to his boss. “You’re on speaker and I have Joe sitting here with me.”
“Joe, you okay?” he asks, not hiding the sincerity from his voice.
“Yeah, a little sore. I took one in the armor, but my ribs will heal,” I reply, then remain silent so Ted can give his debrief, which is standard operating procedure.
“Sir,” Ted begins, his voice betraying his disappointment while he tries to remain professional. “The assassin we’re referring to as Jayne escaped the net. Some local talent she picked up in Harrisonburg is in the hospital with a gunshot to the groin, thanks to Joe. We’ll be giving our statements to the police in the morning. I also brought Joe up to speed, so he now knows about the assassin and how we let him lead her to us.” He gives me a sidelong glance before continuing. “I think he understands why we did what we did, but he’s none too happy with us right this minute. But I’m thinking that’ll change before we get off this call.”
“Sorry for having to use you like that, Joe,” Captain Zott says, his voice dripping with real sincerity, which I find a little disconcerting coming from the Captain. “And I’m really sorry you caught one for the team like that.”
“It’s okay, Sir,” I simply reply, not wanting them to get sidetracked as my patience begins to wear thin in anticipation of what’s still to come, and most importantly, where’s Maria. I was promised that information, but this isn’t the time to remind Ted.
Ted speaks next, his eyes studying me. “How do you want us to proceed on this? Jayne now knows that her cover’s blown, but I’m just as certain she still believes that Joe isn’t going to quit looking for Maria. We should still be able to use that to our advantage. Don’t you think, Sir?”
“Absolutely, if Joe doesn’t have a problem with us putting him in danger again.”
“If it gets me closer to Maria, I’m all in sir,” I quickly reply, the effort causing me to wheeze in a breath.
“Yeah, I kinda figured as much,” Captain Zott softly chuckles.
He’s never been like this before and it’s really beginning to unnerve me. “Sir, are you alright?” I remark before I even realized that I was going to open my mouth and it’s too late to the take the words back.
“Just fine, Joe. I wish our plan had succeeded, but otherwise, I’m just fine. Really glad you weren’t too seriously injured, son.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“So, Captain,” Ted says, breaking the spell. “What’s your plan now?”
Clearing his throat, Captain Zott begins, “We still have an assassin to take down while she’s on US soil. She knows Joe is still looking for Maria, her target...”
I cut him off when the realization suddenly hits me and I can’t believe I hadn’t ask the question sooner, “Maria is her target?” I blurt. And then more to myself, “Why didn’t that sink in sooner?” Damned if I don’t feel like a complete fool. And I call myself and investigator? “Sir, why would someone put a contract out on Maria?”
“She turned on the cartel. Gave up supply routes to their processing plants, shipment details, names, places, she gave it all up. And the funny thing is, they didn’t even have to interrogate her to get the information. She just flipped in exchange for immunity and US citizenship, which she just recently received, is my understanding,” Captain Zott quickly explains.
“Then she can stay in the United States? As a U.S. citizen?” I softly ask, realizing what that means for her. Witness protection and no chance of me ever finding her. My heart feels like it fell out on the floor and I have to take a long, slow breath just to look up at Ted. “You don’t know where she is, do you?”
As I rise angrily to my feet, feeling betrayed to my core, he calmly raises his right hand with his palm out and his index finger raised toward me, indicating to hold on and don’t say anything else just yet. While I stand staring at him, my fists balled at my sides, he speaks to the Captain. “Sir, if we’re going to continue with this mission, we need to bring Joe all the way in. He might be a civilian now, but we both know that he’s capable of what we need him to do.”
Captain Zott laughs softly over the phone speaker before saying, “And I thought I was going to have to convince you of that.” He takes a moment, and then begins, “I’m really glad we’re all on the same page here, because this is roughly what we’re going to do. As we move forward, we’ll iron out the details, so listen up.”



*16*

After almost an hour of going back and forth and laying out as many of the details as possible with backup plans, contingencies, time frames, logistics and other information that we already have available, we say our goodbyes and Captain Zott’s voice recedes from the room.
Ted is the first to speak as he gets up, stretches, and heads into the kitchenette. “Would you like a beer?”
“Sure.”
When he returns, handing me a long neck Lone Star in a brown bottle, the significance isn’t lost on me. Accepting it, I wryly comment, “Been to Texas lately?”
His reply is a sly smirk before he takes a long swallow from his cold bottle.
“You know, if I didn’t have to give my statement tomorrow, I could be on the road tonight.”
“You need to rest, Joe. She’s safe for now and not going anywhere.”
“I’ll feel a lot better when I have eyes on her and can look out for her myself,” I reply, wondering if she’s going to be happy to see me or upset that I couldn’t move on from her. But either way, Captain Zott gave me her Texas address and has assigned me to be her guardian angel for the time being. A job I don’t take lightly.
Even though we know I’ll be leading Jayne right to her for real this time, I won’t be going in with blinders on. My eyes will be wide open with the advantage of knowing who my enemy is. And this time, it isn’t Maria.
The beer doesn’t help much to take the edge off my excitement, but with the draining off of adrenaline, I suddenly can’t keep my eyes open. “I’m going to use your shower before I hit the rack,” looking around with a questioning expression. “By the way, what are the sleeping arrangements tonight? I’m only seeing the one bed.”
“Well, if you promise not to take advantage of me, we can share the bed. Oh, and no cuddling either,” he adds with a grin.
***
When I step out of the bathroom, Ted is lying on the top of the bed covers with only a pair of boxers on. I glance at him as I place my gear on the floor beside the bed nearest the door and farthest from him, my ankle gun resting on top of the pile for easy access, even though Ted has assured me that no one knows about this place.
With only my jeans on, I follow his lead and stretch out next to him, leaving as much space between us as is humanly possible without rolling off the edge of the bed. Although neither of us are large boned, we’re both over six feet of solid muscle weighing in at over two-hundred pounds. It’s a lot of man for a single queen size bed.
The only light in the room is what’s coming in through the gap in the blinds from the parking lot’s sodium lights, but I can see the ceiling clearly, and Ted can see the bruising on my chest against my pale skin.
“That looks pretty bad, Joe,” Ted’s concerned voice floats over me.
“It looks worse than it feels,” I reply, wondering just how sharp his eyes are that he can see the bruising on my torso in the shadows.
“You gonna save the slug?”
“Why, are you collecting them?” I impertinently reply.
“Nah, not me. But I knew a guy one time that collected all the bullets they dug out of his body from being wounded so many times. He had quite a collection. Just wondering if you were thinking along those lines.”
“Where’s that guy now?”
“Arlington.”
“What did he die from, lead poisoning?”
“IED.”
“Sorry, that isn’t funny,” I reply, momentarily subdued.
“Look, after you give your statement tomorrow, they probably won’t want to release your weapon back to you. But I’ve got a few connections and will make a couple of calls in the morning. Shouldn’t be a problem, especially after they learn you’re now contracting security for the federal government.”
“I appreciate that.” When he doesn’t say anymore, I continue, “So, you’re going to hang back on my six until you pick her up and then when you get the opportunity, put a bug on her vehicle and stay with her until we can close the net on her. Right? You’re not going to play hero and try to take her down without my help, right? Because I have a score to settle with that bitch. Moreover, all that shit is going to happen before we get anywhere near Texas, right?”
“Right. The sooner I can take her down, the better we all are. I just need her to pick up your trail so I can get on hers,” he agrees.
It didn’t escape my notice that he said, ‘I can take her down’ as in singular, but this doesn’t seem like the time to mention semantics to him. If she’s as dangerous as they’re portraying her to be, I don’t want him trying to take her down singlehandedly. It’s not that I don’t trust that he’s capable, I just can’t shake the feeling that there’s too much on the line to be taking any unnecessary chances, and I really do want to be in on it. She played me and now it’s my turn. So instead of arguing with him, I simply agree, “Good, because I don’t want that bitch any closer to Maria then absolutely necessary.”
“As long as you realize that even when we take her down, there will still be a contract on Maria. That’s why Captain gave you her address. He needs someone he can trust to protect her and we’re really shorthanded right now in that department. That’s pretty much why it’s just you and me with the Captain for support and logistics.”
“What happens with you after we take down Jayne? You take some time off and then move on to another assignment?”
“Yep, that’s pretty much it. At least until I’m needed to assist you in bringing Maria in to testify. But it sounds like that could be a long ways off yet, possibly even years. The DEA, CIA, Homeland Security, and probably a dozen other alphabet agencies, some we don’t even know exist, all want to use her information to the fullest before they bring her before a grand jury and draw out warrants.” He hesitates for a long moment before adding, “My next project is going to be finding the mole in one of those alphabet agencies that leaked the information about Maria to the Cartel in the first place.”
“Damn,” is all I can say in response to his revelation.
“Yeah, damn. Now get some sleep, it’s almost morning already and we’ve got some long days ahead of us.”
Before I can let it go though, I have to offer my services. “If there is anything I can do to help with that project, count me in.”
A soft chuckle escapes his lips before he answers, “Trust me, Joe, you’re not going to have much free time in your future if this plays out the way I thinks it’s going to. But I appreciate the offer.”
While I ponder his reply, a deep snoring assaults my ears.



*17*

It felt as if I’d barely closed my eyes when I hear the shower turn on and Ted’s deep voice singing a George Strait song at the top of his lungs. Something about her leaving you with a smile on your face. The smell of coffee is strong from a pot brewing in the kitchenette and the aroma literally lifts me off the bed, despite my protesting ribs that have tightened up during the night.
Glancing at Ted’s cellphone on the dresser, I notice that it’s just 0530 hrs. We managed less than three hours sleep, but it’ll have to do. If we were driving together to Texas, we could pull shifts driving and sleeping. But because we don’t have that option, it’s going to feel like a redeye the whole way.
Mental note to self, pick up a large thermos.
I’ve just poured us each a cup when Ted comes out of the bathroom, still whistling ‘She’ll Leave You With A Smile’ by George Strait, while briskly rubbing his military cut, light colored hair with a thick bath towel. “Bath’s all yours,” he says, accepting the cup with a smile and then resuming his whistling.
“You’re in good spirits this morning,” I casually remark, taking my coffee and shaving kit into the bathroom with me and closing the door.
“Yes, indeed,” he yells loud enough for me to hear him through the door. And then softer, “Yes, indeed.”
When I make my way out of the bathroom, my ribs rewrapped with Ace bandages that the EMTs gave me the night/early morning before, and a clean layer of skin beneath the same clothes I started out in the day before, I notice that the sun is shining and Ted is still in a good mood.
“If sleeping in the same bed as me makes you this happy, I can only imagine what you’re like after a night with a woman,” I grin, his mood somewhat contagious.
Handing me another cup of coffee in a travel mug with a lid this time, he smiles and replies, “We’re going on a road trip, bro. When was the last time you’ve been on a road trip?”
“Duh, does yesterday count when I drove down from Harrisonburg?”
“Shit man, that wasn’t no road trip. That wouldn’t even qualify as a day trip. What I’m talking about is a cross country road trip. The sights, the sounds, the people, what’s not to get excited about?”
“Ted, before you get carried away here, I have no intentions of taking a scenic route to Texas. I’m going to get that statement done and over with this morning and then it’s pedal to the metal, my friend,” I stoically inform him, making my intentions perfectly clear.
“That’s all well and good, Joe. But once I’m on her six, you’ll need to follow my instructions to a T. And if I say take a detour, you’d better fucking be taking that detour,” he gristles, the light-heartedness of just a moment before all but gone.
“I’m willing to do whatever it takes to keep Maria safe,” I growl back, and then add in a softer tone that clearly indicates we are done with that topic, “Let’s get my truck so I can get started. I’ve got errands to run, remember?”
***
After Ted drops me at my truck, I quickly head out of the parking lot and back down the road towards the nearest cop shop, which happens to be less than 2 blocks away, just up Park Drive. It would be nice if I could get my piece back, but I’m sure that’s not going to happen anytime soon. But once I take care of giving them my statement, I can put Virginia in my rearview mirror and go find Maria.
The police station isn’t anything fancy, but it’s functional, and the nice lady at the front is quick to put me in a private space with a legal pad and pen so I can get started. She also offers me a cup of coffee, which I don’t refuse and then leaves me to it.
I’ve put down most of what happened after reaching the house when a young detective walks up and pulls out a chair near me. He identifies himself as being with the county Sheriff’s Department and states that he would like to ask me a few questions before I leave.
“Not a problem,” I reply, studying him and not seeing much besides youthful enthusiasm. Yet, I know it takes more than a little hutzpah to become a detective anywhere, so he must have something going on upstairs in that well-groomed head of his. “Can I ask you one first?”
This threw him for a moment that I would have missed if I had not been studying him so hard. But he quickly regains his former composure and replies, “Sure, but let’s make it quick, I have a lot to do today. This isn’t the only case I’m working on.”
Sure it ain’t. That’s why you were able to shoot right out here when the nice young lady at the front called you, I think to myself. “Any chance of getting my gun back?” I only asked him because I want to give the impression it’s the only one I have.
That, and I kinda want to see what kind of pull Ted has with the local enforcement here.
“Yeah, that’s not going to happen anytime soon. Sorry,” he replies, not looking the least bit sorry.
Shrugging my shoulders in a show of defeat, I simply state, “Had to ask.”
Ignoring me, he begins his questions, most of them about how I happened to be in the house and what other kind of work did I contract with the Federal Government. Everything he asked, I pretty much had already explained to the patrol officers that had responded the night before.
When he finished looking over his notes as though to make sure he hadn’t forgotten anything, he smiles and says, “This is probably where I should tell you not to leave town, but we know that isn’t going to happen, don’t we?” And then before I can stand, having assumed we were finished and I was growing impatient to be on the road, not to mention that I was also very tired and getting cranky, he asks, “What are your immediate plans?”
“Take a piss, if the nice lady will show me where the restrooms are.” I know, it was uncalled for, but that is my immediate plan.
Ignoring my snide remark, he says instead, “You didn’t put a phone number on the statement where we can reach you except for an office number. Can I get that from you?”
“Sorry, my phone was destroyed last night. But I’ll tell you what, give me your number and I’ll call you when I get a new phone,” I say, standing up and looking around for a restroom.
“Make sure you do. Here’s my card and the restrooms are right down there,” he says, handing me a card and then nodding in the general direction for me to take.
Quickly relieving myself, I notice on the way back out that the young detective is shifting nervously from one foot to the other in front of the nice ladies desk as if he were waiting impatiently for me to come out of the restroom so he could use it.
When he sees me, he hurriedly moves in my direction to cut me off from the exit, a clear bag held tightly in his right hand with a piece of paper folded around it. “Hold up a second,” he says, when he notices that I’m not slowing down.
“Officer?” I reply, turning toward him and noticing for the first time that the bag contains what appears to be a semi-automatic handgun as he pulls the paper away from the bag and holds it out toward me with his free hand.
“Yeah, you asked me about your weapon,” he responds, not making eye contact. “I have it right here. I just need you to sign this form, if that’s okay.”
Wow, what a change in demeanor. Ted really does have some juice with the local man in charge.
After quickly signing the form and handing it back to him, he hands me the bag containing my handgun and almost spins on his heel as he turns back toward the front desk with the form held out in front of him for the nice lady sitting there with a knowing smirk on her face.
“Thanks,” I mumble under my breath before turning back toward the exit and making my way outside.
The minute I climb into my truck, I fire up the GPS unit and look for the most direct route to Comanche, Texas. Turning the key, the engine quickly ticks to life and I find my way out of town on Hwy 61 West, the rpms on the engine beating out a tune that matches the excited pacing of my heart. For the first time in almost six years of desperate searching, I feel something different in the air, a suspenseful tension mixed with giddy excitement, almost as if the end of my journey is finally drawing near.
Of course, the end of one journey can only be the beginning of another. But will my new journey be one with the reward that I’ve been craving, or will it just be the end of a long and tiresome search?



*18*

The steady hum of the tires quickly works on my over taxed and stressed out brain and before I know it, I’m having a hard time keeping my eyes open and my attention on the road. Although traffic is light and it’s still an hour before noon, I decide to find a place to get off the road and get some food and caffeine into me. I also need to find a burner phone so I can contact Ted.
Just a little over an hour into my journey, I find a TA Truck stop where I should be able to get everything I need. There’s a Popeye’s on the same court so I know I can take care of three out of four of my needs at least.
Pulling up to the pump, I set up the fueling and head into the store to see if they carry any kind of prepaid phones. To my relief, they do. And they also have a nice arrangement of coffee machines with differing flavors for those that need something besides liquid coal to stoke their engine.
Finding a nice selection of thermoses, I pick up the largest and head toward the coffee dispensers. After filling it and adding a few healthy shots of creamer, I also grab the largest to-go cup and give it a fill of the same high caffeine mix.
Stepping up to the counter where there’s a young blond woman wearing her years in spades, along with bags beneath her eyes that almost match the grey cotton blouse and grey flannel slacks she’s wearing, I set down my coffees and ask her to pick out two of the cheapest flip phones they have, a couple of ninety minute air cards, and half a dozen corndogs and jojos. “Oh, and give me a couple of those mobile charging cords too, please,” I say, dropping my charge card on the counter as she bags up my food in a specially lined container made just for the purpose.
When she has everything rung up, she looks at me with a questioning half smile, “Are you pump 23?”
“You know, I forgot to look at the number before I came in,” I reply a little sheepishly. “Are we around thirty gallons on it?”
“Twenty-seven point four.”
“Yup, that sounds about right,” I reply. Putting my card away, I take the bag she made up and nod, “Thanks.”
“Have a nice day,” she replies, her voice sounding tired and not just from putting in a long shift. Much too worn out for a girl of thirty or so. But that’s none of my business or concern.
Having everything I need, the first thing I do when I reach my truck is pull into a nice quiet spot on the court and plug in the phones. While they’re charging, I fire them up and install the prepaid minutes, all the while supping back on the take out cup of coffee. It’s far from the best I’ve ever had, but for truck stop coffee, it’ll get the job done.
With both phones ready to go, I grab out a corndog and quickly wolf it down before dialing up Ted and texting him my new numbers.
Within seconds, I get a brief message back simply asking where I am and to keep him posted of my location at all times. His question instantly reminds me that I have a tracking bug somewhere on my truck and that Jayne is probably watching me at this very moment. The thought is very sobering.
After texting him my location and general itinerary, I pull out another corndog and slowly eat this one out of consideration for my GI tract while washing it down with liquid coal. Seeing a sign for restrooms and showers, I head the truck in that direction to catch some quick relief before heading back out on the road.
The restrooms and showers were through a side entrance of the main building and when I step out I notice the young counter girl being half dragged, half stumbling by a large man wearing dirty jeans and an even dirtier tee shirt towards a jacked up pickup truck parked so it’s taking up several prime spots in front of the main entrance.
Being less than thirty feet from them, I can clearly see the bruising that his sausage fingers are imprinting on her upper arm and the tears running down her face. This isn’t right and I find myself drawing the conclusion that he’s the reason the poor girl is growing old before her time. No one should be treated so callously.
And no one’s going to be. Not when I’m around.
And here I thought Ted was the one with the savior complex. 
***
“Excuse me, mam,” I say, loud enough to garner the big man’s attention.
“She ain’t your mam. Get the fuck out of here asshole, this ain’t none of your damned business,” the guy literally spits out, saliva flying from between stained and decaying teeth.
“Well, excuse me, then,” I calmly reply, not letting him see the anger beginning to boil in my veins as he yanks the passenger door open on his truck and roughly pushes her toward the seat, her knees banging loudly and painfully against the lower door sill. That’s gonna leave a couple of bruises, and yet she didn’t even flinch. “But I just purchased some phones from this lady and I have a quick question about them, if you don’t mind.”
He spins around, pulling her with him and meets my gaze. “Are you still here?”
“Yeah, it’s just a simple question that I’m hoping she can answer, and then I’ll be on my way,” I calmly state stepping in closer to him.
“She’s off for the day. Now get the fuck out of here before I lose my temper, asshole,” he says, releasing her arm with a brutal shove that has her stumbling up against the side of the truck while actually taking a threatening step towards me with his fists balled at his sides.
While shifting slowly to the right to draw him in to me and to put her even further away from us and out of any potential danger, I calmly remark, “This will only take a minute, trust me.”
“You’re damned straight it will,” he bellows as he lunges toward me, clearly believing that his much larger size and shitty attitude are enough to either make me turn and run, or stand and get my ass kicked.
As he raises his fists in an exaggerated show of intent to pummel me, I step in close and strike him in the throat with my right hand, the knuckles of my fingers extended forward. He stops in his tracks and his eyes pop open wide, both of his hands shooting to his throat as he momentarily can’t draw in any air. Moving his mouth open and shut like a fish out of water, I take an almost casual step around the left side of him and calmly ask the young woman if she has somewhere safe she can go.
“I live with him,” she says self-consciously without looking at me, her eyes wide in surprise that the brute is still unable to breathe and now crumpling to his knees as I hear a sharp whistle of air seeping past his damaged trachea. “Is he going to be alright?” she timidly asks, not moving toward him, but rather, watching him with a mixture of fear and uncertainty in her eyes.
“Yeah, he should be fine in a little while. He probably won’t be doing any aerobics, nor will he be raising his voice towards anyone any time soon, but yeah, he’ll live,” I reply, the contempt I’m feeling for him obvious in the tone of my voice. “Is there a friend or somewhere I can take you to where you’ll be safe?” I ask again, a small niggling in the back of my neck reminding me that I’m losing time that I should be spending on the road getting closer to Maria.
“I have a friend,” she slowly replies, her voice barely more than a whisper. “But all my stuff is at his house.”
“Don’t worry, we can swing by there and pick up the important stuff on the way to your friend’s place. Come on, I’ll take you.”
When I extend my hand toward her, she jerks away as if I were going to strike her. Pulling my hand back, I turn toward the pig who is still holding his throat while working his way back to his feet, his tearing eyes looking at us with murderous intent. As I approach him, the look in his eyes quickly turns to fear and he backs up until he is up against the front fender of his truck. Knowing I have his full attention, I get right up in his face and look him in the eye before telling him, “She’s going to collect her stuff from your place and you’re not going to bother her. Ever again. If you do, I will hunt you down and kill you. Do you understand?” When he simply stares at me, I add, “If you understand, nod your head up and down.”
He tries to say something and I immediately recognize the shift in his eyes to one of impudence and bop his ears, probably busting both ear drums, before he even realizes that my hands have moved. When his hands move from his throat to his ears, I give him a knuckle punch in the sternum, driving what little air he’s managed to suck in, right back out, watching as he collapses to his knees once again.
His forehead is firmly planting against the dirty asphalt just as two truckers step out of the store.
“Is there a problem here?” the one in front asks, looking between the frightened woman standing near the back side of the truck and the big dude on his knees near the front of the truck and me standing casually in front of said big dude.
“Not anymore. He just needed a lesson in how to treat a woman,” I reply, quickly sizing them up because I’m not sure of their intentions. The tattoo on his upper arm has me asking, “You served?”
“Semper Fi,” is his proud response. “You?”
“Army Rangers.”
“I’d offer you a hand, but in that case, you probably don’t need one,” he says with a smirk. “What’s the full story with the lady?” he adds, nodding in her direction. “She’s looking a tad pale.”
“I don’t know much beyond the fact that she works here and was living with this piece of shit until just now.”
“The name’s Jessica,” she says overly loudly, slowly stepping up beside me. In a more natural tone of voice, she adds, “He’s right, I work here, and up until two minutes ago, I lived with that pig.” She pauses, her color quickly coming back as the initial fear and embarrassment leaves her. And then, in an even softer tone, asks, “Can we go now?”
“Absolutely,” I reply with a genuine smile toward her. The half smile she returns me lights up her face and I can see a beauty there that I hadn’t noticed before.
“What’s the plan?” the same trucker asks, almost as if he suddenly suspects I might be taking advantage of the woman.
“We’re going to get my stuff from my house and then he’s going to take me to a friend of mine,” she says before I can reply.
“In that case,” he replies with a smirk, “We’ll make sure he doesn’t go anywhere for a while so you don’t have to worry about him coming after you real soon.”
She simply nods her head and looks toward me as I reply, “Thanks. Much appreciated.”
“No problem. Now get going before he catches his breath,” he chuckles, taking a step toward the big dude.



*19*

Once I have her strapped in the seat of my truck, I hand her the flip phone and tell her to contact her friend and let her know what happened and make sure it’s okay for her to come by. She gingerly takes the phone from me and almost too hesitantly, flips it open.
When she doesn’t immediately begin pushing buttons, I ask, “Is there a problem, or can’t you remember the number. I know how that is when you don’t call someone from memory for a while, it’s easy to forget the number. Hell, most times I can’t even remember my own damn number.”
“It’s not that,” he says, her voice barely audible over the sound of the truck’s idling engine.
“You don’t really have a friend to go to, do you?”
Unable to speak, she simply shakes her head and the tears start falling again.
Reaching across the seat, I place a gentle hand on her shoulder and her body suddenly tenses up as she jerks away from my hand as if it were an electric cattle prod.
“Whoa, easy there, Jessy,” I say softly, keeping my hands on the steering while and only watching her out of the corner of my eye. “No one’s going to hurt you.”
What the hell did that guy do to her?
We haven’t left the parking lot yet, so I’m tempted to go back and give the asshole a taste of his own medicine. As if reading my thoughts, Jessica says, “Can we just go?”
Putting the truck in gear, I slowly pull forward, noticing that the two truckers are keeping the asshat there just like they promised. In fact, the one that did all the talking is standing there with his boot on the asshat’s head, firmly pinning him to the pavement while acting very nonchalant about the whole thing. They both give me a smile and a curt wave as I head toward the exit.
“Left or right?”
Looking up to see where we are, she simply replies, “Left.”
“This would be a lot easier if you just talked to me like a normal person, you know,” I tease her with a smile.
It seems to work, when she slowly lifts her head and looks up to see where we are. Taking stock of our location, she begins giving me directions to the house where she’d been living with that lowlife.
I want to ask her questions and get the full story of her current situation, but I don’t feel it’s my place. It’ll have to suffice that I’m getting her away from that asshole for now.
But what I’m going to do with her after that, I have no idea at this point. Hopefully, there’s a woman’s shelter somewhere near that I can take her to, because I definitely can’t afford to be taking her with me. Even if not for Maria and my own personal mission of finding her, things are about to get dangerous and I can’t be looking out for a civilian while dealing with it. There is a world renowned assassin on my tail, and that is a very sobering thought.
“Do you mind me calling you Jessy?” I ask, trying to keep her talking and in the present, because it looks like she keeps slipping into the recesses of everything that’s going on in her head. There’ll be a time for that later. Right now, we just need to get her things and find somewhere safe for her to stay.
“My mom used to call me that,” she softly answers. “No, I don’t mind at all. It’s kind of nice really.”
She’s worrying her fingers on her lap, when she suddenly says, “That’s it there. The white one with the green trim.” And then, as if to apologize for its unkempt appearance, continues, “I haven’t had much time for working on the yard. I used to plant flowers in the beds, but Tom thought they were a waste of money. He also told me he didn’t want the boy that used to come by and mow the yard to come around anymore. He said he would get a lawn mower and take care of it himself, but he never did.”
“So, this is your place, not his?” I asked, confused as to what he’s doing living in her house if she doesn’t want him here.
“I had a hard time making rent working at the store and a friend said I needed to take in a roommate to help out financially. I was going to run an ad, but he suggested this guy he knew and before I knew it, Tom had moved in. It’s not like I even had a chance to interview him or anything. He just showed up one day with his truck and stuff and moved in like he owned the place.”
“Why didn’t you call someone, maybe even the police, and have him removed?”
“He scared me. From the moment he moved in he threatened me. Told me how he has killed people and made them disappear and that if I gave him a problem, I could disappear just like the others.” She begins shaking and I’m torn about reaching for her to comfort her for fear I might make it worse.
“Oh hell, Jessy,” I hiss, reaching across the seat and pulling her in to my arms. To my surprise, she doesn’t fight me or resist, and after a long moment of crying softly against my chest, I feel her body go soft and relax into my embrace.
She’s a little thing and almost feels like holding a child. We sit in the truck in the driveway for several long minutes, giving her time to compose herself before she sits back up and I ask her if she’s ready to go inside, wondering in the back of my mind if Jayne has eyes on us and what she must be thinking.
I’m also wondering how the two boys back at the store are doing with Tom, and concerned about how much time they’re actually buying us.
***
With a slight nod of her head, she reaches for the door handle and I jump out of my side and hurry around to the passenger’s side of the truck so I can give her a hand down. When we reach the door, she hesitates as if she is almost afraid to continue.
“He’s not here,” I say softly, glancing around the neighborhood and wondering how many people are watching us from behind drawn drapes. All in all it’s not a bad looking neighborhood of what appear to be middle income homes. Most people are probably at work at this time of day and the kids would be in school.
After inserting her key in the lock and slowly walking inside with me looking over her head in case of any surprises, as unlikely as it seems, I softly ask her, “Have you paid rent recently?”
A soft chuckle escapes her lips as she moves further into the main living room and stops. “It’s over a month past due, but I got paid today and I was going to take care of it today. That’s why Tom was at the store. He knew I was going to pay up the rent and he wanted my paycheck so he could go partying with his boys tonight instead of paying the rent. I told him he was going to get us kicked out, but he would just laugh like it was no big deal. The landlord has been very lenient with me in the past, but I think he’s going to take me to court if I don’t pay him today.”
“In that case, I suggest you gather up everything of importance to you because I don’t think you’ll be coming back,” I say, trying to keep my words from sounding as harsh as the reality of them is.
“Let me worry about that.”
When she heads down the short hall to what I’m assuming is her bedroom, I take a quick tour of the rest of the place. For the most part, it’s picked up and clean, no stacks of dirty dishes in the sink or bags of trash setting around the floor, speaking of which, the linoleum is worn, but recently mopped from the looks of it.
She returns from the bedroom with a large piece of luggage that has seen better days and stops in the living room. I can tell immediately that she’d been crying again and made an attempt to wash her face to hide the evidence.
“Anything in the kitchen?”
The question almost starts the tears again, but she forcefully pulls herself together and replies, “Yeah, the dishes, the silverware, the pots and pans, hell, even the TV and this ratty old couch.” She takes a deep breath and exhales loudly before continuing, “But like you said, I’m probably never going to return here and that’s okay too. This place has become nothing but a bad memory.”
“Then I suggest we get the hell out of here. Let me get that for you,” I add, gathering up the oversized suitcase and heading toward the door.
“Where are you taking me?”
To her credit, she didn’t sound frightened anymore. It was almost as if she’d made the mental decision that anywhere with me had to be better than here with him.
“Let’s get out of this neighborhood and then I’ll make a couple of calls. We’ll find a nice place for you to live, even if it’s temporary until you get back on your feet,” I reply, putting her luggage in the bed of the truck before opening the door for her. “By the way, what did you do with the key to this place?”
“I left it on the coffee table. Why?”
“That’s good. We just don’t want any future connections to it.” Handing her my phone, I ask, “If you know your landlord’s number, give him a call and let him know that you’ve vacated the premises and where you left the key. If you feel an obligation for the past due rent, you can tell him that you’ll take care of it once you’re back on your feet. For now though, hang onto your money. If I’m correct, you probably won’t need it. But keep it with you like an emergency fund.”
She looks at me with a strange expression, so I quickly add, “I’m going to do everything I can for you, but you never know what destiny has in store. Consider it insurance.”
“You’re a strange man Mr...”
“Bloodstone. Joseph Bloodstone. Just call me Joe.”
“Okay, Joe,” she replies, giving me a smile that once again lights up the world.



*20*

We head down the street and as I’m hanging a left two blocks down from her place, I see the jacked up pickup that Tom owns come flying around the corner three blocks back. I know Jessica isn’t aware that Tom is as close as he is, so I decide not to mention it unless he keeps coming. The only way to know whether he saw us or not before we went around the corner is to pull over and wait. It won’t take him long to catch up if indeed he spotted us.
“Don’t take this wrong, Jessy, but does Tom own a gun?” I ask as nonchalantly as possible while pulling over to the curb in a manner that makes it look like I’m doing so to make it easier for her to call her landlord.
“Not as many as he used to,” she replies with a smirk as she presses buttons on the phone and then quickly presses it up against her ear.
After hanging up from her landlord, she says, “He’s not happy, but I think he understands and he didn’t mention anything about owing him past rent, so I didn’t bring it up.” She pauses, looking out the side window before turning back to face me. “Was that wrong of me?”
“Under the circumstances, no. If he had any clue what was going on there, and as your landlord, I have a feeling he did, he should have stepped in. Done something. Don’t worry about it. But I do want you to explain about the guns. What exactly do you mean, not as many as he used to?”
“I don’t know a whole lot about guns, but I know he still has a deer rifle. His pistol is in my bag, as well as all the bullets for the rifle,” she says with that feisty smirk on her face again.
“You know, Jessy, I think I underestimated you,” I reply with a grin, not to mention relief at not seeing Tom’s truck coming around the corner.
It was time to get clear of this neighborhood.
***
This little distraction with Jessica has cost me valuable time, but it couldn’t be helped. Now that she was safe though, I needed to come up with a plan. I also needed some rest and real food. Heading down US 81W, I ask Jessica if she’s hungry.
“I was wondering when you were going to offer me some of your corndogs and jojos,” she says with a smile.
Chuckling softly at her, I reply, “No, that was for another plan where I drove straight through the day and all night. Now I’m thinking diner and a couple of motel rooms so I can catch a little shuteye. I haven’t slept in what feels like days.”
At the mention of a motel, her body tenses. “Separate rooms, Jessy.”
“It’s not that, Joe. One room with twin beds will be fine,” she says with a bit of hesitation before adding, “I don’t really know you, but I feel safe with you. I trust you.”
She looks out the window and just about everywhere else she can without looking at me. I can tell she has something more she wants to say, so I keep quiet and let her speak when she’s ready. Which is sooner than I expected.
“I’m not blind or deaf. I know you are someone that has to be somewhere and it is obvious that you’re in a hurry to get there, and yet, you stopped to help me. I’m not sure how I should feel about that. Of course, I feel obligated to you, but I also feel guilty for taking up so much of your time,” she says, her voice soft.
“It’s my time to give,” I reply softly, hoping it’s true.
We continue on for quite a while in silence before I speak again. “According to the GPS, where I80 crosses state route 92, we should be able to find a place that serves food. We’ll stop there and get something to eat, maybe look into getting a room for a few hours so I can catch some shuteye before I put us in the ditch. I also need to make some phone calls,” I add as an afterthought. In the back of my mind, I realize that Ted must be wondering where I am by now. Of course, he hasn’t texted me either, and that has me more than a little concerned. If he catches on to Jayne alone, without backup, things could go sideways really fast.
“I have enough money that I can get my own motel room while I look for another job,” she suddenly blurts. “I’m sure we are far enough now that he will not find me.”
The thought of just dropping her off somewhere had never entered my mind, for obvious reasons, and her mentioning it suddenly out of the blue catches me off guard.
“That is so not happening, Jessy,” I firmly reply. “You were in a bad situation and I stepped in to help...”
“You have, and I will be grateful to you forever,” she says, cutting me off. “But you don’t have to do anymore than you’ve already done. I’ve taken up enough of your time. I won’t be any more of a burden to you. So, if you could just drop me off somewhere, I will find my way from there. I can take care of myself.”
“Jessy, because of me, you no longer have a roof over your head or a job.” When she starts to say something about not being my responsibility, I cut her off, “When I stepped in to help, I had a fair idea that I was going to be uprooting you. Granted,” I continue, raising my hand to silence her protests. “Granted, I will give you that I hadn’t thought it through to the end. But with that said, I have resources to help you. Just be patient with me.”
“I don’t want to be a burden,” she mumbles softly, looking down at her hands in her lap.
“Trust me, Jessy, you are not a burden.” I rub the burn from my eyes and focus on the highway ahead, looking for the correct exit before adding, “Plus, even if I were of a mind to drop you off, we are not far enough away for Ted to not find you. With that said, even if we were, I am not dropping you off until I know you are someplace safe. Besides, I kinda like your company.”
My last words cause her to smile slightly and that’s enough for me to make my statement feel true. Having her with me right now, despite the situation that I currently find myself, is doing wonders for my soul. She makes me feel human and grounded, which is where I need to be when I find Maria.
I just hope it’s enough, because if things aren’t what I’ve wished and prayed for them to be for the past six years, my world is going to come crashing down really hard and it’s going to take every bit of good I have in me to pick up the pieces.
If I’m capable of picking up the pieces.
***
As we roll down the off ramp, I see a couple of motels across the highway on my left and a Pilot straight ahead. Since we don’t need fuel, I head toward the nearest of the two motels and pull into the breezeway to check in, leaving Jessica in the truck.
“Good day, Sir,” says a young woman from behind a tall counter, her hair and makeup impeccable, making her easy on the eyes.
“Hi, I need a room with twin beds, please,” I reply, glancing around the lobby while pulling out my charge card and laying it on the counter.
She picks it up and smiles, saying, “Just a moment,” while she pushes some keys and slides my card through a reader. Putting my card and a receipt on the counter, she says, “Can you sign here please?”
After signing the receipt, I put a copy of it and my card in a pocket while she reaches down in front of her and retrieves a door card. Handing it to me, she then informs me of checkout times and thanks me for considering their hotel today and to have a pleasant stay.
“Do you have room service here?” I ask, before turning back toward the exit.
“Yes, we do. You’ll find a menu and phone number on the desk in your room.”
“Thank you.”
Pulling the truck around to the guest parking area closest to our room, I take a moment to explain to Jessica that we can order food and drinks in without having to go to a restaurant before climbing out of the truck. “I’m not sure what we’ll find on the menu, but it should be edible. I just don’t think I can keep my eyes open through a formal dinner. Plus, I can make my calls while we wait for delivery, if that’s okay with you.”
“You know you don’t have to ask,” she says softly, almost timidly.
“Thank you,” I say, appreciating her understanding.
Stepping out of the truck, I take a quick look around the parking area for anything that seems out of place. Though I don’t see anything suspicious, the hairs suddenly stand up on the back of my neck and I get a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. Before heading around the front of the truck and opening the door for Jessica so I can give her a hand down, I take another look around, trusting my instincts that have served me well over the years.
Again, not seeing anything, I open her door, extending my hand and giving her an assist down. With her feet on solid ground, she takes several tentative steps away from the truck to give herself room to stretch out her limbs, while I step to the bed of the truck and reach over the side to retrieve her luggage when there is a sudden blast of exploding glass from the side window of the car parked two spaces from us.
Instinctively, I duck down and automatically pull out my weapon, when my ears are hit simultaneously with the distant report of a high powered rifle and the not so distant screaming of a woman.
In a crouch, I run to Jessica and grab her around the waist with my left arm, dragging her roughly to the front wheel of my truck where I push her to the ground and position my body over hers to protect her. Her screams quickly dwindle to a profusion of muffled crying and whimpering as I raise myself high enough to look over the hood of my truck in the direction that the shot came from.
Up on the highway, I notice a silver Toyota accelerating away at high speed in a westerly direction before being lost to sight. From where it must have been parked, the distance appears to be well over one thousand yards, much too far for the range of my 9mm handgun even if it were still sitting there. It’s also well out of range of me being able to make out the license plate. And there was no chance of seeing the shooter through the custom tinted windows.
As a sigh of relief and frustration drains out of me, I return my weapon to its holster and look down to tell Jessica that it’s over and that she’s safe, only to find an unconscious woman slumped against the front wheel of my truck with blood soaking down the front of her blouse. Dropping to my knees in front of her, my heart racing, I realize for the first time that she’s been hit and losing a lot of blood.
Pulling her away from the wheel so I can lay her down, I quickly run my hands over her upper body in the area where the blood is coming from. It takes only a moment to figure out that the bullet entered her right shoulder and exited out the back, hitting the side window of the vehicle a couple of spaces from my truck. Her entrance wound isn’t bleeding very heavily, but the pool surrounding her is growing much too quickly to not be serious. Rolling her onto her stomach, I find the exit wound and quickly begin applying pressure to it with my left hand. As I pull out my cellphone with my right to call 911, a man comes running up, his phone already in his hand and his eyes wide, yelling almost hysterically into his phone.
Without thinking, I reach out and grab the phone out of his hand, the man appearing to be in too much shock to react. “Hello, is this 911?” I quickly ask.
Relief hits me like a warm towel when the voice comes back, “Yes, we’ve dispatched police and an ambulance. Who am I speaking with?”
“This is Joseph Bloodstone. I have a woman approximately 30 years of age with a bullet wound to the right shoulder and an exit wound out the back. Suspect is driving a silver Toyota, unable to get a plate, heading west on 92 from the 92-40 interchange. Hold on.”
“Oh my god, what happened? She’s been shot,” the man yells, his voice high pitched and nervous.
His yelling and commotion is drawing a crowd of onlookers and I can hear a siren in the distance. I’m looking at the people beginning to crowd around when a man pushes through them and stops in front of me. After a quick assessment of the situation, he checks Jessica’s vitals with a soft touch on her throat, wrist, and pushes up an eyelid before putting his ear to her mouth and pinching her nose shut.
When he looks at me, I immediately recognize a kindred spirit, and he says before I can ask him, “Medic, Navy, on leave, supposedly for some R&R,” he adds with a wry grin. “Tell them her vitals are good, no injuries to the lungs that I can tell.”
“Thank you,” I reply after relaying his information.
“Keep pressure on the wound, she’ll be fine. Your wife?”
“I thought you’d be more interested in why someone would shoot her than her marital status,” I reply, a hint of jealousy taking shape in my mind that I quickly kick back into submission.
He makes the wrong assumption, and I find myself not correcting him for some unknown reason. “She’s a fine looking woman, you’re a lucky man.”
“Thanks, I’ll be sure and let her know.”
Just then, the ambulance pulls up and he rises, saying, “Looks like your ride is here, so I guess I’ll be on my way.”
“Again, thanks.”
With a nod, he steps aside for the first medic and when I look up again, he’s nowhere to be seen. They’re loading Jessica on a stretcher with bandages around her torso and shoulder when the first state trooper shows up. His face is familiar because I just met him the night before, and he isn’t looking too happy.



*21*

“Mr. Bloodstone, isn’t it?” he says with a look on his face that doesn’t hide the fact that he don’t like me.
“Officer...”
Before I can continue, he cuts me off like he doesn’t really want to hear what I have to say. “Why is it every time we meet there’s a body?”
“She’s not dead!” I fire back, suddenly angry that he would even suggest such a thing.
His demeanor instantly changes from condescending to authoritarian with attitude. “Before we get into what happened here, where’s your partner? Is he going to cover for you again?”
“Any word on the silver Toyota I reported fleeing the scene?” I ask, ignoring both his demeanor and question.
He slowly turns toward the highway where I’d seen the suspect and then says under his breath but loud enough for me to hear, “That would have been one hell of a shot, if you asked me.”
“I’ve seen better, especially if I had been his target. Then I’d have to say it was a damned lousy shot.”
Walking slowly toward the vehicle that got hit, his leather soles crunching on the broken glass, he stops and slowly surveys the area as if he’s looking for clues. Looking in through the broken side window, he says, “You’re a PI, correct?”
“Yeah, so?”
“And you’re doing contract work for the feds?”
“I think we just went through all that this morning.”
With a sarcastic smirk, he says, “So what are you, a hit man for them?”
Without a word, I turn and start walking away, mumbling under my breath, “Kiss my ass.”
Before I get two steps, he loudly says, “You haven’t told me where your partner is yet.”
“Right here,” Ted says, stepping through the crowd that is quickly dispersing with the ambulance already gone and just the one state trooper and a couple of local deputies that are just hovering around as if waiting for someone to tell them what to do.
“How’d you find me?” I ask before the trooper can respond.
“Your name came over the dispatch and I was notified. We need to talk.”
“Look,” I say to the trooper. “I was just an innocent bystander here. Can I just give you a statement and be on my way?”
Though he looks like he would like nothing better than to screw around with me for a while just for his own entertainment and ego, there’s something about Ted’s presence that causes him unease, and if it gets him out of here sooner than not, I really don’t give a shit what it is. “Nah, I got more important things to do,” he replies, glancing quickly at Ted before giving me a hard look and then heading back to his patrol car.
“I got a room up there,” I inform Ted, picking up Jessica’s suitcase. “Can you find out where they took her while I grab a shower?”
When I reach the door to the room, I notice that Ted hasn’t moved. He’s standing right where I left him scratching his head. Pushing the door open, I yell, “Come on. I’ll explain everything.”
In reality though, I have no idea what I’m going to tell him.
***
“What’s with the suitcase?” he asks when I leave it by the door and head to the nearest place to park my tired ass, which is a padded swivel chair in front of a small writing desk by the window facing the parking lot.
“It’s Jessica’s,” I tiredly reply. The adrenalin from being under fire is wearing off and my body is beginning to crash. As much as I need rest, I need to bring Ted up to speed before I close my eyes and fall asleep.
“Okay, start talking,” he says with a smirk.
“First off, it’s not what you think...”
He cuts me off before I can finish. “I saw a very nice looking woman on a gurney being loaded into the ambulance, you’re probably not the first man that’s given her some attention...”
This time it’s my turn to cut him off, and I angrily hiss through gritted teeth, “I won’t say this again, Ted. It’s not what you think. 
“Okay, since you seem to know what I think, you tell me what it is then, Joe.”
“Long story short, I got her out of an abusive relationship and then I got her shot. You can see where I might feel a little responsibility for her, right?”
“I don’t know all the details, but you’re making the assumption that it was Jayne that took a shot at you and,” he pauses to consider his next words before continuing. “And that she somehow missed you and hit this woman, Jessica, by mistake? I’m sorry, Joe, but Jayne doesn’t miss. That is not her MO.”
“It was easily over one thousand yards, Ted, anyone can miss at that distance,” I argue, albeit somewhat weakly.
“Is it possible that Jessica’s abuser was the shooter?” he asks in a deadly serious tone.
“Has anyone checked on his status or location yet?”
“Give me his name and I’ll check with the locals back at Wytheville.”
“Tom somebody or other. I don’t have a full name, but here’s the address, I’ll text it to your phone. That’s the house where he lived with Jessica. I put the address in my phone when I took her by to collect her things, which are all in that suitcase there,” I say, nodding toward the piece of luggage sitting by the door.
Ted moves over to the nearest bed and drops down on it while pulling his phone out and pushing some buttons before greeting someone by name on the other end like they’re old friends. “All right, give me a call back as soon as you know something. Thanks. I owe you one,” he says, finishing the call. “We should know something very soon, in the meantime, let’s look at this from another angle. Is it possible that Jayne is afraid you might have gotten distracted by this woman, like you got distracted by her back in Harrisonburg?”
“What, you think she’s jealous?” I laughingly reply, my voice dripping sarcasm.
“No, I think she’s afraid that you’ll lose interest in Maria and not lead her to her target.”
“Then wouldn’t she have shot to kill? Jessy was only wounded.”
“She’s a pro, Joe. There’s no upside to killing civilians.”
“Someone showed up and checked her vitals while I was keeping pressure on the wound. When I tried to thank him, he hurriedly disappeared into the crowd that showed up. I got a strange vibe off of him. At first I thought I was looking at a kindred spirit, you know, like someone that’s been there. But now that I think about it, you don’t suppose that was her new hired help, do you?”
Before he can answer, his phone dings with an incoming text. Tom is up to his eyeballs in his usual dive. Source says he’s been there all day.
Ted quickly texts a thank you response and says, “That rules your bad boy out.”
“Look, I’m not thinking straight and I need some shuteye, but I also need to check on Jessy...”
“Jessy now, not Jessica any longer,” he says teasingly. Before I can argue with him, again, he continues, “Look, I can find out where they took her and go check on her if you want to catch some beauty sleep. It’s not as if you don’t need it.”
“Ha ha.”
“I could give you a ride, but we really shouldn’t be seen together. Though it might already be a little late for that if indeed that guy that called 911 is Jayne’s new accomplice. He would have seen me approaching and they’ll have figured out real quick that I was on the scene much too fast to not have been following you.”
“And yet, you never picked on them. Tsk tsk. Can I really trust you to keep me safe?” I ask with a smirk, because he knows I can. There is no one that I trust more than him and he knows it.
“We don’t know for sure that the guy is with her,” he meekly replies, knowing he dropped the ball in both blowing his cover by rushing to the scene, and by not picking up my tail.
“Let’s just assume that he is for now. At least if I see him again, I’ll recognize him.”
“Yeah, there is that,” he sighs. “So, are you riding with me to the hospital or not?”
Pushing out of the chair and getting heavily to my feet, I nod toward the suitcase and simply reply, “You get the luggage.” With a simple nod of agreement, he too rises to his feet, and grabs the suitcase as he pushes the door open. Close on his heels, I tiredly add, “Wake me when we get there.”



*22*

The minute I’m in the passenger seat of his SUV, I tilt my head back and close my eyes. Almost immediately, I hear Ted’s voice urging me to wake up.
“We’re here,” he says loudly, the SUV already parked and the motor shut off.
Glancing at the clock on the radio, I note that it took less than twenty-five minutes to reach the hospital. In fact, it might have only taken five and Ted let me catch some shuteye before waking me.
“You know, we’re going to have to come up with a new plan before we get to Texas, right?” I mumble.
“Yeah, we’ll work something out after we figure out what we’re going to do with your girl here,” he replies, his tone of voice clearly betraying his feelings about me getting sidetracked. “Maybe the Captain will have some ideas.”
“I’ve got one, but it can wait until we finish here. Maybe there’s a help desk that can tell us where the nearest woman’s shelter is.”
“Yeah, there’s always that. How’re your ribs doing, by the way? Still pretty sore?”
“You have no fucking idea.”
“Maybe we can get you an X-ray while we’re here.” He pauses for a moment before adding in a sober voice, “Don’t worry about Maria, she’s safe for the time being.”
“I appreciate that. It does take some of the anxiety off my shoulders knowing that we have time.”
He glances over at me before asking, “We good, then?”
“I should be asking you that. I’m the one that got off target, not you.”
“Yeah, but I should have latched onto Jayne before she ever had a chance to take potshots at you. And I never should have crashed the scene like that, it was a noob mistake that probably blew our first plan out of the water, or at least to the point that we need to come up with a new one.”
“And we will,” I say with finality before adding, “Come on, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
***
The charge nurse, a middle-aged taskmaster, takes one look at Ted and me and with narrowed eyes immediately demands more information regarding our relationship to Jessica. Even when Ted flashes his Government ID in her face and explains that we’re only trying to look out for Jessica’s safety, she isn’t completely swayed.
“Maybe you can call his commanding officer and tell him who you have standing before you and he can answer any questions you might have,” I suggest, my patience growing thin with the woman even though I appreciate her looking out for the patients under her care with such diligence.
“I have a better idea,” she says, jutting out her chin in defiance of my suggestion. “They didn’t have her in surgery long due to the nature of her injuries, so I will check with the floor nurse and find out if the patient is awake and able to speak yet. If she is, I will have the nurse ask her if she is willing to see you gentlemen or not.”
“That would be wonderful,” I quickly reply before Ted says something we both regret.
She isn’t on the phone long before she literally orders us to have a seat and that she will let us know just as soon as the information is available.
As we slowly walk toward a row of hard plastic benches lined up along the far wall from her counter, I can overhear Ted mumbling something about her being an ex-marine commandant with a stick up her...
“I would probably keep the rest of that thought to myself, if I were you,” I quickly mouth, interrupting his frustrated rambling.
We haven’t barely sat down when the Charge Nurse says from across the hallway, “I don’t know why, but she has agreed to see you.”
“Thank you,” I politely respond before she tells us what room number they’ve moved her to.
“The floor nurse said she was hesitant about the second fellow there with you. Said she didn’t know him, but that she trusted you, so I’m going to let you both go up.” She hesitates for a moment, and I start toward the elevators when she adds a stern warning, “Don’t make me regret this.”
Turning back after pushing the floor button, I smile and reply in a very polite voice, “No mam.”
When we reach the correct floor, I head out with Ted following close on my heels. To my surprise, he didn’t say a single word on the ride up.
Following the arrows, we quickly find the correct room with the door wedged open. There are four beds in the room, three of them occupied, a young nurse in all white standing by the head of Jessica’s bed speaking softly to her. When we enter the room, Jessica sees me first and her face instantly lights up.
The nurse turns and acknowledges us, saying softly, “Please keep your voices down out of respect for the other patients and don’t keep her talking too long, she really needs her rest.”
“Thank you. We will and we won’t,” I say softly with a smile and a wink before she heads out the door, closing it softly behind her.
When I turn back toward Jessica, Ted is already standing where the nurse just vacated, a large smile on his face as he asks her how she’s doing.
To my surprise, and even a little irritation, she’s returning his smile and telling him how she isn’t in any pain, for the moment, almost as if it’s thanks to him being there. What the hell is going on here? Not that I’m jealous or anything, but it’s almost as if they forgot I’m still here.
Clearing my throat to break the spell between them, I step closer and offer to introduce them. “Jessica, this is Ted, we work together on occasion, sometimes, not very often,” I babble like an idiot, drawing a strange look from Ted and Jessica both. “Hospitals make me nervous,” I quickly explain, getting an even stranger look from Ted and a simple smile from Jessica. “Oh, and Ted, this is Jessica,” I quickly add.
“Yeah, I kinda figured that one out,” he chuckles, finding my reaction comical.
“We have your things down in the car if there’s something you need,” I offer.
“Thank you. If you want, you can just leave it at the nurse’s station on the main floor and I’ll collect it when they discharge me, which if I’m lucky, will be tomorrow.”
“Where will you go,” Ted suddenly asks her out of the blue with no warning.
Her face drops and I see a moment of fear flash behind her eyes before she gathers herself back up and with a fake smile says, “I’ll probably have to find somewhere to live first, and then get me a job so I can pay this new hospital bill that I’m going to have, because I’m sure my employment insurance isn’t going to cover it, since I no longer work there.” When she sees the regret in my eyes, she quickly reaches for my hand with her good hand and says, “No, no, I don’t blame you for any of this. You did me a favor, a good deed by getting me out of there and I will always be grateful to you for that. But this isn’t your fault and you don’t have to worry about me anymore.”
“You can move into my place,” Ted suddenly blurts out, catching all of us by surprise, including himself, judging by the look on his face. And before the shock wears off, adds, “It’s just setting empty anyway. It’s far enough from Wytheville that your ex-roommate will never find you, and yeah, he told me the circumstances that brought the two of you together. Please don’t hold that against him, he was just looking out for you.”
“No, it’s not that. I don’t hold anything against Joe,” she says, looking into Ted’s eyes with a look that definitely says she likes what she sees there. “But how can you offer me a place to stay, your own place, when you don’t even know me?”
“You need a place to live and I could use someone to watch over the place for me when I’m not there. No strings attached.”
“Thank you.” She studies him for a long moment before saying, “If you’re sure, that would be great. But only until I can find my own place.”
“That’s good, I mean, that’s fine. You can take as long as you need.”
“I’m tired now,” she says, her eyes drooping.
“Get better, Jessy. We’ll talk more later on, when you’re feeling up to it. In the meantime, don’t worry about anything,” I reply, giving her hand a gentle squeeze before turning toward the door.
When I reach the door and realize that Ted isn’t behind me, I turn back to find him now holding Jessica’s hand and saying something softly in her ear, a smile on both of their faces, even though her eyes are closed. When his lips move up and he gives her a chaste peck on the top of her head, I can’t help the smug grin that takes over my face. This is a side of Ted I’d never seen before.
If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear he’s smitten with Jessica. And even though he has never questioned my instant attraction to Maria, now he must know how I felt when I first met her. You just know! Furthermore, there is no jealousy in my heart, only a profound happiness for both of them if they pursue the chemistry that is obviously between them.
Who knew?



*23*

Back in Ted’s SUV, I turn to him with tired eyes, the sun well over the horizon, and say, “I thought you had room service looking after your place.”
When he doesn’t respond, I simply ask, “Where do we go from here?”
“You’re going back to your motel room. We’ll give the Captain a call and see if he has any suggestions.” He hesitates a moment while he starts up the engine, and then continues, “He’s not going to be upset with what you did. In fact, he’ll probably be a little proud of you for it. But that doesn’t mean he’s not going to be a tad angry for throwing a wrench into his operation.”
“We both know that any of us would have done the same under the circumstances,” I protest.
Instead of replying to the understatement, we head back to the motel, it not escaping my notice that he still has Jessica’s luggage in the back and that he hadn’t taken it into the hospital and deposited it with the iron maiden like I thought he was asked to do.
In the motel, he pulls out his phone and within seconds has Captain Zott on speaker while I grab us each a bottle of cold water from the minibar. With very little input from me, he explains where we are and why we aren’t closer to Texas. To his credit, he doesn’t lay the blame at my feet, even though I do feel completely responsible.
With the pain intensifying in my ribs from a lack of taking it easy and needing rest, I begin to grow antsy, unable to find a comfortable position on the uncomfortable chair.
All my pain is suddenly forgotten though, when Ted informs the Captain that he’s going back to the hospital when our conversation is over and that he’s going to wait there until Jessica is discharged so he can escort her back to his long-term room in Narrows.
Feeling as if I’m being abandoned and put on hold, I almost shout out, “Where does that leave me?”
In a stern tone of voice, Captain Zott quickly reminds me whose fault it is that we’re now back to square one. “While Ted gets this woman somewhere safe, you’re going to be cooling your heels and getting some much needed rest. When Ted’s back in play, he’ll contact you using proper protocols and we’ll proceed forward at that point. Do you understand me, Son?”
“Yes Sir,” I meekly reply, already planning in the back of my mind to proceed without their help if necessary. Ted can simply catch up when he’s ready. My woman is in Texas and I have her address now. Just as soon as I get some shuteye, I’ll be on the road, Hell or high water be damned.
***
When Ted leaves with instructions to sit tight until he contacts me, I take a long hot shower and fall into the nearest bed, only to wake before the sun rises. Instead of taking advantage of the utilities in the room and wasting time fixing a pot of coffee, I opt to head over to the motel conference room where they offer a breakfast spread, my new thermos in hand.
After fixing a takeout container full of bacon, buttered biscuits, and half a dozen jelly-filled pastries while ignoring the scrutinizing gaze from the employ overseeing everything, I climb in my truck and head for the onramp to I40 towards Knoxville.
Once settled into the drive, I open the container sitting on the console between the front seats and start chewing on strips of bacon while washing them down with large swallows of steaming hot coffee from the takeout cup. Despite the dull ache from my tender ribs, I’m feeling refreshed with a strong dose of optimism fueling my spirits.
Traffic into Knoxville slows down due to the morning rush hour, but once I’ve cleared all the entrances to downtown, it quickly picks back up. With only a few pastries left in the bag, I start looking for a rest stop/fueling center and decide to follow the signs to the Pilot Travel Center.
After a quick refresh and refuel, and no damsels in distress to save, I’m back on the road heading west. Next stop Memphis.
Traffic slows down just before I hit Nashville due to a crash and a lot of rubber-neckers. Then it flows great all the way thru midday in Nashville and I hit Memphis late afternoon, just in time for some fuel and food, my supersized thermos long empty and my bladder over filled.
Another routine pull off into another Pilot and within minutes, I’m refreshed, refueled, and my thermos is full and ready for another leg of the journey. Next stop, Little Rock for food and then on to I30 to Texas and my Maria.
I’m making good time and I haven’t noticed any single vehicle pacing me. But then, with the tracking device on my truck, they wouldn’t need to at this point. My location is probably beeping loud and clear on a laptop somewhere being studied by none other than Jayne, the deadly assassin.
While driving along with the radio on low, my mind is working overtime to come up with a plan to take down Jayne without endangering Maria, and the only thing that keeps coming up is the idea to lead her into a trap of my own making.
It only seems logical that once I stop moving, Jayne is going to assume that I’ve reached my destination, which is Maria. It also seems logical that she isn’t going to go in blindly like she did back in Narrows, Virginia. That was pretty much our one and only chance to catch her off guard, and we failed. Now she’s going to assume anywhere I go is a trap first and foremost, and only after she’s convinced it’s not a trap will she believe it’s where her target is hiding.
With a Love’s Truck Stop in sight, I take note of a Chik-fil-A along the way and decide it sounds like a good place to grab some food and refill the thermos after refueling.
I get the food to go and find a quiet place away from the hustle and bustle of the parking lot to sit and wind down while I eat and refine my plan. If I’m going to make my plan work, I need to consider someplace where there will be minimal outside distractions and very few, if any, civilians around.
A deserted warehouse complex would be ideal. My military training would give me an advantage. In a game of cat and mouse, I have full confidence that I would come out the victor.
The other option is even more to my liking, but I doubt that I could get Jayne to believe that Maria is hiding in an isolated area of the wilderness. She would know right off that I was just trying to lead her into a trap.
No, this has to be believable, and that means finding someplace that would make a great hideout for someone on the run, and still not subject any civilians to harm.
While I could place a call to Captain Zott and let him tell me to stand down until Ted or another operative is available for backup, he would be able to come up with a place that would work. So if he can do it, so can I. But I need to retrieve my laptop from the safe under the rear seats and do some research first.
***
After searching for warehouse space, and then real estate investments, I come up with a plausible area in the suburbs of Fort Worth. It seems there is a large tract of land currently being considered for development by the county that was once a large warehouse complex and is now mostly rundown buildings and overgrown with weeds.
It’s ideal, I can feel it in my gut.
Satisfied with my choice, I enter the address into my GPS and set off down the road.



*24*

Traffic is light and I make good time to the Dallas/Fort Worth area. Finding another Love’s, I refuel the truck and refill my thermos. Because of the tracking bug on my truck, I can’t use it to scout the area for fear that Jayne and her accomplices will find my actions strange and grow suspicious really fast.
While waiting on my receipt for the fuel and another thermos of coffee, I ask the young man behind the counter if there’s somewhere close that I can rent a car.
“Do you need it brought here?” he asks, before adding, “Because we have a local company that rents to truckers out of here all the time and they can drop it off and pick it up right here so you can park your rig out in the far lots and they’ll come to you.”
“Yeah, that sounds good.”
“Here’s their card and here’s your receipt. Have a good day, Sir.”
“Thank you,” I reply, heading out the door and checking to see which direction the far lots are located.
When I drive around to what the attendant referred to as their far lots, I see a small grouping of pickups and RVs already parked off to the side of the big rigs. After parking so that my truck won’t be in anyone’s way or possibly get blocked in, I get into the safe and pull out all the gear that I might need for what lies ahead.
Since this is mostly a recon operation, I opt for just my two handguns and an assortment of knives and the NVGs. Once satisfied with my selections, I climb back in the driver’s seat and call the car rental number on the card. I give them my credit card number and location and within minutes a couple of vehicles stop in the general vicinity of my truck. The driver that gets out of the Jeep Patriot that I rented has a questioning expression on his face when he hands me the keys, clearly wondering why I would need to rent a car when I already have a truck I could drive.
Before he can voice the question, I simply state with a nod toward the truck, “It belongs to a friend. I’m just dropping it off here for him so he has it when he gets back to town.”
“None of my business,” he replies, turning and heading to the vehicle that followed him in.
“Nope, it really isn’t,” I mouth under my breath as I grab my pack from the front seat of the truck and lock it up before throwing the pack onto the passenger seat of the Patriot and climbing in.
I chose the Patriot because it was the only vehicle they had available with GPS. After putting the coordinates for the warehouse area into it, I set off with turn by turn directions, making a mental note of them for later reference.
When I reach the area, I immediately go into stealth mode, studying all the dark shadows and making mental notes of which buildings seem occupied and which ones appear deserted. I need one that is large enough to hide in and not in such disrepair that it wouldn’t be feasible for Maria to be living in it. If I’m going to draw Jayne and her accomplices into my trap, they have to believe I’ve found Maria.
After doing a thorough grid search through the area that takes me more than two hours, I have a fair idea of which buildings to avoid, and which ones to choose from for my plan. It’s now approaching midnight and if I want to use the cover of darkness, I need to pick a building and recon the interior so I can return the Patriot and use my truck to lead them to it.
It only takes me a minute to decide on the two story building that covers almost a full square block with loading docks front and rear as well as windows on the second floor and office doors on the off-street side with access to a customer parking lot. The building is mostly dark with just a few lights visible here and there that are obviously for security purposes.
Having power to it is both a blessing and a curse, because it means there’s the possibility of an alarm system. I’ll have to be careful and on the lookout for one.
Parking in the customer lot which is open to the side street and dimly lit with sodium lighting, I step out of the Patriot and glance around for security guards on foot. I hadn’t seen any to this point, but I can’t take any chances. It would be an unwelcome surprise to be approached by one.
There is no traffic in the area and I haven’t noticed any security vehicles or police patrols since I arrived. If there’s security, it must be limited to the occupied buildings.
Approaching the main office door, I hurriedly do a scan of the windows to either side of it, not noticing any visible wires embedded in the glass or along the frames. Using my pick kit, I set to work on the door lock and then the dead bolt. Because they’re old technology, within a minute, I have them undone, but I haven’t pushed the door open yet. First, I put my pick kit away and then place an ear against the metal door so that if anything clicks when I gently push it inward, such as a switch, I’ll hear it. After all, even silent alarms need switches.
Just as I put my ear against the cool metal of the door, my phone vibrates softly in my pocket, alerting me to a text message. Since only two people have this number, I’m sure of who it is.
And since I know the caller is more than likely upset with me for not staying put and there won’t be anything I can say to assuage his anger, I choose to ignore it and gently ease the door open.
***
Not hearing anything except for the protesting hinges from lack of use, I slip inside and push the door closed behind me. Looking around, I see a grey metal counter and a couple of plastic covered bar type stools, everything covered in a heavy layer of dust.
There’s a dim light coming through an open door leading into a back area where the bulk of the offices are located, usually for managers and salesmen. Moving down the short hall, I notice the light is coming from one of the small offices. As I draw nearer to it, I take a quick glance around the door jamb to see what appears to be a basically empty office with a desk, a chair behind it, and a filing cabinet next to the chair, the drawers hanging open. The light is a knockoff of one of those green shaded banker’s lamps with a heavy steel base coated in rust setting on the otherwise bare desktop.
Moving to the door at the end of the short hallway, I push it open to discover a large warehouse outfitted with metal shelving running clear up to the twenty-four foot tall ceiling. The shelving runs from one end of the huge building to the other with breaks every fifty feet or so that are wide enough for a forklift to maneuver between. The building must be at least three hundred feet wide by that and more long.
Studying the shelves, I notice they are a good twelve feet or so in width and start about six feet above the floor with two more units above the first, coming to within six feet of the ceiling. The entire layout is like one huge jungle gym with heavy planking on the shelves.
While it won’t be the easiest thing to do, I should be able to climb from one set of shelves up to the next. Once on a set, I can flat out run for fifty feet before coming to the aisle breaks, which will require climbing down to the floor in order to access another unit of shelving.
But will Jayne even enter the storage area of the warehouse? Or will she suspect a trap the minute she enters the building when she sees the undisturbed dust and lack of repairs and retreat back out before I can engage her?
I won’t know that answer until the time comes.
Wanting to hurry back and retrieve my truck before they get too suspicious and investigate as to the why of its not moving, I jog down the relatively clear aisle to the rear of the building and the huge bay doors where all the loading and unloading would have taken place when this building was in use. There’s an overhead crane with limited mobility, mainly confined to just the open area by the doors. There are also a few more offices with windows looking out on the dock area, probably for the managers in charge of designating loads and where to place the incoming freight.
There are a few overhead lights still working throughout the building, but they’re more like security lighting, very dim, low wattage bulbs. One of the offices has a light on in it, brighter than the others, and I quickly make my way over to it.
Looking through the front window, I notice that it’s actually a break room with two doors in the rear wall, one marked for men and the other for women. There’s a counter with an old microwave and a drip coffee pot, both looking to be in sad repair. In addition, there are four large tables lined with at least eight metal folding chairs each, some dirty ash trays, as well as discarded wrappers from sandwiches and candy. There’s a bare wall with cobwebs and faded outlines that used to be lined with vending machines, all of them long gone.
There’s no need to go any further, since there isn’t anything obvious that I’ll be able to use to my advantage. My best bet will be to get up on the top tier of the shelving farthest from the office door and hope for a clear shot before they know what hit them.
Before leaving, I momentarily consider extinguishing all the lights to give me an advantage with the NVGs, but just as quickly discard the idea as I want it to appear that someone might be living within the building and the lights being on gives that impression.



*25*

Back at my truck, I make a quick call to let the rental agency know that I won’t need the Patriot any longer and that they can pick it up. Then I head back to the warehouse, parking as close to the office entrance as possible, wanting it to appear that I was in such a hurry to get to the love of my life that I recklessly entered with no thoughts of being followed.
Before entering, I retrieve my AR and an extra 30 round clip and sling it over my shoulder so it’s out of the way for climbing up the shelves. I still have the NVGs strapped on my utility harness, so I opt to keep them with just in case, though I don’t believe lighting will be an issue. I’m also still wearing the bullet proof armor that recently stopped a bullet, saving my life.
Satisfied I have everything I’ll need for tactical gear, I throw some energy bars in a pouch along with my big thermos, just in case I have a long wait.
Taking one long, last look, I lock up the portable safe along with my truck and head inside through the office door, making sure I only lock the simple lock in the door handle, though I’m sure Jayne and her accomplices wouldn’t have any more difficulty getting past both locks than I did.
When I reach the huge warehouse proper, I head as far to the right as possible and then climb to the top tier of shelving. By leaning slightly over the side, I have a clear view of anyone entering the warehouse through the same entrance I used. It dawns on me then that there are many other ways to enter this building and I can’t possibly cover them all.
What was I thinking?
I was thinking only about getting to Maria as fast as I possibly could without bringing the danger with me. It’s imperative that I succeed here.
While I’m thinking these thoughts and beginning to question my sanity for leaving my friend behind and going rogue when there is so much on the line, my phone vibrates again. While I’ve been ignoring it so far out of fear of trying to explain my actions, I’m also wanting to answer it, to reaffirm that I have friends that would have my back if I had just played by their rules.
But I don’t. There is nothing I can say to make him understand why I’m doing what I’m doing. And while I understand the disappointment that Ted and Captain Zott must be feeling toward me for bringing me in as one of their own and I repay them by going rogue, I can’t shake the feeling that I’m doing the right thing. If Maria doesn’t feel toward me the way I feel toward her, at least I have kept her safe, and will continue to do so if allowed, as unlikely as that will be now.
After taking a swallow of lukewarm coffee straight from the thermos, I set it to the side and situate myself in a prone position with the AR extended out in front of me, checking the distance and view to the office door. I’m guessing that I’m in the hundred and fifty foot range, an easy shot under almost any conditions.
Next, I pull out my handgun and set it just to the right of my head where I can reach it with minimal motion. At this short range, it’s also a viable weapon.
With nothing more to do until someone arrives, hopefully Jayne, I slip an energy bar from my vest and slowly chew on it, my thoughts turning to Maria and what she looked like the last time I saw her, almost six years ago. Even dirty and beaten up by living in the jungle while fighting a war, she was the most beautiful creature that I’d ever laid eyes on. Cleaned up, her beauty must be breathtaking.
Will she even remember me?
That thought has just entered my mind when I hear a scraping sound coming from my right, near the large doors in the front of the building, not on the side with the offices. It sounds like clothing rubbing along dirty concrete.
Immediately, I realize that they’re not coming in through the offices, but have found another way to breach the building. From my side of the shelf, I can’t see down to the floor on my right without moving closer to the far edge.
Leaving the rifle behind, I pick up the handgun and slowly start rolling over the thick heavy planks toward the other edge of the shelving when the lights suddenly go out. It’s close to three-thirty in the morning and there’s barely a shred of light entering the building through the dirty upper level windows.
Pulling out the NVGs, I slip the strap over my head and put them in position to see. The world takes on a green sheen and I can still hardly make anything out. The NVGs need some light to function, and there just isn’t enough available in the warehouse for them to work properly. I would be better off with heat sensing infra-red, or Flir, but that’s not an option tonight. Still, the NVGs are better than nothing.
With the NVGs in place, I slowly roll to the edge of the shelving and look over the edge. There is movement a couple of shelf units away, but nothing distinct enough to tell me if they’re friend or foe.
I’m straining hard to keep the moving objects in my field of vision when I hear a shuffle back in the direction of the offices, like someone slipping on the concrete and quickly catching themselves.
So with the movement on my right and the latest sound from my left and forward, there are at least three bogies in the warehouse. This is definitely not going as planned. I only expected two at most.
***
Just when I’m adjusting to the realization that Jayne has brought in extra hired help, there’s a loud crash from the far end of the building, down by the loading dock area. Almost simultaneously, there’s another loud crash from across the building combined with the roar of a loud engine.
Floodlights strike me and I’m forced to roll back away from them while yanking off the NVGs before I’m blinded by the intense lights. In the back of my mind, I’m wondering how it’s even possible for Jayne to have access to this number of people on such short notice, when the advancing men on the floor begin yelling loudly, “Police, throw down your weapons and come out with your hands above your head.”
The only thing I can think is, “What the hell is going on?”
“Don’t shoot,” I yell back, having to believe at this point that they are indeed SWAT. “I’m coming out. Don’t shoot.”
Before I can even remove my concealed weapon and add it to the collection on the wooden plank before me, two men in full SWAT gear have climbed up the sides and have their MP-5 fully automatic weapons with laser sights centered on my upper body mass.
Still on my knees, I place my hands on the back of my head and wait for more of their team members to scale the shelving and lift me to my feet while searching my body for more weapons. Their faces are covered in black balaclavas so it’s impossible to make out features, but I can see the seriousness of the situation in their eyes.
“You guys really are the real deal, aren’t you?” I say to the nearest, as he instructs me to climb down.
From somewhere near the offices, I hear a muffled shout of ‘All clear’, quickly followed by more shouting of the same as they go from one office to the next.
Just as my feet hit the concrete floor, a man in regular police uniform comes striding up with the look of authority and captain’s bars on his lapels. He looks all business and not happy to be out here so early in the morning. The SWAT commander informs him that the rest of the warehouse is clear just as another patrol officer arrives. The flood lights have lit the place up and the lights from the armored assault vehicles that breached the large doors at the loading dock and across from my sniper nest are adding a surreal element to the place with their red and blue hues.
“Stand down,” the captain orders the SWAT leader. “It doesn’t look like we’re going to need your services tonight, after all.”
“Yes Sir,” he replies before giving a hand signal to his squad leaders and they retreat with the lights and the vehicles.
It didn’t escape my notice that my weapons were carried toward the offices shortly before my feet hit the ground.
No one bothered to cuff me, so I’m probably not under arrest, even though they could get me for breaking and entering, if they wanted to push the issue.
Without a word, the Captain starts walking toward the offices. When I hesitate, the patrol officer says from behind me, “I suggest we follow him.”



*26*

Before we reach the front office, the lights in the building suddenly come on, lighting it up inside like daylight. As I step into the front office with the officer close behind me, the first thing I notice is my weapons laid out on the desk.
“Who called you guys?” I ask, more confused than ever. Did I trigger a silent alarm? Did someone call in a breaking and entering and seeing a guy armed with a rifle and in full tactical gear enter the building? Or was it Jayne? Did she realize I was trying to trap her and she decided to teach me a lesson? But to what end?
“Joseph Bloodstone,” the officer with the captain’s bars replies, ignoring my question. “We’ll get to that. But first, you want to tell me what’s going on? The first caller said there would be an armed man here and he was going to kill someone if we didn’t get here quick. Would you like to explain? Especially about the part of who you are here to kill, because you’re the only armed man I’m seeing here.”
“And yet, you’ve not arrested me.”
“Yeah, about that. Right after dispatch got the call informing us about you, by name I might add,” he hesitates before continuing, “I guess they really wanted to make sure you didn’t get away. But anyway, right after dispatch received that call, they got another from a high ranking government official who quickly informed us that you were working for them and might need some backup.”
“I can only imagine how that call went,” I softly remarked, knowing it had to be Captain Zott or someone even higher up the food chain.
“Oh son, you have no idea.” To say he looked displeased, would be an understatement. “Irregardless, I was told to make sure you didn’t get killed. You didn’t. And since we’ve cleared the grounds and you don’t appear to be in any danger, my job here is done.”
Though I don’t know why I did, I had a sudden urge to thank him. “Thank you.”
As he pushed his way out the door, heading toward a police cruiser parked next to my truck, he said two things. The first of which really didn’t matter, but the second was about to change everything. The first being, “Don’t mention it.” The second being, “Oh, by the way, someone broke into your truck while it was parked out here. I hope you didn’t have any more guns in it.”
“No, Sir...”
I never finished the sentence because I knew immediately what had just happened as my brain finally computed the mess I was standing in. The weapons on the desk momentarily forgotten as I ran to my truck to find the driver’s door standing open, the glass from the side window covering the seat and all the dash lights lit up, but the engine not running.
The person who broke into my truck wasn’t trying to steal it, they only wanted to get into the GPS. Being the complete idiot that I am, I had programmed Maria’s current address into it before leaving Narrows, Virginia, which could only mean one thing, they now knew where Maria was being kept safe.
“They take anything?” the young patrol officer asked, looking over my shoulder.
“I think they just took my whole life,” I replied in a daze, my legs barely able to support me.
***
The captain and his driver left while I collected my weapons from inside the office, barely cognizant enough to know not to reveal the safe in the rear foot-well compartment, and simply laying everything on the back seat. I did put the handguns back in their respective holsters before pulling out my cellphone and giving Ted a call.
My voice dripping with the defeat I was feeling, as well as the guilt for being responsible for Jayne getting Maria’s location, I start the minute Ted answers, “You have to move her now.”
“Joe, you have some explaining to do,” he replies, not acknowledging my statement. “You were told to sit tight and you took off on your own agenda. The Captain is beside himself.”
“I’m sorry, Ted, but you need to get her moved. Jayne knows where she is and she’s headed there now. Did you hear me? She’s headed there now!” I repeat, my voice rising.
“Joe, get ahold of yourself. This isn’t you.”
“I fucked up big time, Ted. I know that. But you need to get her moved now. Just do that, and then you can do anything you want with me, I deserve it. But Maria doesn’t deserve what’s heading her way.”
“Don’t worry, Joe, they’re safe. It’s already been taken care of.”
“Thank God,” I breathe in relief. “I’m going after them, Ted. It’s less than two hours from here and if I leave now, I won’t be far behind them.”
“Stand down, Joe! We’ve already got a team headed in that direction. Let them handle it. Do you hear me?”
“Ted, I know you won’t ever let me know where she is again, and I respect that. But this is my mess and I’m going to clean it up.”
Before he can reply, I cut the connection and throw the phone up on the roof of the warehouse. I’m going to get Jayne, or whatever her name is, no matter what it takes. That’s a promise to myself that I won’t be breaking.



*27*

The drive is a blur with wind blasting in through the busted side window as I fly down State 377, passing everything on the road, even using the shoulder when necessary to get around slower moving traffic. In the back of my mind, I know Jayne and her accomplice are probably doing the same, which spurs me to go even faster and more recklessly.
When I reach the outskirts of Comanche, I jump onto East Grand. To my left up on the highway, there is a procession of police cruisers with their lights going moving at a high rate of speed in the direction from which I’d just come. Not far behind them is a pair of ambulances, also with lights going and moving at the same high rate of speed. In the back of my mind, I pray that I wasn’t the cause of a severe traffic pile up due to my reckless driving.
My thoughts are instantly brought back to the present when the voice from the GPS informs me that my next turn is coming up four blocks ahead.
I pull onto a flat street lined with single dwelling, one story homes to either side. A very typical residential neighborhood made up of regular working class folks, most of whom are just now getting up for work or having breakfast. There are a few cars parked on the street, but most are up in driveways.
I’m taking this all in when I see a group of people three blocks ahead on the left. It looks like a woman holding a child by the hand surrounded by at least three men in dark suits hurrying toward a dark SUV in the driveway while another is parked in the street with a fourth man standing between it and the one in the driveway.
Everything suddenly slows down as the woman turns her head in my direction. Though it should be impossible, it’s almost as if we are back in the jungle as our eyes meet for the first time again and everything comes to a standstill in time. Her mouth, the beautiful full lips I’ve been craving for almost six years, create an ‘O’, and then the child bumps into her leg and the moment is gone and everything speeds back up.
When she continues to hesitate, one of the men steps up to her, unintentionally placing himself between her and me as a bullet strikes his right shoulder, the impact of the slug driving him forward in a twist around the front of her.
Maria reacts instantly, grabbing the young child and pulling her down to the ground while covering her with her own body before the men even have a chance to react.
Only then do I see the white van parked on the right side of the road facing in the wrong direction. If it had been on the left side of the street facing me, it wouldn’t even have registered. But it isn’t. And I can see clear through it from windshield to street beyond because the rear door is standing open.
The driver sees me at the same time realization hits me, and I immediately recognize the face looking back at me as the young man that assisted with Jessica when she’d been shot.
Reacting instinctively, the distance between us less than fifty feet, I stamp on the accelerator at the same time he pulls up an automatic handgun and begins shooting right through the front windshield of the van. The bullets strike my windshield, shattering it and sending glass flying into the cab. Squinting to protect my eyes from the flying debris, it dawns somewhere in my subconscious that I should duck, but I don’t, as I hold steady and brace for impact, aiming the driver’s side of my truck for the driver’s side of the van and bringing us face to face in the moment before impact.
The force of the impact striking the van at an angle causes it to spin wildly into the street, flipping onto the driver’s side as my own truck continues on, bouncing over the curb, the airbag striking me in the face, and coming to rest up against a sedan in someone’s driveway.
Momentarily dazed, the pain from the seatbelt against my ribs making it almost impossible to draw in air, I force myself to try and push open the door, quickly realizing that it’s taking too much force and the effort is making me see dark spots. Abandoning it, I instead climb over the console to the passenger’s side and kick that door open instead.
When I hit the ground, I stumble to my knees at the same time a bullet shatters what’s left of the glass in the side window.
It instantly registers that someone’s shooting at me and my body goes into automatic combat mode from years of training. 
Still two blocks from Maria, and with the sedan between me and them, the shots can only be coming from the street, which leaves the van.
Maria. With a child. She must have married.
Despite everything that’s going on and someone still in the van shooting at me, my heart plummets at the thought that Maria has moved on. And while the thought hurts deeply, I know also that I will simply have to respect it.
But in the meantime, I will still do whatever I can to protect her and her child, even if it kills me.
***
Moving slowly, my breathing ragged and painful, I work my way around the sedan, thinking whoever is still capable of shooting from the van will expect me to simply work my way around the back of my truck.
As I clear the front of the sedan and the van comes into sight, I can see the driver still in the front, his head resting against the ground where the side window used to be while his seatbelt is suspending the bulk of his body. He’s not moving and there are no bullets flying toward me, though his arm is lying outside the front windshield, a handgun lying next to his open palm and splayed fingers.
When I look down toward where Maria and the security detail had been, I notice that the SUVs are still parked where they were originally, but there’s no one in sight. If they had continued on to the vehicles, they would have hightailed it out of there. So that can only mean they retreated back into the house.
With 9mm in hand, I slowly step into the open, training all my senses on the van, ready to fire at anything that moves. Approaching with the roof of the van facing me, I cautiously slip up against it, using the stability of the vehicle to keep myself upright.
Listening for any sign of movement from inside and not hearing any, I glance down and around the front until I can see the driver. Leading with the gun, I lower myself down and place a finger on the exposed side of his neck, feeling for a pulse. There isn’t one.
Rising back up, I look down the street in time to see a woman dressed in black tights carrying what might be a handgun in her right hand, darting around the corner of a house just three houses from the one where Maria and her child are holding up.
Though I didn’t know Jayne all that well, we did spend an intimate night together, and as dirty and guilty as that makes me feel, I still recognize the curvy shape of that ass before it disappears from sight.



*28*

Knowing I have no time to lose, I make an assumption that the van or anyone that might be in it is no longer a threat, and stagger hurriedly after Jayne.
Ted said Maria was safe. That they had already moved her to somewhere safe and that there was a team coming to deal with the assassin. He was wrong. But was it intentional, or was he just relaying the information given to him?
If it was intentional, it could only be that he wanted me to stand down for my own good. He would never have purposely betrayed my trust. But more than likely, he was only sharing the information provided to him. It wouldn’t be the first time we’d received faulty information during an operation.
Reaching the corner of the house that Jayne went around, I slow down and press myself up against the siding, trying to get control of my breathing, my heart hammering in my ears from the exertion. A man steps out onto the front stoop behind me, startling both of us, his eyes big as saucers when he takes in the van lying on its side in the street.
My voice rasping, I yell at him to get inside and stay there. Instead of doing what I asked, he steps out further, demanding to know what I’m doing on his property.
Turning slightly so he can see that I’m armed, he quickly retreats back inside without another word, slamming the door shut behind him.
Glancing around the corner of the house and not seeing any sign of Jayne, I automatically crouch down and advance, only to draw up suddenly from the flare of pain in my ribs from crouching over. Not liking it, I stand upright so I can breathe, and hurriedly hobble to the back of the next house, pausing only momentarily before glancing around the corner.
Again, there is no sign of Jayne, and I continue into the back yard, along a wooden deck attached to the rear of the house, when a bullet splinters the wood railing next to my head.
There was no report to give away her location, so I can only assume her weapon is silenced. Which also means the people in the house protecting Maria and her child won’t have been warned by the sound of the shot.
And where the hell are the cops?
That’s when it dawns on me, and I remember the procession of law enforcement heading out of town. Jayne’s accomplice must have dialed 911. Of course, he won’t be pulling that stunt ever again. And when the police get to their destination, they’re going to discover it was just a ruse to draw them away from the real crime.
But right now, my only concern is getting Jayne before she can carry out her mission.
With just that one thought in the forefront of my mind, I force myself into an upright position, knowing full well that I’m giving Jayne an easy target while hoping to get my own shot in, or she’s already moved on toward her real assignment, Maria.
When no bullets come flying in my direction, I stumble along the deck until I reach the last house before the safe house. There is a low hedge separating the two lawns and I struggle to push through the stiff branches, even though they only reach to my waist.
Looking first toward the front of the house and not seeing anything in the side yard as well as no hiding places that she might have taken cover in, I quickly determine that she continued on without wasting anymore time or ammunition on me, her true target now close at hand.
This yard has a small plastic wading pool in desperate need of cleaning and a few toys appropriate for a child of the age of Maria’s, if she’s four or five years old, scattered about as if suddenly left behind in a hurry. Among the toys is a doll house, a child sized table and chairs with a tea set arranged for two, and a doll lying on the ground next to one of the chairs as if left behind by accident, though why that thought should enter my mind, I have no idea. But just as that thought enters my mind, there’s a flash of movement at the back door of the next house, the safe house.
Jayne!
***
Before I can bring my weapon to bear on the quickly moving figure, there’s two muffled pops and she’s inside.
With a cold sweat beading on my forehead, I force my aching body to move, the pain shoved to the back of my mind. I have to get to Maria.
When I reach the door, I don’t even slow down. Like a bull, I charge through the opening, slamming the door hard against the inside wall as I blow past, my eyes searching frantically for Jayne.
I find myself in a short hallway with a single door to each side, both hanging open. I’m moving past them with barely a glance inside when there’s a loud boom from the front room followed immediately by the sound of the silenced handgun, a quick succession of three muffled pops, and then I’ve reached the end of the hall and am charging into the open area that is a combination kitchen and living room with a pass-through counter and cabinets separating them, the front door straight ahead.
There’s a man in a suit with a shotgun lying beside him and a growing puddle of blood from beneath him. It didn’t matter if he were wearing armor or not, the one to the head ended it for him.
The front door is standing open and I continue on through it, expecting to find Jayne lying in wait and ready to put one in my head for all the trouble I’ve caused her.
There’s no sign of Jayne, but the SUVs are still parked where they were earlier, so where did everyone go?
My weapon is still held out in front of me, searching from side to side for a target, when the silencer on her weapon slowly pokes its ugly snout out from behind the far headlight of the nearer SUVs, the one parked in the driveway.
Throwing myself to the right and away from her angle of view, I vaguely hear several thuds as bullets strike the wood siding behind me. Even before I hit the grass rolling, I’m taking aim beneath the vehicle and putting two nine millimeter slugs through the front tire.
The velocity of the lead slugs is drastically reduced by the heavy rubber and steel plies of the tire, but there’s still enough force left to embed them in Jayne’s flesh. Even if they’re not deep enough to cause fatal harm, the shock and surprise causes her to roll away, right into my direct line of fire, and I do just that, squeezing the trigger until there’s no more noise or recoil.
Ejecting the spent clip, I’m struggling to reach for another when someone’s foot comes down on my wrist, not hard enough to injure me, but firm enough to restrict the movement. Slowly, I force myself to look up and see the business end of a large caliber handgun staring back at me.
“We’ll take it from here,” he says, right before everything fades to black.



Epilogue

The little girl’s big brown eyes with just the slightest hint of Latino descent, peek shyly around the corner of the bed, her light brown hair with just a tint of reddish hue like my own, hangs straight down either side of her beautifully sweet face. She gives me a furtive smile and with a trail of giggles chasing after her, runs back to her mother, the most beautiful woman I’ve laid eyes on in a long time. The long dark hair, the large brown eyes, the slight touch of ebony skin…
“Maria?” Her name is out before I even realize I’ve said it out loud.
She rises from the hard plastic chair where she was sitting beside my bed and moves closer. When I reach out for her, her hand closes on mine. “I’ve been looking for you,” I say, my voice breaking, whether from emotion or just dry, I’m not sure.
A large tear forms in the corner of her eye as she says, “I know. And I’m so sorry.”
Assuming that she’s referring to her meeting someone else and starting a family with them, I force myself to take the high road, and reply, “It’s okay. You found someone else. I understand. They gave you a family. Are you happy? Is he a good man? Is he here with you?” Though the words have left my lips, it doesn’t begin to assuage the pain they cause my heart.
She pulls back and straightens, but it doesn’t escape my notice that she doesn’t release her hold on my hand.
“What do you mean? I don’t understand,” she says, confusion pulling her brow down. “I didn’t find someone else. No one has given me family.”
Hope springs to light in my chest, even through the confusion of not understanding her words, I feel a sudden lightness in my heart. Is it possible she was already a mother when I first met her in the jungle? It’s not like we really had a lot of time to get to know each other, but I think it might have come up if she were married.
“I don’t understand,” I say, looking past her at the pretty little girl looking back up at me with wonder in her gaze.
Understanding lights up Maria’s face, and then is quickly over shadowed with worry, as her lips press firmly together while she considers her next words. “If anyone gave me family, it was you, Joe,” she hesitantly replies, a look of fear clouding her features.
Looking at the little girl again, I suddenly see pieces of myself mixed in with Maria’s beauty. “She’s mine?” I ask, the thought almost too incredible to believe.
She nods, hesitantly at first until seeing the sheer joy in my face, and then her own face breaks into a huge smile of happiness mixed with relief.
“She’s beautiful, just like her mother. What’s her name?” I ask while trying to sit up in the bed so I can see her better and almost blacking out from the exertion.
Maria grabs me then and lowers me back down as I regain my senses. Our faces are mere inches from each other, and then her lips are on mine. It’s a chaste kiss, her soft lips barely touching mine before she lowers herself down until our mouths are pressing together, years of pent up passion instantly rising to the surface. Her mouth opens, her tongue hungrily searching out mine, picking up where they left off years ago, when she suddenly pulls away, a shy expression replacing the wanton one I’d witnessed just seconds before.
A man standing just inside door loudly clears his throat before saying, “Normally, I would say ‘Get a room,’ but under the circumstances, I think you already have.”
When Maria self-consciously pulls away, I see Ted standing just inside the door. Though I’m happy to see my friend, I know he’s probably pissed off at me for not following directions. Yet, the way he’s standing there with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face, he doesn’t look pissed off at all. In fact, he looks happy.
“Glad to see you could make it,” I throw out as a tease, seeing if he’s going to bite or not.
“Glad to see you survived without me,” he throws back with a smile. Then he looks at Maria and asks, “You want me to take Chloe for a tour around the hospital? I heard they have a pond across the street where you can feed the ducks,” he adds, smiling softly at the little girl.
“Chloe, you want to go feed the ducks with Uncle Ted?”
“Yes,” she replies excitedly, almost jumping up and down.
Ted steps into the room further and extends his hand down to the little girl, Chloe.
“Can you give us about an hour?” Maria asks of him when Chloe eagerly takes his hand like someone she knows.
“You hear that, Chloe? It looks like we’re going to have ice cream too,” he says, causing Chloe to skip along beside him as they leave the room, Ted throwing me a wink as he closes the door behind them.
“She’s spent a lot of time with Ted,” I say, not looking at her.
Understanding my words is quick, and she replies softly, “He was under orders, Joe. If not to protect me, to protect Chloe. He told me often how he felt as if he were betraying you every day that he couldn’t give you the information you were seeking. Please don’t hold it against him.”
“Then you knew all this time that I hadn’t given up on you?”
“I never gave up on you either, Joe. But I worried every day that we were apart might be the day you finally decided to move on. And I wouldn’t have blamed you if you had,” she states, her eyes watering up.
“What happened back at the safe house? When I entered, you weren’t there, yet I saw you outside just before the shooting started,” I ask, needing a momentary change of subject.
“We were actually in the house next door, the one you ran past.”
“Is the woman that was after you...?”
“Dead, yes. You killed her.”
“And then I ended up here.”
“Yes. They said they weren’t sure if the collision exaggerated the injuries you suffered when you were shot earlier, or if they were new from hitting the van.” She hesitates for a long moment before continuing. “If you hadn’t shown up when you did, I would be dead now, and Chloe wouldn’t have a mother.” She takes a deep breath to steady herself and wipes at her wet eyes, before adding, “That was foolish, you could have been killed.”
“If it meant you living, I would have gladly laid down my life. But that is past, and we are both here. And we have a daughter, by God. I’m a father, Maria. Thanks to you, I’m a father. Now if you’ll just let me into your life on a permanent basis, you’ll make me the happiest man there ever was. Are you ready to do that, Maria? Are you ready to make me the happiest man there ever was?”
Lunging onto the bed and throwing her arms around me, I almost pass out from the pain, but I don’t want her to pull away from me, not ever, no matter how much the pain.
“Oh yes, Joe. Oh yes,” she cries, tears of joy streaming down her face.

The End



A Note From the Author

This story has taken me a long time to put together because of all the other activities going on in my life at this time. With that said, I can’t help feeling it’s definitely one of my best, if not my best literary work so far. I’m really proud of it and I sincerely hope it’s enjoyed by you, my readers. But if you didn’t enjoy it, I apologize for taking your time away from things that you might have found more pleasurable. Yeah, right.... 
You might also be feeling at this time that there could be or should be more to this story. You’re absolutely right. I just couldn’t decide if I wanted to get into the ‘Happy Ever After’ phase of their lives, or leave it open for a spin off that follows Ted and Jessica while also touching on Joe and Maria’s life in the ether. Yes, I said ‘ether’. Because we all know that if there’s a cartel trying to kill you before you can testify, you’re either living in the ‘ether’, or you’re dead.
Anyway, you take care, and thank you for reading,
Will
