Love’s Vengeance
By
Dana Roquet



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by Dana Roquet
Revised 2013
Edited by Todd Barselow
Cover by Judy Bullard

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Love’s Vengeance

When the deepest chasm is bridged,
Beware the black abyss in the crossing,
For lest you tread lightly the horrid beast awakes
To devour
To consume.
For you have calmed the raging storm
In one’s soul
And with your urging, led him to this peril

Trust turns to deceit,
Need to denial
And above the din of your own soul’s tempest,
His torment goes unheard.
With force and fury, the cut is deep
Piercing to the heart
And his ragged cry awakens the wrathful beast!
With gleeful chortle and smacking chops,
It rises from the boiling blackness
And now Love’s Vengeance is at hand




Chapter One


Rouen, France
May 3, 1688

“Desiree! Stop that fidgeting and stand still!”
Desiree Chandelle snapped to attention with exaggerated obedience. She glared into the looking glass, challenging her nurse’s scowling reflection.
“And stop that frowning! You'll age before your time!”
“Ohhh…” Desiree growled, as she searched her vocabulary for a suitable retort. She clenched her fists in tight balls at her sides and sputtered, “Ohhh…Pooh!”
“Pooh indeed!" Her nurse nodded curtly. “Eighteen years old and I swear you have the patience of a sparrow. Always flitting about, first here, then there,” she said in a sing-song voice, while gesturing with a waving hand. “One month!” she announced, slicing the air with an index finger. “One month you've been home from Paris and the well-mannered young woman you appeared to have become…poof! Gone, over night!”
“What are you referring to, dear Bridgett? Enlighten me,” Desiree demanded.
She crossed her arms over her chest and lifted a curious brow at her nurse's reflection.
“Cast your eyes there,” Bridgett snapped, pointing sharply to a dusty-rose colored riding habit which lay draped over an open armoire door. The delicate hue was splattered and smeared with dry mud. Water spots streaked the last few yards of fabric untouched by the muck. A tear stretched along the hem, leaving a good arms length of muslin dangling limply to the polished oak floor.
“You left yesterday for a pleasant ride with Antoine Fabre' and returned in a wild fiasco! Soaking wet! Dirty! Your lovely gown ruined, totally ruined!” With an exaggerated shake of her head, Bridgett closed her eyes as if to block the memory.
Desiree wrinkled her nose at the garment, shrugging her shoulders, indifferent to the fact. Then her eyes flashed with fire as she recalled what had set the chain of events into motion.
“Not I, but Antoine turned our outing to a shambles, Bridgett!” she gasped as her nurse rolled her eyes upward with a wry smile and a shake of her head, “Why Bridgett! You don’t believe me?”
Bridgett combed through a lock of Desiree’s silky black hair, coiling the curl about her finger while seeming to ponder the question.
“Well! You show great faith in me!” Desiree snapped. “As I told you, we were riding near the creek when I urged our horse to attempt an easy jump over the water and Antoine, fool that he is, simply…fell off!” She shrugged innocently before going on. “It was my misfortune to have consented to ride double with the cad, for he pulled me off the horse with him! He is lacking in proper disposition for a young gentleman, if you ask me.”
Dismissing the subject with that, Desiree glared out the bedroom window through the lavender sheers covering the window, and to the large walnut tree beyond. Concentrating on the swaying boughs, she tried to ignore the amused chuckles behind her and waited until Bridgett's laughter subsided before daring a look, then bristled, finding herself the subject of a wise and knowing stare. Oh, how Bridgett enjoys watching me squirm!, she fumed silently.
“My sweet,” Bridgett laughed, hugging Desiree from behind and placing a light kiss upon her unwilling charge's cheek, “for as long as I can recall, since the time you were old enough to walk, you have been stumbling from one calamity to another. Antoine and the other boys have bore the blame gallantly, but don't you think,” she paused, smiling adoringly at Desiree's injured expression, “you would be missing from at least one of these occurrences? Am I to believe they are so clumsy? Dim-witted?” When Desiree refused to answer, she continued thoughtfully. “Strange how they seem to maneuver around water, mud holes, come in out of the rain, avoid all sorts of obstacles in their lives when they are alone. If they are truly as accident prone as you would have me believe, it is a miracle they have survived this far!”
“Very amusing, Bridgett.” Desiree drawled without malice, but held an expression of irritation carefully in place.
“It seems,” Bridgett laughed softly, “they do quite well for themselves unless you are somewhere close by, more often, in the middle of the fray!”
Bridgett leaned her face close to Desiree's cheek, shifting her stance from left foot to right, swaying Desiree side to side, while staring into the pouting visage reflected before her until Desiree's expression began to soften and then brighten. “You have a great gift, child,” she continued, speaking quietly. “Though I've never approved of the comradery you share, you have a power over men like nothing else I have witnessed in all my life. It goes beyond your beauty—to your very soul. Men adore you. Would deny you nothing you asked of them, nor would they do or say anything which might bring you unhappiness or pain.”
Desiree thought on this for a moment but her nurse's words, her meaning, eluded her. Adore her? Ha!, she thought silently, recalling the argument Antoine and she had shared before their spill yesterday. He treated her as though she were a child. As though he had no idea she had grown into womanhood. But then, she often failed to behave in a mature fashion, she admitted to herself. Her lips curved into a smile as she recalled yesterday's scene.
“You should have witnessed Antoine's expression when I unseated him,” she confessed with a giggle. “He tried with all his might to stay astride.”
“I know,” Bridgett interrupted. “He grudgingly admitted to me that you gave him a ‘none to gentle’ urging with an elbow. But little did you suspect that he would turn the tables on you.”
“That was a bit of a surprise,” Desiree bubbled and then sighed happily. “You are right Bridgett, I seem to be forever bringing them strife. I wonder why my friends still include me at all.”
“I have little doubt they shall be close by for many, many times yet to come. You share a kinship with Antoine and many others, which grows stronger with each passing year.”
Desiree smiled and looked to her image, surveying her hair. “May I go now, Bridgett? Mama and Papa shall be waiting.”
“Not quite yet. Now stay still,” Bridgett ordered, turning her attention back to her task.
“You act as if I'm attending a ball in Paris instead of a casual dinner,” Desiree observed, wincing as Bridgett tugged at her hair. “Ouch! For goodness sake, Bridgett! We are simply going to the other side of the lake, to the home of my own godparents! You needn't fret so! Neither Francois or Madeleine care a whit about my attire!” She swept her hand sharply in the direction of the lake and their home.
Bridgett turned a deaf ear, concentrating on making the final adjustments to Desiree's cascading mane. Pulled back abruptly from her face, it flowed in a mass of ebony ringlets, falling about her shoulders.
Next she moved her attention to the laces of her violet-blue satin gown, which matched exactly the color of Desiree's eyes, setting the sparkling orbs off to their full splendor. The demure décolletage was cut high and square showing, ever so slightly, the womanly shape beneath and her tiny waist was accentuated by the fullness of the wide skirt.
Desiree tapped her foot impatiently. Standing arms akimbo, she admonished her nurse, “Bridgett, don't fuss so!”
“You want to look your best my dear. Just, a moment, more,” she hissed through clenched teeth, with the effort of taking in the lacing.
Desiree continued to grumble but moved to brace herself against the back of a nearby chair and waited on the tiresome ministrations. When finally released she pointedly ignored the command from behind her as she dashed for the door.
“Walk young lady!” Bridgett ordered and then shook her head with a heavy sigh as the door slammed in an anything but proper fashion behind her charge.

***

The rustle of soft material brought the attention of Robare Chandelle to the sunlit staircase and he smiled up at his only child with fatherly pride.
“Desiree you are a vision,” he marveled.
Desiree plucked and arranged the billowing sleeves of her gown carefully. “Are you sure it isn't a bit much? Bridgett insisted on this one.”
“My sweet, how can you even ask? You are exquisite,” he assured. “Now if we can but somehow keep you clear of water you shall be the most gorgeous creature attending today.”
Desiree watched as he stroked his fleshy jaw, looking askew and furrowing his graying brows as if pondering how to accomplish this feat. Raising a hand toward him in a halting gesture, she rolled her eyes in anticipation of his next words. “Fear not, Papa. Bridgett has already seen to scolding me. No need to trouble yourself.”
Raising her nose haughtily, Desiree lifted her skirt in a dainty fashion and descended the stairs, brushing past her father. His rich laughter hastened her flight across the front hall to the closed paned-glass doors of the drawing room, where she spied her mother within. Deciding to take refuge there, Desiree swept through the doors but pausing to close them behind her, her eyes were caught in her father's and she allowed a touch of a smile to lift the corners of her mouth, leaving him grinning broadly in return.
Robare Chandelle chuckled as he drew heavily upon his pipe and watched his daughter retreat into the drawing room. The concession of a sweet smile, ending with certainty any question as to her mood. He mused that he saw, undeniably, the same regal beauty and teasing good humor in his daughter which had attracted him to her mother years ago and was still fresh and alluring upon his wife.
Desiree was fast coming of an age to marry, he thought almost sadly. In fact, several formal proposals had come from wealthy French aristocrats taken with Desiree during her year at court. He had, to date, declined all requests, although quite grudgingly. Any one of them would have been a fine addition to the family. In the end though, he had bent to Desiree's wishes, pledging that she would be allowed the freedom to marry the man of her choice. In truth, he was thankful that decision was not upon his shoulders, as he could not, for the life of him, imagine Desiree as any man's wife.
Over the course of the last year, a good supply of scrubbed and ready to court young local peacocks had also been bountiful and eager to try their luck. Some very much bent on winning her favor and one day her hand in marriage, but Desiree had turned each, one by one, from rutting stag to obedient puppy dog, cooling their lust with her irrepressible charm.
He mused, it was as though she were a fair damsel, as Mary the old housekeeper often likened her. Mary…Bah! Always filling the girl's head with English fables and fairytales, Princes—knights—sorcery—such foolishness. But they, these young suitors, did little to dispel the girl's starry-eyed notions. They acted as though her knights in shining armor willing to fight any foe, for no compensation, only satisfying their need to protect Desiree, even if from themselves. As if it unthinkable to allow any emotion but chaste and reverent regard to be bestowed upon the fair Desiree, they raised her high upon some lofty pedestal of their own creation, raised her there by their own hands and in so doing, placed her out of their very reach.
Instinctively he knew it would take an unusually virile, perhaps older man, to resist the magic of his beautiful daughter and court Desiree with ardent passion. The young men of Rouen seemed to lack the experience or the daring to attempt such.

***

Desiree’s slight smile was quickly hidden as Celeste Chandelle turned her attention to her daughter. “Ma Petite,” Celeste crooned with a frown of concern. “What is the trouble? Are you upset with someone?”
Desiree was not in the slightest upset but sighed dejectedly nonetheless. She could think of no better way to broach the subject of yesterday and thereby lead into the questions she had been pondering since then.
“Papa teased me about the spill,” she growled, “but Bridgett, that one may as well have blamed me for the misfortune of every male resident of Rouen. She makes such a fuss over the silliest things.”
Celeste approached, plucking at the sleeves of Desiree’s gown, readjusting the shoulders demurely. They seemed to have slipped, or more likely been deliberately lowered, to reveal a tad more white shoulder.
“You know they mean you no harm, sweet. In fact, I believe you enjoy all the commotion you stir. Bridgett, poor woman, was positively gray when you strolled into the house yesterday.”
Celeste’s laughter, like the tinkling of gentle bells followed Desiree as she moved away and pensively meandered about the room. Pausing, she inhaled a fragrant bouquet of mixed flowers displayed upon a treasured Louis XIII table. She removed imaginary dust from the smooth marqueterie inlaid tabletop.
“Bridgett told me that I have some power over Antoine, men in general…” she turned to face her mother and was met by a curious frown. “What did she mean by that?”
“Isn’t it obvious to you, pet?” her mother asked, spreading her hands before her with a surprised expression. 
Celeste was amazed when Desiree shook her head gently. “But it is true sweet!” she paused thoughtfully, then asked, “Do you recall last year when the Comte’ de Cheveis was in discussion with your Papa?”
Desiree remembered well Pierre de Cheveis and his visits. In fact, she still saw him often—in Paris, at balls or other social gatherings. He was dashing—handsome and young. He had come to their home several times and she had always enjoyed his company immensely. “Of course, Pierre is a dear friend.”
“Oui,” Celeste nodded, “but once upon a time I believe he had other objectives in mind concerning you. He never made a formal request to your papa and in truth Robare would not have promised him your hand, your father is set that you shall choose your own husb…”
“Mama!” Desiree burst out with a giggle. “Surely you are not being serious! Pierre? Marriage? Why he is…has never been more than a…a…dear friend!”
“Exactly, Ma Cherie!” Celeste agreed, taking Desiree by the hand and leading her to a sofa where she took a seat beside her. “That very truth is your gift. Because you win a man’s respect, his admiration, it makes it nearly impossible for him to think along those lines. Men adore you.”
“Bridgett said that very thing this morning,” Desiree said wonderingly and then tilted her head, “but I have had formal offers. Several offers! Papa has shown me each one received and you know, only too well, the arguments which erupt between he and I when I tell him to decline.”
“True, Ma Petite. Your papa wishes you to make a good match. That is my wish for you as well…that you are well and happily wed. But from whom have those proposals come? Take a moment to consider that. A well-titled nobleman, rich merchants, even a diplomat from England as I recall. Many well-established and older gentlemen, who have no idea who you are other than what they have seen of you, and that, in itself, is most assuredly enough for most men. You are a beautiful young woman, Desiree. You would make an elegant and graceful spouse for any man. One who would enrich his life beyond his wildest dreams.”
Desiree frowned, considering this. She had, to date, declined every offer, despite her father’s wrath. She could not choose a husband by merely reading over an eloquent document, nor from one meeting in Paris. She needed and was determined to fall in love first. Before accepting any proposal of marriage, she wanted to be thoroughly wooed, to hear stirring words of poetry, vows of undying passion. This set the stage for her next question and she looked into violet-blue eyes as vivid as her own.
“Mama…” she faltered and her mother arched a gentle dark brow in question.
“Yesterday, before we were at the creek, Antoine and I were in the meadow on the upper plateau, talking idly…” she paused.
“Go ahead, Ma Cherie. I'm listening.”
Desiree hesitated, unsure whether she should go on. She groaned audibly, standing and pacing about the room. “I…I…” she stammered and then touched her cheeks which were growing warm with the embarrassment she felt as she glanced to her mother. “You'll think me terribly wicked,” she warned.
“Will I?” Celeste returned calmly.
“Oui and it was so humiliating,” Desiree admitted. She stopped before her mother with her hands clasped tightly together before her and then blurted softly and confidentially, “I asked Antoine to kiss me!” She waited in tense anticipation for some reaction but her mother's face was expressionless. “And the worst of it is, the cad refused me! Have you ever heard of such a thing?”
Celeste suppressed her amusement, seeing the real anxiety upon her daughter's face. “It is usually the man who makes such a forward advance. Perhaps you caught him off guard?” she suggested helpfully.
“Hardly!” Desiree spat, then her brow knitted forlornly and she spoke passionately. “Many girls younger than I are wed. Some already made mothers! And I—I have yet to even sample my first kiss, except in a disgustingly brotherly fashion. Why? Am I so unattractive? Undesirable?” She moved to a large oval mirror across the room and scrutinized her image closely.
“No, sweet….” Celeste began, but was interrupted as Desiree whirled away from the mirror, pacing the room again furiously.
“He is my friend, he is dear to me and I simply asked him to kiss me…in a fashion that I might know I had been kissed by a man and, and you would have thought I had asked him to commit a crime for me!”
Celeste attempted to convey concern and appear appalled by such a revelation but laughter was close to the surface. “How ungentlemanly of him!” she gasped with feigned indignation.
“Not only that,” Desiree nodded with new vigor, “but he also told me if I didn't stop talking of such things, he would turn me over his knee! Then he leapt up, declaring that we had been out long enough and fairly forced me to mount the horse. He refused to even discuss it! I tell you Mama—he deserved that dunking! Odd behavior—especially for Antoine of all people. Why—he is no innocent! Not naïve! I've heard gossip of his af...” She stopped short on that confession. “Oh why would he treat me as if I am a leper?”
“My dear you need to realize that Antoine is your friend and it would be difficult for him to cross that line. He, Rene' Vermillion, Honore' Romains, Philippe—I could name a dozen more! They are all as close to you as family.”
Desiree sat down heavily beside her mother, speaking wistfully. “I did not ask him to cross any line Mama, only a simple request for a small favor. The same favor he has most assuredly granted a score of women, without their even asking. It is humiliating and so unfair.”
Desiree studied her folded hands as tears threatened, until she felt her mother’s touch upon her chin and raising her eyes, Desiree waited for some words of wisdom.
“Sweet, is it, in fact, fair to ask such of him? Of a young man, who for most of his nineteen years has guarded your honor ferociously?”
Yes he had done that, Desiree reflected silently, as had so many others. The memory came to mind of a summer festival last year on the town square in Rouen. There had been music and dancing and somehow she had found herself with a constant unwelcome companion, a visiting cousin of Antoine’s. He had sidled her off away from the activities, where in no uncertain terms he had made known his desire for her favors with a clumsy, groping hand which had found her décolletage. She had been aghast at his vulgar attempt at seduction and had delivered a sound slap, heaving against his chest to free herself, only to feel the bodice of her gown give way as he fell back. She had shrieked, flaying him with an assortment of well-chosen words and turned away trying unsuccessfully to hide her bosom in the tatters of her chemise.
Then from all directions, across the square had come her heroes at a jog, as always, rushing to her aid. They had surveyed the young Fabre' seated against a tree rubbing his jaw in stunned silence and then Antoine's eyes had fallen to her gown. Quickly accessing the damage he had removed his coat with a curse, draping it carefully about her shoulders while the other young men had glared at their foe with rage.
Rene' Vermillion had made to lay the offender lower still but she had tugged at his arm, assuring him she was fine and pleading with him to see her back to the inn to change clothes. His eyes had been afire with anger, his fists clenched ready to do battle but he had nodded, placing an arm about her shoulders and leading her away.
She had heard Antoine's voice, very tight and menacing behind her as he spoke to his cousin, “Never touch her again or by God you will have me to answer to.”
Although Antoine had been very close to his cousin, the rift caused by that indiscretion had taken the whole of this last year to reconcile.
“You have two types of men in your life, Pet.” her mother was now saying. “Those you don't know and those you know too well. One day, you must learn to restrain yourself and allow a man to court you or you shall have a multitude of confidants but not a one brave enough to give you even that first kiss.”
Desiree quietly digested this statement. The same words she had heard time and again from Bridgett but to hear them from her mother gave them added weight. Perhaps she were right, perhaps she befriended too easily.
Philippe Barbre came to mind. He looked to her as almost a mother image, although she was only one year his senior. He had been orphaned ten years ago, at the age of seven and taken in as an apprentice to her godfather’s groomsman. She had met him shortly after his arrival and they now shared a closeness which had stemmed from his need to have someone…anyone to care for him. She could not imagine how lonely he would have been if not for her openness which had brought him out of his shell those many years ago.
But if her mother spoke true, then she must be distant. And what man would she distance herself from in order to spark his interest? Which one could she honestly consider as a mate for life? None came to mind. They were all as close as family. And what would she do if she lost the friendship of even one by distancing herself? She could not bear it, she knew.
Then, too, she had witnessed enough of the sickening ploys girls who were her peers practiced to entrap a man's interest. In the close living quarters of an exclusive private finishing school in Paris, she had found that she shared nothing in common with the other young women attending. They had but one topic of conversation; men, or more specifically the strategy they were plotting to woo one into a proposal of marriage, and she could not abide their prattle.
Her dearest friends had always been boys and over the years she had spent many happy summers romping in the cool murky lake, riding horses, attending social and other functions with Philippe, Antoine and others. She felt a fierce sense of loyalty to each of her friends. Men were not merely a quest to her, not a quarry to ensnare.
Of her closest friends, the four young men who lived within a few miles of her home, three were from well to do families, but Philippe, the fourth, worked, and worked hard, for his keep. Three were vied for by many of the young women of Rouen, while Philippe was given hardly a passing glance. How that fact infuriated her and in itself gave credence to her vehement opinion of most women and their ploys. For Philippe was by far the most appealing of the four; extremely handsome with smoky dark-gray eyes and a sensitive, gentle and loving soul. But that mattered not to those in search of a husband by the weight of his purse or the holdings of his family.
“Ma Petite?”
Desiree came from her musings to find her mother waiting for some reply. No—she decided silently, she would not act against her nature, not with Antoine or any other man. She was not some supposedly doe-eyed little twit, secretly conniving and scheming, all for a man’s unwitting entrapment. Aloud she said lightly, “I fear I shall be forced to move to the south of France to find one I have not befriended.”
“Worry not, my precious. One day a man will come into your life and he shall woo you, perhaps dare a kiss, ask you for your hand and take you as his wife.”
“Do you believe that, truly Mama?”
“I do! Now go and find your papa so that we may be off.”

***

Desiree found her father in the front hall, pensively staring out the large window overlooking the grounds before their home. She quietly moved up beside him, looking out the window and expecting to see some disturbance, which caused him to frown so.
“Papa?” she questioned.
He turned with a start to find an angelic face close to his shoulder. Twinkling eyes sparkled up at him lovingly.
“What on earth were you thinking about?” she giggled, hugging his arm adoringly. “You looked positively pained!”
“I have been contemplating losing my sweet little girl to some man in the not too distant future,” he confessed.
Desiree pursed her lips, knitting her brow. “To be sure Papa,” she quipped, “you spend sleepless nights worrying on just that loss.”
“Do you doubt my concern for you? More nights than you know I wonder on that very topic.” He nodded curtly.
“That must be why I am forever feeling the lash of your tongue when I decline an unappealing offer to wed! You are simply cranky and cross from lack of sleep. Now it is all clear to me,” she teased mischievously, kissing his cheek and with a theatrical flair and swishing of her skirt, swept out the front door, leaving him to glare after her.
Celeste emerged from the drawing room, having caught the conversation as she approached and he scowled darkly at her amused expression.
“Celeste, that child is incorrigible!” he fumed, flailing his hands in exasperation. “Where on earth did she acquire her prowess with a gibe?”
His wife touched his jaw with a lilting laugh. “Mon Cheri…I cannot imagine where she inherited that trait!” she taunted wonderingly and then mimicked Desiree’s flamboyant exit, following her to the waiting carriage.
“You two are a pair, to be sure!” Robare hissed, stealthily stalking his wife’s backside and delivering a gentle swat.

***

The drive around the lake to the Roche’s took the lesser part of an hour. A pleasant outing when compared with the drive into the town proper of Rouen or the eighty miles to Paris, which took days and wore on a body with the constant jostling of the carriage. A light breeze blew across the water, stirring the gold tassels of the raised leather shades and carried on it the soft scent of lilac, in full bloom. The warm air of spring brought a high-spiritedness to the matched pair of white Boulonnais’ and they pranced and nickered merrily along at a smart clip.
Desiree anxiously watched from the window as familiar landscape passed by. The ride seemed interminably long to someone with little patience. She had always been one to run if she could arrive at her destination sooner for her efforts. She enjoyed horseback rather than a carriage, which seemed the slowest mode to travel of all. She felt as if she could dismount the contraption and make the trek faster by foot. They moved along at what seemed a snail's pace and she was relieved when the sharp curve came into view ahead, heralding the more than halfway point in their journey. She could hear Georges’, the driver, above the creaking carriage and horses hooves. “Whoa down there…whoa.”
The ground fell away abruptly at this point in the road, to a steep gully on either side. Scruffy weeds and wild flowers flourishing in unrestrained abandon camouflaged the severity of the drop to jagged rocks below. On the one side the lakefront, on the other, a twist of dense trees partially hid a newly turned field beginning to sprout the greens of this year’s crop.
The horses responded quickly to Georges’, slowing their gait further still under the command of the bit as they turned sharply to the left, following the lakefront. Desiree was about to make some comment on the advanced state of the field across the road when her words were halted, replaced by a gasp of shock. The silence of the countryside was suddenly shattered by a loud grinding crack, for the world sounding like a cannon blast, but Desiree could feel the jolt under her feet and knew the sound came from below the carriage.
The frightened horses bolted, with hooves frantically pawing at the dry earth and churning up gravel which pelted the carriage as they tried to escape the unknown. Georges’ voice, calm and reassuring attempted to bring the wide-eyed animals back under control but with heaving sides and nostrils flaring, acting without sanity, they could not be calmed. The carriage careened close to the shoulder of the road and Desiree screamed, seeing the gaping gully so near.
Against the momentum pushing him into the side of the carriage, Robare Chandelle struggled to the edge of his seat, grasping the far window frame. With a turn of the handle, he pushed the door open, slamming it soundly against the side of the carriage just as the leather harness and shafts broke free. The horses turned and bolted for their home and safety, while the carriage flipped over and over down the embankment toward the lake.



Chapter Two


The first blinding pains at her temples started Desiree on the slow climb from the black void of unconsciousness. The throbbing persisted until after a few minutes, she opened her eyes, watching with curiosity as white flashes of light stole snatches of her vision as if she were looking through fine lace sheers as she struggled to a sitting position and nearly swooned. Gradually, she came to realize that she was seated on the road with the grit of gravel dust covering her face and invading her eyes and mouth. All around was quiet but for the buzzing of insects and the chirping of birds.
“Mademoiselle Desiree, stay still. You may have injuries,” a panting Georges’ implored as he passed by her. “You have been unconscious.”
“I do not seem to be injured,” she tried to assure him but her wavering voice was unconvincing. Inanely, groggily she busied herself straightening her bunched skirt beneath her, patting the dust from her clothes, running her hands through her disheveled hair, before it finally dawned on her that Georges’ had crossed to the steep embankment and disappeared. Then it all came flooding back to her; the carriage, her parents were nowhere in sight.
“Mon Dieu!” she shrieked in horror. Without further thought to herself or her possible injuries, she shakily came to her feet and made her way to the point where Georges’ had descended. He was there, at the bottom of the gully, near the water's edge and the mangled wreckage. It was then that she saw the two still forms he was tending.
“Mon Dieu…no…Mama! Papa!” she cried covering her mouth with her hands and falling to her knees. She maneuvered over the rocky pitch by grabbing handfuls of grasses to slow her decent. Her slippered feet were gouged by sharp rocks and grasses cut into her hands like razors as she scrambled down and made her way to the lakefront.
“Mama…Papa?” she sobbed, “Georges’ are they…”
“They are both gone, Mademoiselle Desiree. Both gone…gone,” he wailed, dropping down beside them in the sand.
“Let me see…let me…” Desiree moaned, as she knelt beside her mother, checking for a pulse at her neck. She leaned over her chest, listening intently for a heartbeat then stumbled to her father—nothing—useless. They were gone.
With a groan, she sat back upon her heels, covering her eyes with her hands and lifting her face to the heavens. “Why? Oh, how could this be?”
“I…I am sorry, Mademoiselle Desiree. It is my fault. The axle gave way. I had no warning. I should have slowed sooner,” Georges’ blubbered, lifting his hands in supplication.
“Georges’, it wasn't your fault. You mustn't blame yourself,” Desiree cried dejectedly. “It was an accident. But Georges’, you must now start for the Roche’s. Are you able?” she inquired brokenly, as she lifted the hem of her gown and began tearing off a length of her underskirt.
“Oui, I am. I was able to clear the carriage as it went over. I am uninjured,” he sniffed loudly. “But Mademoiselle, I don't want to leave you here alone.”
“Georges’,” she implored, “if the horses get waylaid with grazing, no one will know what has happened. It may be hours before we are missed. You must!”
“We are nearly an hour late already,” Georges’ confirmed, watching as she went to the water’s edge and dipped the cloth into the lake, wringing it out and returning to her parents. “You were unconscious for some time.”
“All the more reason, we are overdue. Georges’, go now. I shall be fine.”
Reluctantly Georges’ turned for the climb up to the road and when he mounted the summit he looked down to see Desiree gently wiping blood from a gash above her father's eye and placing his hands over his chest. She was blinded by tears and used the backs of her hands to clear her vision, then pulling herself to her feet she turned back to the lake to wet the cloth once more as Georges’ hurried on his way.

***

It had been less than an hour when the thunder of hooves echoed above Desiree on the road. Francois Roche’, Georges’ and Philippe were among the first to skid to a halt and look down to find her seated on the ground beside her parents.
She was leaning against a large boulder, with her legs drawn up and resting her pounding head upon her arms to relieve some of the pain in her temples. She had managed to retrieve a lap blanket from the interior of the carriage and had draped it over her parent's heads, lending what dignity she could to the scene.
Philippe was down the embankment first, dropping to his knees before her. “Desiree, you are bleeding,” he said softly, inspecting the slight blood matted gash in the hairline near her right temple and finding it was not a serious injury.
“I didn't expect you so soon,” Desiree sniffed. “Georges’ just left a short time ago.” She hugged Philippe tightly and sobbed into his throat.
“I was on my way to Antoine's and saw Georges’ on the road near the Roche’s,” Philippe stated, rubbing her back gently, “I went back for help and we got here as soon as we could. Thank goodness you are uninjured.”
“Merci, Philippe,” she said softly and then bravely, with a deep breath released her hold upon him and looked to her godfather. “Francois, Georges’, please let us move my parents out of here and home,” Desiree requested, rising with Philippe's assistance. “Please send someone ahead of us to the house to break the news. The horses must not have made it home or someone would have surely come looking for us. Please ask that he keep an eye out for the team.”
She had risen too quickly and squeezed her eyes shut briefly, accepting Philippe's steadying arm about her waist. She held her hands to her temples until the wooziness subsided, then continued strongly, “Mary will need to prepare the parlor to receive Papa and Mama, then Father Beine will need to be sent for and the undertaker…”
“I shall take care of all the arrangements,” Francois broke in, rising from where he crouched beside Robare Chandelle while dabbing at his teary eyes with a kerchief. “Don't worry about a thing.”
“No!” Desiree snapped, then thought better of it and rubbed her aching brow with the back of her hand, speaking more gently. “Forgive me Francois, but this is my family, my duty and I would have no one else tend to the details.”
Francois motioned to a rider and called up to him from the gully. “Go to the Château and give them Desiree's instructions.” The man nodded, pulling his horse around and kicking it to a run.
Desiree bent down to gently smooth the wind rustled cover over her family and then started for the embankment and the road above.
“Philippe, I shall ride with you please,” Desiree requested, wiping again at her tears after she accepted a helping hand and arrived at the summit. “I believe the carriage can wait until the morning to be collected. I think it would be closer to your home Francois for an inspection of the damages.”
“Oui, I agree,” Francois conceded. “I shall see to it.”
A flatbed wagon was just arriving and was moved into position to receive its precious cargo. Desiree was assisted up before Philippe on his mount, while more men headed over the embankment to retrieve her parents and start them on their last journey home.



Chapter Three


Seated upon a settee in the drawing room of the Château awaiting the services to begin, Desiree found herself feeling alone in the world and lonely, in spite of the fact that a wealth of friends hovered about her trying to give comfort. All had been so kind over the past days and were so very determined to divert her attention and bring her momentarily out of her grief. It was amazing to her how she could feel so very alone in such a crowd.
The room, the entire house for that matter, was overflowing with friends and acquaintances here to extend their condolences as well as mourn their own loss. Neighbors from adjoining properties, as well as townspeople milled about, talking of this as well as other news of the day.
Young men though, for the most part, tended Desiree. Crouching before her to speak tender words of sympathy or holding her gently within their arms. She smiled lovingly at each and with a caress or a slight kiss upon their cheeks, expressed her thankfulness for their presence.
It was while sitting at a momentary lull in conversations, when a hand caressed her arm and Rene' Vermillion appeared over her left shoulder, placing a kiss upon her cheek.
“Oh Rene'! Come, sit here!” she exclaimed, patting the seat beside her. Clasping his hand in her own, she pulled him around the settee to her side. “I had hoped you would make the ride. I didn't know whether you would be well enough to travel,” she said quietly, so as not to be overheard.
“As good as new,” Rene' returned softly, while pressing a kiss to her hand with a low chuckle.
It had been just over a fortnight since he had been injured in a most personal locale by a horse he was breaking to ride. Turning his attention for an instant from the animal, he had received a hind hoof almost squarely in the groin.
“Even with your, ah, help,” he added softly.
She knew he was referring to her visit, the day after his unfortunate accident. She had burst into his bedroom and he had barely been able to draw a sheet over his unclad frame before she had rushed to his side.
“Rene', Antoine told me, are you going to be alright? Oh…you are so reckless with yourself!” she had fumed, plopping down beside him on the bed. The movement had caused an involuntary moan to escape from his lips.
“Desiree, please! Do not jump about! I am in enough pain without adding insult to injury! What are you doing here anyway?” he had asked gruffly, then his eyes had widened as a thought dawned on him. “And don't you dare tell me you plan to tend to my affliction!” He had pulled the sheet high over his lean frame with a stern scowl.
“Rene', don't be silly! This is one affliction I shall allow you to tend to on your own. I simply came over to cheer you up and help you to pass the time. I rather doubt chicken broth would help in this case anyway,” she had teased, trying in vain to squelch a giggle.
Rene' had crinkled his eyes, sneering contemptuously. “Very amusing! Just please,” he had pointed to a small chair across the room, “pull that over for yourself and I beg you, rise gently.” He had covered his eyes, gritting his teeth as another jolt racked his frame with her rising.
She had brought the chair beside the bed and seated herself near him, unconcerned with the intimacy of his injury or the fact that under the sheets he was as naked as the day he was born. The pain had made it impossible to don breeches.
She had contemplated him with a smile. “Just imagine the brokenhearted young ladies in town, such as Anna Marie, if you were not to recover from this completely. It could put quite a kink in her plans to have you sire a dynasty for her,” she had crooned, while opening a book upon her lap.
“Anna Marie! Don't make me laugh! But fear not, I shall recover my former vigor. Now, can we dispense with talking of my injury? It is very personal you know and I feel foolish enough without your remarks. Just read to me…please?” he had pleaded.
“I'm sorry, Rene'. I'll not mention it again,” she had promised, squeezing his hand and turning her attention to a comedy by Moliere’.
It was Rene's turn to give comfort now, and Desiree could see he shared her pain, reflected in the depths of his troubled eyes.
His gaze moved across the hall to the parlor, where her parents lay in state. “They look at peace,” he offered respectfully. “How are you holding up, Ma Cherie? I cannot begin to express my sorrow for your loss. I cared for your parents so very much.”
Desiree absently caressed his hand. “I am doing fine…I feel…” she began bravely but tears welled up. “I can't speak of them now,” she whispered with a shake of her head.
“Oh sweet, Desiree, let’s go for a walk. Would you care to?” he suggested with a tender smile, while dabbing her spilling tears away with his index finger.
Desiree looked about the crowded room and the thought of a few moments of solitude with him was most alluring. “Oui. That would be wonderful.”
Rene' stood, extending a hand to assist her to her feet and with a protective arm about her shoulders, they exited through a veranda door.
Birds sang gaily and flitted about the clipped lawns and into the lush green trees. The air was warm and breezy. Desiree drew a deep breath, for an instant the weight of mourning lightened and she turned slowly in circles, looking up at the clear blue sky. She outstretched her arms, as if to embrace the whole outdoors.
“It is so lovely, Rene'. Not a day meant for such sadness. I wish I could lift this weight and, I don't know, ride to the meadow or just enjoy the quiet or read a book—simply be with you and have no cares in the world.”
She stopped her rotations to find Rene’ observing her quietly.
“It will take time, sweet,” he said taking her hand and leading her across the yard, past marble benches and statues in the flower garden, toward the sandy shore of the lake.
Desiree looked up at him thoughtfully as they strolled, her observance of him going unnoticed for a time. He was twenty now and although his frame had taken on size in his transformation into manhood, he was still in the midst of filling out. His lean, hard body was becoming muscular and there was a strong, graceful power in his stride, an assuredness in each measured step.
Rene’s eyes turned to her and a gentle smile spread across his lips. “What are you thinking?” he inquired with a chuckle. “I swear it can't be good.”
“Just how handsome you have become. I would never have guessed that the boy who once enjoyed chasing me, with a worm dangling from his fingers simply to hear my screams, would have turned into such a fine man,” Desiree confessed, admiring the finely chiseled features and the flash of white teeth as he too remembered those times, so many years ago.
“I seem to recall an impish little girl who took great delight in scooping the slimy mud from the floor of this very lake and pelting her unsuspecting victims as they lay reclining in the sun. Remember,” he questioned with amusement, “when Antoine lay asleep on the shore and you flung mud straight into his open mouth?”
Desiree leaned against him with a laugh. “He chased me all the way to the Château before he caught me.”
Rene's arm slipped about her waist with a squeeze. “I never saw a girl run so fast in my life, as you did that day.”
Stopping at a marble bench placed strategically beneath a shade tree near the water’s edge, they took a seat, looking out over the sparkling expanse.
“Rene’, I cannot believe they are gone. I do not know how I shall ever get past this horrible emptiness,” she confessed softly, looking into his amber eyes.
“You will,” he assured confidently. “Do you remember when I lost my mother?”
“Oui. You were eleven,” Desiree nodded.
“I remember how you came to the house and found me hiding in the barn. We sat amid saddles and bridles in the tack room and we cried and talked—for hours it seems. And I remember feeling that same emptiness in spite of your brave efforts to help. But with time and with your constant encouragement, as well as that of many others, I came to terms with her death.”
“Do you know what I fear most?” Desiree asked but continued on before he could respond. “Being alone. I know now the loneliness Philippe has endured all these years. I have no relatives—at least not in this part of the world. It's frightening. I do have Bridgett and Mary but they are not true family. I am so afraid of being alone,” she admitted, wiping a tear impatiently. She reached for his hand, gripping it tight.
Rene' pressed a kiss to her hand and then inexplicably he slipped off the bench, onto one knee before her. In total confusion, Desiree stared blankly into his eyes.
“My sweet, I cannot bear to see you in such pain. You are so dear to me. You are my closest friend and I love you more than life itself. Desiree—if you would consent, I would be honored to take you to be my wife.”
Her mouth dropped open in surprise and he rushed on before she could find her voice, nodding in response to her shock. “I know, it’s abrupt and we have never even discussed such before. But we have love for one another, we could be married right away and you could move into my home. I have a fine house and some land of my own and I am ready to settle down. I would be your family.” He hesitated, with a fleeting glance over the bodice of her gown before taking a deep breath and continuing. “I would make no demands upon you, until you felt prepared to share…” he faltered with a crimson blush darkening his face, “but eventually we would have children to add to our household and the joy they would bring. Most important for now though, you would not be alone. You would have me as your family and all the love I could shower upon you. I would do my best to make you happy.” He whispered the last with a soft kiss to her palm.
Desiree studied his handsome face, touched that he would come to her aid in such a noble way but also with a sense of wonderment at his discomfort and hesitancy at the prospect of sharing a marriage bed with her. She realized at that moment the truth of Bridgett and her own mother's words about he and others. He could not see himself in such a role, not with her.
This was a young man who was somewhat of a get-about. His affairs were no secret. He was by no means pure and yet, when speaking of such a possibility between himself and her, he was more than uneasy, as if the idea were almost indecent.
“Rene’, I do love you very much. You know that well enough, but as you said, we have never even considered marriage as a possibility for us. We have been friends, best friends, for too long. You are as a brother to me and I fear you have thought of me as almost a sister for too many years. My goodness, it was you who once answered my questions on the act of intimacy, and yet, just now you nearly choked on the words when considering such with me, even with the sanctity of marriage.”
He opened his mouth to defend himself but she held her hand up, placing her fingers across his lips. “We do not share passion for one another, Rene’. We never have.”
She removed her hand from his mouth and then laughed softly. “I can say with certainty that my constant chatter would drive you to the brink. You have always told me I talk too much. And I have never been able to tolerate your snoring when you sleep.” She reached out to touch his soft brown hair, pulled back in a leather tie at the nape of his neck, speaking wistfully, “I never thought I would be denying you. Of all the men I could fancy myself being courted by, you were never among them. But I thank you for caring enough to offer, even though I must deny you. And I pray I may continue to depend upon you to be there for me, if I feel in need of your broad shoulders to lean upon.” She finished with a light kiss upon his troubled brow.
“Well, I tried,” he sighed, standing to his full height. “Shall we return to the house? The services will be starting soon.”
She sensed her words had injured him by his abrupt suggestion and as she rose before him, she touched his lean jaw, searching the amber depths. “Are you hurt? Perhaps I am not very eloquent or seemed to make light of your pledge but that was not my intention.”
Rene' looked over her head to the midday sky, then down into her eyes with a comical expression. “No, just a bit bruised. My first proposal to a woman and I am denied because she can't put up with a little snoring,” he teased with a chuckle. “Leave it to you to come up with something like that.”
“Ah, my poor Rene',” she said as she kissed his cheek. “You are so adorable, I don't know how any woman can resist you.”
“None can, but you!” he smirked, with feigned conceit.
She pulled him forward by the lapels of his coat, clasping her arms behind his neck as his arms came about her waist and they laughed, holding each other tightly, for a long moment.

***

It was as if the sun had stripped the heavens of color but for the palest of blues. Then with bold strokes, every brilliant hue which might be found in a rainbow was added, touching feathery wisps of clouds with a master's flare for contrast. New foliage joined in, luminous beneath the sun's caress, swaying boughs adding their own glory to the explosion in the heavens.
There beneath the splendid sky, under the shining hues of the treetops, where the warm wind of the day gave way to the cool breeze of evening, was played out the cruelest of travesties and the aroma of fresh cut flowers mixed with the smell of newly turned earth, adding to the tragic poignancy.
Just beyond a wrought iron fence, large black barouches stood in waiting. The gathering of people, clad in the dark garb of mourning, stood silently beside the carriages, witness to a heartrending scene. A teary-eyed Bridgett drew a handkerchief from the cuff of her sleeve and dabbed at the corners of her reddened eyes, her hand coming to rest upon her chest as if to ease the strangling pain which constricted her being. A comforting arm came about her sagging shoulders and Madeleine Roche’ spoke to her softly, their eyes never wavering from their sad vigil.
Near the sheltering spread of an ancient burr oak, caught in the shadows beneath its sturdy boughs, Desiree sat alone upon the dewy grass. Small, fragile, overcome with grief, her black gown frothed about her form and her ebony hair ruffled slightly in the cooling breeze. Her face was covered by trembling hands, her body convulsed with racking sobs and she was framed by dozens of bouquets of flowers which would soon adorn the stark, barren mounds of dirt before her. When the last glint of sunlight was fading into gray streaks across the sky, Desiree was gently urged to her feet by her godfather and with one last silent farewell to her beloved parents, she allowed him to lead her slowly toward the cemetery gate.

***

“Papa!”
Desiree bolted upright, with a scream about to tear from her throat and tears streaming down her cheeks. Her breath came in short gasps as she looked wildly about the unfamiliar guestroom of her godparent’s home. She realized then that she had once again been dreaming as she had each time she sought rest since the death of her parents. Held captive within her own mind, she was forced to relive the agonizing moments before the accident with terrible clarity, as her father snatched her by the arm, hurling her from the carriage and saving her life.
With a cleansing sigh, Desiree now released the morbid scene from her mind, placed a down-filled pillow against the headboard and leaned back upon it. Then with arms about her drawn up knees, she leaned her cheek upon her arms, looking to the window. The low hanging moon appeared to flicker as fast moving puffs of clouds shrouded and then cleared from the pale sphere. Somewhere in the Roche's still house, a clock struck the first hour of a new day.
Desiree now looked about the darkened, unfamiliar bedroom, wishing she were at home, in her own room. She would love to walk into her parent's room right this moment and just be alone with their memory. To be able to touch their clothes and possessions and feel a sense of connection with them. Today, she consoled herself, I will be going home later today.
She had made this one concession to Francois and Madeleine, her dear godparents, allowing them to convince her to spend this night at their home, instead of making the drive around the lake after coming an hour from the ancestral cemetery outside Rouen.
Despite all their well-meaning insistence to take care of the arrangements, she had managed to hold firmly to most of the painful, yet necessary, duties. The undertaker had been summoned, burial clothes laid out, coffins secured, the priest, the service, the last resting place, every detail had been seen to personally by her. But at what a price, she now mused. These nightmares which plagued her seemed to be escalating. She had tried to be strong throughout the last days but after the funeral, the actual finality of it was crushing and she had broken down at the cemetery as if never to stop weeping.
It was her inconsolable sobs which had brought Francois to insist she remain here this night. On the way from the cemetery, just hours ago she now realized, he had informed her that she would be staying on with them for some time. She had been totally against the idea, wanting only to return home to the Château and be alone with her grief but he had been adamant.
“There are more than enough servants to care for your estate for the time being and we feel you would do much better if you would take some time to recuperate before dealing with the memories your home will stir. Now that the funeral is over, you will be for the most part, alone, without the diversion of guests. You are still in a state of shock—please, allow us to pamper you a bit.” He had delivered this more as a statement, than a request.
When she had declined, trying to reason with him as to her need to return home this night, her godmother had entered the discussion. “Ma Cherie, it would serve no good purpose—only enhance your pain. You must try to see this. We ask you stay only for a time.”
“Madeleine, I cannot…”she had begun firmly, but then her godmother’s eyes filling with tears had halted her. “For a night,” she had sighed heavily, “this night, is all I will commit to. I shall make it through this ordeal, Madeleine. I have you both close at hand for your guidance and support but I will not leave my home, not even for a short time. Please try to understand.”
She had laid her head back against the cushioned carriage wall at that point and in her bone weary state, she had been unable to force the issue further. She had closed her eyes then and there is where her memory of the ride home ended. She next awoke here in the dark, having no memory of getting abed. Oh but what a blur the last days had been.
Until a few short days ago, sadness had never touched her or her life. From her earliest memories of childhood, she had enjoyed a wealth of happiness, with love abounding from family and friends. Her years had been filled with lighthearted pleasures—not a care, nor a worry. Now all this had changed. Just days ago she had been a child, depending upon her parents for everything. Unconcerned with matters more pressing than what she would wear for the day or what form of entertainment would occupy her hours. She was now the only heir to her father's fortune and the responsibility which accompanied that legacy dictated it was time to grow up. She had to learn to depend upon herself now and take her destiny within her own hands.
Desiree's mind came back to the present, to the darkness of the quiet room about her and in the quiet she made a silent pact with herself. She would begin to be an adult now, no longer a burden to the Roche's or her friends such as Rene' who so worried on her state as to offer marriage to ease her pain. She must go on now. Her parents would want her to go on. More than anything in their lives, they had always wanted her happiness first and foremost. She lay back upon her pillows and with a deep breath in and then out, she closed her eyes. With this new resolve filling her mind, she soon slipped into a gentle sleep and mercifully, no ghosts waited to haunt her there.



Chapter Four


Sunlight filtered through the sheers and fell upon Desiree as she slept. Gently the sun eased her from her slumber and she awoke to find herself, once more disoriented—expecting to be in her own bed, in her own room. The voices she could hear from below in the dining room she mistook for her parents; her mother’s, light and gay and her father’s, deep and rich. But now reality and memory washed over her like a huge and terrible wave. Her parents were gone and the pain of the past days came anew until from somewhere deep within, came her resolve of last night and aloud she said, “It’s time to grow up, Desiree!” while swinging her legs off the edge of the bed.
It was the Roche’s voices she heard below in addition to Bridgett’s. The clatter of dishes told her the morning fare was being served and the smell of ham and eggs brought her stomach to life and she realized then just how famished she was. She hadn’t been able to eat for days and as she rose now, her only thought was to get downstairs to breakfast. She reached for the ties at the front of her nightgown and then with puzzlement, looked down. She still wore the black dress from the funeral. Strange how she hadn’t noticed this when she awoke in the night, she mused. It was not like her to sleep in her clothes and it dawned on her now, that she could not, for the life of her, recall actually getting abed last night at all. Her last recollection was of the carriage ride home from the cemetery.
She considered what she should do, as she had no other apparel with her and the dress looked slept in, rumpled and creased. She smoothed the dark material over her midriff and hips, feeling the odd sensation of her own form beneath the plain and unadorned skirt, lacking pantaloons or hoops. With a passing glance in the mirrored dressing table, she paused, surveying her disheveled appearance. She picked up a brush, attempting to put her tangled mane of hair into some semblance of order and then twisting a bun at the nape of her neck. She dug through a drawer and found a tortoise shell comb, borrowing it to hold her hair in place. She bit a blush into her lips with her teeth, pinched some color into her pale cheeks, slipped on her shoes and dashed out of the room.

***

“Desiree my dear!” Francois Roche’ exclaimed, rising from his seat with a warm smile and all eyes turned to her standing, ill at ease, at the threshold.
“I am afraid I was so famished. I must look a fright,” she apologized, touching her mussed skirt self-consciously, while looking to Bridgett. Always a stickler for flawless appearance, Bridgett for once showed no sign of annoyance.
“Come sit down child. It doesn’t matter,” she said gently.
Monsieur Roche’ held the chair to his left invitingly, as he inquired, “How are you feeling today, sweet? I hope the night’s rest has helped you. You were in desperate need.” He settled Desiree’s chair beneath her and returned to his place at the head of the table.
“Oui, it did me wonders. I feel as though I could devour a horse at this point. I fear my appetite has regained its former pitch,” she said with a teasing smile directed toward her nurse. “Much to your ire, I suppose.”
Bridgett was constantly harping on the amount of food she consumed as though afraid she would, at once, plump up, losing her figure and womanly charms. But Desiree had never concerned herself much with that possibility. She had always been thin and now in womanhood remained slim.
With this remark, Bridgett and Madeleine Roche’ exchanged glances and smiles, for until this moment, they had feared today would be another day of constant mourning for Desiree. It seemed with the night’s rest she had regained some of her humor and it looked as though the worst were behind her, Bridgett dared to fervently hope.
An attentive servant placed a full plate before Desiree and upon gratefully accepting this offering she set at once to emptying her fare. It seemed but moments later she requested another helping of ham and this brought chuckles from everyone at the table. The air lightened at last, when for the past days it had been as heavy as lead.
“How did I happen to get abed last night? And still clothed? I don't remember coming in at all,” Desiree confessed, as she sampled then savored a sip of rich herbal tea.
“You went out like a snuffed candle on the ride home. I don’t believe you would have heard a cannon sound my dear,” Madeleine offered, inclining her head to her husband. “Francois carried you to your room and we simply removed your shoes and tucked you in, clothes and all. We didn’t want to wake you.”
Desiree laughed lightly. “I must have been even more exhausted than I knew.”
She turned her gaze to the veranda doors to her left, looking to the lake and beyond, where her home on the opposite shore was visible even from this distance.
“Francois, I believe this morn I should go home and begin to get some things in order. If you have no objections, I believe I shall bathe and then see to it,” Desiree announced in a sure and decisive voice.
With this, the room fell into a hush. Monsieur Roche’ studied her face intently, once more amazed at how this tragedy had transformed her overnight from a carefree and willful child, to a responsible and clear-minded woman. Desiree had never even been aware of the fact that she would one day become heir to a sizable fortune and now, in at least small ways, was becoming mistress of all she possessed. Her parents would be proud of her, he thought, smiling broadly. “I think that is a wise decision, my sweet,” he said aloud, rising to hold his wife’s chair.
Madeleine Roche’ rounded the table, placing a light kiss upon Desiree’s cheek. “I shall see about having a bath drawn for you while you finish your breakfast, my sweet.” With a quick squeeze of Desiree’s shoulders, she hurried from the room.
“Merci,” Desiree called after her. “And Bridgett, I would be grateful if you would assist me today.”
“Of course I will, dear,” Bridgett affirmed happily.
“Francois, have the stable hands given you any insight as to what happened? Why the accident occurred?”
“Little new information, Desiree,” he replied reluctantly. This was the first she had broached the subject of the accident and he knitted his brow with concern, fearful her mood might again swing to despair. “Only the original findings that the axle was faulty and the sharp turn caused it to give.”
“I see. Well I suppose that is the only conclusion,” Desiree agreed in a small voice, allowing the painful subject to drop as she fought, again, against her tears. The pain of mourning seemed, literally, to come in waves. She felt strong and sure of herself, then weak and forlorn. What a very odd sensation, she thought in passing.
Within a few minutes, Madeleine Roche’ appeared at the door of the dining room. “Child, the maid has drawn your water. You best hurry before it cools.”
Excusing herself from the table, Desiree started up the Roche’s long winding grand staircase, which she had always admired. She had many times as a child traced the ornate scrolls and flowers which decorated the fine banisters with her fingers, until she could duplicate the pattern on parchment. She often wrote silly notes to her father, after mastering the art of writing and the flowers always embellished the edge of the missives.
As she reached the top of the flight, she realized that she had allowed another painful memory to slip into her head, putting a damper on her already precarious mood. It seemed everything she thought or saw, somehow intertwined with her parents. She had been unaware what a huge part they played in her life until now, and her tears flowed again, unbidden.
Mounting the stairs behind Desiree, Bridgett noticed the slowing of her gait and the slight droop of her delicate shoulders and surmised that her parents must be once more upon her mind. Determined to restore Desiree’s good mood, she took her hand. “I had a few of your things sent over, just in the event we stayed on. Let's pick out something for you to wear today, shall we?” she asked brightly.

***

With clips protruding from her mouth, Bridgett studied the lovely girl reflected in the mirror before her. Desiree was gazing at her own image, with her hand resting casually beneath her chin. Bridgett mused how completely unaware of her own beauty Desiree seemed to be. She was void of vain pride, though she could easily have been ruled by it were she another type of person. Bridgett knew of women with much less beauty than Desiree possessed, completely taken with themselves and their great gifts, but Desiree exhibited none of those nasty traits.
Her hair was as black as night and hung in glistening waves to her waist. Her eyes, the most beautiful shade of deep violet-blue, were accented by black finely arched brows and thick sooty lashes. High cheekbones, a delicately shaped classic nose, full lips, a creamy complexion, all any woman could wish for. Yet this all went completely unknown to Desiree. She had even confessed to Bridgett once that she had never considered herself exceptionally pretty. She failed to see what the rest of the world could not miss.
Bridgett had watched young men fall all over themselves to catch a glimpse of her. At church services or other gatherings, a throng of young men were always in attendance at Desiree’s side, which left many of the less comely maidens of Rouen, glaring heatedly at her and her entourage of admirers. To Desiree, it was simply what she had become accustomed to and she didn't contribute the occurrence to herself at all.
An impatient sigh from Desiree brought Bridgett’s mind back to the task at hand and she quickly finished, releasing her charge to be about her bath. Desiree rose, crossing to the brass tub and after testing the temperature with her hand, disrobed, leaving her clothes in a heap. She slid into the warm fragrant liquid and the scent of wild flowers engulfed her. For a time, she simply laid back, relaxing her tense muscles.
Bridgett appeared beside the tub, picking up the discarded articles of clothing and then shot a meaningful frown at Desiree. A look she was very familiar with.
“I’m sorry Bridgett, I forgot. I know I am not the neatest person in the world,” Desiree sighed, smiling sweetly.
Bridgett could never actually become angry with her young mistress and allowed the sour look to leave her face, replaced by a smile as she turned to put the garments in their proper place. Laying a silk chemise and dressing gown upon a chair next to the tub, she started for the door.
“I will be back to help you dress. Now don’t dawdle all day in there or your skin will look like an old prune and we have nearly an hour drive to the house,” she called over her shoulder.
“Oui, Bridgett. I won’t be long,” she assured, as the door closed softly.
Desiree reached for a bar of soap, inhaling the wonderful fragrance while it enveloped her. She lathered her body and rinsed then lay back and could have fallen to sleep but Bridgett’s final words roused her grudgingly. She rose, stepping from the tub and taking up a towel, dried herself quickly then slipped the delicate underclothes on. After belting the dressing gown about her, she took a seat at the mirrored table, to await Bridgett’s return.
Her mind turned to thoughts of her nurse and she felt very grateful to have her steady, familiar presence. She knew Bridgett almost as well as her own mother, in fact she had been with the family since shortly after Desiree’s birth. Her mother had had a difficult delivery and hadn’t been able to care for an infant for some time. Bridgett had been in France but a few months, working as a tutor for a family who were acquaintances of the Roche’s and when the need arose for a nurse, Bridgett had taken the position and had been with her ever since.
Bridgett was close in years to her own mother, which sometimes caused Desiree to wonder why she would devote her entire life to caring for someone else’s child. Why she had never married and had a family of her own? It was a mystery to Desiree. Bridgett was a pretty woman, with mild features, soft blue eyes, light tawny hair and a handsome figure. She was tender and gentle, a loving and giving person. Desiree had asked the question before, but Bridgett had laughed, exclaiming she had too much to do keeping up with her to even think of marriage. Desiree had sometimes wondered if it was somehow true but in her heart, she knew it couldn’t be. Whatever the reason, she was very happy Bridgett was with her now. The door opening interrupted her thoughts and Bridgett stared at her in surprise.
“Well, I don’t believe it. You are actually dressed and waiting for me. Desiree I never know what to expect from you lately. I assumed I would have to come in here and drag you, bodily, out of that tub but here you sit. I do believe you are growing up right before my very eyes.”
Bridgett smiled broadly and patted Desiree on the cheek and then set about brushing out her hair. With nimble fingers, she quickly braided the tresses into a long complicated braid with yellow and black ribbons, entwined amid the ebony. Then, after helping Desiree dress in a subdued gown of black water silk moiré with tiny yellow blossoms and gathering all Desiree’s items into a satchel for the ride home, she hurried downstairs to see about the carriage, and Desiree followed a few minutes later.

***

Francois Roche’ waved from the front veranda until the carriage rounded the curve in the drive, disappearing from view, and was turning to enter the house when the Chandelle’s driver, Georges’ approached.
“Monsieur, Philippe and I would ask that you come to the carriage house for a moment.” Georges’ wiped dark axle grease from his hands onto a scrap of linen as he spoke. “I had come to see about salvaging what I could from the carriage and we have discovered something very distressing. Could you come for a moment?”
“Of course,” Francois nodded, the driver’s serious tone and concerned expression telling of the urgency. Together the two walked the short distance around the side of the manor and across the back lawn, toward the carriage house.
“You see there—and there?” Georges’ questioned, pointing with a greasy finger at the underside of the over-turned carriage. It lay like a dead and bloated beast, broken wheels at odd angles from the force of the fall down the embankment.
“File marks?” Francois asked, looking to the two beside him.
Philippe nodded solemnly. “And look here…” he walked around to the front axle still intact. “Here also—almost in two it is but being filed from the bottom, near the floor of the carriage, it is undetectable, unless as it is here, turned on its top. It’s no wonder we were unable to detect anything amiss at the time of the accident.” He wiped his hands on his soiled breeches, looking into the eyes of his employer.
“Someone meant for them to meet with an accident!” Georges’ stated, slamming his fist down upon the carriage in rage.
“Mon Dieu! Who could have done such a thing and for what purpose?” Francois demanded angrily. The two servants shook their heads, totally perplexed by their findings.

***

“You may return to the Roche’s,” Desiree stated with a weak smile directed at the young driver. He placed her bag upon the ground before her, nodded politely and mounted his perch. She watched the carriage lurch forward and out the crescent shaped drive at the front of the Château, lumbering toward the road, then with a quivering draw of breath, she picked up her satchel and turned to face her home. The flood of emotions which assailed her were staggering.
It had been just days ago she had shared a pleasant morning with her parents. Just days ago she had kissed them, touched them, spoke with them and she felt guilty now. Guilty that she had not told them she loved them that last morning. She wished she had spent more time with her father in recent years. Wished she had listened more intently when her mother spoke to her of everyday happenings. She wished she had accepted the invitation and joined her mother in the parlor just four days ago when she had come in from an evening stroll with Honore' instead of retiring for the night. She wished she could turn back the hands of time and not have spent eleven of the last twelve months of their lives in Paris, spending that time here instead. She wished—Enough!, she chided herself mentally—no more looking back, for it will do no good to look back with regret now! She lowered her eyes from the upper floor of the Château, until they rested upon Bridgett who waited patiently to be joined on the front veranda. Slowly Desiree plodded up the steps but before she could even reach out to grasp the handle, the door was swung wide and Mary had her in a warm embrace.
“Desiree, I am so happy to see you, sweet! Let me look…” she released her hold and looked at Desiree from arms length, studying her face carefully. “You look fine, much improved from yesterday. I think you shall be fine now, eh? Don’t you agree, Bridgett?” Mary asked as she relieved Desiree of her bag.
“Yes indeed,” Bridgett nodded, with a reassuring signal to the elderly housekeeper that the worst seemed to have passed.
“Oh thank you, Mary. I must admit it is so very painful to go on, but I am trying. I can’t seem to stop the tears, but I’m sure Papa and Mama would want me to overcome, don't you think?” Desiree questioned, with tears slipping down her cheeks, against her will.
“Of course my sweet, but don’t you worry about it,” Mary crooned, dabbing at Desiree’s tears with the hem of her apron. “You are doing just fine. We can’t help the tears now and again, can we? Those tears will help us all to heal and move on.”
Desiree hugged the old woman affectionately. “I thought I best get home and see about things,” she sniffed, shoring up her resolve and pulling herself up straight.
“Very well dear,” Mary began as she set Desiree’s bag inside the front hallway and gestured for the two to follow as she started through the house before them.
Like Bridgett, Mary was English. She was well into her sixties and a bit on the heavy side, but Desiree had never really noticed her size and could still recall the sense of security and love she had felt, when as a small child she was gathered up onto Mary’s generous lap when frightened or hurt. She would cuddle against her warm and sheltering form and listen to stories of knights and princesses, wizards and sorcerers, of English lore, until her fear or her pain would abate. 
Mary’s hair, which was always pulled into a tight bun at the nape of her neck, had been silver for as long as Desiree could remember. Her face was round and jolly, with apple cheeks and sparkling gray eyes. She had become more of a supervisor in the house in recent years, delegating work from her mistress to the other servants. She had been with her parents for over twenty-five years and in France a good score before that. She was the closest likeness to a grandmother Desiree had ever known, and she loved her as such.
“We have been busy here, to be sure,” Mary was saying. “Julien is in the garden right now, weeding. With the mild winter and here only the beginning of May, a few of the new tomatoes have already begun to bud, if you can imagine!”
As Mary rambled on about daily duties and they moved across the main hall, Desiree glanced to her left into the parlor and noted the furnishings had been returned to their original positions, with no sign her parents had been laid there just the day before. All was neat and tidy, all traces of the houseguests and mourners gone.
“Well it looks as though Bridgett and I have little enough to do here. You have taken care of everything, but I should have known you would,” Desiree declared, placing her arm about the old woman’s shoulders.
Looking to her right, Desiree paused there at the drawing room door as she noticed the door to her father's study on the opposite side of the room stood ajar. The study door was usually kept closed. Mary saw the curiosity and question in her eyes and hurried to explain.
“It’s all right dear, Jacques Monet is here trying to set your father’s things in order for you. He was hoping to see you.”
“Monsieur Monet? I haven’t seen him for quite some time. I don’t believe he was at the funeral was he Bridgett?”
“No sweet, he has been away on business in England, remember?” Bridgett coaxed her memory gently.
“Oh, I recall now. It must have slipped my mind. I really must go in and say hello to Jacques.”
“Very well, sweet,” Bridgett agreed. “I shall retire to my room for a bit.”
“And I will be heading back to the kitchen if you need anything at all dear,” Mary added.

***

Desiree stopped at the threshold of the study and knocked lightly upon the open door. Jacques Monet sat at the desk, his spectacles low upon his nose, studying a ledger, when her knock drew his attention.
“Desiree, my child!” he exclaimed and stood abruptly, coming around the desk with open arms. She came into his warm embrace, accepting his kiss upon her cheek. He stepped back then and removed his spectacles, studying her face as he held her hand in one of his own.
“How are you, Monsieur Monet?” Desiree asked before he could speak.
“How am I? The better question would be how are you? You have been through some very trying times, my sweet. I only returned this morning and was utterly shocked when I heard the news. Your father was one of my closest friends and your mother—well, Celeste was one of the finest women I have ever known.”
Desiree gazed into the tender eyes of her father’s business partner and smiled. “Merci beaucoup, Jacques. I do miss them terribly. I see you have been busy working.” Feeling the tears rising, Desiree changed the subject, glancing at the desk, scattered with papers.
He raised his bushy brows, stroking his bearded jaw and turned briefly to the desk, before smiling warmly at her once more. “Oui, business does go on, doesn’t it?”
“You will then, I presume, continue to look after my interests until such a time as I can take over some of the responsibilities?” Desiree smiled when he nodded. “I am afraid that I have never had much involvement with such things,” she shrugged.
“Of course you have not. Perhaps you will allow me to instruct you in the ways of business? I would not want anyone else to teach you. It’s enormously complicated work but you are bright and I am confident you can adapt.”
He turned toward the cluttered desk and gestured to the tangle of documents, proving his statement. Desiree laughed softly and his amused chuckle joined hers as he placed an arm around her shoulders, squeezing affectionately before releasing her.
“I had hoped you would offer your expertise. None other than father himself knows as much about our business. I would be grateful for your help,” Desiree stated truthfully, fixing him with a look of warm regard.
Jacques was getting on in years and although he was quite a fine looking gentleman, he had remained a bachelor all of his life. Her father often claimed him to be married to his work and his diligent efforts had been one of the main factors in the acquiring of the offices in Rouen. Her father had cared for his lands and ships, while Jacques talents were best suited for figures and the counting house had been his main interest. His voice and manner were still those of a younger man and if not for the thinning thatch of light hair, beginning to gray and the brows and beard also turning in color, one might guess him years less than his true count. He rose to only Desiree’s height, which was not overly tall for a woman but his well-conditioned frame, though small for a man, possessed a strength and agility.
Jacques began pulling the desk into some semblance of order, shuffling the papers into neat piles. “I am going to take these to the office in town. It will be much easier access for me there,” he explained.
“Of course,” she agreed, watching him work.
He slipped the papers and bound ledgers into a small satchel and gazed apologetically at Desiree. “I really must be going but I would like you to come to the office next week and we can begin your introduction to the business world,” he said with a wink.
He stooped over, retrieving a dust cover from behind the desk and with Desiree’s assistance, covered her father’s dark walnut desk and chair. Desiree looked about her father’s study as she followed Jacques to the door. At the threshold, he took her hand in his and bestowed a gentle kiss. “Until next week then and once again, I am truly sorry—for all of us.”
“Merci, Jacques. I shall see you out.”
“No need, sweet. I know the way well. Au revoir.”
Jacques turned and walked through the drawing room to the main hall while Desiree softly closed the study door and then feeling suddenly very alone, went to spend some time with Mary in the kitchen.

***

It was late morning when Desiree finally made her way upstairs. She first paused at her parent’s room, staring at the closed door and then reaching for the handle, turning and finally releasing it again, leaving it unopened. She did not quite have the courage, not just yet.
She moved down the hall to her own bedroom, slowly turned the knob, and as she entered the room she had occupied all of her life, a wave of sadness engulfed her. Here more than anywhere else in the house, everything in the room reminded her of the happy childhood she had enjoyed with her parents. She entered with hands clasped tightly before her and with the gait of one who was being led against their will, halting just over the threshold and looking about with trepidation, noticing details which she had overlooked for years.
Her tiny rocking chair, bought ages ago when she was still small enough to occupy it, sat in a far corner. A rag doll, with stringy braids and a smudged and faded face, lounged casually in the seat, wrapped in the remnants of her much used and treasured security blanket. It was here, near the window curtained in delicate mallow-colored brocade matching the spread and silk canopy of her tester bed, she had often waited patiently for her father. Rocking and watching down the road, as the day drew to a close, to see his carriage come around the bend and then rushing to meet him at the front door.
Beautiful porcelain dolls, dressed in the most festive attire of their homelands were displayed lovingly upon a heavy oak shelf above her dressing table—gifts from her father. Whenever he arrived home from a trip abroad, she would be waiting at the front door, bright-eyed and expectant, to see what new face she would have to add to her collection.
Desiree turned about and her eyes fell across a familiar painting gracing the far wall and she crossed the room to stand before it. It was a scene of a little girl and her dog playing on a sunny afternoon. Her mother had painted this. She had been quite an accomplished artist and had spent many hours teaching herself the craft by trial and error. Often she could be found sitting in a straight backed chair on the front lawn, with an easel before her, her face, hair and clothing, touched haphazardly with brilliant hues, as she attempted to bring a tree or a bed of flowers to life upon her canvas.
Desiree remembered well her mother asking her to run along the shore of the lake with her dog while she quickly caught the antics with bristle and canvas, and since its completion, the painting had graced this wall as a silent testimony to things past.
Life had changed so very much since this painting had been completed. The grove of young saplings which lined part of the lake was now full grown trees. The dog, a sweet and shaggy black mutt, had long since run away as abruptly as he had come to live with the Chandelles. The little girl, no more than four years old at the time, with ebony hair whipping about her as she ran with the dog trailing behind, was now grown. And the artist, her beautiful mother, was gone forever.
Desiree stood before the painting, lost in thought. She did not hear the silent intruder, quietly moving closer and closer behind her. White-hot pain exploded in her head and dots of light danced before her eyes, then went black, as she crumpled like a marionette whose strings had suddenly been snipped.

***

“Mary! In here, in Desiree’s room!”
Bridgett coughed and choked as the acrid smoke burned her eyes and throat. She fell to her knees beside Desiree, turning her to her back and brushing hair from her pale face. Mary rushed in with her apron held to her mouth to filter the deadly fumes.
“Oh Lord! Is she dead?” she cried.
“Mary, help me,” Bridgett gasped, as she attempted to lift Desiree. “Let’s get her out of here, the whole house is going up.”
Bridgett and Mary struggled to pick Desiree up between them, grasping her about the waist and pulling her arms over their shoulders. They staggered from the room and along the smoke-filled hall, using a small window at the top of the stairs, to gage their progress.
Reaching the flight, they could see flames licking at the main hall. Sheers and heavy velvet draperies over the front windows were falling in flaming tatters to the oaken floors. The arch of the front hall was a blaze of shimmering light dropping crimson embers in a shower to the entryway below.
With no other choice, they grasped the banister and dragged Desiree down the stairs between them, making their way to the front door and struggling to open it. The cool air from outdoors rushed in through the open portal, causing the flames to leap with new fervor and in moments, the staircase was engulfed.
Bridgett and Mary collapsed, with their mistress, on the lawn next to the other servants facing the huge mansion. As they expelled the smoke from their lungs, Desiree’s coughs and moans drew their immediate attention.
“Desiree, child, are you all right?” Bridgett asked, as she brushed strands of hair from Desiree’s face.
Slowly Desiree opened her eyes, then closed them again, as the green leaves of the tall trees above her seemed to be spinning like tops.
“Oh my head,” she choked out with a grimace and reached up to gingerly touch the lump which had formed at the crown.
“What is it child? Did you bump your head?”
Desiree opened her eyes again and drawing her hand before her saw that it was covered with bright red blood.
Bridgett carefully helped her to a sitting position while Mary moved aside the hair to find a small, nasty gash seeping a fresh flow from the scalp.
“It sure is a goose egg you have there,” Mary announced, tearing a strip of cloth from the hem of her singed dress and pressing it gently against the wound.
“I was hit! Something hit me!” Desiree exclaimed trying vainly to look up at Bridgett as her head was tilted down toward her chest while Mary tended to her. “I was in my room, looking at mother’s painting, when someone must have come up behind me and struck me over the head. The next thing I remember is being here with you.”
Desiree placed her hand to the cloth Mary held, taking over the task, as Bridgett looked into Mary’s eyes. Worry was plainly written on the elderly housekeeper’s face.
“Oh, the house!” Desiree moaned, as she looked up at the flames licking out the upstairs windows.
“Are you all well?” Julien called out loudly to be heard over the breaking of glass and crackling of wood. He puffed and panted, as he gingerly approached on aged legs. He was very old; nearly four score and the stoop of his once tall frame made the effort at running look almost painful to Desiree.
“Oui, we are fine,” Bridgett assured him. “But for a bump to Mademoiselle Desiree’s head.”
“I saw someone running into the woods after the fire began." He pointed off toward a stand of trees. “I don’t know who it might have been but it was a man. I could not give chase so I tried to douse the fire but my attempts were futile. It was as though it had been set in three or four locations.” He shook his head apologetically and then trotted back toward the Château to help the stable hands battle the blaze.

***

Madeleine Roche’ happened to glance out the window, where the warm sunshine beckoned her and a scream caught in her throat. Across the lake, a pitch-black cloud of smoke billowed into the clear blue sky.
“Nooo!” she cried. “Francois! Francois!”
She ran along the hall and into the study where Francois was already on his feet and heading toward her frantic cries, when she flew in, gesturing wildly for him to follow as she raced to the French doors. “It’s burning, the Chandelle’s! The entire house! Look!” She pulled aside the sheer draperies, with an agonized sob.
“Mon Dieu!” Francois rasped as he dashed from the room. He raced from the house, clearing the railing of the front veranda with a bound and crossing the distance to the stables at a gait that little testified to his age.
“Men! The Chandelle’s is afire!” he shouted, skidding to a halt at the overturned carriage.
“Oh Lord!” Georges’ whispered dropping the mallet and chisel he had been using to disassemble the carriage.
Philippe leapt from the partially enclosed compartment with a groan. “Desiree!” he rasped.
Without another word, all hands raced to the tack room, then to the stalls, quickly saddling every available mount. Francois Roche’ was the first out the stable door and the echoing clatter of horseshoes at a fevered pitch, marked his rapid departure.

***

Francois slowed his mount as he rounded the drive, seeing a group of women standing on the lawn before the Château. Desiree was cradled in Bridgett’s arms and was weeping as she watched all that had been her home and all that was left of her parents, vanish into the thick black plume. Bounding off the heaving horse before it had come to a complete halt, he exclaimed, “Ladies is everyone out? Is anyone injured?”
Bridgett rubbed Desiree’s back consolingly as she spoke. “We are all fine but this was deliberately set. Someone rendered Desiree unconscious. We fear this was an attempt at murder!”
She beckoned him to examine Desiree’s wound and after seeing the evidence and hearing the entire story, coupled with what had been learned of the carriage accident, he had to concur.
The men from the Roche’ house arrived with a chorus of hooves at a breakneck pace and a cloud of dry dust from the road billowing behind them. All hands dashed to lend assistance in the battle against the blaze but the heat of the fire, now at a heady pitch, could be felt well out onto the lawn and it was clear that salvation was beyond hope. Even the bright green leaves of the large old trees surrounding the mansion were shriveled by the intense inferno.
“Ladies, we should go. There is nothing to do here. The men will tend to this until it dies down,” Francois urged, hailing a stable hand and ordering a carriage be brought around.
Desiree watched the men throwing buckets of water on the small grass fires started by cinders falling to the ground like fiery stars from the heavens.
“Mary, you set everyone up in the guest cottages for now. We shall see about supplies after the fire is under control,” she said with authority she little felt.
Mary nodded and with a sob, embraced Desiree for a long moment. “Oh my sweet little flower, my heart breaks with what I know you must be feeling. Believe me child, this will be the end of your grief, we shall all see to it.”
Desiree hugged her old housekeeper, placing a kiss upon her cheek and nodded bravely, not trusting her voice to speak.
The carriage was brought around and Bridgett helped Desiree up, while Francois tied his mount to the rear of the coach, then joined them for the drive home.
Desiree sat silently, watching out the window as they drove from her home. The black cloud, now drifting on the breeze, fanned out across the sky from east to west. A black flag marking the end of all she had loved. A tear slipped down her face and she could find no words which might express her feelings.



Chapter Five


The study was deathly quiet, but for the ticking of the large mantle clock over the stone fireplace where Desiree sat silently upon a settee with Bridgett at her side. With her hands folded demurely in her lap and eyes lowered, Desiree watched the pacing back and forth of Francois Roche’s booted feet before her. Daring to glance up she noted the stern scowl and knitted brow of her godfather and the thought occurred to her that he looked just like a schoolmaster who had caught a student cheating on their examinations. With hands clasp behind his back, he studied the Persian rug beneath his feet, as he pondered the dilemma set before him. When he had finally gathered his thoughts, he stopped before them, rocking back on his heels, contemplating Desiree.
“Desiree, you cannot be serious about this! I must insist that you reconsider. What purpose would you have going to the colonies? It is a barbaric place with horrid living conditions and savages! Diseases of all sorts, backwards, completely primitive!” he shook his head in disbelief that she could even entertain the notion.
“No, not so bad as all that! Aunt Colette has written often of the progress of the colonies. It is not at all as barren as it once was. Why, she has written they have cobblestone streets, a town hall, merchant shops! I feel it would be a marvelous chance to see for myself.” She looked hopefully into his eyes but saw he did not share her obvious excitement, so she continued more seriously. “Of course in addition Francois, the fact remains that I am no longer safe here. We have no clue as to the identity of the persons who killed my parents and tried to kill me. We could be in grave danger this very moment and be unaware. I could meet with some accident such as my parents. How do you know that right now your carriage is not being tampered with? Next time it could be you or Madeleine who fall to your deaths.”
“Our house and grounds are being guarded, nothing else will occur, ” he assured with conviction.
He began pacing again and strode to his desk, retrieving his pipe and then paused at a sconce, setting a fine reed to flame and touching it to the bowl, puffing until it caught. Desiree couldn’t resist a smile, entertaining the thought that he had acquired this fashionable habit from the very land he considered barbaric.
“You feel going halfway around the world by yourself is not at all a hazard?” he gripped the pipe tightly in his teeth, drawing the fragrant smoke, then replaced it in his hand. “And you cannot believe this, person will forget the entire notion in your absence! That is ludicrous, Desiree!” He paced across to look out the veranda doors, where he could see work on clearing the gutted hull of her home well underway.
“Francois, I will not be going alone—Bridgett shall accompany me on the voyage, and travel to the New World has become almost commonplace. I wish to go, I feel I must. For my own safety but more importantly for the safety of the people I love. I could not bear to lose anyone else!”
Desiree met his light blue eyes without wavering and he turned from her to the window once more, with a snort. She waited patiently, and then he dropped the drape back into place with a sigh. She could see his resolve weakening. She was winning the argument.
“And you are most certain Colette will have room to accommodate you? I’ve heard they live in nothing but thatched huts over there,” he said with distaste, as he came to stand before her once more.
“Francois…” Desiree laughed softly. “Colette has a lovely two story home right on the coast of New Hampshire at Portsmouth. From what she has written of it, it sounds wonderful!”
He rubbed his gray bearded chin solemnly, eyeing her. “Well, if you are set on this expedition, I shall get you a place on one of my sloops to Le Havre and then I suppose you might go across on the Angelica.”
He started to the desk in search of the schedule of his ship but Desiree halted him in stride. “There is no need for that. Bridgett and I shall make our own arrangements for passage. I would rather not go aboard your or one of my father’s ships, for that matter. I feel for safety’s sake it would be best to find a neutral party.”
He could see the determination flashing from her violet eyes. “Perhaps the proprietor of the Le Havre Inn will help you with those arrangements,” he sighed, resigning himself wearily.
“Oh Merci!” Desiree squealed, jumping up and placing an excited kiss upon his cheek in spite of his stern expression. She hugged him tightly. “Bridgett shall help me with all that, worry not.”
“Worry not! I shall do nothing else. Desiree, what of your business, your house?” he pointed out the door toward her home. “Have you considered any of that?”
Desiree nodded in affirmation. “I have discussed all that with Monsieur Monet. He will see to everything, including the house to its completion. It will work out fine, you shall see.”
“It seems as though you had all this arranged even before discussing it with me,” he scowled darkly.
“Oui, I must admit I did,” Desiree confessed, placing another kiss upon his cheek and with a quick hug, she and Bridgett scurried out of the room to make plans.
Francois listened to them giggling like schoolgirls and with a shake of his head and a heavy sigh, he went back to the work awaiting him on his desk.

***

It was near dusk, after the evening meal had been taken when Bridgett excused herself and retired to her room to read. This left Desiree sitting with the Roche’s, talking idly of her plans for her trip, as Michel’ lighted candles about the comfortable drawing room to chase away the shadows of night. A hearty rap upon the door hastened Michel’ to the front hall, where in a moment he reappeared with Honore’ Romains at his side.
“Bonsoir,” Honore’ greeted the Roche’s with a nod. He curled an index finger at Desiree. “May I speak with you for a few moments privately?” he inclined his head toward the front door.
Desiree watched her godfather as she rose and his pointed lack of eye contact with her left little doubt in her mind as to the purpose of Honore’s visit. “Francois, you didn’t invite Honore’ over here to change my mind about my trip?”
“He but cares for you Desiree, as do I. You cannot make such a drastic decision without at least allowing me my opinion,” Honore’ spoke up, his deep booming voice full of determination that indeed, he would, have his say.
Desiree shook her head with a disgusted sigh. “Why is it that my every move must have the approval of a commission?” she sneered teasingly at Honore’ as she moved to his side, clasping his hand in her own. “Come along then, let’s have this out. Merci Francois, for setting this one upon me. If it comes to blows, I am at a marked disadvantage,” she laughed.
Honore’ was not exceedingly tall but stocky with a muscular body and strong sharp features which were almost hawk-like in their intensity. He looked as though ever ready to do battle and in most instances this was true, for he loved to fight and had the size at nineteen to level most of his peers. But Desiree had always admired his clear, sky blue eyes and blond curls which saved him from looking like one of Satan’s own.
Desiree dragged him through the front hall and paused while he opened the door, then preceded him out onto the veranda but came to an abrupt stop at the threshold and then she attempted to retreat a pace. Her retreat though, was brought to a resounding halt by Honore’s sturdy frame.
In the dim light cast by a lantern at either end of the veranda, she could see Antoine leaning casually against the rail with his arms folded over his chest and legs crossed at the ankles. Rene’ sat at the top step of the landing, one leg drawn up before him and his arm dangling loosely across his knee, a grin from ear to ear, the blackguard! Philippe sat in a wrought iron chair, with his feet propped up on the rail beside Antoine and all eyes were on her!
“Oh no, please, not four of you!” she pleaded dramatically, lightly placing the back of her hand across her brow as if to swoon, while the other hand rested over her heart. “Have pity upon me! I feared defending my actions to Honore’ but all at once, I haven’t the strength!”
“You little fool, stop overacting and come out here at least enough to allow Honore’ to close the door.” Rene’ chuckled, rising from the steps. He strode across the veranda, bringing a chair back with him. Placing it in the center of the group, he patted the seat invitingly. “Have a seat Desiree, you have some questions to answer.”
When Desiree didn’t move to take the seat, Honore’ closed the door behind him removing her access to escape and holding her by the shoulders, led her to it. “Sit!” he barked firmly.
“Now then!” Antoine began, running his fingers through his windblown hair, then clapping and rubbing his hands together in anticipation. He adjusted his position to allow Rene’ and Honore’ to join him against the rail and at the same time Philippe swung his legs down, sitting up and taking heed as Antoine continued. “Tell us why you would wish to go. Haven’t we paid enough attention to you lately?” he teased.
Desiree looked at the three before her and then to Philippe at her side. He watched her intently, leaning his arms upon his knees, his chin resting upon his folded hands, expectant. She would have answered in as lighthearted a vein as Antoine had asked but she knew that beneath the light words, they honestly wanted and deserved to know her reasons. Solemnly she began, while looking one by one to each of the four.
“In a matter of weeks I have lost my father, my mother, my home; nearly every material possession. And I have lost more than this. I have lost my freedom, my security. My whole life has changed! I don’t walk out of this house without fearing what may await me. I am guarded constantly, night and day and it is not part of my nature to live in fear. I shall find passage to the colonies, go to my aunt Colette’s home and see a new land and my only relatives, without fearing for my safety or the safety of those I love which includes all of you! What befell my parents and almost myself could be repeated at any time. I want some time away and I know it shall not solve the problem, but in some instances it is better to run away from a foe rather than to attempt to fight, especially when your foe has no form which can be battled.” She leaned back in her seat, indicating she had finished her piece.
Honore’ cleared his throat and spoke up, taking the first swipe at her resolve. “For a young beautiful woman to travel with only the company of her maid is foolhardy, Desiree. Then to board a ship, a ship full of men who shall be in close proximity for a long voyage, it could be dangerous!” he nervously looked to his companions for assistance.
“What he means,” Antoine continued in his stead, “is that sailors are not known to be the most gallant—” he paused.
“What Antoine is trying to say is that you may find yourself, they could…” Rene’ attempted but also faltered, so quickly changed the subject. “And there is your arrival at the colonies, finding your aunt! It is just too large an undertaking! If you must leave—go to Paris! Travel Scotland, Wales, England, somewhere closer to home!”
Desiree shook her head decidedly. “No, I have been to Paris and I have no desire to travel England or the rest. Listen to me, Bridgett has no qualms! Not in the least. She grew up in Liverpool. She is familiar with ships and sailors. She has no fear for our safety. Goodness, you make it sound as though civility has forgotten the waterfront! I have met many of my father’s sailors and they are fine, decent men. As for the colonies, I shall be going to a port town. My aunt lives near the port and I shall have no trouble locating her. I have sent word already which shall precede our arrival and she will be looking for us,” she laughed gently. “Next question.”
“In that case, since you are so sure of your father’s men, take one of his ships or Francois’, he has a vessel,” Antoine pleaded.
“Once more my reasoning there is sound. For I want no forewarning of what ship I will be taking. I wish to arrange this with a party completely disassociated with myself. The only way to do this, is to search out and attain passage on my own and immediately before my departure and with this task, Bridgett shall assist me.”
Philippe reached out, taking her hand. “Well, Ma Cherie’, how long do you plan to be gone?” he chuckled, resigning himself.
“Philippe! You are not helping matters!” Honore’ growled kicking Philippe’s chair soundly.
“She has her head set on it,” Philippe grinned, patting Desiree’s hand. “Once she is set on something, no amount of talk will change her mind and all of you know that as well as I.”
“Finally! The voice of reason!” Desiree laughed, leaning over and hugging Philippe excitedly.
“How long will you be gone?” Antoine grumbled.
“I hadn’t thought on that. It shall depend. A year possibly.”
“A year!” sputtered Rene’.
“We shall see,” Desiree said with a laugh, standing and hugging each in turn. “I must go in now. It is getting late but I shall see you tomorrow,” she reminded Honore’ poking him with an index finger on the center of his chest. “We were planning a picnic remember?”
“Oui, I shall be here,” Honore’ sighed, still dejected by their defeat.
“Cheer up, men. I shall not be leaving until the end of the month,” Desiree called over her shoulder as they plodded down the steps. She opened the front door, starting in but stopped short, listening to a comment from Antoine.
“Picnic, eh? Well stay clear of the creek or dress for a swim,” he warned. “You never know when she will strike or for what offense.”
Desiree closed the door, laughing gaily and peeked into the drawing room on her way upstairs. “Francois, I am afraid my plans still hold. They understood,” she drawled with a teasing voice.
Francois shook his head with a disgusted look directed toward his wife. “They will convince her, eh?” he grumbled.



Chapter Six


It was a cool morning in late May when, Desiree and Bridgett began their adventure. The Roche’s carriage pulled up to the busy docks of Rouen and each in turn, Francois assisted his wife, Desiree and Bridgett from the high coach. Philippe and two other boys approached and unloaded the trunks and cloth satchels, carrying them the short distance to the small sloop which stood waiting.
Without much fanfare but plenty of warm hugs and kisses, Bridgett and Desiree bid farewell to Madeleine and Francois, then stepped aboard the boat with assistance from Philippe.
“Now you take care, Philippe!” Monsieur Roche’ barked and was answered with a curt bob of his dark head.
Philippe smiled at Desiree and there was no one who could doubt that he would guard her with his very life. Bridgett watched the two and she knew he was fiercely protective of Desiree and although she could hardly abide his constant attentions to her charge, she knew that he cared for her very much.
Philippe seated himself opposite his two passengers and with a flick of his wrist, released the lines and pushed off from the dock with an oar, casting a worried eye toward Desiree. She was teary-eyed as she called her goodbyes to the Roche’s and then waved to their receding forms standing on the dock until they were out of sight after rounding a bend.
“Will you be all right, Desiree?” Philippe asked with concern.
“Don’t worry, Philippe. You know me, a crying baby of late. I am thankful I said my farewells to the rest yesterday. I’m afraid I might have made a huge scene,” she smiled, reaching out to squeeze his hand for a moment. She wiped a tear on a lace kerchief, smiled a bit more convincingly at her friend and then filled her mind as well as her senses with the activity about her.
Other sloops, with their tiny sails flapping in the cool morning breeze, passed them on their way back up river loaded with passengers or goods bound for some small hamlet. Their oars stroked in assistance to sails, fighting the current. A few of the captain’s called greetings as well as offering information regarding conditions on the river ahead to Philippe.
Although her reasons for leaving were not ones of happiness, Desiree began to feel a mounting excitement and interest, thinking of the adventure she was undertaking. Her mood brightened as they moved closer and closer to Le Havre, until by the time they arrived, she felt truly as if going on a holiday rather than an escape from danger.

***

The port city of Le Havre was a bustling waterway to the sea, the major landing along the northwestern coast for foreign traders. The Seine’s mouth opened into the channel at this point and ships from every port around the world were anchored in the wide Baie de la Seine. The flags which flew above each vessel told of their origin and ports of call and from the distance, the gay colors made the waterfront look lovely and festive.
The sloop weaved in and out between great ships and lesser boats until they arrived at a dock and landed amid a throng of their own kind. Philippe leaned out and caught hold of the dock, pulling the boat alongside, then tied the lines to cleats and held a hand out to the women, helping them up from the low vessel.
“Ladies, you may start to the inn if you like. I will see to your things. You simply walk straight up there.” He pointed to the cobblestone path leading up into the town. “The inn will be just before you as you crest the hill, Le Havre Inn. There is a large sign out front. You can’t miss it.” He grinned at Desiree and she favored him with a gleaming smile.
“Merci, Philippe and you shall see to our bags right away?” Bridgett asked, wanting to get the matter clear. She knew only too well that items would disappear from the waterfront quickly, if left unattended.
“Oui, Bridgett. Right away,” he bobbed respectfully.

***

Starting up the path in search of the inn, Desiree’s attention scanned right and then left as she took in everything. She had visited Le Havre several times over the years but always more inland on the far side of the city. The smell of salt water, fish and overripe fruit mixed and mingled with a multitude of other odors, permeating everything. Peddlers of every description called out to them, attesting to the fine quality of the goods they displayed on small carts along the cobblestone road. Desiree resisted the temptation to look at bolts of bright linen and velvet materials. Her trunks were bulging with a new wardrobe which the seamstress in Rouen had worked feverishly to complete over the last two weeks, replacing many of the items lost in the fire. She could not possibly stuff another thing into her bags.
As they continued on, a small form seated beside a vendor cart caught Desiree’s attention. A little girl was crouched at the side of the road, her long blonde hair, tangled and tossed. Her hands, bare feet, clothes were grimy and she was devouring a hard roll as if it were a grand feast. The peddler, seeing the upset in the women’s eyes, shooed the little urchin away. The little girl scuttled off down the street, only to take up her meal once more near another cart.
This occurrence abruptly reminded Desiree of France’s undeniable woes. Here at the waterfront they could be seen more dramatically than in her hometown. Her eyes now swept the street, falling on several other young children with dirt-streaked faces and tattered clothing, walking aimlessly from cart to cart, looking for perhaps a lost coin or a scrap of food. Desiree had often heard her father and other men discussing the cause of the unrest in the country. Seeing these little children who seemed to suffer the most, she couldn’t help but curse good King Louie within her mind.
Louis XIV was driving France into a terrible state financially. They called him a puppet on a string, at least in private, for allowing his war minister Francois Michel le Tellier Louvois to persuade him into endeavors of war.
It had been a well-known fact that Monsieur Jean Baptiste Colbert, Frances’ financial advisor had been a major factor in the prosperity the French had become accustomed to over the years. After his much grieved death, times were becoming hard and although France had had its share of problems prior to his death, they were worsening now.
The Edict of Nantes had been retracted by Louie taking away the rights of the Huguenots or reformers as they were wont to call themselves and giving Louie the freedom to persecute them unjustly. And Louie had taken full advantage of that freedom for years now. Her own aunt Colette had practiced that Protestant faith and in spite of Louie’s determination to wipe out the religion, she and Uncle Maurice had held fast to their religious beliefs and in the end, they had been forced to leave France several years ago, making the colonies their home as had many others of that religious sect, subjected to persecution. Because of Louie and his obsessive, irrational hatred, France had lost many of its influential and prosperous businessmen. With their leaving, they had taken much of France’s wealth.
Since Colbert was no longer alive to look out for France or its interests, Louvois had wet Louie’s appetite to expand French borders. Some of the expeditions had failed and the people of France were the ones who suffered. Of course, King Louie had not. He had built a palace at Versailles on the outskirts of Paris and the elite of France were having a grand time, living extravagantly, adding much to the unrest and indebtedness of the French government.
Desiree watched two small boys, surely neither more than seven years, as they punched and clawed at one another over a scrap of bread crust found lying in the gutter.
“Poor little things,” she whispered, stopping across the road from them. “Mes Cheres, come here. Come to me,” she coaxed, stooping down slightly until at their eye level and looking into their wide-eyed grimy faces.
The boys forgot about the precious crust, for the moment, which one held loosely within his hand and they looked with uncertainty at Desiree, then into each other’s eyes. Slowly they walked the few steps to stand before her.
“Are you hungry?” she asked, smiling gently, trying to ease their suspicions. The two small heads nodded in unison. Desiree removed her drawstring bag from her arm and reaching within, pulled out two coins. “One for each, but do not tell where you received them, eh? Do you understand?”
Again they nodded, holding out filthy little hands. Desiree placed a coin into each of their palms and they looked wide-eyed at the shiny money and grinned.
“Merci, beautiful lady,” one said and together they rushed off down the road, clutching their treasures in tight little fists.
“We had best make haste, my dear. We shall have a hundred of those children mobbing us at any moment, begging the same favor,” Bridgett said, scowling at Desiree and starting off with a stepped up pace.
“Nonsense Bridgett, they shall not tell!” It was only too true that with one kindness, you might find yourself overrun with street urchins, for there were many, but Desiree felt compelled to do what she could, when she could.

***

Arriving at the Le Havre Inn, they walked in the front entrance and just to the left of the front door entered the common room. Being early in the day, few patrons were about and the room appeared to be neat and tidy, despite its obvious state of disrepair.
A once exquisite mirror hung broken upon the wall behind the wooden counter and it looked as if possibly a heavy tankard or bottle had been thrown against it, leaving a hundred tiny cracks from the center out to its edges. Long tables, some with benches and others with chairs, were arranged in neat rows throughout the room and all were gnarled, cracked and splintered from abuse. A once stylish chandelier hung naked and broken overhead, not a single crystal adorning its pathetic skeleton. A middle-aged man with sparse brown hair and a wide girth stood behind the counter watching them take in their surroundings. Desiree smiled at him hesitantly.
“May I help you, ladies? I am the proprietor of this, inn as it were.” His eyes flitted about the room as he stated this, a half-smile playing upon his lips.
“We will be in need of a room for the next few days, but perhaps less,” Desiree stated.
“Oui, ladies. I can accommodate you.” He nodded, dropping a much used linen cloth to the counter and with a waddling gait, leading the way while bidding the two to follow.
They climbed a flight of stairs to the second story, starting down a hall which was dingy, with the remnants of once lovely wallpaper hanging, stained and faded in tatters, all about them. He stopped before a door halfway down the corridor, turning to face them.
“Here we are. It is not the prettiest but it serves its purpose. I think you will be comfortable.” He seemed to be trying to convince them as he stepped aside and allowed them to enter.
Desiree entered first and was not quite pleased with what met her eyes. But for two small beds, once canopied, but now sawed off at the head and footboards, a table with two chairs near the window and a washstand in one corner, the room was barren. It had been recently cleaned though. The smell of lye was slightly apparent and it was tidy.
The man spoke from the doorway as the two continued to look about uneasily. “Now ladies, we have not but the common room and I would suggest you take at least your evening meals here in your room, if you don’t mind. The place downstairs gets a bit, shall we say, boisterous, in the evenings.” He rubbed the stubble of his chin, smiling with obvious embarrassment.
“That would be fine, we shall dine in. Our luggage will be coming up from the docks soon, would you see that it makes its way to us?” Desiree asked, while her eyes moved to a splattering of holes in the wall to the right of the door. It looked as if someone had used the room as a shooting gallery.
“Of course and if you need anything at all during your stay, just ask at the door at the end of the hall. My wife will see to it for you.” He turned to go and looked back again. “Dinner will be served at around noon and sup at six. You should enjoy that, my wife is a wonderful cook,” he said with pride.
“I’m sure she is.” Desiree smiled kindly and the man took his leave, heading down the hall.
Bridgett closed the door and turned to face Desiree. “Well, which bed would you like?”
Desiree tossed her purse onto one of the beds. “This one will be fine,” she sighed, strolling to look out the window to the docks below. Even from here, the tall masts could be seen clearly. So many ships! They would have quite a task ahead of them, finding one which suited them for their voyage, she thought wearily. A light knock brought her attention back into the room and she waited while Bridgett opened the door.
“Your luggage,” Philippe gasped under the weight of a large trunk slung upon his back and three cloth satchels hanging from his free arm.
“Oh, Philippe! You are going to break your back!” Desiree exclaimed with concern. “Just put it there.” She pointed to the wall near the beds. “That will be fine.”
Desiree helped him by taking the small bags and she flinched as the trunk slid down his back and he straightened up until it rested upon the floor. Just then, another boy came in, equally encumbered.
“Philippe, help him with those!” Desiree grimaced. Philippe hurried to obey, relieving the overburdened young man of some of his load.
Desiree went to her bed and brought her purse, fishing out a coin for each. “For your trouble.” She smiled at the young man she had never seen before, placing the coin into his hand. He stood in a trance, it seemed, watching her with a strange expression. “I hope it wasn’t too much bother,” she inquired.
“Not at all, Mademoiselle,” he replied softly, still with the same strange dreamy smile upon his lips.
Desiree pulled her attention from him, turning to Philippe but Philippe refused the token, pressing it back into her palm, despite her scowl. “No charge,” he said with a grin.
“Well, Philippe, be sure and tell Monsieur Roche’ we arrived safely and please, if you see them, tell Rene’ and the rest one more farewell from me, will you?”
“Of course, Desiree. We shall all miss you so. Please don’t stay away too long.” He sobered and continued, “And do take care—we could not stand it if any harm came to you.”
He took her hand in his and lightly kissed her soft flesh, then glanced up at Bridgett and released Desiree uneasily. He lowered his head, looking down at the floor. He knew only too well that Bridgett frowned upon his attentions to Desiree, although Desiree’s own parents had seemed at ease with their friendship. It was because he was a servant and Bridgett had always thought of him as too far beneath her mistress to be so comfortable and familiar.
He had first met Desiree, she at the age of eight, at a garden party at the Roche’s. Desiree, Rene’ and Honore’ were wading in the lake, skimming stones and he had stood back, in the shadow of a tree, watching quietly. The boys had ignored his presence but when Desiree had noticed him, she had walked straight to him and brought him to join in the play. He had found that day a friend who had shared many warm memories over the years. She had helped him to find a home, where he felt considered of worth; but Bridgett had never seen it that way and he now shuffled his feet, wishing to express his farewell to Desiree and unable to.
“Oh, Philippe! Stop that! She won’t bite. You can be so silly!” Desiree giggled but noted the stern expression Bridgett was bestowing upon him. Desiree gently placed a kiss upon each of his cheeks, to his pleasure and said quietly, “Take care and remember, Je t’aime.” She gave him a warm embrace and he spoke softly in her ear, “And I you.” He stepped back and the two boys quickly took their leave. Bridgett noted the one boy, watching Philippe with admiration and a look of envy in his eyes.
As Bridgett turned back after closing the door, she found herself under the angry glare of Desiree. Desiree stood arms akimbo, with exasperation upon her lovely face.
“Bridgett, you can be so unkind at times! Philippe is a good friend to me. He has always shown me only the utmost consideration and regard and you make him feel as if he is a nuisance!” Desiree shook her head and turned away with an inaudible added comment.
Bridgett made no reply but she felt no remorse for her behavior. She had never approved of Philippe or his brazen disregard for Desiree’s station above him.

***

After dining in their room, the two spent the rest of the evening hours talking quietly. The noise coming from the rowdy crowd below made them indeed thankful that they had dined in. Male laughter and female giggles could be heard over the clatter of dishes. The paper-thin walls between their room and the others on the floor did little to disguise the animalistic noises which were coming from some of those quarters.
It was getting late when the noise subsided enough so that they were able to retire. Desiree was most grateful for the ceasing of activity and with her sensibilities greatly taxed, she found rest immediately. But not before making it clear to Bridgett that despite the lateness of the hour, she was determined to get an early start in the morning at the huge task before them of finding passage to the colonies.



Chapter Seven


As the day broke, the two women began early, as planned, preparing for their excursion. Bridgett donned a pale green velvet dress, trimmed gently with lace at the sleeve and hem. The neckline buttoned close about her throat, very conservative by the day’s standards. Then she advised Desiree on what her apparel for the day should be. Being at the waterfront and being a woman made for trouble in and of itself, but dressing too flashy or with a low décolletage could make matters infinitely worse.
She dressed Desiree in a newly procured royal-blue silk gown, modest and yet attractive. Her charge was one of the few women who could forgo the corsets with heavy whalebone stays which most of the well-dressed women of France wore to enhance their waists. Her waist was tiny, unfettered and the dress clung to her form attractively. Billowing sleeves were drawn with ribbons just below the elbow. The bodice showed just a hint of her full breasts, rounding above a white lace inset.
Bridgett brushed Desiree’s blue-black hair until it gleamed, then set about braiding the silken tresses into a complicated design, pinning the braid at the crown of her head. A stylish hat matching the gown for color flawlessly, set upon her head at a slight angle over the bun.
Bridgett stepped back and surveyed her work with a practiced eye. The child was gorgeous in her subdued attire, perhaps even more so than in anything else she owned. Beauty of her caliber was hard to come by; in Bridgett’s memory she had never seen a lass who could compare in the slightest.
Desiree stood back from the small cracked mirror which they had discovered hanging on the inside of the closet door and scrutinized her appearance. She found herself often very critical of her looks. She had become so accustomed to admirers harping on this great beauty she possessed, she found herself doubting the sincerity of the compliments. She wrinkled her nose at her reflection and turned away. “Shall we go below for breakfast?” she asked.
“Oui, it is very quiet. I am sure the common room will be relatively calm,” Bridgett agreed confidently.

***

Throughout the Baie de la Seine and into the docks and along the river, ships numbering several score were going out or coming in from sea, docked along the piers or anchored out in the bay awaiting their turn to unload or take on cargo. Bridgett and Desiree walked with eyes trained upon the masts which loomed above them, as they searched out the ships which might be going to the New World.
Before long, their choices became limited. Desiree found fault with each vessel they passed. Many of the ships, which flew the British flag, France’s often-great enemy, but at the moment tolerated neighbor, were not the type of vessel she had in mind to spend the next two months aboard. They were dirty, with rough men using foul language, barking out orders to grimy sailors. Many of the same men made lewd remarks to them as they walked along.
Some ships were obviously whalers bound for northern waters. Then others looked unworthy of a long voyage, as craftsmanship was a large problem yet in many parts of the ship building industry. Some of the ships were privateers, with large cannons jutting out from the sides at measured intervals. Those also were out of the question. She did not care for the idea of doing battle at sea.
They continued on, sidestepping crates and livestock, skirting around puddles of stagnant water and garbage which lay along the wooden walkways. The smell of mildew, sweat, fish and animals was almost overwhelming.
They seemed to be among a very few women who ventured to the waterfront. The women Desiree saw about them looked rough and not particularly clean. A few gave the pair looks of hatred as they hung seductively on the arms of sailors, as though she and Bridgett were competition for the men’s affections. It was sure that these women would just as soon not have more competition. They fought hard to earn a few francs from the ships full of lusty men.
Desiree began to think it had been foolhardy to come here on her own to book passage. The proprietor of the inn had offered to make the arrangements, but she had seen it as a chance to make a decision on her own, to be responsible for her own destiny.
Bridgett sensed the tenseness of her young mistress and that she was very uneasy with this new experience but Bridgett herself having been around this sort almost all of her growing up years along the coast of England, knew that for the most part, they were in no danger. True, some of the crass sort who lived and worked around the waterfront were a dangerous lot. Some would just as soon kill you as look at you. But during the day it was relatively safe, except, of course, for the catcalls, which had to be endured. She glanced at Desiree’s face and felt she must try and ease her fear.
“Most of these men are harmless dear,” she assured with a bright smile. “They enjoy making women uneasy but to them it is merely a way to amuse themselves. They mean you no harm—some are most honorable.” Desiree rolled her eyes in disbelief and Bridgett grasped and then patted her hand. “Trust me,” She said with a laugh.
As they walked past seedy vessels, Desiree was almost set to give up, when ahead she saw not one but two fine ships. The first was a British East Indiaman, very commonplace and yet this one held the distinction of having no visible large cannons but small falconets mounted at the rail and the forecastle had been modified, obviously revamped for speed.
The second, a Caravel, was small and two-masted; built for speed and light loads. Either would be very comfortable for a long voyage and as Desiree scanned on down the docks, she could see no others worth looking into, mostly whalers and French military ships. These looked to be her only hope.
Stopping before the first ship she noted the sparkling brass fittings gleaming in the midday sun. The mainsail, which seemed to be under repair, was flawlessly white. Sailors stood precariously upon the crosstree of the mainmast and a man’s deep rich voice could be heard over the hustle of the dockworkers, giving orders to the men up above.
“Davison! Watch those lines. We don’t need that main knotted up!” he shouted.
“Aye sir,” came the reply.
Desiree could see just the top of the man’s head from down on the dock. Wind tousled light blond hair gleamed like spun gold in the bright sunlight.
“Well, Bridgett? What do you think?” Desiree asked, lifting her brows excitedly.
“I think this is what we have been searching for,” Bridgett nodded.
“I agree. I shall go and see if the captain will give us passage. If not, then that smaller one there will do just as nicely.” Desiree inclined her head toward the next ship and started away.
“Missy, don’t you want me to accompany you?”
“Bridgett! You said yourself there is no danger and these men seem decent enough,” Desiree decided as she walked up the plank. “Besides, I must begin learning to do things for myself.”
Desiree alighted on the main deck and started toward the bow, where she had seen the blond man. Sailors stopped their activities to watch her pass, smiling in appreciation at the feminine swing of her slim hips. Desiree was oblivious to this; her eyes were turned upward to the men walking agilely upon the mast above. The height was dizzying and she marveled at their balance and daring.
“And just what do you think you are doing, may I ask?”
“Oh!” Desiree chirped, as she was nearly knocked off her feet after slamming full force into the blond-headed man. Unshaken by the collision, he stood with feet wide-set and hands on hips, glaring down at her. Desiree pulled back, lifting her hands to straighten her hat and looked up at him with embarrassment and a self-conscious smile which faded when she saw the dark-brown eyes boring into her.
“I…I wish to speak with the Capitaine’. Would that be you?” she asked softly, feeling the heat of a blush come up on her face.
“I neither speak nor understand French! If we are to talk, it will have to be English.” He stated gruffly, crossing his arms over his chest with an amused, mocking expression.
“Are—are you the Captain?” Desiree stammered hesitantly, although her English was usually flawless and fluent as she had studied it for several years and spoke it quite often with Bridgett and Mary.
“That I am. How may I be of service to you, my sweet?” As he asked this, his eyes took in the whole length of her body, lingering on the modestly cut bodice of her gown where he could see just a hint of soft white flesh and the outline of the voluptuous assets beneath. Her lovely face gave away her youth and he guessed she must be at least two or three years short of a score. But her trim, shapely figure looked made for love.
His gaze came slowly back up her body and as his eyes met hers, Desiree swallowed hard. His close scrutiny had now caused her face to flush bright crimson, she felt sure. She could feel the heat coming from her cheeks. Her knees felt as though they might buckle at any moment and it took much control on her part to keep from racing to the rail and screaming for Bridgett to rescue her.
“I—I was hoping to inquire about sailing…” she wrung her hands nervously, as he continued his raking of her form with his eyes. “Booking passage to the colonies. Would you be able to accommodate my maid and myself…?” she found her voice trailing off softly at the end. She was completely unraveled and unnerved.
“Well, I’m not in the habit of taking passengers on,” he began as he took a step toward her with a dimpled grin on his clean-shaven face. The grin widened as she stepped back from him. “I find it usually makes for trouble.”
Desiree could not believe it but he took another step toward her. She took another step back and found that she had inadvertently backed herself into a stack of wooden crates. She was hemmed in on all sides. She leaned against the rough wood, putting as much distance between them as she possibly could. He was only a pace away, his eyes full of menace; at least to her meager knowledge of men they appeared menacing. She dropped her gaze from his but then her vision was filled with his broad bronzed chest. His shirt was open, showing the muscled and bulging expanse beneath a light furring of dark hair and she lifted her eyes to his once more.
He thought that the girl looked as if she were ready to burst into tears. Her gorgeous violet-blue eyes framed by sooty black lashes were wide and fearful. He couldn’t resist teasing her further. “Especially female passengers…” he rasped, raising his brows and stepping closer still until he was against her. So close to her, in fact, that he could feel her thighs pressed against his own. He paused, pulling back and tilting his head, letting his lips hover close to hers and reached out to let his hands slip about her along her ribcage, as his thumbs lightly brushed the sides of her breasts. “But if you would care to, come below to my cabin for a time, I will make it well worth your while.”
Desiree gasped in shock, turning her face away from his; his breath was warm and clean against her cheek. He made an almost animal growling noise in his throat. He thinks I’m a trollop! she screamed silently within her mind.
“Name you price, my dear. I am a very generous man when it comes to such fine quality.” His lips moved to the side of her neck and his thumbs moved over the bodice of her gown lightly.
Desiree came to life outraged by his familiarity. His arrogance made her quake with anger. “You swine!” she spat, finding her voice. “How dare you!” With a shriek, her tiny foot found his large one and she stamped on his instep with all her might.
“Damn!” he yelped, picking up his foot and falling back a pace.
The shocked expression on his outrageously handsome face told Desiree that he was not accustomed to being denied and before he could resume his assault, she struck out with all her strength. The slap could easily be heard at all parts of the vessel.
“How dare you, you slimy rogue. The likes of you trifling with me! You, you blackguard!” Desiree spat, then with both hands heaved against the stunned man, catching him off balance as he favored his aching foot and he fell back from her, tripping on a coil of rope and landing with a thud in the midst of the coil. Desiree ran around him, then along the ship to the plank and down to the dock, as the sound of riotous laughter followed in her wake.
The surprised captain lifted his tall frame from the deck and rubbed the sting from his cheek. A smile played about his lips and he chuckled to himself. He hadn’t expected that from the lady.
Laughter sounded around him and he looked up at the two men on the crosstree of the mainsail. In a fit of glee both men held weakly onto the sheet, bracing themselves against the mast. He outstretched his arms, shrugging his shoulders with a wide grin, which brought renewed chuckles from up and down the ship.
“All right, show’s over gents!” he laughed. “Let’s get this tub loaded. We sail on the morning tide or had all of you forgotten that?”
As the men resumed their duties, he made his way to the rail and watched the young lady grasp another woman by the arm and walk briskly down the waterfront. He clicked his tongue in appreciation, then chuckling to himself, went back to his work.

***

Desiree raced down the gangplank with her gown lifted in one hand so as not to impede her departure, head held high and back straight as a board. Her mouth was set in a grim, hard line as she snatched Bridgett firmly by the elbow, heading off down the docks.
“That lecherous swine, how dare…” Desiree fumed under her breath. “Come below, eh? Well…”
“My dear you are as red as a beet! Tell me what is wrong. What happened?” Bridgett fretted, taking quick, short steps to keep up with Desiree and prevent her arm from being torn from its socket.
“That beast took me for, he tried to, oh never mind!” Desiree shook her head, trying to rid herself of the distasteful scene. “Let’s inquire at the next ship. This time, you accompany me!” She managed a strained smile and arm in arm, the two climbed the plank to the deck of the Caravel.
An older man dressed with tailored perfection in a forest-green suit approached, with hands loosely held behind his back. His nose was rather hooked and a mustache disguised a thin upper lip. He smiled good-naturedly at them with a slight bow.
“Good day, ladies. Welcome aboard the Dalton. I am Captain Anderson. May I be of some service to you?”
“Sir, my companion and I were in hopes we might book passage to the colonies. Would you be able to accommodate?” Desiree asked, looking up into the eyes of the tall man. He was well above the average height and so slim, almost painfully so.
“Unfortunately, I am afraid I will not be able, Mademoiselle. My plans have been changed this very day. I will be going to the East before making a voyage to that part of the world.” He shook his head, taking in the dejected expression of the young beautiful girl. “But look here, you needn’t worry. Stephen Colter will be leaving on the morning tide, bound for the colonies. I know space enough would be easily attainable.” He smiled broadly as the girl’s face lit up with a stunning smile.
“Oh Captain, where might we find this Captain Colter?” she asked with a sigh of relief.
The captain pointed over the rail toward the stern, to the ship docked directly behind and Desiree followed with her eyes, to where his finger rested. The East Indiaman and the barbarian who thought to purchase her favors. She bit her lower lip, holding back a shriek. Her hopeful face sagged into anger.
“No thank you, Captain! I would rather swim!” she spat, dismissing the ludicrous idea and turning her attention elsewhere.
Anderson watched the young woman as she looked from one ship to another for some other means to journey. After surveying the docks himself, he turned to her companion, “I am afraid that other than Colter and his Windward, your choices are none too pleasant. Not vessels suited for ladies.”
He couldn’t help but wonder what the beauty had against Stephen. “I could accompany you both to Colter’s ship and make the arrangements, if you wish. I am sure you would be most welcome and comfortable. Stephen Colter is a close friend of mine. I can vouch for his credentials.”
Desiree turned from the docks to face the two, shifting her eyes from Bridgett, to the captain and back to Bridgett.
Bridgett raised her eyebrows and slightly shrugged her shoulders. “It is your choice my dear. We could wait another few days for something else.”
“Aye, you might do that, Miss. I know for a fact that Colter’s brother is expected a week or so from now,” he nodded. “But then he will be in port another good week or more before he sails,” he mused idly.
Desiree rolled her eyes and turned away, looking over the rail and surveying the bustle of the docks, while considering her options. She could find herself here for days, staying at the less than desirable inn, waiting for suitable passage. She could make the voyage on one of the less than welcoming ships she saw about her, or she could collect her belongings, returning to Rouen and the Roche’s to try once more at a later date. None of these options appealed to her. Desiree turned to face the captain.
“You say you know this man personally?” she questioned and the captain nodded without hesitation. “And you shall accompany us?” Again he nodded. “Then I suppose we must. I have no other choice, at least none I relish.” Her cheeks felt hot with the humiliation. To be forced to return and plead for passage again from the swine she had laid low, just minutes ago.
“You shall not regret it, I assure you,” Anderson said with a smile, anticipating the reaction Stephen would display at the sight of such a beauty.
But Desiree regretted it very much already and she was fuming mad about the entire predicament.

***

“Anderson what brings you…”
Stephen Colter’s words trailed off as just behind Anderson, peeking around him, were those violet eyes. She looked like a small child, hiding behind her father for safety’s sake from some menace.
“Captain Stephen Colter, may I present Miss Desiree Chandelle and her companion Bridgett Spencer. I have assured these ladies that you would be pleased to see them safely to the colonies.”
Anderson grinned and stepped aside to reveal the beautiful young woman, expecting to see the young Captain Colter begin frothing at the mouth, as Stephen was quite a connoisseur of women and this surely, was one of the comeliest to have ever come along. But Stephen acted as though he didn’t notice the lady or her obvious attributes at all. His eyes were twinkling with mischief.
“Aye, Captain. I have this very afternoon become acquainted with the lady. Passage is it?” he questioned as though this were the first he had heard of that proposal, while he meaningfully stroked his cheek where not so long ago he had felt the sting of her hand. His dark eyes caught Desiree’s in silent communication. “Aye!” He grinned. “I’ll be happy to have the ladies aboard. It should make for an interesting voyage,” he chuckled, turning to call down the deck toward the stern.
“Cunningham!”
“Right away, Captain!”
An elderly man waved an arm and stuck his head out from behind a stack of crates. He was easily twice the age of his captain, Desiree decided, possibly sixty, with graying hair and a bushy mustache. His eyes were twinkling merrily and he was grinning from ear to ear as he approached, causing her to wonder if he had been witness to the scene earlier. But of course he had, the whole bunch of them had had a hearty laugh at her expense.
“These ladies…” Stephen emphasized his words, grinning at Desiree, “will be accompanying us to the colonies. Please take them below and make them comfortable.” He turned to address Bridgett. “Ham here will see you below. Where might we send for your luggage?” he inquired pleasantly.
“The Le Havre Inn,” Bridgett answered softly. She was completely stunned by the man’s looks; he was extraordinarily handsome.
Stephen nodded curtly and with a gesture ushered them into the care of Ham. The two women followed Ham across the deck moving to the stairs leading below at the sterncastle as Stephen stood with arms crossed over his chest, admiring the feminine stride of the dazzling French girl moving fluidly away. He had almost forgotten Anderson stood beside him.
“So you met with her before? Where might this have been, Stephen old boy?” Anderson questioned.
Stephen clapped his friend upon the back. “Could I interest you in a drink? This will take some time in the telling for you to get all the enjoyment out of it that myself and crew did earlier,” he laughed.
“By all means! How can I resist the prospect of one of your tall tales?” Anderson chuckled, giving Stephen’s shoulder a sound pat. “Lead on, old chap!”

***

Desiree and Bridgett were escorted down a flight of steps to a narrow corridor that veered to the right, then half again down another cramped passageway.
“Here we are,” Ham announced, opening the door and standing aside, allowing the women to enter. “It certainly lacks style but I am sure you shall be most comfortable.”
The cabin was very cramped to say the least, Desiree observed. Two small berths were built into the wall on either side of the door. A table and chairs, no doubt anchored to prevent overturning on the high seas occupied the space beneath a heavily glassed window between the two berths. An armoire was built into the wall at the end of one bed and the lower half contained a two drawer chest. A small washstand took the last inch of usable space at the foot of the other bed.
“I’ll leave you ladies to yourselves now. Your luggage will be brought from the inn right away. I could have a tray sent in if you have not had a noonday meal,” he offered politely.
“Oh yes please,” Desiree nodded. She was famished from her harrowing morning.
“Right away.” He started out the door and turned back, “As far a meals go, I am afraid we have no dining room. Meals will be served here. I hope this will not put you out.”
“Of course not,” Bridgett assured.
“We’ll be leaving on the morning tide, so you will want to retire early I expect,” he added from the corridor.
“Thank you, Mister Cunningham,” Bridgett called, closing the door behind him. She turned to face Desiree. “Very friendly, don’t you agree?”
Desiree made no comment.
“My goodness but the captain is a fine looking man. So handsome and young!” Bridgett marveled, noting the straightening of Desiree’s posture.
Desiree’s dark brows shot up with surprise. “That man is completely repulsive! So arrogant! So vain! Oh, a pompous oaf!” she sputtered. “Speak no more of him! That, that, man!” She flung her hat off her head, tossing it to a bunk.

***

Captain Anderson reclined at his desk with the light of a single candle, throwing a flickering glow across the charts before him. Pouring himself another Applejack, he savored the slightly tart brandy and leaned back in his chair to enjoy the libation.
He chuckled to himself, That Stephen! he thought. Ornery devil. The retelling of Stephen’s episode with Miss Chandelle was made almost as vivid by recount as the actual event must have been. For a woman to have struck the great Captain Colter seemed almost impossible, but to have decked him! Preposterous!
Stephen Colter was accustomed to having women fall into his lap like ripe fruit. He had never been refused to Anderson’s knowledge, for women were Colter’s best subject. He had an almost irresistible charm about him and he had a dozen different women waiting anxiously for a proposal of marriage or at least a permanent arrangement which would never come. He was a man who enjoyed the company of many women and could not seem to limit himself to just one. The young captain should have an interesting voyage with that French beauty aboard, he mused, finishing his drink. Cupping his hand around the candle, he extinguished the flame, retiring for the night.

***

Stephen Colter was deep in thought as he drank from his tankard of ale, then rested it upon his abdomen, leaning back in his chair with legs loosely crossed at the ankles before him. A young woman approached, stopping across the table from him, pulling his thoughts back into the room and he became aware of the boisterous laughter of sailors and the tittering of the waterfront women in the Le Havre Inn common room. Stephen lifted his brow inquiringly, fixing her with an even stare.
Her stomach fluttered as the dark-brown eyes locked with hers; her heart melting at the prospect of being possessed by such a man as this. His looks, the likes of which she had never seen before. She trembled under his scrutiny and could not deny the slight fear of him that gnawed at her courage.
She had first seen him a week ago, when he had been caught in the midst of a brawl in this very room. He had been an outsider in the conflict but soon had become drawn in, as had most of the crowd and she had watched him spring into action, giving out and receiving brutal blows. She had stood near the back of the room, away from the battleground and was in awe of his poise. When a full flask of rum had come swooshing toward his head as he turned from dealing out a flattening blow to one man, he had ducked and the flask had shattered against the mirror behind the counter. Leaving the mirror intact but cracked in shards. He had dove at the guilty party with a whoop, catching the man in the midsection and the two had fallen across a table and onto the floor.
Moments later he had leapt to his feet, grasping the man by the collar. The man’s senses had been dimmed by the assault and this blond giant had relieved him of his purse, and after heaving the weighty pouch to the innkeeper, had run the man out to the street.
He had returned to the door of the common room moments later, with his white linen shirt in tatters, the result of the sailor clutching at him to avoid being expelled. He had stripped away the useless garment and with a wide grin and a battle cry, jumped back into the fray. Her breath had caught, when she had seen the sinewy muscled body, darkly bronzed by the sun, lean and rippling with power.
He seemed to enjoy using his fists and he along with the rest, appeared to have had a rousing good time at it. Then afterward, totally exhausted, he had sat with his fellow combatants as they slapped each other upon the back good-naturedly and applauded each other’s prowess with fists as if they were fast friends.
After a time, his eyes had surveyed the women moving amid them, filling their cups and he had grasped Gretchen as she passed, pulling her onto his lap. With a few soft words spoken in her ear, they rose and took their leave up the stairs and Gretchen had had a look of excited anticipation upon her face as she led the way for the handsome foreigner.
He was virile, more extremely masculine than any man she had ever seen. He seemed to fear no man and from what she had heard of him, could have any woman he desired. He was magnificent. With sun lightened blond hair and finely chiseled features. Even with his display of brute strength, she knew Gretchen had lain beneath him and found pleasure there. This was a rare occurrence in the life of a prostitute.
“Monsieur, might I interest you in a bit of entertainment?” she began hesitantly, in English. “For a mere pittance I will make it well worth your time and investment.” She smiled demurely across at him, trying to hide her trepidation.
Stephen smiled slowly at the girl. Her delivery of a proposition could stand some improvement, he mused. She was obviously a newcomer to the profession and if she expected to compete with the lusty women at the inn, she would need to work on her execution.
Looking into the pale-green eyes, to the hope they held, he couldn’t help but be moved, and he did find her mildly interesting. She possessed a full, voluptuous bosom, but the waistline was a bit broad and although she might have served to alleviate his momentary needs, this night he was not in the mood for her grade of entertainment. His mind was on the lovely woman he had met earlier in the day. Her face and figure had left him wanting as he had never known before. Her spirit and fight impressed him no small amount, either. Throughout the afternoon, she had crept into his mind until he could think of nothing else. He had busied himself on deck, catching himself looking aft in hopes of being favored with another glimpse of her. There would be time he had consoled himself. She would be with him for nearly two entire months and the ship was small enough to afford plenty of opportunity.
The woman sat across from him, tensely awaiting his answer. She watched his face as he pondered the transaction. If he agreed, it would mean a meal this night and enough left over for breakfast on the morrow.
Stephen took another brace from his tankard, looking at her across the candle flame. “I am afraid I must decline, my dear. This night my mind is too troubled to think of such sport,” he smiled gently.
Her face sank and her shoulders slumped as she rose, looking about the crowded common room for another.
“But here,” Stephen beckoned her back as he dipped into the pouch at the waist of his breeches. He laid several coins in her palm. “Have your sup on me and keep the change.”
She gazed at him in surprise and looked down at the francs’ she held. “Thank you, Monsieur. You are most generous.” She blushed with gratitude.
“Just see you don’t let that bit of knowledge get around to the rest,” he warned without a trace of a smile.
“No, Monsieur,” she shook her head emphatically and with a curtsy, flounced off, leaving Stephen to his drink.
Downing it in one swig, Stephen rose and made his way from the crowded inn. Walking leisurely along the docks, his mind was once more on the French girl, now residing on his ship.

***

It was a little past midnight when Desiree heard heavy footfalls in the passageway. They slowed just outside her door and then continued on around the corner. She heard a door close and all was quiet but for the creaking of the ship. Presuming it to have been the captain checking to see all was well, she relaxed and tried to drift back to sleep but the visions of the scene today on deck came back to haunt her.
What a beast of a man that Captain Colter was, and now she would be forced to endure his presence for months to come. Had their initial meeting been different, she might well be enjoying the prospect, for he was a most handsome man. She remembered the measured strength of his hands about her, the muscles of his chest and how they had flexed beneath his open shirt. He had a way about him and she had felt his effect.
Lord Desiree! she chided herself mentally. You are a virgin for goodness sake. How can you even entertain such thoughts?
It was some time later when she finally drifted back into a sound, if not peaceful sleep.



Chapter Eight


It seemed but a moment later when Desiree awoke to a light tapping at her door. She looked about the bed and floor for her dressing gown and paused until Bridgett had donned hers also before unlocking the door and opening it slightly. She peeked out and was greeted by Cunningham’s broad smile.
“Morning, Miss. I’ve brought your morning fare. We’ll be shoving off soon. Sorry for the early hour.”
Desiree opened the door, admitting him and glanced around to the small window, where the first gray hues of dawn were appearing. “What time is it?” she inquired.
“Half past five. We will be launching in an hour or so. We must make the most of the morning breeze,” he explained with a smile, placing the tray upon the table. “I’ll leave you to your meal.” He gave a slight bow and closed the door as he left.
Desiree and Bridgett dressed quickly and sat down to their meal. Sipping the hot, strong coffee, Desiree was thankful for the touch of sugar which had been thoughtfully added. She could not abide the brew and the thought of abstaining from tea for two months was unpleasant indeed. She would have to see about the possibility of having tea in the future, she decided.
Within a short time, they were hurrying out of the cabin and climbing the steps to the deck to watch the launching. They were immediately surrounded by a flurry of activity. Men were dashing about, stowing the last of the cargo, while others were making last minute inspections of riggings and sails. The air still held a chill and Desiree pulled the hood of her cloak over her head for added warmth, then finding a spot near the rail where they seemed to be out of the way and had a good vantage, they took in the activity with much interest.
Desiree heard the captain’s voice and turning in that direction, she saw him standing at the helm, giving orders to his men. A chart was spread across the spokes of the tall wheel and he appeared to be discussing the day’s goals with his first mate. He stood to the side of the wheel and Desiree could see his entire frame and she found herself studying him as he bent to his work.
He could not be much older than his early thirties, if that, she decided. He was clean shaven, which was odd for a man of the sea. A growth of beard might have lent to disguising his years, as he was younger, obviously, than his first mate and many of his crew. But he did have a power and strength about him, which demanded respect, and he appeared to have that from his men.
His handsome face darkly bronzed by the sun was striking, framed with his collar length hair. Soft layers gleamed white blond in the early morning brilliance, contrasting attractively with dark brows which arched neatly around those deep brown eyes. His nose was straight, the lips strong, firm and those slight dimples which she knew were rakish and well defined when he smiled. He was ridiculously handsome, nearly flawless she decided with ire.
Her eyes moved lower, noting the uncomplicated style of his clothing, without frills or ruffles. Instead, the sleeves of his tan linen shirt were rolled up to the middle of his forearms. The shirt was buttoned but she was well aware of the muscular chest, lightly furred, hidden from view. Her eyes lowered to the trim hips caught in dark-brown knee breeches which fit very well, she decided. Brown knee boots completed the swashbuckling effect.
Desiree became aware of the fact that she seemed to be studying him much too intently and would have turned away, until she found the captain’s amused regard was upon her. Once having her attention, he grinned roguishly, throwing his arms open toward her in a welcoming gesture. She felt the heat coming from her face, realizing she had been observed and attempting to save what little pride she had left, she lifted her nose in the air and turned away, looking down to the docks below.
Shocked by her own abandon at scrutinizing an almost total stranger so closely, her eyes turned to Bridgett but she had missed the entire occurrence. She was busy watching below as the dock workers released the huge lines from massive cleats and men aboard ship began heaving them up, coiling them upon the deck.
“Mister Davison, Harper, let’s be about the sails, men.” Colter shouted from his helm.
The men hurried about the task of raising the foresails and the morning breeze caught the snowy white sheets and the ship began to hale away from the pier. As they moved past the Dalton, Desiree saw Captain Anderson at his helm, saluting the ship as it passed. Following the train of his eyes, she saw Captain Colter returning the gesture to his friend as they moved out into the Baie de la Seine.
Looking back to her homeland, Desiree sighed heavily. “I can’t believe we are really leaving, Bridgett. I shall miss my home.”
Bridgett put a comforting arm about her shoulders. “There now, my dear. We shall be fine. Think of the adventure we have before us! We shall have so much to do, learning the ways of a new land—you’ll see. You won’t be missing France for long.”
“You are right, of course. I should be excited. It is not often that one has a chance like this,” Desiree smiled courageously.
After leaving the protection of the bay, under full sail, the ship cleaved the rolling waves moving down the channel toward open sea. Desiree remained at the rail most of the morning watching as the coast of France passed by.

***

The preoccupation of the young woman with watching the land gave Stephen Colter ample opportunity to take in her loveliness from his vantage point at the helm. He could see the side of her delicately featured face and just the hint of her figure under the long cloak she held close about her. As he watched, the wind caught in her hood, pulling it from her head and strands of her hair flew free and his breath ceased as he stood in awe of her. The ebony tresses, caught in a mass of loose ringlets cascaded down her back and bluish-highlights shimmered amid the raven in the brilliant morning sun. Her face was finely featured, with ebony brows arched gently from those violet-blue eyes which had enthralled him yesterday. Her cheeks were blooming with healthy color; her full lips seemed to beckon him to sample their sweetness.
He had admitted to himself, through the course of the long sleepless night he had experienced, that she had awakened in him a desire he had not felt for a very long time, if ever. He had tossed and turned upon his pallet while the bewitching woman with the unusual eyes danced before him. In his mind he had tried to imagine what treasures lay beneath the rich clothing, hidden from view. But even his vivid imaginings could not compare, he felt sure.

***

At noon, Bridgett came above deck to retrieve her charge and grudgingly Desiree left the rail and the wonderful sea breeze, with a last look at the green line on the horizon that was France and went below for the midday meal.
It was during the meal when Bridgett felt the first qualms of seasickness. She had been unable to finish her portion and lay down upon her bunk, as the room seemed to spin about her.
“Will you be all right?” Desiree asked with concern, while devouring her own fare. Her appetite had improved, if possible, with the fresh air she had received during her morning.
“I shall be fine, dear. It is something I have become accustomed to. On my journey from England, just across the channel, I became ill. With a longer voyage it lasts a day or two, or so I have heard. Don’t worry about me. I will just try to sleep a bit. Please go up in the sun and enjoy yourself.”
Bridgett smiled but Desiree noted an ashen tinge about her lips. Desiree would have argued the point but knew Bridgett would only make herself feel worse, trying to convince her to go. “Can I get you anything? Anything at all?”
“No, nothing. I’ll be fine. Enjoy your afternoon.” Bridgett closed her eyes, to stop the whirling of the room about her.
Desiree took a book from a small valise near her bunk and closing the door gently, returned to the deck.
She was unable to find a place out of the way to sit and read, but looking toward the quarterdeck she saw that the first mate Davison had assumed the captain’s place and taking a seat on the staircase leading to the helm, she opened her book upon her lap. Davison seemed unaware of her presence and she relaxed.
“I see you have taken well to the sea. No sickness?”
Desiree nearly jumped out of her skin, hearing the words spoken so close to her ear. The captain peered at her through the spindle supports of the banister.
“Please, Captain, don’t sneak up on me. I would appreciate some warning of your presence!” Desiree sneered, looking back to her book, dismissing him.
“Miss Chandelle, I hardly sneaked,” he chuckled, walking around the banister and reclining beside her on the steps.
Desiree fought an urge to jump up and flee. No, she would not back down, although she did slightly adjust her position on the stairs, avoiding contact. The captain seemed not to notice.
“Where is your companion? Won’t she be joining you?” he inquired.
Desiree turned the page, without looking up to meet his eyes. “She is a bit ill. She is resting,” she offered softly.
“I am sorry about our first meeting yesterday but I couldn’t resist teasing you. I hope you will forgive me.”
“Captain Colter, that was no mere teasing, you behaved…” Desiree shook her head, unable to continue.
“Like a cad?” he offered helpfully. “Yes, I fear I played the part rather well didn’t I?” he grinned at her and Desiree looked up into dancing brown eyes, then begrudgingly admired a flash of dimples and white teeth.
“Yes, Monsieur. You do make a remarkably convincing cad. Years of practice I suppose?” she tilted her head, arching one brow and looking at him sidelong.
“Touché, Ma Cherie,” he chuckled, drawing his legs up upon the steps and resting his forearms across his knees, allowing his hands to dangle loosely.
“English, Monsieur. You don’t speak or understand French, remember?” she quipped.
“Perhaps a touch.” He lifted one hand and gestured a pinch with finger and thumb. “So what do you say, can we start anew? I am an awfully nice cad when you get to know me.”
She made no remark, going back to her reading and letting the question go unanswered.
“Well…” he slapped his thighs and rose, facing her with one foot upon the bottom step. “I hope Bridgett feels better soon, Miss Chandelle. I wouldn’t stay up here on deck too long if I were you—you may end up with a terrible burn from the sun.” He reached out as if he was going to lightly touch the tip of her petite nose with his finger, chuckling as she pulled back from him.
“Thank you for your concern, Captain. I will try and limit my outings on deck,” she said stiffly but with slightly less malice. He had apologized, which was at least something.
“Enjoy your book.”
He bounded up the steps and within moments Davison walked down to go about his other duties.
Desiree sat with the book open upon her lap, looking to anyone watching as if she were enthralled with its contents but she might as well have been staring at a blank page. She could not even attempt to read. She knew the captain was there, just above her, and she could almost feel his eyes upon her back. After what seemed an eternity but had actually only been a few minutes, she closed her book and strolled off to the cabin below.
It had been with great effort that she had managed to stay put for that length of time. She heaved a sigh of relief as she leaned against the wall of the companionway. Well, at least he knew she would not go screaming below to safety when faced with his mere presence. Perhaps she would be able to hold her own against this Captain Colter after all.



Chapter Nine


Bridgett recovered from her sea sickness the third day out and with the abundance of time for talking, Desiree and she spent some of that excess learning a few details which normal everyday life in France had not permitted. It was one such occasion while sitting at the small table in their cabin when Desiree decided to broach the subject of Bridgett’s life prior to becoming her nurse. Desiree cupped her chin in her hand, watching Bridgett make intricate stitches in a complex needlework project.
“Bridgett, what was it like for you growing up in England?” she asked brightly.
Bridgett glanced up from her sewing. “Not nearly as pleasant as your life in France I’m sorry to say, dear.”
“Why is that?” Desiree prodded.
Bridgett fastened the needle onto the cloth and laid aside her work. Her pale-blue eyes held Desiree’s solemnly and Desiree sensed sadness upon the gentle face.
“Life in England when I was young was hard for all, dear. It still is for that matter but is improving. The government was forever in conflicts—where these days, as in France, most of the population lives comfortably with few rich and few poor. In my early life we had the distinction of having few even comfortable, only the very rich and the very poor. Most fell into the second category. My own family fell into the second,” she finished softly.
“But Bridgett, you can read, you are well educated, you speak two languages and your French is flawless. How could you have learned such without attending schools?”
“Oh I found ways to attend, dear. I will leave it at that. I don’t wish to discuss it further,” she stated flatly and by her tone of voice, Desiree could do nothing but let it drop.
“I’m sorry, Bridgett. I shouldn’t have pried. I have no right.”
Bridgett reached for her hand and patted it gently. “Perhaps one day we can talk of it, child. I didn’t mean to sound cross. You don’t want to hear of my troubled youth. I found my way to you and your family and have been happy ever since. That’s what matters to me. Now, I would much rather hear of this marriage proposal you received from Rene'. Why didn’t you tell me of this sooner?” her face brightened and she leaned forward in her chair expectantly.
“I hadn’t told anyone.”
“What exactly did you tell him? Oh Desiree, you couldn’t do much better than that young man. I think I have always enjoyed him most. He is so level headed, intelligent and handsome. He adores you, you know, and always has. I’m not saying the others haven’t, but Antoine is still a boy at heart and Honore’ has a wicked streak, I swear!” she said with a laugh.
“I suppose, Honore’ does love to use his fists,” Desiree conceded. “But he is quite gentle where women are concerned and I think Antoine has grown up much in the past year. They are all fine men and I love each of them,” she stated, quickly defending them. “But I could not marry Rene’ with clear conscience, Bridgett. I fear I would ruin his life. I know him too well. We would probably be at each other’s throats before a fortnight passed…”
“You are too comfortable with men, my dear!” Bridgett interrupted. “Don’t you see this? You need to hold yourself more in reserve. Act coyly and allow them to court you…”
“Please, Bridgett! Not this again! I cannot be anything but what I am. And I will not be a conniving little twit like Nicole or Anna Marie. I cannot abide such behavior! I would not trade what I have with Rene’ or the others for anything. They care for me—they are my friends and they will be so my entire life. I shall find a man someday—have no fear! But when I do find that man, it shall be an honest relationship, for eventually the façade must drop and I must be myself. I would rather be myself from the onset!”
Desiree rose from the table and snatched a book from her bed, returning to sit with it before her face thus ending the conversation which had turned to that vein she had learned to avoid. Bridgett shook her head with a sigh and took up her needlework once more and the room was silent for quite some time.

***

After two weeks at sea, even talking had become monotonous and the two had exhausted their reading materials. They had brought several volumes at Madeleine Roche’s insistence and indeed they were thankful for them. By the beginning of the second week, they had read four weighty books between the two of them.
The days seemed to drag by endlessly and it was this endless boredom which provoked Desiree to become an eager companion to the first mate John Davison, Ham and even the captain himself. She had come to enjoy the captain immensely. Under his formidable façade he was really quite gentle and kind. She was never one to carry a grudge and so had decided to mend their rift and give him the benefit of the doubt concerning their initial meeting.
Each day she would casually stroll about the ship, watching with interest as the men performed their daily duties. Often she could be found peering over someone’s shoulder, asking questions or the men would find themselves stopping during their day as she prodded them into light conversation about their families.

***

Bridgett fretted silently from the rail as she watched Desiree and the captain at the helm. Desiree stood before him, grasping the large wheel in her hands, while he instructed her on the handling of the ship. Bridgett feared what kind of impression Desiree might be giving this ship full of sailors. Most were not accustomed to a beautiful woman so full of questions and so at ease in the company of men.
Bridgett knew also, from her own encounters, that they were all well-mannered and she had not heard a foul word uttered in her presence or Desiree’s. No, she did not actually fear for Desiree. They were all respectful and treated her in a most honorable manner, but Bridgett was not so certain of the young captain. Oh, he was as decent as the next. He seemed to be a fine man, but she could not help but feel perhaps Desiree might be headed for trouble where he was concerned although she kept telling herself she was being irrational and overprotective.
It seemed to have always been Desiree’s nature. Inquisitive, trusting and comfortable with men from the onset, when given half a chance and her uncanny ability to turn men into her protectors had quickly become evident aboard ship.
It was as though before a man would sense it happening, he would be wrapped firmly about her finger and unable to flee. She could turn even the most ardent to one of two categories—father or brother. Bridgett had witnessed this occurrence more times than she could count over recent years. A young man bent on winning her hand would soon be turned to friend and confidant, looking to her well-being against all who might cause her harm. And as each fell to the magic cast upon them, they would realize too late the folly, for their original goals seemed ridiculous to even entertain. But it had always been young men before, boys really, and now she was watching her charge single-handedly take over an entire ship of full-grown men. The older men fell first, admiring her with a fatherly pride in their eyes but a few were within ten years of Desiree’s own age and even at that, the whole lot of them had become her trusted friends.
Somehow Desiree turned the tables so that the beauty and womanly allure which drew men to her as moths to a flame became secondary to her wit and charm and the friendly comradery she shared unselfishly with all.



Chapter Ten


Early morning soon became Desiree’s favorite time to be about. The crew was at a minimum, most still abed below in the crew quarters, making for a quiet, peaceful time to be alone and enjoy the sea. She had begun to feel as if she had never been anywhere but here. The sea, the wind and the rolling ship beneath her were familiar. More of a home than even thoughts of France and the people and places she had left behind.
She leaned against the rail, feeling the fresh cool wind upon her face. Her eyes were on the pink-tinged clouds as the rising sun spilled upon them. As she watched, the small puffs drifted slowly across the sky and seemed to be swallowed up by the sea at the edge of the horizon. But for one sailor seated near the main mast, busy repairing a coil of rope, Desiree was alone in her observance of the day dawning.
Footsteps along the deck caused her to glance around to see who might be intruding upon her solitude. Captain Colter strode by from the direction of the bow. With a bright smile and a salute he passed her, heading for the helm. When he stopped briefly to speak with the sailor, Desiree took the opportunity to admire him unobserved and thought to herself how this was truly a fine man. He seemed to become more so, as the days progressed; the obvious attributes being enhanced by the fact that he was charming, witty, informative, and a good conversationalist. He was very sure of himself and of his place on his ship, fully in control and at peace with the ocean world around him.
It had been two days ago now, on a cool gloomy afternoon with the wind whipping up small whitecaps and the sky an ashen gray spitting a light mist, when Desiree had spotted an eerie sight off the starboard side of the ship; a column reaching from the low hanging gray clouds to the surface of the sea. Although a great distance away, it appeared huge with the rapidly swirling rotation clearly evident to the naked eye.
“Dear God, what is it?” Bridgett had whispered, with marked terror upon her face.
Desiree had no idea herself. It seemed to be some kind of monster. The narrow end of the column was dipping wildly in and out of the sea. They looked about for someone who could explain and Captain Colter had been at their sides in an instant; his smile, dispelling her own fears at once, while Bridgett continued to quake.
“Ladies, this is a rare treat indeed. That is what we call a spout. It is a wind phenomenon of some kind we have concluded. No one knows for sure. No one has encountered one at close range and lived to tell about it. I’ve heard of ships being ripped to shreds by one of those brutes!” He leaned against the rail, pointing out at the rotating gray monster. “See there? It appears to be growing smaller, more distant? It’s moving in the opposite direction of us. I made sure of that. All that can be done is to try and move out of their way when you see one coming for you.”
“It looks like a living thing. It has mass or appears to,” she had commented.
He had looked at her thoughtfully and she had smiled softly at his warm regard. The deep-brown eyes had a strange light to them, as if he were seeing her for the first time.
“It does appear so but it is an illusion. I once was able to watch the forming of one and it is wind, drawing water up from the ocean, which gives it consistency. The Puritans, of whom you will soon become familiar in the New World believed it to be a sign from God. They would have turned back for home had they been in control of their ships! They believed God was laying a finger down from the heavens to smite whoever dared to cross the sea. Of course that is total nonsense. It is a natural phenomenon. The world is full of nature’s wonders we have yet to understand,” he assured, with a wink.
“If not for your sensible explanation, I would be inclined to agree with the Puritans,” Bridgett had laughed self-consciously, embarrassed at being so quick to panic.
“Rest assured dear woman, at all costs I shall see you both safely to your destination. Sea monsters or no sea monsters!” he had chuckled and went on his way.
His boldness and calm that day had done much for Desiree’s opinion of him. She felt more at ease knowing that he was in control of their well-being.
She observed him now, as he spoke with his man. His tall, lean body was clothed in a light-blue linen shirt and gray knee breeches, which clung to narrow hips and long straight legs above black boots. A strange stirring which had been coming alive in her lately surfaced again. The handsome face, now familiar, almost endeared, brought a smile to her lips and she was becoming at odds with her feelings about this Stephen Colter, almost as if spellbound by infatuation. The captain concluded his conversation and went briskly down the ship toward the helm, while Desiree pulled her attention from him and went back to her solitude.

***

Standing at the helm and checking the course charted overnight by the terrestrial, Stephen’s gaze came up to find Desiree where he had last seen her, at the rail, watching the morning dawning. He noticed the bright green ribbon intertwined in her hair, standing out stark against the raven. The emerald gown clung to her body at the waist, falling away to the lush layers of her skirt and his eyes raked her form, trying for the thousandth time to imagine how she must look unclad. Her tiny waist was made for a man’s hands and the slim, well-turned hips set fires to burning inside him.
She had warmed to him considerably during their weeks at sea, enjoying his company and he had to admit that, he too, enjoyed hers tremendously. Much more than rare beauty was part of Desiree Chandelle and he had found her to be a fascinating woman. She was well-versed, intelligent and had her own well-formed opinions on a wide range of topics, which he found refreshing; no empty-headed debutante was she! She had a very easy nature and the fact that he was a man never seemed to enter into her mind. To watch the gentle swing of her hips or a hint of a smile playing about her exquisite mouth nearly brought him to his knees, but she thought of him as merely a companion.
He had been raised to be a gentleman. He’d never forced himself upon a woman, but then he had never been denied any woman he had desired. That had been fairly simple to attain but now this woman he wanted more than he had ever wanted a woman in his life and he was being denied. His mind was becoming muddled searching for the key which would unlock this treasure chest, short of simple rape. She flounced about him, as a child about her father, unknowingly becoming in danger of his full-blown passion being unbridled upon her. How could a woman of such beauty, such wit and intelligence, be so totally naïve? It was beyond him.

***

Desiree turned from the rail and walked along the deck, looking to Stephen’s gaze upon her. She sauntered playfully, hand riding along the rail as she mounted the steps, joining him at his helm.
“Where are we Stephen?” she asked, looking at the chart before him. She leaned over across from him and his breath caught in his throat, seeing a display of satiny white flesh from her décolletage. Her full breasts strained against the soft emerald cloth, almost in danger of spilling out it seemed.
“Stephen, where are we on this map? That is the colonies, isn’t it?” she pointed to the likeness and smiled brightly but then tilted her head with a quizzical frown when he still gave no response.
“Yes, ah, by last night’s terrestrial we are here,” he pointed out the location. “We still have well over two fort nights of sailing before us.” He rolled up the chart hastily—the effect of her unknowing display awesome! He could actually feel heat coming from his face. My God—she has me blushing like a school boy! he fumed silently.
“Tell me of the colonies, Stephen. Have you been there often?” Desiree queried sweetly, oblivious to his unrest.
She was once again the student and he her teacher. Somehow, just how he was not sure, he had allowed her to become unaware of him but for his mentoring abilities. Her form cried out that she was a woman and yet, in her mind, any man who took an interest in her would conveniently become her uncle or brother or teacher. She had worked her magic on every man aboard. All aghast at her beauty and yet amazed by her naïve innocence. She was the most perplexing woman he had ever met, and the most desirable. She waited now for an answer, with her hand cupped beneath her chin and her arm resting atop the binnacle, gazing up into his eyes patiently.
“What would you like to know, my sweet?” he sighed heavily with resignation.
“Will it be much like France? Are there balls? Are the fashions of the women similar? Do they have theatres or opera houses?” she reeled off a string of questions with excitement.
“My dear Desiree, you are going to the colonies with expectations much too high if you fancy yourself at balls, court life, performing arts and fine coaches to see you about. The colonies are little more than wilderness, even at this point. Oh, things have come along greatly but it will be possibly centuries before it can compare with the Old World. They have had many obstacles to overcome.” He chuckled at her expression of disgust and unable to resist, reached out, fingering a stray lock of hair which had fallen over her shoulder. He pulled back from the silky tress, overwhelmed by guilt. Her eyes were blinking up at him innocently while his thoughts were anything but innocent.
“You will be staying in a port town. You are lucky on that count. But most of the upper colonies are rather prudish. No theatre or balls. Not so many years ago, you might well have found yourself with your head and hands in stocks displayed for public humiliation due to your rich, costly clothing. Thanks to the religious fanatics. Taverns and drinking have only recently become commonplace. If you happen to see a poor fellow with a D branded into his forehead, you will know he most certainly was charged as a drunkard in years past.”
“Mon Dieu!” Desiree gasped. “You are certain it has changed?”
“Fear not, my sweet. You have heard how it was, now you can be pleasantly surprised by the improvements, bleak though they still may seem, compared with France,” he laughed.

***

Evenings had become a terrible bore for Bridgett and Desiree. As the sun waned, they were forced to light candles about the cabin, making reading drudgery in the inadequate light. They had begun retiring early, for lack of better pastimes, until one night an invitation had come from the captain to join him in his quarters for dinner and it had quickly become the high point of their days. Many pleasant evenings were spent in his company, sharing conversation and an occasional game of cards or chess.
Stephen found himself trying to teach the women the most basic theory behind games of chance and skill. Never having the inclination or opportunity to learn such things, they struggled to comprehend. Or at least they appeared to struggle. He wasn’t convinced that either of them had as much trouble understanding as they professed.
One such evening, while he explained the basics of chess, Desiree and Bridgett giggled, teary-eyed with mirth. Desiree was making it as difficult for him as possible, he felt certain.
“Now these are your kings, queens, pawns, knights,” he began, pointing out each piece while attempting to explain their movements and limitations.
“Why, I don’t believe this looks one little bit like our dear Louie!” Desiree interrupted, picking up the tooled cherry-wood king and examining it closely by candlelight for a resemblance. She pursed her lips, shaking her head. “Absolutely no likeness whatsoever, it is much too thin for Louie. What do you think Bridgett?”
Desiree placed the small figure into Bridgett’s hand for her scrutiny and then squelched a giggle, catching Stephen’s expression of disbelief over their ridiculous perusal of the piece.
“Definitely not our King. There is not a single trace of a likeness! Captain Colter you have been taken, I am afraid,” Bridgett announced, shaking her head in mock sympathy.
“Ladies, please!” Stephen groaned, rubbing his brow as if pained. He sighed heavily, then snatched the figure from Bridgett’s hand with exaggerated effort. “If you are going to continue with this foolery, then I refuse to try and instruct you further!”
He set the piece back upon the board firmly, giving Desiree a stern scowl when she laughed at him. Then he sat back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest and waited silently for them to finish their merrymaking.
Desiree finally gave in and reached out to pat his shoulder consolingly. “Forgive me Captain. I honestly do wish to learn. I shall behave, I promise,” she said with feeling, until he gave her a comical look from beneath lowered brows, causing her to burst into giggles once more.
“You will be quiet and listen?” he scowled, not quite convincing either of them of his anger. Desiree grinned and crossed her heart with an overstated nod of her head. He looked to Bridgett and she too, nodded enthusiastically.
“All right, but I am only going over this once, so pay attention,” he warned, leaning forward over the playing board once more.
Desiree studied his face while he was engrossed in his instruction and was totally consumed with affection for this man. At every turn, he showed a bit more of himself. Showing his affable manner, good-naturedness and quick wit and she wanted nothing more than to be in his company. With each day and each week that passed, she felt herself being drawn to him, more and more. She found also, that when she was not seeking him out, he seemed to be seeking her. In but a few short weeks, they had surpassed even her relationship with Rene’, which had taken years to acquire.



Chapter Eleven


Desiree leaned next to Stephen at the helm. He held the spokes of the large wheel loosely, as the ship moved smooth and even, running with the wind. The sails were taut, with a steady draw and the moaning and creaking of the timbers was comforting, almost like a soothing symphony of winds and strings. It was a quiet, peaceful time for the crew of the Windward.
“Stephen?” Desiree questioned, smiling coyly up into his eyes.
“Ah-huh.” he replied, raising his brows expectantly.
“I have never asked before but—are you married?”
Desiree watched as his face lit up with his usual engaging grin. “Would I be paying such constant attention to you if I were?” he asked in return.
“That is not an answer,” she gently rebuked him.
“No, Desiree. I am not married.” His grin mellowed to a lazy smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, “Why the sudden curiosity as to my marital status? You wouldn’t be setting your sights on me would you?”
His outrageously cocky grin returned when her mouth fell open in surprise and she snapped, “I was simply making conversation and a very common inquiry! I am not one to set my sights on any man!” she lifted her nose, expressing a definite snub and whirled around to depart.
Stephen reached out, grasping her arm to halt her departure and chuckled warmly. “Here, come now, don’t go. I apologize.”
She looked up into eyes which were sincere but it irritated her how he thought her capable of such schemes. She felt he should know by now that she would never even think along those lines. She had spent so many years detesting that very trait in girls who were her peers that to be accused of the same was a grave insult. He had spoken it lightly as a jest, but the thought had irked her just the same. It took her a few moments of angry brooding before her mood regained its gaiety and she ventured to ask him another question.
“Would you tell me of your homeland, Stephen? You are obviously not from Europe, unless England but then your accent is odd, even for there.”
Stephen watched as she pulled her flowing hair over her shoulder, twisting it and held it with one hand to prevent its whipping about in the wind. He admired the long white column of her throat with undisguised pleasure. With her head tilted slightly to one side and soft alluring eyes slanting up at him, he felt a warming in his loins. He regarded her for a moment thoughtfully before forcing his longing, once more, to the back of his mind.
“My family originally was from England as a matter of fact, but many years ago. My parents, as a young couple, set off from England for the New World; more or less on the northern route we are taking now but a storm blew their column of ships far off course.” He pointed off port, to the south. “The ship went down on a treacherous coral reef which surrounds the Bermuda Islands, a reef that has claimed many a ship. My parents were stranded on one of the islands and fell in love with the tropical charm. They stayed on and bought rights to some land from the British, trading rights from the Virginia Company, and my father built a merchant trade with the West Indies, Europe, the colonies and now the Orient. Three brothers and I were born on the isle hence my diminished accent.” He gazed into the violet-blue eyes contemplating him. “Does that satisfy your curiosity, my sweet?”
Desiree nodded with a smile, feeling close to him for his openness.
“So!” Stephen said, flashing a grin. “Now you must tell me of your life. Tell me of your family and your home.” He paused as he saw a shadow of pain cross her face and her eyes lowered. Slowly she walked around to the opposite side of the binnacle, releasing her hair to fly free in the wind and stroking the smooth glass of the large compass.
“What is it, Desiree? Your eyes have lost their light. Don’t you wish to tell me of your home?”
Desiree brought her eyes up to meet his. Puzzlement was evident on his handsome face. “It isn’t that Stephen. It still seems too fresh to talk of, at least certain things, but let me see…” Her face brightened. “I am from just outside the town of Rouen, on the Seine. Not far from Le Havre, where we first met.” She crinkled her eyes accusingly, remembering that first meeting.
Stephen lifted both hands from the wheel, palms toward her as if surrendering. He grinned with a shrug of his broad shoulders and took hold of the wheel again. He lifted his brows and pointed a finger at her. “Rouen—cotton and woolens!” he announced, proud of his limited knowledge of the busy little town.
“Oui, for years my father has exported those very items. You might well have been doing business with him unknowingly. Aside from that, the only distinction of Rouen is the fact that Joan of Arc burned at the stake in our town, centuries ago.”
“Aye, I’ve heard of that story. Not a very honorable distinction for your home,” he quipped with a wry smile.
“True Captain, it is not but then—it was you English who did the deed,” Desiree reminded him.
“But what of your family? Have you a throng of beautiful sisters at home?” he leered slyly but his mood sobered as he watched a tear slip down her lovely face. The full lips trembled slightly.
“I’m afraid…”she murmured and wiped her eyes impatiently. “I am sorry, Stephen but you see, I have no family at all.” She wiped at her eyes again, angered by her inability to stop the flow.
Stephen slapped at the back of his breeches and the pocket of his shirt, searching for a kerchief but she shook her head, digging through the folds of her skirt, finding her pocket and producing a white lace handkerchief. She wiped her eyes and tried to smile but instead, it turned to a trembling frown.
“I never used to cry so easily but of late it is all I seem to do. I am so embarrassed.”
He shook his head with a gentle and concerned expression. “Don’t be silly, Desiree.”
She sighed a trembling breath and continued bravely. “I have no brothers or sisters and just weeks prior to our setting sail my parents were both killed in a carriage accident.” She looked out over the blue-green water, taking another deep breath and turned back to him. He waited patiently, understanding of her pauses. “Murdered—they were both murdered. It was discovered that the axle had been tampered with intentionally and just days later our home was burnt to the ground. Someone meant for me to perish in the blaze, for I was left unconscious in an upstairs room. Bridgett and Mary our housekeeper rescued me from certain death. We have no clue as to who wishes me dead.” She slowly walked back to stand at his side. “That is my reason for this excursion. It is unsafe for me in France,” she finished with a sad smile.
On impulse, Stephen reached out and pulled her to him. “I am so very sorry, Desiree. I had no idea,” he whispered softly, with his lips touching her silken hair at the crown of her head. His arm slipped over her shoulder and across her back, resting about her waist, feeling compelled to comfort her with no underlying motive.
Desiree allowed herself to relax against his solid frame, feeling the sturdiness of his body against her. She rested her cheek upon his chest and the slow, steady pounding of his heart brought a sense of warmth to her, secure and sheltering. She felt at home in his embrace.
After a brief minute Desiree pulled back, feeling more in control. “Forgive me for my tears Stephen and the damper I seem to have put upon our afternoon. Please excuse me. I believe I shall go to my cabin for a while.”
She lifted on her toes, her hands lightly resting upon his shoulders as she placed a light kiss upon first one cheek and then the other and walked down the steps, disappearing beneath the sterncastle.
Stephen watched her decent and had an urge to follow her, to hold her within his arms and wash away all the sadness. He felt distressed by her distress, oddly, his thoughts unselfish, wanting only to see her happy. It was a strange revelation of a deep regard for her, as a person and loving companion.

***

Desiree sat at the table, a warm cup of tea held before her lips, as she lightly blew to cool the steaming liquid. Her eyes lifted to Bridgett who was seated across from her and the concern was obvious upon her nurse’s face as she watched her tears slip down her cheeks, unchecked.
“I am fine, truly I am. I told the captain of my parents, bringing the pain a bit too close to the surface. I shall be fine,” she assured, sipping from her cup.



Chapter Twelve


After more than a month of perfect weather, this morning had heralded bright enough. The sun was warm and brilliant in its intensity. Desiree stood at the helm rail, as always of late, near Stephen as he fought for control of the ship with the heaving sea. To the northwest a black blanket of angry clouds slowly spread, intending without doubt to cover the entire sky.
“It shall be upon us soon!” Stephen called, above the singing of the wind in the sails.
Desiree braced herself against the railing as the ship heaved beneath her. The sea churned at an ever-increasing pitch, plunging and rising, sending her stomach into a squeamish lurching. She watched as water began breaking over the bow in a fine spray. The vessel seemed to drop into large holes on the ocean surface, only to haul back up to the crest, before plunging once more into a trough.
Desiree turned from the sickening movement to face Stephen with her hand clutched over her stomach. Stephen chuckled but the sound was carried away in the wind and she frowned at his amused smile.
“How long will the sea be like this?” she shouted, moving to grasp the binnacle at a momentary lull before a plunge.
“It has only begun, my sweet.” He surveyed the rapidly approaching storm, now able to see streaks of lightening slashing through the menacing clouds. “This could go on for days! Desiree you had best make your way below, before those clouds are upon us,” he said with a grin, watching her wince with another buck of the ship.
She nodded, turning away but turned back. “You will be careful, won’t you?” she asked, unsure of why she should feel concerned.
“No worries, Desiree. This will pass; they always do,” he smiled reassuringly.
She turned and made her way once more to the railing and she slowly walked to the stairs. She glanced back at Stephen, shouting above the roaring wind. “Days?” she asked, unable to bear the thought.
Stephen’s eyes gleamed with warmth, taking in her enchanting beauty. With a slow nod, he smiled softly and Desiree rolled her eyes with a shake of her head and then moved down the stairs disappearing below. The smile slowly waned from Stephen’s lips and he grew serious, as he watched the boiling blackness racing toward them.

***

The wind gained force throughout the day. By midday the sun seemed to have set. The only light, a dark leaden gray which masked any horizon and the ocean took on the same dark ashen hues beneath frothing whitecaps. A fine mist began to fall.
Stephen relinquished the helm briefly at around noon, going below to don foul weather gear; his much used leather jacket and long breeches, tanned to repel water. He sat to a quick meal, downed a warm cup of coffee and then headed back up on deck, to prepare to do battle with the sea.
By dusk, the wind grew to a ferocious pitch and the rain cut like small barbs into exposed flesh. Stephen and his first mate Davison remained at the helm as men set the sails, bringing in most of the sheets but the forward tops and the ship dug its heels into the wind or tacked leeward as the dance began. The sea plunged over the bow, sending a shower of chill droplets against the men as they set about running up or bringing down the sails in response to the roll of the ship. Lifelines were secured on deck from mast to mast and the battle against the gale began in earnest.

***

Night closed in with a pitch-blackness which engulfed the sea. Not a star or the slightest hint of the moon broke through the dense cloud cover. Within their cabin, lanterns pierced the blackness where Bridgett and Desiree fought to stay upright against the pitching and yawing. The timbers creaked and moaned as if they would be torn asunder and the combination of elements caused Bridgett to become dizzy and nauseated and she crouched upon her bunk, leaning against the wall. Her face was white and tense as she tried desperately to keep the room in proper focus. Desiree also had no choice but to sit upon her bed, where it was becoming increasingly difficult to stay astride, as the ship was tossed like a leaf upon the raging sea.
With his hair wildly mussed and soaking wet and his leather clothing dripping puddles upon the wooden floor, Ham entered carrying a tray bearing their evening fare. Desiree made her way to the table and seated herself, eyeing the unappetizing contents. Salt pork and hard rolls; obviously the cook was unable to do more with the intense storm raging.
“Ladies, I am afraid this meager fare will have to do for now, until the storm abates,” Ham confirmed as he wiped droplets of water from his face and with a smile, he turned to go.
Bridgett joined Desiree and the two grabbed the tray to keep it from slipping off the table as the ship tilted sharply.
“Ham, are we in danger? Is this storm unusual?” Desiree asked.
Ham stopped at the door, turning back to face them. He slapped at his wet clothing with a wide grin. “No, it’s not unusual and don’t fret, as it is well in hand. We have weathered far worse than this! At least it is spring! Storms on the Atlantic in winter, now those are a seaman’s nightmare. This—” he held his arms out, with eyes upturned as if looking into the angry sky, “this is but a bit of amusement. A welcome break in the monotony, don’t you think?” he chuckled at their open-mouthed surprise. “Best get back, ladies. Enjoy your meal. I regret it couldn’t be more.” He stomped out, closing the door firmly behind him.
“He acts as though anxious to get back to a party,” Bridgett observed with a puzzled frown.
Desiree nibbled at a hard roll. “Well at least he seems at ease with the situation. I’m sure we have nothing to fear,” she said with conviction and then just as she uttered the words, the ship bucked, nearly tossing her from her chair to the tilting floor.

***

It was well into the night when Desiree awoke, unable to find a reason for her waking. The ship moaned about her but she realized it was a bit calmer, the motion was more even and the driving rain against the window had abated. She sat up, still fully clothed, and she felt refreshed although it was hours yet until dawn. Footsteps sounded in the hall and she moved quickly to the door, opening it abruptly.
Stephen stopped, turning back and frowning at Desiree, who leaned out the door with an impish grin.
“Hello, Captain,” she sighed happily.
“What the devil are you doing up?” he whispered, unbuttoning his coat, while walking back to her. “Do you know how late it is?”
In the soft light from a single lantern swinging in the hall, Desiree saw his eyes were darkly circled and reddened from strain and water. His hair was in dark waves, gleaming with moisture and a day’s growth of beard shadowed his jaw. “You look exhausted. Have you been at the helm this whole time?”
“Aye,” Stephen answered, rubbing his hands wearily across his burning eyes.
“Is the storm over then?”
“We are going to have rough seas for a day or two but for the most part,” he nodded, leaning against the wall across from her resting his back which was weary from hours of strain at the helm. “But tell me—what are you doing up? Couldn’t you sleep with the storm?”
“As a matter of fact, it didn’t bother me in the least. The calming of the sea brought me awake. Now I fear I am up for the night!” she confessed with a laugh.
Stephen chuckled with a shake of his head. “Well, you had best go back and try to sleep, for I have no intention of standing here and entertaining you love, as much as I would care to.”
He pushed off the wall and standing before her with a gentle smile, reached out and touched her face with his hand, his thumb caressing her chin. He leaned forward and very gently kissed the corner of her mouth. “Good night, Desiree.”
He walked off around the corner, his boots squeaking with a good measure of water sloshing within and Desiree watched him until he rounded the corner, then she closed the door, returning to her narrow bed. She relaxed with a heavy sigh, forcing her eyes shut but they opened once more and she looked about the blackness for something to focus on. Unable to discern any object, her gaze wandered to the small slit of light under the door and she watched it flash brighter and weaker with the movement of the lantern.
She had been hoping to see Stephen all through the long day and now that she had seen him for a brief moment, she was left wanting for him. She never seemed to grow tired of his presence, no matter how much time was spent in his company. Even as much as she had always cared for her friends at home, she had never, ever, yearned for their presence. She would go weeks at a time without seeing them and be unconcerned. So here she was, with this man, day after day and there was no reason for the want of his nearness.
Perhaps it was the boredom of the long voyage but then again, perhaps not. There was the slight fluttering of her heart when she would touch him or be touched by him. Such as the innocent kiss he had just bestowed upon her. Even to look up and find his eyes upon her as he would be going about his duties—a warm glow, transcending casual eye contact would fill her.
She had never been in love and had not an inkling of what love felt like. She had loved many men in her life, had had an abundance of affectionate embraces, chaste kisses, this was not new to her; but never had her breath come to a trembling halt at a mere glance. Never had a touch set her heart to racing, nor had a kiss made her yearn for something more. Something she couldn’t even name or understand.
What would Rene’ or the others think of this Captain Colter as a possible suitor, she wondered? They had never, to date, approved of a single man as her mate. They always had a bit of lewd information on the prospect’s character or would doubt their sincerity and their motives. It had been a thorn in her father’s side for some time. Although he had mellowed his stance on arranged marriages and had promised her the choice would be hers when she felt inclined to choose, he did not appreciate her friends dissuading her from possible suitors.
Once at a ball in Paris, she had been disenchanted with a very wealthy young son of a baron, thanks to Honore’. He had insisted that the man had a deplorable roving eye and had most of the elegant courtesans of Paris as his companions. She had relayed this bit of information to her father upon their return to their rooms after the ball and as she had mounted the stairs to her suite, he had bellowed so loud that the crystal chandelier in the main hall fairly shook.
“Honore’ said such, eh? Well blast it then, why doesn’t he or one of those other so perfect young bucks stop dawdling and request your hand themselves?”
She had giggled at his ire, shaking her head as she continued up the steps. “Papa, they are only looking out for my welfare.”
“Ha!” had been his reply.
Her mind began wandering now, down whimsical paths, imaging attending balls in Paris, with all the elite of French aristocracy. She would enter on the arm of her dashing sea captain and he would hold her in his strong embrace and they would float about the room to the music of the Royal Symphony playing softly in accompaniment. She could imagine sitting amid the wildflowers in the lush meadows on the upper plateau of her estate, with Stephen at her side, speaking softly their innermost thoughts or he reading her prose.
As her eyes closed, all of the sudden too heavy to remain open, her imaginings changed to the ridiculous and the obscure. He as a gallant knight on horseback, coming to her rescue from some menace with sword drawn; then holding her within his arms before him on his white charger, as he carried her to safety. He would take her hand and pledge his love to her. He would kiss her gently and Desiree drifted off to sleep, carried away by her girlish romantic dreams.



Chapter Thirteen


Soft lamplight cast shadows about the cabin and the smell of scented soap permeated the room. Desiree reclined against the side of a round, makeshift tub, which until their arrival had been a cask. But the contents had been removed and the cask sawed in half, as a gift from the crew to the women.
For the men, bathing was a simple matter of dumping cold seawater over their bodies, washing and rinsing, right on deck; at which times, the ladies were asked to remain below. Desiree would listen to the whoops and hollers as the chill water doused them and would feel very thankful for this small tub.
Although the tub was small, while she was draped across its expanse, it felt extremely large. She languished in the heavenly feeling, for bathing usually consisted of a washstand and sea water which did much in the way of cleansing but left much to be desired as far as comfort. On this occasion the water was fresh, thanks to Ham and the barrels he had placed upon deck which had reaped the harvest of a morning shower.
By the time Desiree dragged herself grudgingly from the exhilarating liquid, the sky had grown dark. Reaching beside the tub for a towel and wrapping it about her body, she stepped over the side, patting herself dry.
“Oh that felt wonderful! Shall I have warm water added for you?” she asked, patting an arm dry.
“Not this evening, dear. I fear I may be coming down with a cold. I am a bit under the weather,” Bridgett replied. She sat at the table near a lamp with a book open upon her lap.
“Are you feeling terribly?” Desiree asked with concern, touching her hand to Bridgett’s brow and detecting a slight warmth.
“I shall be fine, just a touch achy and tired. I am sure a good night’s rest will do me wonders.”
“You won’t be feeling up to dining with the captain, I take it?”
“I think not. I will turn in early I believe,” Bridgett sighed with a weary smile.
“I shall see about having something sent in for us,” Desiree offered.
“No, dear. Nothing for me. I simply have no appetite.”
Having bathed, Desiree felt too energetic to simply don her nightclothes and retire for the evening. She wanted to see Stephen and she wanted conversation.
“Bridgett, would you mind terribly if I were to dine with the captain?” she ventured hesitantly, while she opened the armoire to select a gown. Her mind was already set.
“My dear, that would be most improper, yourself in a man’s quarters—unchaperoned! I think it would be best if you stay in for the evening,” Bridgett firmly suggested.
“Oh Bridgett, you cannot be serious! Stephen is my friend. I have nothing to fear from the good captain,” she giggled in amusement at the absurdity of it.
In her mind, the man she had first met so long ago on the deck of this very ship no longer existed. It was as if it had been a fluke when he had behaved so badly. The reality of anything unsavory happening was beyond her comprehension.
But Bridgett recognized the hungry look she had glimpsed in his eyes when he was unaware of her observance. Although he was a gentleman, to be sure, he was a lusty man and Bridgett could guess that after the long voyage his baser needs were coming dangerously close to the surface. It was the way with all men of the sea, out for months at a time. But this situation held an added danger because he wanted Desiree and Desiree trusted him. Bridgett could not shake the likening of Desiree to a small rabbit, unknowingly about to be caught in a snare.
“Desiree, I cannot forbid your dining with the captain, of course. I simply ask that you reconsider. It is not proper,” she stressed.
“Bridgett, you rest and do not worry yourself. I shall be fine, truly!” Desiree said brightly.
Desiree had dressed as they spoke, in a gown of deep burgundy satin, trimmed about the bodice with glass beadwork. She pulled her hair into a loose bun at the nape of her neck held with a single comb and turned her back to Bridgett, for her assistance with the laces of her gown. Then with a light kiss upon the older woman’s pensive brow, she slipped on her shoes and scampered out of the room.

***

Stephen Colter sat at his desk with a strong drink of whiskey in his hand and his chair turned toward the window, staring out at the darkening sky. The ladies would be arriving soon he mused to himself. He had bathed and dressed for dinner in a brown velvet suit coat. Gold threading embellished the waistcoat over a cream shirt and stock. The knee breeches were tailored with gold piping along the outer seams. His brown leather boots were buffed to a shiny luster. As always, these dinners were handled with a touch of decorum.
Turning his attention from the window, he looked about the roomy comfort of the cabin until his eyes fell upon the large berth in the far corner and a black mood shadowed his features, settling upon him as it had often of late.
He was considered by some a shrewd man. Taking his father’s shipping company from a means of supplying for their family comfortably, to a dominating force recognized in many parts of the world. He was never one to be satisfied or to stop moving forward in his endeavors. From expanding his enterprises to the Orient and the exotic riches which could be attained, to opening warehouse operations in the colonies at Jamestown to have a ready market, to outfitting their ships for speed, further cutting the competition. He was forever driven but never had stopped to ask himself toward what?
His parents were unable to comprehend why he drove himself so hard. Dropping not so subtle hints that he should give up the travel end of his endeavors to settle on the island, marry and furnish them with grandchildren for their golden years. They had even gone so far as to play matchmaker between himself and the daughter of good family friends. Vanessa Haines would be more than happy to wed if he would but pose the question and she was forever hoping. Little did his parents know that Vanessa had dallied with most of the male residents of the island, and he doubted that even marriage would ever stem the tide.
Although he hadn’t been above sampling her charms when the mood struck him, it was but a passing fancy for both of them and besides he had been on the sea for too many years. It was in his blood and he could find no distraction which could hold him for more than a few weeks time. Then the sea would call to him again and he would have to go, readily finding all he needed in the way of feminine companionship at ports around the world.
He was familiar with women of all ages, temperaments and backgrounds. To him, women had always been an amusement, a means by which to satisfy his own needs and give pleasure. He could think of nothing he enjoyed more than a woman’s body; experiencing its wonders to the fullest and over the years a number had passed beneath him. More than he could name, more than he cared to remember.
He could possess a woman physically and leave her gasping, playing her body like a fine instrument; knowing exactly how to please, coax and cajole into ecstasy but unfortunately, his knowledge of women had never gone much further than that.
Now Desiree was playing havoc with him and for the first time in his life, he felt unsure. She made him feel as though he was a young lad in love for the first time and perhaps he was. Never had he known a woman so well as to know all sides of her nature.
There was a coy, almost strategically planned naiveté about the lady. She could drive him to the brink of his endurance as he explained a game or the workings of the ship at her request. Leaving him exhausted with the effort and her giggling gleefully at his unrest. Then the next moment, she would rattle off the facts he had tried to explain, obviously having caught every detail and playing her befuddlement to the hilt, to witness his exasperation.
As with all the men on board, he found himself falling into some kind of odd brother and sister relationship with her. He had begun to catch himself watching the gentle swing of her trim hips as she flounced past on deck or becoming aroused when standing close, inhaling the light scent of her perfume and would actually berate himself silently, shocked at himself for having lusty feelings toward her!
For the first time in his life he was being forced to know a woman as a person. Charming, witty, caring, sensitive and it was most perplexing to a man who had never considered women as more than a momentary distraction.
Desiree’s wit and intelligence, toying with him spoke of anything but ignorance of the world and yet desire never seemed to enter into it. And the very lack of interest on her part brought home to him with gut wrenching urgency his desperate need to possess her which was becoming harder and harder to deny. He had held his emotions in check, playing the gentleman, only to put her at ease to the point of complacency. He could not, for the life of him, think of how to put an end to this torture, this role he had come to play in their little shipboard world. He wanted more than a brotherly position, much more.

***

At the light knock, Stephen put away his thoughts and his dark mood and rising from his desk, answered the door with a pleasant smile in place upon his lips.
“You look lovely, Desiree.” He took her hand in his and ushered her into the cabin, then turned back to the door. He waited, then stuck his head out, looking down the passageway. Bridgett was nowhere in sight.
From behind him, Desiree lightly explained. “Bridgett isn’t feeling well this evening, Stephen. She will not be joining us,” she said, taking a seat at the table and smiling at him as he turned to face her.
He stood near the still open door, uncertainty halting him in his tracks. His jaw flexed slightly and he felt sure his indecision was obvious upon his face. “Do you think you should be here unchaperoned?” he asked quietly.
“Oh come now, Stephen. We are not exactly strangers, are we? I feel at ease, why don’t you?” Desiree asked with a laugh.
In her mind this was very respectable, when remembering herself in the far from acceptable situation she had shared with Rene’ not so very long ago in his bedroom and the countless unchaperoned hours she had spent with Honore’, Antoine and others without complication.
Stephen closed the door slowly. He had wondered if she might be giving him a sign of encouragement until her innocent remark brought that idea to a dead halt. She thought of him as some kind of saint, a trusted friend. It seemed impossible to him that she could not see the hunger in his eyes but he made his way to the table and took a seat opposite her.
“Might I have a glass of wine, Stephen?” she requested, intertwining her fingers and placing her hands beneath her chin.
The violet depths stirred the fires within him to the point where he had to look away, to regain control of his emotions. “Of course.” He rose stiltedly and moved to his desk.
He poured a glass of white wine for each of them, thinking to himself bitterly as he poured, This may well be the longest night of my entire life. He turned back to the table as his eyes devoured her beauty and he prayed silently that he had the strength of will to endure this torment.
Within minutes dinner was brought in by Ham and as he served his young captain and Desiree, his eyes met Stephen’s and he raised a brow meaningfully but Stephen ignored his speechless query, turning his attention exclusively to Desiree. Ham tried several more times to regain his gaze, unsure of how to convey his concerns. He knew Stephen all too well and he didn’t approve of his taking advantage of such a sweet young woman as this. If it were anyone but Stephen, he would not feel so apprehensive, but this young buck was champing at the bit for the lass and Ham knew what Stephen wanted, Stephen would have.
After serving each and finding no other excuse to tarry, Ham left the two alone to dine. Closing the cabin door behind him, he shook his head, mumbling to himself as he walked down the passageway. “What could Bridgett be thinking allowing the girl to be alone with him?” he sighed heavily, letting the situation go. He could do nothing about it, any more than he could ever control his young captain or his behavior.

***

Dinner passed without incident. The conversation was light and casual and after the dishes had been cleared away, the two sat comfortably at the table. Desiree idly ran her index finger around the rim of a fine crystal glass, regarding Stephen over the flame of the candle. She was feeling very fortunate to have this wonderful time alone with him to enjoy his company. Even a tad giddy.
“Bridgett feared me dining with you tonight. She implored me not to. She felt it would not be proper,” she confessed lifting her drink to her lips with a smile. She was feeling the effects of this second glass of wine. She was relaxed and the truth spilled out easily.
“Perhaps you should take heed of her warnings, Desiree. You could find yourself in a most improper situation,” Stephen stated flatly without humor, tipping his head back and draining his glass of its contents.
“I don’t understand that, Stephen. Explain to me why I should fear you more than I would fear any other man on board. I don’t fear you, not in the least. I feel very secure in your presence, almost as though I have known you my entire life.”
Her eyes were soft and trusting and he glanced away, unable to look into them with a clear conscience. He lightly drummed the table with his fingers, his jaw flexing as his discomfort grew. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest, looking about the room as a raging battle tore at him from within.
He was at the absolute end of his endurance. He had no wish to be adopted as her big brother. He had been teacher, counselor and court jester—and now—now she was asking him to explain away and deny his desire for her and he could not! Damn it he would not! It was time to remind both himself and Desiree of his true nature. His entire being cried out for him to make her his own and in that instant, his lower self squelched every emotion but the raging lust in his loins.
Passion smoldered behind the dark eyes when they came back to rest upon Desiree as she waited patiently for his reply. The change in mood did not go completely unnoticed by her. She felt the heat in his gaze and when he rose and came to stand before her, holding out his hands, she willingly placed her drink upon the table and slipped her small hands into his large ones.
Desiree sensed that he might be considering to perhaps woo her as he drew her up to stand before him and indeed as she looked up into his velvety-brown eyes, his head lowered and his lips smoothing across hers was as she imagined a kiss from a man might be, warm and firm. She was surprised by the thrill his lips caused throughout her entire body. Like nothing else she had ever experienced before. She decided to take advantage of this never before occurrence or opportunity and her hand reached out to touch his chest near the lapel of his suit coat and she lifted on her toes, extending the kiss even longer when he would have drawn back. She was eager to use this trusted acquaintance and safe environment to test her womanly wiles, just this bit.
When he withdrew from her, Desiree could see the surprise in his expression. She smiled, giving it her best effort at looking sophisticated and unmoved, when in reality, she felt she might swoon. She knew that she would remember Stephen Colter and this first true kiss for a very long time. His hand covered hers which still rested upon his chest and he drew down once more and his kiss this time was more forceful and his hands moved to hold her shoulders pulling her into closer contact with him. His mouth slanted across hers and slightly parted her lips, his tongue lightly invading her mouth. Desiree followed his example and her tongue met his and the excitement of such an intimate contact shot heat through her body. She could feel her own pulse quickening.
Stephen was not expecting this response or consent. He was, however more than willing to oblige. Her eagerness—touching his chest in a very intimate and familiar fashion—her kiss, were all the invitation he needed. It had been a long voyage and he had never wanted a woman in all of his life as he wanted Desiree Chandelle in this moment. His passion roared into an inferno, blazing through his brain and leaving sanity and reason in ashes left behind.
Desiree began to realize that her coy game of flirtation was becoming something all together different. She was beginning to feel she had awakened something in Stephen which was far above her level of experience or ability to control. She could feel the power in his hold and that his stance and energy changed in an instant. His next kiss became bolder still and his entire body seemed to tremble. His hands moved to her back and along her waist. Desiree could hardly catch her breath, before another deep and penetrating kiss was added to the last. Awkwardly she pulled her lips from his and attempted to step back from his embrace but then with a swift movement he pulled her forward into his arms. Holding her about the waist, he crushed her to his chest and a hand reached behind her neck releasing her hair and sending it cascading down her back. He gently grasped a handful of the tresses, pulling her head back until their eyes met and his mouth swooped down upon hers again.
Stephen whispered against her lips as he dropped gentle kisses there. “You shouldn’t fear me, Desiree but neither should you consider me some harmless old dolt because I assure you, I am far from it.” He withdrew slightly as he buried his face in her hair which he held in his hand and inhaled the heady fragrance. “I am a man, very much warmed and ready to accept your attentions.”
Desiree was in utter shock, realizing what she had ignited in Stephen. What had she been thinking? Enticing a man and alone with him in what amounted to his bedroom? 
“Stephen, wait,” she said breathlessly.
“I can’t wait any longer, Desiree. Yield to me.”
“Stephen, I am afraid I have given you the wrong impression.”
“I feel your desire in your kiss. Your passion for me is every bit as strong as mine for you.”
“No!” she chirped, as he lifted her hair to his face again and inhaled.
“No? Do you think this a simple ruse then? Do you have a notion of me as some sexless eunuch who you might toy with?” he pulled back to glare down into her eyes. His speech was controlled but he knew his frustration was showing in the timber of his voice. He was thinking about all the sleepless nights he had lay awake, never dreaming he would ever have her within his arms. And she was here now. And she would be his.
Desiree blinked up at him blankly. She had no response for this accusation. Her mind was numb with shock.
Stephen released her hair and grasped her firmly by the upper arms, pulling her in close to his chest. “I am not a saint or monk, nor have I ever played the part of the foppish suitor. I am in the habit of having what I want and if you think me some young boy who will admire your beauty from afar, you are mistaken.”
His mouth swooped down upon hers again with fierce urgency. His tongue plunged within, plundering her mouth and she was too stunned to even try to resist him. It was as though he was transforming before her eyes, his darker side coming abruptly to the surface. His mouth was searching, insistent, demanding; completely devouring but somehow she regained some of her wits and placed her hands against his chest, trying to push free with every ounce of strength she possessed but found she was no match for him. He drew back, his eyes probing hers and the steamy dark warmth she saw in his was searing.
“Captain, release me this instant! You are making a terrible mistake. You have misconstrued my attentions!” she fumed with as much courage as she could muster. “How dare you!” she shrieked as his hands moved over her back and down over her backside possessively, pulling her into closer contact with his body.
He smiled slightly but Desiree knew he was serious as he contemplated her. His breath was clean and warm as his mouth hovered near hers. “How dare I what, my sweet? Be a man? Desire the most beautiful woman I have ever met? How dare you, Desiree! You flaunt yourself before me at every turn without a thought as to its effect. You swing your hips and display your breasts and then appear surprised when I but do what you entice me to! You cannot tell me you didn’t realize what sharing your private company and your kisses would do to me?”
“You are wrong! I don’t want your attentions, at least not this!” she said with false bravado.
“Oh, Desiree, sweet,” he rasped softly. “Please tell me what you see before you? Look at me and tell me what you see? Some doting old grandfather who will take you upon his knee and pat your head as if you are a small child? No! I am much too young to be your grandfather and my feelings are anything but paternal! Have you any idea of the torment you have put me through? You are all I think of, you are my first thought each morning, my last before I drift off at night and then, there you are, in my every dream.”
“I will go. I won’t trouble you again, Stephen—ever! I swear it.”
“You won’t trouble me? As if all that has passed between us, all we have shared could be wiped away! A thousand times I have wanted to hold you, kiss you, utterly possess you. I retire each night missing you. I wake each day with one thought on my mind, wanting only to search you out, to be with you! It’s time to grow up, Desiree! Your face and figure proclaim you to be a woman. Your intelligence assures me that you are not stupid. Your warmth and welcoming me, tells me you care for me deeply, just as I care for you. And yet in here,” he lightly touched her brow, “you are a mere child. It’s time to put away your childish ideas, my sweet. Tonight I shall show you how it is meant to be between a man and a woman, between you and me.”
“In hell perhaps, but not until then!” she hissed, again trying desperately to flee.
His lips possessed hers and he reeled in the dewy freshness of her mouth, while one hand gently coaxed the peak of her full breast through her gown.
Desiree fought to pin his hands within her own but soon it seemed he had more than just the two and she could not prevent him from invading her décolletage and the back of his fingers searched and moved over the crest of her right breast. It was during his distracted attention to his quest and with great effort, she finally pushed free of him and she felt her gown give way as she did so. The gown was rent from bodice to waist and delicate glass beadwork skimmed across the floor in all directions as Desiree stumbled back a pace with her chemise the only article left intact.
She stared into the dark eyes, seeing nothing of the man she thought she had known so well. This was a stranger before her. His heated gaze moved to the open gown and Desiree pulled the fabric together, shielding her body from his view.
From the muddled pool of feelings churning through her, a sudden, singular strand of emotion overriding all others rose to the surface; it was hatred and she struck out with the open palm of her hand with all the hatred she felt in her heart. With her eyes blazing, she moved to lay another blow upon his cheek but her wrists were seized in his hands and like manacles, the hold was unbreakable. Her arms were twisted behind her back and she was crushed against his chest.
His voice rasped and her eyes were riveted to his. “That makes twice I have felt the bite of your hand, Desiree. I warn you, strike me no more!”
“I hate you, Stephen! I shall kill you for this!” she spat, then winced with pain when his grip tightened upon her wrists. He realized what he had unintentionally done and loosened his hold. Without warning, Desiree took this opportunity to lift her knee between his legs but missed her mark when he moved back a pace, easily avoiding the blow.
He lifted a brow with a one sided smile then his voice was somber and gentle as he spoke. “You don’t hate me, Desiree. You have no wish to see me dead. You are confused and afraid because I want you. Shocked perhaps that I dare to treat you like a woman for the first time in your life, but you don’t hate me. Just think for one moment please. Use that pretty little head of yours and think! It has been building to this for weeks, my sweet, whether you consciously know it or not. It has all been leading to this!”
He released her and Desiree stumbled back out of his reach. He was removing his suit coat and waistcoat slowly, tossing them to a chair. Then he began to unbutton his shirt, keeping his eyes on her all the while.
Desiree glanced toward the door but before she had time to take a step he was before it, blocking her way. She moved back from him as her eyes were riveted to the expanse of his chest being exposed and she placed herself behind his desk for protection.
His shirt was open now and hanging loose. She quaked at the sight of his unclad torso. The muscle of his chest flexed with power and every muscle of his abdomen was pronounced and well defined. He bent to remove his boots and then approached the desk.
Desiree came to life once more, realizing that she had to make her move for the door now if she was going to save her innocence and her eyes scanned the desk. She lunged forward, picking up a heavy book and flinging it at him but he batted it away easily. In quick succession the book was followed by a quill, a chart rolled and bound, a coffee mug, a spyglass and then she grasped an object and looked at it just as she was about to let it fly. It was a small dagger with blue sapphires embellishing the handle. She knew she could not throw it accurately but with a wicked smile, she held it before her. It glinted in the light and Stephen seemed surprised that she held it with deadly intent. Grasping it firmly, she slowly moved from behind the desk, toward the door.
“Get out of my way, Captain. I am serious. I shall kill you!”
“Desiree, put that down. You are not going to kill anyone,” he assured calmly. He stood casually observing her then closed the space between her and the portal, leaning against the wall with one shoulder.
She lunged for his belly, intending to bury the dagger to its hilt but he moved with the prowess of a sleek cat, seizing her wrist and plucking the dagger from her grip with ease. He sailed it across the cabin, where with a thud it quivered, the tip imbedded in the wall.
“Enough, Desiree!” he whispered firmly.

***

Desiree dashed down the hallway and around the corner, stopping outside her cabin, leaning against the wall as she waited for her heart to slow to a more normal rate. She wiped at a tear as it fell and hearing voices above deck near the stairs, she reached for the handle of her door, wanting to get inside before she was found in her disheveled state and her ravishment made known to others. With infinite care she opened the door, slipping in and waiting just inside for her eyes to become accustomed to the dark. In the light cast by the moon streaming through the small window, she tiptoed across to the armoire. With her attention on the slumbering form of her nurse, in the near bunk, she opened the door. It creaked slightly and she held her breath while praying silently, Don’t let her wake God. Please don’t let her wake! Her prayers were answered, for Bridgett did not stir.
She quickly removed her torn dress, wadding it into a roll and stuffing it to the back of the armoire. It would have to do for now, she decided, until she could discard it.
Silently she filled the basin on the washstand with cool water and then scrubbed herself until her skin felt raw, removing the healthy masculine scent of Stephen. She donned a soft gown, slipped quietly into bed and pulled the blanket up to her chin and only then she breathed a sigh of relief and vowed that Bridgett would never learn what had happened this night, never.
It was some time before Desiree could find rest. Her mind was filled with Stephen and visions of all that had occurred with him tonight. How had she allowed him to seduce her in such a way? Why had her body betrayed her and responded when under his hands? Her body, even now, burned with the thoughts and she could almost feel his hands upon her flesh as she recalled the scene and tried to understand how it had gotten so out of her control.
It seemed the knife had no more been wrenched from her grip, than she found her gown separated to the hem, herself naked and trying to twist away from his hold on her as his lips placed searing kisses along her neck and shoulder. It was impossible to gain any advantage against his superior strength. She had no power to resist him as he turned her in his arms and she was engulfed in a passionate kiss.
“All my weeks of feeble imaginings,” he said low and rumbling against her lips. “I am in awe of a sight that makes my conjuring of your form pale in comparison, Desiree.” He seemed to savor the feel of her skin under his hands and bending, he lifted her off the floor despite her squirming and kicking, and carried her to his bed, laying her across its expanse.
Before she could even attempt to rise, she watched as his shirt was removed and his breeches fell to the floor as he stepped out of the rest of his clothes. Her eyes had moved involuntarily down his lean frame, taking in the trim, narrow hips but at the first glimpse of a male organ, erect and menacing, they snapped back up to his and he watched her reaction without humor.
He knelt upon the bed and quickly grasped her arms, effortlessly twisting her onto her back beneath him. Then with what seemed infinite care his arms slipped about her, holding her in restraint as his mouth, hot and demanding, scorched her throat, tracing down toward her breasts.
Her breathing increased with his touch and his naked body along the length of hers was frightening but at the same time caused feelings she was not familiar with. Tears came to her eyes as she realized it was too late, there would be no escape. She decided on a change of strategy, “Please, Stephen.” When his kisses continued, she said, “I thought you cared for me…”
“I do,” he whispered absently. “Very much.”
“How can you be so heartless? I…I’ve never…” she stammered.
His lips possessed hers gently and she could feel his manhood warm and hard against her thigh. His hand moved to her face and he gently brushed away a tear. “I am aware, sweet. I am not heartless, Desiree. You know me better than that. I am not punishing you…” he paused, “It’s too late Desiree, and it’s come too far. I know your fear but it is unfounded. I swear I will not hurt you,” he pledged between gentle kisses.
“But I don’t—I can’t…” her words trailed off when he moved to suck the tip of her breast into his mouth as his tongue lightly moved over the nipple, causing it to react and pucker.
“Oh stop!” she panted, as she tried to squirm away from his mouth. “I shall scream!”
“Scream away. No one will dare to intervene. This is my ship and I am master here,” he stated quietly.
Desiree halted the scream which threatened. He was right. It would serve no purpose but to make her ravishment public knowledge. She knew full well his crew would not dare interfere and Bridgett would only be horrified and unable to assist.
“My Lord you are so very beautiful,” he whispered.
“And you are despicable!” she hissed.
“Just a man, Desiree, just a man.”
She had tossed and squirmed upon the bed as Stephen fought to pin her down. She could not draw a breath under his weight and felt as if suffocating beneath her hair, tumbling about her face. The battle went in his favor rapidly when he clasped both her hands above her head with one of his and with one strong leg, pinned hers beneath him.
Then leisurely, he explored her body, ignoring her biting remarks and looking at and touching her everywhere he shouldn’t be. His mouth possessed first one, then the other of her breasts which were heaving with her quivering deep breaths and he had teased them to respond as his fingers lightly caressed them. His lips moved all over her body possessively, as his hand followed, across her stomach, to her hipbones. When his hand brushed across the triangle of dark curls at the juncture of her thighs, she could feel her stomach muscles tremble as he urged her thighs with a knee and a firm hand. His hand slipped into the core of her and she held her breath as his fingers explored all those private folds and then entered her slowly. He looked into her eyes and his mouth turned up with a slight smile, with what she perceived as satisfaction, almost as if he knew she was beginning to respond, although she was sure her face held no hint.
She was unable to do anything but lay pliant within his arms, while he was bringing her dormant woman’s body to life for the first time. She was in turmoil, unable to understand the quickening of her heart or the shortness of breath with each caress. The battle was coming quickly to an end, with Stephen the clear victor. She felt as though she had no will of her own as he worked his magic upon her body and silenced any further arguments with his kiss.
After a time, she gasped as his fingers continued to caress her in a way which was causing a building of pleasure and she couldn’t hold back her quickened breathing or the small noises which escaped her lips. He watched her eyes, and she knew he was seeing her smoldering desire and need, so she closed them to hide that knowledge from his searching gaze and failed miserably as a moan of pleasure escaped her before she bit her lip, trying to hold it in. He was at ease and seemed to bide his time, unhurried, as he continued to stoke her passion.
When he had finally moved his leg off hers, allowing her that freedom of movement, she was totally in his control and unable to do anything but open her legs further and move her hips into his touch and against his hand, searching for closer contact for the building of sensation he was causing.
“Release my hands Stephen,” she demanded quietly.
He drew back, studying her face for some hint of the fear or rage of earlier but all he had found was her passion. She hated herself for it but she was beyond any other reaction. He loosed her hands from his grasp and her arms came about his shoulders, pulling him to her. Her lips found his eagerly and she arched against his hand while he seemed to revel in her response.
“Oh, Desiree,” he groaned, leaning beside her, propped on one arm and kissing her with a throaty animal growl. “God, how I’ve needed you, wanted you. I couldn’t stand it another minute.”
She was barely aware as he murmured quietly in her ear. She was totally absorbed with what was happening within her body. She felt him shifting her, positioning himself and bracing on one hand above her, as she gasped with a glorious, splintering feeling which washed over her and caused her to groan in pleasure, lifting her hips against the hand that had caused it.
As the pulsing waves of unbelievable release constricted her insides, she enjoyed his delving fingers but then felt his hand leave her and she whimpered at the loss of his touch. Then his hand was lifting her from the bed, holding her lower back and there was a glorious pressure she welcomed and a fullness which became a burning pain as he rocked in once, twice, three times. She felt the barrier being breached and she half gasped, half shrieked in shock but his mouth covered hers at the same instant, kissing her passionately.
He paused then, seeming to wait, allowing her body to adjust and accommodate him but her tension was almost overwhelming. Her entire body was trembling and her legs were like a vise against his hips as she struggled to bring her world back into focus. His lips clung to hers, his tongue invading her mouth and occupying her in a rolling moist caress which momentarily took her focus off the pain which was ebbing, almost as though he was waiting for the pain to retreat, and then he slipped his hand to her outer thigh, caressing it with his palm as he tried to relax the hold she had upon him.
He spoke quietly in a soothing voice. “Listen to me, Desiree. I want you to relax so that I don’t cause you pain.” His hand caught behind her knee and he hitched one of her legs over his hip, holding it in that position as he, ever so slowly, began to move. He paused and thrust home, gradually, gently, until he eased her into the rhythm and released his hold on her leg. She kept her leg hiked over his hip, as he began seeking his own relief. “Relax,” he whispered close to her ear and buried his face in her neck as he whispered again. “Relax.”
His rhythm was gentle, his encouragement softly spoken and for some unknown reason, she trusted him, believed him and the flames of passion consumed her once more as she allowed him to possess her. She wanted it to continue forever, with no thought now but the satisfying fullness within her body.
Her hands gently explored his body, the first man’s body she had ever touched in such a way. Touching the broad shoulders and muscular back she had often admired. Moving lower, to his waist and she felt him shudder and his breath catch as her palms moved over his smooth firm buttocks, pressing him home. Their movements gained in intensity and she wrapped her legs around his hips and when he would lift his head seeking her lips, she kissed him ardently as though he were a treasured mate. She couldn’t stop herself. Her responses were instinctive, strong and powerful, matching his own and their frenzy increased until he seemed to pause at the threshold of his fulfillment, waiting on her to join him as he braced again on one arm above her and touched her in a way which brought the wonderful release to her once again.
She gasped as he drove deeply into her and she kissed him, as their combined ecstasy sent them to soaring heights. He buried his face in her neck and she lifted her hips, helping him, holding him, until his passion was spent and he collapsed atop her and relaxed, breathing heavily. She also was panting and closed her eyes as the spasms of pleasure were continuing inside her body, slowly receding to leave her with a perfect glow and peace. After a few minutes, his mouth clung to hers in a final kiss as he withdrew from her gradually and moved to rest beside her.
Rising upon one elbow, he brushed the moist hair from her forehead and whispered as softly as a caress, “Thank you.”
She looked shyly into his eyes, her passion of a moment before now fading to a dissipating glow. “A thank you is for something given, not taken, Captain,” she corrected quietly.
“You shared yourself with me, Desiree. You let me share myself with you. You returned every kiss, every caress and we both received as we both gave.”
She was at once embarrassed and ashamed by the abandon she had shown and she looked away unable to meet his gaze.
“Don’t shut me out, Desiree. Are you displeased with what we have shared?” he touched her chin, pulling her eyes back to his.
The tenderness was there and he seemed to be the man she had known once more. His handsome, familiar face loomed above hers and she reached out to touch his chiseled jaw as her thumb traced his lips. “I don’t understand it. I acted as if a common trollop. Pleased beyond what is decent. I am appalled by my behavior,” she confessed in a trembling whisper, as a tear slipped from her eye.
Stephen gently brushed it away. “Oh Desiree, you behaved as a woman. A very passionate woman, nothing more, nothing less. But come, let me hold you. Just lie here within my arms.” He smiled contentedly, pulling her closer in his embrace. He had uttered the wrong words, for at once her anger ignited like fire and she threw his arm draped over her waist away from her.
“You—you expect me to stay here lounging within your arms? After what has just happened? You are much mistaken if you believe that, Captain. It is done and I am leaving!” she railed, sitting up and exiting the bed as she grabbed her dress off the floor. She tossed it on herself haphazardly, looking wildly about for her shoes which she had lost while being carried to the bed. Retrieving them, she flung her tousled hair out of her face but it tumbled back over her eyes when she slipped her shoes upon her feet.
“Blast it, Desiree! Now what? What did I say?” he barked leaping off the bed. “Will you now deny what you felt for me?” he demanded while stepping into his breeches and yanking them over his hips.
She tossed her hair out of her face impatiently, then stood in indecision, glancing to the rumpled bed where the flecks of blood told of the loss of her maidenhood.
“What sort of man are you, Stephen? How could you have done this to me? Do you think me some harlot?” she croaked, wrapping her dress about her body.
“I think nothing of the kind! And I acted with no such idea within my head!” Hands on his hips, he shook his head in confusion. It was obvious to her that he didn’t see anything wrong with what had just taken place.
“I must go,” she said starting for the door.
In a flash, Stephen moved across the room, leaning against the door with his back and holding her by the shoulders. “Don’t leave this way, Desiree, please!” he pleaded softly.
“I was just raped! By an almost total stranger!” she sobbed. “What way should I leave? Elated?”
“We made lo…”
“No, don’t you dare!” she interrupted him. “Faire l’amour had nothing to do with what occurred here tonight!”
He lightly held her face between his hands. “It needn’t be like this, Desiree. Please stay a bit longer. Let me discuss this with you rationally!” He lifted his brows in a question, his eyes seeming hopeful.
“You wish to discuss rationally the fact that you just attacked me? I stand before you in tatters, my clothing rent by your own hands—the evidence of my lost virginity upon your pallet and you expect me to sit calmly and—discuss it?” she shrieked, slapping his hands away as he held them up in what she construed as a condescending gesture. “Now move out of my way!”
She grabbed a fistful of chest hair, persuading him quickly. He winced and unable to do anything else, he moved. She turned back at the open door, with her hair a wild mane about her body. One breast showed as her dress gaped open and as she pulled the tatters about her, his eyes rose reluctantly to meet hers.
“I made a terrible mistake, a terrible error in judgment, thinking you more than what you have revealed your true nature to be. I shall not make such an error again, I assure you,” she spat as she had hurried from his cabin and down the hall.
Coming back from her thoughts, Desiree turned on her side toward the wall and she buried her face in her pillow as she allowed the muffled sobs to consume her. She mourned all that she had lost this night. It seemed the least of which being her virginity.
She had lost a trusted friend, someone who had seemed genuine in his care for her. The realization tore at her heart that what she had believed him to be was a lie. No more fantasies of social affairs on the arm of her dashing captain, no more ease and warmth in his presence. No long talks. No more fine gentleman—all gone in but a few hours’ time. A difficult lesson had been learned this night. One she would rather she not have learned. With tears of loss, as though mourning the death of a loved one, Desiree found at last, a troubled sleep.

***

Pouring a good strong drink, Stephen sat at his desk, rubbing wearily across his face with the palms of his hands. He was cursing himself as every kind of fool he could think of, when a hesitant rap at the door brought his attention back. “Come in,” he called, half hoping it to be Desiree, having changed her mind.
Cunningham entered, closing the door after him and looked into the troubled eyes of his captain. He crossed to the desk to take a seat opposite Stephen for their usual nightly chat, when his eye was caught by something lying upon the floor. He bent down, picking up a silky sheer chemise and dangled it from his fingers, looking to Stephen. Then his eyes moved to the tousled bed and the evidence there of what had occurred. He walked slowly across the room and pulled the dagger from the wall, turning to look at Stephen with raised eyebrows.
“Seems as if you’ve been to battle this night, Cap,” he observed, tossing the filmy garment across the bed and dropping the dagger upon the desk before Stephen.
Pouring himself a drink, Ham sat down across from him and waited for a response but Stephen made no comment, only glared and took up the dagger, dropping it into a drawer of his desk, then slamming the drawer shut.
“You showed great willpower these past weeks, Stephen. I’ll not fault you there. I’ve always known you to be a man of few words but you played the suitor with flair I never knew you possessed,” he nodded and drank deeply of the fine brandy.
“Suitor, hell! The wench forces it, draws out the father in every man she meets!” Stephen barked, gesturing as if his heart were being ripped from his bare chest. “Even you!” he pointed an accusing finger. “By your concern tonight I would say she has captured your heart as well. Admit it, you old sea dog!” he smiled at his old friend with genuine affection.
“Aye, that she has,” Ham nodded. “A rare lady indeed. She seems to have taken over the entire ship without so much as one show of firepower or one skirmish…” he glanced to the bed. “Until now.”
“Yes, I fear she found me not to be the perfect gentleman she supposed me to be.” Stephen glared at the bed. “I am afraid I made a mistake this night which I shall pay for, for some time to come,” he chuckled softly with affected cavalier.
But Ham noted sadness in the voice of his young captain and worry upon his brow. It seemed that this lusty young man had met, at last, the one woman who stirred a sense of conscience in him.



Chapter Fourteen


Desiree moved about the tiny cabin, paused to pick up a book and sat to attempt to read. Unable to focus on the task, she slammed it shut and stood again, tossing the book to the table as if it were her enemy. Her eyes roamed for anything which might occupy her mind from its train of thought but could find nothing. She paced, she sat, she stood, she paced some more and then moved to stare out the heavily paned window, to the bright day. The sea rolled gently and the sun was brilliant and inviting.
Bridgett had left some time ago for a stroll about deck, having indeed staved off her illness with her early retirement last eve, leaving her here, alone, with the torture of memories from her evening. Bridgett was none the wiser having been assured that dinner had been pleasant and that she had turned in well before the last hour of the day. The slight puffiness and reddened state of her eyes she had conveniently blamed on sad thoughts of her parents and nearly choked on the lie. Now watching out at the sea she fought with a raging tide of emotions threatening to engulf her.
Everything had changed. He had changed, she had changed and nothing would be the same again. She felt trapped and would be trapped for weeks yet to come, on this ship with no escape, short of throwing herself overboard. She felt unable to move freely, was terrified of meeting him and knew he would be unavoidable. She would have to remain in the confines of this stifling cabin if she hoped to avoid him and she could not tolerate the idea.
In the past months she had lost her parents, been in fear for her life, left her homeland and loved ones and now had a new pain to bring torment to her heart. Although she had been uninjured by his assault but for some soreness from the loss of her innocence, her disillusionment with him hurt more than any injury.
She had cared for him deeply, welcoming his companionship, his gentle kindness. She had admired him, valued his presence and she could even say she had loved him or thought she had. She had trusted him and he had trifled with her affections, making a mockery of all they had shared. Forcing her body to deceive her and respond to him ardently.
His lovemaking had been so very exciting, tender and giving. The mere thought and her body would betray her once more, a stirring for the want of him and she fought those stirrings, putting them out of her mind again and replacing them with the realities which she must force herself to accept.
He had made a fool of her for believing in him. How stupid he must consider her to be, to have fallen into his trap with such ease. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to squelch the embarrassment she felt for her ignorance. She had waltzed right into his clutches without a thought. She had fallen into his palm like an overripe fruit. She should have known what sort of man he was from their first meeting but she had allowed him to gradually blind her with his charm until she had become lax with a false sense of security and then he had pounced upon her.
Desiree whirled from the window, her hands pounding against her brow. “So stupid! How could I be so stupid?” she moaned aloud. “And now he has me cowering in my cabin, afraid to come out in the light of day. How smug he must be feeling, to have such control over me. How very satisfied, with a game well played and won—by him!” her back straightened with determination. “No, I will not be so controlled, not by the likes of him!”
Taking a deep breath, she moved to the door and opened it, leaving the cabin. She took two steps and almost turned, fleeing back into the sanctuary of her room but shored up her courage with the thought, the sooner I see him and face my fears, the sooner they will be put to rest.

***

Rising to the deck, Desiree halted, gulping in fresh air as her bravery took flight. Her eyes moved about the main deck, searching for the enemy but he was not to be found. She fought the need to look to the quarterdeck, where in all likelihood he would be. She could almost feel his eyes upon her back as she moved stiltedly to the rail, looking over the side to where the ship cleaved the waves, sending up a light spray beneath the prow.
Bridgett joined her and Desiree smiled, hiding her emotions. “It’s a beautiful morning, isn’t it Bridgett?” she asked.
“Oui. Oh Desiree, had you come up a bit earlier you could have seen the porpoises, a whole school of them! They were right alongside. The captain said they often accompany ships in search of scraps of food. So graceful, moving in unison,” Bridgett laughed. “Are you listening to me dear? You look a thousand miles away,” she studied Desiree’s face, puzzled by her distant stare.
“I’m sorry, Bridgett. Oui, I heard. I wish I hadn’t missed them.” Desiree’s courage weakened, knowing that indeed the captain must surely be at his helm, if he had been in discussion with Bridgett.

***

Stephen was relieved to see Desiree had fared well through the night. The smile upon her lips as she spoke with her maid confirmed she had no ill effects from her lesson in love but he had been a fool to allow his passion to rule him so totally. He should not have forced it past the light kisses and caresses. He could have stopped it before it went too far and he didn’t. He hadn’t thought about anything but his selfish need to possess her and make her his own.
It had been a gradual revelation through the course of the long sleepless night he had experienced, that she had come to mean more to him than he had even suspected. With the final completing union, he knew this was not just another of many women he had taken for a toss, nor a pleasant interlude which would soon be forgotten, but the damage had been done and he could not change that fact. He watched Bridgett leave Desiree’s side, heading below deck and he gestured to Ham. “Take over,” he ordered.
Ham chuckled softly, taking his place behind the helm, as he wondered what he might see pass between the two while Stephen made his way down the stairs.

***

“Good morning,” Stephen greeted her, leaning beside her with a gentle smile.
“You have your nerve! How dare you speak to me! How dare you even approach me!” Desiree hissed, turning to face him head on and glaring up into his eyes.
“Desiree,” he began quietly. “I am very sorry for my behavior and haste but I have no regrets regarding what we shared together last eve,” he declared quietly, with a warm smile still playing about his lips.
“No regrets!” she sneered with mocking sarcasm. “I was a virgin, Captain! Is it so commonplace for you to destroy a woman’s virtue that it matters not, simply another triumph of your prowess?”
His smile faded and he took her by the arm leading her up the deck toward the bow, where they would be out of the earshot of his crew. He stopped, pulling her around before him and standing her against the forecastle.
He towered over her and Desiree glared up into his stormy brown eyes, wishing she had the courage to rake her nails across that handsome face.
“So quick to condemn, aren’t you, my sweet? But answer me this; is it so commonplace for you to share kisses and spend time with a man alone in his quarters?”
“You bastard!” Desiree hissed.
“I am sorry, my dear but if the bait is dangled, you must be prepared for the strike!”
“You loathsome wretch,” she laughed bitterly. “It was you who dangled the bait and I, like a fool, swallowed the steely barb whole! You and your tender words. This entire voyage, with your feigned interest and caring for me, all a farce, a blatant lie!”
His dark eyes narrowed and he grasped her shoulders firmly, pulling her a step closer, “The farce was you! The lie yours!” he roared.
He released her, turning away to regain his composure and then turned back to those defiant violet eyes and crossed his arms over his chest, carefully controlling his voice. “I wanted you, Desiree. I never hid that fact! If you would remember,” he stepped toward her again, placing one hand on the wall above her shoulder and thumping his chest with the forefinger of his other hand, “it was I who asked last night whether you should be with me unchaperoned! I gave you the option to leave! You neglected to take it!”
“Oh, of course!” Desiree nodded. “How stupid of me. You should have informed me that by staying I was giving you permission to have your way with me!”
“Damn it!” he barked, slamming his hand against the wall. “I wanted you and if you would admit it to yourself, you wanted me as well! Perhaps I did not woo you or falsely ply you to my pallet with sweet lies, I took you with honesty. I wanted you. I admit it without reservation.”
“How very gallant of you!” her words dripped with venom.
“Stop it, Desiree! Why don’t you admit to yourself that you enjoyed what we shared? Admit the feelings you felt for me!”
“I felt nothing!”
“You’re lying!”
“Enough, Captain Colter!” she spat. “I will not discuss further what happened! We shared nothing! You are vile and I have no desire to be mauled by the likes of you ever again! I am repulsed by you and the thought of what occurred last night makes me feel ill! I warn you, stay away from me, Captain. I do not want you anywhere near me!” she whispered viciously, pushing past him.
Desiree dashed along the deck and rushed to the stairs at the sterncastle and down to the companionway, leaning in the passage to regain her composure. The lies she had just spoken beginning to gnaw at her conscience. She knew in her heart that her own desire to have that first taste of romance was partly to blame for what had occurred last eve. She also knew, in her heart, that she found Stephen to be anything but vile. In truth, it had been so unbearably tender, almost magical in its warmth. His practiced touch had been wildly exciting, his passion consuming and his need almost desperate.
The act had been so very intimate and he had taken such care to ease her fear and pain. It had been a letting down of defenses totally and she had felt a hint of what love must mean as he held her close in his moment of glory, his emotions raw and exposed by something she had caused. There had been a rare touch of vulnerability in his voice as he had whispered her name, helpless were she to have thought to wound his pride but trusting in her not to do so. Just as he had brought out her vulnerability and seemed to revel in the exposure of her need.
These truths tore at her more than her lies just spoken above deck, because it had been so wonderful and she had to admit to herself that she wanted him; this moment she wanted him and she could not allow it to happen again.

***

The next morning, well before the dawn and before Bridgett stirred, Desiree was up and dressed. With her gown loosely laced, with no one to assist her, she donned her cloak and quietly removed her burgundy gown from its hiding place.
At the rail, standing in the dark, with the light of dawn only a grayish hue at the eastern horizon, she dropped the dress over the side of the ship and it was pulled under the cold black water by the wake.
With the burial at sea of the evidence of their encounter, she willed her mind to bury it also, to forget. But her mind and her yearning would continue to churn the memories to the surface, time and again.



Chapter Fifteen


Bridgett mounted the stairs, to join Desiree for an early morning stroll about midship. The chill air felt exhilarating as she topped the flight. Then her eyes caught a movement near the bow, a flash of a bright topaz-colored gown and she halted. In the first golden hues of morning, she witnessed the unusual occurrence which had come about, often of late. She seemed continually interrupting heated discussions between Desiree and the captain. Their words now were hushed against any possible eavesdropper but their eyes crackled and the stance and gesturing of the two told of a bitter disagreement.
Bridgett knew from experience in the last fort night, that were she to approach the pair, a stony silence would fall, all conversation coming to an abrupt halt, while their eyes would continue to burn into one another. The captain’s jaw would clamp shut, flexing with rage and he would quickly excuse himself and depart, while Desiree would bestow a sweet smile upon her as though she had no care in the world. It was most peculiar. When she had broached the subject with Desiree some time ago, she had received a confused oration from her young mistress.
“Bridgett, I hold no grudge against Stephen!” she had giggled self-consciously, pulling at an imaginary loose thread at the hem of her emerald gown. “On the contrary, he is a most adept sailor and seems to have his duties well in hand,” she had stated, turning down her hem and smoothing the satin. Then laying her hands in her lap, Desiree had smiled serenely.
She had contemplated her, totally perplexed. “But Desiree, you seem at odds with the man constantly! You rarely speak and on the occasions you do, you seem upset. We no longer dine with him! You rarely speak with Davison or Mr. Cunningham, for that matter! It is as though your nature has taken a turn. What is it dear?” she begged, trying to pin Desiree down, wanting to force her to give a straight answer.
Desiree had stood, pacing slowly across the cabin with her hands laced before her. “Bridgett, my mind of late seems often disturbed with thoughts of my future and its offerings. I am a touch melancholy and not in the mood for giddy conversation. I have a huge responsibility now. I do so want to make myself worthy of my parent’s trust, in leaving it in my hands.” Her eyes had fluttered downward as she stood solemnly before her. “I think I shall take some air now.”
Desiree had whirled about, strolling from the cabin and she had sat with a knitted brow, pondering the words spoken, musing aloud, “I never heard a person utter so many words without saying a single thing!”
Her change in temperament could be easily discerned. A swing in mood, becoming withdrawn, quiet, pensive and for the life of her, Bridgett could not understand it. She could now see only her young mistress’s trim back as she faced the captain near the bow. His face, visible over Desiree’s head, was etched in anger. Sparks were fairly leaping from the deep brown depths. Not wanting to appear to be spying, Bridgett made her way below once more, deciding to come back up a bit later.

***

“How can you simply dismiss me and turn your back on me as though we are total strangers, after we have known each other so well?” Stephen rasped softly.
“Captain, I know nothing of you but I did have an important lesson that night, not so long ago! I do know this much; I was sadly mistaken about you!” Desiree hissed, whirling away from him and moving further down the ship.
He strode briskly after her, planting himself before her once more with a glare. “Yes, damn it I took you in my arms and we gave and received pleasure and that made me all at once an ogre!”
“It was rape, Captain. Why is it you continue to neglect to mention that small detail? I had no designs on the occurrence of that night in the slightest! You attacked me and I swear you act as though you were the injured party!” Her eyes flashed brightly, glaring into his handsome face, daring him to disagree.
“As far as designs, I had none! What happened that night wasn’t charted out by me, it just happened. You keep referring to it as rape and to call what we shared between us rape is idiotic! Rape is not gentle and giving, not pleasurable. Rape is violent, spiteful, and vile. Did you find anything but pleasure within my arms? Are you attempting to claim injury by my hands?” he flung up his hand dramatically and his eyes flared with his own outrage. “You must have forgotten Desiree, I was present. I felt the fire of your passion.”
“No!” Desiree shook her head, covering her ears with her hands as she tried to move away from him once more.
Stephen stopped her from fleeing, pulling her hands away from her ears, forcing her to hear his words. “You asked me to release your hands and you held me to you,” he reminded her.
“Stop it!” she spat, feeling her face flushing.
“Damn it, you shared yourself with me and you reveled in your first taste of ecstasy.”
“Enough! I admit it! You cast your spell upon me for that moment but I have since regained my wits! Why do you continue to terrorize me when I ask only to be left alone?” Yanking her hands from his, she stood arms akimbo tossing her head and her long, loose tresses fanned about her body.
Stephen’s breath caught and she detected the smoldering passion in his eyes. Outraged, she stamped her foot. “You filthy beast! Molest me no more! Even your eyes seem to defile me! You had your sport—at my expense—to your own satisfaction but make no mistake, it shall not be repeated, so cool your lust!” she ordered.
He reached out and held her by the shoulders, pulling her a pace closer. “I have not asked for such favors have I? Have I?” he questioned passionately. “It is you Desiree, you are the one who can think of nothing else! You continue to plead revulsion and outrage concerning our union of that night and yet at our every meeting it seems to be your only topic of conversation. You bring it up continually! I try only to salvage the rest of what we have shared.”
“What rest? You are making no sense. I but asked you to leave me alone and you seem unable to heed that simple request. We shall be reaching the colonies in but a few days time, until then, please keep your distance and upon our arrival, I hope never to look upon your leering face again. Now leave me alone!” she shrieked, pushing free of his hands.
Clasping his hands loosely behind his back, Stephen smiled without humor. “Had I even the slightest inkling of what a prudish and immature child you were beneath this womanly façade, I assure you I would have thought better of it before taking you to my bed. Worry not little girl, I shall trouble you no further.”
With that he turned and strode away while Desiree dismissed him as well, looking out to sea. Then with her hands pressed against her troubled brow, eyes squeezed shut, she said a silent prayer, praying that he would hold true to his word this time and leave her alone, for she was weakening under his constant onslaught of the truth, fighting against a flood of emotions which were threatening her resolve. The void her woman’s body felt was continually at odds with her mind and reason. All too often she awoke from dreams of strong gentle hands upon her, to the emptiness of her small bed and an ache for the want of him.
She had turned her back on him completely, refusing even light conversation or simple courtesies, steeling all her defenses. She was afraid of the consequences were she to let them down even for an instant. Were that to occur, she might well find her way back to his pallet and give her body to him willingly. Against all she believed, against years of upbringing. She was not some waterfront whore, not meant to be a momentary distraction for a man from the boredom of a long sea voyage but she realized, all too clearly, that were she to allow herself, she would become just that.
It seemed that each night he waited there, just beyond the soft misty tendrils of slumber, to again gather her within his arms. His mouth, warm and teasing would sear her lips, her breasts. She could almost feel the lean hard muscle of his sun-darkened back beneath her hands, the power in his frame as he pressed down upon her and she welcomed him. Her eyes would open, staring into the darkness, with his name bursting from her lips and of late, her outbursts had awakened Bridgett. It was becoming frightening to even sleep.
His disposition had continued to be gentle and caring since that evening. At each meeting, his eyes would be tender and his manner at ease, until she pricked his pride, goading him into yet another confrontation. She knew she must or resign herself to succumbing to the dreams of her endless nights and if she were to succumb, what then? What if she were to take his seed? Perhaps even now his child could be growing within.
Her mind conjured terrible scenes: her growing heavy with child under her aunt’s roof; Bridgett’s shock and horror that she had lain with a man without the marriage vows so important to Bridgett’s sensibilities. Returning home to face the Roche’s with a bastard child in her arms. All these images helped to strengthen her resolve against him and that which she longed to share once more.

***

Stephen took the steps to the helm in one bound, relieving Davison from his shift. His eyes scanned the ship and fell upon Desiree as she was joined by Bridgett. He noted the brilliant smile bestowed upon the older woman and grit his teeth in rage. I will rout the wench from my mind if it is the last thing I ever do, he silently vowed. He had felt the bite of her rancor for the last time. She was but one of many women, there would be many more and once rid of her presence, day after day, he would again be in control.
But during his tortured nights, he had to admit, she had gotten into his blood. He had never thought he could succumb to any woman or those possessive, elusive emotions other men displayed but he was feeling them and he could not deny it, at least not to himself.
He had tried everything he could think of to bring her back to him. He had begged her for forgiveness. He had talked until he was weary. He had confronted her with the truth, trying to force her to see what had really happened that night for what it had been, but she preferred lying to herself and to him. He had tried to ignore the subject altogether, to simply share warm conversation with her as they once had, but she threw it up in his face every time they met. Never allowing them to get past it, never giving him the warmth he was now desperate to recapture. What more could he do? Get down on his knees, grovel at her feet? She would most likely laugh in his face.
Since the first time he had possessed a woman, any need had been eased in a moment of passion, but not so this time. Not only did he agonize over the need to feel her body beneath his own once more but also for that which lay beneath her womanly allure. He had come to know her moods, her quick wit and quicker mind and the loss of her was devastating. It seemed that with attaining that completing bond between them he had destroyed all.



Chapter Sixteen


The ship groaned and strained under the effort as it sought to tack windward against the prevailing winds. With an order from the helm the sails were trimmed and again the ship cut through the wind, at an odd angle, making progress by zigzagging across the ocean.
Desiree had stood at the rail for hours at a time in the past few days as they passed the stark wilderness of North America. Along the coast, the harsh terrain was dotted with signs of civilization, becoming more frequent as they moved south. Rustic towns flourished and even from the distance, she could see buildings at Bar Harbor. In just two short days they would arrive at Portsmouth and she yearned for the feel of solid ground beneath her feet.

***

It was a late morning, late in the month of July when they approached Portsmouth, New Hampshire. At first the scene resembled France and ports along England but was revealed to be distinctively different as they moved closer. Although through the spyglass she held to her eye, Desiree could see the activity was very similar; hectic, dirty, with crates and livestock waiting to be loaded and ships large and small all doing business, the buildings and warehouses looked somehow unfinished, plain. Not what she was accustomed to seeing on the coast of France.
The endless wilderness seemed to crowd in all around the small hamlet. She wondered when or if she would get a glimpse of the gigantic white pine trees used for the masts in the booming ship building industry which Stephen had told her about once during their discussions. She did see the islands dotting the entrance to Portsmouth that flourished with fisheries, which he had told her would be one of the first sights as they approached. Those discussions, during their times together, seemed so very long ago at this point.
She and Bridgett stood quietly watching as the New World came into distinct detail before their eyes. And as they observed the land, the captain joined them, speaking to Bridgett while keeping his eyes intentionally averted from Desiree. He leaned against the rail beside Bridgett as he looked out over the water and Desiree could not help her sense of longing as she watched his face, while appearing to look past him to the land.
“That coastline there, as far as you can see, is New Hampshire and yet it spans only just over four leagues. That harbor there is the mouth of the Piscataque River and leads up near Dover. That will be my stop after leaving you ladies here at Portsmouth before I head on down the coast to Virginia. We will be docking within the hour and I will be escorting you straight to your aunt’s home, Miss Chandelle.”
His brittle regard fell upon her and Desiree’s stomach fluttered with the brief encounter. Then he abruptly turned on his heels, going about his duties and the next hour flew by as the men prepared to land at Portsmouth.

***

Stephen led the women up the narrow cobblestone path toward town and Desiree found herself looking at the foreheads of the men passing by for the brand Stephen had once told her indicated punishment from years past but she saw none. They walked amid a throng of people; men dressed in buckskin tunics and long breeches, women in styles subdued but not unlike France. Desiree noticed a peculiar absence of small children who had lined the streets of Le Havre, begging for food or coin. All children seemed to be in the company of their parents and all were dressed well, if not particularly clean.
A few shops dotted the road and Desiree stopped to admire a window displaying fine furniture. The styles were elegant, wonderfully carved with brightly stuffed cushions.
Stephen noticed her halting and stopped beside her. “Most of the finer arts of Europe are gradually finding their way here. Wood for the making of furniture is abundant and there are local craftsman so imports of such are no longer in demand.”
Desiree nodded her affirmation and looked away, losing interest in her browsing. Stephen shrugged his shoulders, with a shake of his head and continued on his way.
As they walked close behind the captain so as not to lose him in the crowd, from somewhere up ahead, a shrill squeal above the bustle caught their attention and from out of the crowd, a young girl emerged. Dressed in a dark crimson gown, she stood out like a sore thumb and to Desiree’s surprise she rushed up and flung herself into Stephen’s arms. Desiree was taken aback by the ardent kiss she placed upon his mouth, in broad daylight and in public no less.
The girl’s décolletage was indecently low, nearly spilling forth her charms, as she crushed herself against Stephen’s broad chest and Desiree felt her ire coming up. When the girl finally pulled back, she was truly shocked to see how young she was, possibly a bit younger than herself and so brazen. She was absolutely enthralled with Captain Colter.
She was pretty, Desiree conceded, with auburn hair in bouncy cascading ringlets, falling about her shoulders, striking features, full lips. But it could be easily assumed by her daring garb that she was a serving maid, probably from a local tavern. The captain did not seem ruffled by the familiarity of the girl, in fact, he had welcomed her happily and his arms had come about her slightly buxom figure with ease, a broad grin breaking out upon his face.
“Stephen Colter!” she cried with pleasure. “I haven’t seen ye for nigh on to six months now, luv. It’s been so long, too long!” Her eyes flitted down his frame, resting indecently long on his well-fitting breeches. “Say ye will be comin’ to the Commons this eve. Ye will be, won’t ye?” she beamed hungrily.
Stephen inclined his head to the two standing beside him and Desiree’s eyes caught his for a moment. She glared at him, for once without looking away.
“I have an errand to run first, Lass,” he smiled broadly at the giddy girl. “Heather, you do my sorry state good. Missed me did you?” he chuckled, ignoring Desiree’s glare.
Heather opened her mouth to reply but looking past him to the two women instead pulled him close, whispering quietly in his ear and he roared with laughter.
“I’ll see you later, sweet. After I deposit my passengers safely at their destination,” he promised with a wink.
Desiree watched the girl Heather pout prettily, kicking idly at the cobblestones with a slippered foot and then lace her fingers before her. "I’ll be waitin’ for ye,” she assured with another kiss and flounced off down toward the docks.
Stephen turned to Desiree and Bridgett momentarily. “My apologies, ladies. I hope your delicate sensibilities were not offended. The lady meant no harm. She is quite young and ardent.”
His eyes purposefully fell to Desiree’s and she could feel the color coming up in her cheeks. She glared at him, angry and hurt, although she did not completely understand why. It was none of her business what he did or with whom. Yet she felt as if the young woman and he shared some secret together, of which she was well aware, but an outsider. The feeling of envy was most disturbing.
He led the way again without another look at her and soon they arrived before a large two-story house. It was whitewashed, with flowerbeds in late bloom, adorning the foundation. It is a fine home, Desiree thought, large and gracious. A tower atop the roof circled by a banister caught her eye and she wondered what purpose it served. She wanted to ask Stephen but thought better of it. He opened a black wrought iron gate and she entered, leaving him at the fence.
Stephen waited at the gate as they knocked upon the door and a young servant opened the portal. The two followed the girl inside and the door closed. Just like that they were gone, without a word of farewell. With a sigh of relief, he thought, Free of that unnerving woman at last. Now I can clear her from my mind and get back to my normal state. With a lighthearted whistle he started down the road, feeling the weight of the past weeks swiftly lifting.

***

The maid allowed Desiree and Bridgett into the front hall and when Desiree informed her of her name and relationship to her mistress, the girl curtsied and hurried off to find the lady of the house.
While waiting, Desiree looked about the rooms visible from the front hall, taking note of the steep staircase stretching to the second floor. Finely polished oak banisters glistened in the late morning sun spilling in from a small window at the top of the case. The floors were polished until they glowed with brilliant luster.
The furniture was handsome and had an English air about it, not as ornate or fragile as French styles. A mammoth stone fireplace took up the majority of one wall on the far side of a spacious front room.
Bridgett watched Desiree’s face, looking for some sign of her mood concerning the abrupt leaving of the captain, without so much as a word to Desiree or herself. He had looked as if he had wanted to say something just as they entered the gate leaving him there, but had decided against it. This occurrence held with the mood of late, which had developed aboard ship, leaving her very much baffled.

***

Within minutes gleeful laughter preceded Colette Dubois as she rushed through the front room with arms outstretched toward Desiree. “Oh, my sweet! How you have grown! Bridgett my dear, how are you?” She squeezed Bridgett’s hand in her own, then embraced Desiree once more.
Taking both Desiree’s hands, she held her back to get a better look. “Oh you have grown so very beautiful! You are the image of your mother at your age. What on earth are you doing here? Are your parents with you? How are they?” she gushed excitedly.
Desiree was in confusion. She had sent word of the accident months ago, well before they had begun their journey. “Did you not receive my letter?”
“No, not for six months at least. What is it, Desiree?” Colette could see something amiss in her niece’s face and fear gripped her.
“Come,” Desiree urged, leading Colette by the hand into the front room and taking a seat beside her upon a sofa.
“Aunt Colette, Mama and Papa were both killed in a carriage accident months ago back in May. I sent word to you then, honestly I did.”
Colette covered her mouth in horror and she sobbed, grieving the loss of her sister and brother-in-law as though the events were fresh and new. Desiree found herself swept into the mourning as well and they held one another as Bridgett helped her to relate the events which had prompted their visit.

***

It was much later, when the shock began to subside and the three sat, shaken and drained, sipping at warm tea. They talked of their immediate plans for the future and Colette assured them they would be welcome in her home for as long as they wished to remain.
Desiree smiled softly at her dear aunt who looked so similar to her own mother, feeling very happy she had decided to make this trip. Colette seemed to have lost some of the gaiety and laughter which had once shown in her face but then her memory of her was limited. They had been in the colonies for over ten years now but she did remember how much she had loved her mother’s older sister. She was still beautiful, with the same dark hair and eyes her mother had possessed and yet her features were subdued, while her mothers had been as she had inherited, very defined and vivid.
“Mum, the ladies rooms are readied,” the young maid who had shown them in stated from the front hall.
“Thank you, Theresa, I will show them myself,” Colette said dismissing the maid then she smiled brightly at Desiree. “Shall we?”

***

“Here we are,” Colette announced stopping at a second floor room and opening the door, preceded them in. “I am afraid we have dispensed with sitting rooms over here altogether. It is simply impossible to keep such large areas warm in the winter,” she shrugged, watching Desiree take in her new quarters.
“It’s lovely,” Desiree remarked approvingly.
The room was light and airy with a sloping ceiling following the steep roof. Two window seats were nuzzled in alcoves formed by dormers. A plush lemon yellow rug lightened the dark walnut floor and the same yellow was carried throughout the room with the spread and canopy of a poster bed and draperies at the windows. After so many weeks at sea, on a small lumpy pallet, the heavy feather ticking of the bed felt like heaven as Desiree took a seat there.
“Desiree dear, while I show Bridgett to her room, why don’t you stay and rest? We can talk more later,” Colette suggested, seeing Desiree relish the unfamiliar comfort.
“Thank you, Aunt Colette. I am rather worn and this glorious bed is calling to me.” She sighed.
The door closed behind them and Desiree removed her hat placing it upon a dressing table, then walking to a window seat, she reclined in the cozy alcove, leaning back against the wall and looking out at the busy street below. Large old trees dotted the lane here and there, and heavy horse drawn carts rumbled down a cobblestone road. Watching one pass by, she followed it with her eyes until it cleared the end of the lane, heading toward the docks.
As the cart turned the corner, she saw a man in tan breeches and a simple white shirt, striding down the road, with his collar length hair the color of spun gold and with a certain gait to his walk. Stephen Colter; there was no mistaking him. He turned toward the dock area and then disappeared from view. She wondered where he had been, causing him to just now be returning to his ship. He had left them here more than an hour ago. Probably giving some woman a helping of his charm, she thought with jealous ire.
Reminding herself that it was none of her affair, Desiree stood from the seat dismissing him from her mind. She lay across the large expanse of the canopied bed and it seemed almost before her head touched the down-filled pillows she fell into a very comfortable sleep.
Through a blur of rolling, frothing waves, the light blond hair and brown eyes loomed in gigantic proportions just above the crest of the thundering sea. She ran along the deck of the Windward, grasping the rail and raising on her toes to catch a glimpse, unable to keep him in sight as the ocean roared forlornly about her.
Abruptly he was there beside her on the deck. His hands were folded, hanging over the rail as he leaned his arms there. The wind rippled his shirt and ruffled his hair as he gazed solemnly across the open ocean. He seemed unaware of her and she drank in his presence, greedily studying his face which at the moment was expressionless. The eyes were so dark that on another man they might appear evil or menacing but they were twinkling, warm and rich on him. The lips were closed gently; not full, not thin. Oh how she longed to feel those lips possessing her own. To be lost in the warmth of those eyes or see the flash of a cocky grin and the dimples which appeared at those times. He was so close and yet seemed a world away from her.
The scene changed once more and then all of a sudden she was in his cabin, moving beside a bed where he lay deep in sleep. She watched his naked chest rise and fall with the slow regular rhythm of his breathing. The soft expression of slumber gave almost a boyish quality to his handsome face.
She reached out to caress the furry softness of his chest and spoke his name in a whisper. His eyes opened and he smiled, reaching out to roll her over his body and onto the bed beside him. Her arms encircled his neck while his lips tested hers and she eagerly returned his kiss.
“You do care don’t you, Desiree? You do want me.”
“Oh yes, Stephen, so very much.”
He chuckled then grew serious. “No pain, this is a gift for sharing.”
He moved atop her and she welcomed him happily, holding him to her as his body possessed hers totally. She kissed him fiercely and then all at once he gasped, pulling back from her with a moan. His face was contorted with pain as he slipped from the bed, staggering to his feet. That is when she saw it, from out of nowhere, the hilt of the blue sapphire dagger protruded from his belly. He stared at her in amazement and she screamed his name as he fell to the floor.

***

The late afternoon sun shone through the sheers when Desiree abruptly came awake. Tears slipped down her face unchecked, feeling a horrible loss, feeling heartbroken. The dream was still vivid in her mind until conscious rationale brought her back to reality and she was spared, once more, the torture of what she had imagined she had done.
The door opened suddenly and Bridgett hurried to the bedside. “Desiree, I heard you call out child. Are you all right?”
Desiree covered her face with her arm. “It was only a dream,” she whispered, hiding her tears from her nurse.
“Dinner will be served soon and your uncle is downstairs. Would you like to go down now?”
“Oh, Oui. Of course. Would you help me to change for dinner?” she sat up and wiped her eyes with the back of her hands.
“I will just call for your luggage. It was left in the front hall because you were sleeping.”
Bridgett hurried out and Desiree rose from the bed, moving about the unfamiliar room. Stopping to look out the window to the place she had last glimpsed Stephen, her mind went again to the dream. The feeling of loss still persisted. A heaviness in her heart which made her want to burst into sobs.
“Get out of my mind,” she whispered, with her forehead against the cool windowpane. “Please leave me alone.”

***

Desiree came down the stairs to be greeted by her uncle’s smiling face as he watched her descend.
“Desiree, is that you my dearest?” he teased. “Surely not! Our Desiree was as skinny as a rail, with tousled hair and all legs as I recall.”
Desiree stopped upon the stairs, her rich satin gown of lilac frothing about her and smiled mischievously. “Surely, you sir cannot be my Uncle Maurice! Why, he was as tall as a tree and no growth of bristles covered his dear face.” She shook her head.
“Get down here, you impudent child and give your uncle a hug!” he ordered, holding open his arms. Desiree hurried down the last few steps and into his embrace.
“Oh, my sweet Desiree, Colette told me of the sad fate of your dear family. I cannot begin to express my sorrow for your loss. How are you, truly?” He set her upon her feet before him.
“Uncle Maurice, merci. I truly am better now. I miss them terribly but each day that passes brings less pain. I am coming to terms with my loss. I feel journeying here was a wise decision on my part. I am very happy to be here. I only wish that it would not have taken a tragedy to finally bring me to your home.” She placed a light kiss upon his cheek. “What possessed you to become a hairy bear?” she teased, touching his coarse whiskers.
“The cold winters, my dear. You shall see in but a few short months. You shall be taken to heavy mittens and woolen stockings as are the rest of our hardy lot,” he chuckled, taking her arm and leading her to the dining room.



Chapter Seventeen


Within a few short days Desiree had settled in, comfortable with the surroundings, and enchanted with the town of Portsmouth. Her dreams were still plagued by Captain Colter and he would come to her offering her the pleasures and warmth she longed to share with him still but now that the burden that she might be with child had been lifted she was able to relax and enjoy her Aunt Colette’s hospitality wholeheartedly.
One morning the three women strolled leisurely up the cobblestone path edging the road which led to the main street of town. Colette did not own a carriage, an unheard of idea in France, but Portsmouth was so condensed that all parts could be comfortably journeyed to on foot and Desiree found the walk invigorating.
Arriving at the main street, the walks were crowded with colonials, as they favored calling themselves, going about their daily routines. The three glanced at the carts they passed, admiring the wares, stopping here and there to browse through the goods.
Colette was at one such cart, fingering a bolt of heavy wool, thinking aloud of the winter and the need for heavy undergarments again coming upon them. Desiree touched the coarse fabric, almost recoiling as Colette spoke of the heavy pantaloons she could make. The idea of such roughness against her skin was uncomfortable for Desiree to even imagine.
Glancing ahead down the street, Desiree happened to catch sight of a man. Pale blond curls gleamed in the sun and then in a blink he was gone, blocked from her view by the tricorn of a man before her on the walk. Her heart seemed to miss a beat.
As they started off once more, Desiree walked on tiptoes briefly, trying to catch sight of him again. He was stopped, speaking with a hawker, and as they approached she held her breath in anticipation. His head turned and she expected the warm dark eyes, the lean suntanned face but it was not to be. The man was much older, with milky white skin, an obtrusive nose and a pointed chin. She nearly moaned out loud in anguish and quickly tried to turn her attention to Bridgett and Colette as they chatted gaily beside her but it was no use and thoughts of Stephen flooded her head.
She knew in the reasonable recesses of her mind that it could not have been Stephen but still her heart had leapt with hope just the same. Why, she wondered? What on earth was this hold he had over her every moment? She knew that had it been him, she would have looked the other way, would not have greeted him nor expected a greeting from him. She was being ridiculous. It had been over a week now since he had left them unceremoniously at Colette’s door and walked off back into his own world without so much as a farewell but then she hadn’t really expected one. What on earth was the matter with her? He seemed to be branded on her mind, her body, to her very soul and now her mind was playing tricks on her. She was seeing him places where he simply could not be.
He was in Dover now or more likely back out to sea, heading to his next destination. He was out of her life so why couldn’t she put the thoughts of him, and all that had happened, behind her? She had no answer and she knew that even if she didn’t allow one thought of him to invade her head during the day, he would still be there each night. And she would go on a frustrating search for him, or make passionate love with him, or witness that hideous dagger invade his body and wake in tears, feeling a terrible loss.
Bridgett hooked arms with her, pulling her thoughts back from the war going on within her own mind. “So what do you say, Desiree, yes or no?”
“I’m sorry Bridgett…I wasn’t listening. What did you ask?”
“We asked if you would like to stroll to the harbor and watch the mast ship leave port.”
“Mast ship?” she questioned.
Colette laughed brightly hooking her other arm in her own and leading her in the direction of the docks. “As I just told you moments ago sweet, about ten shipments a year leave Portsmouth in route to England. Yes, mast ships. They are specially designed ships which hold the huge pine masts that will become the centerpieces of the Royal Navy. It is quite a sight to see. These trees come from the White Mountains and are so huge that it takes ninety or more oxen to bring them out of the forest to the river. Then the trees are floated down to Portsmouth to be loaded up into these ships. Just come along silly, I will show you what I mean.”
Bridgett laughed as the two led Desiree along. “I swear, Desiree, I wish I could see what is in your head! Where are you child, when you miss entire conversations? Some distant star?”
Desiree pouted, shooting an injured look at first one and then the other of her companions. “Enjoy your baiting me you two, you’ll not ruffle my feathers today. I am immune,” she quipped good-naturedly, thinking silently that she was thankful they were unaware of her thoughts and where they seemed forever to stray.



Chapter Eighteen


Desiree was up early on a bright Saturday morning, preparing with excitement for the day ahead. She fidgeted anxiously as she waited on Bridgett to finish with her hair. It was piled atop her head, with soft ringlets feathering about her neck and along her face. Then she slipped into the light blue gown of cotton which would be comfortable today. The décolletage was of an attractive display but not overmuch for a daytime affair and the layers of cotton underskirt would actually be cooling and would be a blessing in the heat of the afternoon. Although it was nearly mid August and still hot, Colette assured that within just a few weeks the weather would begin to cool and the lush stands of trees along the riverbanks as well as throughout the town would begin to turn to tawny browns, oranges and crimsons, putting on their autumn finery.
Desiree turned before her reflection in the large mirrored table, smiling sweetly at Bridgett who awaited her approval. “Merci, Bridgett. Shall we be off?” she bubbled excitedly.
“You sure are chipper about this outing. You act as though you are attending a ball!” Bridgett observed, moving toward the door.
“Oh, but it is! At least, I fear the closest we shall come to a ball in Portsmouth,” Desiree replied gaily taking Bridgett’s arm in hers. “You cannot tell me you are not a tad anxious for something other than window shopping. Anything at this point is a welcomed distraction,” she laughed, as she scampered down the stairs before her.
“It will be interesting to have a look at the way these Colonials entertain,” Bridgett conceded.
After three weeks in the small town, Desiree was familiar with every aspect having been to every point of interest, some more than once. She had found Stephen had been correct in stating that entertainments were few. Then too, she was unaccustomed to being so impeded. She had never lived in a town proper, always on the wide open grounds of her estate and found life in this tiny hamlet was rather hindering. Riding horses for leisure, always so much a part of her days at home, seemed unheard of here. There was no necessity requiring a ride either, for every destination was in easy walking distance. Then also she missed having the chance to slip off her shoes and walk barefoot through the meadows or the opportunity to go swimming and she was beginning to miss her freedom terribly.
Hearing voices below, they entered the front room and her uncle came to his feet, admiring his niece with a slow smile as he exclaimed, “I swear child, you look lovely. Colette, you remind me to keep my eye on this gem. We will have every young buck in Portsmouth ogling her today.”
“Uncle, you always were a flatterer,” Desiree quipped with a shake of her head.
“Shall we be off?” Colette asked, taking her husband’s arm.
“Oui, I can hardly stand to wait a moment more!” Desiree exclaimed, turning for the door.

***

As they strolled down the walk, the sound of fiddles from the riverfront playing a festive tune quickened Desiree’s steps. The streets were clogged with exuberant colonials; children raced along, shouting and laughing. It was a break in the everyday toils and most welcomed by all. The crops were healthy, harvest was just around the corner and Portsmouth had time on its hands to spare.
They walked into the grassy clearing, canopied by tall trees, next to the Piscataque River and the music enveloped the scene from a quartet of fiddlers located under a stand of dogwood trees near the water’s edge. Large wooden tables, laden with a wide variety of the fall bounty of fruits and vegetables and other foods, were displayed beneath a canvas canopy and they stopped there briefly as Colette took a basket from Maurice’s hand, adding her offerings to the fare.
They wandered about then, pausing here and there when a greeting was called out. There were possibly a hundred townsfolk here and half again as many children racing about. Everywhere was noise and laughter, movement and color. Desiree lost count at a score in her introductions, barely catching one name before Colette or Maurice added another. She would never be able to remember a one, she knew. It was totally overwhelming.
Activities began to get underway and the crowds dispersed, moving along the edges of the clearing and stopping at contests which interested them. Desiree and Bridgett followed along behind Maurice, stopping with him at a wide circle of onlookers crowded about wooden tables. Five men each were seated at four tables and each with a basket before him.
“What is this?” Desiree quietly asked Colette.
“It’s a corn husk, dear. What they will do is strip the green leaves and silks off each cob, exposing the corn. The first to finish his bushel wins the competition. I believe a ribbon with be the prize, bragging rights and of course we shall be feasting thanks to their labors at our noonday meal.”
The crowd quieted as a man explained the rules to the contestants and then with a shout, the contest was underway. The onlookers roared with laughter, shouting encouragement as green leaves and silk began flying in all directions.
Within a few short minutes, from the chaotic shower of greenery, emerged a winner. A young man leapt to his feet, raising a corncob in the air and the judge rushed over, verifying his win. The onlookers applauded wildly as the young man stood upon a bench accepted his blue ribbon and took a deep bow.
The next group of competitors readied for their go, while Desiree and Bridgett followed Maurice and Colette across the clearing to a small inlet of calm water off the main bank of the river where they waited to witness log rolling. The long barren log was held in the chest deep water by a lad, on either end, while two men stood atop readying for battle. With a shout from a neutral party, the contest began and Desiree watched, fascinated as the men began to turn the log. Sprays of water beaded up beneath their feet as they turned the log, first forward and then backward, trying to topple their opponent. Shortly one lost his balance and fell with a splash into the river.
The winner was a middle-aged man in buckskins who moved nimbly upon the turning log as another man prepared to mount up and after doing so, the contest began again.
“His name is Bart Miller. He wins every year,” Colette commented as another fell beneath his onslaught, landing with a whoop and a spray of water in the cool river as a roar of cheers went up among the onlookers.
Next it was on to a display of patchwork quilts and Colette pointed with pride to the quilt she had been involved in. It was a scene of colony life. Each of the brightly colored squares depicting a different aspect of life in Portsmouth while other projects were graced with flower patterns or unusual designs.
“This is one of my favorite pastimes in the winter months. It is a chance to get together with other women and chat while doing something constructive,” Colette explained, admiring the other works. “Perhaps we will have to get you involved this winter.”
Desiree frowned slightly. “I have never taken to needlework, I am afraid. It was never my strong suit.”
“To be sure,” Bridgett laughed.
Desiree laughed along with her nurse remembering times in the past when Bridgett would be literally chasing her about the parlor, sampler in hand, trying to force her to participate. Bridgett could never understand why she didn’t enjoy the art of sewing but Desiree had always considered it tedious and she could never sit still long enough to complete any project.

***

At noon, lunch was served and they filled their plates, taking seats at tables situated near the canvas canopy. Sharing a table with an assortment of colonials, both Desiree and Bridgett sat quietly for the most part, enjoying the casual atmosphere and listening to bits and pieces of conversations. Being foreigners, they had little of interest to add.
After their repast, there were mule pulls to witness, a shooting gallery and a number of logging related matches such as a tree climbing, hatchet throwing, block chopping and crosscut competitions.
There was also a spelling bee for the children and this is where Desiree found herself pausing; standing with a tense cluster of mothers, watching their youngsters’ strain to spell unfamiliar words with their little faces twisted up in concentration and doubt. Desiree tensed with each letter slowly pronounced and all breathed a sigh of relief as each child spelled their word, advancing to the next stage of the competition.
Desiree lost track of how long she remained there but when she looked around, she noticed she was alone. Bridgett and the others had disappeared. She scanned the crowds but saw no one she recognized. Unperturbed, she walked about the clearing, searching half-heartedly for her companions.
She stood for a time near the musicians, listening to the unusual squeaky strains of the fiddles. She was accustomed to the symphony and the gentle flow of violins and decided this type of music might take some time to acquire a taste for. She applauded politely as the men finished a piece, receiving appreciative nods from the foursome, then she strolled along the riverbank until the music and noise of the festival became muffled, with the distance between her and the activities.
She leaned against an ancient tree, looking out across the river dotted with islands toward the ocean. A ship was moving across the outer bay and her mind turned to thoughts of Stephen Colter and where he might be now. Her gaze wandered to the dense foliage along the opposite bank which was becoming faded and tawny in the first of autumn’s glory and as she enjoyed the quiet moment, she had a strange feeling come upon her, as if she were being watched. She glanced about, seeing no one and turned back to the river but the feeling persisted and a sense of fear began to gnaw at her without a clue as to why she should be feeling afraid.
She turned from the river starting back toward the activities, no longer feeling serene in her solitude and as she started past a tree, a man stepped out from behind and stood before her.
“Might ye be Miss Chandelle?” he asked pleasantly with a smile.
He had bright red hair, flaming red and a heavy Scottish accent. She looked past him and could see the clearing was a good distance away and her fear mounted.
“What business do you have with me, Monsieur?” she managed to ask as her eyes darted about looking for an avenue of escape.
“Easy, Lass,” he said gently, sensing she was about to flee.
Before she had time to react, he had her about the waist and his hand clamped over her mouth as he dragged her to the riverbank. Standing behind a tree to shield himself from the view of anyone in the clearing, he whistled softly and a sloop drifted below the bank with two more men aboard.
“That be the lassie?” one of the men asked in an Irish brogue.
“Aye,” the Scotsman chuckled, with his mouth near her ear.
Desiree began squirming, doing her best to try and kick him in the shins as he held her firmly with her back to his chest. He only laughed the harder.
“O’Malley, grab hold! This little hellcat be almost too much to handle.”
Desiree was lowered over the high bank and the man called O’Malley grabbed her kicking legs while the other took her by the waist and replaced the Scotsman’s hand across her mouth with his own. This was quickly replaced by a strip of white linen, worked between her clenched teeth, and tied tightly behind her head.
As the Scotsman hopped down into the sloop, Desiree’s hands were bound behind her back as a burlap bag was lowered over her head and secured about her hips.
“Now get down Lass and don’t make a move,” O’Malley warned, pushing her gently to the bottom of the sloop near their feet.
“Let’s be off lest ye want to be caught at it,” the Scotsman ordered and they went about the task, using long poles to push the craft out into the river toward the bay.
“Don’t move, Lass.” he said under his breath.
Desiree could guess that they were moving close to shore, where the festival was taking place and then they were well out into the river and she heard the men chuckle and sigh in relief.
The minutes ticked slowly by and in spite of her terror, Desiree was painfully aware of her own discomfort. The bag was stifling and her shoulder ached where it rested against the rough-hewn floor of the boat. It seemed an eternity had passed and she felt as though she might lose consciousness from lack of air at any moment, when finally the boat slowed and she could feel and hear a dull thud and scraping. Then strong arms had her about the waist again and were heaving her up into the air, where more hands grabbed hold of her.
“Well ye got her did ye?” a man chuckled close by.
She could feel the familiar rolling of a ship beneath her feet, as she was set lightly upon the deck. The burlap sack was removed from her head, the bindings from her wrists and the kerchief from her mouth and she found herself standing amid a crew of men and two of those present kept her in check with firm handholds upon her wrists.
As she surveyed the group of men, watching her with obvious curiosity, she had no doubt whatsoever that these men were surely pirates. She had never seen one, had never heard a description of what a pirate looked like or a detail about what sort of man a pirate might be, but she was in the midst of a den of them, she was sure.
Her first impression was that these men looked dangerous. Bearded, dressed in brightly colored tunics or leather vests, some wore earrings and soiled bandanas over long shaggy hair. There was no shortage of swords, for most had their piece hanging from their waistbands.
She looked across the ship toward land and saw that they were well out in the harbor, close to open sea. No other vessels were even within calling or swimming distance and she knew she could never swim the distance to shore. Her line of vision was interrupted by the red haired Scotsman hauling himself slowly over the side of the ship and coming to stand before her.
“What a beauty!” he announced breathlessly with a grin and turned to the helm. “Let’s be underway!” he yelled and the men went into a flurry of activity.
Desiree looked up to the masts, seeing a shower of white canvas drop down as they prepared to set full sail. “No!” she screamed, as she was led across the deck, heading below. She fought with all her might, trying to break free and run for the rail but the Scotsman and the one called O’Malley, stepped up to assist their mates and between the four, they dragged her, kicking and screaming, down the stairs.
She was forced into a captain’s quarters and obviously the Scotsman held that title, for he walked around the desk and fell back into his chair with a humph, exhausted by the effort of restraining her. She was ushered to a chair and sat weeping, just on its edge, as she glared across at the man.
His beard matched exactly the fiery red of his hair. His skin was freckled and weathered. His body stocky and well-muscled, with beefy arms and a middle aged paunch which shook as his boisterous laugher filled the cabin while he observed her.
“Here now, me sweet lassie, ye need na’ weep. Macintosh means ye no harm. Ye be na’ but a wee slip of a girl, are ye? Tell Mac what ye did to have such a large price paid fer yer disappearance.”
“I have no idea what you are talking about. Paid to take me? By whom? And to where?” she asked in total confusion.
“Aye Lass, that I were. A goodly sum it were, too. I know na’ the bloke, ‘twas done through—ye might say—channels but I were told to make sure ye did na’ come back. Will ye tell me what ye have done to make such an enemy, that ye need be spirited away?”
“I have done nothing. I have no idea what this is about. I’ve just arrived here from France.”
“Aye, I know all that. Ye be stayin’ in a house near the sea. We been watchin’ ye for some time now, waitin’ for just the right moment,” he nodded.
“Where are you taking me? What is to become of me now? Am I to be killed?” Desiree surprised herself by her ability not only to speak but to have her voice sound strong, much braver than she felt.
“Killed! Na’, Lassie. I may be a lot of things but no murderer. Ye will be taken with me to me Cap, Captain Greaves. Ye will be our guest at Nevis.”
“Nevis!” she shrieked incredulously.
“Aye, it be a lovely island off the coast of Venezuela…”
“I know where it is, Monsieur!” she interrupted angrily. She knew her geography quite well and was also well aware of the reputation of that part of the world as the most dreaded and vermin ridden den of outlaws known to civilized man.
“Twill enjoy yer stay there, I be sure of it,” he stated matter-of-factly.
“But what of my family? They will have no idea what has become of me. Please Captain, can’t I pay you double the amount you received? Triple the sum! I am wealthy. I can pay whatever you require.” He was shaking his head before she had even finished.
“Na, Lassie. I canna’ be takin’ yer money and leavin’ me first job undone. Do na’ fear, ye will be made comfortable here and I be sure the Cap, Red Legs he be called, will be more n’ pleased to have ye as his house guest.”
“For how long?” she whispered as real terror began to set in. She was being taken to practically the other side of the world, with no chance of escape.
“Well, I had na thought on that. The deal were ye should be taken care of permanently but a course I couldn’t do such a thing. We be haf’n to wait and see what the Cap has to say on it. O’Malley here will show ye to yer cabin. Trust me Lass, twill be a very enjoyable voyage. We will be seein’ to yer every need.”
“Enjoyable voyage?” Desiree burst out with a sob. “I haven’t even clothing for a journey. I am completely unprepared!” She realized after uttered how ridiculous it sounded. That she should be concerned with her wardrobe at a time like this. The pirate looked at her as if he feared she had lost her senses. Concern wrinkled his brow.
“Lassie, I think we should talk more later. When ye have had time to adjust to yer situation.” His attention lifted to the man O’Malley and he took a pace toward her. “O’Malley here will see ye to yer room now. I will be in later to speak wit’ ye.”
Desiree was brought to her feet by O’Malley who held her arm firmly, leading her from the cabin. She was ushered down the passageway to a small compartment, furnished similarly to what she had become accustomed to on the Windward. She was left standing in the middle of the room and the door was closed and locked behind her. She looked about but could find no means of escape—she was trapped. She felt the ship moving out to sea, cleaving the waves and she was on her way to the Spanish Main.

***

Bridgett had been the first to notice Desiree’s disappearance but by the time she realized something was amiss, it was late in the day. She searched frantically about the riverbank, while Maurice and Colette began inquiring of people around the clearing.
Only small bits of information were available. The musicians’ recalled a pretty young woman in a blue dress standing close and listening before she wandered off down to the river’s edge and another man had noticed something strange about the time of Desiree’s disappearance as well. Bart Miller pondered his sighting, trying to think of whom the red-haired man might have been who he had noticed hanging around.
“I can’t put a name with the face,” he sighed, shaking his head in apology. “But I will check around the docks and see what I can come up with,” he offered.
“In the meantime,” Maurice spoke up to the gathering of men waiting for some idea of how to proceed, “I think we should scout the entire area and make a search through the town.”
All nodded in agreement and the gathering of men split into groups, heading off. The search began in earnest but by now there was only little more than an hour of daylight remaining.

***

Desiree jumped up from the bed when she heard the key turn in the lock. She faced the door, clasping her hands tightly together to stop their trembling. A light knock sounded and she hesitantly called admittance.
“Evenin’, Lass,” Macintosh greeted her with a smile. He carried a tray in his hands and a bundle was tucked beneath his arm. He set the tray upon the table and then opened the bundle, laying out its contents across the bed as he spoke.
“These were bought at a little shop in Boston to be brought home fer the women who work at Red’s house. They ain’t much to look at but they be fresh and new and I be thinkin’ they might be ‘bout yer size, Lass. I ‘spect to get me a good tongue lashin’ from Red’s housekeeper Rena when we arrive but I feel ye be more in need o’ ‘em than the others, for the time bein’.”
He moved to take a seat at the table and watched Desiree as she touched the soft cotton things. They were very plain, simple dresses as a servant might wear and equally simple were several undergarments and a pair of leather sandals. She looked at him with a baffled expression.
“Thank you,” she managed softly, perplexed by the kind gesture.
“Think nothin’ of it. Would ye care to dine while we talk? I thought I might join ye, if ye have no objections.”
Desiree took a seat opposite him and he served her a heaping portion of vegetable beef stew and then filled his own plate. He offered her first pick of a basket of dinner rolls, helping himself to the remainder and poured her a tall glass of water.
“Miss Chandelle, I be sorry to have caused ye such fear and such an ordeal in yer life. It were not ever me intention to get meself and crew involved in it at all. It be business, nothin’ more. I haven’t a thing in it personally and we mean ye no harm, I want ye to believe that. In fact I turned down the job of stealing ye away but then I happened to hear who was thinking of takin’ it on and to be honest, it was fear for yer well being that changed me mind. The scum who was going to do the deed, would a surely followed the orders to the letter. After watching ye for a time, I had little doubt ye would have been made short work of by that bloke,” he said with a shudder. “I hates meetin’ up with the scum meself.” He shook his head, dismissing the subject and continued soberly, “As to our voyage I be wantin’ to talk about that wit’ ye. I have no want to see ye locked up fer the duration and when I leave tonight, I will be leavin’ yer door unlocked if I can trust ye na’ to throw yerself overboard.”
“Captain, I may be unhappy with this turn of events but I assure you I have no wish to die over them.” Desiree sighed with resignation, pushing her dinner about her plate with a fork as her appetite was non-existent.
“Would ye be wantin’ a bath this eve? I could have it arranged for ye when I leave.” he offered.
“No, that is not necessary,” she replied with a smile, unable to resist. She was surprised by the generous concessions he was willing to make for her comfort and she, a prisoner. He seemed such a happy sort of man. His Scottish brogue brought lightness to every word he uttered and she felt her fear lifting as she shared dinner with her captor.
Sometime later he rose and with the tray in hand, started for the door. “Then I be leavin’ ye to yer rest. Would ye be needin’ anythin’ else, Miss Chandelle?” he inquired, as he opened the door.
“Perhaps my freedom but I know that I shall not have,” she said wistfully.
“Ahhh Lassie, it won’t be bad. Wait ‘til ye gets a look at our little isle. Lovely tis’. I can’t begin to describe it but ‘tis beautiful. Now the door will be unlocked and ye be free to roam where ye will ‘bout the ship,” he reemphasized.
“Thank you for everything, Captain. I suppose even a thank you for saving my life is in order.”
“The name is Mac, Lass. None o’ this Captain, eh? Red be the only true captain of this motley crew.” He winked and closed the door gently behind him.

***

It was well after dark when Bart Miller came knocking at the door and Colette called for Bridgett as they all took seats in the front room to hear what news he had for them.
“Well, from checking around town, as near as we can figure, the man I saw was a pirate known as Macintosh. He hails from the Main.”
“Pirates! Oh dear Lord!” Bridgett sobbed, reaching for and clutching Collette’s offered hand. Colette squeezed it firmly.
“What can we do? Are their authorities who would help us?” Bridgett cried looking to Maurice for an answer.
“Well, we cannot be certain Desiree was taken by the man and even if we were, there are no British ships in this area, none at all here in Portsmouth. We will need to send to Cambridge or perhaps Boston. I fear that the trouble which plagued Desiree in France may have found its way to this shore,” Maurice stated solemnly.
“I have the same inkling of suspicion. Maybe this pirate is the man responsible for all our woes.” Bridgett agreed between broken sobs.
“Well we must move at once to mount a rescue. Once she is taken into the Main, there would be no way of locating her. There are a hundred islands, all infested with pirates,” Maurice stated. “Bart, is there any way you could head for the Boston or Cambridge landings?”
Miller halted his thoughtful pacing. “Yes, I could do that easy enough. It would take me less time to make it to Boston but days all the same. Then of course I will need to convince the authorities to take on this mission. I have my doubts they will even attempt it. They have little care to go into the Main for any reason. But I will see what they are willing to do,” he nodded.
Bridgett searched his eyes pleadingly and he smiled. “Don’t worry, Madame. She may be found in town yet tonight. Perhaps she simply wandered off. She may walk through the door at any time and we will find the rumor mill has taken us all in. I will come back in the morning before setting out for Boston, just to see if perhaps she has arrived back safely.”
Colette saw him to the door with a warm handshake as he departed. “Thank you for all your assistance, Mister Miller. We shall be looking for you in the morning.”
With a nod, he walked out into the night.

***

Bridgett found it impossible to sleep and after several hours of failed attempts, she finally donned her clothes and went downstairs to the kitchen, brewing herself a pot of tea. She sat at the table, staring into her cup, feeling completely helpless. Desiree had never imagined she might be in danger at Portsmouth and neither had she entertained such thoughts. The danger which had been evident in France, they assumed would remain there. She wiped her tears as they fell, wishing there were something she could do, while her mind conjured all kinds of awful scenes befalling Desiree at this very moment.



Chapter Nineteen


With the dawn of a new day, Bridgett stood from the table and stretched the kink from her back. The night had been interminable and as the day broke her thoughts were of what she might do to help in the search for Desiree.
Taking a spyglass from Maurice’s office, which she had used on previous occasions, she rose to the second story of the house and then climbed the steep flight of stairs to the cupola upon the roof. Pacing along the widow’s walk, she turned the glass to the sea and, of course, saw nothing. She knew it was hopeless but she felt she had to do something to feel as if she were being of some use in the search. She scanned the harbor and islands at the mouth of the river, then turned her attention below, scanning the dock area. She lowered the glass from her eye, then lifted it once more. She scanned again along the docks and then, yes! There in the early morning sun, she saw the gleaming brass fittings of a mainmast. She set the glass to the top of the foresail and the flag. It was the Windward. Captain Colter had returned. Without another thought, she dashed inside and awoke Maurice and Colette, informing them of this news and asking them to wait on her return before sending to Boston for the authorities.
Bridgett ran along the waterfront, looking to the masts for the familiar flag of the Windward. She hurried up the gangplank and across the deck, calling a quick greeting to Cunningham at the quarterdeck before rushing below, down the steps and along the passageway, directly to the captain’s quarters. After her sound knock, she heard movement within and the captain called admittance groggily.
Stephen was shocked, to say the least, to find the woman standing before him. He had just leapt from his bed, donning his breeches and now looked about the cabin for a shirt.
“Bridgett, what on earth are you doing here?” he questioned while slipping a shirt over his head.
“Captain, it is Desiree. I have no one else to turn to. I’m in desperate need of your help,” Bridgett blubbered.
“What is it, Bridgett? What has happened?” he asked with concern, gesturing to a chair. “Please sit.”
She was in tears and the reddened state of her eyes told of many hours of the same. Stephen felt a nagging fear begin to twist at his gut. “What has happened?” he repeated. “Where is Desiree?” He took a seat across from her at his desk.
Bridgett declined the seat, standing tensely before him. “Desiree has disappeared. She has been missing since yesterday. We have been unable to find her anywhere and have reason to believe she may have been taken by pirates!”
“Pirates?” Stephen exclaimed. “In Portsmouth?”
Bridgett nodded. “A pirate named Macintosh may have taken her!” She waited for his reaction but was dismayed when he leaned back in his seat, calmly stroking his jaw in thought.
Stephen considered this revelation with no belief that it could possibly be true. Absolutely no tales of Macintosh or his Captain, Red Legs Greaves had been heard for years now, not since he retired. For Greaves to take a chance and get back into this kind of game seemed highly unlikely.
“How could this have come about without your knowledge?” he inquired absently.
“We were at a festival near the river and she was separated from us for a time and a man on shore saw this, this Macintosh in the area.”
Stephen continued to ponder it in his mind, trying to make sense of it. Aloud he said, “It is hard to imagine Macintosh at such sport. He has been a pirate true enough but mostly tormenting Spanish and merchant vessels at sea.”
“You know the man?” Bridgett asked weakly, lowering onto the edge of the chair.
“No, but I know of him. Macintosh is the first mate of Captain Greaves, Red Legs, as he is better known. He is almost a hero as far as pirates go. Most likely she would be taken to him, if indeed she was abducted,” he smiled reassuringly, trying to calm her fears and then continued. “What of the authorities? Are they taking action?”
“It will be days, perhaps weeks, before the British come from Boston. There is some doubt they will even attempt a rescue.”
With his fingers laced and his hands resting atop his head, Stephen frowned, his eyes distant as he thought the situation through. “The British are slow to act in most cases,” he confirmed.
“I have no idea what might be happening to her!” Bridgett snapped, outraged by his calm reserve.
“Bridgett,” he met her angry regard squarely. “I will have to scout around a bit, see what I can discover. I will go after her, if indeed she has been taken but I must know what I can expect. I will not go off half-cocked! It will take me a day or two to prepare,” he stated firmly.
“What might be happening to Desiree while you plan out this rescue?” she cried brokenly.
“Your panic and worry is not going to change what has happened, Bridgett. But if she is with Macintosh as you said then she is in good company. I have no fear for her life if she is with him. Red Legs is considered intelligent, decent and a very wealthy and powerful man. He owns a large plantation on Nevis and in recent years he and his men have left pirating. That is what confounds me. Why kidnapping? At any rate,” he shook his head clearing the confusing idea from his thoughts, “I need to do some investigating before we discuss this any further.”
“I hope for Desiree’s sake you have not been misinformed about this man, Captain.” Bridgett said with resignation, dabbing her tears with a kerchief.
“Don’t worry. Go on home and I will be in touch with you just as soon as I can,” he declared rising to see her to the door.
“Please let me know the minute you are prepared to leave, will you?” she pleaded, pausing in the passageway.
“I will, just leave it to me.”
Stephen closed the door behind her, then retrieved his boots and sat upon his berth to slip them on. His mind had been on none other than Desiree the entire time he had been away. He’d had a strong urge to come back here to see her after changing out his cargo down at Jamestown and before heading for his home. He had hoped to somehow, someway patch their differences because he had found from the moment he had left her here, things had changed.
He had discovered this his first night in port, when he had gone to the tavern to seek some entertainment. He had found that all other women seemed unattractive. None could compare with Desiree and he had been unable to take another. It had been a most disquieting experience. He wanted to feel Desiree within his arms, he was cursed with her and his mind betrayed him until all other women seemed lacking.
Now she was in need of him and it presented quite an opportunity. Surely she would be in his debt if he could rescue her! And from a band of pirates, at that! At least she might be civil! Then again, he mused, perhaps not. He marveled to himself the irony of the situation as he hurried out of his cabin.

***

Desiree watched the dense, misty jungle and the sandy beaches pass by. Gulls soared into the sky and skimmed along the shore in search of food. The morning was still and the sea calm. The air was heavy and held a hint of what the day would bring already. Her clothes felt damp from the moisture in the air. But still, Desiree was at peace with her surroundings.
O’Malley joined her at the rail, with a sigh and a warm smile. “I see ye take to the early morn also,” he observed, watching the coast moving slowly by.
“Oui, this is my favorite time of the day. O’Malley, what is that land there?”
“Tis the southern most part of America. We will be away from her in but a day or so. That be swampland mostly, uninhabited but for savages. The Spanish and the French have tried to get a foothold and failed. Twill be years before ‘tis fully explored I fear. Disease, stinging insects, gators, poisonous snakes; harsh land indeed,” he confirmed with a nod of his head and a smile directed at her.
Desiree thanked him and then watched the coast as he left her and went about his duties. She had come to enjoy O’Malley greatly during their time at sea. He was in his forties she guessed, although she had never been a very good judge of people’s ages. He had a lean, sun-darkened face and rugged frame. His shoulder length dark-brown hair was lightened in streaks by the sun and his eyes were a velvety dove gray. He was forever full of information about the world around him and he seemed to love nature and her wonders; always expounding upon interesting facts at every opportunity.
Desiree had noticed, during the heat of the day when the men would shed their shirts, that there was a mass of scars upon his back and she had not had the courage yet to ask him what they had been earned for. In truth, she was afraid to know what evil he could have done to warrant such a punishment. She knew though, that were they dealt out in a single flogging, they would have surely brought him close to death. She could not imagine that he had committed a crime against another, for he was so very tenderhearted, but then again, he was a pirate after all she reminded herself. He couldn’t be lily white and be in this profession. In spite of it all she enjoyed him, just the same, deciding that it actually did not matter to her what his crimes had been.
She mused that soon she would arrive at Nevis and would meet this Pirate Red Legs who would be her captor. She fought against her fears about that meeting. All the men had been so very kind to her, she argued with herself, surely their leader would be no less kind. The unknown troubled her just the same, though.
She was desperately worried about Bridgett and her dear aunt and uncle, wondering how they would be coping with her disappearance. They could be envisioning hideous crimes being committed against her and here she was, well cared for and unharmed. She wished she could somehow send word and ease their fears but at this point in time, she could do nothing. She would make the best of her situation and pray her family would endure. At least she felt confident that she was in good hands.

***

Stephen was only able to determine that indeed Macintosh had been involved in Desiree’s disappearance, presumably for a price. He did not know for certain where their destination would be but assumed they would make their way to the Main and safety, to avoid retribution. He kept Bridgett abreast of the information as it was gathered, she making a daily trek to his ship to discuss his progress and he trying as best he could to alleviate her worry.
It was another day before the Windward was made ready to sail and a day more rounding up his crew from the furlough he had granted. He had expected to be in port for a least a week and some had strayed off to surprisingly far-reaching locals. When at last all was made ready, he made a stop to inform Bridgett and Desiree’s family.
The young woman, who had ushered Desiree into the house when last he had seen her, opened the door and smiled up at him shyly. “May I help you, sir?”
“My name is Stephen Colter. I would like a word with Bridgett Spencer,” he stated pleasantly.
The girl continued gazing into his eyes and he had doubts that she had even heard a word. “Could you perhaps locate her for me?” he asked glancing over her head, indicating the interior of the home. “Please.”
“Oh, of course!” The young maid covered her gaping mouth with her hand in embarrassment. She had been taken off guard—never, she thought silently, have I seen such a fine figure of a man. Aloud she said politely, “I am sorry sir, come in, please.” She stepped back, allowing Stephen to enter and leaving him in the front hall, she rushed off in search of Bridgett.
Within moments, Bridgett hurried from the kitchen, through the front room.
“Captain Colter, are you leaving?” she asked anxiously.
“Yes, we will be leaving within the hour.”
He smiled politely at the woman who had entered the room shortly after Bridgett. She resembled Desiree very much and he assumed she must be her aunt. Bridgett made the introductions and then turned back to Stephen. “How long will it be before we should expect you back?”
“I would say inside of six weeks, but don’t worry if it is a bit longer. I’ll be in touch as soon as I return.” He moved toward the door as he spoke. “And try not to worry yourself sick, Bridgett. It has been a pleasure.” He gave a quick nod to Colette and Bridgett closed the door behind him, leaning against it heavily.
“It shall be a long six weeks,” Bridgett sighed fighting to hold back the tears.
“It shall pass soon enough. I am positive that he will be successful and Desiree will be back with us soon, unharmed,” Colette assured, wrapping a comforting arm about Bridgett’s shoulders with a squeeze. “Now how about a cup of nice hot tea?”
She led Bridgett through the front room toward the kitchen as she spoke. “My Lord but what a handsome man that Captain Colter is,” Colette sighed. “Were I a few years younger I would not mind a short voyage in his company.”
Bridgett shot her a look of surprise until she saw the mischief in Colette’s eyes and they shared a brief laugh, in spite of their worry.

***

Stephen, Davison and Ham had conferred and decided it would be best to head east from the coast, catching the southerly trade winds to make up for lost time. They would lose a couple days but gain many more with the strategy, arriving in the Main within days of the pirates. It was on their thirteenth day out that fate dealt them a bad hand.
Stephen awoke abruptly when Davison burst into his cabin.
“Cap, we are in the calm!” he barked, with a shake of his head.
Stephen swore under his breath, donning his breeches and storming above to see for himself. The air was dead, as if the breath had been sucked from the sea. The ship sat motionless and the sails hung in limp disarray. He climbed the stairs to the helm to check the charts but they told him nothing he did not already know. The winds were never completely reliable and using the trades always held this possibility. No telling now how long they would be adrift and he swore aloud at his bad luck.
His mind had been plagued with fears for Desiree in spite of his assurances to Bridgett that she would be fine. The thought that she was all alone with a ship full of criminals, that they could be harming her or taking advantage of her, drove him to distraction. The idea of a crew of pirates, of any man using her for their sport or harming Desiree in any way brought him close to murderous rage.
If he could just bring her away safely, he vowed that he would somehow end their rift. She despised him, yes, but he might find a way to gain her trust again and he could make a beginning of earning her trust with this voyage. But how long would they be delayed? Only the wind knew the answer to that question. For now, they would drift aimlessly about the ocean.



Chapter Twenty


Desiree buttoned her dress up close to her throat and then smoothed the soft butter yellow material over her midriff. Using the recently acquired hairbrush, thanks to her wonderful captors, she scooped her heavy tresses back into a single lock and used a ribbon to hold it in place. She then looked about the cabin one more time to ensure she had not forgotten anything, added the brush to her bundle with the rest of her meager belongings and had just finished these tasks when a knock sounded at her door.
“Come in,” Desiree called.
O’Malley entered her cabin with a bright smile. “Mac sent me to fetch ye, Lass. We be about to make land at Nevis and he thought ye might like to get a look at her.”
“Oh but of course! I cannot wait to get a look at this place you all think so highly of.” With light steps she proceeded O’Malley from the cabin and up onto the deck. Joining Mac at the helm, she saw out before her was not one island but what looked to be several islands looming ahead.
“Which one is Nevis?” she asked.
“The smaller one there in the distance, that be she,” Mac said, smiling with pride. “The other be Saint Kitts as the English call her. Past the point there and on east through the channel be Barbuda and Antigua and if ye were to head on down south Barbados and all the rest where pirates and scoundrels alike hold up. The most dangerous and feared riffraff of the world take refuge in these waters at one time or another. For the most though, we stay to our own and our own business.”
“I’ve heard of this part of the world and its reputation but it certainly is as beautiful as it is dangerous,” Desiree admitted and stood watching in awe as Nevis came into distinct clarity before her.
The island was squat and looked to be nearly round, at least on this side because as they approached she could see the curve of the end of land on either side. There were lush jungles and wonderful white sand beaches. The peak of a mountain at the center of the island was touched by clouds which passed overhead, seeming to catch upon its summit. The gentle slopes were covered in emerald green.
“Just beautiful,” she stated again.
“That she is, Lass and even more so up close. Wait ‘til we get into the narrows and ye will see a wonder,” O’Malley promised her with a wink.
As the ship pulled closer to the island, Desiree was invited to the rail by O’Malley.
“Lassie, ye not be seein’ a bouquet of flowers from any shop in the world with color to match this!” he declared, pointing to the waters below. He smiled with pride as though he might somehow be personally responsible.
Desiree peered over the side of the ship and gasped at what met her eyes. Bright green foliage against the white sand of the ocean floor; coral the colors of a rainbow and fish, thousands of brilliantly colored fish of all sizes and shapes darted about.
“Oh how lovely!” Desiree whispered and smiled at O’Malley as he waited expectantly. “You spoke true, sir. Never have I seen a bouquet to compare, even in the finest floral shops of Paris!”
“I thought not,” O’Malley said with a nod and a chuckle of pleasure.
Past the narrows, they arrived at a pier which jutted out on the sheltered leeward side of the island but three large ships with full guns were docked and Mac said they would need to wait their turn to unload their cargo. The ship was anchored just off shore and small boats were lowered to transport the crew. Desiree hurried below to retrieve her bundle, then waited up on deck until assisted over the side of the ship and down into a small sloop and Mac’s waiting arms.
As they rowed toward shore, Desiree looked ahead to what awaited her. Tropical palm trees lined the shore and the surf lapped gently at the white sandy beaches. In the far distance small cottages and larger houses dotted the slopes of the mountain and in the foreground just off the beach a short ways and directly before them stood a large white mansion.
“That be the Cap’s house,” Mac offered.
Desiree smiled weakly and shored up her courage for she was about to meet the pirate leader of these men.
With great fanfare the sloop became seized by helpful hands, quickly bottoming out in the shallows. A large audience of children frolicked in the surf, giggling gleefully; a few shrieking with joy as the pirates departed their boats, flinging their children high over their heads with chuckles and embraces. Fathers happily welcomed by their offspring.
Mac jumped into the surf, outstretching his arms toward her and Desiree held her bundle close and allowed him to scoop her up in his arms and carry her to the beach before gently setting her to her own two feet. The children pranced about her excitedly, gazing up at her with wonder. Exquisite children, Desiree thought to herself, with vigor and vitality borne of happy lives.
With the swarm of children skipping about them, Mac and Desiree led the procession up the beach for the stately white manor. It was a lovely home, with verandas below and balconies above lining the second story. Windows and paned glass doors abounded and even from the outside one could sense its light and airy warmth. At a cobblestone walk which led to stairs and a veranda before double front doors, the procession of children stopped, going off about their own business. Mac opened the door without knocking, flinging it wide and stepping in and leading Desiree loosely by the arm.
Desiree was not disappointed at what she beheld as she entered for the front hall was absolutely breathtaking. Almond wood floors glistened with polished luster, enhanced by the light which spilled through large windows at the top of the staircase. The high ceiling was open to the second floor, dramatically setting off an almond staircase which swept up and banisters formed a circle where a gigantic chandelier hung from the ceiling, casting flickering prisms of light about the hall. The walls were snowy white and aside from almond and stark white, there were green exotic potted plants gracing the hall at strategic locations.
To the left, Desiree looked past a glass-paned double door to a front room tastefully decorated in pastels and beige tones, again flourishing with exotic splendor. To the right, a large formal dining room with a table able to seat perhaps twenty or more. The floor was covered with a dusty plum Persian rug.
Mac peered into the front room and then bellowed up the echoing staircase. “Red! Red, be ye about?”
In moments Desiree heard a string of muffled Spanish as light, slapping footfalls sounded out of sight and then a middle-aged woman appeared, rounding the staircase from the alcove beneath. In sandals and a bright magenta dress she shook her head, her black eyes flashing. With a finger jabbing out toward Mac, she railed him unmercifully in sharp Spanish.
“Rena,” Mac said, grabbing her hand and patting it gently. "Stop rattlin’ at me in that and tell me where be the Cap.”
Still seething, the woman spoke sharply with a heavy accent and a trilling of her tongue with each word. “Yer captain is upstairs in his quarters. You got no business roarin’ through the place like that, Macintosh!” her hands flailed with gesturing as she continued. “I tell you Macintosh, one these times, you scare me to deat’ and then what you and your cap do without me to do your bidding? Eh?” Turning on her heels, she clomped off in the direction she had come, falling once more into irate Spanish.
“Oh she’s a luv, that one is!” Mac said to Desiree with a grin. “Come along, Lass!” he grasped her by the elbow and hurried up the stairs with her in tow.
They moved down a wing, off to the left of the stairs, along a hallway covered in intervals with pale plum rugs until Mac stopped before a door made up of scores of slatted vents. He knocked once before bursting in.
“Red! Cap be ye in here?” he inquired as his eyes darted about.
As did Desiree’s, fear of the unknown gripping her once again.
She noted the pastel satin of the sitting-room furniture, with the same airy lightness she had noted elsewhere in the house. Then, from billowing white sheers at the open balcony door, a large hulking man appeared. He had shoulder length sandy-brown hair streaked with gray and a large mustache. He was a giant and if not for the unusually high doorframe, would have been forced to stoop as he entered. He was a good head and shoulders above Mac. Quite possibly the tallest man Desiree had ever seen. He entered with his light green eyes studying her and Desiree shrank back a bit in spite of herself.
“What have we here?” he asked softly in a light Scottish brogue, his voice deep and formidable. He appeared to be surprised and yet pleased to see her. Desiree watched him warily.
“This be Miss Desiree Chandelle, Cap. She be stayin’ with us indefinitely.”
The giant gestured to the chairs behind them with a curious expression. “She will be, will she? Let’s have us a seat.”
Mac led Desiree to a settee and she sat quietly upon the edge, unable to make a sound. Joining her, Mac removed a pouch from his waistband and tossed it onto the marble table before him and it landed with a resounding chink. Red seated himself across from the two and took the bag in his huge hand, raising dark bushy brows in question.
“Cap, it seems the lass has enemies she be unaware of but I were paid well by way of O’Leary for her disappearance. I were not going to have any part of it but the scum that were bidding for the job, well,” he paused, holding Red’s gaze as he spoke, “I felt it me duty to see the lass out of harm’s way. ‘Twas suppose to do away with her and so, here she be.” He smiled brightly at Desiree. “Bonnie ain’t she, Red?”
“Aye, bonnie to be sure,” Red nodded in agreement. “Tell me Lass, has Mac here treated ye well on the voyage? Ye appear a tad fearful.”
“Yes sir, Mac and all the men have been very kind,” Desiree answered softly in English.
“French I wager ye be,” he stated, grinning when she nodded. “Well ye be most welcome here ‘til we can figure what yer next move should be and please, call me Red. No more of this sir, eh?” he chuckled.
Desiree smiled faintly, surprised by his kind manner. For all of his formidable size, his face was jovial and serene. He had a definite twinkle of a friendly nature in his eyes and she felt the dregs of unease lifting. She tried to calculate his age, possibly fifty or more but the eyes were young with merriment and a love of life.
“Well now, ye could stand a bit of rest I’ll wager. Let me go see what Rena can arrange as far as quarters.” He rose, heading for the door in a lumbering stride. “Mac, the lass have any possessions?” he called over his shoulder.
“Precious few, Cap. Only a few of the things bought for the housekeepers. Off hand I can’t think of anything in the warehouses.”
“Na, but we’ll need to see about that next time out,” Red decided, as he yanked the door open. “Rena!” he hollered down the hallway.
Desiree looked to Mac for reassurance and he smiled gently. “Ye will be fine. Ye’ll see, Lass. Yer goin’ to enjoy yerself here.”

***

A grumbling Rena showed Desiree to her room, leaving the Captain and Mac in Red’s quarters to discuss business. Desiree followed the slight woman to a room halfway down the long wing. Entering behind the housekeeper, she could not suppress a squeal of delight at the beauty of the rooms she would be residing in. Entering a sitting room, a soft teal rug covered the floor beneath a grouping of teal and silver gray furniture. Silver gray sheers billowed at the doors, leading to a balcony. Curio tables displaying oriental porcelain graced the corners of the room and plants were in abundance throughout.
Rena continued through to the bedchambers and Desiree followed slowly, taking in every detail. An almond tester bed with a spread and canopy of teal and silver gray flowers took up the majority of one wall. A mirrored vanity and a velvet chaise of teal blue resided upon the opposite side of the room. In one corner, behind an oriental screen, a sparkling brass bathtub surrounded by green plants caused Desiree to sigh longingly.
“Oh Rena, do you think I might have a bath?” she squealed.
“Yes, Miss. I can see to that,” Rena said smiling, amused by the young girl’s exuberance.
“Oh, thank you so much,” Desiree said happily. Opening a huge armoire and untying her bundle of clothing, she set about hanging her meager possessions.
“Let me do that,” Rena offered. “You rest,” she gestured to the inviting chaise.
“Thank you,” Desiree breathed, relinquishing the task without argument.
“Poor thing, you don’t have a decent thing but one,” Rena observed sadly.
“I don’t mind—truly,” Desiree sighed, lying back upon the heavenly chaise. “I shall get along with the things I have.”
Rena completed her task, turning to Desiree. “I will see about your bath now Miss—and Miss?” Desiree looked up at the housekeeper, surprised by the soft tone in her voice, “The captain, he is a good man. You will come to love him. I never known one better than he,” she said with admiration for the man evident in her eyes. She left the room then, closing the bedroom door gently.
Desiree rose, moving to the balcony doors and opened them wide, walking out onto the balcony and leaning at the rail, gazing out over the cove. Below on the beach, children were playing in the surf and splashing wildly about. She smiled at their light-hearted abandon and walked along the balcony to a grouping of furniture near the doors which led to the sitting room. There she took a seat in a cane chair to watch their play. Her eyes scanned briefly down the side of the manor and came to rest upon Captain Red Legs as he also watched the children from his balcony. He smiled down at them, as he sipped at a drink.
Desiree stayed for a bit, enjoying the tropical scene before her until a light knock sounded within and she opened the door to admit Rena and two other Spanish girls bearing water for her bath.



Chapter Twenty-One


Desiree had dressed and was pacing about her quarters, unsure of her freedom to move about the house. Deciding she had best stay put, she paused near the balcony doors looking out to sea, when a knock sounded and she turned, calling admittance.
“Lass, yer beauty blinds this old sailor.” Red beamed at her.
Desiree looked down at the plain beige gown she had donned. “Merci, Red. You are most kind,” she said shyly.
“Not kind, honest! Would ye allow me to escort ye to dinner?” he held out an arm gallantly.
“Of course. That would be lovely. And I might add you look quite impressive yourself, sir,” Desiree stated truthfully.
She thought he looked very ferocious in a dark-brown velvet suit with a white shirt and stock but the warm green eyes dispelled his fearsome image. He was a gentle giant and Desiree, tiny beside his hulking frame, took his arm and he ushered her down the stairs.

***

Dinner was spent pleasantly in conversation about this isle and the chain of islands off the Venezuelan coast and Desiree listened intently, with great interest to Red’s tale.
“Twas oh, I suppose a score of years or so now, we divvied up our loot and settled on this little isle and took up farming. Always had been me dream to own a plantation and I have roughly three hundred acres here, bought and paid for,” he nodded proudly. “I been out of the pirating business for the most part these past years. We have the English to our northeast and the French to our southwest and those two do squabble over Saint Kitts every now and again but we are tucked in here warm and cozy without anyone challenging us,” he chuckled. “So life is good and we’ll still sack the occasional Spanish vessel just for the sport of it when we gets the chance and can beat the English and French to it. Truth be known, I owe all this,” his eyes darted about, indicating the mansion, “to the Spaniards.”
“I didn’t realize pirating was so lucrative,” Desiree confessed.
“For me it has been, Lass. For many a pirate they die with nothing to show for efforts but I had the good fortune to just happen upon the Spanish fleet off the coast of Margarita and after we overtook the fleet it were just a matter of commandeering their own gunboats and turnin’ them on their own forts. Our booty—we came away loaded to the beams—three ships, nearly three tons of some of the finest pearls, gold and silver you could ever hope to come across. Not even much of a battle for them really and I lost nary a man,” he smiled dreamily, remembering, “Anyway, we retired and have even become respected citizens of our little paradise. Of course, we still have plenty of riff-raff to contend with and the slavers and cutthroats who come and go through the Main but for the most part we keep to ourselves, the British keep to their own and the French do the same. Me men and I have most of our land in sugar cane. Regular country squires we be.” He ended with a guffaw before he continued more seriously.
“But I do want to be telling ye now Lass, from the onset, that I don’t want ye out without one of me men or meself in yer company. We be secure here and ye be safe enough but we are not completely impenetrable and some of the blokes here and about that go through the narrows and make land at Antigua and Barbuda and the rest,” he paused, “well, let’s just say I hate chancing to meet them and ye, I would be feeling more secure if ye be with someone at all times. Understood?”
“Understood.” She decided to chance a small request. “Red?” she questioned. “I am terribly worried about my relatives. I am sure they are beside themselves, fearing me in grave danger. Is there some way I might get word to them that I am safe here?” She laid her napkin aside, her dinner finished and looked hopefully into his eyes.
He looked almost pained but shook his head, denying her request. “Lass, I’d like to say ye could but I cannot. ‘Tis best left as is for now. Ye have a very determined enemy out in this world somewhere, Lass. Someone who thinks ye are feeding the fishes by now and I believe it in yer best interest to let them go on thinkin’ just that. We might well draw the Brit’s wrath or more likely the French here on Nevis if they catch wind we have a captive with us taken from the colonies. And I sure don’t want to upset the arrangement we have with those two sleeping giants. No, Lassie. I be sorry but I won’t allow it,” he apologized and was obviously upset for denying her.
“I understand, Red. Please don’t worry about it,” she said gently. She could well understand his point. She would have to simply wait it out and hope her relatives and Bridgett would be able to cope with the situation. She was, after all, a hostage and could not insist upon such things.
“I will let ye in on me plans though, me dear. As soon as I feel we would not be putting ye back in harm’s way, I will be reuniting ye with yer family. I have told me men to keep their eyes peeled and ears to the ground, and we will be searching out the culprit that means ye harm as we go along. We are in port at the colonies often enough and we have a good string of informants who might help us to solve this for ye.”
“I am speechless, Red. Thank you.”
“Think nothin of it, Lass. Shall we retire to the other room for a libation?”
“Oui,” Desiree agreed, accepting his assistance out of her chair.
They entered the comfort of the front room and Desiree took a seat upon a sofa while Red went to the sideboard, pouring each of them a glass of wine and then joining her.
Desiree could not suppress her questions about him and his life here. He was the most colorful character she had ever encountered.
“Captain,” she began but he pointed a finger at her as she unintentionally slipped into a formal address. “Red, how did you come to be a pirate? You really do not quite fit my imaginings.”
“Lass, I had no burning desire to become a pirate. It were but a twist of fate,” he chuckled with a shrug.
“I would be most interested if you would care to tell me,” Desiree pressed.
“I would much rather hear of how ye came to yer current status, Lass. What happened to bring ye to this circumstance? Ye must admit it odd to have a price on yer head without a crime,” he redirected the conversation, avoiding the subject of himself.
Desiree glanced about the room and noticed a table, graced with a chess set. “Red, you must tell me of you and your life, then I shall tell you of mine but at the same time, might we have a match of chess? I learned on my journey from France and have not played for quite a while.”
“A woman instructed in chess, now there be a rarity. Aye, let’s have us a match.” He slapped his thighs, rising and following Desiree to the table, where he held a chair for her.
“Now as to our histories, I believe you owe first oration, Captain Red Legs,” she said formally with a teasing note in her voice, as she made her first move of the match.
Red studied the board briefly as he began. “When I were about twenty or so, I had fallen on hard times. Even before that actually, before I were even born, me parents had been sold into slavery and banished from Scotland to Barbados for crimes against the English Crown and in fact me brother and meself were both born into slavery. But in spite of our state we had a passable life, our family all together and with a just master and living among other Scots in a tight knit community, Red Legs we be called, hence me nickname,” he paused with a wink. “But alas our kind master died and me parents followed him shortly after. Me brother and meself were sold off to an evil bloke and I’ll not go into all the gruesome details Lass, but let’s just say I bear many a stripe on me back; scars from punishment dealt out unfairly. I fared better than many owned by the scum who didn’t live to see manhood, me own brother being one of such. After his death, I began looking for an escape.”
“We worked the docks mostly, loading ships but at times I were pressed into service as a swab and out to sea for months. After returning from sea and again at the landing in Barbados it just came upon me all at once one day and I made a break for it. I managed to sneak away, hiding first along the docks, in the midst of stacks of cargo. Then I waited, full expecting to be caught at any moment but I sneaked and scooted around til nightfall and eventually found meself in the water and after dark, I swam for it. I came out after crossing the bay and found a hiding place aboard a vessel leaving on the morning tide. But when I finally came from the cargo hold, days later and well out to sea, I found I had unknowingly boarded a pirate ship. Captain Hawkins gave me one of two choices—to spend the remainder of me time on earth at the end of a length of coil riding the keel or to serve him. O’ course I chose the latter but it weren’t long after though that Hawkins and me ended up at odds and in a duel of blades. He expected to kill me I be sure, as I were very thin and sickly from his abuse, but in the duel I were the victor and awarded the ship by his crew. So, I became a pirate captain. Most of the same crew be with me to this day. Macintosh, O’Malley, Boots and others. Your move, me sweet.” he finished with a chuckle.
Desiree had forgotten the board completely, enthralled with his story and now came from her trance. She observed the board briefly, before moving to capture his bishop.
“How awful. Red, tell me of O’Malley. How did he come by his stripes?”
Red frowned. “Lass, it not something ye be wantin’ to hear.” He shook his head, taking a sip of his drink and then looking to the board, making his move.
“He is so very tender-hearted and kind. I just cannot imagine what he might have done to earn them.” She felt as if she had overstepped her bounds and wanted to explain her reasons.
“He earned them as I did, without a crime. In truth, it were O’Malley, the captain’s cabin boy, what were the last straw ye might say. We all tried to protect him and when he disappeared, locked below in the aft hold as punishment, for what crime none could name, and Hawkins refused us access to him to assure he be well, it was all I could stand. The last of a long line of poor souls I had seen mistreated, tortured and murdered on the bloody ship of Captain Hawkins. See Lass, after the duel and I were given the ship, the men had a heyday disposing of their captain, his first mate and cronies. Hated the man and his close circle of cretins with a passion and were treated with unmerciful cruelty by the scum. Anyway, then it was Mac what went below and brought O’Malley up on deck and the wee lad were just barely alive he were; his back a bloody pulp from a flogging dealt him. We nursed him back to health and Mac took him under his wing, a brother to him ye might say, as O’Malley were not quite ten years at the time. O’Malley is kind and has a tenderness about him, though he had little enough to bring that out in him, ‘til he came to be with us.”
“I should have guessed. I knew he was too kind a soul to have done any crime,” Desiree said with a sad smile. “But Red, after all you went through at the hands of evil men and the pirate captain himself, how could you turn to a similar career?”
“Na, me pet. I treat all me men with courtesy and respect and I get the same in return. I have never committed an act of piracy against any person weaker than meself, only the thievin’ Spaniards and the occasional merchant vessel and have never mistreated a man nor a woman who has fallen to me care. I have very high ideals and hope ye have found me to be kind where ye are concerned,” he said solemnly. “I abhor indecency and will not abide it in anyone associated with me.”
“Forgive me, Red. I did not mean to sound as though I find any fault with you. I feel very much at ease and safe in your company.” Desiree made a comical face. “You may find me a bit too at ease before you know it and then be on your guard, for I have been accused of being a chatterer,” she giggled. “Check!”
The pirate, lost in his reminiscing had made a fatal error in strategy and found himself without another move. “And mate Lass, I surrender,” he said with a deep laugh. “Well done! And I’ll welcome yer chatter. Rena chatters constantly but I can’t understand a bloody word, mostly I think ‘tis a blessing though. Now Lass, I shall pour us another of this very fine port I came across and what say ye tell me of yer life,” he requested as he rose to refill their glasses.
The two moved to the veranda, where the sun was beginning to set, turning the white sand beach to pink-tinged and the water to sparkling diamonds with its waning rays.

***

Much later in the evening, Desiree retired to her suite and moved to the balcony to enjoy a bit more of the cool night air. A giggle escaped her as she thought of the captain’s expression when he had learned she was heir to a very small merchant fleet plying the waters.
“I suppose we must make an effort to avoid pilfering’ yer ships in the future. I could hardly steal from a friend,” he had joked.
“As of yet I have never heard of our vessels being attacked by pirates of any sort but if ever we are, I will know at least one band of pirates, innocent of the crime,” she had assured.
Desiree leaned back in the chair, resting her head, looking to the night sky and the thousands of twinkling stars. Her mind strayed to thoughts of Bridgett and the terror she must be feeling. If I could somehow get a simple message to her, she thought desperately but she knew now that this would not be possible. She could understand Red’s reasons well enough though and she did appreciate all he was trying to do on her behalf by keeping her hidden away here. Clearing away the disturbing problem from her mind, she stretched her hands above her head, arching her back and with a yawn, retired for the evening.
She entered the luxurious bedroom and slipped off her dress, hanging it in the armoire. Wearing a short shift she sank into the comfort of the bed, pulling the mosquito netting closed around and relished the feel of the thick feather ticking and the satin sheets which were cool against her skin. Within minutes, her breathing slowed and sleep enveloped her.



Chapter Twenty-Two


Davison perched upon the taffrail, looking off the stern. The shavings from his whittling fell to the ocean below, to be carried away in the slight current. Stephen sat against the wall behind the helm, in the heat of the day with the sun beating down upon his shoulders. Below on the main deck, crew members milled about, a few hauling up buckets of sea water and scrubbing the deck with coarse brushes for lack of a better pastime.
It has been nearly two weeks, Stephen thought dejectedly; two entire weeks that they had sat stranded in the midst of the ocean. Never had he seen a calm extend to this length but he had heard talk of such. And now, with the extended time at sea, they would be delayed even further with a stop at the Dominican or San Juan to take on provisions, if they ever got the wind. By the charts, they were parallel to the southern most coast of upper America, mere days from the Main.
Stephen pulled his legs up, resting his arms across his knees and sighed wearily. They were all coming to the brink of their endurance with the calm. They could take on any storm with determination, had weathered many and this was getting the best of them. At least in a storm a man was at odds with the sea, a show of strengths and skill but this was not fightable, completely hopeless, with no options.
Suddenly a slight hum sounded above and Davison stood from the taffrail. Stephen came to his feet and all eyes went to the sky where the topgallants were the first to flutter, causing the vibration of the backstays. Then the remainder of the fore, main and mizzens, flapped lightly, then filled with the wind.
“Thank you, Lord!” Davison shouted with a long whoop and slapped Stephen heartily upon the back. Water flew into the air as the men emptied their buckets upon one another, with shouts and laughter. They were back in the trades and the men hurried with enthusiasm, shimmying up the rigging to adjust the forward sheets to catch the full force. At the helm, Stephen smiled as the cool wind caressed his back; they would arrive at the Main in just days.
“Thank God,” he sighed aloud.

***

Mac reclined against a gnarled stump of a once mammoth palm with his hands clasped across his girth and legs stretched out before him, crossed at the ankles, watching the young lass who was frolicking on the beach before him.
A dozen children shrieked with pleasure, falling in waves of giggles and offering her advice as Desiree attempted to pick up a small crab, which stood with claws before it, ready to fight. As the crab moved in a silly sideways pattern to her flank, she too would move the same and again crouch before the creature.
Her flowing hair was pulled back in a long piece of satin ribbon; her dress pulled up between her legs and tucked in at the waist, forming pantaloons of sorts. She looked like a child herself as she pranced about the crab, trying to find a hold on it, without losing a finger in the attempt.
She moved as if a snake striking and then leapt back, her body aquiver as she held the crab carefully between thumb and finger, far out in front of her. She rushed to the wooden bucket and her catch joined a host of others of his kind which, this night would become dinner and then she held her arms over her head in triumph. The children applauded her accomplishment and she curtsied grandly. She declined attempting another and with a rush of giggles and with hugs and tousling of little heads, she ran toward him, flopping beside him upon the sand.
“Well Mac, did you see that?” she giggled with an affected smug expression, removing a slipper to dump sand out and replacing it upon her foot.
“Aye Lass, ye be courageous, tanglin’ with such a brute,” he teased.
“Brute to be sure. He would have liked to have taken my finger away. Vicious little beast!” She held up her hand in evidence before him, where a claw had left its slight mark.
“Lassie, ye be a breath of fresh air to this old pirate. Ye have brought me and me Cap much happiness. I hope ye know that,” he confessed.
“Odd isn’t it, Mac? For me to be kidnapped by you, spirited away to this wonderful paradise and begin to feel as if you and the rest are my family. You must think me terribly foolish.”
She leaned back against the stump and pulled one tan leg up. Draping her arms over her knee and laying her cheek against her arms, she gazed at him, awaiting his response.
“Na Lassie, ye be like one of us, and of that be ye assured, but fear not, we think ye be the most charmin’ wee nymph we ever come across and we want ye to be at ease. Ye be safe and sheltered from harm and we intend on keepin’ ye that way,” he winked.
“You, Macintosh, are a dear man,” she announced, placing a light kiss upon his weathered cheek.
He laughed loudly, then looked about as if checking to assure their privacy before speaking. “Just don’t be lettin’ that bit of information get about. Would na do fer me reputation as a fearsome pirate to be so shattered.”
Coming to his feet, he groaned as he shook the stiffness from his legs. “Me old joints locked up on me from sitting for too long in one spot,” he complained, reaching out a hand to Desiree and pulling her to her feet with ease.
“Let’s be getting’ back afore Red gets hisself in a tizzy wit’ worry on ye.”

***

Desiree swept through the veranda doors, preceding Mac and hurried toward Red where he sat at his desk near the far end of the front room.
“Red, take a guess at what I have been up to this morning? Just try,” she challenged, plopping into the seat across from him.
The pirate tossed the quill down, his work forgotten and with his large hands resting upon the top of his head, he leaned back grinning broadly.
“Well, for one I see ye got a bit more o’ the sun in yer cheeks. Ye’ll be as dark-skinned as the natives if ye aren’t careful, Lass,” he chuckled, appreciating the glow the sun had brought to the delicate features. Her teeth flashed white in a brilliant smile.
“Red, not that, something more,” she urged with mischief.
“Let me see, ye brought the Spanish Armada to its knees and the blokes be hidden just without fer me inspection?” he lifted a dark brow at the shake of her head. “No? Well then, ye have weakened and betrothed yerself to one o’ me scurvy crew and now wish me to supply a dowry on yer behalf? Well, I’ll na allow it, none be good enough for ye Lass, so don’t even ask it,” he laughed at her open-mouthed surprise.
“Red! I helped to gather your evening fare from the beach this morning with the children. You shall be feasting on crab this eve thanks in a very small part to my valor upon the battle field.” Desiree lifted her nose haughtily, then fell into a fit of giggles.
“Well now, I’d never have guessed it, Lass—well done,” his eyes twinkled. “Good for ye! Now if we can just get ye to deal with the creepy crawlies with such bravery. I seem to recall a wee spider ye had me murder within yer chambers just last eve, while ye stood a safe distance away upon yer settee.” Mac’s amused chuckles joined his own from across the room.
Desiree laughed too, remembering the screams of terror Red had heard coming from her room. He had rushed in, with the look of death upon his face, expecting to find her in mortal danger, only to find her white as a sheet, upon a settee, gaping at the long legged spider walking leisurely across the floor.
“Red, that is something altogether different. I shall never soften in my aversion toward those horrid creatures,” she shivered, just thinking about it. “Well, I must be off now,” she bubbled, jumping up.
“Whoa there, Lass. Just where ye be off to now?” Red demanded with concern.
“O’Malley has promised to take me in the shallows of the cove in a sloop. He is going to dive for pearls in the coral reefs. Do you think we shall find some?”
“Aye, just be sure ye keeps yerself well seated in the boat, no jumpin’ about,” Red warned sternly.
“I shall not drown. I know how to swim.”
Red Legs scowled darkly in response.
“Aye, Captain!” she answered curtly. Her face sobered and she saluted him smartly in the fashion of a sailor, turned sharply on heels and scampered away.
Red looked across to Mac who was helping himself to a stiff drink and then fell into the seat Desiree had just vacated.
“She tires me out,” Mac sighed, with a smile.
“Be it only me or do ye feel the effect o’ that little vixen upon ye also?” Red asked with a broad smile.
“Aye Cap, I been bit as well. As have most of the rest.” He took a large draw of his drink, chuckling. “Can ye imagine O’Malley out pearl divin’ for the lass?”
The two men broke out in loud guffaws at the idea.

***

The sloop lay quiet in the protected leeward side of the narrows. The anchor could be seen on the ocean floor, half sunk in the sand. O’Malley stripped off his shirt and boots until he wore only his knee breeches and leaped overboard into the warm, clear water, coming up rubbing the stinging brine from his eyes.
“Now then Lass, ye sit on yer backside and don’t be standin’ or ye may find yerself in the drink. Understood?” he asked in his light Irish brogue. 
Desiree noted his gray eyes were already bloodshot from the heavy salt water. “Yes, O’Malley. I shall stay seated. Go ahead.”
Desiree pulled her dress between her thighs, tucking the hem into her waistband and seated herself on the bottom of the boat upon her knees, leaning back and resting her backside against her heels. She leaned her chin upon her arms, draped along the side of the boat wanting to have a good vantage point to observe the expedition.
O’Malley took several deep breaths, then held the last and dove beneath the crystal clear water. Desiree was able to watch his progress unhampered as he dove to the bottom more than two fathoms below and removed a knife from his waistband. Brightly colored sea life waved in the ocean current and O’Malley touching the plantlike tentacles caused the creatures to draw into the porous rock they called home. As she watched, he began prying with the tip of his blade and first one, then two, three and more oysters fell to the ocean floor. He returned to the surface, gasping wildly for air and Desiree grimaced empathetically.
“Are you all right, O’Malley?” she asked, feeling terrible about his state of exhaustion.
He looked wearily up into the soft violet-blue eyes above him and smiled weakly. “Aye Lass, just not used to this type of sport be all.”
He breathed deeply and dove once more and made several more trips before his last ascent, when a fair number of mollusks lay waiting to be retrieved from the bottom. He reached across the boat, grabbing a square piece of linen and then grinned at Desiree, “Be back in a jiff with the loot, Lassie.”
He dove to the bottom, collecting the oysters into the linen and drawing it into a neat bundle, kicked for the surface.
Desiree took the heavily laden linen and O’Malley heaved himself into the boat, causing it to tip no slight amount, and then seated himself across from her, placing the bundle on the floor of the sloop between his feet.
“Now then Lass, the merriment begins!” he grinned, wiping the water from his face with his discarded shirt and then taking his knife from his belt, he opened the linen to reveal the small mottled shells. He picked one up in his hand, slipping his knife tip along the muscle closure at the back, working the blade in until the oyster gave way and opened. He closed his hand over the shell preventing Desiree from getting a good look.
“Lassie, I not be wantin’ ye to get too excited,” he warned. “Remember what I told ye, this be a pearl but not what ye be expectin’, not what Red deals in.”
He used the tip of his knife to dislodge a small white pebble and placed it into her palm. “It ain’t gem quality but it be a pearl true enough,” he said apologetically.
“It is wonderful, O’Malley. More than I hoped for actually,” Desiree assured him.
“But now this be the real treasure, Lassie,” O’Malley announced. Taking again the tip of his blade, he loosened the fleshy meat within and leaning his head back, allowed the salty brine and the meat to slip into his mouth from the shell, sliding down his throat. He sighed with a slow nod, appreciating the delicacy.
“Lord O’Malley, how can you eat that?” Desiree shuddered. She had never been able to acquire a fondness for eating oysters, no matter how they were prepared.
“Here.” He opened another oyster and put the half shell into her hand. “Just give it a try. Just let it slide down. It be pure heaven,” he assured with a warm smile.
Desiree eyed him warily and looking at the wet pale flesh, she doubted this could be heaven but following his instructions, the salty, gritty meat made its way past her lips and she swallowed it down with a shudder and a grimace. “Ugh!” she gasped. “Dreadful!”
O’Malley laughed heartily, patting Desiree’s shoulder with affection, then took another oyster in his hand. “Ye got courage, Lass. I’ll give ye that,” he nodded, chuckling loudly.
By the time they returned to the shore and made their way to the house, Desiree had three small worthless pearls in her hand and O’Malley a full belly for his afternoon’s work, having opened ten times that many oysters. Desiree hurried up the walk and into the front door, finding Red just within descending the stairs.
“Red look, three pearls,” she beamed proudly, holding out her hand to him. “Aren’t they lovely?”
“Aye, Lass that they be. O’Malley can we see about getting’ them mounted in some type o’ settin’?” He looked over Desiree’s head at the sailor standing behind her and gave him a wink in silent communication. Desiree spun around to face O’Malley with her treasure clutched tightly before her.
“Aye, Cap. I think I might dig up somethin’ fittin’. I will have to look about the warehouses,” he nodded, with a warm smile directed at Desiree. “If ye let me take ‘em along with me, I will return them to ye in a day or two.”
“We’ll have Patty do the settin’. He be very good with fine gems and twill do them justice,” Red added.
“I will leave them to you then, O’Malley. Have a care with them now,” she urged, placing them carefully into his hand. “They are my first and only treasure.”
“I will Lass, leave ‘em to me,” he assured.
“Now ye best get yerself up and ready for dinner,” Red suggested.
“Oh don’t mention food,” O’Malley moaned, rubbing his full belly. “I best be heading home. The misses is going to be none too happy that I have spoiled me appetite.”
“You may put the blame on my head, O’Malley. Give her my apologies,” Desiree laughed, then curtsied grandly, holding delicately to her soiled dress and hurried up the sweeping staircase to her room.
“Ye know what I was thinkin’ about the warehouse, don’t ye?” Red asked O’Malley confidentially after Desiree had topped the flight, out of earshot.
“I do Cap, leave it to me. I know just the piece and just the pearls. I think we can do better than these little baubles.”
“Aye.”

***

Desiree spotted Rena in the hall and called to her sweetly. “Rena, could you see about having a bath drawn for me please?”
“As soon as I can,” Rena snapped back.
“Thank you,” Desiree returned with a warm smile, feeling a tad guilty. The poor thing was in a perpetual state of motion trying to keep the mansion fit with a mob of rowdy pirates always pestering her about one thing or another and her arrival had done nothing but add to her daily toils. She was actually quite pleasant if you could get past her unnerving air of impatience.
Desiree entered her bedroom, tugging the ribbon from her hair, placing it upon her chest of drawers and crossed to the armoire pulling it open and removing the blue gown she had been wearing the day she was seized at the colonies and laid it across her bed. Aside from this garment, which was passable as stylish, she had only the shifts and the three plain dresses provided by Mac including the one she now wore; soft cotton with tapered waists, high necklines and loose fitting half sleeves, with no fullness in the skirts whatsoever to make them even slightly attractive. She consoled herself with the fact that she really had no need for more stylish attire. Living on a tropical island with a band of pirates left little use for such items.
Desiree took her comb and brush from the dresser and moved to stand at the balcony to enjoy her tropical view until her bath water arrived. She moved out onto the balcony and took a seat in a chair. She sighed heavily, running the brush through her tangled mane, feeling wonderfully relaxed from her day of sun and warm sea breezes. She could very easily lie down and fall to sleep but she dared not, for unless she was completely exhausted, she knew that her sleep would not be peaceful.
It seemed she used the fertile soil of her sleep state to play out the troubles which she kept at bay during the day. Dreams of her parents, dreams of Bridgett but most often dreams of Stephen Colter and the experiences she had shared with him. She could not rout him or those images from her mind. His handsome face would loom before her in her dreams, her body would ache for the need of his touch and she was truly beginning to feel concerned with the obsession she seemed to have with him, at least in her dreams.
She had tried to reason her feelings out logically and could come up with only one plausible answer. She could think of no one else in her life who had come into and then gone out of her life as Stephen had. When she shared her friendship, it was meant as permanent and she could not help but feel a great loss with the way it had ended with him.
If and when she ever found herself away from this island and these people she had come to know as friends, she would take a bit of them with her and would never forget and always welcome them with open arms. She knew the friends she had left behind her in France would be there for her when she returned one day and she would be there for them, for any need, any reason at all. Only Stephen Colter had fallen from her good graces and it was a hard loss to bear.
A light rap at the door brought Desiree’s thoughts back from Stephen and she called admittance to Rena with steaming buckets of water. After the tub had been filled and the maids had departed, she immediately undressed, seating herself in the warm water and taking a decanter from a table beside the tub, poured a liberal amount of fragrant bath salts around her then stirred them through the water. Taking up a bar of scented soap, she lathered herself vigorously, including her hair and using a wooden pitcher left filled beside her bath, she rinsed the soap from her hair, twining it atop her head and pinning it at the crown.
Then she lay back for a time, allowing those forbidden memories of Stephen Colter to fill her mind and take her back to a time when she had thought of him as charming, gentle, witty and her imagining of the ideal man.



Chapter Twenty-Three


It was but a few days later when Mac saw the ship pull within view of the island of Nevis at around midday, slipping through the narrows under half sail. From the watch on a slope of the mountain, a gun sounded, signaling an intruder and a throng of pirates went into action, readying for possible trouble. Sloops were launched, guns on war ships faced the intruder and cannons on shore were moved into position.
Stephen ordered the sails down and the anchor dropped into the clear water, well out from shore so as not to cause undo alarm or rash action by the inhabitants. A sloop was lowered over the side of the Windward and Stephen, accompanied by only Ham, set off for the beach.
Mac stood amid his mates on shore, holding loosely to a pair of matching flintlocks, crossed over his chest, primed and ready if need be. His face was stony and menacing as he watched the strangers come closer to his shore.
The sloop bottomed out and Stephen leapt into the calf deep surf, striding surely toward the red-haired man, assuming him to be either Macintosh or Red Legs himself.
“Who be ye and what business have ye here mate?” Mac demanded with a glint of hatred and mistrust in his eyes.
“The name is Colter, Stephen Colter and I wish to speak with Captain Greaves,” Stephen replied just as forcefully with hands low on his hips with ease.
Mac’s curiosity was piqued. He was familiar with the name Colter. Stephen Colter was a merchant of much account and known well throughout the shipping industry. Mac couldn’t help wondering what business he might have with Red Legs.
“Aye, Captain Colter, that we can do for ye. Come along this way.”
Mac turned toward the house as the gathering of men parted and he relieved them back to their duties.

***

Desiree had heard the cannon blast while dressing and was quickly finishing her toilette so that she might search out Red for an explanation of what it meant. With her thick hair pulled back in a ribbon and dressed in one of her less than fashionable gowns of white cotton and leather sandals, she hurried from her room.
She was scampering down the stairs just as the door burst open below and Mac walked into the front hall, followed closely by—she couldn’t believe her eyes, it was Stephen Colter! His eyes moved directly to the stairs and Desiree came to a dead stop, glaring down at him.
Stephen felt a weakness in his knees at seeing her again. His pulse quickened and he drank in her appearance as if a man dying of thirst finally given a taste of water. The soft white dress that buttoned close at her throat formed to her body, showing every feminine curve. Her skin was sun-darkened and her hair glistened in ebony splendor. She was more beautiful than he even remembered and unfortunately, she appeared to hate him as much as he did remember. Her eyes were as piercing as daggers. Her ease and calm within her captor’s lair surprised him, as if she herself were mistress here.
“You!” Desiree shrieked. “Mac, what is the meaning of this?” she demanded angrily.
“Easy, Lass. This be Captain Colter, here to see Red,” he sputtered, seeing his first glimpse of anger upon her lovely face.
Stephen hadn’t expected an overly warm greeting but he honestly had hoped for at least civility. She was enraged as though he were intruding upon her private life.
Without another word, Desiree turned and stomped back up the stairs, falling into irate French under her breath as she did so.
“It seems ye know the lass,” Mac observed, as he grinned up at her fleeing back.
“Aye, that I do,” Stephen nodded, watching the older man as he followed Desiree’s departure with his eyes until losing sight of her at the top of the flight. The man chuckled warmly and Stephen could easily see the look of adoration upon his face, which Desiree seemed to stir within every man who spent any time in her company. The man was totally captivated by her and Stephen silently marveled once more at her uncanny ability to put grown men under her spell.
“Well, this way, Captain,” Mac nodded and led the way through the front room, crossing to the far end where Red rose from his desk to meet the newcomer.
“Cap, this be Captain Stephen Colter and he would be havin’ a word wit’ ye.” With amusement Mac watched Red’s interest perk at the mention of the name Colter.
“Colter be ye? Honored to meet ye, Captain.” Red reached across and firmly shook Stephen’s hand. Red was amazed by the youth of the merchant and sailor he had been hearing of for years.
“And I am honored to meet you,” Stephen complimented the well-respected pirate. Red Legs smiled, gesturing to the seat opposite him as he took his place behind the desk.
Stephen was in awe of the hulking frame of the man before him. The pirate was at least a head taller than himself. He could not recall ever seeing such a giant in all his life.
Mac departed the room quietly as Red poured a liberal draught of brandy for himself and Stephen from a decanter upon his desk. Stephen nodded his thanks, taking a large taste.
“Captain Greaves, I shall come straight to the point of my visit. I’ve been sent here at the request of Desiree’s family to retrieve her and return her to the colonies.” Stephen watched the older man’s eyes for a hint of reaction.
Red had expected as much. There could be no other reason a man such as Colter would venture to this part of the world. Red drank deeply and with a heavy sigh, looked into the younger man’s eyes.
“That may prove to be a problem, Captain Colter. Ye see, the lass were brought here in an arrangement wit’ an unknown party. Me mate Macintosh were hired to do away wit’ the lass but bein’ a man o’ morals, he found it more to his likin’ to relieve the bloke of ‘is purse and take an alternate course concernin’ the lassie. Bringin’ her here where she be safe, out o’ harm’s way and ourselves a bit richer to boot.”
“Aye, I was able to gather at least some of the game from the waterfront. Now I need only to know what I might be able to do to persuade you to allow her to leave with me.” Stephen raised an eyebrow, ever so slightly, conveying his insistence.
“Tis na’ a matter o’ that now, Captain. I have grown very fond of the lass. I fear fer her safety. She could well fall into another such situation as this, wit’ the wrong sort, were she to go back. If this man or men could find her once, they be sure to find her again. She might well be in greater danger next time and the sweet lassie be as a daughter to meself. I could na’ let anything happen to her if I can help it. What plans had ye for her, if she be willin’ to go?” Red sat back in his chair to listen soberly.
“I, too, have worried on the very same. I might propose this to you, Captain Greaves. I would like to take her to my home in the Bermuda’s. It is secluded and secure, where she would be safe. I would collect her possessions and her maid from the colonies, keeping Desiree onboard ship and no one would be the wiser as to her state.”
“Sounds as if ye have a personal stake in the matter, Captain. Ye must know the lass well?”
“Well? I’m not sure of that but a stake in it, yes. We sailed from France to the colonies with the lady and I doubt there is a man aboard my ship who doesn’t feel more than a bit of fondness for her, but you also know that feeling,” Stephen surmised with a smile.
Red nodded with a warm chuckle. “Aye, Captain Colter, and I think yer plan just might be the ticket. At least for the time bein’. The poor lass has been worryin’ and frettin’ on her family since her arrival.” Red sat forward, leaning over his drink. “I’ll strike ye a bargain, Colter. If Desiree does wish to go wit’ ye to yer isle and ye keep her safe there, I will do me best to find who be at the root of her woe. Me men makes the rounds to most every port and ‘tis sure I am that we can come up wit’ somethin’. If by chance she decides to stay here wit’ me, I will again be findin’ the source o’ her misery, while keepin’ a watchful eye on her here.”
Stephen nodded in agreement.
“Good, then I will take ye up to her now. But twill have to be yer doin’ if she is to be persuaded to go. I’ll na’ be forcin’ the matter on her.”
Stephen almost feared the idea of that task. She was anything but friendly toward him and he predicted quite a battle ahead to convince her to leave. He walked along beside Red Legs as they started for the front hall and he was amazed once more at the height the man possessed. He himself was measured at over six feet and this man was at least a good four hands above that.

***

With the light knock, Desiree called for entry and when Red entered, she sighed with relief.
“Oh Red, what did he want? Why was he here?” she gushed uneasily.
“Easy, Lass. This be the one ye speak of?” Red gestured behind him as Stephen entered the room.
“Captain Colter, I demand to know what you are doing here! Why are you on this island?” Desiree fastened him with an icy but confused glare.
He watched her without expression and Red spoke up quickly. “Lass, Captain Colter has come for ye, sent by yer family to bring ye home, back to the colonies.”
Red wondered about her reaction to the man. Obviously they were not friendly, as Colter would have had him believe.
Desiree looked warily at Stephen and then back to Red. “And you would allow me to go?” she was totally confused. How on earth had he become involved in this? How on earth had he found her? And he seemed none too happy at being here either. His handsome face was cool and disinterested. He was looking casually about the furnishings of her sitting room, unperturbed by her ire.
“If that be what ye wish, Lass,” Red nodded. “The choice be yers alone to make,” he emphasized. “I will allow the captain to describe the plan to ye and when ye decides on it, I’ll be downstairs at me desk.” Red took her hand in his, patting it tenderly and turning, left the room, closing the door behind him.
Desiree stood glaring at the handsome Captain Colter. She had forgotten just how magnificent he was. He was dressed in a light tan shirt and clinging dark breeches, which showed off the lean body beneath. His skin was a healthy golden brown. His mere presence caused her to quake inside, stirring feelings that were frightening but her face held an angry scowl as her eyes followed him.
He moved to a chair and took a seat, making himself comfortable. He crossed his legs before him at the ankles and leaned back, resting one elbow on the armrest and the knuckles of his hand beneath his chin. His eyes came to rest upon her and then dropped momentarily to the chair opposite him, coming up to meet her glare once more.
“Please sit.”
Desiree stood rooted to the spot she had been when Red exited. With arms crossed over her chest, she raised her nose haughtily, refusing to budge. Stephen shrugged and gazed passed her and out the balcony doors, dismissing her. Desiree realized that he intended to wait for her to join him and after a few interminable moments of dueling silences, she finally relented, moving grudgingly to the seat he had indicated and waiting for him to start the conversation.
Leaning forward, he drew his legs in and rested his arms upon his knees, folding his hands. “Desiree, Bridgett sent me here to retrieve you and return you to the colonies but in discussing that prospect with Captain Greaves, we have both come to the conclusion it would not be in your best interest. You would not be safe there because whoever hired these men would surely try again to be rid of you and next time you may not be abducted by such gallant pirates.”
“What would you suggest?” she snapped at him, irritated by the patronizing tone of his voice.
“Captain Greaves has assured me that you may stay here as long as you wish and you will be safe and welcome but I am inclined to believe you might do better to be with Bridgett, more at ease. What I suggest is this; we sail back to the colonies, stopping only long enough to collect your belongings and Bridgett, keeping you onboard my ship and hidden, for you cannot afford to be seen again. Then I shall take the two of you to my home in the Bermuda’s.”
“And be trapped with you? How convenient,” Desiree sneered.
“Hardly, my dear. My entire family lives and works there, as you well know. It is quite populated I assure you and I have no wish to cause you worry. You shall be perfectly safe,” he finished and could not hold back his sarcasm.
“Won’t that put you out, Captain?” she snapped, her sarcasm matching his own.
“No more than this little excursion has already and then with luck it will be for only a short time and then you may leave and no longer be required to endure my presence. At the same time you are residing at my home Captain Greaves has offered to search out and find the identity of the man or men who mean you harm. As soon as that has been determined and handled, you may leave for the colonies or back to France, or wherever you wish.”
Desiree rose and moved across the room, pausing to stand near the balcony doors as she digested this information. She had enjoyed her time on the island and was very much at ease here and yet she would love to see Bridgett. She could ask instead that Bridgett be brought here. She knew that Red would be more than happy to have her but she also knew Bridgett would never consent. Red and the others, no matter how generous and dear, were still outlaws in the eyes of many. No, she could never see Bridgett consenting to stay with a band of pirates in a million years. After several minutes of weighing the options, she finally decided it would be in her best interest to go, even if it did mean enduring Captain Colter’s presence for some time to come.
Turning to face Stephen she stated flatly, “I agree, Captain. I will leave with you. If you will wait here, I shall collect my things.”
Stephen nodded curtly and Desiree hurried off to her bedroom and packed her meager wardrobe into a small bundle and lifted the gold and pearl necklace from a silver tray atop her bureau, placing it around her neck. O’Malley had presented this to her just yesterday. To her delight and amazement, the small worthless pearls which they had gathered during their expedition had been replaced by magnificent gem quality Margarita pearls from Red’s private collection.
Desiree returned minutes later to find Stephen standing at the balcony doors, leaning against the jam, looking out at the cove. He sensed her presence and walked to the door, opening it. “After you,” he swept an arm before him in a stinted bow and Desiree preceded him, without comment.

***

The two walked side by side down the winding staircase and to the front room where Red waited. Desiree moved to stand next to him at the desk and his eyes lowered to her small bundle of belongings. She gently placed a hand upon his shoulder.
“I have decided I will go with Captain Colter, Red. I miss my maid terribly and wish to be with her. I shall wait at Captain Colter’s home until I hear from you.”
The merry green eyes framed in light lashes, gazed into hers warmly. “Aye, Lass. I think that be for the best. Fear na’, I will find a way to end yer plight,” he patted her hand reassuringly.
Stephen watched the two and he felt a tug at his heart. He was envious of their closeness, a closeness he had once shared with her and he felt the full weight of his loss.
“Red, I don’t know how I could ever repay you for the kindness you have shown me. I shall never forget you.”
Desiree’s voice was soft and Stephen sensed she would rather he not hear. He moved across the room, looking once more out to the cove, allowing them privacy.
“Lass, we shall meet again. I be comin’ to the Bermuda’s afore ye know it to give ye news and ye be welcome ‘ere always, ye know that don’t ye?”
“Merci, Red.” She squeezed his hand and kissed his cheek while his arms came about her for a moment, patting her back.
Stephen turned, seeing the affectionate embrace and could see that look in the pirate’s eyes; the devotion and love. She spins webs about every man’s heart without even an idea it is happening, he thought. But only he knew that beneath the loving exterior lay a woman of fiery passion and yet, for this hidden secret he alone possessed, he had lost all else that this man and so many others still enjoyed of her and his jealousy raged silently. Desiree turned to face him with tears glistening in her eyes and nodded that she was ready to go.
Just outside the front door, leaning at the railings of the porch, were a gathering of men. On the walk, wide-eyed children gazed at Desiree as she slowly walked out the door with Stephen and she smiled sweetly at them all.
“Ye be off then?” Mac pouted, looking past her to Stephen.
“Oui, I must.”
“We’ll be missin’ ye, Lass.”
Desiree rushed into his arms with an affectionate hug and he smiled brightly when she placed a kiss upon his cheek. She pulled back and then saw O’Malley leaning against the railing as he stood upon the steps, smiling sheepishly. She was in his arms next with a hug and a kiss. She touched the small gold and pearl pendant about her neck.
“Thank you so much for this, O’Malley. I shall treasure it always.”
“And thank ye Lass, for giving me the wonderful day that went with it,” he winked, his gray eyes merry.
With a dazzling smile, a hug here, a touch of hands there, she bid farewell to her captors, while Stephen hung back taking it all in. She scampered down the steps and the children approached her. She knelt upon the walk and opened her arms to them and they embraced her with kisses and she hugged each in turn. She stood once more, stroking little heads and looked up at him. He joined her on the walk and with shouts of farewell, the children and the pirates followed along as they walked toward the beach.
At the beachhead, Ham’s face lit up when he saw Desiree and Stephen in the crowd of sailors. Ham shook his head with a chuckle. “Looks as though the lady has tamed the entire isle,” he whispered aloud in amazement.
“Bon jour, Ham,” Desiree called brightly.
“Hello, Miss,” he beamed.
Stephen held out his arms at the water's edge and to avoid walking through the surf, Desiree allowed him to scoop her up and set her gently within the sloop. The boat was pushed free by many helpful hands and Stephen along with Ham leapt aboard. Stephen watched Desiree as she continued to wave to the men on shore and he noticed silent tears course down her cheeks and he couldn’t help but bitterly wish that he could have had just one tear shed for him when he had departed her life not so very long ago.
At the Windward, Stephen proceeded up the rope ladder, alighting on deck and Ham tossed Desiree’s bundle up to him. Then with Ham below and Stephen above, Desiree maneuvered up the side of the ship and Stephen took her about the waist, setting her to the deck.
His men were as happy to see Desiree, he noted, as the men on shore were sad to see her go. Most stood about smiling broadly or voicing their relief that she was unharmed.
Davison rushed up. “May I show the lady below, Cap?” he asked grinning at Desiree before giving his captain his full attention.
“Yes, see to her comfort,” Stephen directed, watching her wave once more to the men on shore. He continued to observe her as she stopped to say a greeting to some of his men and wave shyly at others she passed heading aft until she disappeared below.
Stephen strode to the helm as he ordered, “Secure the sloop, Harper. Baker, Carter, weigh anchor. Let’s be about the sheets, Ham.”



Chapter Twenty-Four


The light breeze of the late summer morning brought a chill to Desiree as she stood on the main deck watching the coast of America. Arms folded across her midsection could not still the shivers which possessed her. Her light garb lent nothing to warmth.
Behind her, Stephen observed her for a moment while bringing his yearning under control. Although her body was clad in the plain garb of a household servant and looked almost childlike, he could see the womanly curve of a slender hip as she leaned against the railing. Her full breasts were bound and restrained in the tight bodice and he knew only too well the treasures hidden beneath the garment and ached with the thought.
Desiree gasped as the warm cloak came about her shoulders and turning, she looked up into Stephen’s eyes.
“I thought you might be in need of this,” he said without expression.
“Merci. I’m afraid I am a bit ill-prepared,” Desiree said with a soft smile, her eyes caught in the depths of his.
“Soon we shall be to Portsmouth and you shall have your own articles. Until then, please accept mine on loan.”
He turned and was gone, as abruptly as he had come and Desiree watched him go, finding herself wishing he would return. She turned away from him and looked back out to the land passing by, remembering other times when they would have spoken endlessly.

***

Night closed in and the room was shrouded in shadows. Desiree sat in one of the chairs at the table, reading by candlelight from a book loaned to her by Ham as she had each night; the soft groaning of the Windward her only company. The trip was beginning to grow stressful, interminably long, although they were still early in the voyage back to the colonies. Stephen had been behaving in a very polite, very formal fashion. They avoided one another whenever possible but the conflict was there, just below the surface and she felt that it was building to an inevitable confrontation sometime soon.
The quiet of her thoughts were interrupted by familiar footfalls in the hall, coming close and stopping outside her door. She held her breath, as if the sound could be heard from without. The steps moved off and she released her breath, causing the flame of the candle before her to quiver.

***

More time passed and still no words had been exchanged. Desiree spoke with some of the crew during her days, telling them of her time on the island and they related their ordeal with the calm, which had delayed their arrival. Each night after retiring, she would lie in her small berth, wishing she could somehow start a conversation with Stephen to air some of their differences. But could not think of a casual way to do so and she also knew it could be a painful mistake. Her resentment of him ran deep and churning up the past might only make matters worse.
With each passing night, Stephen would pace about his cabin like a caged cat. The strain was becoming almost too great to bear. He was keeping his distance, avoiding a confrontation but his loneliness for the want of her was maddening. To have her with him once more and still so distant caused his mind to race feverishly on how to put an end to this misery.

***

Another evening came and once again Desiree perked to footfalls in the hall. Once more they stopped and she waited for them to continue before sighing with relief but this time the steps did not proceed and a light knock upon the door set her heart to racing.
“Who is it?” she called, knowing full well the only person it would be.
“Stephen. May I speak with you for a moment please?”
Desiree closed her book and turned to face the door. “Come in.”
The door closed softly and Stephen leaned against it with a sober expression upon his face. “Desiree, we must have this out at last. I should like to come to some conclusion.”
Desiree wrung her hands nervously in her lap. “I thought we were at a conclusion some time ago, Captain.”
“Could I please sit down and discuss this calmly?” he asked, gesturing with his eyes, the chair opposite her.
“No!” she said with more force than intended as her fear of him came upon her. She pointed a trembling finger at him. “That is fine right where you are. Please say what you have on your mind.” Her voice was trembling as much as her body for she was realizing the folly of allowing him admittance too late, for if he were contemplating rape, she would be at his mercy, here in the privacy of the cabin.
Stephen sighed heavily, resting his hands low upon his hips. “How on earth can you be in such fear of me? You know me, Desiree! If you would believe it, you know me better than any woman has ever known me.” He shook his head in frustration.
Desiree’s smile was brittle, her anger beginning to flare, overtaking all other emotion. “The fact that I was raped by you not so very long ago must have slipped your mind! So easily forgotten, Captain?” she queried snidely, her eyebrows lifting vehemently.
“Oh of course!” he spat, standing away from the door and touching his temples, his voice coming thick with sarcasm and feigned sympathy. “The agony I put you through! Is that it my dear? I'd forgotten how terrible that attack had been!” he flung up a hand, outraged. “Tell me, have your wounds from such abuse healed?”
Desiree could make no reply. Her eyes lowered in embarrassment as she recalled the gentle encounter.
“What passed between us could hardly be named rape! Not by any stretch of the imagination! That argument is becoming rather worn, my sweet but once again I shall remind you, as it seems to have slipped your mind, that it turned to a most tender and rewarding encounter for both of us. I doubt very much you suffered physically!” he raised his brows, mocking her, daring her to disagree.
“Stephen, I enjoyed the magic we shared that night I admit that, but suffer I have. You took from me that which was my gift alone to give to the man of my choice. You stole it from me without a thought! You sacrificed the feelings I’d had for you, for your own lust! I had felt at home in your company. I had cared for you—I—I had trusted you!”
“I see, and now you feel you may not do so?”
“Now I feel only fear and mistrust! I don’t want you here alone with me. I’m quaking inside at the thought you might somehow deceive me again and once more I shall fall victim to you,” she confessed with feeling.
“Deceive you! Never did I deceive you! I wore my longing for you upon my sleeve, where anyone could see it if they would but open their eyes!” he shouted.
“Oh, I should have been more observant, I’ll not deny that and suffer I have for that oversight!”
When he chuckled sarcastically, with a shake of his head, Desiree grabbed the book off the table, flinging it at him.
“Don’t you dare laugh at me!” she spat.
He caught the book easily with one hand, glaring at her as she continued.
“Tell me this Captain, did you even care to consider that I might be burdened with your bastard, that I might be growing heavy with your child?”
His eyes narrowed and the anger and sarcasm left his voice as he spoke. “Are you saying you are with child? My child?”
He took a step toward her but Desiree held up her hand as if to hold him away and he halted. “No, I assure you I am not. But had that thought crossed your mind before this moment? I think not! You simply sailed away without a care in the world. To you it was merely a pleasant interlude but it was a constant torture for me.”
In spite of her frantic gestures, he came across the space separating them in an instant and placing a hand upon the table, glared down into her eyes. “You are the one who so easily tossed me aside, not I!” he roared, slamming the book down upon the table top, setting the candlestick to teetering. “I, too, had felt a comfort and trust with you, Desiree. I made a terrible mistake that night, I admit that but I made love to you because I care for you! Not to hurt you, but to bring us closer together! You set yourself against me and tore to shreds all that we had shared. I assure you, had you allowed me I would have been at your side even now. Had you found that you indeed carried my seed, then again I would have been there and if you would have bore a bastard into this world, it would have been over my dead body! Against my better judgment I am going to admit, I have thought of nothing but you since we parted company. I’ve been unable to rout you from my mind!”
Desiree laughed caustically, determined not to allow herself to be tricked again. “Stephen, I am not a fool. Please don’t treat me as such! What of the trollop you visited your first night in port? Will you tell me your mind was filled with noble thoughts concerning me as you mounted her form?”
“I must be a fool to put this bit of ammunition within your grasp,” he ground out, “but I never met the wench. I’ve not touched another woman, I could not even attempt such! You have cast your spell upon me and all others pale beside you! I am not a man to go without feminine companionship but go without I have.”
“You wish for me to be your mistress then and allow you relief at your leisure? Ha! I want none of it.” Desiree stood as she spoke, her eyes aflame with rage and stormed across the cabin, turning back to face him.
“Again you presume incorrectly! I care for you, I want only a chance to…”
Desiree covered her ears with her hands, squeezing her eyes shut, refusing to listen. “You lust for me, by your own admission and I do not doubt that for an instant! But don’t ply me with lies! Don’t say that you care!” she raged, opening her eyes and clenching her fists at her sides. “You know that I am unable to battle you if you decide to take me again! I am at your mercy! Trapped on your own ship and as you told me before you are master here! So don’t act as though I have a choice in the matter! Why try to blind me with your feigned honesty? In hopes I shall fall into your arms willingly?”
“I have never duped you as you seem to believe. I am and always have been honest.”
“Stephen,” Desiree interrupted him rudely. “I hold dear my trusting nature and deplore deceit, so give me none of yours. If you are so determined, then take me and be done with it but give me no more of your lies!”
Frantically with trembling fingers Desiree loosed the small buttons at the front of her plain beige dress, shrugging it off her shoulders. It dropped at her feet in a heap and she kicked it away standing in only her short shift.
“I cannot afford another rent and useless gown, mine are few! Go ahead, have your sport but play no further pretense for I am no longer so gullible. And it shall be rape Stephen, nothing more. No matter what you force my body to experience, it is against my will. It shall be rape!”
Stephen’s gaze raked her form with long starved passion aching in his loins and he could feel his heart beating at a thundering rate within his chest. He lifted his eyes to hers as Desiree moved and took a pace toward him. He watched as a tear traced slowly down her face.
Desiree felt as though her heart might break as she waited for the assault. She closed her eyes, waiting for his lust to strip away all the words he had just spoken. He moved and she tensed, her eyes flying open, expecting to see his handsome face looming before her but instead, he lifted a hand and gently wiped the tear from her cheek and then he walked around her and at the door, he turned back to face her. His expression was unreadable but his voice as he began speaking was surprisingly gentle.
“For weeks I have been plagued with you, in my waking and in my sleeping. You, forever on my mind and in my blood. And yes,” he nodded, his voice rising slightly with anger, “I lust you! And I awake from dreams of you within my arms, to the reality of a cold empty place beside me. I’ll not deny it, Desiree. I could take you to your pallet this moment and possess you as I have longed to. My passion is at a fevered pitch which cannot, it seems, be satisfied by other than you. My body aches for you. My desire refuses to accept any other or any less than you.” He impatiently drew a deep breath as he searched for the right words. “But I’ll not take you this way, to further your cause and drive a wedge deeper between us. I want more of you, Desiree. I want your warm smiles and your laughter. I want you beside me, sharing your thoughts and stories. I want to feel welcomed to join you in conversation in the early morning hours. I want to comfort you when you are in need and yes, I want to take you in my arms and give you the best that I know how.” He paused again, then lifted his brows in a slight shrug. “I have so much regret regarding that night, because I lost you. But I am no less now than you believed me to be before that night. I am just a man, Desiree. No different from any other man. I showed you another side of me that night and you chose to forget all else I had been. My passion is but another part of who I am. All else you knew of me still remains. I am still as I was those many days on this ship, when you sought me out for my company and I sought you out for yours. I want to share all with you, including my passion and I want you to again share all with me that you once did without reservation.”
Desiree stood in stunned silence and he shook his head, turned and left the room, closing the door softly behind him. She was unable to tear her eyes from the portal, as though he were still standing there. The hurt and anger turned to shame and guilt as her tears began to fall in earnest. She had given him no credit for conscience and he had shown that he was worthy of that credit and more. She looked about the room, engulfed in the loneliness she felt with him gone and then in misery flung herself upon her bed.



Chapter Twenty-Five


The next morning was as all the others. Desiree arose and donned a lightweight dress and Stephen’s cloak and took her morning air alone. She walked about midship, listening to the howl of the wind in the sails above her and then looked to the helm, to Stephen’s dark piercing eyes. After a few moments she relented, letting her eyes drop and hurrying below to her cabin.
She slammed the door and leaned against it heavily. What was she to do? Toss her morals by the wayside and fall into his arms, continue as they were and be trapped for possibly months on his island in constant conflict?
He had not mentioned love, only desire. Nor had he offered her any inkling of a permanent situation. No mention of marriage. He wanted her but with no strings attached. He must realize she would be considered tainted now. She could not go into a respectable marriage without her innocence. She felt her anger rising again with the thought and squelched it before it took hold.
He had said he would have been with her still, would not have shirked his responsibility had she conceived. In fact, he had said she would not have bore a bastard but then, the words were spoken when he knew he would not be required to act, so thus rang hollow. He had denied he wished her to be his mistress and yet had not suggested just what title she would be given for her part. She realized he had not given any answers she could take as an honorable solution.
If she had a quicker wit, she could have answered yes when asked if she were with child, simply to see what offer he had in mind; surely not financial support for his child and herself. He was well aware of her financial security and that she would not be in need of his charity. The only possible proposal he could have suggested would have been marriage.
Enough fanciful musings! she chided herself silently. Your options are simple—forget your morals, your upbringing and the risk of indeed taking his seed and go to him—or leave it as is and wipe him from your mind! And on considering the two, the most distasteful by far, was the latter. She wanted to go to him, throw caution to the wind and be taken in his arms and consumed.
Dare she attempt to ask him of his feelings? Could she go to him, call a lie her former words, and claim to be with child to find his true intent? Could she go to him and speak honestly of the fears she had and the longings she felt and live with herself after? What did she know of this man after all? True she had thought she had come to know his moods fairly well but to know him better than any woman as he claimed? She felt she knew precious little and was unsure of his true nature. Was he merely a charming rake? Was he sincere?
When the day drew to an end and the night fell, Desiree was still undecided and she stared into a candle flame as she sat at her small table rehearsing possible conversations within her mind.

***

The light thrown by a single candle at the bedside stand cast shadows upon the timbers above Stephen, where he lay on his pallet staring up at them, his head resting upon his folded arms, his mind filled with Desiree. Perhaps he had made a fatal mistake last evening, he thought dejectedly, missing an opportunity to ease the ache in his loins for no purpose but to trap himself within his words. Once he had unknowingly given up all of Desiree for the want of her form beneath his own, and now he had given up that one attainable aspect for the want of more and again he was the loser.
He had not realized she would still be so vehement toward him but it appeared her hatred had grown to include an irrational fear and kind of hopeless resignation that she had no choice where he was concerned. Well, he had done and said all that he could, he could do no more.
His eyes were drawn to the door where a slight creak of the hinges announced an entry. Desiree moved within and closed the door behind her. She leaned against it watching him silently for a time, then slowly moved across the room to stand next to the bed. He did not make a move, fearing she might flee. He waited on her to proceed.
Desiree nervously ran a hand through her hair which lie upon her shoulder then breathed deeply and knelt beside the bed, resting her arms before her and plucking self-consciously at the sleeve of her dress. Tears well up before she even could begin to speak but she made no attempt to hide them.
Stephen turned to lie upon his side facing her, his head propped up upon one hand, while taking care that his sheet remained carefully draped across his waist. He waited for her to speak, leery of opening his mouth and saying something which might spoil this chance for a civil discussion. Desiree wiped at her tears and with a shake of her head stood again. He was afraid she was about to flee and his hand shot out, taking one of hers lightly in his own. Her eyes probed his and he could see she was in utter turmoil.
“Please talk to me, Desiree.”
“I—I am afraid,” she said softly, taking a trembling breath while drawing her hand from his.
“You have nothing to fear from me. Talk,” he urged gently, patting the bed beside him invitingly and coming to a sitting position, leaning back against a pillow to wait. After a few moments hesitation, Desiree took the proffered seat facing him and tucked one leg up beneath her.
“I want to ask you something Stephen and I want the truth from you,” she began, controlling her voice and wiping the tears from her eyes with the hem of her dress. “You spoke last night of what we had shared before and your desire to share that again. The talks, spending time together. Would you be content then if I once more welcomed your company and leave it at that?” She watched his face carefully for any hint of his anger but detected none.
“Honesty, truthfulness you want, correct?” he asked with a soft smile.
Desiree nodded.
“And if I answer such will you also answer my questions the same without flying into a rage?” he frowned slightly, wiping a lingering tear from her cheek with his fingertips. Desiree nodded once more.
“No, Desiree. I would not be content to leave it at that. I want you and could not honestly agree to anything less for I would not be able to stand by it.”
“So you leave me with no choice but to sever our relationship completely,” she stated matter-of-factly. “Then it shall be so.” She shrugged her shoulders dejectedly, starting to rise from the bed but Stephen touched her arm, halting her.
“Is that the end of it then, without a touch of feeling? Just cast me aside as though deciding against buying a new hat? This is much too important, at least to me, to let it end with one simple question and answer. Now it is my turn—remember, truthfully.” He paused, then asked softly, “Do you want me?”
Desiree felt the color come up in her cheeks at the bluntness of his question. She could not meet his gaze.
“Desiree, answer me,” he coaxed, lifting his hand to gently touch her chin and turn her face so he could look into her eyes.
“I…please. Let’s just end this entire conversation. I should not have come.” she breathed nervously, attempting again to rise but again being halted by Stephen.
Ever so gently, he reached out with both hands cupping her face. His mouth brushed hers in a gentle kiss, a second kiss clung and slightly parted her lips, and finally he kissed her deeply. Desiree felt as if she would die from the sheer bliss of it. She responded to him, tilting her head slightly, forming to his mouth. It was as though she was in one of her dreams but this searing warmth was real. He pulled back and she sat stunned by the loss of his touch.
“You want me,” he confirmed. “So what is this about? Why the fear, your aversion toward me? Why the lack of interest you profess?” he asked, fixing her with a level stare.
“Stephen, you want the truth, you shall have it. Making love is for a marriage bed, at least in my part of the world,” she blurted, wishing at once that she could take the words back. It sounded like a proposal or an ultimatum and she had not intended that.
“So if I were to ask for your hand in marriage, then it would be acceptable?” he asked seriously. “I will.”
“No! Please do not jest at my expense, Stephen. I am so confused—I—I am making a fool of myself!” she said softly, looking to her hands in her lap. “I did not mean to insinuate such—I–I am leaving. This is getting us nowhere!” she stammered.
Stephen prevented her from rising once more as he spoke. “I am not jesting by any means. I will do whatever I must to gain your trust again. I would marry you this minute if it would bring you back into my life.” He lifted and kissed her hand lightly, while his eyes probed hers. “But dearest Desiree, I do not believe marriage is any assurance of an undying devotion and I don’t feel it should be used to barter with, but if that is what you require, would you then believe I mean you no harm?”
His words struck like lightening. She was trying to force him into something for passion’s sake, which in her opinion should be entered into for one reason only—love. How often had she heard the girls at school speaking of using this very tactic to force a man’s will and bring him to the altar? She was amazed that he was willing to do such but she knew she would not hold him by those means.
“To possess me you would go to such an extreme? When you might find the same in any number of women throughout the world?” she asked, her voice echoing her amazement.
“Your innocence is showing, my sweet, for what you have to offer me I would find nowhere else, even if I searched a lifetime.”
“Are you saying you love me then?” she ventured and was surprised when he looked away, all at once flustered. “You didn’t answer me!” she prodded, smiling with amusement and enjoying his unrest.
He squirmed under her regard, looking about the room uncomfortably, then growled, “That does it, I’m leaving! You are tormenting me!” When he made as if to rise from the bed, Desiree laughed brightly and he settled back once more, watching her thoughtfully. “Do you know how long it has been since I have heard your laughter?”
“Quite some time,” she sighed softly. She realized then how much she had missed him, his easy charm and silly playfulness. She further realized that she, indeed, wanted him under any circumstances and she would no longer deny it.
He pulled her gently to him, kissing her long and sound. “Stay with me tonight, Desiree,” he whispered. “Stay.” His lips brushed hers as he spoke and his voice was not pleading, simply asking.
Desiree stood and slowly began to unbutton her clothes but Stephen rose to stand before her, moving her hands aside. He kissed her gently, while with nimble fingers he unbuttoned her dress, slipping his hands within and the fabric moved off her shoulders, sliding from her arms and dropping to the floor. His lips caressed her shoulder, where his thumb moved the strap of her chemise and he unlaced the satin ribbon at the valley between her breasts and the garment slipped to join the gown.
He lifted her effortlessly and laid her across the bed, lowering himself beside her. His lips tested hers, while his hand savored her skin, moving from her throat down to her flat stomach and then his kisses ceased and his eyes rose slowly to meet hers. He rested his hand along her narrow waist while his expression was warm and tender. “You will not rush out hating me after?” he pleaded in a husky voice.
Desiree smiled and touched his muscular shoulder. “I fear I must be insane but no, I will not rush out. I am going to trust in you, Captain Colter and believe in you and pray that I do not regret that decision.”
He enfolded her in his arms, pulling her close as his lips savored hers once more. His whisper was barely audible, a commitment spoken between fevered kisses. “You can trust me.”
And he took her with the utmost of care, binding her to him once more with tender, giving passion. They were alone in the world and nothing mattered but this moment.

***

Sometime later as they lay in the warm glow of their spent love, Stephen reclined against a heap of pillows with Desiree’s cheek against his chest and wrapped within his arms as he gently stroked her bare shoulder.
“Stephen?” Desiree questioned, breaking the silence.
“Uh-huh,” he replied in a whisper.
Desiree turned in his arms, propping herself on his chest to gaze up into his eyes. “How old are you?”
“How old would you guess me to be?” he asked with a chuckle.
“I would guess…” she wrinkled her brow, pondering, “Thirty and three.”
He raised a brow in surprise. “Good God! I must be terribly weathered!” he laughed.
“Tell me! You asked me to guess, now tell me true,” she said tweaking his furry chest.
“I’m on the downhill side of twenty-six, my sweet.”
Her mouth opened in surprise. “Never would I have guessed you to be so young.”
“Thank you very much,” he replied dryly.
“I’m sorry,” she apologized. “I have never been a very good judge of a person’s age. What would you guess me?”
“Ohhh, I don’t know that I dare attempt it. If I guess low I’ll be accused of doubting your womanhood and if high, you shall believe I think you weathered,” he said with a shake of his head and a chuckle.
“No, I’ll not be upset, come on then…” she giggled, sitting up on her heels before him and giving him an innocent but enticing view of her ample charms.
With a deep breath, Stephen cringed and sighed carefully. “Eighteen.”
“You are correct. I had hoped you would think me a bit older,” she frowned teasingly then broke into a warm smile. “How old are your brothers? Older or younger than you?” she asked, curious to see if possibly being the eldest lent to his maturity.
“Well, Daniel would be thirty-one, William would be twenty-eight, Timothy is twenty,” he stated, fingering a strand of her hair which fell over her shoulder.
“Are they all men of the sea as you?”
“Timothy has just taken to running a ship of his own in the last year. Before that he sailed with me,” he offered.
“What of the older two?” she pressed, while slapping at his hand. He was holding the strand of hair and running it along her throat softly.
“Daniel and Will are dead, my sweet,” he sighed.
“Oh, Stephen. Forgive me. I shouldn’t have pried.”
He shook his head, leaning up to place a kiss upon her mouth and then fluffing the pillows, reclined again. “Don’t fret sweet, it’s all right. It happened many years ago.”
“You needn’t say more.”
“I don’t mind speaking of it,” he began. “It was one of my early voyages as a lad. We were transporting powder and flintlocks from England to the colonies and it was the day we were to sail from Glasgow. Ham and I were returning from taking our morning fare at an inn and as we approached the docks, a tremendous explosion rattled the windows. We looked up ahead to see our ship going up in flames.”
He paused, his eyes distant as if reliving the day and Desiree sat patiently, waiting on him to continue.
“Will was killed instantly, as were many of the crew but Daniel had been at the helm, away from the initial blast and was severely burned. He lingered for days before he finally died. I was with him until the end,” he finished softly.
He seemed to still be in the past and Desiree sat quietly watching his face, allowing him his private thoughts.
Stephen had only gone lightly over the details but now remembered the scene with horrible clarity. The force of the explosion had turned the docks into a madhouse. Smoldering debris fell in a shower from the sky; people were running to and fro. In terror, animals broke free from their tethers and dashed frantically about. Ships were being hustled out of their berths, away from the burning vessel and in the confusion, he and Ham had tried to make their way to the ship. They were a good two hundred yards away, stumbling through the chaos, when up ahead, walking from the acrid sulfur smoke very slowly and unhurried, came Daniel, his entire body ablaze.
He remembered now how no one seemed to notice him, only he and Ham. All were caught up in their own terror, while Daniel stumbled numbly along the dock. He had felt as if running in place, as if an eternity had passed before they made their way to him. Ham grabbed a burlap cover off a wagon as they passed and they fell upon him, smothering the flames.
He knew their efforts had been in vain when they lay him upon a bed after carrying him through the streets of Glasgow to a nearby inn. He was burned and charred almost beyond recognition; blackened flesh had come away with the rough burlap covering when they gently removed it. It would be days of agony before Daniel finally gave up and quietly stopped breathing.
He had stayed by his side, awaiting the end, in tears most of the time. He could remember the ragged rattling of Daniel’s breathing, the agonized moans, and the smell of burned and gangrenous flesh and how he had prayed over and over for him to die quickly. He had cursed himself for not having the courage to take up a weapon and end Daniel’s misery and he remembered begging Ham to do what he was unable and being refused. So he had sat by Daniel’s side, watching his once vibrant older brother die slowly, in solitary torture.
“Stephen?”
He lifted his gaze to her, being brought back abruptly from the past. Desiree could see the pain in the dark shadows moving across his face. “I am so very sorry. Forgive me for bringing up past pain.”
He shook his head. “I am fine, sweet. I just had not thought of that for a very long time. Now it seems as if it were yesterday.” He smiled warmly, sitting up and pulling her to him for what began as a reassuring hug but became a tight embrace.
“How old were you?" she asked softly.
“Sixteen,” he sighed, releasing her and placing a soft kiss upon her lips. “Will was only eighteen and Daniel, twenty-one. When I think now of the two of them, how I had looked up to them as so old and worldly, modeling myself after them, it’s hard to believe how young they were.”
“It appears we have both had our share of loss,” Desiree murmured.
“Aye, that we have,” he agreed pulling her down beside him, then moving atop her. “Come with me my raven-haired beauty, cleanse my mind of the pain and the past.”
Each kiss, every caress of his hands was measured. Desiree felt as if being devoured with every contact. He seemed to know every inch of her body and yet at the same time he was discovering, savoring her, causing her to tremble with his touch as he made her feel so very feminine, so vital and so needed as he reaffirmed that he was alive.
He came to her slowly and she gasped with emotion as he filled her and his mouth possessed hers, it seemed, with all the passion he had within his being. He began to move, bringing her with him as they built to spiraling heights, until neither could endure another moment and their combined urgency drove them to the gasping summit. Their breath was warm in one another’s mouths, their embrace powerful, desperate as though they might draw one within the other.



Chapter Twenty-Six


Desiree’s first sight upon waking was that handsome face next to her own, sharing her pillow. He lay upon his stomach beside her and she was quick to notice that he was uncovered. She propped herself up on one elbow as her eyes roamed over him, past the broad brown back, to the narrow hips where dark skin met light, over the firm buttocks and long straight legs. Even relaxed, the muscle of his body was defined and the rugged power he possessed brought a stirring to her. For despite the power, his touch could be as gentle as a whispering wind. Her eyes came back to his face and she smiled at his innocence in slumber, admiring the handsome features for a time. Then, taking a strand of her hair, she touched it to his cheek and he stirred, wrinkling his brow in annoyance. She touched it along the bridge of his nose and he swatted the thin air and then covered his face with a hand, mumbling inaudibly and she choked back a laugh. His fingers separated and he peered at her from between them.
“I am awake. You may cease at any time,” he suggested with feigned annoyance.
He moved his hand and smiled sleepily. “Good morning.”
“Good morning,” she whispered with a grin.
He reached over and pulled the arm supporting her weight out from under her and scooped her into his arms, tasting her lips with a throaty growl. “You are really here,” he said in amazement, nuzzling her neck. “I am not dreaming.”
His passion flared as it had, more than once, through the course of the night and Desiree attempted to halt his wandering hand. With a laugh she said, “You cannot be serious, Stephen! I believe you are impossible to satisfy! Please, not again, I can’t! I’m exhausted.” She jumped as his teeth nibbled lightly at her shoulder. “Behave, please!”
She wriggled away to the opposite side of the bed and he fell onto the pillows with a sigh. “Come back here, for I haven’t the energy to come after you,” he chuckled.
“You act as though you are starved, instead of well appeased. I am not going anywhere, Stephen. You needn’t kill us both trying to make up for lost time.”
She sat up and moved warily to the foot of the bed, keeping her eyes on him all the while. The movement seemed to go unnoticed by him until he turned over and lunged to a sitting position, grasping her about the waist. She shrieked with merriment as he pulled her back down and pinned her beneath him. He kissed her deeply as he leisurely fondled her breasts, teasing and enticing her to respond. She pulled away from his kiss and sank her teeth into his shoulder gently.
“Ouch, why you little—that hurt!” he said in jest with a chuckle.
Her lips kissed the supposed injury and traced along his neck to his ear where her teeth nipped at his lobe, causing him to shudder. Then she moved along his jaw with gentle, fleeting kisses until her mouth met his once more and his kiss was heated and insistent.
A sudden light knock at the door brought the intimate interlude to an abrupt halt. Desiree’s eyes widened in horror and she pushed against his shoulders, until he moved off of her, then she jumped out of the bunk, retrieving her dress from the floor. Holding it before her, she turned in circles, looking for an escape while Stephen melted into laughter, watching her frantic performance.
“Just a moment,” he called to whoever might be on the other side of the door, while his eyes continued to regard Desiree warmly.
She scampered on tiptoes across to him and whispered harshly, “You can’t let anyone know I am here. Stephen, you cannot, please!” she pleaded.
He placed his index finger across her lips, hushing her and looked about for his breeches, donning them. He strode to the door, opening it only enough to allow his exit and walked out into the hall. Desiree could hear Ham’s voice but was unable to make out the words and Stephen opened the door a moment later, entering with a tray in his hands. He kicked the door closed behind him and set the tray upon the table.
Desiree had slipped her shift on and now stepped into her dress, buttoning it while she approached the table. Stephen grinned, set a plate before her and then sat down to his breakfast. He watched her face as it slowly sank in that two servings had been prepared, including fresh brewed tea for her.
It dawned on her then; Ham had known. He had known full well that she was within the cabin! Her mouth fell open and she sank into a chair across from him, covering her face with her hands. “Mon Dieu,” she whispered and then looked up into his eyes. “He knew I was here didn’t he?”
Nodding, Stephen sipped at his coffee.
“What must he think?” Desiree groaned, rolling her eyes in total mortification.
“He is probably thinking he will no longer have to put up with my foul moods,” he chuckled. “He is a gentleman as well as one of my most trusted friends, and I might add, a great admirer of yours. He is aware of what transpired before.” He saw her eyes widen, then narrow accusingly and he rushed on. “I assure you it was purely by accident that he discovered that occurrence! He came to my cabin that night before I had a chance to tidy up after you had tried to take my head off with most of the contents of my desk. He kept that secret as well, so have no fear sweet, he is most discreet.” He grasped her hand and kissed it tenderly. “Now, can we please eat? I must take the helm soon and I would enjoy your company,” he said with a wink.

***

“Stephen?” Desiree called softly.
“Yes!” he growled from his desk, where he attempted to add the same column of figures for the tenth time and for the tenth time had been interrupted.
He looked across to the berth and smiled warmly. Desiree lay upon her stomach, in one of his shirts which seemed to swallow her up and one trim leg was flexing at the knee. Her chin rested against her palm, and she was leafing through the heavy bound book she had once used as a weapon against him.
They painted a very domestic scene and after only days in her good graces, he had to admit he had never known such ease with a woman or such a sense of belonging. She would putter about the cabin, or come up behind him and drape her arms about his shoulders while he worked at this desk and kiss his neck, or tumble into the tub with him and he knew she was what he had been searching for in his life. It would be some time before he could allow himself to express to her all the emotions she was stirring in him—but one day…
“How can you stand to be at sea so much of your life?” she asked, returning his warm smile.
“I don’t see it as drudgery if that’s what you mean,” Stephen offered, as he closed the ledger, blew out the candle and rose from the desk deciding to give up trying to work for the night. He pulled his shirt off over his head throwing it into a chair, closed her book, tossing it onto the floor and slipped into bed beside her while continuing in answer to her question. “My problem has always been to understand how anyone could stay on dry land their entire lives.”
Desiree crawled into his arms, draping her body over his and resting her cheek against his chest. His hand ran through her hair which was fanned out across her back. “Lonely though,” she decided.
“I never thought so, until now,” he confessed lightly. “You make it much more interesting.”
“How long can I expect your company before you leave me on the island and set off again?” she asked, kissing his lips and nuzzling against his neck.
“We shall see, but count on my company for some time to come,” he assured.
“Do you have your own home on the island?”
“No. There is no need for one. I am never there for long. I stay in the family home with my parents and Tim when I am there.”
Desiree moved to the crook of his arm and sighed drowsily. She moved her hand over his smooth, lightly furred chest and the trickle of hair leading downward, then her fingers plucked at the fastener of his breeches. “Are you ready to retire or are you going to go back over there and ignore me?” she asked with a laugh.
Stephen rose, removing his breeches, tossing them across the room then he slipped back into bed. With a growl, he pinned Desiree beneath his frame as he began to unbutton her oversized shirt, one button at a time while placing a kiss on each inch of soft flesh exposed as he descended.
“Stephen?” she whispered hesitantly.
He groaned, resting his head against her stomach. “Woman!” he hissed. “I swear if we ever get through this once without a discussion in the midst it shall be a miracle!” he lifted his head, his eyes menacing. “I fear I shall need to gag you to accomplish it.”
“I’m sorry,” Desiree pouted. “I wanted to ask you something.”
He gave her a bored perusal. “Of course, don’t you always?” he chuckled, kissing her now bare belly lightly.
She had to admit to herself that she interrupted him every time he began to make love to her but it was not intentional. She would think of something and couldn’t let it go until it was voiced. “This pertains to the subject at hand,” she assured, flashing a smile.
“What is it?” he sighed wearily, reluctantly moving beside her to give her his full attention and leaning upon one elbow he gazed down into her eyes, then his eyes narrowed threateningly. “If you dare ask one more question on the function of the male…”
“No, no more questions on that,” Desiree laughed.
“Good because I was going to toss you right out of this bed onto your lovely backside. We’ve discussed that subject more than thoroughly.”
“Stephen,” she interrupted his ranting. “Am I what you would consider wanton?”
“Oh dear Lord, help me!” he said, looking to the heavens briefly with a shake of his head, then back into her eyes and growled with false annoyance, “No! I shall tell you what I consider you, my sweet.” He lifted her hand, entwining her fingers with his own, and then brought the back of her hand to his mouth for a gentle kiss as he continued, “You are the most open, honest, quizzical, uninhibited, passionate, spontaneous and infuriating woman I have ever known!” he laughed warmly, then sobered and his voice was gentle as he released her hand and lightly traced her lips with his fingers. “Even if I had never known the heaven of you within my arms, even before that fateful night, you were my conjuring of the ideal woman. You are everything a man could ever ask for and then some. I adore everything about you and could not bear to have you change the smallest detail.”
Desiree touched a stray lock of blond hair tucking it behind his ear, surprised by his words. He kissed her and she molded to his body ardently, looping her arms about his neck, feeling very secure and close to him.
Stephen drew back with a look of uncertainty. “Anything else on your mind, my sweet?”
Desiree lifted her eyes upward as if in thought and smiled brightly, “Oui, about sailing, now when you…”
“Be quiet!” he chuckled, stopping her words with his lips and Desiree giggled lightly against his mouth.
Within moments, all play was forgotten and the only words spoken were inaudible whispers spoken in the roaring fire of passion.



Chapter Twenty-Seven


From her seat on the steps of the companionway, Desiree’s view of the deck was very limited. Only the blue sky and the white billowing sails of the Windward. Occasionally a crew member would pass above and hold up a hand to her, signaling stay put.
The sails were brought down one by one, and she could then see the tall masts of other ships as they moved into Portsmouth and docked. Stephen appeared above her, grinning down into her upturned face.
“Disobeying Captain’s orders?” he accused threateningly, crossing his arms over his chest.
Desiree pouted as if injured but her eyes moved over his frame with possessive familiarity, causing Stephen to chuckle. She could not help but note the fine fit of his fawn knee breeches above his tall boots, nor the lean thighs flexing with muscle beneath the clinging material. She stood and Stephen bounded down the short flight, taking her hand and heading down the passageway to her door, entering with her in tow.
“I want you to stay in here. Do you understand? You cannot risk being seen, Desiree,” he said solemnly, pulling her into an embrace. Her arms came about his neck and his mouth devoured hers in a passionate kiss. He pulled back and looked down into her eyes.
“Stephen, I just wanted to be close for the landing, no one could see me.”
“Aye, no one could see you but we are docked now and there may be people aboard discussing business with the crew. You really must stay in here, please?” he touched her chin and frowned sternly.
“I agree. But how long before you return with Bridgett? I am so anxious to see her!” Desiree hugged him excitedly.
“Just as soon as I can collect her and your belongings. I’ll be as quick as possible.”
“And don’t forget to take some time to speak with my aunt and uncle. And tell them I am fine and that I love them very much.”
“My sweet, I shall take care of everything. Don’t worry. Just stay here and wait,” he ordered and kissed her once more. “I best be off before I am delayed even longer. I have a terrible urge to…”
“I can imagine!” Desiree interrupted. “Stephen, stop that!” she demanded around his insistent lips as she broke free of his embrace.
She moved to the door and opened it. “You act as though you have been celibate for months instead of but a few hours. At times I fear my physical well-being is more in jeopardy at your hands than this unknown tormentor!” she giggled. “I believe you have inexhaustible stamina.”
Stephen laughed softly, striding to the open door and started out but turned back, peeking around the door into her twinkling eyes. “Perhaps I but fear one day I shall awake to find you have flown from me and am simply trying to form a memory to last me the remainder of my lonely existence,” he cajoled, pressing a tender kiss to her cheek. “Have pity upon me, Angel for I am in total adoration of you and must give proof of that daily.” He kissed the tempting corner of her mouth.
“If not more often,” Desiree added incredulously.
“Do you doubt my affection?” he raised his brows, his expression one of surprise.
“Let me remind you that you have a mission to perform. You may tell me of this adoration later, Captain. Now please go and fetch my nursemaid before I go myself!” she kissed him lightly, waving him away and closed the door behind him.
Desiree sat down upon her bed which she had left unoccupied for many, many nights and smiled contentedly. She felt at peace with herself for the first time since she had set herself against Stephen so long ago on this very ship. No more nightmares endlessly searching for him in the sea or in crowds. No more blue sapphire dagger, no waking with the emptiness beside her. Now she awoke in his embrace and it felt like the most natural place on earth to be.
True it was against her upbringing but it did not haunt her. She wanted him and he wanted her and she was fulfilled. She trusted him and his intent. Although he had not come right out and said that he loved her, he showed it in many ways and she had no doubt that she, indeed, had his heart.
He had tried to convey to her for so long, during those many terrible arguments, that what they had shared could be a completing factor instead of an end to their caring. Now she had realized it was true. He was once more all that she had believed him to be and then some. She felt the comfort she had before, the same comfort she had always shared with Rene’ or her other friends but the passion she felt for Stephen made it all the more fulfilling. It was what her friends had told her to wait for in a man. She had found it with Stephen Colter and she could feel no shame for her actions.

***

Stephen swung wide the portal, grinning broadly as Bridgett rushed in and stood gaping at her young mistress. Desiree rose from the bunk with a giggle, turning about once, seeing Bridgett take in her unusual attire, then curtsied grandly.
Seeing her mistress in a white servant’s dress with suntanned skin and loose flowing locks, Bridgett could not suppress her thoughts. “Missy, you look absolutely beautiful!”
Desiree rushed to her, embracing her excitedly. “Oh as do you, Bridgett! I missed you so!”
“How are you truly, sweet? Are you as healthy and happy as you look?” Bridgett blubbered, unable to hold back tears of happiness.
“I am fine, just fine!” Desiree assured, hugging her once again. “Did Aunt Colette and Uncle Maurice understand the meaning of the change in plans?” she asked, looking to Stephen as he leaned at the threshold.
“Aye, it is all understood, Desiree,” he nodded with a smile, as he enjoyed watching the touching reunion. “They send you their love and will await word from you on your progress. Well, I shall leave you ladies to catch up with each other while I see about the launch. Excuse me.” With a wink in the stead of a kiss as he was accustomed, Stephen took his leave, closing the door behind him.
“I want to hear it all,” Bridgett began, as the two took a seat upon the bunk. “Were those outlaws civil?”
“Bridgett, I assure you I was treated with the utmost respect. Red, the leader, is a wonderful man. Wise and caring. He treated me as though his own daughter. All the men did for that matter. I cannot begin to tell you how much they came to mean to me. See this?” she held up the golden pendant hanging from her neck and Bridgett admired the pearls nestled in gold inlay. “It was a gift from Red and one of the men, O’Malley. He actually took the time and trouble to go pearl diving with me. Isn’t it lovely?” Desiree asked while caressing the pendant.
“Beautiful, my dear.” Bridgett agreed.
“It was a wonderful adventure, Bridgett. Of course at first I was terrified, but I soon found I had nothing to fear from any of them. Oh Bridgett! You should have seen all the children! Just adorable! I came to care for them very much,” she sighed, then frowned. “But I feel very guilty, Bridgett. You not knowing what was happening to me when I was enjoying myself, having a glorious time.” She patted Bridgett’s hand.
“That matters not. I am just thankful you are safe and unharmed,” Bridgett smiled, wiping her eyes. “Your apparel—Captain Colter mentioned you would be happy to have your own things.” Bridgett sniffed, touching the shoulder of her plain white dress.
“Yes, I fear this leaves much to be desired, doesn’t it?” Desiree agreed with a giggle, “But it has served me well.”

***

By the midday meal, the ship was well on its way to sea and Desiree and Bridgett went above deck to enjoy the afternoon. Desiree climbed the steps to the helm and turned about before Stephen. She was dressed in a light yellow silk gown, with an attractive décolletage and layered skirt. Stephen smiled in appreciation and whispered just before Bridgett climbed to join them, “Still, the others did have their advantages.”
Desiree rolled her eyes at his remark in silent communication. He had told her on several occasions how he enjoyed the relative ease he had getting her out of the simple clothing.
“How many days until we arrive at your home, Stephen?” she asked, diverting his more than casual regard from her figure.
“Oh, less than a fortnight if the winds are kind. Not terribly long but then I am sure you are most anxious to give up your sea legs. You have become quite a sailor these last few months.”
“I feel as though I have spent my entire life at sea. I think I can say with certainty that I shall…” she lowered her voice to a whisper and cupped her hands around her mouth as if not wanting to be overheard, “not miss the Windward for a moment once I feel solid ground beneath my feet.”
Stephen chuckled. “Now I am certain you have been at sea too long, Desiree. You are becoming addled.”
Bridgett observed the two laughing warmly and wondered at the change in their behavior. Whatever had been amiss when last she had seen them in each other’s company had obviously been reconciled to a happy conclusion. She watched the two and thought what a handsome couple they made. Of course they were not a couple but at least they were once more comfortable with one another and it would make for a pleasant voyage, she mused.

***

The evening meal was taken with the captain in his quarters and the three shared some of the pastimes they had enjoyed on their previous trip. It was well past nightfall when Bridgett came to her feet with a sigh and addressed Desiree.
“Dear, I feel a bit squeamish. My seasickness again I am afraid. I had hoped I would be able to forgo it this time but it appears to have caught up with me. Could we please retire?” she pleaded weakly.
Desiree could see the gray tinge around Bridgett’s lips and that she was in desperate need of lying down. Her mind was in a flurry though, considering something altogether contrary to her nurse’s plight. She had not thought about the fact that she would be expected to reside with Bridgett in her cabin instead of here with Stephen as she had become accustomed. She could not very well ask to stay a bit longer, for she knew that she would not be coming to her quarters were she to do so. She would fall asleep in Stephen’s arms after making passionate love with him. Her eyes turned to Stephen and he smiled softly coming to his feet.
“Well ladies, I hate to see you go but if you must, you must!” he said looking directly at Desiree and the meaning of his words was clear. He understood that she must go.
“Good night, Captain and thank you for all your help this day,” Desiree said and placed her hand into his for a brief moment.
“Of course, Miss Chandelle. Any time.”
The amusement showed on his face and Desiree could guess that he had failed to realize the changes that would now take place also. He walked to the door and held it for the women and with a last look over her shoulder at him, Desiree followed Bridgett down the passageway.

***

Bridgett turned in immediately and Desiree sat at the table with a book open before her but she was not reading. Her mind was in the room just around the corner and down the passageway and she longed to simply leave the cabin and make that short walk to his waiting arms.
“Bridgett?” she called softly. There was no answer and the slow and steady breathing told her that she was already asleep. Desiree closed her book, rose quietly from her chair and tiptoed out of the room.
Hearing a timid knock, Stephen came to his feet, placing his drink unsampled upon his desk. His mind had been on Desiree and the loneliness he felt with her absence and when he opened the door to find her leaning against the wall across the passageway he grinned with obvious pleasure.
“Well Captain, what are we to do about this?” Desiree asked with a pout, crossing her arms over her chest.
“Come in and let us discuss it,” Stephen said with a sly grin, reaching for her.
Desiree pushed his hands away, glancing down the passageway to ensure their privacy. “Stephen, I cannot. I must get back before she rouses to find me missing but what are we going to do? I hadn’t even considered the fact that her being here would interfere with our routine and by the look on your face earlier you had not either,” she giggled.
“No, I had not. I think we do have a bit of a problem because I have grown accustomed to you beside me through the night. I fear I shall have a devil of a time finding rest,” he eyed her trim form suggestively.
“So tell me you lusty fool, what are we going to do?” she laughed, watching his slow regard of her body.
“All that can be done is one of two things. Either you sleep a way down there and I here for the remainder, or we go to Bridgett, confess we are lovers and inform her you shall be staying in my chambers.”
Desiree groaned, rolling her eyes. “Neither do I relish.”
He stuck his head out of the door, looking down the passageway before reaching out and taking Desiree about the waist and pulling her to the threshold of his cabin. His mouth moved upon hers and his tongue plunged within to be met by her own. Desiree’s arms came about his neck and she pulled him closer still, her passion mounting with the onslaught of his lingering kiss.
“Desiree?” Bridgett’s voice sounded out of sight down the hall.
Desiree pushed away from Stephen and he leaned against the open door as she stepped back into the passageway with an innocent expression in place upon her face. She hurried down the passage and looked around the corner to find Bridgett peeking out of their cabin.
“I’m here, Bridgett.”
“Child, what are you doing?” Bridgett asked with surprise.
“Oh, just having a word with the captain. I shall be right there,” she assured.
Bridgett closed the door and Desiree walked back down to Stephen and smiled, seeing his eyes dancing with amusement. He held the top of his door, leaning against it as a grin spread across his lips. “You had better go,” he said with a chuckle.
“I am afraid so,” Desiree grumbled with a shrug of her shoulders. She looked again down the passage and then walked a step forward and lifted on tiptoes to place a light kiss upon his mouth. “Sleep well, Captain.”
She turned and went back toward her lonely quarters and Stephen leaned out watching until she had turned the corner before softly closing his cabin door.



Chapter Twenty-Eight


Desiree could hardly bear thinking of Stephen’s arms about her. She ached with the need for his touch and as the days passed by, the ache grew. She knew that he too was becoming very restless. His eyes would flash with unspoken passion at their every meeting.
It had been close to a week, when one night Stephen awoke to find Desiree lying naked beside him, her head resting upon the pillow next to his. He gazed into her smoldering eyes as she whispered, “Make me yours, Stephen.”
“With pleasure, sweet.” he agreed softly.
Sometime later, Desiree lay in the crook of Stephen’s arm as her hand slid across his rippling belly in slow circles. She allowed her hand to dip lower on each successive circle and smiled, noticing the increased rate of his breathing and his stomach muscles tightening as she teased him playfully.
“Desiree, you had best stop or you will be just that much later returning to your cabin,” he threatened with a chuckle. When she continued, he whispered, “You have been warned.” Then he gasped as her hand dipped lower still gliding over his reawakened manhood and between his legs to caress his jewels.
Desiree turned in his arms, leaning upon an elbow and her hair spilled in waves over her shoulder and onto the pillow beside him. She smiled into his dark smoldering eyes, and then abruptly she sat up on her heels with mischief apparent on her face. “Well, I shall be going now, Stephen,” she said lightly, making as if to rise.
His face fell and then a grin spread across his lips. “You are a minx, Desiree. You will not be going anywhere until we see about easing this ache you have revived. Come temptress, this time you shall ride.”
Stephen seated her over his frame and with his assistance Desiree slowly lowered herself and took him in. Their eyes locked, while his thumbs traced the peaks of her breasts softly. Then he placed his hands at her waist while he showed her how to glide up and down. After very little instruction Desiree took the lead, moving languidly while leaning her hands upon his chest for support. He smiled at her, with his passion seeming to take second place to some train of thought. She frowned at him quizzically, watching emotions run across his face she could not quite determine. He seemed to be taking in every detail of her.
“Come here,” he whispered huskily.
Desiree leaned toward him and he crushed her to his chest, kissing her deeply. He turned her beneath him and lifted upon his elbows, stroking the hair at her temples with his fingertips. He was deep within, making no move to continue and she searched his face. “What is it, Stephen? What are you thinking of?” she asked with a puzzled frown, looping her arms about his neck and wrapping her legs about his waist, perplexed by his delay.
“I was thinking what a treasure I have found, my sweet. I’ve never known such peace as when you are with me.”
“That sounds serious, Monsieur!” Desiree teased with a giggle.
“Very serious,” Stephen agreed with a nod, raising his brows and gently kissing her lips.
Desiree ran her hands down his back and lightly over his buttocks. “Stephen, I am surprised at you! You, talking in the midst of lovemaking. If this is going to become your habit as well as mine, we are in trouble I fear. Now be quiet. I must leave soon,” she chided with a light kiss.
“What a demanding woman you are!” he returned with a smile and a throaty growl.

***

It was close to dawn when Desiree rose and while Stephen watched in appreciation, she slipped her robe about her form and belted it, then pulled her hair out of the neck, letting it cascade about her. Stephen moaned and approached her. “I wish morning never had to come.”
Desiree accepted the kiss he dropped lightly upon her mouth then looked about the room, retrieving his breeches. “Put these on, Captain. I must go, now,” she assured, seeing his readiness to return to the bed with the slightest urging.
With a sigh of resignation he obeyed, pulling his breeches over his hips and donning a shirt. He moved to the door and Desiree preceded him out, walking to her cabin with his hand riding along her hip. At the threshold, he kissed her once more. “Until later, my sweet,” he whispered and Desiree slipped within her cabin as quiet as a mouse.
“Desiree! Where have you been?” Bridgett’s voice caused Desiree to jump almost out of her skin. Bridgett sat upon her bunk with arms folded over her chest. “I am waiting for an answer.”
Desiree felt she might faint. She sat heavily at the table, lighting a candle and turning to face Bridgett. She had no choice but to confess and opened her mouth to speak, then closed it once more, unable to find the right words.
“You’ve been with the captain,” Bridgett stated flatly.
Desiree nodded, looking down to her hands folded in her lap.
“Oh Desiree!” Bridgett cried, rising and moving to sit at the table opposite her. “You cannot do this, child!” she said brokenly.
“Bridgett, please don’t moralize. I have thought it all through and this is what I want. I care for him very much,” she smiled softly, still feeling the glow of her hours spent with Stephen.
Bridgett shook her head as tears glistened in her eyes. “Believe me dear, I can understand how you could be taken with him. He is so very handsome and a fine man but you are not one to act as though a common…”
“Don’t say it, Bridgett!” Desiree warned. “I care for him and he cares for me. I am sure of it. I have thought it all through, honestly I have, and I want to be with him and I will, whether you approve or not.”
“I know what I speak of, dear! I had my own Captain Colter in my youth! I was young and he was handsome and used smooth words and promised me the moon and I believed his every word. He took me into his very home and I lived a fine life with many advantages. He was wealthy and powerful and without realizing it I was no more than a kept woman! He eventually tired of me and I was cast aside without a thought!” she paused brokenly. “Then I met a fine man,” she continued, her eyes soft with memory. “We fell in love and planned to marry until by chance he found out about my shameful past and he walked out of my life. I would have told him myself but the result would have been the same. He married another and I came to be your nurse! I heard just a year ago that he had died. You asked me once why I never married and now you have it. And what of you? We are going to this man’s home. We shall be living under his roof and what will become of you when he finishes with you? I have seen his type Desiree, he is a man of the sea, he cannot be tamed! I’m sure a string of young women such as you are strung a mile long in his wake. Soon you shall be just one of many.”
“No! You are wrong,” Desiree cried. “He is gentle and kind and he does care…” Desiree stopped mid-sentence. She could talk until the next nightfall and make no argument which would convince Bridgett. She didn’t understand. She just didn’t understand any of what they shared. “I will talk no more of this—ever! I am going to sleep now. I am tired.”
For a very long time Bridgett sat at the table watching Desiree as she slumbered. She could do nothing but let it drop for now, she decided sadly. She had been Desiree’s age once and like Desiree she had refused to listen to wise council.



Chapter Twenty-Nine


“Good night, Bridgett,” Desiree said timidly, pausing at the door. Bridgett smiled sadly and looked back to her needlepoint without words. Desiree walked out, closing the door quietly behind her.
She burst into Stephen’s cabin without knocking, closing the door soundly. She glared at him as he reclined at his desk with his feet propped up and a drink in his hand.
“What is the matter with you? And what are you doing in here?” he asked while swinging his feet off the desk and setting his drink down firmly.
“What is the matter with me?” Desiree hissed, coming around the desk and standing before him. “You are the matter with me!” she stated, swinging a clenched fist at his face and very gently clipping his jaw.
He laughed as his eyes twinkled up at her and he pulled her forward to stand between his legs. “Don’t you dare lift your knee woman or I shall beat you,” he threatened lightheartedly. “Now what have I done that has you so upset? I haven’t seen you all day so I know it can’t be anything recent.”
“Bridgett knows. She was waiting for me this morning when I returned.” With hands on hips, Desiree stamped her foot angrily. “She won’t speak to me and I feel like a criminal!”
Stephen pulled her onto his lap and pressed her hand to his lips for a kiss. “I will go and speak with her. It would be best considering we shall be on the same small island, in the same house and I do not enjoy unrest.”
“No, don’t speak with her. It would probably only make matters worse,” Desiree decided with a sigh, reaching for his drink and downing a healthy amount.
Stephen lifted a brow as she gulped down the strong whiskey without so much as a grimace. “You are upset! Tell me, what exactly did she say on the matter?” He took the drink from her hand, testing the contents himself.
“She told me I was no better than a trollop. That you would tire of me soon enough and cast me aside without a thought.” she admitted, glaring at him, demanding a response with her expression.
“First of all, you are no trollop and I don’t want to hear that again. And secondly…” he paused and looked at her thoughtfully. “You know, you leave me no space for a buffer. You make me tell you every thought, every feeling, it leaves me quite exposed. I don’t much like giving that leverage into your hands but, if I must, so be it,” he sighed heavily. “I have no intention of casting you to the side. I care for you very much and you know that. Would I have come back to Portsmouth if I didn’t care? Would I have come to Nevis if I didn’t care? Would I be constantly baring my soul to you if I didn’t care? I will not tire of you and I will not cast you from my life. You shall have a devil of a time getting rid of me,” he frowned. “Is that good enough or must I go on?”
Desiree kissed him tenderly. “That’s good enough. I believe you. Bridgett will come around in time.”
“Well, since we seem to have the entire evening together, how about we…” he paused for effect, “have us a match of chess? We can play winner take all!” he added with a sly smile.
“Take all what?” she questioned with a knitted brow.
“Whatever they wish!” he leered. “And that shall be my option as you have yet to best me!”
“We shall see! I have improved, you know. Red and I played quite often on the island,” Desiree teased, moving from his lap and taking a seat at the table while he brought the board.
“As you said, we shall see,” he challenged with a cocky grin.

***

Much later, Desiree ran her hands across the expanse of Stephen’s shoulders, noting the smooth dark skin in sharp contrast to the light locks at the nape of his neck. His lips caressed her throat, her shoulder, moving downward.
“Stephen?” she questioned, touching his soft hair.
“Shhhhh!” he silenced her, continuing down to her breast with his lips.
“Stephen!”
He lifted his head, narrowing his eyes threateningly. “Desiree, I am attempting to make love to you as is my right by my victory! Please at least allow me the courtesy of feigning interest. Humor me!” he quipped, sinking his teeth gently into her nipple.
“Stephen! I want to talk! Humor me!” she demanded, covering her breasts with her hands.
He growled but moved to her side, resting his head upon his hand and gazing down into her eyes. “What would you care to discuss, pray tell?” he gritted between clenched teeth with an affected strained smile.
“Have you had many conquests?” she asked, turning on her side, resting her head upon her own hand and smiling sweetly with mere inches between their faces.
“Conquests, as in battles? As in discovery of foreign lands?” he queried with feigned ignorance.
“As in women! Have you had many?” she clarified, not appreciating his humor.
“You little devil!” he chuckled, placing a soft kiss upon her mouth.
“Tell me!” she prodded.
“No!” he stated simply with a widening of his eyes and a slight shake of his head.
Desiree nipped at his chin with her teeth and repeated, “Tell me.”
“No! I am not about to discuss my previous relations with you. It is unimportant and ungentlemanly,” he dismissed the idea, rolling to his back and averting her gaze.
Desiree rose up on all fours, crawling atop him. She straddled his frame and caressed his chest with the peaks of her breasts seductively. “Tell me,” she hissed, leaning down and kissing him with abandon, possessing his mouth with her own.
His breath caught as without warning her fingers closed around him, sliding the head along the folds of her sex before drawing him to the entrance and lowering onto him.
“Tell me, Stephen,” she whispered, rocking languidly as she gently tugged at his lower lip with her teeth.
His hands moved over her back, his eyes smoldering as he tried to increase her maddeningly slow rhythm by guiding her hips and lifting to meet her. Desiree sat back, stopping the motion completely and he moaned and whispered hoarsely, “What was the question?”
She leaned down to caress his ear with her lips, kissing along his jaw and down his neck as she began once more to move with agonizing slowness. “Have you had many women?”
“After, I’ll discuss it after. Please!” he pleaded with a chuckle.
“Tell me,” she warned softly, enjoying the control she had over him.
“Yes, I have had my fair share,” he groaned.
“Have you been in love many times?” she asked, with a sudden added sideways movement.
“Damn!” he breathed raggedly, grasping her arms and pulling her over as he rolled on top.

***

“Good God you are a vixen!” Stephen declared sometime later, kissing her soundly and moving beside her. “Where did you learn those tactics?” he wondered this with a suspicious sidelong glance.
“What are you insinuating, Monsieur?” she challenged, coming to her knees once more and moving over him.
“Nothing! Please, not again! Have mercy on this poor old sailor!” he pleaded in mock terror.
“Oh you! You are impossible!” Desiree stated, rolling her eyes heavenward and then laying down again at his side and within his arms.
“Did you? Love any of those women?” she questioned while running her hand over his chest, without looking into his eyes.
Stephen sighed heavily, looking up at the timbers above. She was forever putting him on the spot, delving deeper into his life and although it was what he had hoped to attain, a comfortable knowledge of one another, she left him ill at ease with this particular subject. It would serve no good purpose. Only build resentment, perhaps even cause doubts in her mind but she left him with no options. He would speak the truth if it came to that.
“Desiree, why all these questions?” he released his breath wearily. “Why would you want to know something like that? Because of Bridgett’s tirade perhaps?”
“Curiosity, that is all,” Desiree admitted softly. In truth though she had noted that at least one thing Bridgett said was true. He did have a string of entanglements behind him.
“Well, I think it is something more. I fear you are planning to punish me for her words, when I have done nothing to earn such.”
“You sound as though you don’t trust me, Stephen,” she quipped innocently.
He chuckled in amazement. “Not so long ago my sweet, you made me pay dearly for my words and deeds. I fear I may be slitting my own throat with my answers to such questions.”
“Why? You have been in love many times, haven’t you? A string of broken hearts left in your wake?” she spat hotly, moving quickly away from him and sitting up on her heels.
Stephen sat up just as quickly, facing her. “See what I mean? You have just taken the offensive, ready to fight! You seem determined to have this out—fine! So be it! I have never had even as much as an infatuation. And if you fear we share something that many others have also shared with me, it could not be any further from the truth! I have never shared with another woman what I have come to depend upon you for. There is no string of broken hearts in my past; only unimportant moments of passion as quickly forgotten as the act itself was accomplished!”
Desiree lifted her nose a notch with an expression of disgust. “That sounds very sordid. So you are saying it means nothing to you? You sail the high seas, taking women on a whim without caring in the slightest?” She yanked the sheet away from his body, draping it across her bosom, hiding her charms from his view and bounded out of the bed, taking the sheet with her, while he grabbed and caught only thin air. She swaddled herself in the sheet, tucking the end into her cleavage and moved to sit at his desk chair, facing him.
Stephen noted that angry flames leapt from the violet depths, awaiting, nay demanding a response. He rose from the bed with an angry growl and a shake of his head, searching for something to cover his nakedness. He retrieved a discarded towel from a chair, wrapping it about his hips and tucking it in upon itself. He then came to stand before her at the desk, gesturing with flourish. “If you thought I had a care for every woman I ever bedded then you could accept it, is that it? I doubt it highly!” he answered his own question. “I don’t know what you expect me to say! What is the point of this?” He dropped to his knees before her, his hands resting on either side of her hips in the overlarge seat, leaning against her knees and glaring up into the icy violet depths.
Desiree could not say for sure. Was it fear of her unknown place in his life? Jealousy that others had lain with him or simply Bridgett’s words shaking her confidence? She shrugged her shoulders, noncommittally, dropping her eyes to her hands in her lap and Stephen reached out, covering both her hands with his own.
“For a man of my age I can hardly claim innocence, Desiree. But I care for you, I want you and if you do not know that by now, then apparently you find me lacking in expressing myself.”
Her eyes lifted to his and their expressions softened. He touched the soft flesh of her upper arm lightly with the back of his index finger and smiled gently. “I do not want to feel it necessary to defend myself when I have done nothing wrong, Desiree. You are all I want. That is what matters and if you don’t accept that, then take your revenge upon me but just remember—whom I may or may not have had in the past has no bearing upon our relationship whether Bridgett believes it does or not. I swear to you, I give you my oath, I have been with no other since you came into my world,” he finished sincerely.
Desiree felt her anger take flight. He was always so wise, so truthful, and so right. Why was she acting the jealous mate, as though she had any right to do so? It mattered not and was, in reality, none of her business. It was not her nature to be so possessive and was most unbecoming.
“I am sorry, Stephen. I have no cause to act so childish. I show my age I suppose. Please forgive me,” she said lowering her eyes. She was surprised to hear Stephen chuckle and he rose before her, dropped the towel and then scooped her from the chair and carried her back to bed.
“Jealousy is not a matter of age, nor a matter of experience or the lack of it. It has to do with feelings, Desiree. It is a sign of caring and so at least I know you care for me a bit. But let me tell you a little secret…” he paused, falling back onto the bed with her in his arms. He assisted her as she unwound herself from the sheet and between them, they shook it out, covering themselves and he rolled atop her as he continued. “I am not immune. Although I was as positive as a man can be of your purity before our first encounter, had I found that to have been untrue, you would have seen jealousy that would have terrified you,” he kissed her gently.
“It matters to you that no other…”
“It pleases me to know that no other had gone before,” he assured, stroking her hair at her temples. “In fact, since we seem to be making this a night for honesty and voicing concerns, something has troubled me since I set out for Nevis; it matters very much that no others have gone after.” His voice was somber.
“You are serious?” she gasped incredulously.
“Well, you were there for some time and you were a captive…” He let the sentence dangle.
She could not resist teasing him and looked away dramatically, biting her lower lip before releasing it, then speaking softly. “True, I was a prisoner, unsure of my fate. I had to use my womanly wiles to try and ensure my life would be spared. Are you sure you want to hear this?” she queried as she tried to look sorrowful and ashamed, unable to directly meet his gaze. She watched as his tanned face seemed to turn a shade darker and his eyes narrowed.
“If you are making light of this I suggest you think again for I will kill the bastard who laid a hand on you!” he rasped quietly.
When Desiree continued to avoid answering the question and refused to look him in the eyes, he took her face gently in his hands, forcing her to look at him. His need for assurance that she hadn’t been with another man becoming a conviction that indeed she could not have.
“You would not have lain with another and appeared so casual in their presence! I know that by my own experience!” He paused as a thought dawned on him. “Unless you cared a great deal, such as Red or perhaps that O’Malley fellow! Christ, they are old enough to be your father, your grandfather even! Damn it, say something Desiree!”
Desiree was amazed by the anger, even rage she saw upon his face. She smiled innocently. “No other has gone where you have been Stephen but you have shown me that indeed jealousy is neither a matter of age nor experience. I don’t feel so foolish now for it appears we both have a possessive nature.”
His expression softened in relief and he kissed her soundly. “You are a cruel wench, putting me through that. Your state plagued me the entire voyage to Nevis. I was beside myself with worry and have wondered and worried on it since I brought you away from there. Please Desiree, unless you want me to put some poor beggar in an early grave, do not jest about that again.”
He turned to his back and Desiree lay in the crook of his arm, both looking to the timbers above. He breathed deeply and she could feel the tension leaving his body.
“I’m sorry, Stephen.”
His kissed her forehead. “Forgiven. So tell me, have you loved any of those you have had?” he asked lightly, wetting his fingers and stretching out his hand to douse the light at the bedside, casting the room into darkness.
“Somehow that question is neither as broad nor as impersonal as when I asked it of you,” Desiree quipped with a laugh, nuzzling against his neck.
“But valid,” he continued with a chuckle.
He was asking for an admission of love, when she had not asked or received such from him. She was not ready or able to admit this to him. She was unsure of his French vocabulary, whether it was more advanced than he claimed, so she spoke a simple disjointed, two-sided remark. “Etre clair, est etre et fermer,” she whispered.
To be clear is to be too close. He could interpret it as an unfinished thought, to be clear is to be too close to the truth or he could interpret it that she would rather not be so open or close to him about her feelings just yet. Either way, the remark would surely prompt further inquiry of her meaning. If not, she had at least answered with something and that he did not understand was irrelevant.
Stephen laughed heartily, pulling the covers up about them. “In other words no answer is forthcoming,” he said kissing her mouth lightly. “Good night, Sweet.”
“Good night.” She cuddled closer within his arms and they were quiet for a long moment, then he chuckled again.
“I should have made an effort at some point to learn French. Every utterance is so pleasant to the ear, flowing and harmonious. Why is it that I have the distinct feeling that I have just been abused verbally and unknowingly been called a scoundrel or worse?”
Desiree choked back a giggle. “I have no idea.”

***

The sliver of a moon high in the night sky brought barely the illumination of a solitary candle through the small leaded cabin windows and in the semi-blackness Stephen was unaware that Desiree was awake, watching him slip silently into his clothes and then exit the room. He was obviously having difficulty finding sleep as was she and she wondered what his cause of unrest might be.
For herself, the cause was not clear in her own mind. She sifted through the bits and pieces of conversation she had shared with Stephen this night; his admission of a colored past, her unexpected reaction to that admission and the abrupt discovery of Bridgett’s scandalous indiscretions. It all brought home to her, her total lack of experience to deal with any of these realities.
Stephen was so sure of himself, so calm and in control, with years of experience and exploits to his credit when compared with her, floundering in insecurities and suffering from a childish lack of composure. What did she know of the grown up affair she had entered into with the faculties of a schoolgirl? He was probably asking himself this moment how he could have allowed himself to become entangled in this predicament, saddled with a clinging vine who was unsophisticated, jealous and as possessive as a child.
But his words were so convincing, calming her fears, making her feel as though she were the most important part of his life. My Lord was that the ploy of all men? Saying exactly what they must to achieve their goals? Smooth words and hollow promises as Bridgett claimed she had received? How on earth did one know? How had Bridgett known the difference when her true love came into her life? Some peculiar feeling, a thunderbolt suddenly slashing through her heart? What of the comfort, the warmth, the rightness of every moment spent with Stephen? Perhaps only the utterance of those three words I love you or a proposal on bended knee to take one as a wife assured undying devotion.
But Stephen was unbounded in his patience with her and unperturbed by her giddy personality. Teaching her the fine art of intimacy with tenderness and gentle urging, with respect for her and it seemed respect for the act. Then too, he engaged her in conversation, asking her for her views and opinions on subjects that most men never even broached with women, as though her opinion were of great importance to him and worthwhile.
He had hung on every word when she had spoken of her parents, her home, the lake, describing it all in detail. He understood her hesitancy to delve into her father’s business and its complexities. He stated she was fortunate for Jacques Monet and his expertise and advised her to depend upon him until she could seriously consider learning such things and he was very confident in her ability to learn whatever would be required of her. He made her feel as if every aspect of her were of importance to him, not only her physical self. Was that the way of a man toward one he considered only his mistress or the caring of a man who loved a woman?
No answers came, no insight, no inkling. She could only wait to see what happened next. She was playing a game without knowing the rules. Unsure of whether there were a winner or a loser or if the best one could hope for would be a draw. Whatever the outcome and in spite of her lacking womanhood she would make one resolution; no more possessive quarrels over his past lovers. She knew by the discussions she had shared with Rene’, Antoine and Honore’ of one taboo, the one she was now committing, suffocating by clinging too tightly.
She had never worried on that with her friends, for it was such a family type of affection that no show was overmuch but those same young men had avoided anxious women, virgins, as if they had the plague. Just what would they be inclined to do were they to find themselves in an affair with a young clinging naïve child? However, on considering their possible courses of action, she realized that none would find themselves in such an affair, not by any stretch of the imagination. Certainly none would have endured to the point Stephen had.
Why on earth had he endured this long? He, being so charming and handsome could easily have any woman he desired. Why had he made love to her that first time, when he knew, he said he was certain that she was innocent? Why did he want her still? “And why are you thinking such childish thoughts?” she asked herself aloud sharply. After all, she had gone into this with her eyes wide open. He wanted her for the same reason she wanted him, they were attracted to one another. Why must she analyze it? “Oh, when am I going to grow up?” she moaned aloud, turning to her stomach and pulling a pillow over her head.

***

The chill night air of early October touched Stephen when he came above deck, slowly making his way by moonlight to the helm.
“Stephen! What are you doing up?” Ham asked in surprise. “Don’t tell me you longed for the company of this old sea dog when a beautiful woman is below to keep you warm,” he chuckled.
Stephen made no reply, moving to the rail and leaning there he crossed his legs at the ankle and leaned back. “Ham, that lady has me shaking in my boots,” he confessed, looking up at the night sky.
“I don’t need to be told that. I have eyes,” Ham nodded when Stephen’s regard turned to him. “I watched you Stephen, carousing Dover and Jamestown every night, searching, finding, never sampling. I have never known you to think twice about easing your need but like a loving husband wanting only his mate you set all away from you, retiring alone each night.”
“She is barely a woman. Was only two months into her eighteenth year when…” he paused with a shake of his head. “How has one young woman brought me to such a state? I’ve bedded some of the most beautiful women in the world, the most exciting and experienced bits of fluff money could buy or charm could sway. Not one, not one could hold a candle to Desiree. How has she turned me to her slave and left me totally addled?” he asked more himself than his friend.
“Stephen, whatever she has done I approve heartily. You know well enough that I have never approved of your lack of discretion but then I have had my sweet wife and have been a married man more years than you have been alive. That fact aside, I have never seen a man prowl more than you, except of course for Will and Dan. Maybe it is your good looks, Will and Dan, too. None of you ever seemed to believe you needed to care. You always had whoever you wanted, whenever you wanted. None of you have had trouble finding a willing partner. Now Timmy, he is a different breed. At least he is choosy with whom he dallies but you three, they fell all over your brothers and they fall all over you to get a share. I think it is high time you appreciated a woman for all she is and has to offer,” he decided thoughtfully.
“I never knew you held such a high opinion of me old friend, but Lord Almighty Cunningham, give me a little credit! I know there are at least a few out there I have missed,” Stephen growled in a defensive tone.
“Cap, I have watched you every step of the way and you know I speak the truth. I don’t like to speak ill of the dead but I would have to lay the blame with your brothers for your lack of caring. They twisted your thinking, corrupted you at an early age. Hell, they had you bedding your first by the time you were fifteen.”
“Sixteen,” Stephen corrected.
“Aye, in fact I seem to recall it being your birthday.”
Stephen chuckled, remembering that night just months before their deaths. Daniel and Will had decided that at sixteen it was high time little brother became a man. So after briefing him on the basic details and tipping a few, accompanied by an assortment of off color toasts to his departing innocence, the two had dragged him through the streets of London in search of the appropriate sport.
They ended their search at a modest little brothel and he was so nervous that he, to this day, could not remember the location or recall a feature of the place. He only knew that Daniel went off to make the arrangements while Will, following the instructions received from a woman with a huge bust, tossed an arm about his shoulders and with him in tow, stumbled up a flight of stairs to wait outside a bedroom door.
During this wait Will had related his philosophy on women, offered last minute advice and when Daniel and the one to relieve him of his innocence approached, Will had clapped him upon the back with a wink and a grin and told him, “Stephen, now get in there and make us proud!”
She had been very pretty as he recalled and he realized now the care Daniel must have taken when choosing her, for she was slim and not quite amply endowed. Just enough woman for a young man to handle, but she was experienced and more than willing to help in this quest for manhood.
Daniel and Will had stood guard outside the door in case he had any ideas about fleeing with his innocence still intact and afterward the two of them had proclaimed him to be truly a man and one of their ranks. Their philosophy had become his philosophy and he had never looked further than a woman’s charms when measuring her importance.
“I have a feeling the wild days have come to an end for you, Captain,” Ham interrupted his thoughts. “I think you are in love with the lady even if you are trying valiantly to deny it. Your behavior shouts it loud and clear,” he stated confidently.
“Well, old friend, “Stephen said pushing away from the rail and coming to his full height. “I have spent too many years at one extreme to simply leap to the other. I shall need to take it one step at a time.” He patted Ham’s shoulder as he passed. “Good night.”
“Night, Cap.”

***

Stephen made his way below to his cabin and quietly undressed, slipping into the berth beside Desiree. She snuggled up next to him in her sleep and a trim leg settled across his own, while her arm came across his waist holding him tight. Her breath was warm against his neck where her slightly parted lips touched there. He turned toward her and draped an arm across her waist, running his hand against the silky flesh of her back. The hauntingly sweet fragrance of her hair, so much a part of her, filled his senses and he felt the torment of the change this woman had brought about in him.
He actually needed her; her company, her thoughts, and her wit as much as he needed to satisfy himself within her body. It had become more than simply possessing a woman. It was Desiree he wanted and no other. So why did he find it so difficult to simply succumb? Why not admit to himself, to her, and to the world this discovery? He could have blurted it out to her this night and had been on the brink of doing so; what had held him back, his old ideas? Yes, a change in oneself, finding that you are capable of more than you ever suspected is hard to accept. Then, too, there was Desiree herself. Just being Desiree held him back from expressing himself.
She was accustomed to love; all men loved her for her fire, her intelligence, her trusting and innocent nature. She had, no doubt, been told those words countless times in her life and would not be surprised to hear them from his lips. It was commonplace to her. It was expected. How could he bare his soul completely, admit this revelation he had never experienced before in his life to someone who found love in the world as easily as breathing? Would she take it lightly? Simply add him to an already long list? Did she love him? He had asked this night in a light manner and she had answered in French. Had it been a denial, an admission? He hadn’t understood a word and his pride had prevented him from pursuing it further.
But she gave herself to him freely and had never given herself to another before him. Her passion left him gasping and she brought him to heights he had never attained, returning every kiss, every caress. Her stance in society placed her above a tryst for pleasure’s sake. She was meant to marry well and be a devoted wife and mother. She would not submit so ardently unless she cared for him, or was he making more of it than it was? She was a passionate woman experiencing fulfillment for the first time with a comfortable partner. As she once put it, he had stolen her innocence, so perhaps she had merely decided the damage had been done and was enjoying him and the pleasure he brought to her.
That thought hurt like a closed fist in his gut knocking the wind from him. Interesting, because he had never held himself for only one partner, never considered sex a means by which to express emotion. It was a base pleasure, an animal urge. Now he found, all at once, he was expressing emotion. His desire was directed toward only one and for the first time in his self-indulgent existence it did matter.
Yes, love her he surely did but he would not state it openly, at least not yet. If she loved him it would grow and become evident and then he could lay his heart in her hands and feel secure in the care of that love.
He touched a flowing lock of dark hair tossed over her shoulder and kissed her brow lightly. She stirred, cuddling closer to him and a satiny breast touched his chest. He smiled, wrapping her in his arms and drifted to sleep contented.

***

The last leg of their voyage went rapidly for Desiree. The remainders of her days on the ship were spent with Bridgett but the nights belonged to Stephen. Although Bridgett objected, no mention was made of it and by the time they were in the last days, approaching Somerset Bermuda, Bridgett and she were back on good terms.
Bridgett had to admit to herself that when she would watch the captain’s face as he and Desiree talked quietly at the helm, he obviously cared for Desiree very much. They would talk for hours and he seemed completely taken with Desiree, transcending only a physical attraction. He would smile at a jest or tease her good-naturedly and Bridgett swore she heard love in his voice and saw it in his eyes. Perhaps she had been wrong about this man. Perhaps he did have honorable intentions where Desiree was concerned.



Chapter Thirty


The Windward was to make port late in the day in mid-October. Bridgett took special care with everything about Desiree’s appearance. Desiree wanted to look her very best this day to meet Stephen’s family. She wanted so to make a good first impression. Stephen had told her that she could be clothed in one of her dresses from Nevis and still be the most beautiful woman on the island but Desiree took this as a well meant compliment and not literally. Bridgett arranged Desiree’s hair in smooth curls, pulled well away from her face and she wore one of the sapphire gowns which Bridgett felt best set off her eyes and hair.
It was still early in the day when they had packed up all their belongings and with one last look about the cabin for any missed possessions, they made their way up on deck to watch Somerset Bermuda come into view.
At first Desiree noticed there was the usual dark hue on the horizon which was always sighted first and as the day drew on they could see the amazing and colorful coral reefs that Stephen had said formed a fence or wall of sorts around the entire chain of islands but for small entrances. They could see low hills covered with palm trees and white sand beaches, as they moved closer. Not unlike the West Indies, Desiree thought happily.
“Oh, Captain it looks lovely,” Bridgett exclaimed from her vantage point at the helm near Desiree’s side. Bridgett had never seen a tropical isle before and was as in awe of it as Desiree had been of Nevis.
As the island came into full view, Desiree noticed it was not one island but actually several. The smaller islands formed a finger which they rounded and these were dotted with homes and huge palms. There were children and women along the shore waving as the Windward passed by.
The ship, maneuvered expertly by Stephen, rounded them and within a few hours’ time, slipped back behind to a wide lagoon before Somerset where four other ships were anchored out in the protected harbor. A pier protruded out into the deep water and at that Stephen turned the vessel. The sails were dropped, the anchor lowered and the ship came to a grinding halt against the pier.
Looking over the rail from the main deck, Desiree was a little disappointed that she could only see dark water below, where at Nevis it had been shallow and clear.
Stephen came down the steps from the quarterdeck and looked over the rail at her side. “This is deep, possibly twelve meters or more. The Northern side of the isle has a more gradual decline, much like the Indies,” he offered as if reading her thoughts. “You look beautiful, did I happen to mention that?”
“Not until now. Do you really think so?”
“Gorgeous! They will adore you,” he assured. “Don’t worry.”
He excused himself to see about the ship and Desiree, along with Bridgett watched from the main deck as a throng of men came briskly down the dock to see to the unloading of the Windward. Women sat along the shoreline while children played in the sand, watching the activity with casual interest.
Desiree watched as an older man with a sparse thatch of gray hair and a hulking frame made his way up the plank with a rolling gait and crossed to the helm, climbing the steps to where Stephen waited on him with a wide grin spreading across his face. They clasped hands in a sound shake and Stephen clapped the newcomer on the back jovially.
“Stephen, you are a sight for sore eyes. We were looking for you weeks ago. What happened?”
“Well, Tad,” Stephen began. “I made an unscheduled stop or two.”
Desiree could not hear what was being said but both men looked in her direction with grins upon their faces. She returned a coy smile and turned away.
“I see,” Tad nodded knowingly. “Well, I was afraid something had gone amiss.”
“What could have gone amiss?” Stephen inquired innocently.
“How did the Windward run? Pretty fair time?”
“Just fine,” Stephen offered.
“Well, I guess I get a bit worried when one of the fleet isn’t where it’s supposed to be, when it’s supposed to be,” Tad said with a baiting tone.
“Like hell you do! You want to hear me boast on your abilities, is that it you old scalawag? All right then, we made France a week ahead of the Mary Louise from Hamilton. The Windward moves like the wind and you are worth your weight…” he eyed the older man’s wide girth, “Well, at least half your weight in gold. Happy now?” Stephen laughed.
“You have me pegged for sure, Stephen. I knew we could outflank the Mary Louise! I just knew it!” Tad laughed heartily.
“I believe your place as master craftsman is safe for some time to come, Taddy. Now if you would excuse me for a minute I must speak with the lady. But stay around as I may have something for you to do.”
“Sure, Stephen.”
Stephen bounded down the steps to the main deck and Desiree turned to face him with a bright smile.
“Desiree, it will be some time before I will be able to go to the house. I think that if you don’t mind, I will have Taddy up there escort you ladies to…”
“My God, what a beauty!”
Stephen frowned at the rude interruption and Desiree turned to see a young man standing behind them. He had the same light blond hair, the same deep brown eyes. His build was slightly smaller and he did not possess Stephen’s height.
“Brother, I hope this is your gift for me from your trip!” he said as he took Desiree’s hand in his and lifted it to his lips for a kiss.
“Dream on, Timothy,” Stephen drawled. “May I introduce Miss Desiree Chandelle and Bridgett Spencer. They shall be staying on with us. Bridgett, Desiree, meet my brother Timothy.”
“How do you do,” Tim smiled warmly at Bridgett before his attention moved back to Desiree. “I was afraid he was going to introduce you as his wife but since he did not, may I ask you to marry me now or shall I wait until after dinner?” Tim sighed dreamily.
Stephen disengaged Desiree’s hand from Tim’s with an exaggerated effort and then requested good-naturedly, “Tim, be a good lad and stop ogling our guest.”
“Stephen, what harm is there in a little ogling?” Desiree teased with a giggle.
“May I show you ladies to our home?” Tim offered with a disarming smile.
“Stephen?” Desiree questioned, looking up to his smiling face.
“I suppose I had better let him or he will have a fit,” he grinned at his younger brother. “Tim, straight to the house and Bridgett you keep an eye on this cad.”
“Yes, Captain,” Bridgett assured taking the arm offered to her by her newly acquired escort. Desiree took his other arm and the three started toward the gangplank.
“Oh, Stephen,” Tim called over his shoulder. “Be a good chap and get back to work. Do stop mooning over our guest.”
“On your best behavior, Tim.” Stephen stressed as they turned and stepped onto the plank and he went back to work.

***

The three walked off the wooden dock and up a hill onto a cobblestone path, when a large bay horse skidded to a stop before them. The woman astride wore her hair in a wispy mass of ringlets and it was honey blonde. Her face was lovely, with delicate features and emerald green eyes which bore into Desiree menacingly. She wore a riding habit of bright yellow muslin with a daring décolletage. Her figure was trim and her skin dewy white. She is beautiful, Desiree thought to herself and wondered if she might be Tim’s woman, although she considered she must be well into her twenties and Desiree knew Tim’s age. He was her minor by a handful of years at least. Her horse snorted and pranced, trembling as if ridden some distance at a brisk pace and Tim reached out a hand taking the bridle to calm the animal.
“Timothy,” she snapped. “Help me down, please.”
“Of course, Vanessa,” Tim smiled brightly, then turned to Desiree with a roll of his eyes and a look of distaste toward the task. “Pardon me Desiree, Bridgett.” He turned back to the woman with the sweet smile in place upon his lips.
She slipped her leg off the horn and Tim took her by the waist, setting her lightly to the ground.
“Tether my horse would you?” she asked as if commanding and brushed past the three, heading toward the ship.
Tim shook his head. “Excuse me once more,” he apologized, following in the woman’s wake back down the way they had just come and tying the animal to a hitching post near the dock.
Desiree’s eyes were poised just above Tim’s head as he returned, watching the woman as she made her way to the Windward. She could barely discern Stephen standing with his back to them at his helm but she could not mistake the bright yellow of the woman’s sleeves as she wrapped her arms about Stephen’s neck in a very familiar embrace.
It happened suddenly, unexpectedly like a lightning strike. The woman lingered and obviously gave Stephen an ardent kiss and Desiree felt almost physically ill. She turned away from the scene to look up the path toward town as Tim joined them. Bridgett had missed the entire occurrence, as she too was looking ahead at what await them. Desiree tried to listen intently as Tim began a brief narrative about Somerset as they started off trying for the moment to put what she had just witnessed out of her mind.

***

Stephen untangled himself from Vanessa’s embrace, setting her from him firmly. “Well, Miss Haines let me guess, you and your latest what’s his name have parted company?” he scowled darkly, then turned quickly with concern and was relieved to see Desiree disappearing up into town on Tim’s arm.
Vanessa stared into his eyes in disbelief. “That is very rude, Stephen! What kind of a remark is that? And regardless,” she smiled coyly, “I don’t believe you have ever drawn back from me.”
“Vanessa, come below to my cabin for a moment. I must have a word with you,” he requested, speaking stiltedly.
Vanessa smiled at him with seductive charm. “Oh, I don’t know that I dare.”
Stephen ignored the remark and headed down the steps, preceding her down the short flight to the passageway and stood aside for her to enter his cabin, where she immediately took a seat upon his bed, fully expecting him to join her. Stephen looked to the bed and then turned to sit at his desk facing her.
“Vanessa, did you happen to notice a woman on your way here? She would have been walking with Tim. Dark hair, very beautiful,” he questioned, knowing full well that she must have certainly passed them on her way.
Vanessa thought for a moment, patting her hair as if it were out of place. “Let me see, I saw a child, very tiny and plain,” she suggested with wide-eyed innocence.
Stephen chuckled at her feeble attempt to slander Desiree. “Hardly! But I think I can take that as an affirmative answer! That woman,” he accentuated, “accompanied me on the Windward and she will be staying in my home. She is very important to me. You may be on the prowl again but I want it understood that I am not on the market.”
Vanessa’s mouth dropped open in a most unladylike fashion before she remembered herself and clamped it shut. Then Stephen could see the sparks begin to fly from those emerald depths. “You cannot be serious! What of me, Stephen! Am I to be cast to the wayside then like all your others? After all we have shared!” she snapped in outrage, standing from the bed.
“Vanessa, please! I can think of only one thing that we have shared and it was so long ago my dear. In fact, I know for certain you wouldn’t be here this minute if you hadn’t found yourself without a current suitor. Isn’t that so?”
“You are vile, Stephen. You made me believe we would someday…” her tears flowed freely now and she paused for effect.
“I never gave you any such hope, my dear and I cannot believe that it means as much to you as you profess at this late date.” He knew well that the tears were a calculated ploy. They could be turned on and off at will.
“But it was always so good with us, Stephen! Don’t you remember?” she asked coming to stand before him and leaning over his desk to give him a display of creamy white flesh over the daring cut of her gown.
Stephen avoided the bait and looked pointedly into her eyes. “Vanessa dear, you are but one of many and you are well aware of that fact. I have no more held it in account as you have. I am sorry if this upsets you but I am sure your next conquest will be just around the corner.” With that he rose from his desk and said, “Shall we go?”
“So I shall no longer be welcome in your home, in your company?” she pouted.
“When has our status ever had any effect on your welcome to my parent’s home? I just want it clear that since you appear to be again making the rounds that I am not. I want you to respect boundaries.” He opened the door for her, ushering her out.
Vanessa stormed out before him but stopped and whirled around. “Just remember, don’t come begging for my favors in the future because you shall never sample them again!” she vowed. Although she knew in her own mind that were he to but ask, she would allow him whatever he wished and Stephen smiled softly, knowing the same full well.

***

“I hope you don’t mind if we walk ladies but I brought only my horse and neither of you look as though you are dressed to ride.”
Desiree hurried to assure him, “No, Tim it feels wonderful to have solid ground beneath my feet!”
They walked along a cobblestone path, curving away from the docks and Timothy confirmed that there were all the makings of a small town on the island and assured that in the town proper, which was ahead in the distance, they would find shops, a livery stable, even a small inn and common room and promised a tour would be forthcoming. However, as they came to a walk that went off into the interior of the island, he ushered them in this direction.
“It is just down this path. This is the short cut. If we were riding we would take the road to the front entrance,” Tim explained.
They walked under a canopy of lush tropical trees and foliage on a narrow stone walkway. Only fleeting shafts of sunlight broke through to dance upon the stones as the trees swayed in the breeze.
“What in the world are these?” Bridgett asked bending to look at a strange flower.
“That is called a Bird of Paradise. Originally from Africa I believe but my mother brought some here from a long ago trip and they have thrived quite well. My mother is quite the gardener. It is a favored hobby of hers.”
“They are beautiful but they don’t even look real. I have never seen a bird of this color,” Bridgett laughed.
“Oh you shall Bridgett; another of my mother’s hobbies. We have some that are so large that they must perch upon your arm…” he paused as the two burst out in laughter, “But it is true!” he confirmed defensively.
“Timothy, you are teasing!” Desiree laughed with a shake of her head. Desiree had seen some exotic birds at a distance up in the trees when at Nevis and O’Malley was full of stories about birds of all sizes and colors but none so large as to perch upon an arm.
“It is true!” he insisted, “and what’s more, these birds talk!”
Desiree and Bridgett both broke into giggles at this remark.
“You just wait,” Tim feigned injury. “You shall see,” he pouted.
Desiree had to laugh at the expression, the same expression she had witnessed on Stephen’s face at times and she wondered who had learned it from whom. Tim broke into a wide grin and they moved on leaving the strange flowers behind.
After a time, the stone walkway stopped abruptly and they walked from under the canopy to see the house before them. It was a mansion, to say the least, no mere house as Tim and Stephen referred to it, huge beyond Desiree’s imaginings of it, easily twice the size of her own home in France. True, they had raised four boys here but they could have easily housed twice as many without overcrowding.
The home was similar in style to Red’s house, tropical, but with a mostly stone foundation and façade. The light color of the stone gave the effect of airiness which was enhanced by the many wood shuttered windows, balconies and verandas. They walked across the back lawn, which was alive with exotic beds of flowers and graced with mammoth palms at measured and well thought out intervals. Near the center of the back lawn they passed a stone pool of clear water with several tiny brightly colored fish darting about.
Tim saw the question in Desiree’s eyes and answered before she could ask. “This is just one of our reserve water supplies. We do not have much in the way of natural resources, water being the scarcest of them. We make due though. You are lucky you arrived now, we just had a real drenching in the last few weeks,” he hissed good-naturedly.
Tim ushered them around the side of the manor on to a well-tended stone walkway and to a veranda that skirted the entire front of the home. A formal cobblestone drive wound its way up to the front of the manor and in the distance a carriage house and formal gated entrance could be seen. As they topped the stairs Desiree was about to question Tim about the large ring which seemed to be some type of odd stand at the far side of the veranda but before she could inquire about its purpose, a huge blue and purple bird flew over their heads and landed upon the ring. Bridgett and Desiree stared agog at the squawking creature while Tim straightened up a bit taller with bravado and said with a sweep of his hand and obvious pleasure, “As I told you, large birds.”
“My goodness!” Bridgett exclaimed.
Tim placed a finger across his lips briefly before saying, “As for the talking—observe.” This was said with quite an air of mystery.
“Alexander, hello,” he called.
“Hello,” came a coarse reply from the bird. “Alex pretty boy.”
“Indeed,” Tim agreed.
Desiree covered her mouth and gaped at the bird and Tim waited for her regard to return to him before he said very smugly, “As I said…talking birds.”
He continued to lead the way to the door and was about to open it when it was opened for him from within.
“Timothy, what are you about? Are you going to stand around on the porch all day or are you going to come in and introduce me to these young women?”
Desiree turned to the sound of a woman’s voice and met a pair of twinkling china blue eyes. At least in her mid-sixties, she stood with hands on hips which were overshadowed by a tremendous bust and her gray hair was pulled up tight at the crown of her head in a matronly bun. She stood no taller than Desiree herself and although the woman was very heavy it was not unbecoming.
“Bessie, now don’t be cross. Our friends don’t want to get a wrong first impression of you,” Tim said with a shake of his head, placing a kiss upon the old woman’s round face. He ushered Desiree and Bridgett in before him as he spoke. “Bessie, may I introduce Miss Desiree Chandelle and Bridgett Spencer; guests of Stephen to be staying in our humble home.”
He placed an arm about the old woman’s shoulders despite her scowl of disapproval. “Ladies, this is Bess, housekeeper, house mother, nanny to Stephen and I until we both outgrew her and became responsible self-reliant men. If you need anything at all, you just ask Bessie,” he squeezed her against him, smiling sweetly.
“Timothy Colter you know full well that both you and Stephen still need a nanny to care for you. You would not make it a day without me!” she cajoled him with affection before turning her attention to the two at his side. “Ladies, welcome. I am happy to have you. I have been needing some good company lately as the master and his wife have been gone to England the past three months and this ruffian…” She shot Tim a glare and received a silly dimpled grin in return, “he only stops in to have his laundry done up before he is off again.”
Desiree took Bessie’s hand in her own. “I am pleased to meet you and we too have been in need of the same. We have spent the better part of the last five months aboard ships with our only company sailors.”
Tim caught the pained expression Bessie held upon her face then looked at Desiree quizzically. She had said five months—on board ships in the plural. Where on earth had they been? he wondered silently.
“Oh you poor things!” Bessie sighed sympathetically. “Well, until the men bring your things up from the ship, why don’t you come into the drawing room and relax while I see about your rooms. Tim, would you please fix the ladies something cool to drink and try to entertain them until I return?”
“Of course, I would not think of leaving!” Tim said happily.
“Well,” Bessie said with a laugh, “I guess we have found what is needed to keep you around the house.”
“So right, Bess,” Tim agreed. “Ladies, this way if you please.”
They followed Tim through the main hall, which was brightly lit in spite of dark oak floors by large windows on either side of the front door. Another set of identical doors leading to the back lawn were directly across the hall beneath a curved grand staircase that stretched to the second story. A gigantic, brightly colored oriental vase taller than Desiree occupied an alcove beneath the staircase. The curve of the case and the alcove beneath looked to have been constructed for the sole purpose of housing the vessel. The furnishings of the hall were few. Two identical curio tables under beveled mirrors displayed vases of fresh cut flowers on either side.
The formal dining room was to the left of the main hall and the drawing room was just to the right and was spacious with a vaulted ceiling and many doors opening out to verandas. It was furnished with Elizabethan furniture of the Tudor rose which was distinguished and elegant. Yet silk cushions in tans and cream brocade lightened the dark English oak. Tim crossed the room to a bar at the far end and turned back. “Ladies, what would you like?”
“Just water for me,please,” Desiree decided.
“Bridgett?” Tim queried.
“Nothing for me, thank you,” she declined, taking a seat upon a sofa with a sigh.
Desiree turned about, admiring the décor when she looked up at a gigantic portrait gracing the wall behind her and facing the sofa. She had not noticed it until this moment but the magnitude of the work demanded attention. Tim looked up at the painting and placed Desiree’s drink into her hand. “Our family,” he informed with a smile, admiring the work which he often neglected to notice.
Desiree stood silently taking in every detail. The parents sat in the foreground facing the artist, seated in Elizabethan chairs with a round table between them. Stephen’s mother was lovely; serene and smiling with her hair in a loose bun and wisps of medium brown curls framing her delicate face. His father was solemn and proud with rugged and chiseled good looks. His hand partially shadowed the cover of a leather bound book upon the table embossed with a family crest and shield. Standing behind them were the four young men, all amazingly similar with the blond hair of their father and the dark-brown velvety eyes of their mother. Daniel and William were both dashingly handsome, Stephen a teen, slim but undeniably Stephen and Timothy, a child standing next to his mother with his hands laced over the back of one side of her chair, his legs crossed jauntily at the ankle, a gleam of his still exuberant personality caught in the artist’s likeness.
“It is wonderful, Timothy,” Desiree managed, feeling a tug at her heart. “How long ago was this completed?”
“Ten years or so, shortly before we lost Dan and Will.”
Desiree nodded that she was aware of the accident and Tim gestured to the sofa. “Shall we?”
Desiree continued to study the portrait as she sipped at her drink, feeling a sense of sorrow and pain when looking at the young man Stephen had been when he had watched his brothers die. She was amazed by how handsome his older brothers had been, as startling as Stephen and Timothy’s good looks. In fact, if she did not know better she would swear that Timothy at her side was actually William, their looks were so similar. She thought of what Stephen had told her about looking up to those two and she could not help but feel as she studied the magnificent offspring of the couple in the foreground that the world had lost two bright stars ten years ago. Oh to see those four together today would have been an experience that few women would ever forget, she thought sadly. She felt a welling up of emotion and very close to Stephen at this moment as she glimpsed through this window in time and peeked into his past.



Chapter Thirty-One


Stephen was rushing to complete the task of unloading the Windward. He did not trust that brother of his alone with Desiree for one instant. He will surely be charming her and he is a charming little scoundrel, he thought with affection.
“Davison, you get the Windward moored and then go on home. All of you, let’s get this finished up and be about more important matters,” he urged.
Resounding approval of that command was quick in coming as Stephen left the ship, watching from the dock as the Windward was loosed and the natural current in the harbor slowly moved the vessel. She was anchored well out in deep water, then sloops were lowered and men scattered, rowing toward their homes.
Starting up the dock, Stephen noticed Tim’s horse tied at a post. “Left you behind did he, Sebastian? Well, I think he had more important things on his mind.” Stephen patted the Arab’s graceful neck and then swung up into the saddle, heading off down the road at a canter.

***

A stable boy hurried out at the sound of approaching hoof beats and met Stephen at the front drive relieving him of Sebastian and after exchanging greetings, Stephen jogged across the grounds, bounding up the front steps. He paused, walking to the end of the veranda. “Hello, Alex,” he crooned gently.
“Hello.”
“How are you?” Stephen questioned.
“How are you?” the bird mimicked. Stephen stroked the silken feathers of the ancient parrot briefly before continuing to the front door.
Stephen burst into the house and was met just inside by his old nanny. “Bess, how are you? It has been a long time!”
“Long indeed! You have been gone for ages!” she said with pleasure at seeing him. She allowed him to place a kiss upon her cheek and then hugged him to her in an affectionate embrace. “I have missed you, Stephen. You and Tim are never home anymore and I will tell you now that your parents are off to England. They should be back in two weeks or so.”
Stephen nodded. “Where is Miss Chandelle?”
“I have shown both the ladies to their rooms. Their things arrived and they wished to prepare for dinner.”
“Well then, where is that brother of mine?” Stephen asked with a grin.
“In there,” she pointed to the drawing room. “It wouldn’t hurt you to get cleaned up for dinner soon.”
“Soon, Bess,” Stephen assured, rubbing his hand across the dark stubble shadowing his jaw and heading for the drawing room.
“I mean soon!” Bessie called sternly.
“Soon!” he assured again.
Bessie heard him laugh as he undoubtedly had found his long lost brother. “How the hell are you?” she heard him call out.
“Well, Stephen let me tell you all about it!” she heard Tim reply.
She shook her head and with a happy chuckle went off to attend to dinner. “Those two!” she sighed under her breath with affection.

***

Stephen clasped Tim’s outstretched hand in a sound shake, then the two slapped each other upon the back affectionately. “It is good to see you, Tim.”
“What the hell took you so long to return? Christ, Stephen. I arrived at Jamestown a good three weeks after your departure and beat you home by another four!” Tim declared as he moved to the bar and returned with a drink, holding it out to Stephen.
“Thank you. Tim, I don’t know where to begin,” Stephen laughed, sitting heavily upon a sofa.
“Try starting with why Desiree mentioned that after almost five months at sea she was very happy to be here. Five months?”
Stephen figured up the time silently as Tim waited and then realized that at least for Desiree it had been close to that count.
“Desiree and Bridgett were taken on my vessel in Le Havre for the trip to the colonies and then shortly after their arrival at Portsmouth, Desiree made an unscheduled voyage to the West Indies and became a guest of…” he paused for effect. “You are not going to believe this Tim; Captain Greaves.”
Tim nearly dropped his drink and placed it upon the table soundly. “As in Pirate Captain Greaves?” he barked in disbelief.
“The very same. I was then asked by Bridgett to retrieve her and did so. Then we came here after another stop at the colonies. All in all, Desiree hasn’t been on dry land for more than a couple weeks at a time.”
Stephen awaited the next question already forming on Tim’s lips. “But why would Greaves want Desiree? How did you happen to get called into it? What of Captain Greaves? Is he everything we believed him to be?” He paused a moment and added with concern, “She was not harmed was she? She appears to have fared well.”
“I just happened to be in the right place at the right time and as to the legendary Captain Greaves, he is most impressive. You have never seen such a giant in all your life. He was all we have ever heard and then some and truly a fine gentleman. Desiree was treated well and left an island full of admirers behind her. You shall soon discover what me and every other man who comes in contact with Miss Chandelle discovers—she is most enchanting,” he finished with a soft smile.
“That look, Stephen you are more than enchanted with her if I were to guess. Don’t tell me you have been bitten?”
“Bitten?” Stephen mused, finishing his drink and rising he strode to the bar to pour another healthy whiskey. “Devoured would be a better term,” he laughed.
Tim joined him and as Stephen refilled his drink for him he continued seriously. “But Tim there is something else I neglected to mention. She is in grave danger. It seems that someone has been pursuing her for some time, an apparent vendetta against her family. Her parents were murdered in France and so she left for the safety of the colonies only to be spirited away for a large price by Greaves. I just thank the Lord that it was Red Legs, for the purse was paid to do away with her. We are going to need to keep a close eye on her and I am counting on you to help in this. I do not want her out of our sight. She is to be escorted at all times for I am not completely convinced that our isle is a safe haven.”
“Of course. I understand,” Tim nodded in agreement, then chuckled. “To think, we go to sea to find some kind of adventure and this beauty seems to be followed by it. Is she aware of the history and reputation of the pirates she was in the company of?”
“All she knows is that she found some wonderful new admirers. I know the legend of Greaves has colored him to be either sinner or saint and I tend to believe the latter of him. Oh I know they can be deadly when need be, but I found he and his men to be most honorable. You shall see for yourself when he comes with news, if you are about.”
“Here? Why?”
“He is at this very moment in search of her tormentors. He will sail for this island when he has the answers.”
“I can hardly wait for that!”

***

Desiree entered Bridgett’s room and waited for her attention to her laces, looking about the comfortable, stylish suite. The furnishings were tasteful, as in her own chambers and decorated with expensive and luxurious groupings in the sitting room and a large bedroom containing everything one might need for comfort. Bridgett laced Desiree up and then sat her at her vanity to freshen her hair.
“Bridgett?” Desiree questioned when released, standing and turning around to face her nurse. “That woman we saw today—Vanessa—did you happen to see her greet Stephen?”
Bridgett frowned in thought. “No,” she shook her head. “Why do you ask?”
Desiree shrugged. “Oh never mind. Shall we go?”
Bridgett laughed softly. “Yes, I want to have another look at that bird.”
As they came down the staircase, voices could be heard and following them, they arrived at the drawing room where they entered to find Stephen and Timothy hunched over a chessboard. When the two noticed the new arrivals, both stood and smiled sweetly, their game forgotten.
“Ladies, join us please. We were just passing time until your return. Do you find your rooms to your liking?” Stephen asked, taking Desiree’s hand in his own.
“Wonderful, thank you,” Desiree assured, trying to detect a hint of unease about him but his face was calm, his eyes twinkling merrily. He obviously was unaware that she had witnessed his welcome from Vanessa and who she might be in his life, she could only guess.
Bess came to the door of the room just then and announced dinner would be served in half an hour and then snapped, “Stephen! Would you get yourself upstairs and cleaned up? Your brother is not going to disappear if you take ten minutes to dress and neither are your guests!” she glared at him with her hands upon her broad hips.
“Yes, Bessie I will,” Stephen gritted with a teasing sneer.
“And do not be giving me any of those looks of yours, Master Colter,” she shook a finger at him in menace.
“You had better obey, Stephen. Bess has grown quite cruel since we saw her last and I believe she may deny you dinner if you are not careful,” Tim interjected with a laugh.
“Oh it is great to be home!” Stephen sighed, pressing a kiss to Desiree’s hand. “I will be right back. Take a look around if you like. Tim, could you show them around the place?”
“Surely,” Tim grinned at Desiree.
“Bessie, you have grown cruel haven’t you?” Stephen teased softly as he walked toward her then gave her backside a soft pat as he passed from the room.
“Ohhh!” Bessie shrieked.
Stephen hurried on his way and Tim coughed and sputtered, forcing down a mouth full of brandy through his laughter.
Tim toured the ladies around the first floor including the dining room, the ballroom which faced the back lawn and the study ending their tour at the front veranda on a large porch swing watching the sun grow lower and lower in the sky. Shadows spread across the lawn as it slipped below the palm trees and the sky turned to reddish hues.
Tim brought Alexander from his perch for Bridgett to have a closer look. Both ladies hesitantly stroked the silken plumage as Tim gave them a few of the particulars about parrots and their nature.

***

“She is a beautiful girl,” Bessie said with a smile, watching Stephen descend the stairs. He was shaved and had donned a clean shirt, suit coat and breeches.
“That she is, Bess,” Stephen agreed, stopping at the bottom of the steps and giving his old nanny a light kiss upon her brow.
“Does her family know that she is here?”
“She has no family aside from an aunt and uncle in the colonies, Bess. Her parents were killed some months ago in a carriage accident.”
“Poor thing,” Bessie said with a shake of her head. “So young to be left so alone.”
“Yes, but she is strong Bess and has coped well. She is quite remarkable.”
“Stephen, you sound as though you care for that young girl a mite. Would you perhaps be planning…to settle down?”
“Ohhh no! One word to you and the cat would be out of the bag,” Stephen laughed.
“You best hurry and propose before that brother of yours steals her away from you. He is quite taken with her I fear,” she teased.
“Fear not, Bess. I am almost positive I have her heart,” he assured, patting her shoulder and heading for the front door.
“Well, dinner is ready whenever you are,” Bess called after him.

***

“Stephen!” Tim greeted him warmly.
Stephen joined the two ladies seated upon the porch swing while Timothy put Alexander through some of his tricks. Tim was explaining the process of teaching a parrot to mimic and Stephen chuckled, interjecting, “One important aspect about a parrot,” he said. “Never say anything in earshot that you do not want repeated. Isn’t that so, Tim?”
Tim laughed, taking in Desiree’s quizzical expression. “As young lads we had a devil of a problem with this fellow,” he explained. “He was forever following us boys about during our days and I believe it was at garden party of some sort that our mother brought him out to entertain the guests with his amazing vocabulary and you should have heard the language this beast had picked up from us. Mother was mortified. Her treasured Alex speaking as if a…well let us just say in a not so gentlemanly fashion. It took months to remove the words and phrases from his vocabulary. They are very receptive to words they hear often,” he laughed, returning Alexander to his perch.
“Bess informed me that dinner is ready. Shall we go in and sup now?” Stephen asked, extending a hand to Desiree.

***

“So where has Bess put you?” Stephen inquired softly as Bridgett’s door closed behind her after bidding them each good night.
“There,” Desiree said pointing to the room next to her nurse’s.
“Oh that is just wonderful!” Stephen drawled, none too happy, as he led her to her door.
“What is the matter?” Desiree asked with a giggle at his affected ire.
“Not a thing except that my room is on the opposite side of the house. Perhaps Bess is trying to tell me something,” he whispered with a deep lingering kiss. “Good night, my sweet. I shall see you first thing in the morning.”
He kissed her once more and she entered her chambers, closing the door as Stephen headed back downstairs to do some bookwork and continue the chess match that he and Tim had started before dinner.
She had wanted to ask him of the woman today and had thought and pondered on how to approach the subject all through dinner but now she was still in the dark about what she had seen and she did not feel at ease to ask him about it.
She was on shaky ground because she was beginning to realize that there was much more to Stephen Colter than she even suspected. The woman could be his lover, just as she had become or perhaps held an even more important role in his life. He had never mentioned anything of the women on his island home. She had known that there would be women of course, but she had not considered that some of those he had been involved with would be right here; but of course they would! After seeing the extent of his family’s holdings, the mansion, ships and property it was obvious to her that his wealth far exceeded her own and of course he would be sought after. Rene’ Vermillion and the others, although on a much less grand scale, had wealth and were the target of many women, so of course Stephen would be as well.
Suddenly feeling very insecure, she hurried back out of her rooms to request Bridgett’s assistance in undressing and her evening toilette and to clear her mind from its current train of thought.



Chapter Thirty-Two


Desiree stretched her arms above her head, then slipping into her robe and opening the doors to her balcony she walked out into the fresh morning air. The sunlight spilled upon the back lawn and the lush jungle beyond bringing it all alive with brilliant hues and the fresh sea air made her feel exhilarated and wonderfully at peace.
She moved to the stone wall of her balcony looking down upon the lawn and there she saw Stephen, standing with his arm raised out from his side looking to the sky. As she watched, a throaty squawk preceded Alexander as he swooped down from the trees and landed upon Stephen’s outstretched arm. Stephen stroked the head of the parrot and then held out his hand. The bird took the offering from him with gusto and then Stephen signaled and waited as another bird appeared from somewhere among the palm trees. This one had predominately yellow plumage and was small in comparison to Alexander. It landed beside Alex upon his arm and accepted a reward. Then with a lift of his arm, both birds took to the sky heading for the trees.
Stephen turned, walking toward the house and happened to glance up to see Desiree. She waved in greeting and he hastened his steps disappearing under the balcony. Desiree rushed back into her room grabbing a dress from her armoire and slipping it on herself haphazardly. She had barely drawn it on before a light knock sounded upon the door of her sitting room and she dashed to open it.
“Good morning, my sweet,” he breathed, engulfing her in a kiss as the door closed quietly behind him. “I missed you so. I fear I have become spoiled, having you with me all through the night,” he confessed with a chuckle.
“I missed you as well. Stephen, would you help to lace me please?” she requested turning her back to him and waiting. But instead the dress came off her shoulders along with her undergarment and Stephen slid her arms out of the sleeves while placing searing kisses upon her shoulders and back.
“Stephen!” Desiree spun around to face him. “We can’t! Not with your family in the house. If someone were to come to the door…” she sighed weakly as the gown slipped below her breasts and his hands engulfed them. She could not remember her train of thought—it was completely lost to her.
“The house still sleeps for the most part and if someone comes to the door I shall simply exit over the balcony. No one will come, trust me,” he assured as his mouth, found her throat, tracing down toward her breasts.
Her gown slowly moved downward and his lips followed until her clothing slipped from her hips to the floor and Desiree gazed unseeing, while his mouth moved down her stomach and he dropped to his knees before her. She touched his soft hair as his kisses moved down her hip to her thigh. There he paused to look up into her eyes, which she knew were reflecting her passion.
“Perhaps I better continue with this on the bed,” he whispered and stood, lifting her into his arms and proceeding through the door to her bedchamber, kissing her all the while. He lay her across the bed and then disrobed quickly as she watched with admiration.
“Now, where was I?” he breathed as he moved atop her and his hips came to rest between her thighs. His body touched hers intimately as he moved slowly, lowering himself. His lips coursed along the side of her breast and down her ribcage until he had positioned himself at waist level and his mouth moved down from her stomach once more, very leisurely. He nipped at her hip with his teeth and then his kisses resumed where he had left off, moving languidly downward.
Sometime later Stephen lay gasping atop Desiree and would have moved to lie at her side but she bent her knees, raising her legs and keeping him in the cradle of her thighs. “Hold me, Stephen,” she whispered, kissing his neck.
He looked down into her eyes, seeing tears sparkling there and clinging in the hair at her temples. “What is this?” he crooned. “Why are you crying? What is wrong, Desiree?” he asked softly while bending to kiss away her tears.
Desiree could not say why she was weepy. There was no reason for it. The closeness she felt at this moment dispelled all her fears and she felt secure within his arms. Stephen continued to rest above her though, holding her and rocking gently until her tears subsided.

***

“Look what I found on my way downstairs,” Tim beamed as he entered the dining room with Bridgett on his arm and seated her across from Desiree.
“Good morning,” Desiree said brightly, catching a silent inquiry from Bridgett as to how she had managed to dress alone. Desiree shrugged slightly, with a glance toward Stephen. As a servant placed the morning fare before each of the new arrivals, Stephen sipped from his coffee cup and addressed Bridgett.
“Bridgett, I was planning to take Desiree about the island this morning and show it off to her. You are cordially invited to join us if you like,” he offered, hoping silently that she would decline. He wanted Desiree to himself this morning.
“Thank you, Captain but I believe I shall make my own tour of the isle. I would like to take a look around the town and perhaps browse at the shops Timothy mentioned yesterday.”
“Well, I would like to go along,” Timothy piped up through a mouth full of bacon and Stephen shot him a look of disbelief. “With Bridgett, that is. What pleasure will you have with only a driver as company?” he asked smiling sweetly at Bridgett, then chuckled as he regarded his older brother. “I can tell when I am not wanted by some. May I join you dear lady?” he asked returning his full attention to Bridgett.
“Of course. I would enjoy your company,” Bridgett accepted with a nod, thinking that this could prove to be an interesting morning with this charming young man as her guide.
“It’s settled then…” Stephen began.
“Cap?” Ham called from the threshold, entering the room and pausing just within. “Jim Phillips has arrived with his goods from the East. He is getting things stored and will be up directly to give you his figures.”
“Blast it,” Stephen sighed. “So much for our outing, Desiree. I am afraid I must speak with the man. He has been in the Orient and we have much to discuss.”
“Well then, Desiree will just have to join us,” Tim decided enthusiastically. “I will show you both all the sights. I am a much more proficient tour guide anyway,” he assured with a wink.
Desiree nodded in acquiescence. “Thank you, Tim. I would love to come along.”
“Wonderful! Stephen, I shall take good care of these two for you,” Tim said with a grin.
“I am sure you will,” Stephen grumbled, rising from the table. “Have a good time,” he said warmly to Desiree and then addressed Ham. “Let’s get to work, old friend.”
As the two left the room, Tim gulped down the last of his coffee and rose. “Ladies, while you finish your breakfast I shall go and see about a carriage. I will return shortly.”
Tim hurried out of the room and Bridgett sipped at her tea, smiling over her cup. “This shall be an interesting morning I am sure.”
Desiree softly agreed, thinking to herself that it would not be nearly as interesting as it would have been with Stephen’s company but Tim would be her second choice, she decided.

***

The carriage rumbled down the cobblestone drive while Timothy began explaining the history of their family on Somerset with the clearing of the ground for the house as they turned out onto the road. After a tour which wound through the hills above the town upon a well-tended road carved through the trees, they drove through some of the residential areas and then ended their sightseeing at the shop lined main street of Somerset where they dismounted the carriage. Tim began pointing here and there, bringing their attention to shops of interest when he was hailed by an elderly gentleman at the door of the livery across the way and he waved in return undecided as to how he should proceed.
“Go ahead, Tim. We shall be in here,” Desiree offered, pointing to the clothier shop up the road.
“I’ll just be a few minutes,” he assured with a nod and hurried away to speak with the man while Desiree and Bridgett turned to the shop.
No one was about as they entered and there were no chimes upon the door to announce an entry but since they were only looking, Desiree shrugged at Bridgett and they helped themselves to browsing through the materials. As they were at this, muffled voices were heard coming from behind a draped door at the far side of the shop and Desiree’s ears perked at the mention of Stephen’s name and she listened intently but only caught bits and pieces of a quiet discussion.
“Oh, he has found a naïve little twit who actually believes his lies…” the words faded softer, then stronger. “He shall soon tire of the game and we shall continue as always.” A lighthearted laugh followed the comment.
A second woman made a soft inaudible remark, then giggles, followed by an awe filled voice. “I have never known a lustier stag although I…”
Desiree cursed silently, wishing she could hear the remark. Then the woman’s voice continued. “He has never been known to tarry long over one woman, of course you know that best of all. Vanessa, how can you tolerate his roving eye as well as everything else that roves?” she tittered.
“After so many years and so many women I have come to terms with his insatiable appetite…” the words faded to a low murmur and then laughter.
The reply was unintelligible.
“Just so he returns to my bed, I can bear it. I am a very patient woman.”
Desiree had heard enough. With the heat coming from her cheeks, she was sure her face must be flaming red. She gestured to Bridgett and the two silently left the shop. Tears threatened to spill over as Desiree fought to keep her composure.
Bridgett held her tongue, knowing full well the pain Desiree must be in and as Tim approached, Bridgett turned her attention to him just as he was about to mention Desiree’s sorrowful expression. “Tim, it must be getting on to the noon hour. Might we start back now?” Bridgett asked.
“Of course,” he answered lamely, as he studied Desiree’s face for a moment. He took both ladies by the arm and they started down the street toward the waiting carriage.
Desiree was quiet most of the ride home and was thankful that Bridgett was keeping Tim occupied with questions, leaving her to herself. To think that just hours ago Stephen had held her tenderly within his arms as she had wept foolish tears of insecurity. Now those feelings took hold and could not be alleviated. It appeared this woman Vanessa knew well his intentions concerning her as though it a common occurrence.
Her two companions breezed into the house talking gaily, while Desiree remained quiet, wanting only to retire to her room and be alone. She could not even think of lunch, although it was set out in the dining room and smelled wonderful. She patted Tim’s arm as he offered to escort her to the table and shook her head. “I believe I shall forego lunch, Tim. I am not very hungry.” She looked to Bridgett and averted her eyes, unable to deal with the understanding she saw there.
“Desiree, I shall miss your company but I am not one to force another’s will. I leave that up to Bess.” He looked warily about the front hall and the dining room. “You had best make a hasty retreat before she finds out or she will have you seated and eating before you know what has hit you,” he laughed.

***

No sooner had Desiree closed the door to her bedroom than a knock sounded at her sitting room door and she went out to answer, half expecting to find Bessie there, come to force her below to eat. Stephen grinned wickedly, entering the room as his arms came about her waist. “What is this about you not wanting to eat? Since when have you lacked an appetite?” he asked with a chuckle while nibbling her ear.
“Stephen, stop, please—I am simply not hungry.” She moved back from the tingling warmth of his lips against her neck.
“You wouldn’t have something to tell me would you?” he asked cocking his head and raising an eyebrow with a charming smile.
“What do you mean?” she snapped with surprise, knowing full well that he could not possibly know of the revelations she had learned this morning. This would be the only thing she would have to tell him and she refused to broach that subject.
“Well, I know that when a woman is…” he slipped his hand over her flat stomach, touching it gently, “with child she is known to lose her appetite at first and Tim said your mood changed suddenly this morning and there were those unexplainable tears earlier and I have concluded…” he chuckled.
“Stephen, you are insane! I assure you, you have concluded incorrectly,” she blushed. “That would be a nightmare!” she added, thinking of the conversation at the shop.
“Oh?” Stephen questioned with a frown, surprised and a bit bruised by her remark. She loved children, it was obvious. He could tell that by just the brief glimpse he had witnessed between her and the children at Nevis but her remark just now had been cold and cutting. “You are right, of course. It would be a terrible turn of events, wouldn’t it?” he asked with lightness to his voice, leaving her the option of correcting him.
Desiree looked away, unable to meet his gaze. She had missed the inflection in his voice and she was crushed. “Oui, it would I am afraid,” she replied softly.
Stephen watched her wring her hands and could not understand the signals her actions and words were giving out. He let the subject drop and turned back to the door, reaching into the hall.
“Well,” he produced a small basket, “I had hoped you would allow me to take you and this assortment of delicacies from Bessie’s kitchen and ride to a favorite spot of mine for a quiet lunch and an afternoon together.”
Desiree watched him grin sheepishly, looking to her with uncertainty and she was amazed that he had gone to such efforts for her. She smiled slightly in spite of herself. She wanted to rush into his arms and tell him of her fears and have him reassure her that all she suspected was untrue. She wanted not to care, to be grown up and accept that for now, in this moment, he belonged to her and enjoy him for as long as he would have her. But all Stephen saw was her standing in indecision. He placed the basket upon the floor and walked up to her. “Please,” he pleaded and kissed her softly. “Please,” he repeated, kissing her again and again and again.
“Yes! You win!” Desiree laughed, unable to catch her breath. “Just allow me to change will you please?”

***

“How are you at riding bareback? You did say you rode quite often at home, didn’t you?” Stephen wondered aloud as he bent to retrieve the basket from the floor and they headed down the hall.
“Yes, I do fairly well,” Desiree assured, with a giggle, suddenly overwhelmingly happy just to be with him. She had decided as she had changed into her riding clothes with Stephen’s helpful assistance, that perhaps what she had overheard this morning had been merely jealous lies told in order to save face. He belonged to her at this moment and she was determined to enjoy this afternoon and his company.
“Up you go!” Stephen said, holding out a hand to assist her. Desiree hesitated a moment, unsure of her ability to even stay astride Sampson, the spirited Roan stallion which pranced and fidgeted, eager to be off.
“Stand!” Stephen commanded and the horse obeyed immediately, stilling while giving Stephen his full attention.
Desiree glanced about the grounds to ensure their privacy, and then parted her skirts, pulling the back between her thighs and raised her left foot to Stephen. He grasped her leg just above the ankle and hoisted her upward until she straddled the steed. He handed her the basket which she held before her, and then he swung himself up behind her with ease. He wrapped his arms about her waist and took the reins loosely in his hands. With slight encouragement, the stallion pranced off under his measured control and they headed out the drive heading for the opposite side of the island.
With Stephen at the reins, the horse flew along the beach and Desiree leaned back, relishing the feel of Stephen’s body pressed close to her and encircled by his arms and both in unison with the spirited animal beneath them. A spray of water pelted their feet as the horse raced along the water’s edge and Stephen pressed a light kiss to her cheek, talking idly as they moved along.
Stephen slowed the animal although the beach continued on, ending at the point of the island and he turned the horse toward the dense tree line where Desiree could see an opening and a path which led upward. The horse moved willingly up the path and seemed to know the way and after a gradual climb that ended near the point of the island, ahead she could see sunlight and heard the sound of rushing water.
They rose to a small grassy meadow bathed in sunlight and at the far side near the edge of a cliff a waterfall emptied into a good sized pool. The water rushed over the lip of the pool and down a rocky cliff where it then continued on along a streamlet.
Stephen dismounted, took the basket from Desiree’s hands and then helped her down. He led the horse some distance out into the open meadow and dropped the reins, leaving the steed ground tied to graze at will upon the sweet grasses.
“What do you think?” he grinned, outstretching his arms.
“It’s lovely. Very private. Do you come here often?” She was wondering if he had entertained others here but tried to push the thoughts from her mind.
“I have always enjoyed this place. To be alone to think. The water only occurs every so often after a heavy rain and until it all runs out of the hills. This will be all dried up in a short time, until the next big rainfall.”
He removed a blanket from the top of the basket, spreading it upon the grass near the trees in an area of filtered sunlight and taking a seat, patted a place beside him. “Join me, sweet. Are you hungry?”
He rummaged through the contents of the basket, producing a plate of fried chicken and offered her first choice. Desiree accepted gladly as Stephen set out the rest of the contents including fresh fruit, bread, cheese and a bottle of water.
The conversation was rather one-sided as they enjoyed their picnic. Desiree was lacking her usual flair for the give and take of their talks, while Stephen tried gallantly to fill the awkward and uncomfortable pauses and bring her out of her obvious melancholy. She was having difficulty with her resolve to enjoy this afternoon.
“Earlier today, before I came to your room Bessie was saying it was high time to have a ball or party of some sort. We usually have a get together at least a couple times during the fall season. It will be planned for two weeks from now when my parents return from England. We do have a shop here in town if you would like to have a gown made especially for the event.”
“Oui, I was at that shop this morning,” Desiree managed with sudden unease.
“The party will be a good opportunity for you to meet some of the people from the isle,” Stephen said pausing to gauge her reaction.
“It shall be lovely. I can’t recall the last time I was at a true gala. It has been quite some time ago,” Desiree said without conviction but Stephen did not seem to notice.
“Neither have I. It shall be a welcome change.”
He reclined upon one elbow, stretching his legs out before him as he finished the last slice of papaya, watching her thoughtfully. “Are you certain that you are well, sweet? You really are not acting yourself today for some reason. I usually am not given a chance to get a word in edgeways. Why are you so quiet? Have I done something or said something that has upset you?”
“No, Stephen,” Desiree fibbed. “I think all these changes in residence are catching up with me is all. I am feeling a touch homesick. I see you with Tim and Bessie and I realize how much I miss France.”
She was amazed at how easily the lie flowed from her lips. Any such feelings had only come about this day. She was feeling like an outsider in his life again and she didn’t much care for the feeling.
“I have no family of course but I left several friends in France who were every bit as dear to me as family and I miss them. They were always my confidantes when I needed someone to talk to,” she sighed, thinking of Rene’ and the others.
If she were home she could go to them and tell them of Stephen and all that had occurred and would feel secure with their advice. Even though they had never approved of anyone for her yet, she knew that if they were aware of the seriousness of this situation, they would advise her without malice toward Stephen.
“I would like you to think of us as family, Desiree. You may feel free to take as much of my time as you wish,” he grinned and pulled her to him for a brief kiss. “So, would you care to confide in me?”
Desiree smiled weakly, shaking her head. “I am fine really, Stephen. No need for you to worry.”
“Then how about we go for a swim?” he asked, sitting up and looking to the inviting water.
“In these heavy clothes? I will drown.”
“No, I thought we could take our clothes off,” he chuckled.
She made no remark but he watched her look around at the edges of the clearing and the dense trees beyond.
“No one will see us here. I am sure of it.”
After removing his boots and stockings, he stood and began stripping off his clothes while Desiree watched without moving to join him. She had never disrobed out of doors and modesty held her back. Stephen on the other hand, shed his clothes in a flash, loosened her laces for her and then sauntered off toward the water with an easy stride.
“Come on!” he yelled standing waist deep in the pool and then pushed off, floating toward the waterfall.
Desiree rose and undressed with her wary attention on the trees, expecting to find someone staring back. She left her clothes next to Stephen’s on the blanket and dashed for the pool with her hands held before her for modesty’s sake.
She cleaved the water, coming up and found herself within Stephen’s arms and was greeted by a flaming kiss. Her hair floated in the water about her and he lifted it, smoothing it down her back so his view and his hands were unobstructed. He lifted her effortlessly into his arms and then bobbed across the pool, bringing her with him toward the waterfall and his lips seared her with a lingering kiss as they moved beneath the gently gurgling spray.

***

Desiree drifted across the pool, allowing the current to draw her toward the lip and looking at it from eye level it created an illusion as though the pool continued on and merged with the ocean beyond. She pulled some leaves from the shrubs that crowded in around the pool and let them drift to the edge and over. How they appeared to be heading out to sea was an interesting illusion and both she and Stephen spent some time at that. They romped in the water which was cool, clear and felt wonderful Desiree admitted without clothes to impede her.
After some time enjoying their play, things became more heated and their passions flared with every contact and soon Stephen lifted her into his arms and carried her to the blanket where they made love in the sunny glade in broad daylight. Desiree didn’t think once of the trees or of whether anyone might be watching. Her only thought was of Stephen pouring his passion out to her and sweeping her along with him.
The remainder of the afternoon was spent talking and playing in the water as Desiree fought with the insecurities and doubts. She wanted him and that was all that mattered she tried to convince herself and for now, he wanted her. He simply could not be so loving and open with her and be acting the part. His care had to be genuine because no one could be so cruel as to toy with another’s affections so completely.



Chapter Thirty-Three


The lonely call of night birds and the hum of insects were a symphony all their own. The sky was velvety black, dotted with shimmering stars and a gentle breeze caressed Desiree as she reclined in a chair upon her balcony, enjoying a peaceful moment before retiring. She was exhausted from her afternoon swimming with Stephen and tormented by the conversation she had overheard between Vanessa and the unknown woman earlier in the day. She had gone from hurt, to angry, to sad and insecure throughout the day. She did not want to care. She wanted to be mature and enjoy him for as long as he enjoyed her, but her childish emotions kept getting in the way.
She was brought from her thoughts by a scraping sound and she leaned forward, peeking within her chambers and then peered through the dark to the far side of the balcony but was unable to decide what the noise could have been or what direction it had come from. She dismissed it, leaning back once more and looking to the sky. Then she very definitely heard the sound of tearing leaves and breaking twigs coming distinctly from beside the balcony, near the house. She rose, moving warily to the stone railing and peered over.
“Stephen!” she gasped. “You frightened me nearly to death! What on earth are you doing?”
Stephen paused in his ascent and laughed. “I am trying to sneak up a beautiful woman’s balcony and these blasted vines are doing their best to discourage me! Here,” he handed her two glasses and then grasping the top of the rail, he yanked his foot loose of a sprig of clinging ivy and pulled himself up, leaping over.
“I am getting too old for this sort of foolery. A young Romeo I am not!” he assured with a grunt, leaning over to retrieve a bottle of wine from the ledge where he had placed it.
Desiree giggled. “Oh please! You are hardly getting too old! You have more energy than I by far!”
Stephen turned back to her and chuckled then he placed a light kiss upon her mouth. “Did you enjoy yourself this afternoon?”
Soft lamplight spilling out of her chamber illuminated a gentle smile as she turned away. “Very much,” she nodded, taking a seat again and patting the chair beside her own.
Stephen joined her, opening the wine and Desiree held the glasses while he filled them and then set the bottle beneath his chair. “To us,” he said briefly.
“To us,” Desiree nodded, clinking her glass with his and sipping daintily at her wine. She leaned back then, admiring the night sky once more. She was at a loss for words and was unable to think of a subject to talk about. She had much on her mind but nothing she could voice to Stephen. Since she could not think of anything nice to say, she said nothing.
Stephen drained his glass and set it aside upon the stone rail. “Desiree, we have been sitting here for nearly two full minutes and you have yet to utter a word.” He leaned across and touched her thigh possessively.
“Neither have you, sir and rarely are you lacking in that area.”
“Perhaps we have run out of topics for conversation,” he sighed. “Perhaps you are growing tired of me.”
Desiree shot him a look of surprise. “What prompted you to say that?” she snapped hotly. Her mind raced back over the words, she had overheard this morning; “‘He shall soon tire of the game and we shall continue as always’.” Her stomach fluttered with sickening dread. Perhaps his true meaning was that he was growing tired of her.
“You are quiet, yet you say nothing is troubling you! But your disposition has changed dramatically, at least where I am concerned…” he shook his head. “Never mind,” he sighed in exasperation, completely baffled.
Desiree stood from her chair and set her glass upon a small table as she entered her bedroom. She paced across the floor with tears threatening and her emotions raging when only a few unnerving words had been exchanged. She turned to see Stephen leaning against the door jam, watching her.
“Are you all right, sweet?” he asked with concern.
“I am fine—fine!” she stammered, trying to assure him but her voice sounded harsh and strained in her own ears. She wrapped her arms about her middle, resuming her pacing. “Stephen, I am very tired. I am not the best company tonight, perhaps you should leave.”
“If you are tired, I shall not prevent you from retiring. Come here,” he beckoned as he crossed to turn down the bed. Taking a seat upon its edge he patted a spot at his side. He pulled off his boots and stockings, as he spoke. “I do not want to leave,” he stated happily. “So you had better come here before I come and get you.”
“You will not!” Desiree said with conviction. “I am too tired to entertain you tonight, Stephen. So you had best forget any plans you have for me.” She turned away sharply as her anger flared at him, that he should be so sure she would fall into his arms. She was so subservient, always at his beck and call and it pricked her pride how he was so very confident in that fact.
She turned back to him and he grinned while tossing his shirt into a chair. Her eyes roamed over his hard rippling torso, before lifting to his lean sun-darkened face once more. He was so very handsome that it was almost mystical. She knew that there was not a woman alive who could resist him.
He stood and then left his breeches upon the floor as he slipped into her bed, turning on his side to face her. Raised upon one elbow he draped the sheet across his waist and looked like a dark bronze statue against the white of the bedding. He lifted the sheet invitingly and waited.
“No entertainment. Just come to bed. I want to hold you Desiree, nothing more,” he cajoled.
“That would be a new twist, Captain,” she returned with disbelief.
“Desiree, I have no idea what has come over you but I have shared a bed with you quite often in the last month or more and I do not feel I am asking too much. Please, be my angel once more. Give me a little of that warmth and caring I have come to depend upon.”
He smiled innocently and Desiree felt her reserve weaken, then crumble completely and she left her doubts on the floor with her robe. His eyes moved upon her and she saw the sparks of passion which she knew so well. Although dressed in a modest gown, she felt devoured as if naked to his gaze. She blew out the candles she passed on the way to the bed, watching his eyes upon her body and was thankful when the last lamp was doused and the room was illuminated by only soft moonlight which cloaked the scene in gentle hues of silver gray. She crawled in beside him and lying upon her back, looked up into his eyes.
“You are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen,” he whispered as his lips found hers.
“You are a blackguard, Monsieur, corrupting my mind,” she returned, wrapping an arm about his neck and pulling the hair at his nape none too gently.
“Ouch! You, my sweet, are a vixen and you tease me without mercy.” He kissed her and the depth of emotion in the kiss told of his obvious intent.
“Oh no, Captain! You wanted only to share my bed, remember? I was serious about that,” Desiree said, wriggling away from him and laying upon her side, with her back against his chest.
“I hope this is not an indication of what I may expect in our future,” he grumbled lightheartedly.
“And if it were?” she threw over her shoulder.
“Are you threatening me?” he inquired in amazement.
“No, but I doubt you would worry long over it if I were,” she whispered.
“I do not like the tone of this conversation. You are raising my ire, is that what you are attempting?” he turned her to her back, glaring down into her eyes.
“No. Never mind,” she sighed, trying to turn away but he held her in check.
“Desiree, it is your right if you do not wish to share yourself with me tonight but I warn you, don’t try and use this as some kind of weapon against me. It won’t work,” he stated flatly.
“Are you threatening me, Stephen? Are you saying you shall go elsewhere?”
“I said nothing of the kind. I simply want you to understand that you shall gain nothing by toying with my affections except my anger. As much as I enjoy taking you within my arms, I will not live in fear of losing that privilege. If you are upset with me or whatever it is that is bothering you, please let us get it out into the open and resolve it so we may move on. You have never held back what you were thinking or feeling before, so don’t start now and don’t use what we share in bed as a punishment for something I have said or done that has upset you. It is simply not fair,” he said, his voice was sharp.
She wondered if perhaps she had indeed found a weapon she could use against him if need be. He did fear losing that privilege to have mentioned it and she remembered from past experiences when she was able to use her body to seduce him into answering difficult questions.
“I don’t know what you are talking about, Stephen. I am simply tired, that is all. But if it were something more, I doubt you would have any trouble replacing me. Who would warm your bed after me, Stephen? Have you some woman waiting for just such an occurrence?”
“Stop it, Desiree! That is not in the least bit amusing. Why are you so determined to fight tonight?” he snapped with true anger evident in his voice.
“You started this, Stephen. Not I,” she reminded more gently, not realizing his anger would flare so suddenly.
Although filled with anger matching his and hurt by all she had learned this day, Desiree moved her hand to his chest in a caress inviting a response and he rose to it eagerly as his own anger took flight. His arms came about her and his lips sought hers while he inched her gown slowly upwards and between kisses, she wriggled out of the garment and it dropped silently over the edge of the bed.
While he made love to her, Desiree took note of one very important fact; she could indeed toy with him and his need overcame even righteous anger. She had an undeniable amount of control over him whether he realized it or not.

***

Much later, Desiree watched the moonlight falling through the balcony doors. Stephen’s breathing was regular and she could feel the rise and fall of his chest behind her back as she lay cradled against him, with his arm resting across her waist. His presence usually brought comfort and security and she would sleep peacefully, but not so tonight.
She felt a heavy sense of foreboding of things to come. She had no idea what his plans were concerning her, only fear of what those plans might be and in her mind she imagined Stephen and Vanessa sharing all which she now enjoyed. He spending his nights in Vanessa’s arms instead of her own and her receiving only stinted greetings over meals or during casual meetings.
When will he cast me aside? she wondered inwardly. How would it come about? Perhaps he would come to her in an honorable fashion and tell her it was finished or he may leave it up to her to guess for herself. Tears slipped silently from her eyes at the thought of losing him. She turned toward him, watching his dark handsome face upon the pillow beside her. He stirred and pulled her closer, kissing her forehead in his sleep and she draped an arm over his shoulder, touching a soft lock at the nape of his neck.
I love you, she thought silently, unable to deny the fact but she knew that she was not alone in that emotion concerning him. Vanessa too laid claim to him and she could not deny that fact either.
If she were to tell him of her love; but again she imagined the outcome of such a confession and she could almost hear his rich laughter in her ears as he would tell her cruelly, “Desiree, I enjoy you but I do not love you. I am a man of the sea. I cannot be tamed or tarry for long. I am sorry but you are mistaken about me…” He might well leave then, going out to sea or he could return to Vanessa just that much sooner.
Desiree nuzzled close to him wishing she knew what he felt but afraid to know at the same time. Stephen pulled her closer in his sleep, laying his head against her shoulder and she smoothed a strand of his hair at his brow and closed her eyes. He may cast me away, she thought, but for now, I shall relish the feel of him at my side. And she drifted off to sleep, holding him close and sheltered within his arms.



Chapter Thirty-Four


It was just two short days later when Desiree rose early, dressed with Bridgett’s assistance and made her way downstairs only to find the main floor deserted. The clatter of dishes came from the kitchen beyond the dining room but the dining room itself was still empty. She decided to spend a few minutes in the fresh morning air while she waited for the rest of the household to awaken, exiting to the back lawn and strolling around the manor and now she cursed herself for doing so. For she rounded the side of the manor and there before her, on the front lawn, was Stephen and the woman she had come to hate, although she had not yet even been introduced to her; Vanessa.
Stephen’s back was to Desiree as he spoke in a quiet tone and the words were inaudible, but unable to tear herself away, Desiree stood hidden near the house watching the exchange between the two. Until recently, she had not been a person to eavesdrop but now she simply could not pull herself away.
The jealousy she had felt in the colonies when Stephen and the young trollop had shared a secret came once more to mind and again she felt like an outsider, looking in on his life. This time more so because this woman did know Stephen so well and also because this was not some young whore but rather a beautiful woman who apparently had shared with Stephen all she now enjoyed, while she felt unsure of any right to him or his heart.
Vanessa turned to stroll away to a waiting steed but Stephen grasped her arm, pulling her back to him and Desiree could almost hear the words he had spoken to her on the Windward and so often in the past when they were at odds with one another. She argued with herself that they could be discussing any number of topics and surely she was imaging this to be a lover’s spat but then Vanessa drew Stephen’s head down and the kiss was ardent. She did not need to see any more and she turned, fleeing along the house and in through the back door.
Desiree hurried upstairs unseen and withdrew to her rooms, closing the door quietly. Pacing back and forth with her fists clenched before her mouth, she allowed her rage to consume her.
“What a ridiculous fool they must all take me for,” she said aloud. “Believing that Stephen Colter could take me for more than another momentary distraction.” A lusty stag, the girl in the shop had called him and Desiree knew that well enough, as it seemed many women did. How many others had fallen to his smooth words, his charming nature and been left gasping in the ecstasy brought about by his expert lovemaking?
Now she was being laughed at about the island by the one woman who held, at least, a piece of his heart. The welcome on board ship their first day, the giggling chatter in the clothier at her expense and now another ardent embrace on the front lawn. How self-satisfied Stephen must be feeling to have two, possibly more, awaiting his ministrations. Well she was not about to share a man with another woman, even if Vanessa was willing to do so. Vanessa could have him and good riddance. She would bring her sordid affair to an end this very day and Vanessa would have him once more to herself.
Throwing open her wardrobe, Desiree removed a sky blue riding habit with a modest décolletage and a layer of soft white muslin beneath the full skirt, tossing it to her bed. A ride would be the easiest way to avoid him this morning, she decided. Then she hurried out of her rooms in search of Bridgett.
Bridgett had not mentioned Stephen, the occurrence at the shop or any topic pertaining to their relationship and Desiree had pointedly avoided those subjects as well. It was as though all Bridgett had predicted was coming to pass in rapid succession and she did not want to admit to Bridgett that she had been right about the charming Captain Colter, so she had avoided speaking of him completely. Knocking lightly upon Bridgett’s door, she entered and found her nurse seated at her dressing table putting the finishing touches on her toilette.
“Bridgett, I have changed my mind about my outfit. Would you help me to dress? I have decided to ride this morning after breakfast.”
“Well of course dear, come along. Let us see about it,” Bridgett offered brightly, deciding against asking Desiree why she was flushed. Undoubtedly she was seething about something.

***

Having donned the garb and arranged her hair in a neat braid down her back, Desiree and Bridgett made their way downstairs to the dining room. Voices were heard as they approached and they entered to find Tim and Stephen seated with Vanessa. Desiree’s face held no expression although her heart was breaking. She could not fathom the nerve he possessed to be flaunting her so brazenly. Vanessa sat to Stephen’s right and her eyes were brittle and deadly cold as she glared across the room at her.
“Good morning,” Desiree managed sweetly, sweeping the table lightly with her eyes before accepting a seat offered at Tim’s side. Her eyes met his, which were twinkling with affection and she felt relieved to have at least one ally.
“Desiree, you look ravishing,” Tim remarked as he settled her in her seat and then took his own once more.
“Merci,” she returned and then looked nervously about the bright sunlit room, avoiding both Stephen and Vanessa’s regard.
Stephen seated Bridgett on his left opposite Vanessa and on Tim’s right and the room was quiet for what seemed an eternity.
Vanessa sized up her enemy, noting the uncomfortable behavior of her foe and knew by the sickening sweetness of her face that she would prove to be no match. She turned to Stephen, resting her chin daintily upon her laced fingers and smiled faintly. “Stephen, will you introduce me to your guests?” she asked assuming an attitude of importance.
“Of course, forgive me. Miss Desiree Chandelle and Bridgett Spencer,” he beamed at Desiree with a warm smile. “I would like you to meet an old friend of the family, Vanessa Haines.”
Vanessa glared at him. The matronly sounding title of family friend he had bestowed upon her tweaked her pride but she recovered quickly, affecting a condescending smile at the younger woman.
Desiree nodded kindly and then looked to her plate as a servant set it before her. She paid close attention to its contents, wishing to be excluded from any further conversation.
“Desiree, dear?” Vanessa crooned, not ready to leave her to enjoy her meal. She had not yet begun her assault.
Stephen perked to the honey smoothness of Vanessa’s voice, sensing trouble. He sipped his coffee, watching her over his cup.
“Just how long can we expect your presence on our little island paradise? Or shall that depend upon your fancy, Stephen?” she smiled slyly into Stephen’s cold glare.
Stephen opened his mouth to answer but was cut off before he had uttered a word by Desiree as she stared unflinching into the vicious green eyes.
“That shall depend upon a third party, Miss Haines. A very dear friend of mine from whom I am anxiously awaiting word. Neither myself nor Captain Colter have control over that.”
Stephen’s eyes caught Desiree’s for a brief moment before she allowed hers to drop. He hadn’t been addressed as Captain Colter for some time unless in jest and he noted Vanessa was quick to use this to her advantage. She straightened in her chair, laughing softly and then smiled at him in amusement.
“Captain Colter is it? My how formal! I was under the impression that you and Stephen were quite close, dear. Intimately close in fact.”
Vanessa’s regard came back to rest upon Desiree once more with a bored perusal as though interrogating merely another of many mistresses she had come to endure over the years. Desiree was devastated. She felt betrayed and dirty, for it seemed Vanessa was well aware of their state, more so than mere suspicion. It made her ill to think Stephen had been disloyal and had discussed their intimacy with Vanessa when he had refused her any information regarding his past entanglements.
Tim slammed a hand down upon the table and Stephen ground out with authority, “That is enough, Vanessa.”
Desiree placed her hand over Tim’s with a gentle smile and spoke up once more in her own defense bringing Stephen’s forming remarks to a halt.
“No,” Desiree denied it. “And if not for extenuating circumstances I would not be here this moment, I assure you.” She glared at Stephen as his regard turned to her. His expression appeared to be surprised and confused.
“Timothy?” Desiree asked, laying aside her napkin. “I have lost my appetite. Could I trouble you to accompany me to the stable for a few minutes? I wish to ride and would appreciate your help in selecting a suitable mount.”
“It would be my honor, dear lady. Might I join you for your excursion?” Tim offered.
“That will not be necessary, Tim. You have more important things to do I am sure.”
“Desiree,” Stephen interjected. “The island is large and you are unfamiliar. I would feel more at ease if you would allow one of us to join you.”
“Would you rather Stephen?” Tim asked, relinquishing his claim.
“No!” Desiree hurried to interrupt. “Tim, please join me. I would enjoy your company ever so much if I must have an escort.”
“My goodness, Stephen. It appears your company is unwelcome! Perhaps I might have a few moments of your time,” Vanessa crooned, while glowering at the younger woman.
Stephen ignored the remark completely unable to fathom the chill he was receiving from Desiree. True, Vanessa had made some catty remarks which she would answer for but Desiree was angry at him as though he could control what Vanessa decided to spout forth.
Tim held Desiree’s chair and Stephen rose as she moved fluidly around the table pausing between him and Vanessa. “It has been a pleasure making your acquaintance,” she smiled politely. “Captain, do have a very nice morning. Come along, Timothy.” She took his arm and turned to leave.
“Desiree, might I please have a word with you?” Stephen called after her.
“Perhaps later,” she answered sweetly. “Bridgett, I shall see you later as well.” And with a wave, she swept from the room on Tim’s arm.
Bridgett glared at the captain for a moment and then turned to the wicked young woman across from her. She sat smugly, sipping at her tea as though unaware of the hurt she had inflicted upon Desiree with her words. Bridgett rose and rushed from the room and up the stairs. She was appalled at what she had been a witness to and at Captain Colter’s lack of defense on Desiree’s behalf. At least, she thought through her rage, Desiree had been able to hold her own and had set the good captain back a bit at the same time. She had seen the tenseness on Desiree’s face and could guess she was near tears but at least that blonde bitch was unaware of that truth.

***

“Well Stephen, for being your mistress, she seems very cool toward you. Are you sure you weren’t imaging the entire affair?” Vanessa laughed brightly after the older woman’s exit.
“I do not consider her my mistress, Vanessa and an affair would better describe what you and I shared at one time in the distant past, wouldn’t you agree?” Stephen snapped.
“Well, for the closeness you claim to share, it is hidden very well. She seems to enjoy Timothy though, doesn’t she? But then I would guess they have much in common due to their age. She is rather young isn’t she?” Vanessa adjusted her bodice, drawing Stephen’s attention to her full bust.
“Not so young, Vanessa. Simply fresh and unhardened. You might do better for yourself if you could learn to draw in your claws a bit and learn a few manners in the future.” He rose from his seat and tossed his napkin upon the table. “I believe you can see yourself out. I have work to do.”

***

For some time Desiree urged her mount along the surf unaware of Timothy in even stride beside her. She was racing to flee the scene over breakfast which ran over and over again within her mind, just as the waves crashed over the beach, time after time, sending up fine droplets as hooves met the sea. The sun upon the water set it to sparkling and the hills about them were shrouded in vapor. The air had a heavy feeling from a light rain which had fallen sometime during the night, and slowly Desiree felt her emotions coming under control as she took in the splendor of the morning all about her. She reined her horse to a walk and Timothy followed suit, slowing his mount to fall in beside her. She smiled warmly at him and then moved from the surf to the water’s edge, where she dismounted.
“What are you doing?” Tim asked with a chuckle. He pulled Sebastian to a stop and rested his arms across the horn of the saddle, watching as she took a seat upon the sand and began removing her shoes and stockings. She jumped up and placed her shoes about the horn of her sidesaddle, tucking her stockings in the pommel.
“Tim, take off your boots. Let’s walk a bit,” she said slapping at his foot. Bending over at the waist, she pulled her skirt forward between her legs and tucked it up in the fashion she had acquired at Nevis. She scampered into the water, kicking a spray toward him. “Come on, you won’t melt!” she goaded, letting her hair down and running her fingers through the braid, letting the tresses fly free in the warm breeze.
Tim turned his gaze, searching the bluffs and down the white sand beach. It wouldn’t do to be seen frolicking in the waves as his crew would never allow him to live it down. But they were alone and slowly he dismounted. He plopped down upon the sand and struggled briefly with a boot, giving up and holding it out to Desiree.
“Could you help me please?” he asked with a grin. “I have a devil of a time with these.”
“Men! Helpless as kittens,” Desiree teased, scampering from the water and tugging his boot off easily. He removed his stocking, tucking it inside the boot for safekeeping, and then held up the other foot. Desiree was unable to get this boot to budge and so with renewed determination and vigor, she put her whole weight behind it. With a mighty heave, the boot came off in her hand and she staggered back unbalanced as her skirt came loose from her waistband. It clung to her wet legs like a living thing and with an earsplitting screech, she fell backwards into the surf and a wave rolled over her head.
“Ohhh…!” she sputtered, coming to her feet with her dress clinging to her shoulders and back and her hair a wet mass over her face.
“Good God, Desiree! I am sorry!” Tim gasped, leaping into the surf to her aid. He broke into chuckles in spite of himself when she glared at him from beneath her dripping hair.
“You did that on purpose!” she growled, throwing her dress off her shoulders and pointing an accusing finger.
Wide-eyed, he shook his head, his laughter growing with her accusations. “No—no I swear it! My boot is ruined! Would I have dared such a prank at the expense of my best boots?”
Desiree tossed the sodden boot in his direction, starting past him while he tried valiantly to bring his amusement under control and grab the boot from the surf before it sank. She stopped and turned back with a deadly glare and he attempted to sober and look concerned, but then laughed all the harder for his effort.
Desiree shook her head, with a smile creeping across her lips. “You fool!” she giggled. Then with both hands outstretched, she flung herself against his chest, toppling him back into the knee deep water, the force of the impact, causing her to fall face first beside him. They both emerged laughing and Desiree sat beside him on the sandy bottom, with her dress floating about her in the surf and cupped her hands, splashing him.
“Touché, Timothy!” she said with a giggle, arranging her sagging décolletage. She pulled her hair over the shoulders trying to hide her breasts, which were visible through the lightweight sodden muslin.
“You, Miss Chandelle, are a little devil!” Tim announced, pulling his shirt away from his skin with effort. He unbuttoned it, pulling it off and Desiree smiled faintly, admiring his lean frame, which was well muscled, bronzed, and very similar to Stephen’s physique. In a few years he would rival his older brother, she mused silently.
Tim wadded the shirt into a small ball and removing his remaining stocking, added it to the bundle. Then, drawing back his arm, he flung the clothing and his waterlogged boot toward shore, cursing the instant they left his hand for he realized what was about to take place, even before it occurred.
The bundle landed with a soggy thud directly in front of the two horses and their reaction was immediate. They leapt into the air with legs coming back to the ground, stiff and wide set. With eyes bulging and nostrils flaring, the steeds trembled and snorted and in terror they bolted, racing down the beach, heading for home and hurling a shower of packed sand from beneath their pounding hooves.
“Oh hell, Sebastian!” Tim shouted, racing from the water and holding out his arms pleadingly but the horses were well down the beach at a full gallop with tails flying high and no intention of returning. Tim turned back to Desiree who floated calmly in the rolling surf, watching her mount retreat.
“Wonderful, Monsieur Colter,” she applauded him with a grin. “Now whatever shall we do?”
Tim glared at her with his hands on hips. “This is all your fault! You little mischief-maker!” he laughed, breaking into a wide grin. He slapped at the soaking wet breeches clinging to his thighs, then noticed that the white material was plastered to his body, leaving him almost no modesty; every detail of his frame was visible. His mouth gaped open and Desiree’s eyes followed his and then she covered her face with her hands, as he cleaved the waves, diving in beside her.
“I would dare say,” he rasped, wiping his salt reddened eyes with the heels of his hands, “that we have the makings of an enormous scandal.”
Desiree laughed in spite of the fact. So many times in the past she had found herself involved in a similar dilemma with one of her friends and the silly chain of events were so very typical. She couldn’t resist and engulfed Tim in an affectionate hug as they both broke into a fit of laughter and a wave crashed over their heads once more.

***

Tim pulled Desiree to her feet with one hand, while the other hovered before the front of his breeches for modesty’s sake and the two trudged slowly from the ocean. Tim bent and retrieved his shirt from the sand, turning his back while he tied the sleeves about his waist and draped the body of the garment across the front of his breeches.
As they walked, Desiree stooped along the beach collecting a shoe here, a stocking there, which had been dislodged from the saddle with the rapid departure of her mount. Her wet skirt clung to her legs causing her to stumble and she drew it up before her, holding it across her arm.
Tim smiled softly when she caught him admiring her legs and she let it pass without comment. “Tim, can I ask you something?” she questioned, taking his arm with a squeeze.
“Of course. What would you care to know?” he grinned happily.
“Would you tell me of Miss Haines and Stephen?”
Desiree saw the surprise on his face. He ran a hand through his golden hair, removing some of the water. “I do not like to carry tales, Desiree. What specifically would you like to know?”
She could tell that he was uneasy with the subject, which made her more than a little leery of pursuing it further. “Are they involved with one another?” her voice was light, disguising her concern.
“Well, I was under the impression Stephen was involved with you,” he stated softly.
Desiree did not commit one way or another on that comment.
“Is it because of this morning at breakfast? I will tell you now; Vanessa Haines can be very catty. She was trying to goad you and upset you.”
“No, I think I handled her fairly well this morning, didn’t you?”
“Yes, but I did sense that your words upset Stephen. His eyes were livid.”
“You still have not answered my question,” Desiree reminded him.
“To my knowledge they are not,” he stated honestly.
“Would you know if they were?” she pried further.
Tim stopped, turning to face her with his eyes narrowed and jaw askew as if trying to figure her out. “I don’t know why you are bringing this up but no, I usually am not kept informed of Stephen’s personal life.”
“I see,” Desiree said lightly, looking past him to the lush green jungle. “How long a walk do we have ahead of us?”
Tim turned his back to her, pointing to the sand dunes. “Maybe a half hour. Up and over, will be the shortest route,” he grumbled, shaking his head. “We will probably have the entire island out hunting for us when our mounts return without us.”
“Oh no! Let’s hurry, Tim. I don’t want to cause any worry!” she gasped, dragging him along the beach by his arm.

***

Stephen sat at his desk in the study, pouring over figures. He was finding it impossible to concentrate, adding the same column again and arriving at still a different total. His mind was on the scene caused by Vanessa at breakfast. Desiree had been so cold toward him and for the past few days her strange pensive mood had continued to grow. It was making him feel very unsure of her, of their entire relationship.
That last week of their voyage, he could have sworn he had her heart, almost certain that she was falling in love with him. He had racked his brain for a probable cause for her change in attitude since their arrival but could find nothing until the slight altercation with Vanessa at breakfast.
Perhaps she was having second thoughts about their relationship, deciding it was not what she wanted and was hinting that she would rather not continue. But why? What had he done that had changed her mind? He was totally baffled.
Now Vanessa, on the other hand, was as easy to figure as this column of numbers, more so he mused considering his current trouble with that task. She had come over this morning to, of all things, confront Desiree as though Desiree were one of her catty sort. Thinking to have a war of words over who would better serve his needs. He could not imagine Desiree in such a bitchy fray for she was simply too innocent.
He had been the first to rise for the day and had diverted Vanessa at the front door, leading her away from the house to have words. She had turned in a huff, vowing to find the opportunity and he had halted her, using the only threat which would dissuade her; vowing to turn his back on her completely and never welcome her presence again if she were to say or do anything to cause Desiree pain. She had thrown herself at him, asking him to steal away for a few minutes and had bestowed upon him her most flaming kiss. Her attempt to entice him had failed miserably and she had, in the end, succumbed to his demands, promising she would behave. He had been so generous as to invite her to stay to breakfast, only to have her set a few barbs after all.
“Captain Colter.”
Stephen looked up at a young lad standing at the threshold of the study.
“Mister Tim and the Miss, their horses returned some minutes ago, alone. They raced into the barn as if the devil himself was after them. I cared for them and put them up as they were in a lather. I thought you would want to know.”
“What the hell! Matt, saddle Sampson for me at once!” Stephen ordered, leaving the room at a jog as the boy dashed before him to do as he was bid.

***

Stephen was rounding the drive from the stable, just heading for the front entrance but then skidded his mount to a halt and the horse trembled and pawed the ground wanting to be off and turning in circles as Stephen turned in the saddle to get a better look at the sight before him.
Walking wearily up the drive with her shoes in her hand and her hair fanning in cascading waves about her waist, with clothes dirty and wrinkled, came Desiree leaning heavily upon Tim’s arm. His younger brother was unclad but for his breeches, with a grimy shirt tied about his waist, his boots beneath one arm and stockings slung over his shoulder.
Tim broke into a grin when he saw Stephen sitting with arms crossed upon his saddle horn, taking in their appearance with a stunned expression. “Stephen! Wonderful day for a stroll don’t you agree?” Tim called jauntily affecting an aristocratic lilt to his voice.
Desiree could not suppress a giggle; the inflection in his voice was so idiotic.
“You look like drowned rats. Tim, what on earth happened?” Stephen raised an amused brow quizzically.
“I take only part of the blame,” Tim announced, pointing an accusing finger at Desiree who swatted it away.
“Please excuse me,” she begged, looking up to Stephen briefly. “I feel a need for a nice warm bath.” She removed her arm from Timothy’s and scampered up the drive turning and shaking a finger at him as she retreated. “Don’t you dare make it out my fault alone,” she warned.
Tim pointed at her fleeing back. “That lady is quite something,” he slapped Stephen’s knee good-naturedly. “You would be insane to let her get away big brother.”
“I have no intention of letting her get away. What makes you say that?” he tilted his head in puzzlement.
“No reason. Well, would you care to hear of our morning?”
“Yes, I would.” Stephen turned his mount and the two started toward the stables.
“Quite simple actually. Desiree wanted to walk on the beach…” Tim began as they entered the dimly lit barn.

***

Desiree padded on tiptoes through the front door and had not placed a foot upon the stairs when a gasp sounded behind her. She turned slowly around to face Bessie and Bridgett. Bessie’s mouth hung slack, obviously aghast at her appearance while Bridgett’s eyes twinkled and she held an amused smile upon her lips as she crossed her arms over her chest.
“Miss Desiree, what on earth have you been up to, child?” Bessie moaned, with a shake of her head.
“I fell into the ocean,” Desiree stated with a giggle and Bridgett’s laughter joined her own.
Desiree proceeded to tell them her version of the story, while Bessie covered her mouth with her hand, shaking her head in disbelief over such a calamity and Bridgett laughed at the all too familiar chain of events.
“Come along, child,” Bridgett sighed at the end of the tale, starting for the stairs with a shake of her head. “Bessie, I believe a bath is in order.”
“Yes, indeed,” Bessie nodded in agreement, heading off toward the back of the manor but stopped short as the door opened again and Timothy sauntered in.
“Bessie!” he hollered and then saw her coming back toward him. “I believe I would like to have a bath,” he said grandly.
Bessie looked from his dirty, partially clad body to Desiree halfway up the stairs. Desiree leaned against Bridgett and the two were almost in tears with laughter.
The old nanny placed her hands upon her broad hips, her head wagging from side to side as she spoke to Tim. “Let me guess—you fell into the ocean?”
“No…” Tim grinned wickedly at Desiree. “I was pushed into the ocean!” He started up the stairs after her as if stalking his prey. “Isn’t that so Miss Chandelle?”
“With good cause, Master Colter,” Desiree said lifting her nose haughtily with a giggle. “With good cause.” Then she scampered up the steps with Bridgett, leaving him behind.



Chapter Thirty-Five


Bridgett selected a dressing gown from the armoire while watching Desiree putter about the room silently. At her dressing table, Desiree paused and Bridgett caught a glimpse of her face reflected in the mirror. She watched as Desiree closed her eyes, biting her lower lip, holding back tears.
“Let me unlace you, sweet,” Bridgett offered softly, moving up behind her.
Desiree wiped her eyes impatiently and smiled at Bridgett’s reflection.
“Sweet, you needn’t be so brave. Would you care to talk to me?”
Desiree turned around and embraced her, while the tears spilled over. “Oh, Bridgett. I have been such a fool. You were right about everything. I—I was so blind,” Desiree croaked. “Why did I not listen to you? Why did I believe him?”
“Oh my poor babe,” Bridgett crooned stroking Desiree’s tousled hair.
Desiree stepped back from Bridgett with a deep breath. “I shouldn’t bother you with all this. It is my own doing,” she said in apology, slipping off her soiled dress and accepting the robe Bridgett offered.
“Dear, you should…” Her words were interrupted by a light knock and she opened the door admitting three servants carrying large buckets of warm water.
Desiree turned her back, looking out the doors to the balcony until the tub had been filled and the maids departed. Bridgett returned her attention to Desiree but Desiree shook her head, gesturing to the waiting bath. “Bridgett, we can speak of this later. I would rather be alone for a time please.”
“Of course, but may I give you one tiny bit of advice?”
Desiree nodded reluctantly.
“Go to him. Tell him what you know and ask for his honesty on the matter. Do not allow this to go unresolved. You have never been one to hold in your feelings until this time and this man. You must not do so now.”
“You would have me humiliate myself and face the shame of his admittance to trifling with my affections? To have him laugh in my face and cast me aside?” she asked in disbelief. “It has always been you Bridgett, who rebuked me for my openness.”
Desiree stomped across the room, digging through her bureau drawers in search of a chemise. Flailing her arms in the air at her inability to locate them, she croaked, “Damn! Where are my shifts?”
Bridgett brushed her aside, locating the garments and laying out the chemise along with the other accessories needed for her bath. Desiree turned away silently, fighting to control her emotions and awaited any further comments from her nurse.
Bridgett made none until she paused before she departed, drawing Desiree’s attention. “Desiree, my dear, you must make up your own mind concerning this man. Just follow your heart and you may be surprised by what you find.” The door closed silently and Desiree was alone.

***

Desiree finished washing her hair and body, then lay back against the side of the brass tub and closed her eyes, enjoying the warm fragrant water. She slipped down, dunking her head under completely, listening to the silence of the water in her ears and wishing she could silence the thoughts racing through her mind as easily.
She emerged with her hair dripping small trails into the tub behind her and opened her eyes to be met by a velvety brown gaze peering at her from the foot of the tub.
“I was beginning to wonder if you were coming up for air,” Stephen said with a chuckle, as his eyes dipped to the portion of her breasts which were visible above the water line. He leaned his chin upon his hands resting on the rim of the tub and sighed, “Lord you are beautiful.”
Desiree slipped lower in the water, covering her bosom with her arms. “What are you doing here? How did you get in? Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?”
Stephen allowed his fingers to drag through the water. “I used the door.” He cocked his head in that direction. “You sound angry. You are, aren’t you?” he smiled sheepishly.
“Why don’t you just use the door once more and leave.” She gave him a withering glare.
The smile faded from his lips and he sobered. “I am so terribly sorry about this morning. I would like to explain.”
“No need!” Desiree cut him off. “You owe me no explanations.”
“Please, Desiree. I do owe you one. I would like to talk to you about Vanessa.”
She felt the panic rising. He was going to confess his long standing affair with that woman and she sat up to her neck in water unable to escape and avoid facing her fears.
“It does not matter to me,” she lied. “I do not wish to discuss it. Just leave please and allow me to bathe in peace.”
Stephen rose from the tub and enjoyed the view of her form beneath the water from his heightened vantage point. “I know you are upset and I understand that, but believe me Desiree, I had no idea she would be so vicious or crude.”
“I do not want to talk about it,” Desiree stressed again sharply.
Stephen watched her face and the unfathomable emotions fleeting across her features. The deep violet blue stare was piercing. He growled in frustration and turned away, moving across the room. Leaning against the door leading to the balcony, he crossed his arms over his chest and contemplated her silently.
“Tell me what you are thinking about, Desiree. Tell me what is on your mind.”
“I am thinking that I wish you would go and let me enjoy my bath!”
“You are being impossible! I am trying to apologize for the scene this morning!” he strode back to the tub and knelt beside her.
“You have apologized and I thank you for that, Captain—now leave!” she said hotly, taking up a bar of soap and glaring into his eyes as she began to lather an arm.
“Damn it!” he barked in frustration and slammed his hand against the rim of the tub, before rising and pacing before her. “Please talk to me!”
“I have nothing to say. I am quite fine, really!” Desiree assured with a brittle and unconvincing smile.
He came to an abrupt halt. “Oh?” he questioned with eyebrows raised in disbelief. He rolled the sleeve of his shirt up above his elbow. “Really? Well, we shall see…” he said bending at her side once more and dropping to one knee as he gently grasped her hair, tilting her head back as his mouth swooped down upon hers in a passionate kiss, while his hand dipped below the water to caress her body.
The reaction was immediate and Desiree fought with vengeance, grasping his hand and digging her nails into his wrist as she struggled to free her mouth from his. He withdrew as she pushed him away from her and he sat back upon his heels, rolling down his sleeve with a satisfied smile.
“Hardly the response I would have received a day ago. Admit it! You are mad! Furious at me for her comments!” he paused briefly, then spoke again with a voice raised in pitch and full of amazement. “And why is it you turned on me this morn? Had you given me a chance I would have responded to her questions and snide remarks but instead you attacked me with your words.”
Desiree ignored him, rinsing and standing up she wrapped a towel about her body and stepped from the tub, moving to the door. “Please leave, Stephen. I do not want to argue with you,” she sighed wearily.
He pushed the open door shut, glaring down into her eyes. “The hell I will! I am staying right here until we get this talked out. I cannot survive another dose of your hatred in this lifetime!”
“Very well, Stephen! Let’s talk about it shall we?” she hissed vehemently. “Tell me Stephen, how many times have you bedded that woman?”
His eyes narrowed but he made no response.
“What is this?” Desiree questioned with wide eyes. “Nothing to say now?”
A grin broke across his face and she was surprised to hear him chuckle. She wanted to slap that grin off his handsome face but she moved around him and crossed the room, dropping the towel and donning her chemise. He followed her across the room and turned her to face him.
“You are jealous! That’s it, isn’t it?” he asked softly, reaching out to touch her bare arm in a gentle caress.
“I am not jealous!” she snapped jerking away from his touch. “I asked you a very simple question and you refuse to answer it! Why is that, Stephen?”
“You have no reason to be. There is absolutely nothing between her and me,” he stated simply.
She wanted to claw his face and confront him with all that she knew. To tell him that she was aware of at least some of what he and Vanessa had shared in recent days. To inform him of all she had overheard at the shop, seen on the ship, on the lawn. But more than any of this, she wanted him to answer this question and admit the truth she was already certain of. His expression told her she would not receive an answer but an idea formed quickly as she probed his eyes and studied his handsome face. She remembered a time on the Windward when she had asked of his past and she remembered what had finally brought him to respond.
Her face softened and with a deliberately measured, seductive smile, she sighed as if resigning herself to defeat and moved across the room where she lay upon her bed facing him and draped her arm along her waist and hip. “I am waiting for your answer,” she said with a soft smile.
Stephen frowned, approaching the bed and stopping just short. He looked down at the soft alluring vision, suspiciously. “What is this, Desiree? What game are you playing now?”
“Game? Not I,” she laughed innocently. She slid over, giving him room to join her and then ran her hand up the inside of his thigh and was amazed by the rapid response of his body.
Stephen shook his head in bemusement but lay down beside her and tested her lips hesitantly. Desiree moved atop him as her lips clung to his and she caressed his body through his clothing. She pulled her shift over her head, letting it flutter to the floor and then shook her damp hair into a cascading mane that fanned about her body. She opened his shirt, caressing his chest with her breasts.
“Tell me, Stephen,” she urged softly. “Surely you can give it an attempt, a guess.”
“It doesn’t matter, Desiree,” he whispered. “It is only you I want.”
She realized that he was beginning to take control of the situation. He pulled her beneath him as his lips traced down her throat and his hands moved over her body possessively. She had not intended to make love with him, only entice him to admit and then cast him away but now he was in control and she had to bring him to a halt before it went too far.
“It is strange how she was so certain we had been intimate,” she whispered close to his ear. “What did she do to gain that bit of information if I can’t with this ploy?”
His caress ceased and he lifted his head to look into her eyes. “Ploy? That’s what this is? A ploy?” he chuckled harshly and moved to her side, glaring down at her. “Very well, Desiree. Yes, I have been intimate with her in my past. Are you happy now?”
Desiree smiled coldly and to his disbelief she rose from the bed and donned her shift.
“Oui, thank you for admitting it. Now please leave. I have nothing more to say to you.” She turned to her armoire and selected a dress, stepping into it and slipping it up over her shoulders, ignoring his presence completely.
He rolled out of the bed and crossed the room in one swift movement, grabbing her by the upper arms and turning her around. His grip was firm but did not cause pain and he studied her face closely. “Who do you think you are? What have I done that gives you just cause to pull something like that?”
“I need not answer to anyone for my actions,” she returned caustically. “But you must admit it worked, Monsieur. I received the answer I was after. Now release me.”
He did not respond to her request, instead the pressure grew uncomfortable. “God you can be so cold! You can put on any face you wish, just like that!” he roared, snapping his fingers. “From cold to hot and back to cold, all without a thought! Am I so readable? Gullible?” he didn’t wait for an answer but continued. “But of course I am. You know just how to toy with me don’t you? What is all this to you? What am I? What is that?” he raged, pointing to the bed sharply. “Just an amusing game to you?”
“Of course it is, Stephen!” she laughed. “A game we have both enjoyed playing but now I must bring it to an end.”
“What the hell does that mean?” he shouted, then with a disgusted shake of his head he chuckled. “Let me see if I have this straight. I came in here this afternoon to apologize for this morning because I felt responsible for exposing you to that scene, unintentional as it was, on my part. You tell me you are not upset and it does not matter and then from out of the blue you demand to know if I have ever bedded Vanessa Haines. You seduce me to receive the answer you want to hear and now you say our relationship is finished?”
“Very well, Stephen,” Desiree snapped, as tears brimmed in her eyes. “I have been enlightened tremendously in the past few days as to your habits and I do not intend to be taken for a fool. Your persuasive words from Nevis turned my head but no more. I no longer wish your attentions and as soon as Red informs me it is safe, I wish to leave for my home.”
“Enlightened by whom and on what habits? You cannot be serious!”
“Vanessa made it quite clear that she holds a place in your life and as soon as you have finished with me she will be reinstated in your bed where she is accustomed. From what I gather, incidents such as ours are a commonplace occurrence in your life.”
He was so stunned by her accusations that his hands dropped from her and she whirled away from him and crossed the room. Recovering himself, Stephen came up behind her and turned her to face him. Tears were coursing down her cheeks and she was unable to turn away as his hands held her arms, forcing her to look at him. “She told you this? When?”
“No, Stephen. Had she told me directly I might have taken it as a vicious lie. Her cutting remarks today attest to her talent for inflicting injury. I saw you, Stephen. I saw you kiss her at the Windward our first day in port. I saw you on the front lawn again in an embrace this very morning and I overheard her at the clothier speaking of the little fool who thought to capture your heart as had so many others and that she would bide her time until you grew tired of me and tossed me aside. Well, Stephen, it is you who have been tossed aside and now you are quite free to once more warm her bed.”
His face was a mask of rage as he barked, “You are my judge then, sentencing me without a chance to defend myself? Damn it Desiree, you are a fool to believe anything that deceiving bitch would utter. She is nothing to me! How can you be so blind?”
Desiree laughed bitterly. “And when next you are in her company you shall slander me I suppose to warm her heart toward you once more. No longer shall I be your fool, Stephen! If you wish, I shall leave at once, on the morrow if you desire! I can pack my things this very day, but if I stay until Red comes with news you may consider me merely a houseguest. Now release me, Captain Colter. Don’t touch me again.”
“You are wrong about everything, Desiree. What you saw is not what it appeared to be,” he growled, releasing her. “I give you my word.”
“It is no longer my concern whom you do or do not bed. From what I have heard, most of the women of this island have been treated to your talents so I am sure my small offering shall not be missed. I no longer wish my portion of your attentions and you may go elsewhere for your pleasure.”
She turned and fled, rushing down the hall to Bridgett’s room leaving Stephen standing alone in her suite.

***

When a resounding slam fairly rattled the windows in the front hall, Timothy came around the corner of the drawing room to find a servant staring at the closed study door. The maid looked to Tim’s questioning expression and shrugged her shoulders, going back to her dusting.
Tim knocked upon the door and received no response. He entered anyway to find Stephen seated at the desk glaring at him from under hooded eyes.
“Ahhh…would you care to talk?” Tim asked hesitantly, taking a seat opposite him.
“Nothing to talk about,” Stephen said stiffly, shuffling papers upon the desk.
Tim watched his face closely and knew that something was troubling him, that in face something had devastated him.
“Tim, I have to get away for a while.”
“Get away? You only just arrived.”
Stephen stood and strode across the room, pouring a drink for himself. “I was planning to send Phillips down to Saint George for supplies but I have decided to go myself. I am leaving in the morning.”
“And leave Desiree here?”
Tim rose and joined Stephen at the bar. Stephen ignored the question, emptying his glass and patting Tim upon the back. “I have to go see to the Windward. Don’t expect me tonight. I believe I shall stay on board. I plan on being off first thing in the morning.”
Stephen started to leave but Tim’s voice halted him half way out and he peered around the door, raising his brows questioningly.
“Stephen, Desiree was asking me about you and Vanessa today. Does this excursion have something to do with that?”
“This has to do with the fact that I have been taken for a fool once too often by Miss Chandelle but no more,” he winked, closing the portal soundly behind him.
Tim took a drink to the desk and sat down heavily, looking over the mountain of figures. Taking up a quill, he set to work, pondering that it was very odd for Stephen to leave so much bookwork unfinished.



Chapter Thirty-Six


Desiree waved in response to Timothy’s request that she join him on the back lawn and hurried from her balcony, through her bedchambers and along the hall to the front staircase. She stopped at the bottom of the flight when the front door opened and she was impaled by those dark-brown eyes. Stephen closed the door, pausing to stare at her for a moment longer and she could have been a stick of furniture for the lack of emotion he showed. He looked away first, moving around the staircase and disappearing within the study.
With a trembling release of her breath, Desiree touched her flaming face with her hands and proceeded around the stairs and out the door to the back lawn. It had been two days now since his return from the unexpected trip to Saint George, two unbearably long days, she mused. The week had seemed endless with his absence but now once more in his company, each day seemed an eternity. During the week she had passed the time doing whatever she could to keep her mind off of him and what had occurred between them which had caused him to leave. Now there was no escaping.
The party would be in but a few days and during his absence she, along with Bridgett, had done as he had suggested and paid a call at the clothier in town to have gowns made for the affair. The young woman who had assisted the seamstress had been plain and heavyset with a round face and mousy brown hair and Desiree knew by the voice that this was the one speaking with Vanessa that day. She was polite and Desiree was unaware if she knew who she was. She was very helpful and went over mountains of sketches and bolt after bolt of material as if delighted with the task.
Desiree had chosen a gown with Stephen in mind and now was thankful she had, for he had not spoken more than a courteous greeting to her and she had found no excuse she might use to speak with him. The words were all said before and she could not very well take them back. Still her mind worked feverishly trying to devise some way to mend the damage her vicious tongue had inflicted. Her only hope, frail though it may be, was the gown and the hope that perhaps it would catch his eye and entice him.
It was quite a departure for her. A bodice cut so low and off the shoulder that it was very revealing. The waist was cinched snug and the skirt less full than she was accustomed, showing more of her shape beneath. She had picked a gold crepe with matching satin ribbon that trimmed the entire gown, which was quite a daring choice. She was very pleased with the finished product and now the dress was in her room, readied for her assault. She could only wait for the party and pray it turned his head. She was going to act with her nature and beg his forgiveness if she could but have the chance.

***

Bessie flung the door wide and exclaimed excitedly, “Welcome home Captain, Madame.”
“Thank you, Bess. It is so wonderful to be home at last. I have had enough sailing to last me at least a year,” Margaret Colter sighed happily.
Bessie helped her out of her bonnet and then took her master’s tricorn and the three leisurely made their way to the drawing room.
“Please, Michael, a glass of wine. I am parched from the morning on deck,” Margaret requested, slumping onto a sofa while patting her windblown hair, which was arranged in a wispy pile of medium brown ringlets.
“Yes, my love,” Michael chuckled, pouring himself and his wife a glass and taking a seat beside her upon the sofa. “So Bess, tell us what has been going on around here in our absence. By the crowded lagoon I would venture to guess you have seen those two wild men.”
“Yes, sir. Both Stephen and Timothy are home at present. It seems they have taken a liking to staying in port. At least Timothy has. More than a month now he has been about.”
“Now that is hard to believe,” Margaret interjected with a shake of her head. “I don’t believe we have been able to keep them home for more than a week at the most in the last few years. Bessie, do I smell an unusually strong scent of lemon oil?”
“Yes, missus. We have been planning a ball for weeks now. Stephen and Tim thought it would be nice to have a gala and we have been waiting on your arrival. It shall be this weekend.”
“My goodness! A gala! And I have just the perfect gown. I had it made while in London,” Margaret laughed. “I don’t believe we have had a gala for at least a good year or more.”
“Quite right, my love. What has come over those two?” Michael questioned.
Bessie smiled sheepishly. “Well, it was my idea of course but I have an inkling that Miss Chandelle had a bit to do with their consent. You will meet her directly, I suppose. She came to the island with Stephen. She is French and my word what a beautiful girl she is. Both of the boys are quite taken with her,” she laughed with a wink of her eye.
“Now it all makes sense,” Michael drawled. “That explains everything.”
Bessie nodded in agreement. “Miss Chandelle and her nursemaid are staying with us indefinitely. They are awaiting word from a pir…well, I shall let Stephen tell you all of the circumstances. I think you will be quite surprised,” she snickered.
“I am anxious to meet this young woman who could keep those two at home,” Margaret marveled. “I had better go up and freshen before I do so. Bessie, would you have a bath drawn?”
“Right away, Missus Colter.”
Bessie headed off to make arrangements as Margaret mounted the stairs to the second floor and Michael Colter went in search of his sons.

***

Stephen pulled himself away from the study window where he was watching Desiree and Timothy put the birds through maneuvers on the back lawn. He took a seat at his desk with a heavy sigh, staring at the pile if figures before him. He rubbed his eyes, then leaned back and looked about the large lonely room.
The week away from the island had done nothing for his mood and the two days he had been home had been very hard to endure. He had left here determined to put Desiree out of his mind but it had proved to be more difficult than he had imagined it would be. He could find no peace for she was constantly in his thoughts. Instead, he had found himself trying to think of some way, any way to regain her. And for what purpose he argued with himself? She had intentionally made a fool of him with her seduction, or ploy as she called it. His anger flared every time he thought of it; anger at himself for acting the gullible fool. Besides, since his return she had seemed content enough with the way things were. At every meeting her mood was distant and cool, at least matching his indifferent regard.
Stephen stood from the desk and moved to the window once more, looking out at the yard. He saw Timothy standing behind Desiree with one arm about her waist and the other outstretched with hers as they waited for Alexander to alight. The parrot swooped down from the trees and landed upon her booted arm, clutching with sharp talons and Desiree turned her face to Tim with a happy smile. Tim grinned and gave her a fleeting kiss upon her cheek and Stephen felt the blood surge and his jaw tighten convulsively. Although it was an innocent gesture, it was a privilege and a closeness he again no longer shared with Desiree and the jealousy was constricting. As he watched, Desiree snuggled against Tim’s chest, then looked to the bird, stroking it gently and was obviously delighted with the experience. Then together, the two lifted their arms in unison and the bird flew for the trees. Tim released Desiree and removed the leather boot from her arm.
“So that’s the lady Bess has been telling us of.”
Stephen looked around with a start to find his father standing behind him looking out the window. Deep in his own thoughts, he had not even heard to door open. “When did you arrive?” he asked, grasping his father’s hand in a sound shake and clasping his shoulder in a brief embrace.
“Just a few minutes ago. Your mother is freshening up. She is a beauty, Stephen.” he declared smiling out at the two upon the lawn.
“Yes she is,” Stephen agreed, watching the two move toward the house.
“I see you have a mountain of work here. Care to fill me in? Perhaps I could help out with some of it.”
“Of course.” Stephen turned from the window, joining his father at the desk. “Somehow it has gotten away from me lately.”

***

Desiree and Bridgett entered the dining room with expectant smiles in place as this was their first meeting with their true hosts upon the island. Stephen made the introductions and he smiled at Desiree warmly as he presented her to his parents, hiding well his dislike for her, she mused. She and Bridgett exchanged pleasantries with the Colter’s and Michael Colter immediately exclaimed his disbelief over their circumstances which Stephen had related to him.
“And to think we can expect a visit from Captain Greaves! Well, it is just hard to imagine,” he chuckled. “Desiree dear, is it true you single-handedly captured the hearts of Greaves and every pirate at his command?”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Desiree disagreed softly, raising a questioning brow at Stephen. “I do claim them as friends without hesitation.”
“Having met you I can understand why Stephen said such. You are most enchanting,” Margaret piped up smiling warmly and taking Desiree’s hand in her own for a light squeeze.
“Michael, shall we all be seated?” Margaret suggested, gesturing to the table.
“Desiree, would you sit at my right?” Michael requested.
Desiree nodded her consent with a bright smile, taking his offered arm and all sat to dine. Stephen seated himself at the far end of the table to his mother’s left. Tim grabbed the spot beside Desiree and Bridgett was seated across from Stephen.
Desiree answered questions addressed by Michael Colter for the first few minutes of dinner, then sat quietly listening to tales of the Colter’s trip to England and felt a sad sense of loss as she listened to the bright conversation shared between Stephen and his family. Conversations like those she had once shared with him, she thought with regret.
She wondered about his kind smile during the introduction to his parents. Surely it was only for their benefit because were this just another night, dinner would have passed with him quiet and sullen, refusing conversation. She would have talked with Timothy and Bridgett and the three would have left Stephen to himself. Then he would have departed shortly after dinner, not to be seen again until morning.

***

The next morning, Desiree was sitting upon the porch swing pushing with a toe and setting the swing into motion. She closed her eyes for a moment enjoying the lulling effect when the front door opened and Margaret Colter emerged, outfitted in a casual dress and carrying a wicker basket containing a pair of gardening gloves.
“Good morning, Desiree,” she greeted her warmly.
“Good morning, Madame Colter.”
“Oh please, call me Margaret! No need for such formality,” she insisted, placing the basket upon the porch beside her and joining Desiree upon the swing with a contended sigh. “Smell that jasmine—just heavenly!”
After a few quiet moments Margaret patted Desiree’s hand. “I was about to take a stroll and gather some flowers. Would you care to join me?”
“Oui, I would,” Desiree consented with a nod, smiling happily.
Margaret stood. “It is nice having you about the house. Almost the daughter I never had. Usually I must stroll on my own,” she laughed.
Desiree gazed into the dark sable eyes, seeing so much of Stephen there. Although her hair was medium brown, where Stephen had inherited his father’s light locks, the eyes were definitely those of his mother. “I miss the walks I shared with my own mother,” Desiree confessed.
“It was a shameful loss,” Margaret said gently, placing an arm about Desiree’s shoulders as they started off across the front lawn. As they strolled, Margaret produced a pair of shears from her pocket and began collecting an assortment of fresh flowers, snipping the stems carefully.
“So you and Stephen shared quite an adventure,” she glanced up from where she knelt at a rose bed.
“Yes, I am very grateful to him for all he has done for me,” she replied honestly.
“That son of mine, he never fails to amaze me,” she admitted with affection, standing and inspecting her rapidly filling basket. “I have noticed a profound change in him this trip home.” She smiled at Desiree, fastening her with an amused expression. “You wouldn’t by chance have brought that about, would you?”
Desiree laughed nervously, expecting to receive the woman’s wrath for his foul mood. “I am sorry I…”
“Sorry!” Margaret interrupted, shaking her head and taking Desiree’s hand in her own. “My dear girl, I approve! My word he has been so congenial, more so than I have seen him in years!”
Desiree was astounded. His mood had been to say the least, subdued.
Margaret saw Desiree’s disbelief. “My dear, Stephen is an unusual man. Somewhere along the line he neglected to inherit any of my gift for gab or my passive nature. He did however inherit his father’s restless bent, even more so than his father actually, for Michael has always been a devoted homebody, a family man. Somehow Stephen has never needed anyone. He has been a sailor and out to sea since his fifteenth year and has never called even this island home. Content to sail about the world, doing Lord knows what!” she laughed. “His visits are always brief and without many words spoken. He is just home long enough to set his work in order and then he is off again. We—he, Michael and myself have never had much of a rapport but now, all at once, he is full of conversation!”
She looked toward the house and Desiree followed her gaze, seeing Stephen striding toward the stables. He waved and Margaret waved in return with adoration upon her face. “Oh he is a fine man,” she continued. “Decent and kind as they come but I have always thought his life seemed, I suppose I would have to say lonely.”
“Really?” Desiree asked in surprise. “I don’t mean to sound as though I am an authority on your son of course, but I have never known him to seem lonely and your other comments, he is so witty, carefree and even silly at times!” Desiree shrugged with a timid smile.
Margaret laughed, lifting her brows in doubt. “Now a word that would describe Stephen Colter would not be carefree! He is so businesslike at all times. His idea of carefree, his closest semblance to enjoyment would have to be the brawls! Lord how he does love a good fight.”
“He does?” Desiree asked in amazement. How could he be so different from what his own mother thought him to be? Or had he acted so witty and carefree for her benefit, acting contrary to his nature?
“You see, Desiree dear? You have changed Stephen tremendously and are not even aware of the fact,” Margaret laughed as they started off once more.

***

Another two days passed and it was then the day before the ball. Desiree sat at the dinner table with the Colter’s, Timothy and Bridgett, where Stephen was suspiciously absent. He was never about in the evenings but he always, at least, endured dinner in her presence. Desiree could not help but wonder where he could be tonight. Perhaps his dislike of sharing any time with her had now grown to include meals and he would go without or eat his evening fare in town in order to avoid her.
This night Desiree was not the best of company anyway. She could not seem to bring herself to even sample her meal and she felt her stomach churning with the aroma of her fare. Finally she had to excuse herself. Smiling weakly at Bridgett and assuring her that she would be fine, she bid a good night to the Colter’s, retiring to her rooms.
She entered her room with her stomach heaving and lay across her bed until the nausea passed and then rose, pouring cool water into the basin at her washstand; splashing her face and neck and patting herself dry with a towel. She strained to loosen the laces at the back of her gown, drew her shoulders forward and allowed the dress to slip to the floor, stepping out of it. Standing before the mirror, she slipped out of her underclothes tossing them across her bed and then studied her naked image.
Her violet eyes stared back at her, large and distinct. She tested the flesh of her slightly enlarged breasts which were firm and pale white in contrast to their rosy peaks. She loosed her hair, sending it tumbling to hang about her body, then turned to the side, looking into the mirror as her hand moved down over her flat stomach which, as of yet, gave no evidence of the child who grew within. She could no longer deny it to herself. She was pregnant. It was early yet, the second month just missed, but she knew. The swollen breasts, coupled with the months missed and the fits of nausea gave undeniable proof of that.
She donned a soft mint green satin gown with thin delicate straps and a low cut bodice, noting the tight fit over her bust and then sat upon a small settee, pulling her feet up beneath her. Her arm rested upon the back of the settee and she ran her fingers through the strands of hair at her temple, closing her eyes.
I have made a shambles of everything, she thought dejectedly and now it seemed she would pay dearly. How could she have thrown Stephen into the arms of another woman so thoughtlessly? He might well be with Vanessa this very moment and she had no one to blame but herself for that.
Her mind wandered back over the last bitter conflict they had shared before his leaving for Saint George and she felt almost physically ill thinking about all she had said and done that day. He had come to her room to apologize for that woman’s behavior when he had done nothing to apologize for. He had sworn to her that nothing was between he and Vanessa and she had chosen to ignore every word he said and cast him away.
She thought now of telling him of the babe but quickly decided against it. That would be a trap and she would not try and force him into marriage. He might even offer, although no mention of marriage had come up except for their discussion while still on the Windward and then again, he might well laugh in her face and cast her away. She would not blame him if he did but she could not stand the pain; if she were to go to him, only to have him deny any responsibility for his own child. To bear his child with the knowledge that he hated her and his offspring would be too devastating. No, she would rather he not know. She would go home to France and bear her bastard alone rather than have the echoing memory of his laughter in her ears.
She would make an effort tomorrow night to speak with him and mend their differences and if she could somehow heal the wounds, only then would she tell him of the baby. She knew him and had once had his trust and gentler side. She must find that side of him once more or she would keep her secret forever. If she could break through that wall which had been constructed between them, she vowed she would declare her love for him and give him once more all they had shared in the past. Vanessa Haines and all the others could go to the devil! Stephen would be so exhausted by the love and passion she would shower upon him that he would not have the energy to seek out another. She loved him. She carried his child. Surely those were reason enough to swallow her pride and make a last effort to reconcile.
Desiree stood from the settee and moved out of her rooms, walking onto the balcony and looking out on the darkening lawn as the night closed in. She felt exhilarated and sat contentedly in a chair to watch the sun shine its last rays upon the island. She whispered aloud, “You shall be mine once more Stephen, and I shall not take any less than your complete love.”



Chapter Thirty-Seven


It was a little after two when Desiree was awakened by the sound of a thud and a curse. She sat up in bed and the moonlight illuminated a slightly staggering Stephen heaving himself from the chair he had apparently tripped over, falling sideways into the seat. He moved toward the bed once more in a slow deliberate stride, pausing when he saw that she was sitting up, watching him.
“Don’t just sit there! Light a candle, blast it! I have a few things to say and I want to see your face when I say them.”
He was obviously drunk and Desiree hurried to obey his command, determined to belay his ire. The candle flickered light across his face and the glazed eyes told of an abundance of drink this night. He came closer, leaning a shoulder against the bedpost and loosened his stock, watching her intently. She sat back against a pillow and patted the bed next to her, offering him a seat. He did not move. His face was totally void of expression.
Stephen relished the sight of the well filled gown and the satiny flesh exposed to his gaze and then he leaned his head against the bedpost and grinned foolishly.
Desiree smiled softly in return, waiting expectantly for some remark. She thought he might actually be in a jovial mood after all until he opened his mouth to speak.
“There she sits, all sweet and beckoning. Hoping I will play her game another hand. Tsk…Tsk…sorry to disappoint you my dear but I no longer wish to play.” The grin dropped and was replaced in an instant by a deadly glare. “I told you once I was not a young boy willing to admire you from afar and now I wish to God I had been! You seem to enjoy having me grovel at your feet, constantly spouting forth, soothing your fears and insecurities! Tell me Desiree, who is to sooth mine?” he thumped his chest soundly and laughed. “But then that seems not to concern you in the least! You grace me with your charm and supposed warmth, baring those silken breasts and spreading those lovely thighs to admit me at your leisure but the slightest provocation, whether the circumstances are truth or misunderstanding and you recall that charm, that warmth and deny me any right to you without a thought. Just like that!” he snapped his fingers.
“Stephen, please…”
“Be quiet!” he cut her off sharply, slamming a hand against the bedpost and causing the entire bed to jolt. “I did not come here to listen to a word you have to say! This is my turn and you will be quiet,” he hissed.
Desiree shrank back in the bed, fearing physical harm at his hand for the first time since she had known him.
“I am not some dumb animal! Do you think me some mindless beast who you may lead about? Who will stop and perform at your command and then allow you to set me aside at your whim? I must be…” he answered himself chuckling softly, “because you have me well trained. Do you know where I have been this night?” he raised his brows with an expression of a joke forthcoming. “To see Vanessa! Oh I thought that for the sentence I had received I should have at least committed the crime.”
He moved to sit on the edge of the bed with a heavy sigh and reached out to pat her leg covered by her comforter and winked. “You will be sorry to hear that I have yet to see the deed done.” He laughed as if it extremely amusing and looked across the room, avoiding her eyes. “Believe it or not I could have had her easily. She opened to me as a flower to a honeybee but—and I am sure you will find this very amusing my dear—I couldn’t. In fact, I couldn’t even bring myself to shed my blasted suit coat! So I thought to myself, I am not going to let you prevent me from easing my need, so I drank up my courage and visited a quite beautiful woman I have frequented often in the past…” He glanced at Desiree and laughed at her concerned expression. “She fell asleep waiting for me. So, my sweet, as much as I would have liked to oblige, I am still innocent of the crime. You see? You have me well trained, so very well…” His voice trailed off softly and he leaned his elbows upon his knees, rubbing wearily across his face with his hands.
“Stephen, please forgive me for all I said and did!” she begged softly, leaning forward to touch his shoulder.
He pushed Desiree’s hand away as his eyes fell to the white flesh of her breasts pressing above her gown. He staggered to his feet and stood beside the bed and in his voice, was amazement. “Mother of God, you reach for me and I come to life! A look at your form and my passion flares!” He watched her eyes fall to the evidence of his words. “But no more, Desiree! I don’t need you. I have never needed any one woman. I have bedded scores and there are countless others who would willingly succumb to me! So play your games with another, my dear; find another fool for I have grown so very weary.”
“Please listen to me, Stephen. I am sorry. I have been an utter fool! I believe you were telling me the truth,” she said, standing from the bed and slipping her hands behind his neck, molding to his frame. “Please forgive me.”
He untwined her arms from him, setting her away. “I don’t give a damn if you believe me! What difference does that make? It’s only a game!” He moved away from her, but then moved toward her once more, grasping her arms and pulling her close, looking deeply into her eyes. “You shall have your wish—a guest in my home—nothing more! I will not touch this precious body of yours that you so enjoy taunting and punishing me with,” he released her. “Now the games are all finished and we are both the losers, Desiree. You have lost your dumb beast and I, well I should thank you actually, for I have learned an invaluable lesson. I will not give myself into the hands of another only to be persecuted unjustly again. Thank you for the kind lessons, my sweet.”
He turned and left the room, leaving the door wide and Desiree closed it behind him, collapsing against it with a sob. What had she done? She had found the love of her life and had driven him away forever. She had been toying with him, playing those same games that she had always detested. It was completely against her nature and she could not seem to stop herself. She had been open and honest with every man she had ever known until Stephen. How could she not have been so with him when so much depended upon it?
He had so often spent his efforts forever soothing her fears and he was correct, she had never done the same for him. Now he hated her and she would be a guest in his home and nothing more and he would no doubt go back to his own world, finding others willing to accept him.
She could not hide much longer the child she carried and then what? She would not allow him that knowledge. She would have a bastard before trapping him into marriage, entering yet another game. No, it was time to let go and set him free. She could not leave at once, it would have to be after the party. She would not make their conflict obvious to his family by leaving so abruptly. She would wait a few days and make her plans.



Chapter Thirty-Eight


Clouds drifted lazily across the sky and from their location atop the bluffs, Desiree and Tim admired them as well as the graceful seabirds which dipped to the gently rolling surf, then soared back up into the sky with their catch clutched tightly in beaks or talons. The air, which was warm and balmy with just a hint of stirring, was very mild for early November.
As Desiree sat silently beside him, Tim decided to broach the subject of her obvious melancholy. “Desiree, I don’t know what exactly has passed between you and Stephen but I am not blind. Would you care to confide in me?” he offered sheepishly.
Desiree felt a rush of emotion toward this good looking man who reminded her so much of Stephen. But where Stephen’s eyes had been sometimes hard to read, Tim’s sparkled with the merriment of his irrepressible personality.
“Tim, I don’t know that I wish to share it with anyone. I don’t understand it all myself,” she admitted with a dejected shrug.
“Well, if you want to share it with someone I am here for you and you can count on my discretion,” he assured with a nod and a wink.
“Stephen has changed a great deal recently, hasn’t he?”
Tim chuckled. “To put it mildly. Here I was just growing accustomed to his happy smiling face and now he has changed yet again.”
“Oh, Tim. I have been such an idiot. He and I do not speak anymore and he avoids me at every turn. Then I had a visit from him last night, in the middle of the night. We had a terrible fight. I think it might be best if I just make my plans and leave for home…I must leave.”
“No! You cannot leave! So things have not worked out between you and Stephen, you must still think of your own safety. You are most welcome here by me obviously. I have never had a more beautiful and congenial cohort and my parents adore you. Stephen will come around. I know he cares for you a great deal,” he assured.
“It is not so simple, Tim. You just don’t understand.”
“True, I don’t. So you and Stephen have had a falling out. Perhaps it is a difference you cannot resolve but the fact remains that you were brought here by Stephen in an agreement with Captain Greaves and that, you must remember, still remains true. I am sure the captain will be here soon, surely within the next few months and he will expect to find you here.”
“I know all that but…” she paused, seeing Tim frown in obvious confusion, unable to understand her motives. “Tim, can I have your oath that what I tell you shall go no further, that what I tell you in confidence you will keep to yourself?”
Tim searched her face for a moment quizzically and then nodded with the solemn oath of crossing his heart and pointing heavenward.
Desiree smiled warmly and then with a deep breath began. “I have made so many stupid mistakes concerning Stephen. I have brought him much unhappiness and he hates me, Tim. He honestly does and I simply cannot stay here any longer because—I am pregnant,” she whispered, looking into his eyes for a reaction. “Two months gone,” she added.
He grinned broadly. “Desiree, that is wonderful! You must tell him!” he wrapped an arm about her shoulders with a gentle squeeze.
Desiree shook her head emphatically. “I shall not tell him and that is why I must have your word. You must keep this to yourself.”
“But he will discover it eventually anyway, you know. You cannot keep a thing like that secret for long,” he chuckled.
“I am going to leave right away, within the week. It must be soon before it becomes evident,” Desiree said with a tear slipping down her cheek.
“But Desiree, this is the perfect solution to your problem! Don’t you see? Tell him. Just go to him and tell him. Stephen may be angry as you have said but he would never deny responsibility for his own child.”
“No!” Desiree said with a groan as her tears fell in earnest. “Don’t you see? Can’t you understand? I will not allow this baby to be a shackle about his neck nor to force him into something he does not want. I am leaving and that is certain and now that you know my reasons, I am depending upon you to back me on this when the time comes.”
Tim pulled her against him and into his arms. “Shhhh, don’t cry. I wish you would reconsider your plan and I think you are making a mistake in not telling him but I swear I shall keep your secret.”
Desiree hugged him to her. “Merci,” she whispered.

***

Vanessa stopped her steed, hiding behind lush grasses as her eyes watched the happenings on the bluffs above. “What have we here?” she said aloud to herself.
She remained motionless as she watched Desiree and Timothy. They appeared to be very friendly. She gasped as Tim leaned close and pulled the raven-haired woman into his arms. Not enough that she has Stephen, Vanessa mused, now the little tramp is starting up with his own brother. The hug was long and when the young woman pulled back she kissed Timothy upon the cheek. They discussed something more and then shortly they rose, leaving the bluff arm in arm.
Vanessa pondered what this new twist coupled with Stephen’s unexpected visit last night could mean. Could the stupid girl actually be taken with Timothy and have thrown Stephen aside? That seemed hard to imagine but given Stephen’s behavior last night, she knew that something had definitely gone awry.
She had been surprised and happy to find Stephen standing outside her front door last night when she had answered an impatient knock.
“I hear your father is out of town. Care for some company?” he had asked rakishly, entering without waiting for her response.
She had wasted no time denying him but instead had welcomed him with open arms. Oh, she recalled wistfully, it had started out so well. He had scooped her into his arms heading for her bedroom, while engulfing her in a flaming kiss. But after she had undressed and lay waiting for him to join her upon her bed, something very odd had occurred. A strange look had come over him and with a curse he had stormed out of her room and the house as abruptly as he had arrived, leaving her laying there naked and burning for his touch without relief.
It had been so humiliating, she thought with renewed rage and now she pondered with her quick mind how she might use what she had just witnessed between Timothy and that twit to her advantage without vexing Stephen and ruining her plans of winning him. The party tonight! She may just have to accidentally let her knowledge of this little tryst slip out within Stephen’s earshot. With a lighthearted giggle, Vanessa turned her mount and rushed along the sandy coast toward home.



Chapter Thirty-Nine


It was near nightfall and the drapes at the balcony doors of Desiree’s chambers billowed from a cool sea breeze. She could hear voices and laughter below on the back veranda and the occasional distant rumble of a carriage coming to a stop at the front drive. Gentle strains of chamber music filtered from the ballroom at the back of the manor, calming and soothing, but not so for Desiree. She touched her cheeks feeling the chill of her fingers; her nerves were on edge.
Bridgett stood behind her weaving golden ropes through her braided tresses falling in a neat plait down her back and smoothing wispy ringlets into place. Desiree watched the progress in the mirror and then moved her attention to her own face and pinched her cheeks to bring up some color, which was lacking at the moment. She bit her lip nervously, smoothed the golden gown over her waist and adjusted the shoulders until uniform. She tested a smile at her reflection but the attempt was stiff and lacked conviction.
Bridgett stood back to survey her work and gestured with her hand for Desiree to turn about. Desiree complied and Bridgett sighed, clasping her hands before her. “Desiree, you look more beautiful than…” she laughed. “I don’t even know. I am speechless.”
Desiree studied her own reflection as she turned once more and then frowned, taking up a flask of perfume and dabbing at her neck and wrists. “Merci, Bridgett. Well I suppose you have done all that you can for me. It is time to face my worst fears, one might say,” Desiree declared with more merriment than she felt.
Bridgett nodded and took Desiree’s hands in her own. “Just remember dear, don’t let him see you upset and don’t allow that woman to put you ill at ease. You shall outshine her as the sun to the moon.” Bridgett touched her chin. “Now, head high sweet.”
Bridgett is unaware of the consequences of this night, Desiree thought with relief. If by some miracle Stephen were to make an effort, Bridgett would soon learn the secret which Timothy alone held. If the night played out as she now suspected, then she would wait until well away from this island before allowing Bridgett knowledge of the child.
Hiding her condition from Bridgett to this point had proved to be no difficulty. The changes in her body were more a feeling within herself rather than a change in appearance. Being quartered separately, it had been simple enough to hide most of the symptoms including the missed monthly cycles and bouts of sickness and for this, she was thankful.

***

Desiree moved with Bridgett down the front stairs, looking to the formal dining room and calling a greeting to Bessie who was dressed in a crisp white uniform and was overseeing the setting out of the feast guests would dine upon throughout the evening. Arrangements of tropical flowers graced the center of the long table in intervals and the usually subdued lighting was brilliant with the chandelier aglow.
Margaret Colter stood at the front hall greeting guests as they descended and she turned as the eyes of Stephen’s first officer, Davison, studied something just over her shoulder and his conversation faltered. Desiree smiled hesitantly at Davison but her smile lifted when Margaret gestured her forward.
“Oh Desiree and Bridgett! You both look lovely. Absolutely gorgeous!” Margaret marveled, clasping Desiree’s hand in her own.
“Thank you, Margaret and I must return the compliment. You look exquisite,” Desiree said squeezing her hand lightly and admiring her stunning gown of burgundy velvet. It brought to mind the gown she had owned of almost the same shade and which had been put to rest at sea. She wondered if it reminded Bridgett also, for she had never missed the gown. If so, she could admit to its demise at this late date.
“Davison, how have you been, sir? I have not seen you since our arrival.”
“Miss Desiree, I have been just fine. Became a father again just last week. A son,” he smiled proudly.
“How wonderful for you. And your wife? How did she fare?” Desiree questioned with polite concern.
“She is just fine. Not a bit of trouble. Of course, she did not feel up to this sort of festivity yet but she has done well. You must come have a look at little John Henry,” Davison offered.
“John Henry. A fine name.”
“Aye.”
A couple approached behind Davison and Margaret smiled at him warmly. “Excuse me for interrupting John, but would you care to see Desiree and Bridgett in? I am sure that everyone is most anxious to meet our newest residents.”
“My honor, Madame Colter,” Davison consented with a happy grin, offering his arms to each lady. “Ladies, if you would allow me.”
Desiree felt more at ease with an escort but that ease fled quickly upon crossing the threshold of the ballroom. Stephen stood close to the entrance, conversing with a group of men and as they entered, his companions’ eyes came to the door and Stephen turned to see where their attention strayed. Desiree smiled softly at the group as her eyes locked with Stephen’s and she could not seem to pull them away.
He was dressed in a dark midnight-blue which set his hair off to a molten gold and accentuated his tall lean frame. The white shirt and stock brought out the deep tan of his face. He looks magnificent, she thought.
Stephen turned away first and the group of men nodded at Desiree and smiled with apparent appreciation of her attire until Stephen prodded them back into their conversation. Desiree could feel tears welling up and she had been in his presence only one short moment. She wondered how on earth she was going to manage an entire evening. Her eyes darted about the room barely seeing the bright dresses of the women and the fine suits of the men about her. She tried to concentrate on the music from the musicians at the far side of the room as they started up a soft melody and couples gathered on the floor to dance beneath the shimmering glow cast by lighted chandeliers.
“Would you honor me with the first dance?” a friendly voice asked grandly near Desiree’s side, taking her hand in his.
Desiree looked up into the hazel eyes of Stephen’s father as he awaited her reply. He was very distinguished looking in dark-brown with a gold trimmed waistcoat. She smiled, relieved to have the awkward moment brought to an end. With thanks to Davison and a glance at Bridgett for her assurance, she took Michael Colter’s arm and allowed him to lead her to the dance floor. She was miserable but was determined not to make that truth known to Stephen’s father. He was an excellent dancer and as they swirled gaily about the room, she caught sight of Stephen watching them. She tried not to notice, talking lightly with Michael and keeping her mind filled with other thoughts.
The interlude reminded her of dances at her home when she and her father would take to the floor and it seemed like only yesterday. They had been gone now for over six months and she wondered what they would think of the person she had become. She had changed so, in only a few short months’ time. And mostly for the worse, she thought. If she could only have the opportunity, she might reverse a few of those changes but by Stephen’s attitude she doubted she would have her chance this night to make amends.
As they danced, a very dapper Timothy in a stunning forest-green suit approached them. He politely tapped his father upon the shoulder.
“Mind if I cut in?”
Michael frowned at his son with feigned annoyance. “Of course I mind. I happen to be dancing with the most beautiful woman in the room and you expect me to give her up to you?” he quipped with a chuckle.
“Well then, I see a beautiful creature entering the room. Perhaps I shall claim her first dance,” Tim said starting off.
Michael looked to the door and his wife, and Desiree saw the sparkle of love in Michael’s eyes. “Timothy, come back,” he beckoned. “Desiree, my sweet, I suppose I must send you among the wolves at some point this eve, sooner than I thought it seems.”
“Thank you very much,” Tim interjected.
“But I think I should go and see about a dance with that lovely lady at the door before she is stolen away from me.”
“Fear not, Michael, I understand,” Desiree assured.
“I will take over here so go on ahead,” Tim urged, trying to hurry his father on his way with a wave of his hand.
“Thank you for the dance, my dear.” Michael bowed over Desiree’s hand with a kiss.
“My pleasure,” Desiree barely was able to say before Tim scooped her into his arms, starting across the room leaving his father behind.
Tim grinned foolishly down into Desiree’s face and she bubbled happily. “What is on your mind? I can see something brewing behind that silly smile.”
“You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. My brother is a fool or perhaps insane would be more accurate,” Tim declared, pulling her close and swinging her about.
“You should have seen the deadly glare I received from him on my entrance. I nearly burst into tears and would have had your father not approached. I might have gone blubbering up to my room for the entire evening.”
“I saw. I do not think that was a deadly glare. A painful longing would better describe his expression. Are you going to tell him tonight?” he whispered confidentially.
“No! I told you that I am not going to tell him, Timothy and I told you all my reasons earlier today. Please do not try to play matchmaker or pressure me into that. It would be disastrous! You simply do not understand. He hates me. He can’t even stand the sight of me,” she assured softly with a tremble in her voice.
Tim pulled back, looking down into her eyes. “Don’t you dare cry! I won’t speak of it again, just don’t start crying,” he winced as if pained. “Come along, let’s get a glass of champagne. That might cheer you up.” He took her hand and led her to the bar at the far side of the room.
Tim placed the delicate crystal flute into Desiree’s hand and smiled softly. “Now this is your first,” he whispered. “One more and that is all. Understand?” he questioned as his eyes flitted downward briefly and Desiree nodded, touching his arm with affection.
Desiree raised the drink to her lips and her eyes scanned the crowd and again Stephen’s gaze pierced her and the depths of his dark eyes were unreadable. He downed his drink and then raised the glass toward her in a silent salute. She was not sure what the gesture meant but before she had time to ponder it, Vanessa sauntered up to Stephen and he turned his attention to her. Vanessa was dressed in a soft teal gown covered in delicate lace and a décolletage which at least matched her own for daring. Vanessa raised on her toes, whispering something in Stephen’s ear and Desiree turned away giving her attention to Tim and the young man he was in conversation with and she listened to them intently, trying to occupy her mind.
A moment later, she felt a light touch at her elbow and turned to look up at the tall, slim frame of Captain Anderson.
“I thought that was you,” he said with a smile and questioning eye.
“Why Captain Anderson, how are you, sir?” Desiree exclaimed.
“What on earth are you doing here, Miss Chandelle? I thought your destination was the colonies,” he laughed. “Stephen neglected to mention you were here, although I cannot imagine how that could slip his mind.”
“Captain, I am afraid the story would take the majority of the evening to relate.”
“Well then I suppose I must speak with Stephen on that. Might I ask for a dance?”
“It would be an honor,” Desiree agreed with a nod, taking Tim’s hand and pressing her empty glass into it. He turned from his conversation.
“Leaving me?” he asked with a pout.
“Afraid I have had a better offer,” Desiree teased, with a giggle.
Tim laughed and nodded at Anderson. “Take it easy with this lady, she is to be pampered,” he smiled sweetly in the face of Desiree’s black scowl. She turned back to Captain Anderson with a ready smile in place and took his offered arm.
After leaving Timothy, it seemed that she went from one dance partner to another in rapid succession. Her only contact with Bridgett for the entire evening was a brief conversation as they filled their plates for dinner and an occasional word as they passed one another coming or going from the dance floor. Bridgett as well as she went from Ham, to Davison, to Harper, to a host of seaman they had become friendly with on the Windward and many who were new to them.
Desiree noticed Stephen from time to time in the company of different women, whirling about the floor and appearing to have an enjoyable time at it. However, as the night wore on she saw him more often alone at the bar and he seemed to hold an empty glass more often than a full one.
It was late in the evening when Desiree felt a need for a break from the dancing and moved to the veranda doors, looking out onto the back lawn. The scene was awash in the soft light thrown by colored hanging lanterns. She was able to make out some of the guests clustered in groups about the grounds chatting, while others sat upon the benches placed about the clipped yard, sharing intimate conversations. Desiree moved out into the beckoning cool evening air and leaned against the railing, looking to the clear sky and the half-moon which further lightened the night.
Bridgett said I would outshine Vanessa as the sun to the moon but I have not yet been able to emit even a candle's brilliance, she thought dejectedly. With a whispering sigh, she turned to take a seat upon a small settee against the manor and gasped audibly when she saw that Stephen already resided there. He was alone and by the three empty glasses beside him, she surmised that he had been there for some time and she had intruded upon his solitude without realizing. She started to walk past him and return to the ballroom but he rose, grasping her hand as she passed and pulling her gently to a halt. He smiled warmly and she could tell that he was in high spirits, but then she had incorrectly thought the very same last night.
“Miss Chandelle, I must tell you that you look ravishing.” He bowed deeply over her hand, placing a kiss there.
“Merci and you look most dashing this evening,” she replied softly, unsure of what his mood might yet reveal.
He touched his stock and chuckled. “Might I interest you in a walk about the grounds?” he gestured a wide sweep, taking in the yard and then his eyes met hers. “Please?”
Desiree’s heart raced and she smiled with new hope mounting. “Yes, I would love to.”
Stephen walked with his hands loosely clasped behind his back and Desiree fell in step beside him, keeping a slight distance between them. They moved across the lawn and stopped near the pool. Stephen reached to touch the water, sending rings rippling across the smooth surface, then straightened up and turned to her.
“I wish to apologize for my behavior last night, Desiree. It was uncalled for and I deeply regret it,” he admitted without looking into her eyes. “I seem to be forever apologizing to you for one thing or another, from the first day we met as a matter of fact.” He gazed at her warmly then and gave a heavy sigh.
“I also have much to apologize for. I wish we could find time to sit quietly and discuss matters without ending in a war of words,” Desiree answered honestly and clasped her hands together to halt the trembling which possessed them.
“I looked for you this afternoon in hopes of just that, but was unable to find you.”
“Oh…I was out walking with Tim.”
Stephen nodded. “I saw him upon your return. He was being very cryptic, grinning from ear to ear. No explanation except to say that you had made his day. What was he talking about?” He cocked his head with curiosity, waiting for an answer.
Desiree had her last shred of composure take flight. She stood stock-still and he frowned in confusion, waiting patiently.
“Well…” she shrugged her bare shoulders and reached out to touch the pool of water, stalling for a few more moments to think of a response. “I—I don’t know why he would say something like that,” she lied. Timothy is going to get a few choice words for that slip, she thought angrily.
Stephen let her uneasiness go without comment, deciding instead to get on to more important matters. “Desiree, I need to tell you something. And if you would please just allow me to get this out before you respond…”
“There you are, Stephen,” a honey sweet voice purred.
Stephen turned to see Vanessa approaching.
“I have been looking all over for you. You promised me a dance and then you disappeared.” She looked to Desiree coolly. “Good evening, dear. How are you?” she asked and then turned her attention back to Stephen before Desiree could even open her mouth to reply. “Stephen, would you please come dance? The evening is nearly over and you did promise,” she reminded him while hanging on his arm possessively.
“I am afraid not, Vanessa. I am very much occupied at the moment,” Stephen replied while looking to Desiree with a warm smile and disengaging himself from Vanessa’s grasp.
Desiree saw this as an opportunity for a substantial step forward and she smiled at Vanessa and then turned her attention to Stephen. “Please, go on Stephen. If you promised you must not break your word. We will have the entire night to continue our conversation after the guests have gone.” She smiled and saw his face light up as he appreciated the definite invitation.
Desiree decided to set Miss Haines back a pace and she lifted on her toes, placing a gentle lingering kiss upon Stephen’s mouth. The contact set both she and Stephen aback more than either of them could have imagined. Desiree felt thankful for the dim light, which masked the obvious passion she knew was burning between them. She excused herself with a few soft words and hurried off across the lawn toward the manor.
“Come along, Vanessa. The music awaits,” Stephen said brightly, pulling her along by her elbow in Desiree’s wake.

***

Stephen guided Vanessa about the dance floor but she felt as if, no she knew she did not have his full attention, in fact, she barely felt as if he were aware of her presence. His eyes averted toward Desiree constantly as she also took to the dance floor with Timothy. Vanessa noted Stephen was actually happy, when for most of the evening a dark mood had shadowed his features, and it infuriated her how he could be so completely taken with that French woman.
“She is quite lovely, Stephen,” she remarked, looking back over her shoulder to observe Desiree and Tim as they danced across the room opposite them. She was not really seeing them at all, for her mind was moving ahead now, laying out her next words. It was time for her assault and she had to be convincing. “I can see why you are so taken with her. She is charming I must admit.”
Stephen looked slyly down into Vanessa’s eyes. “My dear, I have never known you to be so gracious with compliments where other women are concerned. What has come over you?” he asked suspiciously with a raised eyebrow.
“Why, Stephen! You wound me deeply. I know that we disagree upon your choice. I would much rather be in her shoes, I will not deny it. You know well enough my feelings for you by what occurred last night or I should say by what did not occur,” she sobered and paused intentionally.
“Last night was a terrible mistake on my part, Vanessa.”
“I understand,” she interrupted. “Stephen, I was there today.” A tear slipped from her eye on cue and she quickly wiped it away as if annoyed. “I saw the passion you feel for one another, even from the distance I could tell how very much you love her. I did not mean to watch, I left as soon as I realized you were making love. Please forgive me.”
She looked up sadly into his eyes to see the confusion and flames smoldering. She nearly lost her nerve to continue as his wrath for her lies might well be brutal but then she could always claim innocence, blaming the distance for the distorted scene.
“And where was this, my dear?” he asked suspiciously, doubting her words totally.
“Why on the bluffs of course, facing the ocean! Do you mean to tell me you flounced about in that state of undress at other locations about the island today?” She looked up at him coyly as if a bit embarrassed and shocked. She could see the rage beginning to take hold. The muscle twitched along his jaw and she could feel his arms tensing. She had to make sure he understood exactly and she fired her last volley. “I could not mistake the black hair of Miss Chandelle but you know,” she giggled as if nervous, “I could have sworn, even from the distance, that you had perhaps lost weight. Your build looked a bit slimmer than what I recall of you in your unclothed splendor. Are you taking care of yourself, Stephen?” she crooned, lightly rubbing the well defined muscle along his ribs and feeling the solid strength there, while concern for his well-being showed upon her face. She could see it all clicking within his mind. It was all coming together now and his deadly gaze turned to Tim and Desiree as they glided about the dance floor.
Tim was holding Desiree possessively and whispering softly in her ear. No wonder Tim had told me Desiree had made his day, he thought through a shroud of black rage, and no wonder Desiree had been so uncomfortable with my questions earlier. With a stilted motion he came to a stop and without looking into Vanessa’s eyes, he spoke softly. “Please excuse me for a moment, Vanessa. We will need to finish this dance a bit later.”
Stephen released her and started away, while Vanessa smiled gleefully, turning with a light step and crossing the room to join the crowds along the border of the dance floor where she would have a better view of what might transpire.

***

Desiree giggled playfully hugging Tim. “Oh Tim, you were so right. I honestly think this may work out after all.”
Tim chuckled and hugged her close. “You just must have patience and problems will usually work themselves out.”
Tim swung her about and as Desiree looked out over the room, she saw Stephen striding toward them with purpose. His eyes fastened on her and the smile slowly waned from her lips. She felt a cold chill up her spine. Something was wrong, terribly wrong.
“Desiree, I would like a word with you—outside,” he rasped quietly.
“Stephen, wait until the dance is over!” Tim scolded with a laugh, turning to take the first look at his brother and his face sobered as well. The glare of death Stephen shot him made him recoil.
“Tim, you had better stay the hell out of this and get the hell out of my way or by God I will lay you low right here and now.”
Timothy knew he meant every word and even though he also knew Stephen could easily knock his head off without much effort, he would not back down to him in most cases. The thought of the room full of guests and the fact that his parents would not appreciate a brawl in the midst of their party though caused him to think better of it and relent. He released Desiree and Stephen took her by the arm, none too gently, and headed out the veranda doors.
Once out on the back grounds, Stephen came to an abrupt halt and pulled Desiree around to face him. The light from the lanterns brought the evil glare upon his face into bold relief and tears sprang up in Desiree’s eyes although she knew nothing of what had brought him to this state.
“I was dancing just now with Vanessa,” he began, releasing his hold on her arms for fear he might do her some bodily injury and he began to pace before her with hands held in restraint behind his back, “when she informed me of her happiness that I had found a woman I cared for so deeply. She told me she could tell how much I cared for you by what she had witnessed today from some vantage point near the bluffs.”
“No!” Desiree gasped as her hand flew up to her mouth and terror gripped her. Had Vanessa witnessed she and Tim’s innocent embrace and kiss and taken it for something more.
Stephen caught her surprised motion and the painful realization that it was true hit him. He had hoped it had been a catty lie but Desiree’s reaction told him all he needed to know. Vanessa had spoken the truth.
“It is true isn’t it?” he hissed, grasping her again and Desiree cried out from the bite of his hands upon her upper arms.
“It is true, Stephen. Tim and I were on the bluffs today,” Desiree whispered. She wanted to explain at least part of why they had shared that tender embrace and hurried on. “Stephen, I was hurt by the argument we had shared last night. I…”
“So, Tim stepped in to give comfort,” he growled.
“Yes, but please let me tell you…”
“Please,” he interrupted, “spare me the details! No wonder Tim said you had made his day. That treat often made my day, as well. Tell me, Desiree, what would possess the two of you to make love out in the open where any passerby might be a witness?” he roared.
Desiree’s mouth fell open with his words. Vanessa had lied and she had just admitted to the falsehood unknowingly. “No!” she whispered in anguish.
“It is too late to deny it, my dear. You already admitted it. She was concerned that I might be losing a bit of weight due to the fact that my frame looked a bit thinner but we both know it was not my frame that rode atop you this day but Timothy’s, don’t we now?” Then over her head he saw Tim approaching through the dark and with a growl he released Desiree, launching himself against his brother.
“Stephen, stop!” Desiree screamed.
Stephen and Tim slammed to the ground in a string of curses and Desiree held her hands over her ears, looking wildly about the empty grounds for help. Then she turned, unthinking and ran on and on into the dense foliage and the jungle beyond.

***

“Stephen, have you lost your mind?” Ham growled, struggling to restrain him as he continued to punish Tim with his fists. “Stop it, Stephen! Get hold of yourself!”
Ham shoved Stephen off his dazed younger brother and the two combatants lay gasping for breath upon the grass.
Wiping blood that trickled from a cut on his lip, Tim came to his feet. “What the hell is this about?” he gasped.
“Don’t play innocent with me, you little bastard!” Stephen came to his feet and immediately took another swing but his arm was caught by Ham and held fast. “Your tryst with Desiree!”
“What the hell!” Tim roared. “What the devil are you talking about?”
Stephen shook Ham off his arm with annoyance. “The bluffs!”
“Christ! You are insane!” Tim hissed, taking a step toward Stephen with intent. Ham placed a hand on the chest of each, keeping the two at arms length from one another. “Where did you get that idea, Stephen?”
“Vanessa said…”
“Vanessa!” Tim barked. “And you naturally believed that little tramp!”
“Desiree admitted it!” Stephen roared back, reaching out to jab a finger against Tim’s shoulder, shoving him back.
“All she could have admitted to would have been crying on my shoulder because some ass paid her a late night visit and she was upset!”
“Nothing happened?”
“Not a thing! I give you my word! What do you think I am, Stephen? I am your brother for Christ’s sake!”
“Then why did she…” Stephen began again but Tim interrupted him.
“Listen, you fool. I gave you my word. If you want to fight, go find sweet Vanessa and lay into her! I am going after Desiree. She ran into the jungle! You may not give a damn about her but I for one do!” He turned, starting across the lawn.
“Stephen?” Ham questioned.
“What?”
“Are you going after her?”
“Tim will find her. I am going to have a few words with Vanessa Haines.”
“I do not think that is wise, Stephen. Desiree needs your words more,” Ham stated softly. Stephen made no response but instead turned for the house.
“Stephen, don’t be an ass; go after her. You did the damage. Only you can repair it.”
Stephen stopped in his tracks and turned back, locking eyes with his old friend. Then with a nod, he went in the direction Tim had gone.

***

Desiree ran through the dense weeds between twists of palms until she stumbled onto the stone walkway which led through the jungle. She walked on the path; the same one Tim had brought them down, upon their arrival and was heading toward the docks. Her pace slowed as she moved further from the house and the scene she had left behind.
She had been so close to settling their differences she felt sure. This night would have been a new beginning for them. She should have sensed trouble when Vanessa approached them in the yard. She should have asked Stephen to stay with her instead of trying to be gracious and mature and bowing out. She had played right into Vanessa’s hands. What had Stephen been about to say when she approached and interrupted him? Now she would never know.
How dare he accuse her of having sex with his own brother! How dare he believe that spiteful woman’s lies as truth and then trap her into admitting to something she was not guilty of. He had intentionally worded it to trick her into a confession. It was, no doubt, his intention all along.
Perhaps he had been having second thoughts about the talk they were to have shared later this night, concocting the entire hoax with Vanessa’s help. Twisting the innocent details to rid himself of her permanently; making it so difficult and embarrassing that she would need to leave the island unable to share the same house with his family. He would be happy to know he had succeeded in that. She would make her plans to leave in the morning. Enough was enough. She could no longer endure the horrendous situations in which she kept finding herself involved.
As the end of the path loomed ahead, she decided that she had best turn back and return to the house. She would go directly to her rooms and avoid any more confrontations this night.
A rustle in the brush behind her was the only warning she had before a hand clamped over her mouth and an arm came about her waist, lifting her off the ground and then a harsh chuckle accompanied by a foul smell came over her shoulder and she kicked and wreathed as she was plucked from the path and plunged into the blackness of the jungle.



Chapter Forty


Desiree awoke to the brilliance of the day and by the position of the sun, she surmised it must be well into the morning. Her head throbbed and she would have reached to touch the painful spot but found her hands bound behind her back by a length of rope. The rope went around a palm tree and then spanned between her wrists and although comfortable, she could not bring her hands up further than her shoulders. Another length stretched from her waist to the base of the tree she was seated against, preventing her from rising. Her mouth was dry and her lips bruised by the gag which was wedged between her teeth and her hair pulled each time she tried to turn her head, apparently caught in the knot at the back of her head.
The dense trees loomed around her but for the small clearing she sat in the midst of and it was a few moments before memory came rushing back to her. A man—she remembered seeing his face bearing a long deep scar from his forehead across his right eye, ending just below his ear. The eye was distorted and had healed in a way that had left the outer portion permanently closed. She had seen him only briefly before he lifted a pistol and brought the butt down upon her head.
Then the rest of the memories came back to her, Stephen and Timothy fighting; the accusations made concerning her. She wondered if Stephen was looking for her and she could not tell what part of the island she was being held at. She could see nothing but thick jungle and could not even hear the sound of the ocean. Fear suddenly engulfed her. Perhaps she was no longer on Somerset. She had been unconscious and all the islands looked the same. She could be alone on a remote isle; left to die bound and gagged, with no chance of rescue or escape.
A rustling close by caught her attention and she was almost relieved to know someone else was about until the man with the scar bounded his way through the underbrush.
“Well now, I see ye decided to wake up,” he rasped with a toothy smile, the scarred side of his cheek pulling at an odd angle.
Desiree did not move but watched him closely as he came to kneel before her, leering into her face. His tongue flicked out to moisten thick lips as he took in the features of her face. Stubby fingers reached out grasping her chin and he roughly turned her face to the side looking at her profile, which pulled her hair painfully.
“Ye be a beauty me sweet young thing. Aye, a fine piece.”
His breath fell upon her face and the odor of rotting teeth caused Desiree to hold her breath. His clothes, begrimed with possibly months of filth and sweat assaulted her senses. His grimy shirt, once bright crimson, was tawny brown and opened to the waist showing a layer of filth covering his neck and chest, streaked with fresh perspiration. Creases on rolls of flesh stood out stark white against the filth beneath matted black hair.
“I would a finished with ye last night were it not fer them blokes lookin’ for ye but by the time they finds us here, ye will be long dead and meself well on me way. Besides I thought to meself, why not have a bit of sport afore I goes. Makin' no never mind when ye dies, sooner or later won’t make no difference.” He touched his grimy finger to the matted hair of his head. “Good thinkin’, don’t ye agree?” he asked with a laugh, seeing the terror etched upon her face.
Desiree could see yellowed snags of teeth covered by a thick film of putrid food and her eyes turned from the sight. He rose to his knees before her, reaching for something in the weeds to her left and produced a small pack. She again held her breath as the stench of his body wafted in her direction with the movement. He sat back upon his heels, pulling a flask out of the pack and twisting the top off took a large swig of the contents, part of which dribbled from his chin, adding to the streaks upon his chest.
“Kirwood be me name,” he leered. “Best introduce meself proper. Hey, ain’t ye got a tongue in yer head?” He laughed at his joke, taking in the assets of the woman before him with undisguised pleasure. Her hair tossed in wild disarray about her body only served to add to her appeal. His eyes lowered to her breasts and lower still to her slim legs, which were bare. The gown had ridden up exposing well-toned thighs.
Desiree desperately wished she could pull the gown down, seeing where his eyes strayed but with her hands bound as they were, she could do nothing. She did however, pull her legs up close beneath her and when she did so, his eyes came back up to meet hers. He reached out and grabbed the gag from her mouth roughly.
“I said ain’t ye got no tongue, bitch?”
Without warning his anger flared and his hand lashed out catching Desiree’s cheek in a back handed blow.
A groan escaped her lips despite her efforts to remain quiet and her eyes watered, blurring her vision. The jolt caused the trees about her to appear to spin and she heard an echoing chuckle as he enjoyed his game.
“Well little leidy, I best be about it and finish me job. I been promised gold for this bit. Must earn me pay,” he decided with calculated coldness.
In a lightening fast move, amazing for his bulk, his paw like hands had Desiree by the ankles, yanking her legs out straight before her. Through the numbing pain in her head from the blow, his intent sunk in with sickening clarity. From her parched throat a scream tore loose, shattering the quiet of the jungle and startling a snow white bird from its perch somewhere above and it headed skyward.
“Damn ye wench, shut yer bleedin’ yap or I’ll shut it for ye permanently!” he rasped, pulling a hand back as if to add another blow to her face. Instead, he grabbed the gag, jamming it back into her mouth and opening a small cut upon her lower lip.
From the side of his waist he pulled out a glinting blade from his belt and chuckled as her eyes flew wide, following the sparkling steel as it approached her. He lunged toward her belly with a flash of metal and Desiree’s breath caught, waiting to feel the blade enter her body but he pulled back and she felt the rope about her waist loosen, falling away in the stubby weeds beside her.
“Rest easy missy, yer not through yet. I be takin’ a ride first,” he assured with a laugh.
He grabbed her ankles once more, yanking viciously and pulling her form to a prone position. Her arms wrenched as the bound wrists were now above her head. Striking the ground, pain exploded in Desiree’s head at the location the butt of the pistol had found and she felt as though she might lose consciousness, as the trees seemed to loop in sickening circles above her until the renting of her gown brought her back from the beckoning blackness and filled her with horror.
“Lawd almighty!” he whispered, gazing hungrily at the treasure he had just uncovered. “Lawdy!” he repeated. He wetted his thick lips with his tongue, smiling in anticipation. A trickle of saliva ran slowly from the corner of his mouth and he wiped it with the back of his hand before reaching for her breasts.
Desiree cringed, her stomach again churning as he straddled her and continued to roughly fondle her breasts. His hands moved over her body, down her belly to her hips and then he roughly attempted to wedge his leg between hers to open her thighs. Although the gag stopped the sound, Desiree opened her mouth and tried to scream as her leg jammed upward, catching him in the groin. He plunged forward, rolling to the ground beside her with a curse, clutching his injured crotch. He staggered to his knees and pulled the glinting dagger again from his waist.
Death shown in the snarling face but Desiree glared unflinching into his reddened watery eyes. The horror that this loathsome animal meant to have his way with her thrust through her to her very core and she welcomed the quick end the blade offered.
“Ye bitch! Yer time be up!” he sneered, hunching over her. As Desiree struggled valiantly, thrashing violently to try and thwart him, he straddled her hips and she froze as the steel of the knife ran the length of her body from throat to belly, ever so gently. “Where to begin,” he chuckled, touching the point of the knife to his jaw as he pondered.
Suddenly there was the briefest flash of movement and the lecherous man lifted from her with the force of a boot catching him beneath the chin. He sprawled across the ground and scrambled to his feet, looking desperately for the blade. It glinted in the grass to his left and he dove, rolling upon his shoulder and coming up with it in his hand. Holding it clenched tightly before him, he crouched low, facing his foe.
As Desiree watched, Stephen was upon him with a ragged growl and Kirwood struck out with the gleaming blade, aiming for the lean waist. Stephen sidestepped the jab and the man stumbled forward with the momentum of the thrust, slashing thin air. Stephen grasped the wrist and pulled the arm up in the space between them. Their eyes locked and a match of strengths unfolded, arms trembling in an attempt to gain control.
Desiree drug her eyes from the two men briefly, half turning to grab the tree which she was still bound to and with her forehead against the rough bark, she drew herself up, pushing to her knees and finally coming to stand. Dazed, Desiree reeled back against the tree, closing her eyes for a moment until her vision cleared. When she was able to see again, she noted the knife was slowly turning and with wide eyes, the man Kirwood, watched the glinting steel move ever closer to his own throat, as bared white teeth flashed in a snarl and now deep brown eyes promised death. Tendon stood out as Stephen steadily pressed the blade to its mark. Terror showed on the man’s face and the knife dropped to the ground as his free hand came up with a blow to Stephen’s midsection, doubling Stephen forward with the impact. Stephen surged forward, catching Kirwood in the paunch and the two crashed to the ground in a blur of thrashing limbs.
Desiree watched numbly as slowly a victor emerged. Straddling Kirwood, Stephen rained a shower of blows upon the man beneath him. Kirwood fought to deliver returning blows but could not make his mark and blood began to mar the already hideous face as Stephen attempted to turn it to pulp. Desiree watched without emotion as her tormentor was brought ever closer to death’s door with each successive impact of Stephen’s fists. Kirwood's flailing arms fell limply to the grass and the curses he had sputtered now became hoarse moans. The clearing was silent but for the sound of fist against flesh and then through the underbrush stormed, first Ham and Timothy, followed by Michael Colter and a host of seaman.
Ham was the first across the clearing to Stephen’s side and he clasp Stephen about the chest from behind in a bear hug, pulling him off the semiconscious man. “Easy, Stephen. Easy,” he said gently, waiting for his rigid body to relax and sanity to return to his young captain.
When Stephen nodded slightly, Ham released him and Stephen hauled the man to his feet by a fist full of shirt and shoved him at two of his waiting men. “Get this bastard out of here,” he ordered and then turned his attention to Desiree, as all eyes seemed to turn at the same time to the slight trembling form beside the palm tree.
With her hands bound as they were, Desiree could do nothing but press herself against the rough bark of the tree to shield her exposed body from the many eyes before her. With her own eyes tightly closed, she turned her face away.
Stephen gestured to the men. Dragging their prisoner along, Ham rushed all of them out of the clearing toward the trees and town beyond. Michael Colter looked to his sons and then he too, headed into the jungle leaving Desiree to their care.
Timothy approached Desiree first while Stephen hung back a bit, knowing that at this moment his younger brother was closer to her than he had been in weeks.
“Desiree?” Tim questioned gently stroking her back and she turned her face in his direction.
The bluish bruise wickedly marring the delicate bone of her cheek sent white hot rage through Stephen and he came forward, loosing the ropes that bound her wrists, heaving the offensive restraint into the jungle, while Tim carefully removed the cloth from her mouth and sailed it away. Tim smoothed her hair from her face and she sobbed with relief, turning from the tree and pulling her open dress about her as best she could. She leaned back against the tree for support, looking from one pair of concerned eyes to the other.
“Did the bastard touch you?” Tim gritted, taking in her rent gown.
Desiree shook her head emphatically. “No, but it was so horrible!” she sobbed, accepting Stephen’s shoulder and burying her face against him.
Tim removed his suit coat and with gentle urging helped Desiree into it. The garment hung well past her loins, lending modesty to her state of undress and she glanced up at Stephen as he completed the last fastener.
“Thank you, Stephen,” she whispered brokenly. “You saved my life…” but then she paused and stiffened, moving back from him as if burned by his touch. Her eyes filled with pain as she remembered the accusations he had made which had driven her away from the party and into Kirwood’s clutches. She looked at the discolored skin beneath his eye and saw that Tim sported the same affliction, coupled with a wicked cut across his upper lip.
“Tell him, Tim! Tell him nothing passed between us!” she said, stepping back a pace away from the two of them. Stephen regarded her with concern and she stepped back another pace and cried, “Nothing happened!”
“I know,” Stephen assured softly, approaching her but she held up her hand halting him.
“Your own brother!” she spat. “Mon Dieu, what do you think me?”
As she spoke, Stephen began to weave before her eyes. He was speaking but she could not hear the words over the sound roaring in her head. Sounding as though water was rushing, echoing in her ears. She felt her knees buckling beneath her and the two men grew hazy and darkness closed in around her.
Stephen scooped Desiree into his arms as she started to fall, cradling her against his chest. Tim pulled the coat close about her body and they hurried through the jungle toward home.

***

Desiree fought her way from unconsciousness hearing Bridgett’s voice, frantic and sobbing. She tried to open her eyes and reassure her but the front hall of the Colter’s home spun before her and she had to close her eyes once more, covering them with a hand.
“Bridgett, I am fine,” she whispered as she felt strong arms carrying her up the staircase.
Bridgett touched Desiree’s cheek and then rushed ahead of Stephen opening doors for him as he carried her through the sitting room to her bedroom. Bridgett pulled back the covers and Stephen lay Desiree down gently, placing her head upon a mountain of pillows. Desiree moaned softly as her battered and bruised body was released and she looked up to find Stephen’s face above her.
He stepped back and Bridgett moved beside her, pressing a cool cloth to her brow. “Desiree, we were so worried,” she sobbed, gently using another cloth to remove dried blood from her lip and then laying the cloth against Desiree’s cheek and the puffy blue bruise there.
Desiree looked from Bridgett, to Tim at the foot of the bed, to Stephen behind Bridgett and she covered her face with her hands sobbing in relief and in terror as the images still filled her mind. “Bridgett he—he was going to kill me,” she sobbed and her voice sounded strange in her own ears. She was close to hysteria and as she lowered her hands from her face and looked at the expressions of those in the room, she could see that they heard it also.
“Shhh…” Stephen said gently, kneeling beside the bed. “Don’t think about it. It’s over now.”
“No! No, it is never going to be over!” Desiree shouted. “It goes on and on, when will I ever be safe?”
Stephen looked up at Tim and then to the door where his parents stood silently watching.
“Desiree, we will leave you to Bridgett’s care now and talk later,” he decided, fearing his words would only inflame her further, he squeezed her hand and ushered his family from her room.
Bridgett’s tears had subsided when Desiree’s had begun, her concern for Desiree’s state of mind putting her own fears in proper perspective. Bridgett brought a gown to the bed and helped Desiree to sit, slipping Tim’s coat off and then the shredded dress. She pulled the nightgown down over her head and stuck her arms through the sleeves while Desiree sobbed weakly. Desiree’s arms were limp and uncooperative. She was seemingly unaware that she was being dressed.
“Desiree, you are in shock, love. You will feel much better after some rest,” Bridgett soothed over Desiree’s sobs. She poured a glass of water from the pitcher at the night stand and offered it. Desiree first sipped and then gulped at the cool liquid and lie back as Bridgett replaced the cloth against her cheek. Desiree grabbed her hand in a desperate hold and Bridgett sat down beside her, patting her grasping hand reassuringly.
“Bridgett,” Desiree croaked. “I—I want to go home. Please? Let’s go home.”
Bridgett made no comment and Desiree continued frantically. “I can’t stand to be here any longer! I have to go—I must. Please! Make the arrangements! Let’s go right away! I—I want to see France, my friends. Oh, I want to go home!” she sobbed as if a small child unable to find her way.
Bridgett knew only too well the pain Desiree had suffered since their arrival here and before, ever since they had left France six months ago. She had endured so much.
“It could be dangerous,” she reminded softly.
Desiree laughed hysterically. “I don’t care! I want to go! I want the people I love about me—I want Rene’ and Antoine. Please Bridgett?”
“And what of Stephen Colter?” Bridgett whispered.
Desiree shook her head. “It is over—over! Please let’s not speak of him. Just agree! Help me Bridgett, please help me!” she pleaded.
“Yes, it shall be so. Don’t worry, sweet. I shall make all the arrangements. Just rest now. Get some sleep and leave it all to me. We shall go home.”
Bridgett pulled the covers up about Desiree and she smiled up at her through her tears. “Thank you, Bridgett,” she said as her exhaustion overtook her and she closed her eyes.



Chapter Forty-One


Desiree tossed and turned, unable to find rest and after several hours of wasted effort she rose from bed and donned her robe, moving silently about her chambers. The large floor clock in the hall chimed the fifth hour of the day but she could have guessed as much by the birds singing of the approaching dawn and the grayish sky to the east. She was anxious about the decision she had made and would be carrying out in but a few short hours; too anxious to sleep.
She walked quietly from her rooms and moved down the stairs to the front hall, entering the drawing room. She took a seat upon the sofa, facing the large portrait of the Colter family and in the dim light she studied Stephen’s likeness, then looked to each of the members of his family and she allowed thoughts and feelings to possess her which she had held in check for days.
A tear slipped down her cheek with the thought that she would be boarding a ship for home in a few short hours, leaving behind Stephen and his world and going back to her own small part of the world. It had been six days since Stephen had stormed through the jungle and saved her from certain death and five days since his departure to escort the man Kirwood to the magistrate in Saint George. She had not seen Stephen before he left but Tim had explained that Stephen had wanted to oversee the transportation of the man to be sure he was locked safely away. He would be back in five to seven days and this being the fifth, she was on edge fearing he would arrive home before she was well on her way to France. She would not draw an easy breath until she was aboard and away. She knew he would not stop her once she was out to sea and she prayed for this morning to pass quickly.
She admitted to herself now that her mind had been made up since the night of the party, when she had walked down the covered path—she must go. Not a word had been mentioned of the occurrence at the party or the reason for her foolish flight into the jungle but the injuries that Stephen and Timothy had dealt one another were noticeable and would have drawn questions from, at least, their parents and of course Vanessa Haines was well aware of the situation and no doubt ecstatic with the result of her lies.
Desiree lay her head back against the sofa wearily, trying to remember when it had all gone so wrong. Perhaps it had never really been right. Maybe she simply imagined that she had ever shared the tender moments with Stephen she recalled. Everything had gone sour, vile and sordid, to the point of no return. Stephen brought out the worst in her. The slightest urging and she would forget all but her need to bring him pain and cut him to the quick with her razor sharp tongue. He, too, had acquired a remarkable talent for that.
Never had she treated a person with such little regard as she had treated him, almost from the day she met him. Why did she find it so impossible to speak simply and truthfully to him? She spouted half truths and blatant lies as though second nature to her and could not seem to stop herself.
She heard only what she wanted to hear, picking and choosing what she wanted to believe and calling most of his words lies. She had believed Bridgett’s opinion of him even though she should have known him and his intent. She believed Vanessa Haines when she had overheard her in the clothier, even though Stephen had sworn to her that he wanted no other, but then he too had believed Vanessa at the party that night and he had set upon her and Tim in murderous rage.
Desiree shook her head as if to clear the jumble of thoughts. She was not rational where he was concerned, nor was he when it came to her and the thought of staying longer and the surety of another conflict coming from some direction brought dread and panic to the surface. No. This was the day of reckoning, an end but also a new beginning for her and she stood from the sofa and with a last look at the portrait, walked from the room and up the stairs.

***

Desiree dashed about her room, packing away her possessions as the morning wore on. She had already said her farewells to the Colter’s before they had left for the day to visit with friends and she had expressed her thanks for all they had done for her. They had not tried to change her mind but had assured her that she was most welcome to stay on as long as she wished. She had graciously declined their offer.
Bridgett was at the ship, seeing about the storage of their luggage and setting up their homestead in a cabin of the Sea Scout, a vessel similar to the Windward, where Captain Jim Phillips would be at the helm. So, everything was set and now she rushed to finish up her packing and join Bridgett.
A knock on the sitting room door brought Desiree to an abrupt halt and she went to the door of her bedroom, peering out. Timothy smiled sweetly from the hall, then entered her room.
“So,” he began, shoving his hands into his waistcoat pockets and sauntering after her to the door of the bedroom. “I see you have not changed your mind. You are going through with this.” He leaned against the door jam, watching her pack.
“Please, Tim. Let’s not spend our last few minutes arguing. I have made my decision and it is final,” Desiree sighed wearily.
Over the past few days he had used every argument he could think of to convince her to stay and work it out. She had not said much except that her mind was set and then he would be forced to give up when she refused to discuss it with him.
“It is not final. How can you say that? You carry my niece or nephew, my own brother’s child, my parents first grandchild for God’s sake! And you have sworn me to secrecy on it! I cannot imagine that you think Stephen would do anything but right by you. I beg you, please tell him. He loves you! I am sure of it!”
Desiree was on edge, her nerves frayed and her patience thin from lack of sleep and her anger flared suddenly. Tim was so certain of Stephen and his nature, so certain that he held some special feeling for her that he kept hidden from view.
“Timothy, let me tell you a few things about your dear brother and myself. You act as though he and I are star-crossed lovers or some such foolishness when in truth I was merely a paying passenger aboard his ship and before I had reached my destination I had lost my innocence to him!” Desiree nodded when his eyes widened in disbelief. “It is true! I tried my best that night to bury a knife in his belly but was thwarted. And although I accept some of the responsibility for the occurrence of that night and most of the blame for everything that has happened after that night, the fact remains that it has been constant turmoil ever since.”
Tim moved to a chair and sat down heavily. “I am sorry, Desiree. I had no idea,” he said breathlessly, shaking his head.
Desiree pulled a small dressing table chair over beside him and sat down, rushing on. “But I do not want you to think ill of Stephen, Tim. After, no, even including the first time, I wanted nothing more than to be in his arms. I love him, Tim, but we hurt each other at every turn. He accuses me—I accuse him.” She lifted her hands in resignation as tears well up in her eyes. “Tim, I am eighteen years old. Until I met Stephen Colter I was innocent of men and the world and I admit it, I have no idea what I am doing. I was never raised to be a mistress and yet, here I am a mistress, soon to bear a bastard. I ask myself over and over, what should I do, and no answers come. I am simply not able to deal with any of this, so I am running away. Perhaps I am a coward. If so, so be it! I want to go home to Rouen, to the people who I know love me and I want to be coddled and pampered and try to regain some semblance of what I once was. I want to be happy again. This affair with Stephen has been one bitter conflict after another and I cannot take any more. I do not expect you to understand. I don’t even understand but I know the time is now. It must come to an end.”
Desiree clasped his hand in her own, pleading for understanding with her eyes. “Please, Tim. Just let me go and let it end here. I shall leave and Stephen will go back to his life. It shall be best for both of us, I am sure of it.”
Tim nodded and squeezed her hand. “Me and my big mouth. Why didn’t you just tell me it was none of my business?” he frowned, brushing a tear from her cheek.
“I did,” Desiree sniffed softly with a smile.
“Well, why don’t I see about your last trunk while you finish up in here?” he suggested, rising.
“Merci, Tim. I would appreciate that.”
Tim heaved the trunk upon his back and Desiree closed the door after him, wiping her tears and clearing away all thought from her mind as she opened a dresser drawer, removing her belongings.

***

Tim stopped upon the stairs when the front door opened and to his surprise Stephen entered, halting and staring up at him with a confused expression.
“What is this? Leaving home, Tim?” he chuckled, closing the door and standing his duffel against the wall.
Tim continued to the bottom of the stairs and set the trunk to the floor. “No. Desiree is leaving,” he stated simply.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Stephen snapped.
“She is leaving. She is going home to France,” Tim said with a shrug.
“Damn it, where is she?”
“Upstairs but,” Tim halted his words, deciding to stay out of it and let Desiree give him her reasons. Besides, Stephen was already up the case, taking the stairs two at a bound. Tim watched him until out of sight and then hurried outside to the waiting carriage and after loading the trunk he returned to wait at the bottom of the steps for Desiree to descend.

***

The door of the sitting room stood ajar and through it stormed Stephen, entering the bedroom and slamming the door behind him. He glared at Desiree as she stood to the left of the door at her dressing table packing the last of her toilette articles.
Desiree quaked with fear looking into his eyes. His expression was withering, accusing and she felt she could nearly faint from the shock of seeing him home, catching her after all.
“So you are back,” she stammered lamely as her voice trembled and her face flushed crimson.
“Is that all you have to say? You’re back,” he snapped furiously. “What the hell are you doing this for? So that madman will have better aim? Use your head, Desiree. That man Kirwood was hired in France by a Frenchman, we know at least that much! I realize you have grown tired of me and my hospitality but for your own safety you should reconsider.”
Desiree slammed a drawer shut and glared into his eyes, every bit as furious, all fear forgotten. “My safety depends not upon my location! I am not safe here, nor was I safe in the colonies and I am tired of being ruled by fear. I have worn out my welcome on your island and wish to intrude no more into your life,” she finished, crossing the room and tossing the satchel near the remainder of her packed bags.
“Intrude? Hardly! Almost from the moment we arrived here you began your little game that I have yet to find the purpose of! Accusing me falsely of trifling with your affections and sharing with another that which I shared with you alone,” he sneered bitterly.
Desiree laughed with disbelief. “You accused me falsely of sharing the same with your own brother, taking the word of that blonde bitch without a thought as to its validity. So in truth we are even, Captain Colter!”
Stephen crossed the distance separating them in a flash, his voice coming harsh and biting. “In truth you had but become bored with me, isn’t that it? Perhaps given a little more time you would have allowed Timothy to sample that which you had proclaimed to be mine alone to possess while I, fool that I am, can find no ease for my plight.”
“Since I gave freely to you, you assume I would share the same with another so easily? I have learned my lesson! And I care not whom you have or have not treated to your extensive talents. I am leaving this day and that is the end of it!”
“Tell me, Desiree. For once put aside your games and tell me the truth. Do you hate me? Do you love me? Exactly what do you feel for me?” he hissed.
He was beside himself. He had come back this day determined to make it right between them only to find now that she had planned to be gone by the time he arrived. He wanted just a hint of some care for him but none came. She was cold, hateful; ready to sail away without a thought.
Desiree smiled up at him coldly, knowing too much had passed between them to correct it with a few words. Knowing she must make her break now in order to end the destructive madness and torment which seemed to be their relationship’s defining characteristics. She had to keep her secret and wanted to have her child in peace. She didn’t trust him not to hurt her again. She didn’t believe in him anymore. It was too late to do anything but set him free and herself free of him.
“Why Stephen, I am surprised you need ask!” she laughed harshly. “Let me see,” she began, moving away from him and pacing across the room as if in thought, then turning back to glare into his eyes. “I set you from me on a whim, and according to your drunken tirade one night I lead you about as my private paramour. No, that wasn’t it was it?” she laughed, pointing a finger at him. “My beast! You are my beast and you stop and perform on command! Now tell me, Stephen, does that sound like the ingredients of love or hate?” she asked.
“Say it!” he barked, crossing the room and towering over her. “I want to hear it from your lips—look me in the eye and tell me that you hate me.”
“Hate you? No, not hate. Indifference is what I feel. I just want to leave here and forget you as though you never existed. Forget all that has passed between us as though we never met. But if this is to be an airing of our feelings, then tell me Stephen, what exactly do you feel for me? Do you love me? Hate me? Indifference? Or simply lust for me?”
He looked deeply into her eyes but spoke no words and Desiree laughed softly. “I am waiting for your answer.”
“This is so very amusing to you, isn’t it, my dear? The last of many games we have played, you and I. I must congratulate you, for you are, by far, the champion!”
His eyes were steamy and he reached out, taking her in his arms and pulling her into his embrace. His mouth crushed down upon hers and Desiree pushed weakly against him, totally unprepared for this reaction. His arms came about her waist, pressing her body to his possessively.
Desiree found she was responding to the feel of his kiss, his body in spite of herself. Losing herself in her own long denied need and she reached up to pull him closer, her response every bit as demanding as his. He released her mouth, pulling back and searching the depths of her eyes.
“So much for your indifference,” he said softly. He kissed her once more and his lips traced down her throat to the soft white flesh rising above her gown.
Desiree ran her hands through his hair, then along his shoulders, totally involved with his moist warm mouth searing her. She barely felt his hands moving to her back and her clothing fell to the floor in a heap, it seemed of its own accord. She moaned softly as his hands possessed her, fondling roughly. She felt completely vulnerable as his practiced touch brought her body to life and she trembled, leaning against him for support. She was starved for him and wanted only to be possessed by him. Nothing mattered but this moment and Stephen.
He whispered gently as his lips hovered near hers. “You want me, Desiree. You want to share with me those lofty heights we have so often in the past. Just try to deny it. You want me to possess you this minute.”
Without waiting for a response, he lifted her into his arms, carrying her to the bed and laid her across its expanse while his mouth clung to hers. Still fully clothed, he lay down beside her; resuming his caresses and she welcomed his kiss, his hands and reached to touch him through his clothes. He held her hand from him and she looked into his eyes.
“Is this indifference, Desiree?” he asked softly as he released her hand and his own slid between her parted thighs and she sighed with pleasure as his fingers entered her.
“Is this indifference?” he asked again with a tender kiss to her mouth.
“No—no indifference,” Desiree admitted, returning his kiss. She wanted to tell him she loved him, she wanted to tell him of the baby and she wanted to beg him to ask her to stay. She wanted nothing more than to be with him forever.
“Thank you for admitting that,” he laughed scornfully and abruptly removed his hands from her.
She stared up at him in shock. Her loins ached for the want of him and she couldn’t believe that he had duped her so easily.
“You bastard!” she spat, sitting up and slapping him full across the face.
“So now I am a bastard, when only practicing what you have taught me!” he growled.
Desiree could now see in his face that it had all been an orchestrated performance.
“You see, this little ploy works both ways doesn’t it Desiree? Your beast I may be, but you are mine also! Love or hate?” he questioned softly.
“Get out!” Desiree spat and attempted to move from the bed but Stephen prevented her from rising.
“I’ll let you go, Desiree. I won’t interfere with your plan. If I had one wish it would also be to have never met you in the first place. I want you to know that,” he whispered as he leaned over her and brushed her lips softly with his own. “I wouldn’t have this torment that eats at my guts.” He kissed her lips again, inhaling deeply as she breathed out and then kissing her more forcefully as she returned his kiss. “I wouldn’t have this need that no other can satisfy,” he confessed, possessing her mouth greedily. “You have ruined me, Desiree and if it is the last thing I ever do, I shall overcome your torturous spell!” he vowed softly, pressing her back upon the pillows as her arms reached up to draw him down to her.

***

Stephen slowly rose to a sitting position and finished dressing. Then he sat upon the edge of the bed next to Desiree, hunched over, with his arms resting upon his knees and his head in his hands, looking to the floor. It’s best left at this, he thought to himself. It isn’t supposed to be this difficult. It shouldn’t be a constant battle.
Desiree lay motionless. She stared up at the high canopy and felt a slight discomfort in her abdomen but she knew that in their consuming passion, they could not have been gentle with each other. It would have been impossible. They had come together, desperately, roughly until their mutual need had extinguished their mutual rage and they had shared themselves with each other in what had been both an exquisite blend of perfection and at the same time, total loneliness. She had bit her lip to stop herself from crying out his name as she reached her fulfillment and he also hadn’t uttered a word, just held her tight and kissed her deeply, one last kiss. She could sense that he had finally accepted this was their end just as she had.
Slowly, Desiree rose to a sitting position and saw Stephen watching her as she tucked her legs beneath her, pulling a sheet across her body. She looked into the eyes of the man she loved and had lost forever and tears fell but she brushed them away with haste.
“This is finished, Stephen. Please leave,” she whispered.
He gazed into the unreadable depths of Desiree’s brilliant violet-blue eyes and for the first time since the death of his brothers, a tear softly fell, tracing down his face. “It has never been my intention to bring you unhappiness, Desiree,” he said in a husky whisper, while reaching to wipe a tear from her cheek.
Desiree drew back from his touch. She knew if she allowed him to touch her again, her resolve would crumble. She had to be strong. This had to end. “Please leave.”
Stephen wiped the tear from his face, rising from the bed and walked from the room.



Chapter Forty-Two


Tim pushed away from the wall with his shoulder where he had been leaning uneasily, waiting for Desiree to emerge from her room. He heard the door open and walked to meet her, taking the satchels from her hands.
“Tim, could you please?” she asked, turning her back to him and he quickly laced her gown.
“The carriage is drawn up out front,” he informed softly, finishing the task which gave him a good idea of what must have transpired.
Desiree nodded, unable to meet his searching gaze. She moved along the hall, appearing very calm when in fact she was in pain both mentally and physically.
“Desiree, tell me what happened? Did he hurt you? Did you tell him of your condition?” he asked hesitantly, watching Desiree glance his way and then down the staircase to the front hall warily searching for Stephen’s presence. “He’s gone,” Tim assured, taking her hand and leading her down the stairs.
“No, Tim. I did not tell him and no, he did not hurt me.”
They walked out the front door to the open carriage which stood waiting and Tim tossed the bags in the back, assisting Desiree to the high bench seat then hurried around to the other side, climbing up beside her. Desiree watched over her shoulder as the large mansion receded and they moved out of the drive. She would never forget this place which seemed so welcoming and warm upon her arrival and now held so many sad memories. Her abdomen cramped uncomfortably ending her thoughts and she turned to face forward, taking trembling slow deep breaths until the pain abated. She glanced at Tim, finding his concerned attention upon her and she looked to her hands in her lap, trying to think of something to say to avoid the question forming upon his lips.
“Stephen and I shared our last war of words, Tim. Can you understand now why you must keep my secret?”
Tim didn’t answer, only watched the road before him, his face a tight and angry mask. They were driving along the streets of Somerset now, nearing the docks and she touched his arm, looking urgently into his eyes needing his assurance before they arrived and were joined by Bridgett at the ship. “Tim, answer me, please.”
“Desiree, I am inclined to track the fool down and tell him,” he admitted.
“No! Please, Tim do not do that!” she choked out desperately, determined to fight the tears and keep her composure. “I—I am having some discomfort. I beg you, leave it as is!”
“Oh Lord,” he whispered. “And yet you say he didn’t hurt you!”
“It was not anything he did. Tim, please forget about everything I have told you. I will be gone and it will be as though I never existed, as though I had never told you of my condition. Tim, I did not tell him I carried his child so this is unimportant! Please promise me! Telling him of any of this news would do nothing but cause more pain for him and me.”
He could see the panic in her face and answered bitterly, “I promise, Desiree. I will keep your secrets to myself, every one of them.”
The carriage rolled to a halt at the wooden dock and Desiree could see Bridgett on deck, watching them as they sat for a moment, as if in conversation. She was experiencing another pain and breathed slowly, clutching Tim’s hand until it passed.
“You must rest, you need to lie down!” Tim pleaded anxiously. “You must tell Bridgett!”
“No! I shall rest and if it becomes necessary I shall tell her.” Desiree looked to the ship. “Will you help me down, Tim without drawing Bridgett’s concern?”
He nodded hesitantly and jumped down, rounding the back and hurrying to her side of the carriage, holding her carefully by her ribcage and gently setting her to her feet. He then reached for her bags and offered his arm nonchalantly. A seaman passed by them to retrieve the trunk from the carriage and Tim watched him pass, speaking quietly in Desiree’s ear while looking over her shoulder to the man. “This is absolute insanity! I cannot believe I am allowing you to do this, any of this!” he whispered ruefully.
“I shall be fine, don’t worry,” Desiree whispered with a reassuring squeeze of his arm. “Don’t forget to tell Red, if and when he comes, of my change of residence,” she continued in a louder tone, smiling up at Bridgett as they rose to the deck from the gang plank.
“I won’t,” Tim played along, helping her down to the deck. “Bridgett,” he smiled. “You take care and have a safe voyage.” He hailed a crewman, handing him the satchels. “Desiree,” he turned to her and smiled warmly. “Don’t be surprised if I turn up at your door one day. Please take care.” His brow knit with concern and she hugged him warmly, placing a kiss upon his cheek.
“Good bye, Timothy,” she whispered. “I shall never forget you.” She buried her face in his throat for a moment, holding back a flood of tears. He cradled her gently to him, rubbing her back until she felt more in control and Desiree stepped back, smiling bravely. “You are welcome at my home always, Tim. Au revoir.”



Chapter Forty-Three


Stephen slipped on his breeches and moved to the window, looking past the grimy pane to the misty glow of a lantern in the courtyard below which cut through the dense fog of London’s waterfront. It was December and England was shrouded in bleak misty fog more often than at any other time of the year. It was fitting, he decided, the gloom outside mirrored his own mood; cold, empty, lonely. The bed creaked and he turned to see the young woman reach for her clothes and he watched as she dressed, taking in the feminine curves without feeling any emotion.
“I be goin’ then, Sir,” she nodded, picking up the fee he had dropped upon the table. She turned back to him to speak further but thought better of it and left the room quickly.
Stephen took a large draw of dark rum from the bottle and sat heavily at the table. He winced, testing the bluish flesh over his ribs and breathed deeply, sitting straight to ease the pain somewhat. He was developing a pattern, a ritual of sorts, beginning each evening scouting the front, looking for a good fight and after punishing an opponent and usually receiving a fair amount of punishment himself, he would end the night in this shoddy room near the docks attempting to regain his former vigor and again he had failed miserably.
The women were by no means unusual and he had never held himself above taking a whore if she were comely and clean but his inability was tormenting him. He was constantly fighting against his emotions, his irrational wanting of Desiree and no other. This night was his last time the fool. The woman who just left would surely be spreading the information around to her peers about collecting a full fee for no services. He had in essence been castrated, it seemed. He didn’t enjoy the feel of a woman, no passion, nothing at all. And then, as tonight he would need to drink himself into a stupor in order to sleep undisturbed by dreams of Desiree and the torment of all that had occurred between them that he still did not understand. He shook his head trying to clear his mind, then stood, taking the bottle and sat upon the bed leaning back against the headboard.
His gaze was drawn across the room to his dark brooding eyes, reflected in a tall mirror standing upon the floor. He noticed a darkening beneath one eye and touched the flesh gingerly, then winced, pulling his hand back to examine a recently dislocated index finger. The swelling was subsiding but he could have sworn that when Ham forced it back into place, more damage had been done than good.
He lifted the bottle to his lips drinking deeply, then he stood slowly from the bed, approaching the mirror and examining his side and the tender cracked ribs beneath. He shook his head with a disgusted sigh. “What the hell are you doing, Colter?” he asked his reflection, while rubbing across the heavy beard which shadowed his jaw. “Why does one French virgin bring you to your knees, crumble your soul leaving you an empty shell?” He shrugged his shoulders at his reflection and turned away, sitting again upon the edge of the bed.
He tipped the bottle once more, gritting down the harsh, oily rum. It is insanity to love her still!, he thought bitterly. She played me for a fool. Making me the buffoon for her amusement! What sorcery has she used upon me to leave me wanting her so? Have I no will of my own? Why do I feel as though I would be betraying her by the taking of another when she hates me, fled me, is no longer mine in any sense? I take fleeting pleasant memories and give them substance, making some imagined significance out of nothing! I dream of her form and claim it as mine, and by what right? That she was innocent and I deflowered her? How very simple-minded can one man be? He chuckled aloud at himself and his thoughts, in disgust.
He rose from the bed, dousing the candle upon the table with wetted fingers and staggered back to slowly lay down, mindful of his battered body. She would be in France now or arrive by the first of the year, he calculated. He had taken a more southerly route, catching a strong tailwind on the way and had made record time, pushing his arrival up by a good week. Now he would be off tomorrow for the colonies and would not be tempted to go to France to search her out as that thought had crossed his mind several times over the past few days.
His mind wandered back over their last day together. The last time he had held her, kissed her and then had made love to her. He closed his eyes, remembering the feel of her body beneath his hands, the warmth of her embrace as she welcomed him in spite of their mutual rage. It had been pure frenzy as they consumed one another as though fighting the deciding battle in a very long war. And then finally leaving the anger behind and sharing themselves tenderly without words until they were spent and empty of emotion and shared a final last kiss. For himself he had fought to hold in all the pleas running through his mind that day. So many things he had wanted to say but could not. He had wanted to tell her he loved her and beg her to stay and grovel at her feet and plead for her love, but his own stupid pride had prevented him from voicing any of it.
“Will this hell never end?” he softly asked aloud. “Will I never be free?” He breathed deeply trying again to clear the thoughts of Desiree but the memories washed over him and he lay transfixed, staring blankly into the darkness, while she tread heavily upon his mind.

***

It was a cold January morning when Desiree stood solemnly at the rail, watching the dense fog lift, exposing Le Havre beneath. Dark wisps of smoke from fireplaces stoked against the chill mingled with the misty fog softening the harshness of the waterfront. Desiree smiled, her hand slipping over her slightly rounded abdomen and the flutter she felt beneath her palm. “This will be your land, your home,” she whispered. “We shall be fine,” she assured gently, caressing the child within.
Bridgett joined her at the rail, lifting Desiree’s hood and covering her head. “You don’t want to catch a chill, sweet,” she said, kissing Desiree’s cheek. “You should come down for breakfast soon.”
“I shall Bridgett, in a few minutes,” Desiree sighed, patting her hand while her eyes remained upon the approaching land.
“All right, dear,” Bridgett nodded, leaving Desiree alone once more.
Desiree felt elated. She was almost home and the pain of the past months had dimmed somewhat. She knew that she had made the right decision to go. She felt no malice toward Stephen, only glimpses of memory without emotion connected to them. He seemed to have been an imagining and if not for the child, she could almost believe it had all been a dream.
The first days on board the ship had been difficult, as the discomfort from their lovemaking had persisted and she was worried she would lose the baby. She had prayed for the pains to cease and after three days her prayers had been answered and now she had proof of the child, nearing the fifth month. She could feel it and see it growing, adding roundness to her stomach and it was a glorious experience.
Bridgett had discovered her pregnancy without a word from her. Her gowns became overly snug and uncomfortable early in their voyage and Bridgett had found she was unable to draw the lacing in about her waist and one morning after doing what she could with them, she had sat down upon her bunk and began to cry. “How far along are you?” she had wept.
She had rushed to her side and hugged her nurse. “Don’t cry, Bridgett. I want this baby. I am so happy about it! I wanted to tell you but hadn’t been able to find the right time. I believe it was conceived in September. It shall be due in June. What a lovely month for a baby to be born!” she had sighed happily.
“Did Stephen refuse to wed?” Bridgett had demanded.
“No, he does not know. I told no one but Timothy and he gave me his word he would keep it to himself. I didn’t want to force Stephen into marriage. We shall be fine this way. Bridgett, it shall be wonderful!”
“Oui,” Bridgett had agreed, wiping her eyes and brightening. “I cared for you and now your child. Well,” she had walked to a satchel and withdrawn her sewing box, “I see I shall have a task ahead of me, modifying a few of your gowns. We shall need to see about appropriate apparel upon our arrival.”
Bridgett had loosened the seams along the tapered waists, adding a few inches breathing space for her added girth and they had served to mask her growing bump from Captain Phillips and his crew. She was not sure how close any of the men were to Stephen but could not afford them going back to him with tales of her condition. None were aware and now they would be departing their company and the last tie with Somerset, Bermuda and Stephen Colter would be severed.

***

Bridgett and Desiree stood near the landing waiting for a young sailor to hire a carriage from Rouen to their home. Desiree sat wearily upon a heavy trunk, exhausted by the sail from Le Havre to Rouen. In but a few short hours, she thought, I will be home. She relished the idea of lying down for a much needed rest. She noticed Bridgett observing her closely, with concern.
“I am fine but tired,” Desiree assured, glancing about the docks at the familiar sights. She had hoped to see Philippe, since much of his time was spent here at the docks but he was nowhere in sight.
Bridgett was keeping a watchful eye on Desiree when she saw her mistress’ eyes open wide, her face lit up with pleasure as she squealed with delight. Bridgett turned and saw Honore’ Romains strolling in their direction. He had not yet noticed them and Desiree stood from the trunk and before Bridgett could restrain her, she was running the short distance toward him.
“Honore’!” Desiree cried. His face went from stunned, to a wide grin and she leapt into his waiting outstretched arms. He whirled her about and she clasped her arms about his neck, laughing and crying at once.
“Honore’, put her down!” Bridgett shrieked, rushing up. She was frantic fearing he might crush Desiree or more likely injure the babe with his exuberance. Honore’ set Desiree gently before him but continued to hold her about the waist within his arms.
“Ma Cherie, when did you return? How are you? Mon Dieu, I have missed you!” he chuckled, kissing her mouth lightly. “You look beautiful, glowing even,” he marveled. It was at this moment and as he held her close within his arms when he noticed something out of sorts. He pulled back, searching her face. His hand moved beneath her cloak, to the taut rounded belly and his eyes widened.
Desiree took his hand in her own and held it tightly. “Don’t say a word, it is a long story and I shall explain but not here, not now,” she stated softly, looking about the crowded docks. Honore’ was anything but subtle and Desiree knew that he would be beside himself with anger and she would rather he hear it in private where his comments would not matter.
“Can I assume that your husband is attending to your bags?” he asked removing his hand from hers with a tight smile.
“No, there is no husband,” she whispered and flinched as he slammed his fist into the palm of his other hand.
“Who was it? I’ll geld the bastard whoever it was!” he growled under his breath.
She knew he was deadly serious. He was so very hot headed and a formidable brawler when need be but she had no doubt that he would be out matched in a bout with Stephen. Thank goodness they would never meet, for Honore’ would surely do his best to try and defend her honor.
“Please stop this, Honore’. What is done is done. I won’t speak more on it with you if you are going to be so upset. I know how you must feel but please calm down, for me?” she pleaded.
“I’m sorry—I’m sorry,” he breathed, wrapping a sheltering arm about her shoulders. “I shall wait for your explanation before I go into a rage.”
“Desiree?” Antoine questioned, peering over Honore’s shoulder to see who he had found.
“Antoine!” Desiree cried.
He laughed with joy, pulling her into his arms and was about to give her a bear hug when Honore’ clamped down upon his shoulder roughly. “Easy boy, our lady is in a delicate condition,” he informed raising an eyebrow meaningfully. Antoine released Desiree so abruptly it was as though he had been burned.
Desiree looked to Honore’ miserably and then back to Antoine. “Don’t look at me that way, Antoine! Please!” she whispered softly, turning her back to him with tears glistening in her eyes.
Antoine came from his daze, shaking his head at his own stupidity and touched her shoulder, gently turning her around and pulling her against his chest. “I’m sorry, don’t cry. I didn’t mean to upset you. I am so happy you have come home!” he declared, wiping her tears away and kissing her cheek affectionately. “Will you tell me who is responsible? Who is the father?” he asked quietly.
“Not now. It is a long story,” Desiree sniffed, hugging him tight.
Antoine pulled back, looking about the docks. “Have you seen Rene’ yet?”
“No, is he in town also?” Desiree asked in disbelief.
“Oui, I met him along the road and he joined me for the ride into town,” Antoine confirmed.
“I came alone,” Honore’ offered.
Bridgett stood back watching Desiree and her friends, deciding to herself that it was good for Desiree to be home. These young men would help her to open up about her feelings where she had failed. The conversation was light now but she knew if given a short time alone with them, they would lighten the load upon her shoulders which her young mistress needed desperately to do.
The sailor walked up to Bridgett, nodding politely. “Madame, I have found a coach if you are ready now. I will see you there and bring your luggage.”
Bridgett looked to Desiree and saw her dejected expression. “Antoine? Do you plan on leaving for home soon?” Bridgett ventured.
“Within the hour. Rene’ may not be finished with his business but his horse is with my carriage. We needn’t linger and wait on him.”
“Would you be able to see Desiree home in your carriage if I leave her in your care?” Bridgett queried.
“Of course! Desiree, would you like to stay with us? My carriage is just around the corner,” Antoine offered happily.
“Oui, I would!” Desiree exclaimed.
Bridgett gestured to the luggage. “I will take our things then and go on ahead. Now you two take good care of her.”
They both gave her stunned expressions. “Don’t we always?” Honore’ asked.
Bridgett had to nod in agreement, for it was so very true. She walked off with the young sailor to the waiting carriage, watching over her shoulder as Desiree disappeared around the corner on the arms of both men.

***

Antoine’s carriage stood in waiting before the boutiques along Le Duexe Avenue and the three stood beside it talking softly.
“Here he comes,” Honore’ said under his breath and gestured with a nod, looking over Desiree’s head as she turned to see Rene’ striding calmly toward them. His eyes were on her back, as if trying to decide whom she might be but when she turned, his eyes lit up and a wide grin broke across his handsome face. She didn’t move, instead waiting on him to approach and gently hugged him, lightly kissing his lips.
“Did you just arrive?” he grinned happily. Desiree nodded and he looked to her two companions and the sober expressions they wore and he frowned. “What is wrong with you two? You look as though you could kill.”
Desiree turned to look at their faces and then looked back to Rene’. “Are you finished with your business here?”
“Oui,” he confirmed.
“Antoine, could we be on our way?” she asked softly and he nodded. She turned again to Rene’. “Will you join us?”
“Just try to stop me,” Rene’ chuckled, moving to tie his horse to the rear of the carriage.
“Well, Desiree. I have my own carriage. I shall come over tomorrow if that is all right with you,” Honore’ asked.
“Of course, that would be fine,” Desiree agreed, hugging him once more and kissing his cheek she whispered. “Please, keep this to yourself for now.”
“I shall, have no fear. Take care of our lady, men.” he commanded and strode away.
Antoine helped Desiree up into the carriage and Rene’ followed next, taking a seat at her side. Antoine called to the driver and closed the door, taking a seat opposite them.
“So tell us all about the colonies,” Rene’ began, covering himself and Desiree with a lap blanket and putting an arm around her shoulders.
Desiree looked to Antoine and then to Rene’. “I must tell you of much more than the colonies. I—I am pregnant, Rene’. Nearly five months so.” She squeezed his hand and waited for his reaction. He looked across to Antoine and received a sober nod then moved his hand to her stomach, feeling the small rounded evidence of her words and sighed heavily, drawing her closer against his side.
“Oh Desiree,” he said softly. “The one time we let you out of our sight and look what happens.”
She smiled up at him and he wiped a tear from her cheek then placed a kiss there.
“Move over you two,” Antoine chuckled. He seated himself on Desiree’s other side, hiking his feet up on the seat across from him and Desiree pulled the edge of the blanket across his lap, snuggling down between the two of them contentedly.
“We are here for you, my sweet. Would you care to talk about it?” Rene’ asked, squeezing her shoulders.
“Oui. I have wished for this moment for so long. I have needed to talk with you, both of you! I have missed you so much!” she said in a trembling voice. She kissed each upon their cheeks and then began relating the tale of the last months to her very best friends.

***

Along the road from Rouen, Desiree ran the gamut of emotions as she related the steps of her experiences. Rene’ and Antoine sat quietly for the most part, occasionally urging her on when she faltered, asking her questions here and there to fill in the sketchy places of her story and when it was all told, they sat thoughtfully for a few minutes before speaking.
“Do you expect to see Captain Colter again?” Rene’ asked, adjusting his position on the seat so he could lean back against the side of the carriage facing Desiree and Antoine.
“No, I do not,” Desiree shook her head as she wiped her nose with a handkerchief. “He hates me,” she continued miserably.
“And what of this pirate Greaves? What will he do when he returns to find you have gone?” Antoine interjected and Desiree turned to look at him.
“I don’t know what he will do.”
“Will he come here to bring you the news?”
“I don’t believe so. He is a wanted man by some countries. I doubt he would travel inland. It could be dangerous for him.”
“Well, assuming he will not come, we are going to need to see about guards to protect you at once. We shall need to possibly send someone to Somerset or Nevis to try and obtain news if it does not make its way to you here,” Rene’ decided.
Antoine nodded. “Until we have answers, we will need you to have guards on the grounds and at the house; someone with you at all times. Julien and Jacques Monet are hardly deterrents.”
“But there are stable hands, drivers. I am sure I shall be just fine,” Desiree said clasping Antoine’s arm and looking from the window. “Oh, the lake! We are almost there!” she squealed, grabbing Rene’ and shaking both their arms. “I would love to go for a swim!”
“You shall not!” they both barked in unison and Desiree giggled at their stern expressions. She knew the water would be freezing. They were in the midst of a January thaw and the air was almost as warm as a spring day but soon, snow and the cold would be upon them once more.
“I haven’t heard a word of what you two have done since my departure,” she said, changing the subject. “Have you started on your house, Antoine?”
“Not yet. I was planning to begin in the next month. I think you shall be pleased with your home. It is almost as before—look,” he pointed out the window and across the lake.
The house loomed large beside the water and she was pleased to see it was identical to what it had been. The large dormers on the second floor and the steep sloping roof which gave it a fairytale quality were there, the stone front and the sweeping veranda were all as she remembered. “It looks beautiful,” she sighed happily.
“You should have witnessed Monsieur Monet’s ire when a change was suggested. He wanted it just so, for you. He wouldn’t settle for anything less,” Antoine chuckled.
“I am anxious to see him and Mary and everyone but most of all I wanted to see you,” she gasped all of a sudden. “Oh, what about Philippe? What shall I say to him?” She covered her mouth with her hand in dread. Philippe had always been so innocent and shy. What would he think of the things she had been through and her present condition?
Antoine laughed, reading her mind. “Desiree, my love, he will take it just fine. He has grown up a lot this last year in your absence, close to eighteen now and not quite so innocent anymore,” he winked suggestively.
Rene’ chuckled. “He is doing well for himself, Desiree. He owns his sloop now and is making a good living transporting cargo. He even bought a parcel of land from Francois Roche’, north of the lake. It’s not much but he will soon be able to build his home there.”
“I always knew he would make his own way,” Desiree smiled happily.
“You should see the girls after him now! They can’t get enough of him,” Rene’ growled. “Grown into quite a ladies man.”
Antoine laughed at Desiree’s surprised expression and kissed her cheek. “So don’t worry about Philippe. He will handle news of this little fellow just fine.”
“What of you two? Is marriage on the horizon? Anyone special in your lives?”
“Not for me,” Antoine piped up. “I am too young to marry. I am still in the process of shopping and I am enjoying every minute of it.”
“What of you, Rene’?” Desiree asked with a mischievous grin, in silent communication.
“I am ready to marry,” he narrowed his eyes. “Are you ready to marry me?”
Desiree giggled and Antoine shot straight up in his seat, gaping at him.
“That is bad form!” Antoine rebuked him. “Especially with Desiree in this condition! What if she were to take you seriously?”
“Then I would marry her,” Rene’ chuckled, enjoying the purple hue of Antoine’s face.
“You listen to me, Monsieur Vermillion!” Antoine roared, jabbing a finger toward Rene’. “You stay away from her! You so much as lay a finger on Desiree and I shall beat you to within an inch of your life!”
“Ha! I doubt you could accomplish that!” Rene’ returned and his voice rose to match Antoine’s.
Antoine glared evilly at Rene’ while Desiree sat small and quiet between the two, watching the scene. It was true, she thought, the two were fairly equal in size, both tall and lean and she doubted one could best the other. Antoine made no remark for a moment, and then he chuckled in amusement.
“Perhaps not, but Honore’ could surely accomplish it!” he laughed and Rene’ joined him, the tense moment overcome.
“So true!” Rene’ laughed. “Fear not, Antoine I have guarded her honor for the last eighteen years and I shall continue, just as you shall.”
“I can’t tolerate the way you speak of me as if some prized mare, besides which my honor is a tad tarnished, wouldn’t you say?” Desiree asked softly, not really expecting a reply.
“Don’t talk like that, Desiree,” Rene’ sobered. “You made a mistake, an error in judgment.”
“Oui, a mistake to be sure,” Desiree whispered.

***

Desiree had no idea her home coming would be so emotional or tearful. She was not sure what she had expected but she hadn’t thought of the tears Mary would shed, the outrage Jacques Monet would display or how she would be interrogated as soon as she entered her home.
She sat upon a sofa in the drawing room, near what had once been the door to her father’s study. She felt not quite comfortable with her new surroundings. Although the floor plan was identical, the furnishings were new and she felt out of place. She sat beside Bridgett and could have been standing trial given the solemn expressions of the people gathered before her; as she related the details of her voyage for the third time, this time for the Roche’s and Philippe. Antoine had left shortly after their arrival and alerted the Roche’s of her presence and they had come straight away.
Philippe stood near the French doors, gazing at her with a pained expression as she told of her ordeal. Rene’ sat with a drink in his hand, smiling when she would look to him for encouragement. Mary sat beside a very calm Madeleine Roche’ weeping and shaking her head with a kerchief in one hand and the other over her mouth. Francois Roche’ and Jacques Monet stood before her conducting the interrogation.
“And you say this pirate, he has no idea who was behind this scheme?” Jacques asked, pacing before Desiree.
“No,” Desiree sighed. “He was paid through Mac, who was paid through another and another before that. But he has vowed to find him or them, and I have his word on that.”
“This other man—Kirwood—where is he?” Francois joined the questioning.
“He is imprisoned by now but he knows nothing except that it was a Frenchman who hired him.”
“This is ludicrous!” Jacques stormed. “And this Colter, what of him?”
Desiree lowered her eyes and Bridgett patted her hand.
“That is between Desiree and Captain Colter but needless to say, they had irreconcilable differences,” Bridgett stated softly.
“Did he refuse to take responsibility?” Francois asked from the sideboard, where he poured and then emptied a healthy drink of fine brandy.
“No, he did not refuse. He is unaware of the child,” Desiree said quietly.
“Well, perhaps we shall see about informing him and have you properly wed!” Jacques nodded curtly, looking to Francois for his affirmation.
Desiree stood from her seat abruptly. “No!” she shouted, and then her eyes swept the room, taking in the surprised expressions of the people about her. She burst into tears, unable to take any more talk of Stephen or the plans they were considering. “This is my concern! No one else’s! I will not allow that! He shall not be told. I simply will not allow it!” Her voice broke and she dashed from the room and up the stairs with Bridgett hurrying after her while the rest sobered, looking at one another in shock.
Rene’ emptied his drink setting the glass down sharply and rose, jamming his hands into his coat pockets as he looked to each of the others in the room. “It seems clear to me that Desiree has been through enough! I would like to suggest this be dropped now. She is home, safe, and needs all our support!” He nodded curtly at Jacques and Francois and left the room and then exited the house.
“I must reluctantly agree with Rene’,” Francois sighed, taking his wife’s hand and assisting her from her seat. “Mary, we shall come around after she has had time to settle in. Philippe, let’s be going.”
The three departed and Mary wiped her eyes, rising to go about her duties. Jacques Monet stood alone in the room for a moment and then with a shake of his head, walked into the study to do some work before the afternoon was gone.



Chapter Forty-Four


A brutal north wind cut into Timothy Colter as he trudged through the slush along the waterfront making his way to the Windward. The New Year had come and gone; it was early February and Mother Nature was dealing out her worst upon the Northern Hemisphere.
He pulled the heavy woolen coat close about his neck and jumped onto the icy main deck of the Windward. “What the hell is going on?” he barked at Davison who was leaning against the far rail enjoying a pipe.
“Timmy!” Davison shouted, coming to his full height. “Never have I been so glad to see someone in my life! Ham!” he bellowed. “Tim is here!”
Ham appeared from the forward hold and Tim raised a brow in question. “Where is Stephen, Ham?”
The crew gathered around and Ham rubbed his bristled jaw. “He’s in the Jamestown jail, Timmy. I was just going to see what might be done about selling some cargo on the market to raise enough to spring him.”
“What did he do?” Tim asked in amazement, looking about the group of men. Some chuckled while others only shook their heads.
Ham spoke up. “He got into a brawl, only this time he nearly destroyed a common room up the docks single-handedly. It will take three hundred pounds to have him released.”
“Three-hundred pounds!” Tim choked. “But Ham, what about the strongbox?”
Ham shook his head. “Less than fifty pounds.”
Tim rubbed across his face wearily with both hands.” I’ll take care of it. Which way to the jail?” he sighed.
Ham pointed off the bow. “Past the center square and around back of the merchant shops.” He looked at the men gathered in a cluster about them, then gestured to Tim. “Could I have a word with you alone?”
Tim accompanied him to the bow away from the crew and Ham spoke softly, his expression concerned. “Timmy, I am very worried about Stephen. He has done nothing but drink and brawl his way from England to here. He’s changed, Timmy. I have never seen him like this before. Christ, we would have made record time leaving here until he got hauled in. We have been sitting here for three days now wondering what to do. It isn’t like him to be so reckless, at least not enough to interfere with business. I can’t get through to him, but maybe you can.”
“I’ve heard of his exploits, Ham. That’s all I’ve heard. I can try to talk with him but I don’t know what good that will do. If you can’t get through to him, I doubt I will be able. Thanks for telling me though and I should have him out soon.”
“Thanks, Timmy,” Ham said with a handshake.

***

Tim walked along the street toward the jail, deep in thought. If Ham was worried, Stephen must surely be in bad shape. Ham and he had always shared a very close relationship, almost like father and son, ever since the deaths of Dan and Will. For years they had been inseparable. Ham had sailed with Stephen every voyage since that time. He had always been Stephen’s confidant. If Stephen wouldn’t talk to him, he must be in a terrible state and he had a good idea what it was about: Desiree. Stephen had left port the day after Desiree and Tim knew he was going back to sea to forget but it looked as though it had backfired.

***

Stephen stood from the low pallet when the key turned and the heavy bar slid back.
“Okay, Colter. Let’s go,” the guard ordered brusquely.
Stephen stepped from the cell and Tim glared at him from across the dim, dusty floored main room.
“Tim, am I glad to see you!” Stephen sighed. He received no similar response, only an icy perusal that at least matched the wintry cold outside. He knew he looked a sight. His clothes were in tatters from the brawl, a full beard covered his jaw and he was in definite need of a bath. He chuckled as Tim took in his appearance.
“You are free to go,” the guard grunted, handing Stephen his great coat and taking his seat at the tall desk.
Stephen donned his coat and preceded Tim out the door, flinching as the bright sunlight assaulted his eyes. “Did you stop by the ship? Of course you did, how else would you have known where to find me,” Stephen stated, answering his own question. “Well, I am glad you showed up.” He pulled his coat about him tighter. “Coming back to the Windward?”
Tim shook his head. “No, I have some work to do. I’ll be around to see you later.” He stepped out into the street, heading toward the warehouses but stopped abruptly and turned around. “Stephen!” he called. Stephen stopped on the walk and turned back. “Stay close by where I can find you. We need to talk.”
Stephen nodded. “You know where to find me.”
He turned and headed down the walk and Tim stood watching him for another moment, and then started across the street. It would be better to let him get to the ship, get cleaned up and square things with his crew before he tried to talk with him, he decided.

***

It was near nightfall when Tim walked along the docks toward the Windward and was met, by Stephen, heading in the opposite direction. Tim stopped and looked at his older brother quizzically.
Stephen smiled congenially. “Come on, let me buy you a drink,” he offered, reaching out and turning him about by the shoulders to the direction he was headed.
“I thought you destroyed the place,” Tim stated dryly.
“One place—I have an inn further up town in mind,” Stephen laughed.
Tim shook his head with resignation. “Lead on, Stephen.”
“That’s the spirit!” Stephen chuckled, giving him a slap upon the back for good measure.
Tim looked at Stephen’s face as they walked along and noticed dark circles beneath his eyes. It seemed he hadn’t slept well during his imprisonment. He had bathed and shaved, he noted, and he was impeccably groomed but he sported a wicked bruise across one cheek and a gash across his forehead. He was favoring one arm and his knuckles on both hands were swollen and split from frequent use in combat. He looked like hell and Tim could see there was definitely much to worry about where Stephen was concerned.

***

The inn as Stephen referred to it was no more than a shoddy brothel. It was a large two story building, once a private residence, which in its day had been grand. Now it was in a sorry state of disrepair. It looked to have been whitewashed at some time in the distant past but weathered and splintered gray wood told of a lack of care. Harpsichord music filtered through a window near the front door and Stephen bounded up the steps and entered as Tim followed close behind.
An elderly woman, with silver hair and a well tended figure greeted them with a lilting laugh. “Welcome! Come in, come in. Welcome to you both.”
She was French and Tim was reminded of Desiree and her gentle, flowing accent so pleasing to the ear.
They were led through a gaudy front room, graced with red velvet furnishings and a plush rug of the same crimson, through a dark oaken archway and into what might have once been a formal ballroom but now served as a common room. The room was dimmed and shades at the windows were drawn down. A few candles in sconces upon the walls emitted the only light and Tim squinted to make out the room and its occupants. It was partially filled with patrons and many women moved amid the men, seeing to their needs.
The Madame showed them to a table and returned moments later with two large tankards of ale. Stephen drank deeply of his tankard and Tim watched his eyes as he observed the women waiting tables and lounging against the bar in provocative clothing.
Stephen noticed Tim’s regard on him and then nodded toward the women. “See any you like?” he asked.
“Sorry to disappoint you, Stephen but this isn’t for me,” Tim replied dryly. He was unaccustomed to such a low grade of entertainment. He had never gone in much for whores as Stephen had.
“I’ll tell you what little brother. I consider this place my own little form of self torture. Don’t tell me you don’t hear the flowing French accents,” he paused holding up an index finger as if to say wait, and emptying his drink he then motioned to a maid to bring him another. As she approached he drew Tim’s attention to her, “And I would like for you to meet Rosalie. Rosalie this is my brother Tim.”
“Tim, it is very nice to make your acquaintance,” she had a very seductive French accent.
Tim acknowledged her kindly and then looked to Stephen who smiled at him in silent communication and then went back to giving his full attention to the raven-haired young woman with the light-blue eyes. It was obvious to Tim as he watched Stephen that he was reminded of Desiree. The woman was nowhere near Desiree’s caliber for looks but there were similarities.
“Thank you, Rosalie. That will be all for now,” Stephen stated, dropping the cost of his drink into her palm.
“See what I mean, Tim? My own private torture chamber,” Stephen said good-naturedly. “But I welcome it.”
“So you frequent this place and wallow in self pity and how does that help? With the tales I have been hearing of your exploits from England to here, nothing you are doing seems to be helping your state.”
“Perhaps not,” Stephen said with a sad smile and leaning back, studied his tankard. “But I keep trying. I know you are too picky to approve of this sort of sport but I hope you won’t think ill of me if I continue to attempt to find some semblance of my former life. Truth be known, I can’t recall what my life even was before the events of this last year.”
“I always have been picky and truth be known Stephen, I don’t begrudge you this, but I just think your life could be so much more than this. It’s all about making the correct choices for your life, you know?” Tim asked.
Stephen chuckled softly. “Very poetic and admirable, Tim. You are lucky that you have choices.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tim asked in confusion.
“Oh nothing…not a damn thing…” Stephen shook his head, changing the subject to the recent voyage and what he had acquired in goods which would be returning to Somerset with him.
Some time later Rosalie again approached their table to see to their needs and be sure they were not lacking for libations and this time Stephen took her by the wrist and with his gentle urging she seated herself upon his lap and he nuzzled her neck playfully.
“May I interest you in a stroll upstairs, Monsieur?” she asked softly in his ear. “I would be very pleased to join you there.”
Tim was not surprised by this development but was a little disappointed in Stephen and had hoped to avoid this kind of interruption in their discussion tonight.
Stephen rose and smiled at his brother almost apologetically. “Tim, have another drink on me won’t you? I will be back in a little while,” he winked and tossed a couple coins upon the table before him and he walked off, his hand riding along the French girl’s waist as she led him to the second story staircase.
Tim was surprised when less than fifteen minutes later Stephen returned, sitting down across from him and the woman Rosalie brought him another drink and departed without comment. Stephen drank deeply from the pewter tankard and then stared blankly at the table as though not aware that he sat across from him.
“Hey! Are you all right?” Tim asked, rapping the table with his knuckles to gain his attention. Stephen nodded without looking up. “What happened up there? Awfully quick transaction wasn’t it, or did you change your mind?”
Stephen looked up and made no comment but drew heavily on his tankard, ignoring his questions.
“You should try one, Tim,” he finally said looking around the room. “The redhead over there, she looks mildly interesting.”
“No thank you. As I told you before, I prefer my intimacy, just that if you don’t mind.” Tim ground out.
Stephen shrugged and said nonchalantly. “For the record, this is the way to go, brother. You drop a coin, they spread their legs and the best part is they don’t expect much; they don’t expect anything!”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Tim barked and sat forward, slamming his drink down upon the table and glaring into Stephen’s cold eyes. “You are like a different man! Christ, your men sit aboard your ship for days, wondering how to get you out of jail for breaking up a tavern! You frequent whores and accomplish the act in less time than it takes a bull for God’s sake! All of it—this is all about Desiree, isn’t it? You are punishing yourself for everything that you know you did to her. Or perhaps what you are really trying to do is to punish her by destroying yourself! I’ll tell you something, Stephen. The only one being hurt by all of this is you! You need to grow up!”
“Shut your mouth, little brother or I will shut it for you,” Stephen growled.
“Oh, you think so? You’re on! Come on. Let’s step outside and maybe I will be able to knock some sense into that stupid head of yours!”
“No thanks,” Stephen shook his head and sat back in his chair casually. “I don’t want to mess up that pretty face of yours and besides I don’t want to spend another night in jail.”
Tim emptied his drink, standing. “Come on, let’s get out of here, Stephen. I’ve had enough of this place and enough to drink. We have things to discuss and we can do without an audience.”
“I’m staying. Go alone.”
“No, you are coming with me. I have some things to tell you, things which are going to shake you to your foundation and they are best heard in private.” Tossing a shilling on the table as a tip, he waited for Stephen to join him.
Stephen glared at him but his curiosity got the best of him and he rose and donned his coat, walking before him from the house.
The waterfront was relatively quiet and night had closed in, bringing with it the bitter cold. Their breath was visible in the calm air, illuminated by bright moonlight and frozen slush crunched beneath their booted feet as the two walked slowly along the docks and as they walked their tempers cooled.
“Stephen, can you tell me what it is? Why are you doing your level best to destroy yourself?” Tim asked and when he didn’t receive an answer he grasped Stephen’s shoulder, halting his steps. “Talk to me Stephen!” he demanded sharply.
“Tim,” Stephen sighed, leaning against a piling and crossing his arms over his chest. “I can’t explain it, it’s a feeling, —or lack of it. The honest truth, Tim, and I hate to admit this to you or to anyone, but I can’t touch a woman. Back there, Rosalie, nothing happened. I did however pay her very well for a few minutes of earnest trying,” he paused with a short laugh, attempting to form his muddled thoughts into words. “Do you know what it is like to look at a woman and be unable to feel anything? God’s truth Tim, I wish I could. I wish I could act like some mindless stud, with as much feeling as any mangy dog with a bitch in heat.” He rubbed his hand across his jaw wearily. “It would be preferable to the celibacy my body has imposed upon me. I am unable to even consider…”
“What about Desiree?” Tim interrupted. “What do you feel when you think of her, if you think of her?”
Stephen chuckled, pushing off of the piling and standing tall before him. “Oh, Timmy my boy, let’s just say it is a painful double-edged sword. I try and keep those thoughts at bay but even at that I fail miserably and then I welcome the pain. Pain is better than nothing.”
“Come on,” Tim urged, shuffling his feet and rubbing his hands together briskly. “Let’s get to the Windward and out of the cold.”

***

Tim took a seat opposite Stephen at his desk. Leaning back in thought, he watched Stephen stare into a drink lost in his own musings.
“Are you ready to hear what I have to tell you?” he began.
“Tim, what could you have to tell me?” Stephen sighed. “There is nothing you can tell me that I don’t already know or that you haven’t told me before.”
“It’s time you understand about, Desiree. Why she was leaving that day. Why she tried her best to be gone before you arrived back.”
“So it was calculated! I should have known.”
“It is time you understood her reasons, Stephen, and time you realized that Desiree loved you.”
Stephen’s bitter laughter interrupted him, filling the room and then he snapped caustically, “Christ, Tim. What do you know about it? Any of it?”
“More than you do, obviously.”
“Ha! If what she heaped upon me was love, it terrifies me to think of what her hatred could do to my simple mind!”
“I know that she was innocent until that first voyage in your company,” Tim spat, his anger rising at Stephen’s cavalier attitude.
Stephen nodded with a wane smile and his voice was bitter. “Aye! Guilty as charged and let me tell you something Tim, I have paid my dues for her maidenhead.”
“I further know, “Tim ground out, “she was confused and totally unprepared for what she was involved in with you. She was frightened of what she had become, trying to act the worldly part of your mistress without any idea of how to play that part.”
“She was not my mistress, Tim. I never treated her as my mistress!” Stephen growled.
“Oh? What then, Stephen?” Tim raised a dubious brow. “You used her at your leisure, taking her without a thought!”
“No, it was never without a thought!” Stephen barked.
“You allowed Vanessa to ridicule her in your presence.”
“That is not so!” Stephen argued, sitting forward angrily. “I was every bit as much a victim of Vanessa’s schemes.”
“I don’t believe you gave a damn about Desiree!” Tim snapped back, intentionally stirring the pot with his remark, and sitting forward to glare at his brother, every bit as angry.
“Christ, Tim—I loved her, I love her still!” Stephen hissed. “I did my best to try and please her.”
“What about that last day! What happened, Stephen? Did you hurt her that last day?” Tim ground out.
“No! I did not!”
“I never took you for a liar, Stephen. I am disappointed in you, brother,” Tim spat.
“What the devil are you talking about, Tim? What are you accusing me of?” Stephen demanded in confusion.
“Are you going to sit there and tell me you did not force yourself on Desiree that morning when you went to her room?” Tim roared. “I know better, Stephen. I helped her to lace her gown…”
“What occurred,” Stephen ground out, “was between Desiree and myself is none of your concern and no, I did not force myself…”
“Again you lie!” Tim interrupted, coming to his feet and leaning over the desk toward Stephen. “Tell me, Stephen! If you care about my respect for you or want me to continue to call you brother, tell me what happened between you and Desiree that last morning? She wouldn’t say but I know you used her and used her badly!”
Stephen sprang from his seat, drawing back a closed fist to deliver a blow but seeing the defiance on Tim’s face he stopped himself. “Why on earth would you think such a thing of me? Because I took her innocence does not make me a monster, Tim. And because we were together that last morning does not mean it was rape!”
Tim had expected to be decked for his words; in fact, he was surprised his head was still between his shoulders. He was still not satisfied with the answers he was receiving though. He knew better. He glared across at Stephen as he decided that enough was enough with the lies. “I think you used her roughly and I think that rough use, likely cost her your child she carried!” he blurted.
Stephen’s rage vanished as the words penetrated his brain.
“What?” he whispered in disbelief. Tim shook his head, taking his seat again and looking down, refusing to respond. Stephen dropped back into his chair in shock. “What do you mean, Tim?” he croaked.
“That’s right,” Tim hissed, sitting back and glaring across the desk at Stephen. “She was pregnant with your child, Stephen. Try to lie about your actions now, see what ease it brings, when compared with all you forfeited.”
“She was pregnant?” he whispered.
“Over two months when she left,” Tim stated flatly.
“And you knew!” Stephen roared, slamming his hand down upon the arm of his chair.
“She confided in me that afternoon before the party. When we were seen on the bluffs by Vanessa, the comfort I was giving Desiree…”
“But Tim, why the hell wouldn’t she have told me?” Stephen shouted.
“If she thought you held anything but contempt for her, she would have told you but she didn’t want to force your hand. She didn’t want to hold you by those means and she had to leave before her condition became obvious!” Tim roared back.
“Pregnant!” Stephen repeated, sighing and hanging his head while rubbing his weary brow with one hand.
Tim had the distinct feeling that Stephen had missed part of what he had told him and slowly repeated, “What I said was true, Stephen. She may have been losing the child that last day as she left.” Stephen’s eyes snapped back up to his and he nodded. “I witnessed the pains and she refused to tell even Bridgett. I am not certain of course but for all I know, there is no longer any child.”
“Oh Christ,” Stephen whispered in horror. His mind went back to that last morning. He could recall every moment. He had lived it in his tortured nights a thousand times. Remembering how they had united like a dagger slamming home into its welcoming sheath. She rising again and again to meet him as their passion burned white hot for one another.
“Tim I have to know. I must go to her.”
Tim asked more gently, seeing the shock and pain his words had caused. “Stephen, what if you go there and there is no child? What if she refuses to see you?”
“She’ll see me,” Stephen assured with conviction.
“Stephen, you cannot straddle the fence any longer brother and if you cannot alight on the side a visit would suggest, then I beg you to leave it as is. Don’t hurt her more by storming back into her life with accusations or worse, with more of the same she endured before. If that is your intent, you will only reap more pain, for you and for Desiree. Please, don’t do that to her.”
“No—no more pain,” Stephen breathed wearily.
Tim sighed heavily. “I didn’t intend to blurt it out like that, Stephen and in truth I have committed a terrible breach of her trust.”
“I am so thankful that you told me. I am going to be heading home at first light, and from there on to France as soon as I can. I have to know her state, one way or the other.”
Tim nodded. “Stephen, if Desiree is what you want, which I believe she is, then I am sure you shall have her and you may well have a child soon, but I just beg that you please don’t go unless you are prepared to admit to her that you love her.”
“Tim, if that last morning was the cause and the child destroyed, I give you my word as a man and your brother that it was by accident. But if the child was lost, I don’t know what, if anything, Desiree and I will still have between us but she will have no doubt about my love, I assure you. For the rest, we shall have to wait and see. Tim,” Stephen stood and extended his hand across the desk. “Thank you for telling me.”
Tim clasped his hand with a sound shake. “Stephen, I shall be hoping for the best.”



Chapter Forty-Five


A small creek gurgled merrily, running clear and cool through the meadow and Rene’ paused beside it, stooping over to lift Desiree into his arms. Desiree blushed and whirled away from him, “I’m too heavy, I can walk—just hold my hand.”
“Don’t be silly! Come here!” Rene’ pointed to the ground before him with a stern scowl. “If I were to allow you to walk through this water, Bridgett would have my head!”
“You are going to break your back!” Desiree moaned with embarrassment but she came to him and allowed him to pick her up. She looped her arms about his neck, burying her face against his throat. “I’m as big as a barn!” she whined miserably.
Rene’ crossed the few paces through the rushing water, which came calf high on his tall boots and then set her to her own feet once more and placing a hand over her rounded belly he declared, “Even with this you hardly weigh anything,” he chuckled warmly. Desiree removed his hand from her stomach with a shy smile as they continued through the meadow, hand in hand.
It was March and the promise of an early spring was evident everywhere. Birds were busily gathering the makings of nests, the grass was green and lush, trees and bushes were budding and flowering while Desiree was fast approaching her seventh month. She was feeling weighted down and awkward. Bridgett continued to insist she was not overly large and true, she had seen women in this state who added pounds of flesh to their bodies where she had only the rounded belly, having gained little weight elsewhere. But after having always been so trim and exuberant, the added girth had made almost every pastime she normally enjoyed off limits. Including no horseback riding and no time spent alone to walk because she was constantly in the company of someone.
There were two guards hired by Jacques who were about the estate. Not typical hired hands but professional security men. They were from England, hand selected by Jacques for their expertise in such matters. They were rarely ever seen, but she knew they were out there, somewhere, keeping watch.
For her own personal security, Georges’ and two other stable hands had been assigned to her as body guards and she was not allowed to leave the house without finding one of them falling in step behind her. They were definitely not professional or even very good at being stealthy. Even sitting on the grounds reading, she would feel eyes upon her and turn to find Georges’ or one of the others within calling distance. It was quite unnerving to be constantly watched and so protected. At least she could feel a little more normal and comfortable with Rene’ or one of her other friends as her chaperones. At least they appeared to be on casual outings, when with Georges’ it was obvious that he was dogging her every move.
Rene’ had pleaded with her to take this walk today and now she waited patiently for the question he was sure to voice before the afternoon was over. He wanted to marry her and had asked several times in the past weeks. She had continued to deny him, and he continued to press it whenever he found the opportunity. Lately though, she had begun to ask herself why not? He would be a wonderful husband and as he told her every chance he could, he would love the baby as his own. She knew that he would. He would give her his love and everything her heart desired, but he was not Stephen Colter and Stephen was still in her heart, in her mind and growing within her body. She found that she just couldn’t let go of the love she still felt for him. It was over and she should forget, marry Rene’ and make a life with him and make him happy, but she could not feel the love for Rene’ which she had felt for Stephen. And it was solely for that reason that she knew it would not be fair. But Rene’ did not see it this way. He was convinced he could make her forget Stephen and love him, just as she was convinced it could not be done.
“Desiree?” Rene’ interrupted her thoughts. “Tell me something, would you?” he stopped before her and placing his hands upon her shoulders gently, waited for her response.
“Oui, what would you like me to tell you?” she questioned, innocently.
“Tell me you will marry me.”
“Not again Rene’!” she moaned. “Please stop. I’ve told you and told you. No.”
“But why?” he pressed, stooping down to her eye level with a foolish grin. “You know I am a great catch. Wealthy, the disposition of a saint, and just look at this face…” he pointed to his face with an index finger and flashed a brilliant smile while showing his profile. “Damn good looking, too! Nary a flaw.”
“Oh you…” Desiree stroked his jawline while pursing her lips. “You are the cutest thing I have ever seen and unfortunately you are only too aware of that!” she laughed lightly. “You are all you have said and more, but Rene’ I am six months gone with another man’s child,” she reminded him.
Rene’ growled, “I don’t want to hear that again and I am growing weary of telling you over and over again but…” he released his breath in a heavy sigh and grandly dropped to one knee before her holding her hand in one of his while the other he placed upon her belly. “I don’t care who is responsible for this child you carry. It will be my baby; not sired by me but in every other way. I love you and I will be the most loving husband and father you could ever hope to find. You know I would! And we would have other children, yours and mine and I would love all of them equally. I would cherish you to the day I die,” he grinned as a slight kick was felt beneath his palm. “He approves, I think!” he chuckled happily.
Desiree removed his hand from her and he came to his feet again. “Rene’, be realistic please!” she pleaded. “For goodness sake you are a brother to me. What on earth has come over you?” She kissed his cheek and then started to walk toward a clump of flowers across the meadow.
“That is ridiculous!” he called after her and Desiree rolled her eyes with a smile, for his voice was rising in pitch with exasperation. She heard him jog up behind her and then he placed himself before her once more, flailing his hands in the air, accentuating his words and with merriment dancing in his eyes. “We—are—not—related!” he confirmed slowly, pausing between each word. “Not in the least! We came from two separate sets of parents…” he held up two fingers. “We were raised in separate homes and like it or not Desiree my love, we grew up to be a man—” he said as he pointed to his chest with a teasing deliberateness in his voice, “and a woman—” he said touching her chin. “And we can marry—legally—if you would simply admit that you love me!” He raised his brows hopefully with a wide grin.
“I love you Rene’, but I won’t marry you. I cannot. I am still in love with him!” Desiree reminded him, carefully lowering herself down upon the grass amid the flowers. Rene’ joined her with a heavy sigh.
“You are in love with a memory, Desiree. He is gone. He hasn’t tried to contact you since you have been back. I’m here and I want you and the baby. I could make you happy, I know that I could.”
Desiree raised a hand, halting his words and nodded her head. “Oui, Rene’. I could consent and marry you. I could allow you to share in the raising of this child and I know you would love us and shower us with affection…”
“Then why—why don’t you just let me?” he whispered, interrupting her anxiously.
“It wouldn’t be fair to you,” Desiree exclaimed in exasperation and covered her face with her hands, massaging her aching brow. “Rene’, you are giving me a headache. Please, let’s end this now,” she pleaded from beneath her hands.
Rene’ pulled her hands down, clasping them between his own. “But it would be fair. I would have all I could ever want!”
“I don’t feel passion for you, Rene’. Nor you for me! To love someone totally, you must have all the elements. I learned at least that much from him,” Desiree confessed, dropping her eyes from his expectant ones.
Rene’ shook his head, for the moment at a loss. He didn’t know what else he could possibly say to convince her. He looked at her thoughtfully then he reached out, touching her chin, pulling her eyes up to meet his. His thumb ran along her delicate jaw and he moved forward, kissing her lips, at first hesitantly—gently, then more forcefully.
Desiree was totally surprised by the kiss and by the expertise he possessed. For the first time in their relationship she was able to think of him as a man. His mouth possessed hers greedily, and she returned his kiss, trying to feel just a trace of the emotions Stephen’s kiss had always aroused. It was different, pleasant and not at all awkward.
He pulled back and looked deeply into her eyes. “Anything?” he asked warmly.
“I think you are daft, Monsieur Vermillion!” Desiree giggled.
“Shhhh…” he hushed her and kissed her once more. His hand slowly moved down to her throat, then lower and Desiree pulled away in surprise. “What are you planning, Rene’?” she scowled. “You are mistaken if you think…”
“I don’t!” he interrupted, slightly injured by her accusing tone. “Have no fear my love, I have no intention of taking unfair advantage of you,” he crossed his heart with a silly grin. “I am just trying to prove to you it could work! You love me in every way but this. I want to show you that I can bring to life those same feelings for me, don’t you see?”
“Rene’, I find it hard to believe you can desire me, especially in this condition,” she laughed, touching her belly and searching his eyes wonderingly.
His hand covered hers and he chuckled. “This condition is only temporary and I find it quite becoming on you. You seem to think I am not susceptible to your charms and I assure you, that is not at all true. Granted, we have known one another for many years and we have been as close as brother and sister, even treated one another so, but the fact that you have grown into a beautiful woman has not escaped my notice. I want you for my wife, Desiree. I love everything about you and even your chatter doesn’t bother me anymore,” he laughed, recalling his former marriage proposal a year ago.
“Rene’, I am sure, no I am positive I would enjoy being in your arms. I could make love with you this moment and feel no remorse or shame in the act, but it would not change what I feel in my heart, and it would not change my decision.”
“But it would! It would change everything! I would not take you and cast you aside. It would be a bond I could not ignore. Just marry me and I will show you!”
Desiree bit her lower lip, picking a delicate white flower and pulling the petals off. “Exactly, Rene’. That is the bond I feel with Stephen. Whether it was a bond he cherished matters not. I gave him my heart. I cannot cast that aside. I cannot ignore it.”
“But he no longer exists in your life!”
“It wouldn’t work! I can’t forget! I love him and I carry his child!”
“Love me. Consider it my child,” he pleaded.
“Oh you are impossible! I shall refuse you admittance to my home and my company if you don’t stop!” She slapped his leg, dropping the subject.
Rene’ fell back onto the grass with a heavy sigh, looking to the clouds above. “This is not good for my pride,” he breathed. He recovered quickly though, grasping her arm. “Lay down.”
“What?”
“Lay down,” he repeated. “Here, on my arm.”
Desiree laughed at him but complied slowly. “You shall need to help me up now, you know. Now I am like a turtle, stranded upon its back!” She lay in the crook of his arm and made a comical expression, looking up at him with her eyes crossed.
“Stop that! And stop laughing, you little fool,” he scolded good-naturedly. He lowered his mouth to hers gently.
Desiree wrapped her fingers through his soft brown hair, returning his kiss, trying desperately to feel what he was attempting to arouse but she was simply unable to.
He pulled back with a grin. “Do you feel anything for me yet? Just try to think about how much I have meant to you over the years,” he winced, shaking his head. “No, don’t think that. You’ll only think of me as a brother again. Think of me as just a man, a man whom you only recently met and who has courted you passionately and adores you and pretend you adore me.”
“But I do adore you, silly!” she giggled. “No need to pretend.”
He leaned down once more and as his lips possessed hers, Desiree tried to imagine what it might be like to be loved by him. She touched the hard muscle of his lean ribs and along his waist, feeling the solid strength there. It was no use though. No use at all.
Rene’ pulled back once more and sighed. “I don’t know about you but I’m convinced! Marry me!” With a silly expression he kissed her again and Desiree giggled against his lips. “Please, Rene’,” she managed. “Stop!”
He gently caressed her belly, his amber eyes full of mischief. “And if I don’t?”
“I shall tell Antoine and Honore’ and they shall kill you!”
Rene’ scowled darkly and then chuckled. “You are right.” He stood and gently helped Desiree to her feet and they continued their walk slowly across the meadow with arms about one another and Rene’ stated, “You can’t hold on to a memory forever, Desiree.”
“Maybe not but for now I plan on having and caring for my baby alone. I don’t wish to marry and Rene’, I don’t want you to be hurt. If you don’t stop this, you may end up hating me and I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you over this. I love you too much.” She leaned against him, laying her head upon his chest.
“That shall never happen. We have more than this between us. No matter what, you shall have my undying devotion forever.”

***

Desiree sat upon her bed, allowing Bridgett to remove her shoes and stockings, then lay back upon the pillows to rest. “Rene’ asked me to marry him again today,” she sighed heavily.
“And? What did you say?” Bridgett asked excitedly, taking a seat beside her.
“No, of course. I will not marry him.”
Bridgett patted her hand comfortingly. “It’s early yet. You need time to forget Captain Colter.”
Desiree stared at her in amazement. “Forget him?” she questioned. “Bridgett, tell me, how am I to do that? Please tell me. How am I to forget? I love him still! I would welcome him with open arms if he walked through that door today. I have a part of him which shall be with me for the rest of my life, God willing, a constant reminder! It shall never be over and I shall never forget, Bridgett. I thought once that leaving him would end it, as though the distance would wipe him from my mind but time and distance have only served to enhance my pain,” she confessed miserably.
“I understand, sweet. Rene’ is very determined though. I have never seen him so set on something. He loves you very much and would love the baby.”
Bridgett spoke as though she hadn’t heard a word she had just said. She didn’t understand, not in the least. “I know all of that. Mon Dieu, I wish I could love him. Just forget everything and feel the way he does but…” she stopped mid-sentence. She was so tired; tired from defending her feelings throughout the afternoon with Rene’. “Maybe someday. I don’t know,” she sighed, to Bridgett’s pleasure.
“Well you rest now, sweet. I am sorry to have upset you.” Bridgett kissed her brow and took her leave.
Desiree turned to her side, facing the windows and massaged her belly feeling a tiny limb pushing out against her hand. “Perhaps you need a father, little one,” she said aloud. “And he is such a good man. Perhaps I could grow to love him as I loved your father. Perhaps I could love him better, without hurting him.”
Desiree thought of Rene’s kiss and imagined the lean frame above her, loving her; she felt nothing. Then she thought of Stephen, his kiss, his touch and the fusing of their bodies in ecstasy. She could see the dark-brown eyes, the strikingly handsome face. She could remember the feel of his muscular body possessing her and his voice, deep and rich urging her on, whispering tender endearments as they plunged upon the roaring tide of fulfillment, clinging tightly to one another and she felt her desire flare. She wanted him and only him, even now.
She dismissed thoughts of Rene’. For now, she could not even consider marriage to him. She closed her eyes and her mind was filled with past images, glimpses of reality which had occurred with Stephen. Then imaginings of how it might have been had she been wise, and she drifted into a dream feeling him, hearing his voice and she knew it would never be the same with any other man.



Chapter Forty-Six


Desiree lifted her crystal water goblet to join the others filled with wine and Francois Roche’ gazed into her eyes warmly. “To Desiree. May your nineteenth year be filled with happiness.”
“Here, Here!” echoed the table of guests.
“Merci, Francois,” Desiree said, smiling softly and touching her goblet with a clink to each of her well-wishers.
Her nineteenth year, she reflected silently, just one month from this day would be a year she had been without her parents. In two months, she would become a mother and would have, at long last, that small treasure who made its presence known to her often throughout her days. She was growing impatient to behold Stephen’s child. She wondered if she would bear a son or a daughter—if Stephen would be evident in its features and she prayed so. She prayed for a son, with blond locks and velvety deep-brown eyes to forever remind her of his father. So that as the years pass and the memory of Stephen began to fade, she would always have a likeness of him to enhance the memory.
Francois rose from his seat, holding his wife’s chair as she joined him and they rounded the table to place a kiss upon Desiree’s cheek. “Sweet, we must be off. The evening is growing late. Happy Birthday.”
Bridgett and Jacques also rose, excusing themselves for the evening, leaving Desiree and her friends to reminisce over their years of comradery, which had become a tradition between the five of them. Each one’s birthday was a time to recall their shared experiences and between the five, there was never a lack.

***

With a peal of laughter, Desiree questioned the table of friends. “Now who might this have been?” she lowered her voice to a pitch well below what was normal and frowned thoughtfully. “‘My breeches may be on inside out but a fortnight from now, it shall be all the rage, mark my words!’”
All eyes turned to Rene’ and he raised a hand, claiming responsibility as a roar of laughter went up. It had been a formal affair at the grand ballroom in Rouen, when Rene’ had arrived late, having been out carousing for hours and he was more than a little foxed. As he explained it, he had dressed in the carriage en route to arrive on time and somehow had managed to don his breeches inside out, fastened haphazardly and looking absolutely comical. All had noticed by the time he had and he had shrugged it off in typical Rene’ fashion, with that remark, bringing the crowd to tears with laughter. He had continued to be the center of attention all evening, for he had worn them so his entire stay.
Antoine tapped his goblet with a spoon calling for order. “My turn,” he chuckled. “Now which of us might have said this? ‘What? You mean this—this is Bartholomew?’”
Desiree covered her eyes with her hands, shaking her head. “How was I to know that the lamb I took such care of was to become a feast? I was devastated and you—” she waved an accusing finger at Honore’, “with your Baa—Baa, each bite you consumed! And speaking to my dinner plate in gentle tones as I fought to keep from bursting into tears!” she giggled as the others broke into laughter. “I must have been what, seven or eight?” she wondered, pausing thoughtfully. “I have been blessed to have found so many loyal friends to enhance my years,” she sighed, gazing at them lovingly.
“No more than we,” Philippe stated, lifting his glass to her in salute. “Happy Birthday, Desiree!”
“Happy Birthday!” echoed the other three.

***

Stephen could hardly contain the anguish as the ship made its way to the dock at Somerset and he looked at the large schooner anchored in the harbor. He barked orders to the men and as soon as the ship ground to a halt, he was over the side, shimmying down a line and leaping to the dock. He stopped the first man he met, motioning to the vessel. “Where is the captain of that ship?” he barked.
“At your home, Stephen,” the young seaman replied hastily, seeing the concern on his face. Stephen headed up the dock at a jog as the sailor watched him go, frowning quizzically at his receding back.
Stephen headed through the jungle and along the covered path to the back of the house, then around the side to the front door. He burst into the house, slamming the door soundly behind him.
“Stephen Colter!” Bessie barked, turning from the stairs she was about to climb, “Don’t you ever…”
“Where is the pirate captain, Bess?” he interrupted anxiously.
Bess pointed toward the drawing room. “With your father. Lord, I think you startled me out of ten years of my life! Why must you men always slam doors?”
Stephen hurried past her, ignoring her remarks. “They have been waiting for days!” she added grumbling as she mounted the stairs, for the second floor.
Stephen strode through the door to find Red and his first mate reclining in chairs as his father stood at the bar pouring drinks.
“Captain Colter!” Red announced and stood as Macintosh also came to his feet. “We had almost given up on seein’ ye.”
“She is gone, Captain Greaves. Desiree left months ago,” Stephen announced lamely.
“Aye we been told all of that,” Red frowned and nodded solemnly. “We be ‘bout to set sail for France ourselves. We got the goods on the culprit.”
“Who?” Stephen asked softly.
“Do the name Jacques Monet mean anything to ye?” Red asked with a shrug of his shoulders. “I can na’ place the name meself. Never heard of the man but it be ‘em,” he assured with confidence. “We also got the name of a man, name of Jones what ‘ad been ‘hired to tamper wit’ a carriage and the same bloke burned the ‘house, all under orders from this Monet.”
Stephen paced the room, deep in thought, running the name over and over within his mind. He knew the name, he was sure of it, and then it dawned on him, the conversations he had shared with Desiree so long ago on his ship, about her house and business and Jacques Monet living in her home, seeing to its completion.
He turned to Red abruptly. “Oh, dear God. He is in her very home! He resides there!” Stephen rasped weakly.
“Sweet Jesus!” Macintosh breathed.
“I must go, now!” Stephen whispered, turning to his father.
“Of course, Stephen but…” Michael Colter began and Stephen nodded.
“With your permission father I shall take the Venture and any crew I can collect. I will leave the Windward, she is loaded to the beams and will take days to make ready.” Stephen turned back to the huge pirate, extending his hand. “Forgive me for rushing off but I want to be under way by nightfall. Thank you for your help and God willing I shall be in time.”
“Stephen!” Red called and Stephen turned back at the door. “Godspeed lad.”

***

By nightfall Stephen was off, with his own crew, aboard his father’s ship. All his own men had been out for close to three months but insisted on coming and Stephen was thankful, for they all worked as one, knowing their duties and were the most experienced crew a captain could ask for. They were under full sail and would remain so as the weather permitted, making the most of every breath of wind available.
Stephen roamed about the unfamiliar cabin that first night as his mind punished him unmercifully, churning up past words and deeds done to Desiree. He remembered a warm night in September when Desiree had voiced her fears of taking his seed. He remembered his grand speech, declaring she would not have been alone, that he would not have deserted her.
He remembered the next night when she had come to him, trusting him and giving of herself to him in spite of how it went against everything that was her nature. Why hadn’t he seen it then? She wasn’t simply taking him to her for pleasure’s sake; she had loved him even then. Why hadn’t he voiced his love for her? Instead, he had allowed her fears to fester—fear of his intent, his devotion, until she had recalled all, trying to regain respect for herself, trying to regain her innocence.
She had been in France nearly three months now, living in the same house with the man who meant to see her dead or had the deed been done? What of his child? Did it exist? At best he would arrive in early May and Desiree would be in her eighth month or would she? He slammed his fist into his hand, cursing the uncertainty of it all, the urgency and the inability to do more than simply make time as best he knew how.



Chapter Forty-Seven


Honore’ adjusted his stock, looking through the window beside the front door to see Jacques Monet raise his hand in a slight greeting as he hurried to admit him.
“Jacques, what did the doctor have to say last night? Is she doing well today?” Honore’ blurted, as he entered and Jacques closed the door behind him.
“Honore’, come into the drawing room. Antoine and Rene’ are here also. Please, come in,” he gestured the way and Honore’ strode briskly into the drawing room taking a seat across from Rene’.
Jacques sighed heavily and took a seat with the three, sadly shaking his head. “It does not look good, I am afraid. The physician is totally baffled. He gave a slight indication it may be a problem with the baby but he has never seen such before in all his years. He holds little hope if she doesn’t turn about soon.” He lifted his hands in hopelessness. “He fears the babe may be lost to her at any time,” he added, gazing into the troubled eyes of the three.
“But she was fine just weeks ago!” Rene’ whispered. “On her birthday, remember?” he looked to Antoine. “That was only three weeks ago! How can this be?”
“It is a mysterious malady,” Jacques sighed. “But look here, there is always hope. I shall not give up yet!”
“Does she know the doctor’s fears?” Antoine inquired standing and pacing about the room.
“No and I want it to remain so. She does not need that added torment. I want each of you to give her encouragement, do you understand?”
They nodded and stood from their seats. Antoine turned from the window where he had paused to look out at the wonderful spring day. “Well,” he began, “I think it would be best if we don’t all go rushing up to her. She will know something is amiss. I shall leave now and come back later.” He clasped hands with each of his friends and with a comforting pat upon Jacques shoulder he took his leave.
“I shall go for now also,” Rene’ stated looking to Honore’. “Go on up to her and I shall see her later today.”
Honore’ nodded solemnly and as they departed he turned to the stairs he had climbed often of late, to Desiree’s room where she had been unable to depart for weeks.
It was the last of April now, but spring held no joy for those within this house. In the last weeks, Desiree had been gripped by nausea and an inability to hold down food of any kind. Her slim form was becoming painfully thin, her eyes hollowed by lack of sleep and proper nourishment. She was taken by convulsions and after such an episode last night, the doctor had been sent for once again and once again he was unable to do anything.
He had learned of the spell last night shortly after it had begun for Philippe had been present for the bout and after being hustled from the room by Bridgett, he had made his way to his house to relate what had happened.
“Mother of God, Honore’! She is dying! I know it!” he had cried. “She is so ill and it is worse every day.”
“Philippe, take it easy,” he had said gently, bringing him into his house and fixing him a stiff drink. Philippe had tossed it down his throat in an instant and then paced back and forth across the room.
“She’s much worse then?” he had asked as his eyes followed Philippe.
“I don’t know—I don’t know!” Philippe had shouted, shaking his head and running his hands frantically through his dark hair. “I never saw one of the seizures before. It was…Mon Dieu! They are talking of bleeding her to cleanse her blood,” he anguished with a sob. “Bloodletting! That is usually a last effort and never a good sign.”
He had calmed Philippe last night telling him he had witnessed the fits which possessed her and that she was probably no worse off but as he entered her bedroom now and watched Bridgett and Mary help Desiree to sit up and sip some tea, he nearly burst into tears himself. Her gaunt, drawn face was a mask of fatigue and pain. Her eyes were on him and they looked dead and glazed.
“Honore’,” she croaked. “Come here.” She smiled weakly and he smiled bravely in return, hurrying to her side and taking her tiny, frail hand in his own.
“How are you feeling today?” he asked, as though unaware of her bout last night, while taking a seat in a chair at her side.
“Fine,” Desiree lied, seeing the concern in his eyes. She attempted to squeeze his hand reassuringly but the effort was barely noticed by Honore’.
“You look very dashing this morning.” She took in his tailored suit of deep plum, which set off his light hair. His blue eyes twinkled, as he grinned.
“Just for you,” he chuckled.
“You are most handsome, Monsieur.” Desiree nodded softly. “Bridgett, I cannot eat. Please take this tray away,” she requested, setting her tea cup upon its saucer and waving it away, lay back against the pillows. Bridgett removed the tray from her lap, motioning to Mary and the housekeeper accompanied her from the room, leaving the two alone.
Desiree sighed weakly. “Would you read from Shakespeare for me, Honore’?”
Honore’ picked up the bound volume from the table beside him and chuckled. “I am not near as learned as you in translating. You must be patient.”
Desiree nodded in agreement. The book was written in English and she had never thought twice about translating the words to French as she read, but she listened intently as Honore’ read slowly, with choppy and stinted pauses, from a book of sonnets.
Some time later, Desiree’s eyes closed and her breathing became shallow and regular. Honore’ lay aside the book and gazed at her beautiful face, relaxed but not peaceful. He reached up to smooth a lock of hair from her brow and then placed his large hand over her middle, feeling the baby move with vitality. He watched his hand rise and fall as the child changed position within and he felt fearful of what the future held for Desiree and her little one.
“Hold on, Angel,” he whispered to Desiree, with a light kiss to her temple. “Hold on.”

***

Bridgett looked around from the counter where she peeled potatoes over a pewter bowl as the swinging door closed behind Honore’.
“Is she asleep?” she wiped her hands upon her apron while gesturing for him to take a seat at the kitchen table.
“Oui,” Honore’ confirmed, sitting heavily across from her and patting her folded hands upon the table top. “Are you as terrified as I, Bridgett?” he smiled weakly.
“Oui. If she would only eat, try to keep something down but it seems so hopeless. The doctor is talking of enlisting a barber but Jacques and Francois spoke up against the idea for now.”
Honore’ nodded. “If only…” he paused. “I just don’t know,” he whispered.
“Just pray for them,” Bridgett’s voice shook and a tear traced down her face. “And Honore’, she is so fortunate to have you and the others. You are truly the bright spots in her life now. Thank you for spending so much time with her.”
“Bridgett, no thanks are necessary. We love her. It is as simple as that but Bridgett, I would like to ask a small favor of you if I could.”
“Anything.”
“Philippe came to my home last night, in tears. He is totally devastated. If you could give him a kind word when next you see him?” Honore’ begged with concern.
“I shall. I saw his fear last night. He is having a terrible time with this.”
Honore’ nodded. “Well, I best be getting home. I shall be over tomorrow.”
Bridgett was just coming from the kitchen after Honore’s departure when she heard a weak moan coming from upstairs. Then sobs fell upon her ears and she closed her eyes with an anguished cry of her own and with a shake of her head, hurried up the flight.

***

Bridgett rushed through the door and to the bed, as Desiree clutched at some phantom in the air, her eyes open but unseeing. “Stephen, please Stephen.”
“Shhhh…” Bridgett crooned, taking Desiree’s hands in one of her own and stroking her brow. “Desiree? Ma Cherie? It’s only a dream. Wake up, sweet,” she soothed, gently shaking her shoulder.
Desiree’s eyes came from her dream state, wide and searching as she stared at her nurse. “Bridgett—it’s you.”
“I’m here, dear. You were having a nightmare. Everything is just fine,” she assured, sitting beside her upon the bed and patting her hand.
“No!” Desiree sobbed. “He was here—I—I saw him,” her voice broke and she covered her eyes. “I saw every detail of his face. I could feel him.”
“You are fine, sweet. He was not here,” Bridgett smiled gently.
“Oh, Bridgett!” Desiree cried, struggling to sit and then clutching her nurse tightly. “I love him so and I will never be able to tell him. My mind tricks me, he haunts me in my every dream. I tell him but he never hears me, he never hears.”
“There, there child. Don’t think of him, you’ll only get yourself into a state.” Bridgett pushed her back upon the pillows, stroking her brow, fearing she may throw herself into another seizure.



Chapter Forty-Eight


Desiree felt the first pains at around two in the morning and by the time the sky lightened heralding the new day, she knew, undeniably, that this was it. The baby was coming and three weeks early. She moaned softly as the pain crept like fingers around the sides of her abdomen, then peaked at her womb and slowly receded. She struggled to lean over the side of the bed and lift the crystal bell from the table. Bridgett had given her the bell when it had become obvious that she could no longer call out loud enough to be heard were she to need assistance.
Within moments, Bridgett burst into the room with a cheerful smile but when she looked into Desiree’s glazed eyes, saw her panting and holding her stomach, she rushed to the bed.
“The baby,” Desiree gasped. “It’s coming. I’m sure of it.”
Bridgett patted Desiree’s hand. “Now lie still. I will be only a moment. I am going to call for Mary,” Bridgett spoke calmly and hurried from the room.
Mary flew into the room, taking control of the situation with authority as Bridgett followed close behind.
“Bridgett, send for the doctor and tell those girls downstairs we need plenty of fresh linen. Now don’t worry, Desiree. It is going to be fine, sweet.” Mary assured, sitting beside her in a chair. “And Bridgett, some cool water and cloths,” Mary called after her. “Now, sweet, I want you to do something for me,” Mary spoke gently. “When you feel the pain come on, just breath shallow, pant and you’ll see the discomfort will seem less.”
Desiree nodded with wide eyes as she felt the tightness beginning once more and she breathed as Mary instructed, while Mary lightly touched her belly. “Good and strong,” she nodded. “I would say we shall have a little one soon.” Then she held Desiree’s hand until the contraction ended.
With the doctor sent for, Bridgett returned carrying a pitcher of water and linens draped over her arm. Between the two, they were able to pull the covers back from the bed and Desiree lifted her hips while they spread a clean sheet beneath her and draped another over her, leaving her gown pulled up out of the way.
With the next pain, Desiree gasped as warmth spread beneath her and Mary smiled reassuringly. “It looks as though we timed that just so.” The water soaked sheet was removed and a fresh one spread beneath her. “Now don’t get all worked up, sweet. It shall be hours yet,” Mary assured, seeing the panic in Desiree’s eyes.
Bridgett looked at the pale face, the sunken and deeply circled eyes and she prayed silently that Desiree would have the strength to endure what was ahead. She mopped Desiree’s brow with a cool cloth, smiling warmly. “Just think of it, sweet. Soon you shall hold your little one within your arms.”
“But it is so early,” Desiree fretted, “What will become of my baby?”
“Your baby will be fine, sweet,” Mary assured. “You may be further along than we thought. This little one is probably right on schedule.”

***

Desiree labored throughout the day as the physician and Mary cared for her. Bridgett alternated between giving reports of her condition to the four young men milling about below as anxious as though expectant father’s themselves, and tending to Desiree. Sitting beside her in a chair, she mopped her brow and gave small sips of water.
By evening Bridgett was unable to leave her side, as the pains had become unbearable and Desiree panted and gasped as the agony swept over her again and again.
“I can’t…” she would gasp at the end of each pain, struggling to speak before the paralyzing agony engulfed her again.
“Yes, you can,” Bridgett urged her after each pain. “You are doing wonderfully. I am so proud of you, sweet.”
Then, all at once it seemed, the pains changed. Desiree had an overwhelming urge to push and she was urged to do so. “You are doing fine,” the silver haired doctor assured. “It will be soon now. A few more—now relax for a moment,” he smiled kindly.
Bridgett watched the concern upon his face as he turned to wash his hands in a basin at a stand near the door. He wasn’t certain she was going to be able to endure either. Bridgett wondered if perhaps a midwife might have been a better choice than this old country doctor but dismissed her doubts. He was equally as qualified and had delivered most of the children in the rural part of Rouen, including Desiree herself. Desiree gasped for air and then looked into Bridgett’s eyes for assurance as another wave of pain approached. Her eyes were so fearful, Bridgett thought. The effort was taking all the strength her frail body had left in it.
With this pain, Desiree made a determined effort to be done with it and pushed with all her might. A ragged scream tore from her throat as the doctor was about to announce the child’s head had emerged and then her body went limp.
“Desiree!” Bridgett shrieked.



Chapter Forty-Nine


It was not until the next morning when Desiree slowly awoke from a nightmare of death to the reality that she was alive and in her own room. Bridgett sat slumped over the bed with her head upon her folded arms. It all came flooding back to Desiree and she felt her stomach to find it not quite flat, but much smaller than yesterday. She glanced about the room and saw no cradle, no baby anywhere.
“It’s dead—oh it’s dead,” she cried.
Bridgett awoke from her doze immediately with Desiree’s frantic cry. “No, child,” she soothed.
“Oh, Bridgett! My baby! Where is my baby? Is it dead? Tell me the truth!” she sobbed, clutching Bridgett’s hand.
“The baby lives, Desiree. She is downstairs with Mary. You have a daughter, Desiree. A beautiful little daughter.”
“I don’t believe it! Let me see her! I want to see her!” Desiree tried to rise and fell back upon the pillows weakly.
“Don’t move, child. I shall bring her right now.” Bridgett raced from the room, calling for Mary.
Minutes later, the two hurried back into the room and Mary held out the tiny bundle to Desiree. Desiree cried tears of relief and joy as she cradled the tiny babe against her. She drank in the little face, taking in every detail and touching a small hand. Then fingered the light hair lying in wavy tufts over the little head and smiled up at the two women. “She is so beautiful! She needs to be fed, doesn’t she?” she asked with uncertainty and with a glow upon her ashen face.
“The doctor sent a wet nurse, Desiree. He felt it would be best. You are still too weak. She’s been fed this morn and her appetite is not good but the doctor assures us it will improve. Isn’t she tiny?” Mary marveled.
“Oui, but so perfect,” Desiree agreed while again taking in every detail of the new little face she had waited so long to see.
“You should have seen Antoine’s face, the whole bunch for that matter,” Bridgett laughed. “I feared I would need to bring out the smelling salts.”
“What did they say? Did they approve?” Desiree queried.
“You know men, my dear. They didn’t quite know what to think of her or what to say,” Bridgett chuckled.
A breakfast tray arrived and Desiree was urged to eat while Mary held the baby, staying close by her side. Desiree took one small bite of the omelet and then lay her fork down, unable to manage more. She sipped at her tea and watched her little daughter sleeping peacefully.
Bridgett turned away as tears came to her eyes and spilled over. She made a lame excuse over her shoulder and left the room, her fleeting hopes that Desiree’s appetite would return dashed to bits. It was hopeless. Desiree was going to die and nothing could be done to prevent it. Bridgett went to her room, taking quill and parchment and sat at her vanity, beginning to compose a letter.

***

Captain Colter,
I have been wrestling with myself all night deciding whether or not to write this correspondence but I fear time and hope are running out. I can no longer delay. Your daughter was born yesterday, prematurely. And though small and weak, she is expected to survive.
I realize you had no knowledge of Desiree’s state and I am sure this comes as a great shock to you but I am in hopes that this knowledge will bring you to Rouen at some time, to behold your child.
I know you to be a good and decent man Stephen, and I feel confident that had you known of the child, you would have done right by Desiree. You would have ended the rift and voiced what was obvious to me so often in the past. I know in my heart that you loved Desiree, just as she loved you, Stephen and still does.
It is too late for talk of that now and it gives me such pain to write this. This news should be spoken gently, not written coldly upon parchment but there is no other way. Desiree is likely dying, Stephen. She has been ill for weeks and the doctor fears the early arrival of the child is a sign Desiree will not live much longer. In truth, by the time this letter makes its way to you, it shall be much too late. She may well be gone. But I felt you must know that you have a child. It is your right. I only pray you will make an effort to come and see your daughter. You will be most welcome and I know Desiree would want you to have that opportunity.
Desiree has cried many tears over the pain she brought into your life and the pain she brought upon herself. Much of the responsibility I take, for I misguided Desiree, filled her head with notions without realizing what you and she, in fact, shared. I shall never forgive myself for destroying her happiness but please know this; Stephen, she loves you with all her heart.
If she had the strength, I am sure she would be composing a letter herself. There is much more which could be said, much I could tell you but it is pointless now, so I shall leave it at this and say only I pray you come and be prepared for the fact that Desiree could well be gone if and when you arrive.

Bridgett carefully folded the parchment, dripping a wax seal across the fold and then wiping her tears, hurried from her room.

***

Jacques Monet smiled but the gesture did not reach his sad eyes as he looked up from his breakfast when Bridgett entered the dining room. “How is she, Bridgett”? Has there been any change?”
“I’m afraid not, Jacques. We can only pray for a miracle,” she said touching his shoulder comfortingly. “Please excuse me. I must have a word with Georges’.”
Bridgett continued across the dining room through the kitchen and out back, around the cook house, crossing the lawn to the stables.
“Georges’?” Bridgett called, through the dim barn. Sparrows chirped and lit upon the floor sending up small puffs of dust as they feasted upon a scattering of oats. The birds flitted out of her path, then took flight as Georges’ hurried toward her just emerging from a stall.
“What is it, Bridgett? Not a turn for the worse?” he rasped, fear plainly etched upon his face.
“No, Georges’ but I need your assistance. Would you drive me to the Roche’s? I must enlist Philippe’s help on an urgent matter.”
“Bridgett, Philippe would be in Rouen. He shall be there until nightfall.”
“Do you know where to find him? Where he might be?”
“Of course. He will be at the docks unless he is down river somewhere.”
“Then you must take me to Rouen. Philippe shall help me from that point. Please, we must hurry. I need to be back by nightfall,” she exclaimed anxiously.
“Of course but if we are unable to locate him…”
“Then I shall find someone else. I must go in any case.”
“Of course, I shall hitch up and meet you at the front door,” Georges’ nodded, calling for assistance from a lad above them in the loft who Bridgett had failed to notice.
Bridgett fairly flew across the back lawn to the house and was packing a basket containing dry rolls, honey and cheese for her journey, which would take all of the day and into the early evening, when Mary entered through the swinging door carrying Desiree’s tray. She stopped short, watching her frantically toss her basket together.
“What’s this?” Mary frowned, placing the tray upon the counter. “Where are you going?”
“Mary, I shall return by nightfall. I must go to Rouen and then, if necessary, on to Le Havre. I must deliver a letter and cannot entrust it to anyone else. It may be for naught but I must try. I shall be back this evening. Georges’ shall be gone also. Do not tell Desiree. Simply say I have gone to town.”
“I won’t say a word but Le Havre—it is so far! You will never make that trip in one day!”
“I know but it may be necessary. Perhaps by some miracle I may even find the one it is intended for. I must go. I shall see you this evening.”
Bridgett rushed past the old housekeeper and hurried through the house and out the front door where Georges’ helped her into the carriage for the short drive to Rouen.

***

The docks of Rouen were jammed with men, boats, cargo and in the chaos Bridgett and Georges’ searched out Philippe. They found him standing near the water’s edge speaking with several men and when he caught sight of the two, he paled noticeably and met them halfway up the dock. “What is it, Bridgett? Don’t tell me she is—or the baby!” he whispered.
“No, Philippe. Both are home and nothing has changed. I need your help. I must go to Le Havre immediately.”
Relief flooded Philippe’s face and he smiled weakly. “I jumped to the wrong conclusion, thank goodness. Of course, I will take you. Come along.”
They started toward the sloop and Bridgett spoke briefly. “I must try to find someone, anyone from Somerset or a vessel going in that direction. I have a letter I must have delivered to Captain Colter as soon as possible.”
“From Desiree?” Philippe asked hesitantly, unsure if he was overstepping his bounds.
“No, but concerning her and I must do my best to ensure it makes its way to him. Going to Le Havre may be my only chance.”
“Let’s be off then. Georges’, are you coming?”
“No. I shall remain here and wait for your return,” Georges’ stated and helped Bridgett into the sloop and tossed the lines to Philippe.
“Look for us by dusk?” Bridgett questioned looking to Philippe for confirmation and he nodded.
“Take care, Lad,” Georges’ said, assisting them away from the dock with a shove and with his oars Philippe worked the sloop into the current and the small sail was set.

***

The journey toward Le Havre was as it had been almost a year to the day when she and Desiree had arrived in the same sloop, with the same boy, to start an adventure which, she mused, had turned and twisted in so many painful directions.
As they moved ever closer toward the large port city, sea going vessels lined the shore from just downstream of Rouen and on down toward the coast. It was only an hour into their journey when Philippe gestured. “Look there. Several vessels ahead are flying colors.”
“Let us stop here and give a look around before we go all the way to Le Havre.”
Philippe agreed and headed toward the docks, glancing about the crowded waterfront. “We may have a task ahead,” he sighed. “Let’s start at this end and make our way down, then we may need to go on to the bay if you cannot find a vessel here.”
Philippe offered his arm and Bridgett accepted it, smiling gently. “Philippe, thank you for your help. I know we have been at odds and I have treated you unkindly in the past but I want you to know I think you have grown into a fine young man. I never realized how very much you cared for Desiree.”
Philippe briefly looked down at the ground as they walked, then back to the masts above as he spoke. “Desiree gave me kindness I had never known, Bridgett—or that I had known but lost with the death of my parents. You have no idea all she has done for me over the years,” he laughed softly, remembering. “She told me she would be my family, my sister, for the rest of our lives and she has never failed me. She was barely eight years old when we met and yet so gentle and kind. I looked up to her for advice and comfort. I always have and she has always been there. I have always known she loved me and I was secure that her care was genuine and she changed my life. I only wish I could help her now and there is nothing anyone can do,” his voice trembled and he looked into Bridgett’s eyes, “except pray.”
Bridgett was quiet and the guilt she felt for her treatment of this young man was humbling. She looked up to his handsome face and could remember him so small and quiet when he first arrived, skittish of his own shadow and she was amazed at the strength and depth of Desiree’s care for him in her own tender years. Desiree was truly a treasure, and she only now realized the unbounded love she lavished upon those she called friend.
They moved along the water front and though an abundance of British ships could be found, none looked vaguely familiar and Bridgett wished she had paid closer attention to the names of the vessels along the harbor at Somerset. Then—ahead she couldn’t believe her eyes, she saw a ship she did recognize and the sparkling rigging was that of Captain Anderson’s ship the Dalton. With a gasp, she clutched at Philippe’s arm and shook it as she drew his attention and pointed excitedly. “Philippe! There, a good friend of Captain Colter owns that vessel. Come along!”
Bridgett pulled Philippe along the dock and up the plank without hesitation. “I must speak with Captain Anderson immediately,” she informed the first sailor they came to and the man rose from the forward hatch with a kind smile.
“Yes, Madame,” he nodded politely. “This way, if you please.”
He showed them below to the captain’s cabin and knocked, receiving a call for entry and preceded the two in. “A lady and gentleman to see you, sir.”
Bridgett and Philippe entered and Anderson came forward from his desk, with obvious surprise upon his face. “Bridgett! How wonderful to see you again! How may I be of service?” he clasped her hand in his. “What brings you here?”
Anderson dismissed the sailor as he spoke and led Bridgett to a seat, taking his once more. Philippe stood silently at Bridgett’s side as he tried to understand the English they were speaking in, but found it beyond his comprehension.
“Captain, I have a favor to ask,” Bridgett began soberly. “But first, do you know the whereabouts of Captain Colter or Timothy for that matter? Are they in port here or close by?”
Anderson leaned back in his seat with a shake of his head. “Neither are here. I have no idea where they might be.”
“I have a letter,” Bridgett produced the parchment from her bag. “It is for Stephen and is most urgent. I know you are a good friend of his and trust you to see he receives it as soon as possible.”
“I’ll be leaving tomorrow for the colonies after a stop on downstream at Le Havre. I suppose I could stop at Somerset if it is urgent. What is this about? Could I be so bold as to ask?”
“It is so very complicated, Captain. I can’t go into all the details but it concerns Desiree and I hope you can accept that as an answer.”
Anderson nodded, noting the anguish upon her face. “I will deliver it post haste, have no fear.”
He took the letter from her outstretched hand and placed it safely within his desk drawer. “I know he needs to hear something from the lady one way or another,” he sighed heavily.
“What do you mean, Captain?”
“He has been a changed man since her departure. I’ve not seen him but I have heard a string of tales from here to the colonies concerning his exploits. A ship just in,” he gestured to the docks, “brought news that he had been jailed in Jamestown for a time. Timothy bailed him out. Believe me when I tell you that is not typical behavior for Stephen Colter.”
“Oh dear,” Bridgett whispered. If it were true, how would this news affect him she wondered fearfully?

***

With the luck of finding a courier for her letter just outside Rouen rather than a trip all the way to Le Havre, Bridgett arrived home just past nightfall. Georges’ reined the horses to a stop before the Château and Bridgett wearily stepped down and walked up the stairs and entered the front door. Mary was descending from the second story, carrying an armful of laundry and bedding.
“She has been asking for you, Bridgett,” Mary said softly, not wishing to disturb the quietude of the household. “She is sleeping now.”
“Did she eat anything?” Bridgett asked with hope, but Mary quickly shook her head. “And she was ill twice today but she did hold the babe for a time and she had a sponge bath, she even insisted on washing her hair. That is something!”
“Yes, it is,” Bridgett agreed.
“Come along to the kitchen dear and have a bite to eat. I was just clearing up the dishes and Jacques is having a snack I believe.”
Mary placed the laundry in a wicker basket outside the kitchen door and swung the door open, continuing, “The babe is upstairs with the nurse and will be ready for sleep soon.” She took a seat with a heavy sigh, out of breath from her exertions and Bridgett joined her at the table.
“Bridgett, welcome home,” Jacques looked up from his plate. “Where did you head off to so early in the morn this day?” he asked with mild curiosity.
“Yes, can you tell us? Were you successful?” Mary pressed.
“Successful in what endeavor?” Jacques inquired with more interest.
Bridgett pondered for a moment whether to disclose what her errand had been about. “I shall tell you two but I must have your word it will go no further? I do not want Desiree to get any hint for I am afraid it will do nothing but compound her anguish.”
Both nodded quickly their agreement.
“I was successful, Mary.” She looked to Jacques’ muddled expression and explained. “My errand, Jacques, was to take a correspondence meant for Captain Colter, my goal being to find a vessel that was on the way to Bermuda and could see my letter to Somerset and his home. My stroke of luck was more than I could have dreamed, as I found a good friend and confidant of his and he will get word to Stephen with haste. I know that it may be for naught, but I wanted to try and at least let him know he has a child and give him the opportunity to come here and behold her.”
“Do you think that was wise, Bridgett? What if the man arrives and wants to take the child as his own and away from here?” Jacques asked with concern.
“I don’t fear that in the slightest, Jacques. However, if our sweet Desiree does not turn herself around soon, I guess I am in hopes that perhaps a visit from him might somehow be her salvation.”
“Well, let me fix you a plate now,” Mary offered and with a pat upon Bridgett’s hand rose to the sideboard to make a plate which included a slice of ham, some freshly baked bread and newly churned butter. As she set it before Bridgett and took a seat again, talk turned to the night ahead and what else the day had brought for the household.

***

“Well, I had best turn in,” Bridgett said as she finished washing her dinner dishes and wiped the table with a damp cloth. “I shall go to her if she needs anything in the night. Good night, Jacques. Mary, sleep well.”
Bridgett pushed through the door and then climbed wearily up the steps to her room, leaving her door ajar slightly to listen for the call in the night which came often these sad days as Desiree’s every dream became a nightmare, of Stephen and all that once had been and would likely be lost to her forever.

***

The house was quiet as everyone was abed, when Jacques Monet silently slipped outside and around the manor to the woods walking in the shadows, not aimlessly but with purpose. The half-moon illuminated his way and he soon came upon a camp and two men hunched over a small fire watching the progress of a rabbit cooking upon a spit. They saw him approach and waited on him to join them. They were hulking men, dangerous looking and didn’t seem surprised to see Jacques Monet in their midst.
“Monsieur Monet, what brings you to our humble camp?”
“We have had a complication. It seems there may be someone that could be coming and if that is so, you had better be on guard. No one is to get near the Château, is that clear? If you see a stranger I want you to kill first and ask questions later.”
“Are you speaking of the pirates you expect may be on the way?”
“Or Colter. Remember the one I warned you of? He has thwarted my plans at every turn, and he must be stopped. I want him dead. Do you hear me? Dead! If you fail to stop him, we are all the losers. You bring me his head on a platter and you will be rewarded grandly, this I promise you. An extra purse to the one who brings him down.”
“Don’t you worry about that, Monet. You just finish your job and leave us to ours. We have this under control. Not a person comes or goes without our knowing. And they haven’t for months now. We want this finished, we want our fee and we want to be on our way the sooner the better. We didn’t sign on to you for life, you know. We have our own agenda and it doesn’t include living in the woods and surviving on rabbit meat or hard tack forever.”
“Here,” Monet drew a packet from beneath his arm. The man opened it to reveal bread, butter and a bit of cheese. “The time is nearly come. Another day or two and it will be done. Patience. It will be finished soon.”
“See that it is.”
Monet turned and hurried off toward the manor, leaving the men to enjoy their repast.



Chapter Fifty


Anderson looked down to the dock from the helm. “Good morning, Mister Barrows. Hope we haven’t put you out?” he called to the last of his men to arrive back from a night of revelry.
“Sorry I’m late, Cap. I…”
“I can guess!” Anderson nodded, chuckling to himself as he turned to his first mate. “Cast off, Mr. Cooper.”
“Cast off!” Cooper shouted to the crew. “We need to be to Le Havre by noon, so let’s put our backs into it boys!” he ordered as the men started raising the sails and the ship hailed away from its berth.

***

It was near noon when the Dalton arrived at the port on the mouth of the Seine and started in earnest to take on their cargo bound for the colonies. It is to be a full ship, Anderson thought to himself and would be complicated by his stop at Somerset but he had made a promise. It would delay his arrival by weeks but the cargo was mostly dry goods, no livestock and nothing perishable. Anderson watched from the helm as the cargo was brought aboard and lowered below deck to the forward hold. As he glanced down the waterfront, his eyes set on a man striding past at a very fast but very familiar gait.
“Well, I don’t believe it!” he whispered under his breath. “Hold there!” he shouted at two of his crew members, as he rushed down the steps from the quarterdeck and across the ship, gesturing them out of his way. His men made way as Anderson jogged to the rail. “Stephen!” he hailed, waving his arms to catch his attention.
Stephen saluted in greeting but proceeded along the docks, looking up at his friend, “I don’t have time to talk,” he called back.
“Come aboard! I have something for you!” Anderson returned. “It’s important.”
Stephen stopped, turning back hesitantly. He wanted to be on his way. He had yet to hire a horse and the road to Rouen was long, but he nodded and strode quickly up the plank. “What is it? I must be off,” he barked harshly as he leapt to the deck.
“Well, greetings to you, too!” Anderson returned dryly. “Come below.” He started off and Stephen fell in stride beside him. “I heard you were jailed,” Anderson remarked.
“For a time,” Stephen grumbled. “What could you possibly have that is of any importance to me? I haven’t time for this foolery.”
Anderson opened his cabin door, hurrying to his desk. “A letter—it’s from Bridgett. I was supposed to deliver it to you at your island. Bridgett said it was very urgent and begged me see it to you with haste. She brought it only yesterday.”
Stephen’s surprise was evident as he accepted the letter and took a seat opposite his friend to read its contents.
Anderson watched his face as Stephen smiled softly, then the smile faded and he rubbed wearily across his jaw, “What is it?” Anderson inquired with concern.
Stephen folded the letter, slipping it into the breast pocket of his suit coat. “It appears as though the final retribution for my stupidity is at hand,” he said hauling himself to his feet and starting for the door.
He turned back to his friend. “Congratulations are in order, Markus, for it seems I have become a father. I have a daughter,” he announced with a wry smile, walking out before his friend could say a word and leaving him staring blankly at the closed door.

***

In spite of the urgency, the trip from Le Havre to Rouen by horseback and through unfamiliar surroundings took the majority of the rest of the daylight hours and into the night. It was necessary to get a fresh horse and directions in Rouen as Stephen went from the beaten path out into the rural countryside surrounding the town. By the time he arrived at the Château it was near the eight o’clock hour the next morn. As he had approached, the lake he rode around to arrive here and the house itself seemed almost familiar to him. From Desiree’s description he had no doubt that this was her home; just as he imagined it would be.
Being leery of this Monet and wanting no forewarning for fear the man might threaten Desiree or his child if he felt trapped, he didn’t ride directly to the front drive. Instead he dismounted and tied his horse a distance away and headed through the wooded area which skirted the property. It wasn’t far into the dense stand of trees when he began to hear a quiet conversation ahead and could smell a camp fire. He crept closer, taking care with the placement of each footfall to get a better look at the men he could hear speaking softly in English.
“You think today will be the day, Jones? When we can get out of this hell hole and back to civilization?”
“Monet said it would be in the next day or two. I am as anxious as you to put France behind me, Parks. I didn’t know when we signed on for this job it would be for this span. It damn well better be worth the wait or maybe we will have to take it out of Monet’s hide!” he decided with a chuckle. “You take first shift around the perimeter, Parks. We best be on our guard. Monet said we are to be on the look out.”
“Ah…no one has made a play for the place in all this time and I doubt the bloke Colter will be an issue as Monet seems to think he may be.”
“Still, I took the last watch. So be on your way now,” Jones ordered.
As Jones poured himself a cup of coffee from the pot settled among the stones of the fire pit, the other mounted his horse heading off through the woods opposite from where Stephen crouched.
Stephen waited until the man Parks was out of sight and then looked about him. He found a club sized tree branch and tucked his pistol in the back of his waistband. He needed stealth and as he took up the branch he moved from the cover of the trees approaching silently. As he closed in, the man turned catching a movement just as the branch broke over his head and he crumpled to the ground. Stephen quickly dragged the unconscious man into the edge of the woods and returned to the camp. Finding a strop of leather and a cloth, he went back to bind and gag him.
He had just finished this task when a shout from the man Parks preceded him into camp and he had Stephen’s horse in tow.
“Jones, someone is about! Jones!” he hollered skidding to a stop at the campfire and looking about. “Jones!”
The click of a flintlock being cocked into place drew his attention as Stephen came from the woods. “Would you be looking for me?” he inquired coldly as his pistol kept its deadly aim upon the man’s chest. “Step off the horse, slow and easy,” he warned.
The man Parks looked at him without fear.
“Afraid not, mate,” he stated and with a quick movement he released Stephen’s horse kicking it with a booted foot in the flank. Then, hanging off the side of his own horse and using both as a shield, he hurled himself in Stephen’s direction, launching himself off his horse and into Stephen’s chest and they both slammed to the ground.
Both dazed by the impact they came to their feet almost in unison. Stephen looked for his pistol, seeing it out of reach and had little time to consider retrieving it as Parks was upon him with a ragged growl catching him in the gut and again they fell together in a blur of fists. Coming to their feet again, they were evenly matched in size and strength and the back and forth of blows dealt out found little effect on one or the other.
Parks dove for and retrieved a heavy branch, swinging it out with bravado while Stephen side stepped his advances and took refuge behind a tree. Avoiding the blows easily, he maneuvered and without much expelled energy allowed Parks to waste his with wild abandon, wielding ever after him without result. Until Stephen found pause and an easy hold and grasped the branch, heaving it from his hands and tossing it to the woods. Then catching the man in the paunch, they hit the ground again in earnest until Parks reached behind his back and produced his pistol, pulling it up and cocking it while the black bore faced Stephen, bringing him to a sudden halt.
“Well, mate. Looks like I get the prize for bringing your head to Monet on a platter if you are Colter. You are Colter, aren’t you?”
With no options, Stephen took his only chance and hit the ground rolling and scooped up his pistol, coming to his feet and taking a shot just as Parks’ gun discharged.
As the smoke cleared, Stephen saw Parks drop to his knees, a fresh flow of blood streaming from his chest and he fell face first, dead before he hit the ground.

***

Stephen peered through the windows near the front door and saw Bridgett walk across the front hall, moving up a flight of stairs. He tapped lightly upon the glass and Bridgett turned, her mouth dropping open in surprise. Stephen gestured her to be quiet and to come outdoors and she nodded, opening the door softly.
“Stephen…” she began but he grasped her hand leading her out and closing the door. “Stephen, what happened? You are bleeding,” she stated, gesturing to his temple.
Stephen wiped the blood away with annoyance from the grazing shot Parks had delivered to him. “Bridgett, where is Monet?”
“Inside. Why?” her voice was a whisper, matching his own.
“It was him, Bridgett. Monet was behind her parents death, the burning of the house, the pirates—all of it. Including the miscreants I just met in the woods who admitted that their sole purpose was to stop me or Captain Greaves from getting to Desiree. Greaves came with word at my home.”
“No, it cannot be. Not Jacques. We have known him for years. He has known Desiree her entire life,” Bridgett said in disbelief.
“Trust me, Bridgett. I am certain,” he assured.
“Oh my God!” Bridgett gasped. “He is living here—in this very house.”
“Bridgett exactly where is he now?”
“I believe he was on his way to the kitchen to fix tea for Desiree. Around back, there is a door.”
“Stay out of sight until I call for you. Do you understand?”
Bridgett nodded and Stephen started around the side of the manor. Bridgett stood still for a moment, then unable to simply stand and do nothing she hurried toward the stables taking a circuitous route through the trees.

***

Stephen silently mounted the back porch stairs, peering through a window into the kitchen. He was surprised that his adversary would be so small a man. The man stood at a counter, stirring a cup of tea with his back to the door and Stephen released the hammer on his flintlock, tucking it into the waistband of his breeches, seeing no need for such force with one so small in stature. He slowly and silently opened the door, slipping inside.
“So, you have been here all along, under the same roof as your victim,” Stephen hissed and the man spun around with a start to face him.
“Who are you?” Jacques asked in English. “What do you want?”
“My name is Stephen Colter.”
“Oh I see…” Jacques chuckled. “A little late to be honorable. Desiree bore your bastard days ago.”
“No, I am here for more than that Monet. I seem to have helped to thwart your plans concerning Desiree. Macintosh, Red Legs, Kirwood, the two men of yours, Jones and Parks who I just met out in the woods. Any of this ring a bell?”
“Of course! Desiree gave us some of those names as well as your own, for your part in her woe.”
“It is all out, Monet. You were behind all the attempts to harm Desiree,” Stephen hissed coldly, wanting nothing more than to take the life of this arrogant scum.
“The only harm that Desiree has come to has been at your hands, Colter. You are a lunatic, for I have no idea what you are talking about,” Jacques laughed, turning back to the counter.
“Is that so? Well I am confident that the authorities shall be very convinced by the time I am through.”
“I have nothing to hide,” Monet chuckled, taking the cup of tea from the counter and sitting at the table casually. “Call for the authorities. I shall await them!” he eyed Stephen coolly.
Stephen moved back to the door, calling for Bridgett while keeping his eyes on Monet. Bridgett peeked around the corner with several stable hands at her side. “Send someone for the authorities,” Stephen ordered. “They will also find one man I left in the woods east of the house and a dead body, friends of Monet. Please collect them for the authorities as well.”
Bridgett spoke in French to the men and Georges’ gestured he would go for the authorities, taking his leave while two others headed for the woods and the rest entered the kitchen. Bridgett watched Monet warily and he smiled kindly at her. “Bridgett! I am not a criminal. This man is demented,” Jacques laughed.
Stephen removed the gun from his waistband and with a foot upon a chair, held the handle loosely within his grasp. “No, Monet. You are demented. It has all come out. Captain Greaves learned enough to put you at the root of every crime. The men I was just introduced to in the woods, the one named Jones, I was given his name by Greaves and he just confirmed to me that he was hired to file the axles and burn the house and the other told me before I sent him to meet his maker that his orders were to bring you my head on a platter. Murder—arson—piracy—kidnapping. You shall most assuredly be spending the rest of your life in the gaol or face death for your deeds. So why don’t you just tell me? Why did you wish Desiree and her family dead?”
Monet finished the tea and stood, moving to the window while the group watched him in anticipation.
“Very simple. I would inherit her fortune in the event of her death. Her father was a trusting fool, you see. Making me executor of his will and leaving his estate in trust with myself as sole trustee until Desiree reached her twenty first birthday and then joint trustee’s from then on. Do you know what he had planned for me? In return for my years of service? One quarter. One quarter of his wealth!” he laughed caustically. “But in the event of his death, the estate would be paid to the trust for Desiree’s benefit. In the event of Desiree’s death, the entire fortune would be paid to the trust of which, again, I had control. Her father felt that in this way Desiree would be safe, would not be taken by some scoundrel out for her money because it would be safely in trust and under my joint care, regardless.”
Bridgett sobbed, dashing from the room and Monet turned to Stephen.
“So very simple,” Monet chuckled and then loosened his stock.
His face was oddly ashen, Stephen noted, and a beading of perspiration had broken out upon his brow.
“It appears as though I won’t be awaiting the authorities after all.” He sat heavily in a chair and produced a handkerchief, mopping at his brow. “I hadn’t realized how quickly this takes effect,” he pointed to the empty cup. “It is very rapid.”
“What are you talking about?” Stephen pointed the black bore of his pistol in Monet’s direction.
“The tea—poison,” Monet laughed, then a slight tremor shook his frame. “It was meant for Desiree but since I seemed to be in a need of a way out, I felt it a good option.” He smiled at Stephen’s shocked expression. “Surprised? See, therein lies the beauty of it. I have been using a harmless emetic to induce the symptoms of illness and this…” he pointed to the cup, “would have been the piece de resistance—a very undetectable, very deadly main dish. No one would have suspected foul play; just accepted that the mysterious malady had finally taken its toll. I had hoped to be rid of her and your bastard at once until the unexpected early arrival, but then one so small would have been easy enough to do away with,” he grinned.
Stephen could easily see the insanity in his eyes and had no doubt that the hideous scheme he described was the truth. “You!” Stephen pointed to one of the boys. “A doctor—quickly,” He commanded in broken, halting French.
“Oh, she will be fine. Starvation is her only plight. The drug has no lasting effects,” Monet said casually, then shuddered and fell from his chair. His body contorted in convulsions, his back arching at an odd angle. His breathing became labored and he moaned and writhed in agony.
“Captain, what happened?” Bridgett gasped, pushing through the swinging door and stopping when she saw Jacques upon the floor with Stephen standing over him.
“Poison! He poisoned himself! It was meant for Desiree. This very day he had planned to do away with her!” Stephen ground out. “The doctor is on his way for Desiree. He’s been using some drug on her, Bridgett.”
Stephen was digging through the man’s coat pockets and retrieved a small empty vial. “This!” he held up the vial and then placed it upon the table. “This was the deadly end to his game. He has been using an emetic to cause her symptoms for weeks now. You must relay that information to the doctor.”
Monet sputtered and choked and then lay still as his body relaxed. Stephen stooped over him again and felt for a pulse at his neck, feeling none. He rose and then said softly. “He’s dead. Bridgett, where is she?”
“Upstairs, the second door on the right,” Bridgett whispered.
Stephen started to push through the heavy swinging door but Bridgett spoke his name, stopping him mid-stride and he turned back.
“She has been deathly ill. You will be shocked at her appearance. I want you to be prepared.”

***

Stephen entered the room, after a light knock was not answered. He stopped short when his eyes fell on the small, still form upon the bed and he took a moment to survey her condition as she slumbered. The large beautiful eyes which haunted him each night in his dreams were closed, with deep circles marring her beauty. Her delicate features were ashen gray, thin and gaunt. The sheets were drawn up close about her body but one finely boned hand lay upon the pillow beside her face while the other lay across her midriff. The pale peach ruffle of her long-sleeved gown showed the pallor of her skin in contrast. She was deep in sleep but it was not a peaceful sleep. She looked pained and her breathing seemed labored and shallow.
He silently moved to the bed, taking a seat in a chair already positioned at her side.
“Oh, my love,” he whispered, taking her hand which lay limp upon the pillow and holding it within his own. If not for the warmth of her flesh she could easily be mistaken for dead her state was so severe. He lightly kissed her fingers and held her hand to his chin as he drank in the beauty which just months ago, he had believed he would never behold again in his lifetime.
He thought bitterly how he had feared he would arrive and find her in danger. He had feared he would be too late and she may be already lost to him, but this—this sight had never crossed his mind. To see her so still and helpless, so near to death’s door, brought panic to the surface as his eyes roamed over the delicate features.
“I won’t lose you, Desiree. I cannot live without you,” he confessed aloud fearfully.
She began to stir and groaned with a furrowing of her brows. Her eyes fluttered and then opened and locked with his. At first she simply stared, not understanding that what she was seeing was even real.
He smiled, looking into those violet depths he knew so well. “I love you,” he whispered tenderly. “You look as if you are seeing a ghost but I’m here and I love you,” he declared, resting his arm upon the pillow beside her and stroking her hair gently while he held her hand to his lips for a kiss.
Desiree feared she was dreaming, those dreams of his presence in this very room which tormented her. But this was really him, Stephen, here by her side and no dream had ever been so beautiful. He was even more handsome than she remembered. His eyes a deeper brown, his hair a lighter blond, his face lean and chiseled. Tears traced down her temples clinging to her hair. Her lips trembled with an effort to speak some light greeting but the months of longing, of words unspoken, of pain and sorrow and loneliness brought her words from her very soul in an anguished rush.
“I have prayed to see you once more, to have just one chance to beg your forgiveness for the pain and past crimes against you, Stephen. To have just one moment in your presence to tell you…I love you.” She reached out to touch his face and a kiss was pressed to her palm. “Oh Stephen, please, please say you will forgive me so that I may die without the weight of this guilt and with an end to my torment.”
“Shhhh. Gently love,” he shook his head, soothing the hand that clutched his. “You are not dying.”
“That last argument,” Desiree continued ignoring the words she had heard so often of late. “I wanted to tell you I loved you so desperately that day and now I have wasted all those precious moments we might have shared…”
“No sweet, we shall have a lifetime of moments.”
“No!” she moaned. “Stephen, look at me! I am at death’s door—I feel it—I see it on the faces of all around me! Bridgett, Mary, my friends…, they all speak lightly with false hope and turn away in tears thinking I don’t see. Please don’t fill me with those same false hopes! Not now…not you! I must begin to say my farewells, for if I cling to life then soon my time will be spent and my voice silenced forever.”
“Please listen to me, sweetheart. It was…” he began, attempting to bring her relief from her anguish but she interrupted.
“Oh, Stephen! My baby, your baby!” she looked wildly into his eyes. “You have a baby daughter, Stephen! She is so tiny and so beautiful. Please promise me you shall do what you are able to ensure her happiness.”
He reached out with both hands holding her face, forcing her to hear his words. “Desiree, we shall both see to our child’s happiness; you are not dying! It was Monet. He is behind this illness; he was behind everything! Red Legs came with the news.”
Desiree shook her head. “No! No one can be behind an illness…”
“Yes, yes one can if the illness is induced. Poison, my love. He has been giving you a drug. But the effect is not lasting, I swear it. You shall recover. Monet admitted everything moments ago, admitted to your parents murder, the house, all of it just before he took his own life with the very cup of death he had planned for you this day.”
“How can this be? Then Kirwood? My kidnapping?”
“It was all Monet, love. He was insane, twisted in his mind.”
As the reality set in, her sobs began anew. “But how could he?” she cried. “He took such care that I was well guarded. He has been so close to me, he always has ever since I was a little girl. And this last year living right here, slowly taking my life and almost the life of my child…”
“Shhh…” he kissed a tear at her temple. “Don’t think of it, Desiree. It is over and you shall be well again. Please, love. Try to rest and let me do the talking because I have so much I need to say to you.” He paused, holding her hand to his lips and his voice was deep and husky, his eyes sparkling with emotion, when he finally began again. “I have been tormented also by so many things but, that day when you left, our last bitter argument…”
“Stephen, we were both at fault. I should have told you that day I loved you instead of the hurtful things I said,” Desiree interrupted, with her own tears welling up again. “I didn’t think you wanted me...”
“And you were desperate to get away and keep your secret,” Stephen finished for her.
Desiree nodded, reaching to wipe a tear from Stephen’s face.
“I have been in hell, Desiree, haunted by all the things left unsaid. Is there any hope of your forgiveness for my stupidity? When Tim told me you were having pains that morning it nearly destroyed me to know I had walked out and left you alone to endure that. I didn’t know what I would arrive here to find.”
“Stephen, it was not your fault anymore than it was mine. The memory of our time together that morning is what has sustained me. I was giving you my love that day, although I couldn’t speak the words,” Desiree said softly.
“As was I,” he whispered, kissing her hand and pressing it to his chin. “I loved you that day and I’ve never stopped loving you. I need your love, Desiree. I honestly cannot go on without you in my life.”
“Oh Stephen, please believe me when I say that you have my love and it has never faltered.” She pulled him to her, hugging him with a strength which had failed her until this moment. “Please, just don’t ever let me go again.”
Stephen pressed her back onto the pillows. “You are going to overdo, love. I should let you sleep now. We can talk more later.” He started to rise.
“No, please don’t leave my side! I don’t want to sleep! I’ve been given my life back, I have the man I love at my side and I don’t want to waste one moment. I want to look at you, tell you how much I love you and shall never ever hold that love back again. I plan on showering you with so much love from this moment forward!”
Stephen sighed longingly. “Shower me! Drown me in love! That is all I live for and I intend no less for you but first on our agenda,” he slipped off the chair and onto one knee beside her and held her hand in his own, “Desiree Chandelle, will you do me the extreme honor of consenting to be my wife?” he asked in a gentle plea.
“Oh yes! Yes, Stephen!” she cried softly as he lifted her hand for a gentle kiss.
As he rose, he placed a lingering kiss upon her lips and took his seat at her side again. “Our first order of business then will be a trip to the nearest chapel, for I am going to make certain you never get away again and we can’t very well have our sweet baby daughter illegitimate, now can we?”
Just at that moment the door opened and Mary brought in a tiny bundle and Desiree watched Stephen’s face go a bit pale when his daughter was placed unceremoniously into his arms.
“Madame I…” he addressed Mary but she had turned her back seeing to closing the drapes and dimming the light. “Desiree, I have never held a…” he paused, giving his attention to the tiny child sleeping within his arms and smiled. “I suppose I could grow quite fond of this duty. She is beautiful,” he chuckled. “I think I recognize that hair.” He timidly fingered the feathery tufts of light curls and the baby stirred and an arm fell across her face. He lifted her arm with his index finger and marveled. “So tiny! She weighs no more than a mite!”
“She is small,” Mary nodded, turning to Stephen. “But the doctor just saw her and assures us she will be fine, just fine.” Mary puttered about Desiree, fluffing her pillows and tucking the corner of a sheet beneath the ticking. “He will be up to see you directly, sweet. We found the bottle of the drug that Jacques’ had been adding to your food and drink. It was hidden in a desk drawer in his room. You are going to be fine now,” she smiled, kissing Desiree’s forehead and with a warm grasp of her hand, Mary left the couple alone with their child.
Stephen carefully raised himself from the chair and leaned over, placing a gentle kiss upon Desiree’s mouth. “Thank you for giving me this tiny treasure, my love, but I am terrified I might do her damage.” He walked gingerly to the opposite side of the bed, placing the baby beside Desiree and then carefully sat next to them both.
Desiree smiled contentedly, turning to her side and touching her daughter’s hand then she looked up to Stephen’s eyes. “I had prayed for a son, a son who would resemble you so that I would never forget what you looked like.”
He chuckled. “Well, my sweet, you shall be forced to look upon this face for years and years to come. Your first sight each morning when you open your eyes and your last sight before you close your eyes at night.”
“Gladly, Captain Colter,” Desiree sighed happily.
“So! Have you decided on a name for this little soon to be Colter?”
Oui. What was your grandmother’s name, on your mother’s side?”
“Victoria.”
“Victoria, Angelique, for my grandmother.
“Victoria Angelique Colter.”



Chapter Fifty-One


Desiree reclined upon a heap of pillows on a bunk in the passenger cabin of the Venture, cuddling Victoria as she suckled greedily taking her last feeding of the day. This motherly task she had lost all hope of experiencing was now one of the pleasant chores of her day. The doctor had deemed her able the very afternoon of Stephen’s return to her life, since it was found that there was no malady and no reason to continue with a wet nurse.
Desiree touched the delicate lace that trimmed the billowing sleeves of her satin dressing gown. Beneath was a filmy white sheath with delicate straps and seductively cut bodice which left most of the upper curve of her breasts exposed. The two small fasteners at the valley between her breasts proved handy for the task of feeding the baby—but her mind was thinking ahead to when she would spend this first night as Stephen Colter’s wife and share herself with him after so many months of separation.
She smiled contentedly as her mind wandered back to the ceremony this morning at the small chapel in Rouen. Her gown had been simple and yet elegant; white silk with a traditional veil. She had carried a bouquet of summer flowers and on the arm of her godfather Francois Roche’ had walked up the short isle bedecked in blooms and filled with only her closest friends to meet her dashing sea captain. Stephen had been elegantly attired in a dark navy blue suit with a white shirt and stock and a single rose bud in his lapel. Francois had lifted the veil and placed a kiss upon each of her cheeks, then handed her into Stephen’s care. Stephen had taken her hand and together they had knelt at the altar, waiting for the priest to begin, and neither had been able to stop gazing into each other’s eyes.
After a prayer, they had risen and Rene’ had come to stand at Stephen’s side. Instead of the groom, he had been content with being best man. When the time came, Rene’ had removed the thin gold band from the pocket of his waist coat, laying it upon the open bible for the priest’s blessing and then Stephen had slipped the ring upon her finger, vowing to love, honor and cherish until death, repeating the vows after the priest. Stephen’s voice had been strong and full of emotion as he spoke the words but in his eyes she had seen a vow that no spoken pledge could match. His eyes told her a thousand fold of his love. A love she had not one doubt of, a love as boundless as her own for him. She had gazed up into his eyes as she repeated the words, her voice soft, her vision blurring with tears of happiness. It was almost painful the love she felt for him, so all encompassing, so total. She felt she could hardly bear the heady joy.
The last six weeks had been pure bliss, a heaven on earth. Stephen had stayed at the house, in separate chambers, while she recuperated from Jacques Monet’s attempt on her life and the birth of the baby. The effects of both were no longer apparent. She had regained some of the weight she had lost but was still a bit too slim, Bridgett insisted. The pallor had left her face and the dark circles were no more. She felt as fit as ever.
She had slept contented each night knowing Stephen was near and sometimes, this last month or so, she had gone to his room, slipping into his bed and talking softly with him in hushed whispers. Or she would simply lie within his embrace and drift to sleep knowing she was secure in his arms. It had been a time of discovery and rediscovery. Regaining the easy comfort they had once shared. Speaking truthfully and frankly and one by one, casting away all the old conflicts and misunderstandings.
Her mind strayed now to thoughts of Rene’ and how happily he had given her his blessing, even going so far as to lend his services to Stephen as interpreter, accompanying him to town as Stephen groomed Philippe to manage her interests in France. Rene’ had been in awe of Stephen’s business head and had told her so. He was just as much impressed with Stephen in general and he had admitted that she could not have found a better man, except of course, for himself.
Philippe had been reluctant to take on the managing of her affairs, and he was totally against moving into the house, but she had been determined that he would be the one and finally he had succumbed. The house would have been vacant but for servants, and he could stay there until the completion of his house on his own land or for as long as he wanted. She knew of no one she could trust more thoroughly to care for the business her father had built than Philippe, nor of one more capable of managing that business. Under Stephen’s knowledgeable care, Philippe had come to realize that, indeed, he could manage. It was in truth just a larger version of the business he had been involved in, procuring cargo, moving it; a much larger version!
The baby finished nursing and Desiree fastened her gown and rose with a rocking motion, crossing the cabin humming a lullaby until the little eyes closed again and the babe slept. Bridgett entered and Desiree motioned her to silence and turning her attention back to the baby in her arms, she lulled her into a deeper sleep, continuing to hum softly.
Desiree was not aware of Stephen as he arrived and stood at the threshold of the cabin watching her as she kissed their child and moved to the cradle, placing the babe within. With a finger across her lips, she smiled at Bridgett beside her, turning away from the cradle. A gurgling coo brought a dejected frown to her exquisite features and she turned back, with arms akimbo, to be met by wide eyes.
“I fear she is not in the slightest ready to sleep,” Desiree said, lifting the small bundle once more. “Be a good little girl and sleep for Mama,” she crooned gently.
Bridgett looked to Stephen where he leaned against the threshold with arms crossed over his chest watching Desiree with loving eyes.
“Sweet,” Bridgett said softly. “I shall entertain this little night owl.” She held out her arms toward the baby and when Desiree’s eyes met hers, Bridgett inclined her head toward the door. “I see someone more in need of your care,” she whispered with a gentle smile.
Desiree turned to her handsome husband, only hours aged into that title and smiled softly. His gaze was tender and glowing and the message was clear. Desiree handed the child into Bridgett’s arms. “I shall say good night then, Bridgett.” She breathed; her eyes trapped within her husbands, as she walked across the room and placed her hand into his. Stephen closed the door behind them, leading her to their cabin.
“Are we ready to sail in the morning then?” Desiree asked.
“At first light, so we had best enjoy our few hours of solitude this night, for Bridgett is sure to take ill and we shall have a certain little someone sharing our quarters for at least a few days and nights,” he chuckled.
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“I had,” he nodded with a wide grin.
Stephen paused at the door of their cabin opening it wide and then, lifting Desiree into his arms, he carried her across the threshold before setting her gently to her feet and closing the door behind them.
Desiree smiled coyly up into his eyes as he turned from the door. He leaned back against the portal, gazing at her for a long moment.
“What are you thinking?” she asked softly.
“So many things, I don’t know where to begin.”
“Then let’s save it for later,” she whispered, holding out her arms toward him.
He approached her, sliding his arms about her waist as his mouth gently tested hers. Desiree wrapped her arms about his neck and sighed against his parted lips. “I love you so much, Stephen Colter.”
“I love you, Desiree. More than I could ever express in a lifetime.” His lips caressed hers, tracing down to her chin and throat.
His emotions were raging, a torrent that trembled his knees causing his heart to race. He was alive again after months of living hell. The torment, the punishment he had rained upon himself, the hopelessness, the loneliness all gone now. He held within his arms the meaning of his life—his reason for being.
Desiree could feel the pounding of his heart, the trembling of his arms as he held her in a tight embrace and she knew that this was more than just their wedding night. They were facing that last obstacle; the last of the ghosts would be put to rest this night, as they shared once more what they had last shared in anger and in such a sad and lonely way. She whispered softly in his ear, “I’ve missed you so much, Stephen. It has been so very long. Make love to me.”
“With pleasure, my love.”
He kissed her gently, their breath warm in one another’s mouths as he loosed the belt about her waist and slipped his hands within the robe. He let the robe slide off her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor as his hands moved over the flesh of her arms and across the swell of her breasts. Their eyes met and locked, trapped in the depths of each other’s as he slowly worked the fasteners of the hazy veil over her body and it slipped to her feet. He reached behind her neck, drawing the clip from her hair and sending it tumbling down her back, as he caressed a handful of the silky black tresses. Then he cupped her face in his hands, kissing her eyes, her cheeks, her parted lips and he lifted her into his arms carrying her to the berth.
That night, their love outshined both the sun and the moon with its radiant splendor. She had regained that which made her a woman; the man whose love she could not live without. And he had become the man he was meant to be. His torment at last was at its end. He had awakened from his nightmare and found that his desire lived, it had been lost for a time but it lived with this one woman.



Epilogue


Desiree pulled up as straight as she possibly could, looking into the mirror as she turned about surveying her waist. She frowned, releasing her breath with a disgusted click of her tongue. The black vertical stripes of the dress did help to mask the still slightly rounded belly, as Bridgett had sworn they would, but it was all too obvious to Desiree. She patted her hair, and then touched perfume to her wrists still observing her figure.
The master bedroom door flew open and Stephen sauntered in crossing his arms over his chest as he whistled appreciatively. Desiree glared at his reflection in the mirror, not at all in agreement with his opinion. “You brute, Stephen Colter. You have ruined my figure permanently, I fear.” She turned about for him, giving him a good look at the damage.
“Let me see…” he contemplated her seriously, strolling up and pulling her into his arms. “Now, when we first met, I could encircle your waist easily with one arm, if memory serves.” He accomplished the test with ease. “See there—three times a mother and you still have the figure of a girl,” he chuckled, nuzzling her neck.
“Stop that, Captain Colter. I believe this is exactly how you began some ten odd months ago—warm sunshine, a tropical breeze billowing at the curtains, gentle kisses and then I swelled up as if I had swallowed a melon!”
“Yes, but you did finally give me a son, my love and I am eternally grateful,” he chuckled and then lifted his head, looking into her eyes. “That reminds me why I came up here. It was to call your attention to something.”
He clasped her hand in his and led her from their room down a corridor of their large, gracious home which set upon the rise above Somerset, Bermuda, and led her down the stairs crossing to the entrance hall where he peeked out the front window. “Now, Madame Colter. Take a look out there and tell me what you see. That daughter of yours is getting totally out of hand.”
Desiree peered around the draperies to the lawn where Victoria stood in the large stone pool in the center of the front grounds. Her shoes and stockings were tossed upon the grass completely forgotten. Her lovely taffeta gown was slung across her arm, as she stood knee deep in the pool with two friends; Stephen’s first mate’s son John Henry Davison and Timothy’s son, William. Victoria stooped over, apparently trying to catch a fish in her bare hand and as Desiree watched, she slipped, falling backwards into the water.
“Stephen, look!” Desiree laughed, motioning him to the window. “Now you just watch,” she giggled. “Those two lads shall be in for a surprise if I am any judge of Victoria, and believe me, I am.”
The two boys were laughing hysterically; clapping their hands in applause at the accomplishment and Victoria pouted and with a dramatically exaggerated effort tried to stand. When both boys came forward to assist her, taking her hands and helping her up, she instead pulled as hard as she could and both boys toppled forward into the water.
Desiree laughed brightly, dropping the drape back into place and started for the front door. “Now I want you to observe, Stephen. I shall be very much surprised if Victoria must claim any responsibility at all for this calamity.”

***

Victoria smiled sweetly when she saw her parents approach, standing up from the water while her playmates thrashed about wildly, enjoying the cool dip.
“Victoria Colter! What on earth happened?” Desiree gasped as if surprised. “And your lovely dress, it shall be ruined.”
Stephen stood back a pace, listening to Desiree’s performance and the two boys came to their feet, assisting Victoria from the pool gallantly.
“I take the blame, Captain,” seven year old, John Henry piped up, smiling sweetly at Victoria. “It was an accident. Please don’t blame Victoria,” he begged, squirming under Stephen’s doubtful scowl.
“Well, Victoria. Is that so?” Desiree questioned.
“Not exactly, but it could be called an accident, I suppose,” Victoria decided thoughtfully.
Desiree lifted a brow at her husband in silent communication and then she tousled the flaxen blonde curls of her six-year-old, looking into eyes which mirrored her own for color and she laughed softly. “Oh, Ma Cherie. I know these accidents so very well. You best go in and let Bridgett get you changed. Boys, you had better run home and do the same. Will, make certain you tell your father what happened, will you?”
William stuck his bottom lip out, pondering the idea in his little mind and looking so very much like Timothy. Even though he was barely five years, he was definitely his father’s son.
“Aunt Desiree, must I?”
“Your father shall understand, Will. I think you just might make him laugh if you tell him,” Desiree predicted, remembering their similar unsuspected swim in the ocean so many years ago.
“Then I shall.”
The two boys collected their shoes and stockings, bidding Victoria farewell and Victoria giggled mischievously, turning and skipping toward her father.
Stephen scowled at her, sensing she was up to no good and when she approached him with arms outstretched intending to give him a soggy hug, he stepped back glaring menacingly. “You move along into the house this minute little Miss Colter or you shall be very sorry, I assure you,” he warned.
Victoria giggled happily. “Oh Father! You are just an old stick in the mud!” she announced and scampered away.
Stephen knitted his brow turning to Desiree and frowned sullenly. “Am I?”
Desiree crossed her arms over her chest, peering at him as if deciding. She looked at his handsome face, then slowly down his lean hard frame. He was more handsome now than the day she had met him over seven years ago; still the light of her life, still her knight in shining armor, her friend, her lover. She smiled softly, then forced it away and tried to look distressed by the answer she was about to give.
“Stephen, you know you are going on thirty-four-years now. I am afraid my love, you are definitely old but as for the last…” she pursed her lips thoughtfully.
“You little minx!” he growled. He whisked her into his arms, striding to the pool and dipping as if to deposit her there.
“Stephen! Put me down this instant! You dare dunk me and I’ll…”
“You’ll what?” he teased.
“I’ll…”
He stopped her words with a fiery kiss which brought her breath to a trembling halt. “I love you,” he whispered. “Even though you are an old stick in the mud!” He chuckled at his joke, ignoring the angry sparks shooting from her violet eyes and with her still in his arms, he headed for the house.
“I am not old!” Desiree pouted.
“Ancient!”
“Ha!” she answered.
“But I am?” he questioned.
“Well, a young Romeo you are not,” she laughed, turning the handle for him and he pushed the door open with a foot, and gave pause, looking into her eyes.
“Ohhh…I can’t allow that remark to pass, love. I shall need to disprove it.” He gave the door a nudge with his boot until it shut, then headed for the stairs.
“Desiree!” a voiced called after them.
Stephen stopped on the stairs and with a growl swung around with Desiree in his arms looking down the flight to Bridgett.
“I am putting Victoria in a bath. Ariel Celeste will be waking from her nap soon and…”
“Don’t say another word, Bridgett,” Stephen warned. “Madame Colter and I will be in a private conference for some time. Hold the fort for us, will you?”
Bridgett laughed softly. “Yes, Sir.”
Stephen nodded, bounding up the steps and Desiree nuzzled his neck sighing contentedly. “Victoria and Ariel shall be pounding upon the door in no time, Stephen.”
“I know.”
“And little Daniel shall need feeding soon…”
“I know! I know!” he grumbled. “Well, perhaps I shall need to be contented with…”
“A match of chess?” Desiree offered with a laugh.
“Chess?” Stephen asked with a chuckle. “I was thinking more along the lines of…”
“Winner take all!” Desiree interrupted seductively, with a gentle nibble at his ear lobe.
“You’re on! Payable on demand?”
“Oh…When time allows.” Desiree giggled.
