
* * * * * * * * * * *
LOVE
and
PAYBACK
* * * * * * * * * * *
Irene Woodbury

Copyright © 2021 Irene Woodbury
All cover art Copyright © 2021
Irene Woodbury
All Rights Reserved
Love and Payback
ISBN: 978-1-7369674-0-9
No part of this publication may be reproduced, except in the case of quotation for articles, reviews, or stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from author Irene Woodbury. For information regarding permission, contact Irene Woodbury.
Love and Payback is a work of fiction, written solely for the enjoyment of its readers. All of the characters; names; locales; places of business; objects; and public figures, living or dead, presented in this novel either originated in the author’s imagination, or are used in a fictitious context. The situations, incidents, events, and opinions depicted in this book are also either a product of the author’s imagination, or used in a fictitious context.

Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Aftermath of Dave’s Death

* * * * Chapter 1 * * * *
At one am, the bus pulled out, its huge, gray bulk casting murky shadows across the empty streets of Denver. Thirteen long, grimy hours later, Austin arrived at the depot in downtown Las Vegas.
To get his bearings and stretch his legs, the lanky six-foot teen took a quick stroll around Fremont Street. What an eye-opener! Under the warm, watchful gaze of Vegas Vic, the ersatz neon cowboy perched four stories above 1st Street, Austin’s jaw dropped in amazement at all the lewd and bizarre sights. There were strip clubs with garish, flashing signs touting totally nude girls, shapely pole dancers in skimpy bikinis writhing sensuously on bar tops, big-bellied cowboys barging in and out of casinos, and even a few Mickey Mouse and Elvis-types popping out in the crowd.
Austin was mesmerized: he definitely wasn’t in Denver anymore!
Munching a red candy apple that served as breakfast, he edged further down Fremont. Sprawling at 6th Street was the glitzy Spanish-ranch casino, El Cortez. Its old-time Vegas charm captivated him. One look, and images of tuxedoed Rat Packers swinging from crystal chandeliers were dancing in his head.
Austin couldn’t resist a peek, and wandered inside for a quick spin around the vintage lobby. It was cool, dark, and classic, with soft lights gleaming on polished wood paneling and lush, brightly colored carpets. The tall, gawky man-child yearned to sample the beckoning pleasures of the adjacent casino, a gaudy mélange of blinking lights and clanging slots. But he felt the lure of the iconic Strip even more, so he headed to an exit and asked a bellman to get him a cab.
The 15-minute ride along sundrenched Las Vegas Boulevard was replete with more colorful revelations. Both sides were lined with cheesy-looking motels and wedding chapels, raunchy strip clubs, and taco joints. Rickety frame houses with chipped paint, bars on the windows, and bail bond signs flickering dimly in their dried-out front yards also caught Austin’s eye.
Closer to the Strip, things started changing big time. On the west side of the boulevard, Austin gazed up at the towering Stratosphere, topped with a gourmet restaurant and death-defying thrill rides. A few blocks further, the gaudy neon clown at Circus Circus, looking all the worse for wear, lurched into view.
After stopping at a traffic-light in front of the sleek, bronze-hued Wynn, curving softly and seductively like a massive slug of shaved milk chocolate, the cab crawled into the belly of the Strip. Looming on both sides of the palm-lined boulevard were the legendary mega-resorts, Mirage, Caesar’s Palace, Venetian, and Treasure Island, each bulky high-rise ablaze in neon schmaltz and enticing come-ons.
At the ornate entrance to Bellagio, Austin paid the driver, gave him a hefty tip, and leapt out of the cab with his bag. Into the palatial lobby, with its colorful Murano, glass-flowered ceiling, he sprinted, straight to the registration desk. The boy’s heart was set on staying in Room 1772, where his mom had died one year before in May 2012. But his dream was dashed by a glowering desk clerk who wouldn’t check him in since he was only 17.
Undeterred, Austin trekked back out to the Strip and made his way across to Planet Hollywood, where he came upon a gaggle of scruffy young dudes. They were offering up baseball-card-like come-ons advertising sexy young females who could be delivered to your door in 20 minutes or less, like a Domino’s pizza. Without a thought, Austin ordered up a hooker who he figured could help him get a room at Bellagio. Yes, 17-year-old Austin Wyatt actually handed one of these hucksters $200, right there on Las Vegas Boulevard in broad daylight, and asked him to dispatch a girl who was over 21.
How this former boy scout from Denver came up with all this is anyone’s guess. But based on what he told friends later, he was desperate, at the end of his rope, needing to see where his mom had died, and craving some answers.
The 22-year-old female promptly dispatched to him in a pink van was a buxom stunner from Kearney, Nebraska named Lola Ray. She was a sweet young thing with cornflower-blue eyes, flowing blond hair, and long, tanned legs. They met in the shadow of the 540-foot Eiffel Tower at Paris, and hit it off right away. She told him he reminded her of her younger brother.
Austin bought Lola a burger at Mon Ami Gabi in Paris, and told her he was 18 years old, from Salt Lake City, and on a birthday-gift trip from his parents. The shapely Lola, who was poured into clingy, purple hot pants, a pink tee shirt, and pink knee-high vinyl boots, opened up about farm life in Kearney, how boring it had been and how messed up her parents were. She then rambled on about her glam new life in Sin City, where there was 24/7 action and excitement.
She had come to Vegas when she was just 19 years old with her then-boyfriend, a professional poker player. But six months later, before flying off to Dubai for a tournament, he dumped her and threw her out of their suite at Rio with just the clothes on her back.
She moved in with a girlfriend and soon found work waitressing in a coffee shop at Mirage. But paying the rent every month was a struggle, so when a customer suggested a job as a “party girl” at Hot Strip Babes, she went for it. The “20-minutes-or-less” delivery promise kept her hopping, the hours were flexible, and the pay was great.
After lunch, Austin and Lola trekked back across the Strip to Bellagio, where they checked into Room 1772 with Lola’s credit card. Handing her a fistful of $100s, Austin promised he would pay her back the full amount later.
The room was large, but nothing special: bland and beige with too much furniture, a large, flat-screen TV, and a nice-enough view. When Austin gazed at the king-size bed his mom had died in, a pungent wave of sadness swept over him. He was suddenly overcome by an image of her with that animal, Al Posey, and the two of them were naked and all over each other, having loud, rough sex. Austin’s stomach knotted up. His heart felt like lead. He didn’t tell Lola what was happening, or why, but she noticed he was pale and dazed.
“What’s wrong, lover-dude?” she purred, wrapping her long, tanned arms around him and pulling him close. “Don’t you like the room?”
“The room’s cool, I’m cool,” he murmured, as he felt the fullness of her firm breasts pressing against his boyish chest. He was glad Lola was with him, but he wasn’t about to tell her his real age or the truth about why he was in Vegas. And then he softened a bit and let himself go as he inhaled her spicy perfume and the sweet, cotton-candy scent of her hair. She felt so warm and willing, her lush curves kneading perfectly into the hard contours of his chiseled young body.
Lola was still holding Austin, and then her soft, pink lips were kissing his. It was warm, sweet, and full. Not like an empty, token kiss between a Vegas hooker and a gawky young virgin-boy from Denver. More like a passionate intermingling of lips, tongues, and mouths between a lost boy and girl discovering each other for the first time in a cornfield in Kearney. Both of them were breathless with excitement, but Austin was still trying to recover from the harrowing images of his mom with Al, so he wasn’t especially interested at the moment. Instead, the two awkwardly disengaged and left the room.
Downstairs in the casino, they immersed themselves in slots. But it wasn’t their day. After blowing through a wad of 20s with barely a ripple, they strolled out of Bellagio and turned their attention towards the frenetic Strip.
Like any other young couple, they meandered hand in hand down the garish, traffic-choked boulevard, past bustling casinos, burger bars, and an endless parade of panhandlers, showgirls, grifters, and cartoon characters. While walking, they stopped to gawk at buskers; browsed in gift shops overflowing with cheesy trinkets, and treated themselves to a white-knuckle spin on the towering Manhattan Express roller coaster at New York New York.
That night they hiked to the south end of the Strip for a jousting show with real horses and swords at Excalibur. Then they popped into Dick’s Last Resort for $13 “Big Ass Burgers,” washed down with mojitos. Both of them savored the ambience of this loud, tacky saloon just off the casino, where the waiters get in your face and the customers wear white, condom-shaped paper hats with lewd comments scrawled on them.
They were both fairly sloshed by the time they stumbled back to Bellagio, where they snuggled in bed and watched a movie. One thing led to another and they ended up having sex on the same bed where Austin’s mother had committed adultery with Al the night before she died. It was morbid and almost gross, but also sort of poignant and sad: Austin trying to reconnect with his mom, trying to bond with her in some primal, intimate way.
He was drunk and it was his first time, but the more experienced Lola made it work for both of them. She apparently really liked the tall, lanky, brown-haired dude and was turned on by his sweetness, good looks, and buff young body.
All in all, the sex with Lola was the most shocking part of Austin’s trip. Never in a million years would anyone, from his very-much-alive father, Dave, back in Denver, to his now-deceased mom, Tricia, have guessed that his first time would be with a hooker in Vegas. It’s almost a bad joke when put that way, like a footnote in a raunchy Hangover movie, but Austin’s first sexual experience was truly on the bizarre side.

* * * * Chapter 2 * * * *
The next morning, while Hot Strip Babe got her beauty sleep, Austin took a shower, got dressed, and prowled the halls searching for a maid. When he found a Polish housekeeper who spoke little English, he peppered her with questions. Was she the one who had discovered the dead woman in Room 1772 a year ago, he wanted to know.
“Nie rozumiem, nie rozumiem,” she pleaded, flustered and confused, tossing her hands up.
Confiding to another maid that the dead woman found in Room 1772 the year before had been his mom, he started firing questions. “What did she look like when you found her? Was she still warm? Was she breathing?” he wanted to know, staring into her eyes with an intensity that was both sad and alarming.
The questions came fast and furious, and the maid was taken aback. She quickly explained that when the body was found she had been at lunch and therefore missed the commotion. Then she shuffled off with her cart. But later, when she spotted the freshly showered Lola, in her purple hot pants and pink vinyl boots, prancing out of Room 1772, she grew suspicious and called her supervisor.
Austin and Lola had no idea their presence was creating curiosity and concern among the Bellagio staff. They were too busy enjoying a second day of fun on the Strip. Breakfast at Denny’s was followed by another workout on the one-armed bandits. Austin quickly won a $200 jackpot on Wizard Of Oz. That called for a celebration, so he promptly treated Lola to a pink-lace teddy at Victoria’s Secret in Caesar’s. Afterwards, they roamed through three floors of glitzy boutiques in the Forum Shops and browsed for high-end jewelry at Bijoux Babe.
That afternoon they came upon a liquor store in a grungy strip mall across from Circus Circus, where Lola bought bourbon and vodka. Later, while she browsed in the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian, Austin settled at a table in the food court and sipped Smirnoff’s from a bottle concealed in a brown paper bag.
Amply fortified, he then tackled his next mission. After finding a pay phone in a hallway off the food court, he rang up Al Posey, whose name and number he’d filched from a legal pad in his father’s office. The phone rang at least 10 times. Finally, someone picked up.
“Is this Al Posey?” Austin asked.
“Who wants to know?” the crass gaming instructor shot back.
“Um, my name’s Austin Wyatt,” the boy spoke up. “I’m Tricia Wyatt’s son. You met her at the Bellagio last year. Do you remember?”
“Uh, yeah, sure, I remember Tricia. She was a beautiful lady. How old are you, kid? Where are you calling from?”
“Um, 17, right here in Vegas,” Austin answered. “I came from Denver to get some answers on my mom’s death. Can we meet somewhere to talk?”
“Sorry for your loss, kid,” Al replied, “No, I can’t meet you. It’s not a good idea. Where’s your father?”
“Back in Denver.”
“Does he know you’re here?”
“No.”
“Go home, kid. You shouldn’t be here. Why are you calling me?”
“Because you were the last person to see my mom alive.”
There was a moment of silence.
“No one knows that for sure,” Al said.
“Well, you took her out the night before she was found by the maid, right?” Austin asked.
“Yeah, it was a favor for a friend.”
“What friend?” Austin asked.
“My buddy, Joe, in Chicago. He met your mom on Facebook and they became, uh, friends. He was supposed to spend a week with her at the Bellagio. But he couldn’t make it because of work commitments. She was pretty upset and he was worried about her, so he called me and asked me to step in for him.
“I called her, and we ended up having dinner a couple times. She was a nice lady, but a little mixed-up.”
“Did you sleep with her the night before she died?” Austin asked, cutting to the chase.
“Look, kid, you don’t call a total stranger out of the blue and ask personal questions like that. It’s none of your business.”
“She was my mother,” Austin said defiantly. “It is my business. Did you have sex with my mom the night before she died? Did you know she was dead when you left her room the next morning? Are you married?”
“Whoa, that’s way too many questions. What are you, some kind of detective, or cop-in-training? Your mom was a sweet lady who was having a lot of problems. Joe couldn’t fly in to meet her, and that upset the hell out of her. And she told me your dad cheated on her. She was a lost, lonely lady.”
“And you took advantage of it, didn’t you?” Austin fired back, outraged. “She was down and you had sex with her and then walked out the next morning when she was sick.
“You could have called 911 or hotel security, but you walked out because you’re married. You didn’t call for help because you didn’t want your wife to find out you spent the night with my mom. You let her die, didn’t you?”
“Look, kid, you’re way out of line calling me like this and asking all these crazy questions,” Al said, annoyed and flustered. “I tried to be nice, but you’re the one taking advantage here. The cops said she had some kind of heart problem. She died of natural causes. I don’t know exactly when. I don’t know if it was before or after I left her room. As far as I knew, she was asleep. How could I call for help when I didn’t know there was a problem?
“You need to get on the first plane back to Denver. Forget we ever talked. Just move on with your life, kid, and don’t ever call me again.”
The line went dead.
Austin frantically tried to call Al back, but nobody picked up.
“Fuck!” he fumed, slamming the pay phone back on the hook. He was stung by the brute insensitivity, but there was nothing he could do. Flashes of anger tore through him. Standing there for a few minutes, he tried to absorb the full impact of having just spoken to the man who slept with his mother the night before she died. Warm remembrances of his mom flashed through his head, as did lurid images of her with the scoundrel who had walked out on her, alive but dying, or possibly already dead, hours after having sex with her.
The events were too improbable and confused for him to reconcile or make sense of. Deeply conflicted, with his thoughts in a muddle, he stood there dazed, gripping the iron stanchion of the phone stand for support. Finally, with his emotions more in check, he felt steady enough to return to the table to wait for Lola.
The tall, bosomy hooker with a heart of gold soon glided back into the food court. Strapped on her slender, well-manicured feet were freshly purchased red-leather sling-backs with four-inch heels. Dangling in both her hands were chic totes holding racy outfits, and more pairs of sexy shoes.
With a breathy giggle, she plopped down at the table and announced, “I’m starved!” Taking the hint, Austin got both of them hot dogs, crinkly fries, and Cokes at Nathan’s. Lunch was followed by more shopping, as Austin bought his babe a sexy blue sundress in a pricey boutique. The bulging wad of greenbacks he’d gotten from pawning a small sack of his mom’s jewelry had taken a hit, but he was still sufficiently flush to fork over cash for nearly everything.
Later that afternoon, back at Bellagio, they were snuggling in bed watching a movie when Security, which had been alerted by the maid earlier, knocked on the door. In short order, they checked Austin’s ID, quickly figured out Lola’s occupation, and carted them both to a police station off the south end of the Strip.
There was no statutory rape charge against Lola since the age of consent in Nevada is 16, but the cops wanted to charge Austin with solicitation of prostitution. When they called Dave in Denver with the news, he was stunned.
“Your son had about $5,000 in cash when we picked him up. We’re holding him and the money till you get here,” they told Dave.
“Five thousand dollars? How can that be?” he blurted. “Where would he get that kind of money?”
“He told us he took some of your late wife’s jewelry to a pawn shop in Denver and sold it. Kids can be pretty resourceful.”
“Uh huh,” Dave murmured.
In a state of complete devastation mingled with anger and disbelief, he pleaded with the officers to hold off on any charges, and to keep Austin and Lola in custody till he could get there.
After he hung up, he immediately went online and bought a plane ticket to Vegas that night. Then he rushed into his bedroom and frantically threw some clothes into an overnight bag.

* * * * Chapter 3 * * * *
Around this time, Sally Dawson, who had been Tricia’s best friend, was standing in the kitchen of her Denver home, right across the street from Dave’s, cooking dinner. Suddenly, her breathless, red-faced neighbor barged in the back door with a small carry-on. After repeating what the cops had said, Dave told Sally he was off to Vegas to collect his son.
“I’m going to kick his ass when I get ahold of him!” he fumed to Sally. “Things have been bad enough since Tricia died, and now he pulls this stunt. What the hell’s wrong with that kid?”
“He’s been so sad and mixed up since Tricia died,” Sally replied, shaking her head. “Try to see it from Austin’s perspective. He’s only 17, and he was so close to her.”
Five minutes later, Sally was still perched at the stove, stunned and gripping a wooden soup spoon, when Dave’s cab arrived and he left for the airport.
As soon as they got home, Sally told her 17-year-old son, Ryan, and 16-year-old daughter, Sarah, the latest on Austin. They were both aghast, especially Sarah, who had a huge crush on him. She grew pale when she heard the part about the hooker. What a turnaround. All his life, Austin had been this clean-cut-boy-next-door type, and now he was pawning his dead mom’s jewelry, riding a bus overnight to Vegas, and hiring a hooker to get him into the hotel room his mom died in.
“Austin clearly has gone off the reservation,” Sally declared, “and I’m beginning to wonder if he’ll ever get back on.”
When Sally’s husband, Mike, got home from work, she told him the news. He was pretty jolted, too.
“That kid’s a walking time-bomb,” he said, throwing his hands up. “Maybe we should keep him away from Sarah. And I’m really starting to worry about Dave. How much more can he take?”
Speaking of Dave, when he got to Vegas that night, he took a cab straight to the police station near the iconic “Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas” sign. Still shell-shocked by the news about his son, he managed to explain to the cops there that Austin’s mother had died under mysterious circumstances at Bellagio, and he had come to mark the one-year anniversary and get some answers.
The cops were mildly sympathetic, but warned Dave that his son could have been charged with solicitation. However, since he was only 17, and had never actually paid Lola for her services, it wasn’t technically prostitution.
Austin’s underage drinking and gambling were also hashed over, plus the hawking of his mom’s jewelry. Dave had to give the officers his word that his son wouldn’t return to Vegas until he was at least 21, and, if he did and got into any kind of trouble, Dave would take full responsibility. Then Dave signed the release papers.
The $5,000 that Austin had on him, and in his room, when he was taken into custody, was turned over to Dave. Then an officer led Austin out from a holding pen. His eyes were red and swollen; he looked scared and exhausted. Father and son embraced, but barely. On the verge of tears, the boy begged his dad to plead with the officers to let Lola go, too, insisting that she had done nothing wrong.
Dave just yearned for the whole sordid incident to be over as quickly as possible. He felt he had suffered enough pain and humiliation to last a lifetime. He asked the cops to let Lola go, which they reluctantly did. Then the officers issued another harsh warning to father and son, and Lola got one, too.
Thrilled to see each other again, Austin and Lola hugged in the police station lobby. She really was an innocent victim in all this. Austin had told her he was 18, and she had no idea he was in Vegas to find out about his mom’s death. Both of them were lost, lonely souls who had bonded over sex, slots, booze, and shopping for the past two days. They didn’t want to say goodbye, but at the moment that was their only option.
Lola called her roommate, who picked her up and ferried her back to the Strip. An emotionally drained Dave, meanwhile, asked the cops for a hotel recommendation. They came up with the Monte Carlo and he promptly called to book a room.
Stone-cold silence pervaded the 15-minute cab ride that father and son took from the police station to the Strip. Dave was furious at Austin for his string of deceitful, misguided actions, and Austin resented Dave’s overbearing arrogance.
At Bellagio, Dave stalked to the front desk to pay his son’s $800 bill, while Austin headed to Security to retrieve his things. Then they trooped outside and down the Strip, still not speaking, and checked into the Monte Carlo.
Once settled, father and son had a bite in the lobby coffee shop. It was tense. Dave warned Austin that if he ever ran away to Vegas again, and got into any kind of trouble, he’d let the cops lock him up in the Clark County Juvenile Detention Center—and keep him there.
Rolling his olive-green eyes, the boy replied in a surly tone, “Like I care.” Then they launched into a heated argument over Tricia’s jewelry and other issues.
“Don’t touch your mother’s things again, and if you ever walk into a pawn shop, I’ll call the cops myself to turn you in. You’re only 17. You can’t go in those places,” Dave threatened, jabbing an index finger into his son’s collarbone.
“She was my mom. Her things are mine!” Austin fired back, shoving Dave’s hand away. “She would have wanted me to have them. She would have wanted me to get money if I needed it, and she would have wanted me to find out all I could about her death. I knew her better than you, and she would have been cool with all that.
“It’s been a year since Mom died, and you haven’t told me squat,” he went on bitterly. “You act like it’s some deep, dark secret we should all be ashamed of. Well, I needed answers, so I came here to get them.”
“We’ll talk more about your mother’s death when you’re older and can understand things better,” Dave snapped. “Just don’t ever run away like this again. And don’t go near your mother’s jewelry. I bought those things for her over the years. They have sentimental value. Don’t sell another piece, or you’ll be one sorry kid. I’ll take your car keys and throw you out of the house on your ass!”
“Sentimental value?” Austin sneered. “That’s bullshit! If you were so sentimental about Mom, why were you having sex for six months with that slut, Kayley Corbett?”
“Shut your filthy little mouth!” Dave fumed. “That subject’s closed to you. Some things are beyond the understanding of a 17-year-old. That’s one of them.”
Back in their room, the argument rolled on, getting louder and more heated. At one point, it got physical with Austin attacking his father and the two of them scuffling and trading punches on the floor. Around four AM the people next door complained to the front desk about the noise, but Austin refused to back down and wouldn’t leave his father alone. Dave finally threw his things in a bag and checked into another room down the hall.
The next day, together again but grim and silent, they choked down a quick breakfast in the hotel coffee shop and flew back to Denver.

* * * * Chapter 4 * * * *
As parents of two teenagers, Mike and Sally sympathized with Dave on his son’s bizarre, devious behavior. For countless hours, the Dawsons listened to Dave ramble on and complain about his out-of-control kid. They comforted him any way they could, and then made an effort to spend more time with Austin. He was their godson, after all, and they wanted to help. Movies, pizza, picnics: Mike and Sally counted him in on everything their family did. Sometimes he came along, sometimes he didn’t, but they always asked.
Sally also had lunch with Austin and her kids a few times at the mall that summer. As the four sat around a table in the food court, chowing down on Chinese and gabbing away, Austin nodded occasionally but didn’t say much. He seemed sullen and withdrawn, not like his old self at all.
When Sally asked about the trip to Vegas, he shrugged and said, “Dad got pissed because I hocked some of Mom’s jewelry. I think he overreacted. She would have been cool with it. I needed to get money fast so I could go to Vegas.”
“But taking her jewelry, selling it, and running off like that was wrong.” Sally pointed out.
“Well, if I asked Dad to give me the money and let me go, he would’ve freaked out and said no,” Austin replied. “So I went ahead and did it on my own.”
He had a point, Sally realized, even if his logic was a bit flawed.
Regarding Tricia’s pawned jewelry, there was an important post script. The day after Dave returned from Vegas, he and Sally drove over to Niko’s Pawn Shop on Colfax Avenue, where a desperate, naïve Austin had sold the pieces for half of what they were worth. Their goal was to buy back as much of the jewelry as they could with the $5,000 the Vegas cops had turned over to Dave.
Most of the pieces were already gone, but about 10 were still on display in glass cases around the vast pawn emporium. The prices were exorbitant, and haggling with Niko was useless, but Dave bought back as many as he could, paying three times what Austin had sold them for.
Afterwards, he and Sally had coffee at Marigold, the bustling diner-restaurant owned by Dave in downtown Denver. Perched in a red vinyl booth across from him, Sally examined some of the pieces they’d rebought. Holding a stunning, triple-strand pearl bracelet with a gold toggle clasp encrusted in diamonds, she marveled at its beauty.
“You were Tricia’s best friend, why don’t you take it?” Dave suddenly offered.
Sally’s eyes grew wide as she shook her head in disbelief while staring down at the beautiful bracelet from across the table.
“You know Tricia was adopted,” Dave went on. “Both her parents died years ago, her father when she was just one year old, her mother when she was in her early twenties. She didn’t have a will, but if she did, she would have left something special for you, and this is it.”
Sally had tears in her eyes as Dave fidgeted with the bracelet clasp while fastening it on her wrist.
“Thanks so much,” she gushed. “I will always cherish it.”
Dave was right; Tricia would have wanted the woman who had been her BFF since childhood to have the bracelet. Sally wore it often and proudly. It reminded her of the love between Dave and Tricia, but the bracelet also evoked memories of Tricia’s death and how it had come about.
She had just turned 50, and was grappling with the insecurities of midlife, when she found out that Dave, her husband of 27 years, was having a fling with pretty, twenty-something Kayley Corbett, a hostess at Marigold.
Though Dave ended the six-month affair when Tricia found out, she was devastated. He was contrite, apologetic, and tried to make it up to her any way he could. But Tricia didn’t care. Her life, as she knew it, was over, completely upended. Dave’s cheating on her was like a death, the death of a dream she’d always had about her marriage.
By the time she met handsome, dynamic professor Joe Daggett on the Internet, she was still down and fragile, groping for some way to make sense of the chaos her life had devolved into.
For the first time in her long marriage, Tricia felt uncertain about her future with Dave. She also felt a lack of confidence in their past. That’s a pretty delicate, treacherous place to be: uncertain about your future and full of doubts about your past. What kind of present do you have when you’re wedged between those two?
Joe seemed to pick up her battered ego and put it back together. Though they’d never met in person, he flattered her and paid a lot of attention to her. He was a professor at Northwestern, and she was an instructor at “dinky little Denver Community College,” as she always put it, so they had some things in common. Joe gave Tricia a much-needed boost of confidence in herself, as a woman and a professor.
Sally knew a little about Joe because Tricia talked about him sometimes. But she was unaware they were having a raging Internet romance. And she didn’t care. Joe made her friend laugh again and come alive. And then she went to meet him in Vegas. Sally had no idea. As far as she, and everyone else, knew, Tricia was going to a teacher’s conference in Phoenix.
In May 2012, Dave drove Tricia to the airport in Denver, and she did get on a flight to Phoenix. But when she arrived, she rented a car, drove to Vegas, and checked into the palatial Bellagio resort. She was there for a week, waiting for Joe, but he never showed. Every day he called with a different excuse about why he couldn’t get on a plane in Chicago and fly out to meet her. It was always something work-related, but in reality, he was a married man and probably got cold feet.
In the middle of Tricia’s week in Vegas, Joe called his friend, Al Posey, who lived there, and asked him to take Tricia to dinner and keep her company.
At first, she declined Al’s invitations. But he was persistent, and she finally agreed to meet him. Two days later, she was found dead in bed by a maid at Bellagio, and life was never the same for the Wyatts or the Dawsons.

* * * * Chapter 5 * * * *
It didn’t help that after Austin returned from his sad, strange pilgrimage to Vegas, things started heating up between him and Sarah Dawson, Mike and Sally’s teenage daughter. She had been crushing on him for years, and it was easy to see why. Austin was tall, lanky, and cute, with shoulder-length tawny-brown hair, green eyes, lightly tanned skin, and a shadowy moustache hovering above his full, pink mouth.
He had gotten his good looks from Tricia, who had been a stunning girl, and was still a knock-out at 50. Her tragic, shocking death drew Austin and Sarah closer. She was the same sweet girl she had always been, but her plump, gawky stage was definitely over. She was taller now, and coltish, with curves in all the right places, long chestnut hair, blue eyes, and pale skin.
Austin noticed it all and developed a crush of his own. But aside from appreciating Sarah’s beauty, he had genuinely liked her from the time she was a tiny tot, the younger sister of his best friend, Ryan.
In the months after Tricia’s death, Austin and Sarah kept their blossoming romance private. It was a slow, subtle process, imperceptible to all, sometimes even to them. And they never actually dated, so that was another thing. They just hung out together, talking, playing guitar, watching TV, eating pizza, going to the mall, you know, doing all the things teenagers do.
They did go to one concert together, but it was by accident. Ryan and Austin were supposed to attend a Dead Batteries’ show at Red Rocks Ampitheater, but then Ryan got sick and couldn’t make it, so Austin and Sarah ended up going. Something must have happened that night because, after that, they were a little awkward around each other. There was a certain tension, a heightened awareness in the air.
Sally tried to pretend it wasn’t happening, but Mike picked up on it right away. He was the typical father of a teenage daughter, very sensitive to anything going on with her. He mentioned it to Sally, and she asked Sarah about it one night while they were cleaning up after dinner. Sarah looked down and nodded in a furtive way that confirmed Sally’s worst suspicions.
“Yeah, Mom, Austin and I are more than friends,” she admitted coyly while wrapping some leftover meatloaf in plastic wrap. “He’s a really good guy, but he was so lost after his mom died. I’m trying to help him. I want him to see that there’s still a lot of good in the world, that not everything is dark and sad. I want him to be happy, and we are when we’re together and he focuses on us, not the screwed-up problems his parents had.
“Austin’s different from most guys,” Sarah went on, with an adoring look that told her mom the horse was already out of the barn. “More sensitive, and easier to talk to, plus he’s really cute and an awesome guitar player!”
“Yes, he is,” Sally nodded. “But sometimes people go through sad things and they change and become more unpredictable and mixed up. The trip to Vegas is a good example. The way Austin pawned Aunt Tricia’s jewelry and got on that bus. And the girl from Nebraska who got them the room at Bellagio. She stayed with him for two days, you know. They were together in a sexual way. You’re an innocent, inexperienced girl. I don’t want something to happen that will get you both in trouble.”
“Oh, Mom,” Sarah quickly countered, rolling her eyes. “I can understand why Austin went out there. Nobody would tell him anything about his own mom’s death. He needed to find out for himself, that’s all.
“We’re not having sex or anything,” she added reassuringly, “so don’t worry. I feel safe with Austin. He’s not like other guys. I totally trust him.”
“But Sarah,” Sally said, putting her dishcloth down and looking her 16-year-old daughter in the eye, “we both know Austin has a drinking problem, and probably takes drugs, too. I know you’ve been around him all your life and you trust him, but I don’t want to see you get hurt.
“Sometimes when people drink or take drugs, their logic gets impaired,” Sally continued. “They don’t make good decisions, and they get into trouble because they don’t see reality. I’m just concerned that Austin will do something to hurt you, even though he doesn’t want to, or that the two of you will get into trouble with sex.”
“It’s okay, Mom,” Sarah said, patting Sally’s arm. “I get what you’re saying, but no worries. Austin and I are cool. We’re BFFs who make out sometimes, but we’re not having sex.
“I know he drinks, and maybe even takes drugs,” she went on, “but I don’t think it’s anything serious. I can’t worry about what he does when he’s not with me. I think about what we do when we’re together, the fun we have, and that’s enough for me. I see the good in Austin. He’s special, like Aunt Tricia.”
Sally sighed and shook her head. It was typical Sarah: sweet, kind, and idealistic. She was sure her daughter was good for Austin; she just didn’t know if Austin was good for her daughter. But what could Sally do? Tell Sarah to stay away from him? She had known him all her life. He was like a member of the family. How was Sally going to do that? And, really, did she need to do something that drastic that might have the opposite effect, and draw the besotted teens even closer?
Mike agreed with Sally—at first. But by mid-summer, he was getting more and more concerned about the amount of time the kids were spending together.
His solution was simple. He would get Austin a job. He knew he wanted one, so he called his friend, Paul Perrin, owner of Perrin’s Pharmacy on Pearl Street. He had heard the store needed a prescription delivery boy, so he recommended Austin. After filling out some forms online, Austin and Paul met for a casual interview at a coffee shop. They hit it off, and Austin started a week later.
The new job seemed like a great idea at the time. Paul ate lunch at Marigold a few days a week, so he and Dave saw each other all the time. And Austin was an excellent driver. Perrin’s had a white Subaru Outback he would use for deliveries. It was ten-years-old, battered, and had some major miles on it. But Austin was good with cars and knew Denver like the back of his hand.
Mike, Sally, and Dave all thought it would be good for the troubled teen to get his mind off Sarah and onto something more constructive. Plus, he would be earning a small wage and tips. Paul agreed that he could work full-time the rest of the summer, then switch to part-time when school started. It sounded like a win-win.
But a huge problem evolved just two weeks in, when Austin made a delivery of painkillers and muscle relaxants to a struggling 23-year-old artist named Cherie Saunders, who lived in an old, shabby-chic Denver neighborhood called Park Hill.
Punky-sexy Cherie, with her short, spiky black hair and crystal blue eyes, was perpetually decked out in vintage leather minis and tight tees. Lolling on the front porch of her faded red-brick-Victorian house one mid-July day, it took her all of two seconds to notice that the new Perrin’s delivery boy had it goin’ on.
They chatted briefly in the stifling heat, then Cherie invited Austin in for iced tea and a peek at her paintings.
He was taken with the artwork—and the artist. Cherie mentioned a party she was having that weekend and told him to swing by. He did, and was soon hanging out with the raven-haired fox and her gang.
Most of them were in their early twenties, and already hooked on booze and prescription drugs. Austin was soon popping uppers and downers, too, and stealing small amounts of both from the Perrin’s dispensary for his new friends. As if that wasn’t enough, his drinking problem was getting worse.
Cherie was another Lola, an experienced, older babe who thought Austin was cute and wanted to play with him in lots of ways, including sexually. It was just fun and games for her, and probably Austin, too. Cherie was someone he could get into trouble with in all kinds of ways that would be totally off limits with sweet, innocent Sarah.
When Dave found out about Cherie, all the alarm bells went off. But there wasn’t much he could do. He couldn’t lock his son up, or watch him 24/7.
Dave’s partner at Marigold had gone back east for the summer, so he was back to working long hours, and when he was home he was basically out to lunch and not paying much attention to Austin, or anything else.
School started the week after Labor Day 2013, and Austin switched from full to part-time at Perrin’s. Paul was happy with him, and Austin loved his new job. If he was high while working, he covered it really well. And he continued hanging out at Cherie’s, drinking, doing drugs, and partying with her crowd.
Ever so gradually, Austin began to drift into another world, one filled with young hedonists, renegades, and other rootless souls. As he spent more time at Cherie’s, he saw Sarah less. There were fewer phone calls, guitar sessions, and trips to the mall. Hurt and confused, Sarah began to sink into a depression. She tried to hide it from Sally because she didn’t want her to say, “I told you so,” but she really was going through a rough time. Austin was the first boy she had ever loved, and now she was feeling rejected by him. At 16, she was too young to know how to deal with that kind of pain.
Given the dark swirl of events surrounding him, it was inevitable that trouble would beckon for Austin. At some point, a few of Cherie’s friends, who knew his dad owned Marigold, began badgering him about pulling off a robbery there to get money for drugs. They figured that, with help on the inside, it would be an easy hit with a big pay-off.
Austin initially said no. But the drinking and drugs were getting to him, making him more fragile and erratic. Sadly, it was just a matter of time before he would buckle under, and do something that would get him into trouble with the law.
It didn’t help that Austin and Dave were still at each other’s throats. After the trip to Vegas, things were never right between them again. Austin’s judgment wasn’t at its best. He was 17, basically parentless, working part-time, cutting classes, drinking, doing drugs, messing around with Cherie, though he was still hung up on Sarah, and running with a dangerous crowd. It was a recipe for disaster.

* * * * Chapter 6 * * * *
In late 2013, Sally was trying to get through a second fall and holiday season without Tricia. It wasn’t easy. She barely noticed the leaves changing on the Aspens, skipped all of Austin’s football games, ordered in for Thanksgiving, and left the Christmas tree untrimmed.
“Joy To The World,” it was not.
Sally’s grief for Tricia was still all-consuming, but it was nothing compared to what Dave and Austin were going through. Mike would often tell Sally how strained and tense things were across the street, with loud arguments, some of them getting physical, raging for hours, or days of bitter silence behind slammed, locked doors.
Apparently, there was no respite from the conflict, even on national holidays. Thanksgiving 2013 was a total bust for the Wyatts. Dave’s parents had invited him and Austin to come out to Evergreen, a picturesque mountain town outside of Denver, for a traditional turkey dinner. But Austin refused to go, so Dan and Elaine carted umpteen bags of groceries to Lupine Street and cooked in Tricia’s kitchen.
Dave showed up at the table, on time, freshly shaved, and sober. But Austin remained secluded in his room, watching football and eating a hamburger from McDonald’s, delivered by Ryan. Needless to say, the day was ruined for Dave and his parents.
Thanksgiving was tense, but dismal holidays were the least of Austin’s problems. He was becoming more hooked on the prescription pills he was stealing from the Perrins’ dispensary. With his judgment rapidly going downhill, he was listening more and more to Cherie’s deranged, desperado cohorts, who wouldn’t stop hounding him about pulling off a robbery at Marigold. Finally, the pressure got to him, and the idea began to seem more doable.
One day in late November 2013, while they were hanging out in Cherie’s living room snorting meth, the gang came up with a plan. It was simple. On a Saturday night when Dave was off, Austin, who sometimes worked at Marigold, would make sure he was in the kitchen at closing time. He would deactivate the alarm system on the back door, unlock it, and tell the bus boy he would take the trash out himself. While he was gathering the bags, four guys wearing ski masks, two with guns loaded and pointed, would rush in and demand all the money in both registers. Austin would act stunned and scared, and tell everyone to stand back and let them take the cash.
The leap from planning the robbery to committing it was short. Early one frigid December morning the heist went down while Austin was out of school on Christmas break and Marigold was at its busiest.
At three AM, he headed to the kitchen, turned off the back-door alarm, which was always on after midnight, and unlocked the door. A moment later, he was standing by helplessly as four masked intruders barged in, two of them waving guns.
During the five-minute heist, Austin acted scared and told the Marigold employees to stand back and stay calm. They were all shaken, but no one got hurt, and the bandits cleared out with about $6,000.
Dave was devastated, even though he had insurance and would probably be able to recover most of the money. It would have been a clean job except that one of the bandits somehow dropped a Perrin’s pill bottle in the Marigold parking lot as they were making their getaway. It probably fell out of his pocket while he was loading sacks of cash in the trunk.
There was a big snowstorm that night so the detectives didn’t find it right away. But when they did, a few days later, and after they learned that Austin worked at Perrin’s and hung out with Cherie’s crowd, they began to connect the dots and suspect it was an inside job.
The police informed Dave, who was aghast. He refused to believe his son was involved. Then Cherie tipped Austin that a detective had found the pill bottle. They were questioning two of the robbers and wanted to talk to him, too.
Austin went into panic mode. He was terrified of going home because he was certain Dave would confront him and they would get into a fight, or that Dave might call the cops on him. So the boy cut classes and laid low at Cherie’s for a few days.
Dave tried to call him, but Cherie would answer and say he was working or at school. When Sarah finally reached him, she warned him that the police suspected him and that his father was planning on coming to Cherie’s to bring him home.
Austin couldn’t take the pressure. He couldn’t face his father, or what he had done. On a frigid, snowy morning in February 2014, he called Sarah and told her he was going to run away to Leadville, the old mining town high in the central Rockies that they had driven to on the day of Tricia’s burial.
Sarah burst into tears. She couldn’t imagine her life without Austin and begged him to take her along. He said no, but then she revealed something that jolted the hell out of him. She was pregnant, about three months along. Austin went numb with fear. He couldn’t believe it. He didn’t know what to say or how to react. Sarah told him she had taken three home-pregnancy tests, and they were all positive. She was carrying his child.
It was hard for the two of them to accept because they’d had sex a total of one time, and it was her first. Just once, three months earlier, and Sarah had conceived. Of course, her mother knew nothing. There Sally was, the office manager for one of the top OB/GYNs in Denver, dealing with pregnant girls every day, and she didn’t realize that her own daughter was with child.
As soon as he got the news, Austin made a fast decision. He would take Sarah with him. There was no other way. The two would run off to the mountains in the battered old Subaru.

* * * * Chapter 7 * * * *
Rushed and panicked, Austin threw the stuff he kept at Cherie’s into a knapsack. Jumping into the dirty white Subaru, he drove to the parking lot of a Jack In The Box just off Lupine Street and picked up Sarah before noon on a cold, dreary mid-winter Wednesday.
Right after she talked to him, she had filled her own knapsack with the barest of essentials and gone to the fast-food spot to wait. Austin still had a wad of cash from the robbery and told her not to worry; he would buy them both whatever they needed once they got to Leadville.
It was a frigid, snowy day. The wind was howling. The high that morning was barely 10. Sally’s boss, prominent OB/GYN Dr. Howard Prater, was busy with two emergency C-sections, so he would be at the hospital all day. The office would be closed. Mike, who had put in a graveyard shift at the medical lab where he worked, was home with Sally. Ryan and Sarah were at school, at least that’s where their parents thought they were.
It was a fairly uneventful day till around two PM when the Dawsons’ phone rang. It was a furious Paul Perrin, informing them that Austin had gone AWOL.
“He’s missing, gone-baby-gone!” Paul hollered, “and so is the Subaru, with at least 30 prescriptions in it. Not one of them has been delivered. My phone’s been ringing off the hook with irate customers. There’s a blizzard, they’re cooped up inside, and they need their meds. People are panicking. Where the hell is Austin? No one knows. The kid has vanished into thin air!”
An upset Mike apologized profusely to Paul and promised to call him back the minute he knew what was going on. But Paul Perrin wasn’t the type to sit around and wait.
“Look,” he told Mike bluntly, “the kid may have had an accident. That Subaru’s got a lot of miles on it. It’s not the most reliable car in the world. Maybe he’s in a ditch somewhere in this storm and can’t get to a phone. Or, who knows, maybe he took off for Texas!
“I’m gonna have to call the cops and give them the license number and tell them to be on the lookout. I need to know where that car is. There’s thousands of dollars’ worth of meds in it!”
“Okay, Paul, okay,” Mike said, frazzled and confused, but trying to remain calm. “I understand, I’m really sorry. Do what you need to do. I have no idea where Austin is, but I’m sure there’s a logical explanation for all this. Maybe he did have an accident. If you want to call the DPD or highway patrol, go ahead. Just let me know what you find out.”
Looking over at Mike, Sally shook her head.
“Where’s Austin?” she wailed, throwing her hands up. “What’s happened to him? That kid’s a disaster waiting to happen. My God, what if he’s drinking and drugging with Cherie and her gang? What if they’ve taken off with the prescriptions? You know they’re all hooked. The cops think they’re behind the Marigold robbery. What if they’re all running away with Austin in the Perrin’s car?”
Mike took her arm and gently shook it.
“Sally, please calm down,” he said. “We don’t have all the facts yet. Maybe he had car trouble, or got lost in the storm. Austin will turn up soon, I’m sure, and everything will be fine, okay?”
Sighing and groaning, Sally stormed off to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
By 3:30, Sarah still hadn’t come home from school. Sally called her best friend, Amy, who jolted her with the news that her daughter hadn’t been to class that day. Mike and Sally looked at each other, and right then and there, they suspected the worst: that Austin had run away and taken Sarah with him.
Sally started screaming and cursing, her arms flailing wildly as she tore through the kitchen kicking every appliance in sight. Mike was livid too.
In shock, they threw on coats and ran across the street to Dave’s to tell him what they suspected. At that point, nobody knew where the kids were, just that they were probably together and had taken the Perrin’s car. Dave told Mike and Sally the cops wanted to question Austin about the robbery. He said that Austin was probably running because he was afraid of talking to them, or facing him. Of course, Mike, Sally, and Dave all figured that Sarah tagged along because they were so close. None of them had any idea she was pregnant.
When Ryan got home from school, Mike called him and told him to come over to Dave’s. The minute he walked in the door, his parents told him that Austin and Sarah were missing, and asked where he thought they were. At first he didn’t have a clue, but then he guessed they were heading to Leadville because he knew how much they both loved it up there. The remote, desolate mountain town, surrounded by snow-covered peaks at timberline, had a quirky, romantic vibe they were drawn to.
The drive from Denver was two hours in good weather, but in blizzard conditions, who knew? Pulling out a map, Dave quickly scanned the towns they would pass through. Though he was shaking with tension, he tried to console the Dawsons by letting them know there were new snow tires on the Subaru. Small comfort. He was also sure Austin had money, but he didn’t know how much, or where he would go, or stay.
Mike and Sally wanted to go home with Ryan, but they didn’t want to leave Dave, so they stayed with him while Ryan hurried back across the street to watch the phone. Sally was a nervous wreck as everyone stewed and fretted, waiting for news. Mike and Dave were both furious. Mike vowed that when the kids were found, he would never let Sarah see Austin again, and Dave swore he would put his son in a military school to knock some sense and discipline into him.
Meanwhile, just outside Denver, the visibility was next to nil in the blinding snow as Austin and Sarah headed west on Old Colorado 91. It was mid-afternoon, but the sun was already on the verge of disappearing behind a veil of ominous gray clouds. Bad news, for sure, since the car heater was now beginning to choke and sputter.
In a state of exhaustion and panic, the teenage couple stopped briefly at a liquor store in tiny Bardsville. There Sarah loaded up on snacks, and Austin bought vodka with a fake ID. In the parking lot, now blanketed with over a foot of heavy, sodden snow, the teens huddled in the freezing Subaru, scarfing down Cheetos and Pop-Tarts.
As she gulped milk from a quart-size carton, Sarah felt queasy. A panic attack was coming on. When she told Austin, he stroked her hand, took another swig of vodka from a half-pint wrapped in a brown paper bag, and popped a couple more Dexedrine he had stolen from Perrin’s. Sarah stared at him, alarmed and terrified, but also adoringly.
There was one more stop to make, but it had to be fast. While Austin filled the tank at a Conoco station, Sarah trudged through the thick, frigid snow in her beige suede loafers to a distant, battered door marked “Ladies.”
Jerking it open, she gingerly stepped inside the filthy, broken-down restroom. As she perched on the grimy toilet seat, blasts of frigid air and snow sliced through a round hole in the door where the lock had been ripped out. It took a while, but she finally stopped shaking long enough to pee on a solid block of ice.
Back on the road, with the snow coming down harder and heavier, they maneuvered west towards Copper Mountain, the bustling ski resort nestled in the Arapahoe National Forest. Leadville, the old silver-mining town high in the central Rockies that they were running to, was still a tortuous 23 miles distant, a 45-minute ride in good weather, but much longer in this storm. At 10,000 feet it was a sullen, slate-colored Victorian mining town with a rowdy past that was fondly known as “the ice-box of Colorado.” A good place to hunker down in. No one would ask questions. They almost made it.

* * * * Chapter 8 * * * *
Slipping and sliding along Colorado 91 in the near white-out, Austin looked in the rearview mirror and spotted a Colorado Highway Patrol car.
“Damn!” he cursed, smacking the steering wheel and pointing behind them. When Sarah turned and saw the hunter-green police cruiser, her eyes widened and dazed. With her hand over her mouth, she made a sound part gasp, part groan.
“My dad must’ve called them,” a panicky Austin hollered. “They’re gonna take me in for armed robbery!”
“No, they won’t,” Sarah cried, gripping his arm. “We’ll be in Leadville soon. They’ll never find us there. In a day or two, we’ll leave for California. My Grandpa’s out there. He was a cop for 30 years. He’ll help us!”
Glancing over at her, Austin nodded. He was now driving as fast as he could, but in the rushing torrent of snow, visibility was failing, and, at 10,000 feet, the old Subaru was suddenly wheezing as if for breath. When Austin muttered something about engine trouble, Sarah buried her head in her hands and started to cry. Reaching over, he patted her leg reassuringly, but she was too far gone to even notice.
As they approached the remote ranch community of Gage, 10 miles outside of Leadville, the highway cops were still on their tail. A wave of hopelessness and betrayal swept over Austin as he thought of his own father calling the police to turn him in. But in fact, the cops’ presence had nothing to do with Dave. It had to do with Austin’s reckless driving. He was swerving wildly in and out of icy, snow-packed lanes, endangering his own life as well as Sarah’s and everyone else on the twisting road.
It was bitter cold, less than 10 degrees, and daylight was fading fast. Then the car heater quit. Sarah frantically pushed and pulled every lever and switch on the dashboard, but only gusts of frigid air would shoot through the vents.
She was dressed in jeans, a white cotton sweater, and a raspberry-pink ski jacket. Her suede shoes were soaked from the grim march to the ladies room in Bardsville. She didn’t know what to do. Her socks and feet were wet and intensely cold. If she took her shoes off, she feared her feet would turn to ice. If she left them on, her feet would stay wet and get even colder. She didn’t have a blanket and hadn’t brought extra shoes. She didn’t want to tell Austin how cold she was because she feared he would take something off, and she didn’t want him to get any colder than he already was. So she just sat there in the front seat, shivering in silence and gritting her teeth as the icy air rushed through the vents.
She was violently cold, so cold she was shaking. Sarah had never been that cold in her life and it brought on a kind of panic, a feeling of despair. That, and the thick wall of snow engulfing them, and the rasping radio, and the CHP in the rearview mirror, all of it like an alien world slowly closing in on them. And the memories of the good times she and Austin had known—the picnics in the mountains, guitar sessions on the front porch, movie dates at the mall—were fading as fast as the last rays of dwindling daylight.
Austin was pummeling and poking the heater now, trying to revive it while struggling to keep his hands on the steering wheel. He too was quivering with cold, his teeth chattering. He wore only jeans, a ratty Bronco’s sweatshirt, and a cheap black nylon jacket he’d filched from Cherie’s hall closet that morning. On his head was an orange soft-knit hat that covered his ears and most of his hair, except for the stray blond ringlets that clustered innocently around the nape of his neck. Gazing lovingly at them, Sarah thought of their baby, tucked deep in her belly. She worried that the infant might be cold, so she hunched forward in her seat with her arms tightly clasped and rocked back and forth to keep it warm.
As they got closer to Gage, the car started gasping and sputtering alarmingly, and then it quit with a loud, decisive thud. Gripping the wheel with both hands, Austin eased the Subaru off the road and into a long, shallow gully where it jolted to an abrupt stop.
Without thinking, the teen fugitives grabbed their knapsacks off the backseat and jumped out. With darkness fast descending, Austin clutched Sarah’s hand and the pair started running towards Gage Creek Tunnel, a huge bore through the Rocky Mountains that was just a few hundred yards distant. In the driving snow the police car behind them was barely visible, but it was still there, and apparently very much in pursuit. The young couple were both so scared, their legs almost gave out. But thoughts of the baby, and the warmth and comfort of a motel room in Leadville, spurred them on.
As they ran, the frigid mountain air jabbed at the delicate lining of their lungs, making them cough and gag. Suddenly one of Sarah’s shoes, now frozen and stiff, wrenched off. Yanking Austin’s hand, she cried for him to stop so she could retrieve it, but he turned and saw the police car bearing down.
“We can’t,” he shouted, “we’ve got to get into the tunnel!” So Sarah left her shoe and hobbled the rest of the way through the deep snow with one foot in a wet, fraying sock and the other in a wet, frozen shoe.
Minutes later, they made it to the dark, cavernous entrance of the tunnel, looming around them beneath the towering ridgeline of the Continental Divide. Without a thought, they darted through the portal and kept moving along the edge of the asphalt road right alongside four lanes of speeding traffic. Railed walkways on both sides provided a measure of relief, a place where they might leap to avoid the hurtling vehicles.
Austin was gripping Sarah’s hand and pulling her after him. They were desperate to make it all the way through, not knowing what lay on the other side, but hopeful of an escape from the dreaded cops.
The tunnel was dimly lit but seemed doable, despite the heavy traffic that Wednesday afternoon. They huffed and puffed for a full ten minutes, but then their luck ran out. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a big cattle truck with blinding headlights came barreling at them from behind, veering dangerously close to Sarah. In an instant, Austin yanked her forward, then hurled her onto the safety ramp. She fell on the frozen concrete, hit her head hard, and was knocked out. His quick action saved her, but left Austin vulnerable. He was now in the direct path of the same 18-wheeler, with no time or way to escape. Turning for a few seconds, he was slammed, head-on, and run over. The impact was grisly and ghastly, an accident so violent and cataclysmic that it brought instant death from blunt force trauma.
Bedlam broke out in the tunnel, as cars and trucks suddenly swerved, screeched, and rammed one another. Drivers leapt out, running and yelling. Sirens were soon blaring, and officers rushed to the scene. Two of them ran along the ramp to Austin and Sarah. His beautiful, young, panther-like body was crumpled and smashed, a bloody heap of unrecognizable bones, tissue, and clothing. Someone crouched beside him, and, with eyes closed, solemnly prayed for his soul.
Nearby, Sarah was still unconscious and lying on her side. Blood trickled from her nose. Her ski jacket was torn and stained with blood and oil. Matted blood was in her hair. She was eerily silent and motionless, but, miraculously, still breathing.
Within minutes, a team of paramedics in dark jackets and pants sprinted to the scene with stretchers and bags. Two of them gently placed Austin’s remains on a stretcher, covered them, and carried them to a waiting van. Another medic wrapped a blanket around the shoulders of the shaken truck driver and led him to a waiting ambulance. Two others carefully placed Sarah’s limp body on a stretcher and loaded it into another ambulance. Through the frigid darkness it sped, with sirens blaring and red lights flashing, to Gage Creek Memorial Hospital, 20 minutes distant on a slope in the ridgeline called Puma Valley.

* * * * Chapter 9 * * * *
Meanwhile, back in Denver, six hours had passed since Austin and Sarah had taken off in the Perrin’s car. Pacing in his living room, nerves ablaze and shaking with tension, Dave waited for the phone, waited for its shrill, piercing ring, and then an official voice on the other end that would inform him of what had happened up there on the mountain.
With Mike and Sally perched anxiously on the edge of the couch, Dave’s mood shifted from confusion and anger to confusion and dread as the minutes ticked by. He worried how Austin would cope if the cops nabbed him and brought him back to Denver to face charges in the armed robbery. Dave was scared to death for his son, afraid he’d taken off because he was in on the heist. If he wasn’t, why else would he run?
“Austin’s basically a good kid,” he told Mike and Sally as he paced about the room, never veering more than a few feet from the phone. “He’s just mixed up and confused right now, and hanging out with the wrong people. I blame those lowlifes and derelicts at Cherie’s. They must have forced him to help with the robbery. He would never do something like that on his own. I’ll hire the best defense lawyers in town,” he vowed, his voice breaking. “My son doesn’t belong in jail. I’ll do what I can, spend whatever I have to, to keep him free.”
Seven o’clock came and went. No phone call, and the snow continued to fall. Dave was becoming more and more desperate. Mike and Sally’s old friend and neighbor was losing it now, marching in small circles around the kitchen, occasionally halting to pound the butcher’s block with a tightly clenched fist.
Outside, darkness had descended as the wind howled and the storm tightened its grip. Lupine Street was empty and forlorn, a frozen tableau where nothing moved, and an occasional, flickering porch light was the only sign of life.
As the snow cast deep ravines and gullies in neighboring driveways, the clock ticked on to an empty silence. At the picture window in Dave’s living room, the handful of fearful, anxious souls craned their necks, desperate for any sign of contact. But nature replied only with more whistling gusts of driving snow.
Shortly before 10, a restless Sally again scurried to the window, now nearly shrouded with ice. Peering out, she saw what appeared to be a pair of headlights inching ever so cautiously through the drifts. She looked again and couldn’t believe her eyes. A boxy, high-riding vehicle, like a Jeep, had just turned and was heading down Dave’s driveway.
Dave, Mike, and Sally soon heard car doors open and slam, and then the heavy thumping of boots on the porch steps. Two sets of them. And then the harsh, grating sound of the doorbell. Two long, sharp buzzes, like a dentist’s drill. The shrill buzzing cut through the house and brought everyone to attention.
In this weather, at this hour, who could it possibly be?
Dave got up and padded to the front door, with Mike and Sally close behind. On the stoop in the grim darkness, broken only by a small, dull porch light, stood two trim, middle-aged men in dark green parkas and creased pants, wearing heavy black work boots. There was nothing remarkable about them except their crisp, parade-ground appearance. All Sally would remember later was that the taller guy clutched a clipboard, and the other, a green, canvas satchel, and both of them had dark, wide-brimmed hats perched atop their heads.
For an endless moment, Dave and the Dawsons stood there mute. When Dave inquired who they were, the tall guy with the clipboard replied tersely, “We’re here to see David Wyatt. Can we come in, please? It’s a frightful night.”
The two officers entered the house and strode briskly through the hall and into the living room. Dave felt deeply anxious, but managed to introduce himself, Mike, and Sally. In short order, the officers informed them that Austin had died in the tunnel, and Sarah was in a Gage Creek hospital recovering from a concussion.
The news totally unhinged everyone. Dave gasped and collapsed in a heap on the floor, writhing and sobbing. Kneeling down beside him, Sally tried to comfort him, but it was no use. She was crying too hard herself.
Mike struggled with Dave and Sally and then sought to confirm the news. Yes, Officers Calloway and Desmond reported, Sarah had suffered a concussion and some bruised ribs and abrasions. She had been weak from the loss of blood, but that was now under control. She would make a full recovery, but she had lost the baby.
“Baby? What baby?” Mike asked, his eyes like searchlights as they scanned the officers’ faces. “Are you sure you have the right girl? Sarah Dawson, 16 years old, 5’6”, light brown hair, blue eyes, slim build. She was in the car with Austin, but she wasn’t pregnant.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Dawson, your daughter was approximately three months along,” Officer Desmond retorted, reading from his notes. “Her wallet and ID were in her purse. The paramedics treated her at the scene and then transported her by ambulance to Gage Creek Hospital. She’s in serious condition.”
“Oh, my God!” Mike cried as Sally rushed to his side and Dave staggered to his feet and sank onto the sofa.
“She was unconscious for a full 20 minutes,” the trooper went on. “She’s still dizzy and experiencing temporary memory loss and blurred vision. They’ll keep her at the hospital for a few more days, or maybe a week. When the nurses think she’s strong enough, they’ll tell her about Austin’s death and the loss of the baby. But she shouldn’t learn about that until her condition has stabilized.”
Calloway, clearing his throat, then stated, “We’re sorry about the loss of life in this accident, but we have reason to believe Austin was intoxicated and under the influence of prescription drugs when he attempted to run through the tunnel with your daughter. His Subaru Outback had stalled in a ravine near the entrance. There were empty pill bottles in the glove compartment and in his knapsack.
“Austin apparently caused the accident by obstructing traffic as he tried to run through the tunnel with your daughter. His life was lost, but he saved the young lady’s. For that, he should be commended. Witnesses said they were holding hands and he was pulling her. When the cattle truck got closer to her, he pulled her forward and threw her onto the safety ramp.
“The baby died on impact when she fell. Then Austin was hit. It was instantaneous, massive blunt force trauma. But your daughter would have died, too, if he hadn’t pushed her to safety. Austin is a hero,” the officer went on, looking at Dave, “but he’s also the guilty party in this incident. Twenty-five cars were involved. Some people suffered whiplash as well as other back and neck injuries. We’re questioning the truck driver now, but it’s not our intention to file charges.”
Mike and Sally, who had sat down beside Dave on the sofa, were stunned and shaken by the news of the baby. They told the troopers they’d drive to Gage the next day to visit Sarah, and stay with her until she was well enough to come home. Sally felt like such a fool, working every day in a prominent OB/GYN’s office, and totally oblivious to the fact that her own daughter was pregnant and needed her.
As the officers concluded their call, one of them hesitated for a moment and turned to Dave, who was now on his feet, but barely.
“Um, Mr. Wyatt, there’s one other matter we need to inform you of. Colorado state law requires that the coroner obtain a positive ID of the deceased. In serious accidents like this, that is often possible only through dental records. The decision on whether you will appear in person to make the ID, or authorize the use of dental records, is entirely yours. Please let us know what you decide. The remains are presently at the coroner’s office In Gage, and will remain so pending your decision.”
“Uh, thanks,” Dave murmured. “I will have to think about it and let you know…”
It was certainly the most agonizing night in any of their lives. Dave, Mike, and Sally were overcome with shock and grief, and struggling to absorb it all. Sally called Ryan and he hurried over to Dave’s. When he heard the news that his best friend was gone and his sister was in the hospital and had miscarried, he couldn’t believe it at first. But then he turned a ghostly white, sank onto the couch, and burst into tears. Sally wrapped her arms around her son and held him close for a long time.
There were few words to convey how everyone felt. Sally knew how the deaths of Tricia and Austin had affected them, and the adjustments they were forced them to make, and now she wondered how they all would get through this latest tragedy. Was there any way to move beyond it?
It was cold at Dave’s, so cold. The fire had gone out, and there was no more firewood. Sally peeked outside. The snow was still tumbling down. Lupine Street was now buried under two feet. In the driveway, Austin’s red Jeep was almost submerged. The street was deserted, and now a sizable maple tree had broken, mid-trunk, and fallen across the roadway, further sealing them off.
They all spent that night stretched out in Dave’s living room, covered with blankets, choking down cup after cup of stale coffee spiked with any kind of alcohol they could get their hands on, crying, whimpering, dozing, talking. The four were like bruised, battered survivors of a shipwreck, clinging to each other in the same lifeboat, drifting towards a strange and dark unknown.

* * * * Chapter 10 * * * *
Sally woke up early the next morning dry-mouthed, achey, and slumped in a chair in Dave’s living room. Sprawled on a nearby couch and loveseat were Mike, Dave, and Ryan, dozing fitfully. Sally’s belly was rumbling, her head throbbing, but all she could think of was Sarah. She had to see her, hold her, talk to her. She was terrified her daughter would have permanent physical or psychological scars from the concussion and the double traumas of losing Austin and the baby.
Sally had to get to Sarah. But how? They were snowed in, buried under two feet, with power lines down all over Denver. Hauling herself up, she tiptoed to the foyer and peeked outside. Lupine Street had been utterly beaten into submission. Everything was quiet, still, and intensely white. The snow had finally stopped and the sun was struggling to come out, but most of Colorado was still under a blizzard warning. Groaning softly, Sally closed the blinds and wandered back into the cool, damp living room.
By seven, everyone was up and coping with killer hangovers. Mike got the coffee going and Sally scrambled up some eggs. While they sat around the kitchen table eating, they talked about how they could get to Gage. It wasn’t just Mike and Sally, but Dave also. He needed to get to the coroner’s office to make a decision on Austin’s remains. He had no idea what shape his son’s body was in, and he broke down just thinking of it.
After breakfast, when everyone was calmer, they called the hospital to get an update on Sarah. She was still in serious condition, but improving steadily. Then Dave mustered the strength to call his parents in Evergreen with the terrible news, and Sally got ahold of her father in California.
Family members needed to be contacted right away so they would hear about the accident from Dave, Mike, or Sally, and not the media. Local papers and TV stations were all over Austin and Sarah’s story, giving it lots of play. It was the human interest angle on an inhumane storm that made it a tabloid dream and grabbed everyone’s attention. The tragic young couple, and the heroic efforts of the boy to save the girl with one shoe, and then her violent death and the shocking loss of their baby.
Sure enough, the next day, the headline on the Daily-Gazette’s Metro section was, “From Drama to Trauma: Gage Creek Tunnel Romeo and Juliet.” The front-page story described Austin’s grisly death and Sarah’s tragic miscarriage in graphic detail. Everyone was horrified by the invasion of privacy, but Sally had to get a grip and focus on getting to Sarah.
At her insistence, Mike called the Colorado Highway Patrol and asked if they could give the four a lift to Gage. At first the CHP flat out refused, explaining that this was outside the scope of their responsibilities. But after Sally and Mike’s persistent pleas, they seemed to soften, and finally, several frantic calls later, they relented and agreed. It was a big deal because they were already spread thin and the trip into the mountains would take several hours in the cold and snow.
Everyone packed a few things, and Sally quickly filled an overnight bag with Sarah’s favorite jeans, a warm coat, and some sweaters. That afternoon, Dave, Mike, Sally, and Ryan piled into a heavy-duty police van, with a lanky trooper named Hal, and set out for Gage. It was a long, treacherous drive on slick highways and icy byways, with hairpin turns and deep drop-offs into snowy ravines. Riding through the long, winding Gage Creek Tunnel, with its hurtling cars and trucks, almost made Sally throw up. Every bump in the darkened roadway made them relive horrid images. They all cringed, held hands, and prayed.
Finally, as dusk was approaching, they pulled into the parking lot of a Holiday Inn near the hospital. Inside, the lobby was packed with hordes of jabbering young skiers as the visitors wove their way to the front desk.
Shrugging his shoulders nonchalantly, the desk clerk bluntly announced “Sold out,” to Mike and Sally. But their new trooper friend worked some magic, and the staff managed to cough up a couple of rooms, plus a cot for Ryan.
Mike, Ryan, and Sally spent the next four days at Sarah’s bedside hovering anxiously, holding her hand, and trying to connect with her. She was awake but confused, and still suffering from headaches, dizziness, and memory loss. Sally feared that Sarah wouldn’t know who they were, let alone remember anything about the accident.
“You’re my parents?” she asked, wide-eyed and dazed, a thick bandage encircling her head. Sally’s heart sank, her stomach lurched. But then, later on, when she appeared with Sarah’s favorite cobalt-blue coat, her daughter brightened and remarked, “That looks familiar.” Best three words Sally had ever heard.
Meanwhile, at the coroner’s office, Dave went about identifying Austin’s meager personal effects. Near collapse from all that had happened, he gripped the side of an old iron chair for support as he fielded endless bureaucratic questions and filled out reams of paperwork. Because his son’s body was so badly broken, the coroner gently repeated the troopers’ suggestion that Dave forgo a formal viewing and instead permit the use of dental records to make an ID. An overwhelmed, distraught Dave finally agreed and signed off for officials to obtain the records.
Dave also agreed with the coroner that Austin should be cremated. A small ceremony was quickly organized. In the coming weeks or months, a more elaborate memorial service would be held in Denver.
Three days later, after a positive ID was made on Austin’s remains, Dave and the Dawsons attended a brief cremation ceremony. In a rental car, Dave drove the four to Rutldege, a sleepy hamlet one hour north of Gage. The somber service lasted only 15 minutes and occurred in the dimly lit chapel of Rutledge’s bleak, brown-brick mortuary. Many tears were shed, especially by Dave, who had lost his only child, and 17-year-old Ryan, who was saying goodbye to his best friend.
A few days later, when the roads had cleared, Dave drove back to Denver with the urn. As he pulled out of the Holiday Inn parking lot that frigid February morning, he was still emotionally battered and bruised. Though Mike and Sally were worried, they were relieved that at least his parents would be waiting for him at his house in Denver.

* * * * Chapter 11 * * * *
With each passing day, Sarah grew stronger and remembered more. Mike and Sally dreaded telling her about Austin’s death and the baby’s. When they finally did, she looked stunned for a minute, then burst into tears. As she started recalling more clearly the last fateful moments in the tunnel with Austin and the hard fall onto the concrete, she was heartbroken. Then she started to remember the bright days, the good times they’d had together, and that brought more tears. It was gut-wrenching for Mike and Sally to watch their daughter going through this kind of pain.
On a cold, overcast Sunday, Sally lingered in Sarah’s hospital room while her husband and son headed back to Denver. Mike had to return to work at the lab, and Ryan to school. It was just as well that Mike was leaving because he and Sally had gotten into a terrible fight over who was to blame for the tragedies in the tunnel.
“If you thought a little more about our daughter and a little less about yourself, maybe we wouldn’t be here right now,” a disgusted, disapproving Mike told his wife.
“You haven’t been the same since Tricia died. I’m sorry you lost your best friend, but that was two years ago. You’ve got to move on, make new friends. How much longer can you wallow in this endless grief? Self-indulgence has a price, and our daughter’s paying it in that hospital bed!”
“Oh, that’s rich coming from you,” Sally sneered, “the most self-indulgent, narcissistic person on the planet. And whose idea was it to get Austin a job delivering prescriptions at Perrin’s? That has to be one of the dumbest things you’ve ever done. He had an alcohol problem and took drugs. Maybe we wouldn’t be in this mess if you thought a little more about Austin and a little less about yourself.
“You were so desperate to keep Austin away from Sarah that you got him a job that ended up destroying his life, putting our daughter in the hospital, and killing our unborn grandchild. So you take the top prize in the blame game, Mikey. This is your fault, and has nothing to do with my grief for Tricia. How dare you even suggest that I’ve neglected my daughter!”
It was sad and shameful, really, that after all the Dawsons had been through, they were attacking each other. Their son was the one who ended up suffering the most. Ryan had lost his best friend, and his younger sister had been in a horrible accident and lost her baby. The last thing he needed was his parents’ constant bickering.
After Mike and Ryan went back to Denver, Sarah started opening up more. One afternoon, Sally brought up the pregnancy. She told her daughter that she wished she had known she wanted to become sexually active and needed birth control.
“Oh, Mom, you would have told me not to do it,” Sarah responded, shaking her head. “I thought of talking to you, but then everything happened so fast. I was having a hard time figuring out what I wanted, so I kept it all to myself. Austin wanted us to do it for a long time, but I always said no.
“Then when he started hanging out with Cherie, I got scared and caved. I didn’t want to lose him. So we did it once, just once. We didn’t use any protection, but it was over so fast. I was shocked when I started getting sick in the morning and didn’t get my period.
“I finally went to Perrin’s and got a pregnancy test. When it turned out positive, I almost fainted. It was so fast, the sex I mean. I couldn’t believe I could get pregnant from that. So I got two more tests and they turned out positive, too.
“I was scared and felt sick all the time, but I didn’t want to tell anyone what was going on. I thought I’d wait till school got out and then go to California to visit Grandpa. I wanted to have the baby out there, and maybe put it up for adoption, or keep it. I wasn’t sure.”
“Sarah, I just wish you had told me,” Sally said, weeping softly as she clutched her daughter’s warm, moist hand. “We could’ve worked through all this together. I would have supported whatever you wanted. You didn’t have to go through this alone.”
“I wanted to tell Austin first,” Sarah murmured, shaking her head. “I wanted to see what he thought, if he wanted to keep the baby or not. But then Ryan told me the cops wanted to talk to him about the robbery. I called him to let him know. He seemed so scared, so I thought I’d wait a little longer. But when he called to say he was going to Leadville, I panicked and told him and begged him to take me with him. He wouldn’t have let me go if I wasn’t pregnant.
“He seemed happy about the baby. But I didn’t know how we were going to take care of it. I just wanted to be with him. I couldn’t see staying in Denver, or going through the pregnancy without him. He was my best friend.
“And now there’s no pregnancy,” she said, turning away, bursting into tears. “Austin’s gone, and so is the baby. If only he had lived. If only the car didn’t stall and we could’ve gotten through the tunnel and made it to Leadville. Austin, me, and the baby.
“But now there’s nothing,” she went on between sobs. “No Austin, no baby. I’m recovering and remembering things little by little, but it hurts so much I almost wish I had amnesia again.”
Sally patted her hand.
“Honey, please don’t say that,” she said, turning her head towards her. “We’re all sad that Austin’s gone and that the baby didn’t make it, but you’re going to be fine. You’re going to make a full recovery and go home soon. You’ll be happy again, I promise. That’s what Austin would have wanted. And Daddy, Ryan, and I are all here to help you any way we can. You’re not alone.”
She nodded and lay back, resting her bandaged head on a stack of pillows. But she still seemed so sad and beaten down. Sally had never seen that look in Sarah’s eyes. She was scared that her beautiful 16-year-old daughter had been given a crash course in tragedy, and that she might be permanently scarred by it.
Finally, after a full ten days in Gage, Sally rented a car and drove Sarah home. The weather was milder now, and some of the snow had melted off. The aspens were shaking away their winter coat and beginning to thrive again. It was almost like spring. The warmth of better days lay ahead.

* * * * Chapter 12 * * * *
Back in Denver, Sarah was happy to be reunited with her father and brother. Mike and Sally were grateful, too. With the accident behind them, and Sarah getting stronger every day, they were content and getting along well.
But it was hard to return to any semblance of normalcy after the double tragedies in the tunnel. When Sally went back to work, she found it hard to concentrate. Sarah was in no shape to return to school either, so a friend of Mike and Sally’s tutored her the rest of that year. It was more than the condition of her brain; Mike and Sally were worried about what the other kids would say. The story had been all over the news. It was difficult to get away from it when the whole town seemed to know.
Meanwhile, across the street, Dave was still dealing with fall-out from the robbery and Austin’s desperate run to Gage. Paul Perrin demanded that he pay for repairs on the Subaru, and he also wanted reimbursement for the prescriptions Austin had stolen. It seemed unduly harsh and unreasonable under the circumstances, but there was nothing Dave could do. He ended up paying out several thousand dollars. Needless to say, his friendship with Paul Perrin was over, and so was Mike’s. Also, the insurance company had been informed by the Denver police that they strongly suspected Austin was in on the Marigold robbery. As a result, they were taking a second look at Dave’s claim and challenging it. Bottom line: it seemed unlikely that he would be reimbursed for the $6,000 taken.
Between Paul Perrin and the insurance company, the going was tough for Dave. At least his parents were still staying with him, and Mike and Sally helped in any way they could. Once a week, he ambled over to their house for dinner, and the three often had coffee at the Dawsons’ cozy, well-worn kitchen table.
Dave was having a terrible time adjusting to Austin’s death because he had so many regrets about the way their relationship had deteriorated in the end. He also regretted his combative final months with Tricia. That was the hardest part for him, that things had gotten so bad before both of them died. There was a lot of guilt. Peace of mind was a luxury Dave rarely experienced during those tragic, turbulent days.
With the support of his parents, Dave held a memorial service for Austin in March 2014. Sarah wanted to be there, but Mike and Sally felt strongly that she wasn’t well enough to handle the stress. She fought them on it, but finally relented and agreed to stay home.
The day of the memorial, Sally somehow dragged herself out of bed, took a shower, and got dressed. Later that morning, flanked by her tall, dark-haired husband and son, both clad in black suits, she trudged into Good Shepherd Church. Her size-12 charcoal-gray suit hung loosely on her slender, five-foot-six frame. On her wrist, Tricia’s triple-strand pearl bracelet gleamed. Turning the silky pearls over and over between her fingers, she fidgeted with them nervously on the way to the service.
It was a picture-perfect winter morning in Colorado. Brilliant sunlight streamed down across snow-capped foothills, and the imposing front range of the Rockies was aglow with a golden hue. An appropriate day for a memorial mass that would be a final tribute to Austin.
His service was mournful and sad, just like Tricia’s had been, but it was also calmer and more dignified. Standing in the pew beside Mike, Sally couldn’t help remembering the awful scene at Tricia’s memorial, just two years before, when a drunk, disheveled Austin had lumbered into this very church and started yelling obscenities at Dave as he spoke lovingly about how much Tricia had meant to him. Austin verbally attacked his father over the Kayley affair, as everyone in the church looked on in stunned silence.
The whole scene had been very humiliating for Dave. Plus he was furious. He and his six-foot son exchanged blows right there in the church, with Dave throwing the first punch. Everyone was aghast at the spectacle of father and son duking it out in the aisle of serene, stolid Good Shepherd. Mike and Ryan finally broke it up. Then Austin tore out of the church, jumped in his Jeep, and zoomed away.
Sally was alarmed by his meltdown that day, but on the other hand she couldn’t help wondering if maybe he was right. Was Dave to blame for Tricia’s death? Or was Austin simply an overwrought teenager who couldn’t cope with his mom’s sudden death, and needed someone to blame?
Sally thought about it a lot. If Dave hadn’t had the affair with Kayley, would Tricia still be alive? And now, what about Austin? Would he still be alive, too? Who knew? It was all hypothetical at that point.
After Ryan gave a short, moving eulogy for his dead best friend, other friends and family members spoke. Then the urn containing Austin’s ashes was placed in a vault near Tricia’s at Timberline Cemetery.
Vases of flowers, mostly red roses and white daisies, were stacked in front of the marble door to the vault. It was hard to believe everyone was saying goodbye to Austin less than two years after Tricia’s death.
After the emotional memorial, Dave hosted a low-key buffet-lunch at Marigold. The smiles were tight and tense, the handshakes moist and limp. Everyone was sniffling, with wads of tissue tucked in their palms. Many had heard about the accident on the news and wanted to know more, but they were too polite to ask, and Dave, Mike, and Sally were too broken up to provide details.
Dave was devastated by his 17-year-old son’s death, and the downward spiral that had preceded it. He confided to Mike and Sally that it never would have happened if Tricia had still been alive. That Austin wouldn’t have gone off the deep end if he wasn’t lost and grieving for his mom. Mike and Sally agreed. Sally said nothing of course, but she also felt strongly that Dave’s adulterous affair with Kayley had been the beginning of the end for both his wife and son.
In the parking lot at Marigold, as everyone strode to their car, Dave mentioned that the cops had made four arrests in the Marigold robbery, and they were now certain that Austin had been involved. That was the most shocking thing in this whole sad saga, how Dave and Austin had turned against each other in their grief, and what it had done to both of them.

* * * * Chapter 13 * * * *
A month after Austin’s death, an enraged, grief-stricken Dave somehow got ahold of a home number for Joe Daggett. He vowed to Mike and Sally that he would call him and face him down. It’s something he had wanted to do since Tricia’s death, but his lawyer and the cops had always advised against it.
Tough, Dave thought. That was then, this is now. It had been two years since Tricia had died, and he would do whatever the hell he wanted.
One night in March 2014, after hours of sporadic drinking and multiple attempts, Dave finally reached the playboy-professor at his home in Evanston.
In a series of terse exchanges and vehement denials, Daggett insisted he’d had no involvement in Tricia’s death, or life, for that matter, casting himself as a minor player with no agenda, or reason, to lead her on.
“Look, Mr. Wyatt,” he told Dave bluntly. “I’m sure your wife was a lovely woman with many wonderful qualities, but this all happened two years ago. Her death is tragic, but I barely knew her. We were casual acquaintances on Facebook who e-mailed each other once in a while on professional matters. But that’s it.”
Then his voice lowered.
“I’m sure you’re angry and frustrated about her unfortunate death, but I’m warning you, don’t take it out on me. I have a wife and three kids, and I’m a tenured professor at Northwestern with a professional reputation to protect. If you persist in calling me, I’ll press charges for harassment.”
Joe’s words, and the smugness of his tone, only infuriated Dave more.
“And I’ll press charges against you for fraud, indecency, involuntary manslaughter, or worse, you Internet degenerate, you pathetic piece of Cyber scum!” he yelled defiantly.
It got worse.
Between staccato bursts of angry exchanges and legal threats, Dave hurled hate-filled accusations at Daggett, who pushed them aside with equal fury and warnings.
“You weren’t thinking about your wife and kids, or your professional reputation, when you were writing steamy e-mails to my wife at three in the morning, or sending nude photos and having Internet sex with her, were you?” Dave shouted.
“I’ve seen the hundreds of messages you sent. You’re a sick bastard, a user, a manipulator. You fed her a bunch of lies about love and talked her into meeting you in Vegas. Then you backed out at the last minute and sent a stand-in to finish the job, a stunt-stud to take her down sexually. She paid for your lurid little games with her life. Do you hear me, you sick bastard? She paid with her life!”
The Chicagoan remained icy and adamant. He would acknowledge only a casual friendship with Tricia that went no further. When Dave again brought up the e-mails and nude photos, Daggett offered a flimsy explanation that infuriated him even more.
“Perhaps someone hacked into your wife’s e-mail account and wrote bogus messages in my name,” Daggett suggested condescendingly. “And the nude photos? I know nothing about those either. It could have been some juvenile Photoshop scam, my head pasted on someone else’s body, perpetrated by a tech major with an axe to grind over a bad grade. I have no idea.
“As for Internet sex,” he went on coyly, “I’m a happily married man. I have no experience with that sort of thing. You’ll have to contact Metro in Vegas for further information.”
“I’ve talked to the goddam Metro cops,” Dave raged back. “But they’ll only tell me so much. It’s been two years and they’ve come up with zilch. I want the truth, dammit. I need answers, you depraved bastard, and you’re the one who has them!”
Joe’s responses continued to be smooth. He avoided any direct comment, and, instead, offered a smattering of sympathy. Then he told Dave he had nothing further to say, muttered goodbye, and abruptly hung up.
Dave was furious.
“If I ever run into that cocky, conceited son of a bitch, I’ll kick his ass,” he vowed to Mike. “He’ll never look at another woman again!”
What drove Dave crazy with rage was Joe’s falling in love with Tricia on the Internet, or pretending to, talking her into meeting him in Vegas, and then calling in a substitute. Like she was some common whore, some fallen woman who would be with anyone.
When Dave spoke to Joe, he had brought up his “lowlife accomplice,” Al Posey. But Joe wouldn’t say much and again referred him to Metro.
Dave was outraged. In his frenzy he wanted to confront Posey, too, but he was unable to get a home number. The day after he talked to Daggett, however, a Saturday, he managed to track Posey down just before a poker-dealing seminar at the Silver Dollar Gaming Institute in Vegas, where Posey was an instructor. It was another brief, jaw-dropping exchange. He had obviously been warned by Daggett.
“Look, uh, Dave,” Al said, flustered and rushed, “my deepest sympathies on your loss, but at the advice of my lawyer and Metro, I can’t discuss the incident with your wife two years ago.”
Dave blew up.
“You call it an incident, you asshole,” he bellowed, “when you prey on an innocent woman, use her for sex, and she ends up dying? You call it an incident when you walk out on a dead woman in a hotel room without telling anyone, like she’s some disposable plaything you no longer want? I don’t call that an incident, I call it a tragedy. I call it a crime. We’ll let the courts decide in the civil and criminal lawsuits I’m working up against you!”
“Hey, buddy, calm down,” Al barked. “Like I said, my lawyer and the cops told me not to talk to anyone about this case, and to refer all calls to Metro.”
“You sleazy son-of-a-bitch,” Dave yelled. “Don’t give me that Metro bullshit! What did you do to my wife? Tell me right now. Did you put something in her drink? Did you force yourself on her? You must have. That’s the only way she would let scum like you in her room. You’re not going to walk away from this scot-free, you slimy bastard. Payback is coming!”
The line went dead.
White hot with fury, Dave frantically tried to get Posey back, but nobody picked up at Silver Dollar.
And so it went with the phone calls. A drunk Dave was able to vent his rage and let off some steam, but he basically got nowhere. Two years had passed since Tricia’s death. Though Joe and Al had both been classified as “persons of interest” by the cops, it had all come to nothing. They had beaten the rap. But not on Dave’s scorecard. He was still hellbent on avenging his wife’s death.

* * * * Chapter 14 * * * *
Sometime during that dreary spring of 2014, on a long, lonely Saturday evening, their old date night with Dave and Tricia, Sally turned to her husband in desperation.
“Maybe we should play matchmaker and set Dave up?” she suggested. “We must know someone he would find attractive. It would have to be a girl we both like. That way, the four of us can do things together, like we used to with Dave and Tricia.”
“I don’t think this is the right time,” Mike countered, shaking his head. “Dave’s life’s a mess. Maybe he needs to be alone for a while to work through his issues.”
“Good point,” Sally agreed, “but even with all his problems, Dave’s still a catch. He’s a nice, smart, financially secure widower, and comes from a good family. He’s also very attractive.”
Mike had never noticed, but Sally was right about Dave’s looks. He was about six-foot-two, with a medium build, sandy-brown hair, blue eyes, and a nice smile. Women checked him out all the time, before Tricia died and after, and plenty of them were interested. Some even asked if they could be fixed up with Dave.
Mike and Sally had always said no, of course, when Tricia was alive. And now that she was dead, they were still saying “no” because they didn’t think Dave was ready. But with Tricia and Austin both gone, things had gone from bad to worse, and all that had changed. Sally wanted to throw their good friend and neighbor a lifeline before he slipped into a state of permanent despondency. And she really did long to be part of a fun foursome again. Fixing Dave up seemed a no-brainer at that point.
Lounging in the living room with cups of coffee and a legal pad one night after dinner, the Dawsons came up with a list of single women Dave might be interested in.
They finally settled on Sally’s pretty, perky hairdresser, Roxanne Sanders, who’d had a crush on Dave for years. But that idea went nowhere fast when they had them both over for dinner, and Dave barely said a word to her all night. Sally hated to say it, but she strongly suspected Roxanne bored him.
Undaunted, Mike and Sally gave it another try a few weeks later, this time with Stella Reed, a sultry lab technician who worked with Mike. She was a striking redhead, in her early 30s, about 5’6”, with a thin but shapely body, green eyes, and pale skin. Sally had met her a few times at parties and she seemed friendly and attractive. According to Mike, she’d gotten divorced recently and had won custody of her two small sons from her ex, a cardiologist now living in Cleveland.
Dave and Stella were both invited to dinner at the Dawsons’, and sparks were soon flying. Arriving at seven with a bottle of wine tucked under his arm, Dave looked better than he had in ages. His hair was longer and more styled, his eyes clearer—he’d finally gotten some sleep—and his skin lightly tanned. His clothes were nerdy but sexy: tweed jacket, jeans, and a pale-blue, button-down shirt.
Stella, alluring in a short, low-cut black silk dress that revealed ample cleavage, waltzed in a half-hour later. In her hands was a vibrant bouquet of yellow tulips and roses from a local florist.
Dave and Stella got along great from the get-go. Before dinner, they strolled around the Dawsons’ garden, admiring the peonies, tulips, and columbine. And they were both into all kinds of music. After rifling through a tall stack of CDs, they finally settled on Elvis Costello’s Duets and some classic Sinatra.
It seemed to go well. Over Colorado rack of lamb, Potatoes au Gratin, and green beans almondine, the foursome discussed local politics, the winter art festival in Santa Fe, and wine-tasting parties in Aspen. Dave actually made an effort to be amusing and entertaining, as he sipped Merlot and poured refills for everyone.
A few days later, Dave called the vivacious redhead and asked her out. That first dinner was a big success; they ended up dating casually all that summer. Some of their outings even included Stella’s six and four-year old sons, both of whom Dave really liked. By Labor Day, they were anxious to take their relationship to the next level, so the couple planned a romantic weekend at a rustic cabin in Estes Park, where they would hike, check out the wildlife, and relax. Dave and Stella were both excited about the three-day getaway, but then, at the last minute, the babysitting snafu from hell blew their plans apart.
Stella’s regular sitter was able to make it Saturday and Sunday, but not Friday night, so she called in a sub to take her place. Turns out the 16-year-old replacement had all the right references, but the wrong attitude. The minute Stella’s boys were tucked in, she threw a little party that somehow mushroomed into a big, noisy blow-out. Before anyone knew it, there were 30 kids swarming over Stella’s modest Park Hill bungalow. Drugs and alcohol were rampant, and there were underage teens. One of Stella’s neighbors called the police.
Around midnight, as Dave and Stella were getting cozy in their cabin, they got a jarring phone call from the cops in Denver and had to hurry home.
Stella was devastated that the police had been to her house and busted underage teens. Her kids were fine, but when her ex-husband, the doctor in Ohio, heard about the incident, he got his lawyers cranked up and re-opened the custody case. It didn’t take long for him to win full custody of the boys, who were promptly moved to Cleveland to live with him. Mike said it was a case of his having more money to hire the better lawyers.
Stella lapsed into a terrible depression after she lost her kids. There were even rumors that she was drinking and taking drugs. She became more and more unreliable at work, and would have been fired if Mike hadn’t put in a good word.
The dishy redhead’s relationship with Dave also took a hit. Putting it bluntly, she dumped him. The weekend trip had been his idea, so she blamed him for everything. That seemed irrational, unfair, and just plain wrong, but there you have it.
It was an especially cruel blow for Dave, who’d already been through so much. He tried calling Stella a few times, but she made it clear she didn’t want to see him.
Instead, she turned her attention to Mike, of all people.
At first, Sally didn’t think anything of it. She knew Stella was troubled and lonely, and Mike and she had worked together for years and were friends. But suddenly everything escalated. Stella would call him late at night, “just to talk.” Or there’d be a flurry of e-mails from her, first thing in the morning. Or she needed him to pick up something at the drug or grocery store. It seemed like she was using any excuse to get him to come over.
Sally finally had to put her foot down and demand that Mike stop seeing her. But that just created more drama.
“Stella needs help, I’m her friend. We work together. It’s nothing sexual. Why do I have to stop seeing her because of your insecurities?” Mike yelled at his wife on more than one occasion.
“How can you be so naïve?” Sally would shriek back. “Stella could be involved with Dave, or any other single guy she wanted. But she doesn’t want them. She wants you. You may not be having sex with her, but she has you wrapped around her little finger. She says jump and you say, how high?”
On and on it went. Sally listened to Mike’s denials, but it made no difference. She still wanted him to stop seeing Stella. And Mike listened to every word Sally said, but it made no difference. He continued taking Stella to lunch and dinner and being her errand boy. This went on all through the fall and winter of 2014.
As if the Dawsons weren’t having enough problems, out of the blue another event occurred that ratcheted up the tension even more.
One afternoon that fall, Mike stopped by Sally’s office to pick her up for a rare lunch date. Prominently displayed on a bulletin board in the reception area was a gallery of photos of babies born to Dr. Prater’s patients. Sure enough, there was one of little Jonathan Corbett, Kayley Corbett’s son, that had been sent from Cheyenne, where she and her husband had moved recently.
Mike immediately zeroed in on it. He had been around Austin when he was a baby and noticed that this kid looked a lot like him. So he wandered over to the receptionist and asked whose child it was. She told him it was Kayley’s son.
Right away, Mike was suspicious. He knew the Corbetts had a history of fertility issues. Kayley was a patient of Dr. Prater’s, and Sally had mentioned it a few times. Also, Kayley’s husband, Chuck, was dark-skinned, with curly black hair and brown eyes, and Kayley had dark brown hair and blue eyes. But there on the wall was little Jonathan with golden-blond locks, blue eyes, and a long, slim face like Dave’s. Mike put two and two together and suggested to Sally that they tell Dave he might have another son.
Sally was against it. She felt that Jonathan, who was two at the time, had a mother and father who loved him, and he should stay with them. Mike strongly disagreed and felt this could be the good news that Dave so desperately needed.
Sally pleaded with Mike to not tell Dave because she sensed it would end badly. How could it not when Kayley’s husband, Chuck Corbett, despised Dave? After he learned of the affair between him and his wife, he had reacted violently. Sally knew this because she had been there when everyone found out what had been going on between Dave and Kayley.
It was a rainy night in September 2011. Tricia and Sally had just had dinner with their husbands at Marigold. It was a typical, laid-back, Friday-night get-together for four tired friends who’d put in a rough week. Kayley, who worked as a hostess at Marigold, wasn’t on duty that night.
Around one AM, the rain finally stopped, and the two couples were walking to their cars in the parking lot. Mike and Sally were right behind Dave and Tricia. Suddenly, from out of nowhere, a white pick-up truck came barreling across the asphalt and nearly hit Dave. It was really close. Tricia and Sally screamed and grabbed each other. Dave ducked out of the way as the truck backed up and aimed for him again. Then, halfway across the parking lot, the maniac behind the wheel slammed on the brakes, skidding to a screeching halt, and leapt out of the cab.
Running towards the two couples like a charging bull was Chuck Corbett, Kayley’s big, brawny, very drunk husband. He had on an orange Broncos’ cap, jeans, and a ragged black tee shirt with the sleeves cut off. His ham hock arms were a maze of tattoos. You could smell the booze a mile away.
He was in Dave’s face lickety-split, grabbing him by the shirt and yelling, “I know all about you and my wife. The two of you have been screwing around for months. It ends right here, right now, do you hear me, dickhead? Stay away from my wife!”
Everyone just stood there, stunned, frozen in their tracks by this raging lunatic suddenly crashing into their lives.
“You’ll never see her again,” Chuck bellowed, foaming at the mouth. “She’s getting another job. Don’t ever try to call her or I’ll kick your ass from here to Kansas!” Then he punched Dave in the chest and smacked his head a couple of times. Dave tried to hit back, but Chuck was too fast. His final blow to the gut was so powerful it sent Dave ricocheting off a nearby car. He landed flat on his back on the wet ground.
Tricia screamed and ran to him. Mike barged in and unleashed a punch at Chuck, but Chuck blocked it easily and pounded him hard in the ribs. Gripping his sides in agony, Mike dropped to his knees and Sally went down with him. A moment later Sally looked up and saw Chuck standing in the door of his truck brandishing a heavy monkey wrench. Turning and glaring at Dave, he barked one last warning, “Stay away from Kayley or I’ll kill you!” Then he piled in the truck, floored it, and blasted out of the parking lot.
Dave struggled to sit up. Groaning in pain, he slowly rubbed his cheek and mouth while checking his hand for blood. His light brown hair was sticking up in clumps, his nose bleeding. There were streaks of blood on his shirt. His right eye was red and starting to swell. He grimaced as he tried to get to his feet with Tricia’s help. When he finally could stand all the way up, he doubled over in pain. Tricia reached in her purse and fumbled frantically for tissues. Dave pressed a wad to his nose, but it was quickly soaked with blood.
Hovering over her husband, Tricia begged him to call the cops and go to the hospital. But Dave shook his head and grunted, “No cops, no hospital. I’m fine. Let’s just forget this ever happened. Chuck’s a fucking idiot. I don’t know what the hell he’s talking about.”
As Sally pulled Mike’s shirt up and rubbed his bruised ribs, Tricia shrieked at Dave, “Why won’t you call the cops? Chuck Corbett just assaulted you and tried to hit you with a truck – twice. Why won’t you call the cops, or go to the hospital? Something could be broken. You could be bleeding internally or need stitches.”
“No!” Dave snarled, rubbing his right eye and shaking his head. “I don’t want the goddamn cops or the hospital. Just leave it alone.”
Staring hard at her husband, Tricia asked, “Why?” in a desperate, agitated tone.
“Is what he said true? Are you having an affair with Kayley? Is that why you won’t do anything? Have you been messing around with her?”
“No!” Dave yelled, glaring at her. “That guy’s out of his fucking mind, a psycho. I never laid a hand on her. It’s not true! Just forget this ever happened, okay?”
But none of them were about to forget it. And of course it turned out to be true. That night when Tricia and Dave got home, she finally dragged it out of him. Dave and Kayley had been having an affair for six months. She was 30, stacked, and beauty-queen material.
Early the next morning, Tricia stumbled into Sally’s kitchen for coffee. Sally would never forget it. Her bestie was dressed in a battered gray sweat suit and looking very rough. Eyes swollen and bloodshot, skin pale and drawn, hair stringy and unbrushed. Sally had never seen Tricia like that. She was crying and shaking her head and mumbling over and over that she didn’t know how this could happen, how Dave could do this to her.
It was two months after her 50th birthday. The last thing any woman wants to hear after she has just turned 50 is that her husband of 27 years has been having an affair with a pretty, younger woman. Especially when she’s been trying for years to get him to pay more attention to her.
Everyone was shaken. In subsequent days, Mike and Dave spent a lot of time together talking. Sally didn’t know everything that was said, but she knew some of it. Mike told her that for years the marriage had been rough on Dave, that Tricia was moody now that she was getting older, and no longer as affectionate or attentive, that they fought more, and she no longer seemed interested in him sexually.
Sally knew the other side of the story, of course. That Dave was boring and remote, not very affectionate or attentive, and often ignored Tricia, barely speaking to her for days.
Mike and Sally ended up battling over Dave and Tricia. He could understand where Dave was coming from, even though he felt it was wrong. Sally thought it was horrible that Dave was blaming his affair on Tricia.
Bottom line: Dave’s marriage, and Kayley’s also, were on the line. But amazingly, nobody filed for divorce, and life somehow stumbled on for everyone.

* * * * Chapter 15 * * * *
Knowing the turbulent Tricia-Dave-Kayley-Chuck backstory, Sally didn’t want Mike to tell Dave that Kayley’s son might be his. But Mike went ahead anyway. He felt strongly that his friend should be aware of this potentially life-altering development, and had the right to know.
Dave was happy, excited, and very curious when Mike told him he might have another son. He called Kayley in Cheyenne that very day to confirm the news, but Chuck answered the phone. When he realized it was Dave, he hung up. Dave called back and reached Kayley, who flat-out denied that Jonathan was his, and said that Chuck would never agree to a paternity test.
“The three of us are a family,” she told Dave. “Jonathan is the child we’ve waited for all these years. His life with us is peaceful and happy. Leave us alone and get on with your life.”
“I have a right to get to know if he’s my son,” Dave countered. “Is he, Kayley? Did you use me as a sperm donor because Chuck couldn’t have kids, and I was cheaper than fertility treatments? My marriage got torpedoed in the process. If we conceived a son, I’m entitled to have a relationship with him. That boy could be my flesh and blood!”
“Dave, get a grip,” Kayley shouted. “Chuck will never stand for your having anything to do with him. As far as he’s concerned, Jonathan is his, period. If you try to fight this, we will keep you in court for years. Jonathan will get hurt in the crossfire. What will you get out of it, except making everyone, including him, miserable?”
Dave was crushed. After giving it a lot of thought, he didn’t pursue it any further, probably realizing the futility of it. The last thing he wanted was to ruin the boy’s childhood. In his heart of hearts, Dave felt this was the right decision. But it hurt like hell.
When Sally heard how it had all played out, she was angry with Mike for telling Dave. She worried how Dave would handle this latest disappointment. First, there were the family tragedies, then Stella’s put-down, and now baby Jonathan. How much heartbreak could he take?
As for Sally, she was enduring her own share of emotional pain. The many weeks of arguing and unrest had only driven Mike and her further apart. His lunch, dinner, and coffee dates with Stella were becoming longer and more frequent. He called them “casual,” but something was definitely going on.
There were also lengthy, mysterious trips to Home Depot on Sunday afternoons. But the lawn winterizer and furnace filters never seemed to make it to the garage. And why wasn’t Mike at the lab when Sally called there sometimes? She also wondered what kind of work conversations he could possibly be having with Stella at one o’clock on a Saturday morning?
Sally found herself living in a constant state of anxiety. Sometimes the tension would get to her and she would confront Mike with her suspicions. He would deny everything and they would get into terrible fights. It was almost better to keep her mouth shut. But that was agonizing, too.
The poor woman was so worn down by Tricia’s death, everything that had gone on with Austin and Sarah, and now Mike’s relationship with Stella, that she went into a state of denial and tried to pretend Stella didn’t exist.
She was just trying to hang on, hoping that whatever was going on would burn itself out, or that Stella would move to Cleveland to be near her kids. Sally had heard a rumor from one of Dr. Prater’s patients that this was going to happen, sooner or later. For her, it couldn’t be soon enough.
When she wasn’t preoccupied with the Mike-Stella situation, Sally remained concerned about Dave. He was beginning to obsess more and more on the loss of his loves, Tricia and Austin, and those thoughts fueled a growing lust for vengeance.
“If Tricia had been here when the heart problem came on, one of us would have been with her and gotten her to a hospital. There’s a good chance she’d still be alive,” Dave told Mike and Sally over and over.
“Instead she was in Vegas with those two animals pushing her buttons, and she ended up dying. Daggett lured her there, and Posey walked out when she needed medical help. Those are the two big reasons she’s no longer with us.”
Destroying the lives of these two scoundrels was fast becoming the most important thing in Dave’s world, the reason he got out of bed in the morning. But he didn’t quite know how to go about it. Finding out more about Joe and Al seemed a good place to start. Through Mike, Dave got the phone number of Wayne Tuttle, a private detective in Reno. This old friend of the Dawson family had played a major role in some of its more colorful marital bust-ups.
Wayne was a real character, just the guy to dig up dirt on Joe and Al.
Sally had met him a few times, and he had made quite an impression. The short, bald, chubby private eye dressed in camp shirts, vests, baggy jeans, and suspenders. He was quirky, sharp, fast, and cheap. Wayne specialized in all things domestic, from tailing cheating spouses and pre-marital screenings, to harassment cases and background checks.
Within a week of Dave’s call, he had dredged up a flurry of juicy tidbits on the “playboy-professor,” his nickname for Joe Daggett, thanks to staff bios at Northwestern, confidential web sites and databases, and old newspaper clips.
Joe’s father, a bellman at a swanky old hotel in Chicago called the Lake Shore Vista, had been a part-time courier for the Mafia. He ended up doing time at a prison in Joliet. His mother, a hardworking seamstress, had no idea her husband was involved with the Mob, and struggled to support her two sons after her husband was sent to the Big House.
The younger of her two boys, Joe, had been born in 1960 just like Al Posey. Joe was a good student and a gifted athlete who won an academic scholarship to the University of Wisconsin. From what Wayne could piece together, Joe’s weakness wasn’t drugs, alcohol, or partying. It was women. And from what Wayne told Dave, there were many. Joe had affairs with a few of the more attractive daughters -– and sometimes even wives -– of his professors, and was named a co-respondent in at least two high-profile divorces. It was racy stuff for Madison, Wisconsin in the early 80s, and got plenty of ink in the local papers.
Digging deeper into Joe’s college days, Wayne learned that his girlfriend had become pregnant during her sophomore year and died tragically after an illegal abortion in Indiana. The girl’s family blamed Joe for arranging the procedure with a doctor who wasn’t reputable, or even licensed. They tried to have charges brought against Joe, but somehow he walked away scot-free.
Despite the plethora of personal problems brought on by Joe’s insatiable lust for women, he loved college life and went on to get a master’s degree at Northwestern. There he caught the attention of a prominent professor in the literature department. He was soon dating the professor’s lovely, young debutante-daughter.
After he graduated in 1984, Joe married Pam Prideaux in a lavish ceremony at the Evanston Country Club that was covered by all the Chicago papers. Within 10 years, they had three tow-headed little boys, and Joe had become a tenured professor in Northwestern’s Lit department, now headed by his father-in-law.
Things had been pretty rosy for Joe since then, but Wayne suspected there were affairs and lurid incidents with students and other professors. Wayne told Dave that Joe maintained an extensive network of Internet connections with women all over the world, but he couldn’t find any hard evidence that he’d actually had affairs with any of them.
Bottom line: there was nothing concrete to pin on the playboy professor. Lots of whispers and innuendos, but nothing specific. Wayne called him a “classic Teflon guy,” but he was convinced there was a smoking-gun somewhere and told Dave to stay tuned.
For background information on Al, Wayne turned to the same confidential databases and public records. And luckily, he also tapped a highly reliable source at the Tropicana casino in Las Vegas, an old friend and long-time pit boss who provided the lowdown on Al’s revolving-door personal life.
Al, dubbed the “pinch-hitter” by Wayne for obvious reasons, grew up with Joe on Chicago’s rough-and-tumble North Side. The boys lived within blocks of each other and went to the same schools. At first glance, they seemed to have little in common, but their parents all knew each other, and as teenagers they worked at the same record store. Al’s parents took Joe under their wing when his father went to prison and his mother was struggling financially.
Al wasn’t an outstanding student like Joe, but he was popular and a good athlete. After he graduated from high school in 1978, he got a job at a sporting goods store near Wrigley Field, where he soon became involved in sports betting.
At 20, he married the first of his three wives. Six months later, the couple had a baby boy. The tot wasn’t even a year old when Al high-tailed it to Vegas for the funeral of an uncle. He never came back. Not only did he not want the responsibilities of a wife and baby, but he owed a lot of money on bad sports bets.
A few months after he left Chicago, a fire broke out in the apartment his wife lived in with their son. She survived, with extensive injuries, but the baby died. The papers said the cause of the fire was a water heater explosion, but rumors swirled for years that it was retribution for Al’s sports-betting debts.
In Vegas, Al managed to snag a job in the cashier cage at the Stardust. He also landed work in security and eventually became a blackjack dealer. In his off-hours, he gambled heavily and always lived beyond his means.
By the late 1990s, Al was working as a blackjack dealer, and later as a casino manager, at Tropicana. He had also walked down the aisle again. Wife number two was a showgirl in Tropicana’s lavish cabaret show, Folies Bergere. The ink on the marriage license was barely dry when she quit her job to start a family.
Within a few years, two kids came along. The couple seemed to have it all, until Mrs. Posey found out her husband was cheating on her with a back-up singer in a Tropicana lounge act. She promptly dumped him. After a quickie divorce, she moved to Texas with their two kids. Al was chronically late with child support and alimony payments. His ex had to haul him into court a few times to get her fair share.
In 2000, Al scored a position as a gaming instructor at the Silver Dollar Gaming Institute on Flamingo Road. He had also met his third and current wife, Cindy, dubbed “Snow White” by Wayne because of her pristine background. She was a stunning blond from Fargo, and, just like wife number two, a showgirl in Folies Bergere. When they tied the knot in 2007, Al was 47, and Cindy, who had moved on up to Jubilee!, the splashy cabaret revue at Bally’s, was 24.
Al and Joe remained close over the years. When Al settled in Vegas in the early 80s, Joe started coming out every year to visit. He loved Vegas, where Al introduced him to a seemingly endless supply of shapely cocktail waitresses and showgirls. Gambling didn’t interest Joe, but he loved the women and the partying. The trips were his escape from the straitjacket of responsibilities back in Evanston, the well-heeled Chicago suburb where he lived and worked.
Al and Joe, who were the same age, were like brothers. There was a mutual admiration. Al was impressed with all Joe had achieved in the academic world, and Joe envied Al’s anything-goes, party-animal lifestyle in Sin City. Everything must have seemed cool and under control, you know, “What Happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas.” And, then, along came Tricia.

* * * * Chapter 16 * * * *
Dave paid close attention to Wayne’s reports on Joe and Al. Over home-cooked dinners at Mike and Sally’s, he shared all the details. It enraged him that his own wife had died, and Joe and Al were both still living their lives as if nothing happened. Both were still married, with kids, while he was wifeless, childless, and miserable.
In his heart of hearts, Dave was convinced that both Joe and Al should lose their families, just like he had. Fueling his anger were the e-mails Joe and Tricia had written to each other in the six months before she died. When Dave went to Sin City to identify her body and retrieve her things, he had discovered them on her computer. He was shattered by his wife’s steamy involvement with another man and her subsequent death, which was ruled from natural causes by the coroner in Vegas.
Apparently, Tricia had a heart condition called an aortic dissection that killed her at some point while she was in bed with Al that second night, or possibly the next morning, before or after he left. Another complicating factor: Tricia had been adopted and had no idea she had inherited this potentially fatal heart condition.
By the spring of 2015, Dave had heard enough from Wayne on Joe and Al. After paying off the quirky, folksy detective, he decided the time had come to act out his revenge fantasies.
For Joe, no amount of suffering could be enough. Dave confided to Mike some of the ways he could inflict pain on the playboy professor. A staged accident, maybe, like pushing him onto the Chicago “L” tracks in front of a speeding train. Or perhaps a vial of poison in his on-campus lunch, or a chance encounter with a vicious mugger on a dark street.
When Mike told Sally that Dave was thinking like this, she was alarmed and made him promise to try and talk some sense into him before he did something he would regret for the rest of his life. Mike finally got through to Dave that if he was going to inflict pain on Joe and Al, he would have to do it in a way that was legal. In other words, come up with something that, however dirty and out-of-bounds, he could never be prosecuted for.
Heeding this advice, Dave eventually devised a plan that he hoped would permanently break up Joe’s family. He knew how much Tricia had suffered over his affair with Kayley, and that it had led her to Joe, so he decided that Joe’s wife and marriage should also suffer. He would tear the family apart by revealing to his wife the adulterous ways of her husband. And so, Pam Daggett would be Dave’s first target. She was the link he would break to sow the seeds of suspicion and destruction that would ultimately lead to divorce.
Dave had done some nosing around on the Internet and discovered that Pam also worked at Northwestern, in the registrar’s office, across campus from the English Department and her cheating husband. How convenient. A lucky stroke for Dave. And now for the airline tickets.

* * * * Chapter 17 * * * *
Anniversaries of deaths are tricky. You try to not think about them, but that only makes you think about them more. And you don’t know if you should talk about them. It seems sort of morbid to go there, to dredge all that up again. But you can’t help it. It’s there. You know it. They know it. Everybody knows it.
It always stuck in Sally’s mind that Austin made his sad, desperate pilgrimage to Vegas one year after his mom died. And now, anniversary number three was right around the corner, and Dave was planning a trip to Chicago to meet with Pam Daggett.
On a mild May morning in 2015, he flew to the Windy City armed with a couple dozen photo-CDs and printed copies of some of the hundreds of e-mails that Joe and Tricia had written to each other. Dredging up this cache of hot photos and sizzling love notes was no problem since they were all easily accessible on Tricia’s computer. Neat and organized as she was, she had even bundled them into folders that looked like recipe files on her desktop.
When Dave mentioned this to Sally, a fresh pang of grief sliced through her. How clever, how witty, how poignant, she thought.
A folder with photos of Joe posing nude, his bulging manhood on full display like a cocky rooster’s in a cyber-barnyard, was labeled, “hot meats and sausages.” There had also been nude images of Tricia, but in a fit of jealousy and rage, Dave had deleted them when her computer got back to Denver.
Another folder containing romantic, flowery e-mails bursting with compliments about how beautiful, smart, and sexy Tricia was, and how crazy Joe was about her, was named “sweet treats.” Some flirty, early messages brimming with romantic literary allusions were stored in “vegetable sides.” And “hot and spicy appetizers” contained scores of lusty, lascivious e-mails.
Dave was stunned and hurt by the passionate electronic exchanges between his wife and this Internet stranger she had turned to for comfort and carnal-romantic attention. He could see how much they wanted each other, how deeply connected they were. He wanted to cry, throttle something, punch someone, find a way to make the pain stop.
“It’s bad enough,” he told Mike and Sally one day over coffee at their kitchen table, “that she went ahead and had this Internet affair. But three years later, I can actually sit in my house at two in the morning and read their words to each other over and over. Words exactly like the ones she said to me, in bed and out. And then I can smell her, taste her, and feel her all over me. It’s torture, but I can’t stop myself. It’s all I have. Thank God there’s no gun in the house.”
It was one of those rare, incredibly private things someone says without realizing how much they’re revealing. Across the table, Sally gulped, reached for Dave’s hand, and gave it a squeeze.
Tricia’s “recipe folders” tormented Dave and made his blood boil for revenge. Stored in them were hundreds of notes chronicling his wife’s descent down a destructive path of deception and infidelity. Printed copies of at least 100 e-mails between Tricia and Joe, plus CDs that had been burned with lewd images of the playboy-professor, were packed in Dave’s briefcase the morning he left for Chicago.
This mountain of love notes and X-rated photos wasn’t all Dave was taking to the Windy City. Sally was also going along for the ride. Mike was originally supposed to tag along as Dave’s “chaperone,” but a couple of days before the trip, an important, last-minute rush job came into the lab, making it impossible for him to leave. So he called Sally on a moment’s notice at her office.
At first she said no, that she couldn’t get away either. But then she realized she had some personal time coming, and the idea of getting out of town for a few days, even for a bizarre revenge-mission to Chicago, was somewhat appealing. So the next thing Sally knew, she was throwing some things in a suitcase, and giving Mike instructions on how to heat frozen leftovers in the microwave.
Sally had never gone anywhere alone with Dave, except maybe to Home Depot or the garden store, so at first it seemed odd to be taking an out-of-town trip with him. But by the time they got to the airport, made it through security, and downed their coffee and Egg McMuffins, everything seemed normal and natural.
In a way, Sally was looking forward to the trip. She regretted the circumstances, but she had never been to Chicago. And she really wanted to be there for Dave, to lend moral support, listen if he needed it, and keep him grounded if the tension began to build and he wanted to do something crazy.
This three-day trip was important on many levels. It marked the anniversary of Tricia’s death and affirmed, for Dave, that he wasn’t going to take it lying down. Three years had passed, but the pain was just as fresh. Joe Daggett may have moved on and forgotten about Tricia and her unfortunate death, but everyone who knew her and loved her would never move on, or forget.
On the plane, Dave hoisted his and Sally’s carry-ons into the overhead bin while she settled into a window seat with a Chicago guidebook. As they reached cruising altitude for the two-and-a-half-hour-hour flight, Dave dozed off beside her. While he slept, Sally kept an eye on his briefcase, which was tucked under a seat in front of them, a glaring reminder of the sad, disturbing reason for their trip.
Between catnaps, Dave ordered coffee from the flight attendant. While he sipped, he let Sally know he had set up an appointment with Pam Daggett in the Northwestern Registrar’s Office. Pretending to be “Fred Jackson from Dubuque, Iowa,” he would ask questions about his daughter’s upcoming admission, which wasn’t proceeding very smoothly. Sally and he were both wondering what Mrs. Daggett would be like, this suburban matron whose comfortable life would soon come crashing down around her if Dave had his way.
At Midway Airport, Dave rented a black SUV, checked the map, and drove straight to Evanston, a leafy, upscale suburb just outside the city limits. He and Sally checked into small but comfortable rooms at the Royalton Hyatt, a short walk from the sprawling, verdant Northwestern campus.
From what Sally had read, it was a wealthy school in a moneyed suburb on Lake Michigan, a bookish hamlet of intellectual activity that was a world apart from the festering inner-city rat race in, and around, the Loop. Dave knew the demographics and told Sally the money angle could only help. It would make the break-up of the Daggetts all the more nasty and jarring when it hit.

* * * * Chapter 18 * * * *
The next morning, Dave and Sally had breakfast at a bustling Le Peep on Church Street. A bowl of oatmeal was perched in front of Dave, while Sally nibbled a pancake sandwich.
“That’s what Tricia always got,” he said, shaking his head and smiling wistfully from across the table.
“Yeah, I know,” Sally nodded. “A week before she, uh, went to Vegas, we had breakfast at a Le Peep and then went shopping at the mall. She wanted to buy some dresses for her trip. She seemed really nervous that day, and tried on dozens of things. I never saw her like that before, kind of insecure and anxious. Sorry to bring all this up.”
“It’s okay,” Dave said, tossing his hands up. “We can’t help thinking about Tricia today. I know the dresses you’re talking about,” he went on. “When I went to Vegas after she died, I had to pick her things up at the coroner’s office and bring them back to Denver. Those dresses were in her suitcase. Cheating clothes, I think you call them. Low-cut, tight, and short. I never saw any of them before, and I’ll never see any of them again. They all went to charity on the first truck I could get.”
Sally nodded and took a deep breath. Suddenly losing her appetite, she pushed her food aside. Across the table, on the floor beside Dave’s chair, she caught a glimpse of the briefcase bulging with incriminating e-mails and CDs. Dave seemed nervous but determined to go ahead with his plan to shatter Joe and Pam Daggett’s marriage, even though Sally had her doubts. And then she was taken aback when, out of the blue, he asked her to join him for the meeting with Pam.
“Oh, no, I don’t think so,” Sally murmured, shaking her head. “I’m here to support you, but I don’t want to be at the meeting. Just the thought of it makes me shudder,” she said softly, shaking her head.
“Well, it would help me to have you there for moral support,” Dave said, leaning in. “You don’t have to say anything. Just pretend to be my wife, Mrs. Jackson, from Iowa, and we’ll talk about our make-believe daughter’s admission problems.”
Dave could see he wasn’t getting anywhere.
“Come on, Sally,” he implored, getting in her face. “Aren’t you curious about Pam Daggett? Think of Tricia’s Internet affair with Joe all those months. There must have been others. Who is this woman standing by him?”
Taking a sip of coffee, Sally mulled over Dave’s request.
“Okay, I’ll go with you, but I’ll be a silent, stoic wife. I don’t want to get involved in the discussion.”
“Fine,” Dave agreed. “As long as you’re there with me, it will give me more credibility and make her more willing to talk. That’s what we’re after, a true conversation with her.”
“It will be interesting to see how it all plays out,” Sally said, nodding as Dave finished his oatmeal.
“If things are going well,” he told her, sipping his coffee, “I’ll tell her the real reason we’re there. If things aren’t going well, we can schedule another meeting in a couple of days and hope for better results.”
“Sounds good,” Sally nodded, as they paid the check and ambled out to Church Street.
Dave was calm, but Sally was a bundle of nerves as they arrived at Pam’s office on the Northwestern campus around 11. The 40-something brunette did not disappoint, as she glided regally down a circular staircase and across the sparkling, marble-floored waiting room. She was just what Sally had imagined, a slim, well-dressed woman with an innate sense of breeding and privilege who was working below her level at the moment, but would soon rise to better things. Head of the registrar’s office, perhaps? Or maybe even registrar? Having a husband who was a popular professor, and a father who was head of the English Department, would certainly help.
Lugging his briefcase, Dave and Sally followed Pam into a spacious, wood-paneled office overlooking steel-gray Lake Michigan. The first thing Sally noticed were the dozen or so silver-framed photos of family members lining the credenza behind Pam’s desk. There was a wedding photo of her and Joe smiling radiantly as they posed on the verdant lawn of a country club. Other photos featured Pam with what appeared to be her siblings and parents. And of course, there were some shots of her three golden-haired sons.
The second thing Sally noticed was how attractive Pam was. She wore her glossy, dark-brown hair in a neat, shoulder-length pageboy. Her make-up was subtle. She was dressed simply but elegantly in a burgundy wool suit accessorized with a single strand of cream-colored pearls and expensive, low-heeled black pumps.
After introducing themselves as Mr. and Mrs. Fred Jackson from Dubuque, Dave described their daughter’s admissions’ troubles, stemming from her lost SAT scores and botched paperwork.
Pam was attentive and seemed sympathetic. Fifteen minutes in, as Dave and Sally grew more comfortable sipping the coffee she poured from a stainless steel decanter, Dave dropped the bombshell. They weren’t really poor country folks from the Hawkeye State. He had concocted the whole story to get in her door. They had actually come from Denver because Dave’s wife had had a six-month Internet affair with Pam’s husband in 2012, and the two of them had schemed to meet in Las Vegas.
As Dave delivered the news in a clipped, raspy monotone, Pam’s eyes widened in shock and then narrowed in anger. Visibly shaken, she announced haughtily, “I think you both should leave right now. This meeting is over.”
But Dave held on and managed to spill all the sordid details of Tricia’s death at Bellagio.
Ever so slowly, Pam’s demeanor changed. Her face softened. She gazed into Dave’s pain-filled, sleep-deprived eyes and seemed moved by his intensity and candor. She realized that, on some level, he was telling the truth, or what he thought was the truth.
“That’s quite a story,” she conceded when he finally stopped talking, “although I’m not sure I’m the one you should be telling it to. I’m sorry for your loss, Mr. uh, what did you say your name was?”
“Wyatt,” he replied with a weak smile. “Dave Wyatt. My wife’s name was Tricia, and this is Sally Dawson, our friend and neighbor. We flew in from Denver yesterday. We had to meet you. I made up the story so we could get in. Sorry.”
Staring hard at both of them, Pam touched the side of her brow with her pretty, snow-white hand, and shook her head. Sensing his opening, Dave dove in.
“I wish I didn’t have to ask you this, ma’am, but could you tell us if your husband had, by any chance, planned a trip to Las Vegas in the spring of 2012, right at the time of Tricia’s death?”
She grudgingly replied that he went to Vegas every May to visit an old friend, but that he couldn’t make it that year because of a problem at work. Pam was no fool. She had known all along that something had gone horribly wrong because the Vegas police had called Joe back then with news of a death. But the version of the story Pam had gotten from her husband was a 360-degree turnabout from the actual truth.
After the cops questioned Joe about the dead woman, he had given Pam a wild story about a troubled, unhappily married woman in Denver.
“He said she was a Facebook friend who taught at a community college,” Pam recalled, shaking her head. “Joe told me they were casual acquaintances who chatted mostly about work. But over the months, the woman had become infatuated with him and started stalking him on the Internet. She had been pestering him with desperate, lovelorn e-mails for months, asking him to meet her in Vegas. Joe said her death was from natural causes. She was in a hotel room on the Strip, I think it was the Bellagio. It was a heart issue, I believe.”
Pam said she hadn’t given the incident much thought at the time.
“Joe told me the Vegas cops called because they’d found e-mails from him on her computer. He said the woman was obsessed with him. After he told her he went to Vegas every spring to visit a friend, she went there in May 2012, hoping to meet him. But when he couldn’t make it, she was outraged and started making wild threats about what she might do to herself if Joe didn’t fly out to meet her. Apparently, she was unstable and having marital problems.
“That’s when Joe asked his friend in Las Vegas, Al, to call her and take her to dinner. I don’t really know what happened from there. Unfortunately, the woman died two days after meeting him.”
As Dave and Sally listened to Pam spinning this ludicrous tale, they became more and more upset and enraged.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Daggett,” Dave interrupted. “What you’re saying doesn’t make any sense. You’re telling me that my wife was obsessed with your husband, but he wrote to her and sent photos, too. Where did those come from?”
“How should I know?” Pam replied, tossing her hands up. “Maybe a student hacker is responsible? Someone upset over a bad grade in one of Joe’s classes.”
“That’s ridiculous!” Dave charged, rising from his chair and grabbing his briefcase. Opening it with a flourish, he dumped the contents on her desk.
“Here,” he said bluntly, “read these and you’ll see that you’ve got it all wrong. Your husband was the aggressor, not my wife. He went after her, told her he loved her, and talked her into meeting him in Vegas. They had a full-blown affair for six months over the internet, and they talked on the phone a lot, too. Sorry if you don’t want to hear this, but your husband and my wife had a hot and heavy love affair. There was no hacker.”
Now Pam was stunned. For a long minute, no one said a word. Then she reluctantly picked up a few of the messages and flipped through them as Dave hunched forward in his chair. Though she tried to not show it, the weight and substance of it all seemed to jolt her. Traces of shock and shame flickered across her pale, aristocratic face.
“I’m sorry about your wife,” she said politely. But then her voice took on an icier tone. “Perhaps your grief is clouding your judgment and you’re lashing out at an innocent man. What you’re suggesting is very serious. Why are you doing this? Is this some kind of blackmail scheme? What do you want, money?”
“No,” Dave exclaimed, pounding the desk. “This isn’t about blackmail or money. This is about justice. I want you to know what your husband did to my wife because I no longer have her, but you still have him, and that’s not right. I want justice!”
“You’re trying to manipulate me,” she shot back, “and I’m not going to let you. I think these e-mails and photos are fakes, from the mind of some devious hacker, or maybe from you.”
Dave was stung by her response. So was Sally. But it didn’t surprise her. Pam’s reaction seemed normal since she hadn’t read the e-mails, and the stakes for her were so high.
How many other women had gotten photos like that from Joe? Were there entire collectors’ editions of them? What the hell was this guy doing, sending those to a married woman in Colorado? And what was Tricia doing, accepting them and then sending shots of her own?
Pam picked up another stack of e-mails and shuffled through them hastily, trying to pretend they didn’t shake her up. But her hands were trembling.
A minute later, she regained her composure and said tersely, “Why should I believe you when I’ve been married to Joe for 19 years? We have three children. I love my husband, and, not that it’s any of your business, we have a happy marriage. I have nothing else to say to either one of you. I think you both should leave immediately.”
Dave apologized for coming, but pleaded again for her to read at least a few of the e-mails to see if she could detect her husband’s writing style. And also to look at the CDs, which were the most damning evidence of all.
“I can’t promise anything,” she replied firmly. “You two walked in here today with this sad, disturbing tale from three years ago, and you expect me to drop everything and believe it. Well, I don’t. Now, if you’ll excuse me, there are people in the waiting room who need to see me on legitimate business.
“Once again, I’m asking you to get out. Now. Never contact me again, and leave my family alone, too!” she warned.
Gripping Dave’s arm and tugging on it, Sally urged, “Come on, Dave, let’s go.”

* * * * Chapter 19 * * * *
As they shuffled out of Pam Daggett’s office, Dave and Sally were silent. Both were deep in thought, wondering what Pam’s next move would be.
Outside on the vast Northwestern campus, life was rolling right along. Towering in all directions were huge oak and maple trees, their freshly sprouted green leaves shimmering in the sun. Patches of yellow crocuses and red tulips were blooming stubbornly amidst rolling stretches of grass, some of it green, but most of it still a dull-brown earth-stubble. Students in jeans, nylon wind-breakers, and Wildcats’ tees were passing by, idly chatting on cell phones while jostling bulging backpacks with Starbucks’ cups wedged in their side pockets.
It was springtime and there was a lot of life here, but Dave and Sally felt lost and alone. Over coffee in the raucous student union, Dave opened up a bit. He was wondering if they had made even an inch of headway with Pam.
“Beneath that ladylike exterior, she’s tough as nails,” he said glumly, shaking his head. “To her, we’re just two nutcases from Denver trying to wreck her perfect life. Why would she believe us over that psycho-husband of hers?”
“I haven’t got a clue,” Sally said, shaking her head.
The coffee helped, but Sally still felt weak and drained. And amazed, too, that Dave and she had come face to face with Joe’s wife. Who was Daggett, anyway, Sally found herself wondering, but a creepy stranger who had wreaked havoc on all their lives? Maybe Pam was just another of his victims? The biggest one of all.
“I feel so confused right now,” she murmured, staring blankly into her coffee cup. “Did we just make things better or worse?”
Reaching across the table, Dave patted her hand.
“I don’t know,” he replied, “but it’s better than sitting on my ass in Denver, wallowing in grief, doubt, and self-hatred. At least now I can look myself in the mirror and know I did something to settle the score.”
Taking another sip of coffee, Sally nodded.
“I’m so relieved the meeting is over,” Dave went on after a brief pause. “Now the waiting begins. The ball’s in Pam’s court.
“At least we both know a little more about Daggett now. I think the thing with Tricia was just an ego trip for him, a sick game or trivial distraction. What he did was sinister and cruel, and Tricia was so vulnerable. He never cared for her as a human being. He was just a player looking for cheap thrills and cyber-sex, someone playing games with other people’s lives.”
Dave and Sally couldn’t stop thinking or talking about Joe Daggett. And now that they were on campus, they both wanted to catch a glimpse of him. Outside the student-union, they got directions and headed across campus to the red-brick humanities building. But Daggett didn’t have any classes that day, and wasn’t on campus. Dave was disappointed; Sally sighed with relief.
That strange day finally drifted into night. After a dreary dinner with a sullen Dave in the hotel coffee shop, Sally scurried to her room to pack and call Mike. She told him they had met with Pam and then tried to find Joe.
“Thank God he wasn’t on campus,” she remarked. “If nothing happens with Pam, Dave’s threatening to come back here to confront Joe and punch him out. You can play chaperone on that trip.”
Mike sympathized with Sally, thanked her again for going to Chicago with Dave, and asked if she thought the meeting with Pam was a success.
“I honestly don’t know,” she replied softly. “It’s too soon to tell. At the moment, Pam probably hates Dave and me, and thinks we’re two delusional people from Denver who are out to destroy her marriage.”
“Give it some time, babe,” Mike advised. “Maybe Dave can get Wayne to do a follow-up on Daggett in a few months, and see what’s happening.”
The next day was cool and drizzly, as Dave and Sally boarded a Southwest 737 and cleared out of the Windy City. Dave again dozed off in his seat, while Sally tried to bury herself in the Chicago guidebook she was slowly learning by heart. Glancing at the now-empty briefcase wedged under the seat in front of them, she thought of Pam Daggett, and prayed she was reading those damn e-mails.

* * * * Chapter 20 * * * *
Back in Denver, Sally’s life quickly resumed the dull tedium of routine and normalcy. Stella Reed had finally moved to Cleveland, thank God, to be near her kids. There were still daily e-mails and phone calls to deal with, but she seemed less dependent on Mike, which was good news for Sally. With this major irritant out of the way, Mike and she were coasting through one of their calmer, more harmonious periods.
At the top of their to-do list that spring was a party for Ryan, who was graduating from high school. They were ecstatic that he’d been accepted at CSU-Fort Collins.
Thriving at that point, also, was Sarah. She had just finished her junior year at the Denver High School for the Performing Arts, where she was a star in the drama department. Sally was glad she had acting as an outlet. It was a creative way for her to work through some of the grief and anger she still felt over Austin’s death and the loss of her baby.
Things at Sally’s office were pretty much under control, too. After being away for a few days, her in-box was crammed. There were a barrage of phone calls to return, and e-mails to answer, but it was all manageable.
On her first weekend back from Chicago, Mike and Sally invited Dave over for dinner. He seemed more relaxed and content. As they sat around the dining room table sopping up Brunswick Stew with warm buttermilk biscuits, Sally couldn’t help noticing the positive after-effects of their revenge mission to Chicago. It seemed both unfortunate and amazing that something so negative could yield such glowing results. But it did.
Dave was finally emerging from his cocoon of grief and gloom and finding a reason to live again. His energy was coming back. He began tending his house, and himself, with renewed vigor. He was also more open and talkative, and taking more of an interest in his restaurant.
Spurred on by the rush he got from the trip to Chicago, Dave soon came up with a plan for Al Posey that was even bolder and more over-the-top than the one for Joe.
Al was an instructor at the Silver Dollar Gaming Institute in Vegas. He taught the ins and outs of craps and blackjack to groups of aspiring young croupiers. His wife, Cindy, was a showgirl in the glitzy revue, Jubilee!, at Bally’s.
Dave’s intentions were simple. Since Al had been the one who’d slept with Tricia, he would break up his marriage in similar fashion. He would somehow lure the showgirl into an affair with a handsome stud hired by him, and then make sure Al found out about it.
When Mike came home from his regular poker night with Dave and told Sally this, she rolled her eyes and chuckled. How would Dave ever accomplish this? But by the time Mike laid out the details, she wasn’t laughing anymore.
The scheme involved enlisting a hunky young Vegas dancer named Todd Rydell, who would go after Cindy and win her affections. Todd was the younger brother of Sean, a waiter at Marigold who owed Dave big-time for past favors.
At first glance, the plan seemed just screwy enough to work. Todd was a gorgeous, blond showguy who danced in the all-male revue, Beefcake Boys, at Luxor. Dave would pay all expenses, plus, if Todd was successful, a lump-sum of $5,000. The only condition being that Al must learn of the affair so that his heart would be broken in the same way that Dave’s had been. That was the most important part.
All in all, the idea sounded intriguing, but also rather shallow and awkward, like the warped plot of a romance-novel-gone-wrong, or a tawdry daytime soap. At times like this, Sally wondered how a nice, level-headed guy like Dave could come up with such bizarre schemes. Would he actually be able to pull this stunt off? They were about to find out.
In July 2015, just two months after Dave and Sally’s trip to Chicago, the surrogate stud was enlisted and on his way. From what Dave told Mike and Sally, Todd was pumped for the job.
The first thing he did was buy several nights’ worth of tickets for Jubilee! At the after-show cast meet-and-greets, he began making a play for beautiful, blond Cindy. Each week Todd would call his brother, Sean, in Denver with a status report. Then Sean would give Dave the lowdown, and Dave would brief Mike and Sally.
The industrious, 33-year-old Todd quickly established a warm rapport with 32-year-old Cindy. When he found out she led backstage tours of Jubilee! a few mornings a week, he showed up like an eager puppy, impressing her with his charm and enthusiasm, not to mention the biceps and double dimples.
Afterwards, the tall, buff, brown-haired showguy would invite Cindy to coffee, pretending he wanted information on how to get a job in Jubilee! He even got her to come to Beefcake rehearsals to critique his dance moves and offer advice. To thank Cindy, he would take her to lunch at the elegant bistro, Mon Ami Gabi, in Paris. So convenient, since Bally’s, where Jubilee! plays, is right next door.
Lunch number one soon led to numbers two, three, four, etc.
After these cozy midday repasts of Quiche Lorraine and steak frites, Todd and Cindy would ride the glass elevator 50 floors to the top of the romantic Eiffel Tower to view the sun drenched Las Vegas Valley and Strip. Todd, the Handsome, went on an all-out charm offensive to impress Cindy the Gorgeous, while Dave pulled the strings and paid the bills.
To his credit, Todd did a first-rate job. He truly liked Cindy and was sexually attracted to her. But no matter where they went, or what they did, or how much he spent, she refused to yield. She remained faithful to her scumbag husband. From what Todd told his brother, Cindy was warm, sweet, and flirtatious. And he was good-looking, charming, and attentive. But Cindy was apparently the real deal, a wife who wouldn’t cheat.
Back in Denver, Dave was annoyed and perplexed. He wanted to prove to Al that he was nothing special, and neither was his marriage. He wanted Cindy to break Al’s heart the way Tricia had broken his, by showing him that all women will cheat if they meet the right guy in the right place at the right time. Someone who can turn them on, show them a good time, manipulate them, or take advantage of their vulnerability.
That’s what he thought Joe and Al had done with Tricia: taken advantage of her vulnerability. She was hurt, lost, lonely, a beautiful woman going through a rough time, and those two bastards stepped in and took advantage of it.
Dave was determined that Al would feel the same kind of pain that had been inflicted on him. Sally could understand his logic, in a way. But she also thought this seduction scheme was cruel and totally unfair to Cindy. She was an innocent bystander who was going to get hurt in the crossfire.
At some point, Sally told Mike, “In sending Todd to seduce Cindy, Dave is no better than Joe or Al. He has sunk to their level.”
“No,” Mike disagreed. “Joe and Al used Tricia to pump up their egos. Dave is trying to get retribution for a wrong committed against his wife and him. The motivation is totally different, and justified, with Dave.”
“I don’t care how justified you think it is,” Sally shot back. “Dave is screwing around with peoples’ lives. Who knows how dangerous Joe or Al could be? What if they turned around and did something terrible to Dave?”
“Like what?” Mike asked.
“I don’t know, shoot him, beat him up in a dark alley, or cause problems at Marigold.”
“Really, honey? I think you’ve been watching too many Law and Order reruns,” Mike cracked, hugging her. “Could we please just have a conversation for five minutes that doesn’t involve Dave, Tricia, or Cindy? If you spent as much time focusing on me as you do on them, we’d have one helluva marriage.”
Backing away from him, Sally rolled her eyes and laughed. They could have argued about Dave’s Cindy-seduction scheme, 24/7, and gotten nowhere. As a woman, Sally saw it differently. But all of this is irrelevant because, bottom line, Todd and Cindy never had an affair.
Back in Denver, Dave was frazzled and frustrated. Across the street, Sally was relieved, and secretly cheering Cindy on. Of course she hated Al and wanted to see him get his comeuppance, but she also admired Cindy for not being taken in by Todd’s smooth moves, or Dave’s manipulations.
Dave finally pulled the plug on Operation Todd after two months of long, lingering coffees, expensive lunches, and romantic trips to the top of Eiffel Tower. But he wasn’t about to totally abandon the Cindy-seduction quest. Instead, he called private-eye Wayne in Reno, and asked if he knew of any stud-surrogates in Vegas who might be up to the task.
Happy to help, Wayne went to his sources, and, within hours, produced another promising stud-candidate by the name of Nick Diamond. The six-foot, out-of-work Elvis impersonator was blue-eyed, chiseled, and suave. He also had a way with women, and needed the money.
Wayne seemed confident that if anyone could sweep Cindy off her feet, it was good-looking, Southern charmer Nick. He had been married twice and had a long history (more like a rap sheet) with women that included scores of girlfriends, both married and single.
Dave trusted Wayne’s judgment and quickly agreed to take Nick on. He offered the same terms, all expenses paid, plus $5,000 cash for a seduced showgirl and a cuckolded husband.
Early on, Nick proved to be as much of a go-getter as Todd. He came up with all sorts of creative ways to run into the stacked, blond showgirl. After learning she walked her dog every day at a park in Summerlin, a sleepy suburb just outside Vegas, he started taking his pooch there also. Nick was friendly and polite and struck up a conversation with Cindy on a bench under a leafy elm at the park. Over the next month, they had coffee at a nearby Starbuck’s a few times. While they chatted, love struck, the canine variety anyway. Their dogs fell for each other at first sniff. When Mike told Sally, she laughed her head off! Cindy’s collie, Muffin, and Nick’s German Shepherd, Popeye, ended up having a brief but torrid affair that spawned six adorable, mixed-breed puppies.
The dogs weren’t the only ones who hit it off. Nick and Cindy also got along great. After dinner one night at an expensive French restaurant in MGM Grand, he introduced her to an important agent from L.A. who boasted he could jump-start a movie career for her in Hollywood. Afterwards, Nick walked Cindy to her car and tried to kiss her. She laughed it off, blamed it on the wine, and drove off in her Honda.
Nick was a confident, persistent guy, so he kept plugging away. His goal was to get Cindy alone while her husband was teaching poker classes at night. He tried every trick in the book to spend quality time with her and catch her in a seducible mood. But Cindy wasn’t interested. The nice, level-headed girl from Fargo believed in her marriage vows and loved her husband, who obviously didn’t deserve her.
When Christmas 2015 rolled around, the quest almost fizzled. Out of the blue, Nick landed a job in an Elvis tribute show at a downtown casino, and was suddenly tied up with rehearsals and performances.
Nick was glad he would no longer have time to pursue Cindy full-time for money. He truly cared about her and considered her a friend. When his Elvis show was finally up and running, Cindy was there on opening night to cheer him on. There was a friendly drink afterwards, and the two agreed to keep in touch. But it was casual on both sides.
Back in Denver, Dave was disappointed again, and growing discouraged. Over a five-month period, he’d laid out a sizable sum of money to both Todd and Nick, but there was nothing to show for it. At that point, the Cindy-seduction scheme went on the back burner, as Dave focused instead on his restaurant, and some home renovations that Tricia had wanted him to do for years.
Peeking through the lace curtains in her foyer each morning, Sally would catch a glimpse of Dave talking to his contractor before he left for Marigold. What a relief to see him like his old self: calm, pleasant, focused on business. Maybe life for all of them would finally return to some semblance of normal.

* * * * Chapter 21 * * * *
Good news apparently travels fast. On a gray, snowy day in January 2016, a jubilant Dave was perched on the Dawsons’ back-door stoop, cheering and high-fiving Sally and Mike while cradling two bottles of champagne.
“Can you believe it?” he whooped gleefully, grinning ear-to-ear. “His job’s gone, his wife dumped him and took the kids, and his father-in-law hates him. A trifecta of miseries for that arrogant son-of-a-bitch. He finally got what he deserved!”
Dave was talking about Joe Daggett, of course. Wayne had done a routine follow-up and discovered that his so-called dream-life was falling apart. The playboy professor who had loved, lured, and dumped Tricia, had been tossed out of his house by angry wife Pam. She and the kids were still residing in their spacious Tudor near the lake in Evanston, but Joe was now living in a fleabag hotel on Howard Street on the Chicago city limits.
To make matters worse, Pam’s father, the dean of the English Department, had convinced the chairman of the board of trustees to can his tomcat son-in-law. Yes, he was ejected from his professorship, and his name stricken from the faculty club rolls. Not an easy task since Daggett was a tenured professor. But he was now persona non grata on the Northwestern campus. That left him “without a pot to piss in,” as Wayne so crudely put it, “out of work, out of a marriage, and out of scratch.”
Wayne reported that Joe’s firing and impending divorce were the stuff of wild gossip in Evanston and beyond, and that the lusty details of the drama were just seeping out. The blow-up apparently came when Pam’s father learned of Joe’s disgraceful behavior towards Tricia, as well as his scandalous doings with untold numbers of other women, on campus and off.
After Dave and Sally’s trip to Evanston in May 2015 to deliver the Joe-Tricia e-mails and CDs, Pam Daggett had connected the dots and concluded there were other victims with tales similar to Tricia’s.
“She hired a primo P.I. who ‘found the bodies,’ and when she had enough evidence, she confronted the playboy professor,” Wayne told Dave. “The bastard was cornered. He had to put up the white flag and give her everything, including the kids. Then his father-in-law cut off his balls on campus. Daggett may have to go to South America to find a job as a waiter!”
When Dave got the news and realized the full dimension of the havoc he’d wreaked on Joe’s life, he was ecstatic and almost unbelieving. He felt that not only had he struck a blow for his own wife, but for all the other women Joe had wronged over the years. He saw himself as somewhat of a hero.
As Sally sipped champagne and thought about what they were actually celebrating, it seemed kind of sad and pathetic. But she could also understand how much this victory meant to Dave.
“I feel like we finally got justice for Tricia,” he boasted, pouring more bubbly. “She wasn’t just some desperate housewife in Denver that bastard could play with. Now his life is in free-fall the way mine has been. Now he can suffer.”
The success of his scheme fired Dave up and infused him with new vigor. As she listened to him that night, Sally feared he would revert to his old, vigilante ways. Sure enough, over dinner at Marigold the next week, Dave shocked Mike and Sally with an even more brazen plot to wreak havoc on Al Posey’s marriage. In a quiet, methodical tone, he informed the Dawsons he was now thinking of going to Vegas himself to seduce Cindy Posey.
“Todd couldn’t get the job done, and Nick failed, too, but I want to give it a try,” he crowed, swishing a fresh pour of Cabernet around his glass with a macho flourish.
“I’m not a bad-looking guy. I know how to treat a woman and get her interested. I’m not saying it will happen overnight. I may have to go back a few times. But I will find a way to meet Cindy, get to know her, and sooner or later I’ll close the deal. And I’ll make damn sure that clown, Posey, finds out his wife wanted another man and let him seduce her. He’ll find out how it feels to know that the woman he loves, his own wife, had sex with someone else.”
Sally just sat there staring at Dave, shaking her head. She was sort of stunned and appalled, but at the same time his idea made a horrible kind of sense. It was so basic and primal. There was an elegant simplicity to it. In a world where not much could be done to Joe and Al by the legal system, it seemed more logical and just than any other option. But what were the other options, really, except to do nothing and destroy yourself in grief and frustration, or accept the reality of the situation and somehow stomach it? Neither one seemed very healthy or appealing.

* * * * Chapter 22 * * * *
All through February, Mike and Sally talked about Dave: what he could, would, and should do about Cindy Posey. But ultimately, their thoughts and opinions didn’t matter. Dave was determined to go to Vegas to meet Cindy, form some kind of relationship, and, ultimately, seduce her.
A trip was planned for mid-March. Mike was going to go along to keep an eye on Dave, be a sounding board, and help in any way he could. But as the date of the trip approached, Mike came down with a terrible cold that quickly turned to bronchitis. Then Ryan, who was home from college on spring break, and Sarah, who was also home on break, came down with colds, too. Sally was the only one who was still healthy and functioning, so guess who ended up going to Vegas with Dave?
At first, she said no. Sally had a week’s vacation coming, and was looking forward to reading some novels, seeing a few friends, and enjoying a long-overdue spa day. But then she remembered how Dave had acted in Evanston, and she wanted to be there to keep him from doing something impulsive that would land him in trouble.
With a head full of questions and a heart full of doubts, Sally packed for Vegas. Dave had been there a few times for restaurant conventions, to talk to the cops after Tricia died, and then that awful trip in May 2013 when he got Austin out of custody and brought him back to Denver. But Sally had only been there once, years before, with Tricia and two other PTA moms who’d won free trips in a school raffle.
Between Dave and Sally, their experiences in Sin City were varied but limited. That just heightened the worry and uncertainty. There was no telling what they would find behind the neon glitter in the Mojave.
Dave booked seats for him and Sally on a Southwest flight, and paid for both tickets. Sally had no idea what Vegas would be like in March, but she was hoping it would be warm as she crammed jeans and lightweight cotton tops into the same well-worn suitcase she had lugged to Chicago.
When they landed at McCarran Airport a few days later after a 90-minute flight, she wasn’t disappointed. The skies were blue and calm, and it was a balmy 73 degrees.
On the cab ride to the Strip, Vegas seemed more built up, scattered, and dirtier than she remembered from her last trip, 10 years before. There was a certain sleepy, southwestern shabbiness to it, but also a gritty, urban glamour. Towering above the small, rundown motels and scraggly palm trees off the Strip were huge billboards touting world-class entertainers like Elton John, Garth Brooks, and Celine Dion. Looming far beyond them were the sand-colored Sierra Nevadas, some of them snow-capped. The combined effect of all this naturalness and garishness was both jarring and charming.
Dave had reserved two rooms at the Monte Carlo, an aging hulk of a hotel wedged between the massive, faux-Manhattan skyline of New York New York and a huge, dusty lot doubling as a construction site. Sally’s heart sank when she saw what was on the other side of it: the cavernous Bellagio where Tricia had died four years earlier.
At Monte Carlo, the hike through the football-field-size casino to the spacious, gleaming lobby was long and loud as Dave and Sally wove their way through a maze of gaudy, ringing slots and raucous craps tables.
After a quick check-in, they took the elevator to the 25th floor. Sally’s room was a tasteful blur of beiges and taupes, with a bed so large it barely left crawl space to get to the john. Outside her window was a full view of the dusty, sand-colored construction site. Dave was in a similar room a few doors down.
As she unpacked, Sally felt dazed and a little out of it. What were they even doing there, she wondered? How was Dave going to go about meeting and cozying-up to a strange beauty in a chorus line, and, perhaps later, tracking down and confronting her sleazy husband? It all seemed a challenge, with odds longer than any sports book could deliver. And her role seemed questionable. Other than stand by and wait for stage directions, what could she do?
After they got settled, Dave and Sally met in the lobby and headed to the buffet for lunch. There, amidst rows of steaming entrees, appetizers, and sides, the scene was comfort food gone wild, a monument to pigging-out, for sure. Both of them were worn out and anxious, so predictably they stuffed themselves silly with every tempting victual in sight.
That meant long, juicy slabs of prime rib, heaping spoonfuls of creamy mashed potatoes, veggies drowning in rich, cheesy sauces, and a dessert bar to die for. By the time they hauled themselves out of their brown vinyl booth, they could barely move.
Resisting the impulse to return to their rooms for naps, they wandered up the Strip to Bally’s, where Cindy danced in Jubilee! two shows a night Wednesday through Monday.
Dave knew from Todd that Cindy led a backstage tour most mornings, so he approached the Bally’s ticket counter and booked a spot for the next day. Just one, mind you, because this was to be a solo act, with Dave posing as a lonely widower from Denver who was seeking advice, and scouting work opportunities, for his 18-year-old daughter. Sally would hang out across the Strip at Caesar’s and meet up with him later.
At the ticket counter there was a Jubilee! souvenir book with photos of the cast. Sally was amazed when Dave leafed through it and instantly picked out Cindy from the dozens of dancers. Taking a closer look, Sally could see that she was quite stunning. A long-stemmed blonde with big blue eyes, a petite nose, full lips, and pale, creamy skin.
Gazing at Cindy’s photo, it was hard to believe that Sally’s late best friend had been indirectly linked to this Vegas bombshell, and that the two had slept with the same trashy guy. At that moment Sally realized that even though she’d known Tricia since childhood, there were things about her she would never fully understand, parts of her world she could never fully access.
After leaving Bally’s, Dave and Sally moved across the Strip to Bellagio to take in the dancing fountain show. As Frank Sinatra crooned a jazzy version of “Fly Me To The Moon” on the sound system, a wave of sadness came over Sally. Tricia’s last five days, and her lonely death inside this glitzy Rococo fortress, still haunted her.
That night Dave and Sally grabbed dinner at a Mexican place in New York New York. Sally got the feeling he would have preferred something fancier, since he was in the business, but it was close and they were both so tired. As a quartet of mariachis in red suits with black string-ties and sombreros encircled their table and serenaded them with a deafening version of “Light My Fire,” Dave rolled his eyes and groaned.
It was getting late.
Back at the hotel, Sally called Mike and the kids to check in. They were all still coughing like crazy and had a list of gripes. The washing machine spin cycle had gone on the fritz again; a couple of rambunctious raccoons had raided the trash cans and spilled garbage across the driveway, and Mike and the kids had run out of chicken soup, orange juice, and bread. Unfortunately, nobody could get to the store because the cars were stuck in the dense spring snow and no one could dig them out. Sally felt a pang of guilt about being in Vegas with Dave, but also a surge of relief that she was out of the house.
The next morning, dressed in jeans and brightly colored sweaters, Dave and Sally took another crack at the buffet. The food was tasty, if overpowering. Once again they chowed down like truck drivers to compensate for tiredness.
They were both on edge about the day ahead, so while they ate they went over “widower Dave’s” story.
“I’ll take Cindy’s tour and wait at the end of the line afterwards, so I can talk to her privately. If she seems nice, I’ll ask her to coffee to get career advice for my daughter, ‘Stacy,’ back in Denver.
“I’ll call you after the tour or coffee, if we end up going.”
Finishing her hash browns and eggs, Sally took a final sip of orange juice and nodded.
“Roger, Dave. I’ll be standing by at Ceasar’s. Call me if you need help or advice, or you just want to talk.”

* * * * Chapter 23 * * * *
It was another blindingly bright day, as Dave and Sally shuffled up the Strip. When he crossed over to Bally’s, she trekked into Caesar’s Palace, a palatial pleasure dome with winding escalators and serpentine passageways where one could wander for hours. Of course she got lost every five minutes, but the blinding array of dress boutiques and jewelry bistros kept her attention.
Nevertheless, by two o’clock she was getting antsy and a little worried. Where was Dave? He had been at Bally’s for three hours and she was tired of navigating through hordes of rowdy tourists, ringing slots, and wall-to-wall window shoppers.
An hour later, her cell finally rang.
“Dave, is everything okay?” Sally blurted. “Where are you?”
“I’ll explain everything over lunch,” he said, rushed and on the move. “Meet me in a half hour outside Caesar’s.”
After the twosome were reunited, they walked across Las Vegas Boulevard to the Flamingo. Deep inside, beyond the casino, they found a diner in the middle of a brightly lit hallway lined with gaudy souvenir shops.
There, while devouring turkey sandwiches and potato salad, Sally noticed that something about Dave seemed different. She expected him to be nervous and on edge, but he wasn’t. Far from it. He kept repeating how nice Cindy was, and how pretty. He seemed to have softened, and had an almost peaceful expression on his face.
“I just had coffee for two hours with the most amazing woman,” he gushed with a far-away look in his eyes.
“Very feminine, sweet, and tall, at least 5’11’. And what shape she’s in! “The tour was 90-minutes, and very impressive. Jubilee! has been running for almost 25 years and is based on cabaret shows in Paris. You wouldn’t believe how strong and athletic those showgirls are. Some of them make eight to 11 changes per show. From the stage, they take an elevator two stories down to their dressing rooms, change their gown, wig, and shoes, and get back up to the stage—wearing high heels—in eight minutes or less. There are NFL players who couldn’t do that!”
Sally laughed and nodded.
“How many people were on the tour?” she asked.
“About 20,” Dave answered, “and they were an inquisitive bunch. After the tour they were asking all kinds of questions about different numbers, like Samson and Delilah, the Titanic, and the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dance scenes. They wanted to know all about the stages, lights, costumes, and wigs.
“Cindy answered every question like a pro. She’s got a good head on her shoulders,” he remarked, adding. “And what shoulders!”
Shaking her head and staring at Dave, Sally exclaimed, “Wow, you’re full of surprises. I had no idea you were so interested in Vegas cabaret shows. So how did you convince her to have coffee with you?”
“Well, um, like I said, she’s really friendly and down to earth,” he replied with a nod. “She has this girl-next-door quality. After the Q & A session, I walked up and told her about my 18-year-old daughter, ‘Stacy,’ who’s a dancer back in Denver. When I asked if we could have coffee so I could get some information and advice from her, she took me by surprise and said, ‘sure, why not?’”
“We went to a coffee shop off the Bally’s casino. I introduced myself as Dave Jackson, then told her my wife had died four years ago due to a genetic heart problem, and this was my first trip here alone.
“Then we discussed my daughter, ‘Stacy.’ She was very helpful and advised me about dance classes, schools, and agents, things I don’t know anything about. I just sat there taking it all in, and the next thing I knew, two hours had passed and we were still talking. She was surprised, too.”
Sally couldn’t believe her ears. Dave was running on like a besotted teenager hooked on his first sweetheart, not a scheming, wronged husband out for vengeance.
“The whole time I was talking to her,” he went on, looking down, “I felt bad because I was lying, making all this stuff up. She’s not anything like I expected. Not at all hard-edged or on the make. She’s just a beautiful, talented, hard-working girl from North Dakota, who’s doing what she loves and making a good living at it.”
Sally’s jaw was on the floor. This Cindy-person had obviously made one helluva first impression!
“What about her husband?” Sally asked. “Did you find out anything about their marriage?”
“She was wearing a gold wedding band and a diamond engagement ring. She mentioned Al, that son of a bitch. She said he’s an instructor at a gaming institute, and also teaches a blackjack class at Tropicana five mornings a week. He’s in Texas this week visiting his kids, so we won’t be running into him, but maybe on a future trip.”
“Um, okay,” Sally answered, nodding. Meeting Al in any way, shape, or form was the last thing she wanted, but she knew Dave was wildly curious about him.
“Are you going to see Cindy again?” she asked.
“Yes, I bought tickets for Jubilee! tonight. I hope you don’t mind,” he answered excitedly. “After the show, we’ll go to the cast meet-and-greet. I’ll act like I’m alone and ask if we can get together again. She has a good heart. She’ll feel sorry for me and say yes. I think she likes me.”
“Coffee for two hours?” Sally retorted, eyebrows raised. “Yes, I think she does. And you seem to like her, too. Do you still plan on having an affair with her to get even with her douchebag husband?” she asked, curious and grinning.
“You know, I’m not sure,” Dave replied sheepishly, “but I’d love to get her away from that scumbag husband of hers. She mentioned his two kids in Texas and showed me pictures. She seems devoted to them. Posey doesn’t deserve her.”
Sally couldn’t believe the way Dave was talking. And how protective of Cindy he had suddenly become. But Al was another story. Dave still seemed determined to inflict pain and damage any way he could.
That night Dave and Sally took in Jubilee!, a luminous, dynamic theatrical spectacle. Sally was shocked when the usher led them to center seats in the third row of the vintage, candy-box-red theater. Dave had purchased VIP seats, 10 feet from the stage! The costumes, some of them designed by Bob Mackie, headpieces, and make-up were amazing. Cole Porter and George Gershwin’s music was featured in some of the numbers. Sally was mesmerized. From her seat, she could see every false eyelash, jeweled collar, breast, feather, and sequin.
Dave nudged her when Cindy was lowered onto the stage on a small, glittering platform. She was gorgeous, just like her photo. In one number, she swirled two large red fans, sang “In the Still of the Night,” and ended in a full split on the stage, directly in front of Dave and Sally. Sally was riveted as she watched Cindy smile at Dave while peeking at him coyly from behind the fans.
Jubilee! was 90 minutes of fast-paced glamour, excitement, and talent. Sally had been uneasy and nervous about the trip, but any show featuring 10,000 pounds of sequins could take her mind off anything. Afterwards, they ambled into the cast reception in a glittery pink-velvet salon behind the theater.
While Sally hovered anonymously behind a potted palm, Dave waited patiently to greet Cindy. She looked glamorous, regal, and flawless. Perched atop her head was a silver-sequined headpiece with plump white feathers jutting out of it. Her upswept hair was champagne-blond; her eyes, sapphire-blue; her lips, full and pink; her skin, pale and luminous. She was dressed in a short, pink-beaded costume with glittery, cream-colored stockings, and matching four-inch heels. While Dave and Cindy chatted, she gazed deeply into his eyes and smiled sweetly. It all seemed so warm and friendly.
“Mission accomplished!” he announced triumphantly as he and Sally trooped out of the salon and through the noisy, crowded casino. “We’re meeting for coffee again tomorrow.”
As they shuffled into a dimly lit, wood-paneled steakhouse next door at Harrah’s, Sally couldn’t help wondering if Cindy was a bit lonely. Maybe Al’s two jobs and her showgirl schedule left them little quality-time together? Maybe she was receptive to Dave’s offer because it would make her day more pleasant? Maybe she found him attractive, and this seduction scheme actually had a chance?
But if Dave liked her so much, would he be able to go on deceiving her? Sally didn’t ask, but she was beginning to have doubts.

* * * * Chapter 24 * * * *
The next afternoon, Dave set off for another coffee date with Cindy.
As she sat across from him, demure but sexy in a lavender-sequined sweater and skirt set, chattering on about the backstage tour she’d just conducted for 25 people, Dave felt pangs of pity for her. He truly regretted that she was married to someone so unworthy of her, a man who had been unfaithful to her with Tricia, and who knew how many others?
Then and there, he wanted to pour out all the sordid details of Al and Tricia’s two-day fling to her. But something held him back. Maybe it was the instinct to protect her, to shield Cindy from a truth that would shock and hurt her, and maybe even make her turn against him.
The lovely showgirl asked Dave about his marriage, and he opened up a bit about his late wife, being careful not to mention her by name. Then Cindy revealed fragments of her own past. There was her difficult, basically parentless childhood in Fargo, followed by two early, ill-fated marriages. The first one ended in a painful divorce, the second when her husband, a cop, was killed in a convenience store robbery.
Dave was stunned to learn of these heartbreaking tragedies in Cindy’s life. They made him care for her even more. He felt sorry for her and admired how innocent and sweet she had remained, despite the hardships. He also felt wrenching pangs of guilt for his own actions, and how he had gone out and hired two strangers to attempt to seduce her.
Later, when Dave met Sally on the clamorous Strip outside Bally’s, he confided to her that he now felt so ashamed of himself, and so sympathetic towards Cindy, that he was thinking of telling her the truth about who he was and why he was there.
Sally was amazed at how fast things were moving.
“Maybe you should give it some time,” she cautioned. “After all, you just met Cindy. You don’t want to scare her to death, do you?”
Dave shook his head. He seemed wistful and anxious as they wandered back inside the Bally’s lobby to buy tickets for the next performance of Jubilee! They had just seen it the night before, but Dave loved watching Cindy strut her stuff, and was more eager than ever to chat with her at the cast reception. Sally was a little concerned that maybe all this attention was going to make the pretty showgirl suspicious.
When she mentioned this to Dave, he declared with great assurance,
“Cindy’s not like that. She wouldn’t automatically assume I’m doing something shady because I’m seeing her show a few times. She probably thinks I’m a fan and a lonely widower who’s worried about my daughter’s future. She’s very kind that way.”
“Okay, Dave, whatever,” Sally said, rolling her eyes indulgently and patting his arm. “If you really think seeing the show again and talking to her afterwards will help, let’s get those tickets.”
The show was just as riveting the second time around. They had VIP seats that night, too. From the fourth row, they were so close that vapors actually enveloped them when the lifeboat from the Titanic number rowed by!
Once again, the stage was filled with a jaw-dropping assortment of showgirls and guys. Cindy was a knock-out in a tomato-red sequined dress as she sang “A Fine Romance” and waltzed around an elegant set with three buff hunks in tuxes.
At the cast meet-and-greet afterwards, Sally hovered in the shadows while Dave greeted Cindy warmly. Following a friendly embrace, they were both all aglow as they chatted and swapped e-mail addresses. Then there was a friendly little kiss. On the lips, no less! Sally was amazed, but there it was. She could swear she saw a spark. Cindy giggled like a teenager as Dave turned and walked towards Sally. He actually chuckled as they trekked through the casino afterwards. It had been a long time since Sally had heard that sound.
The next day, Dave and Sally took a stroll around the Strip. For some reason, they wandered into Bellagio, which they’d been avoiding. As hordes of European, American, and Asian tourists rushed by, Sally gazed up at the lobby’s colorful Murano glass-flower ceiling. She was sure Tricia would have admired it as she waited in line to check in that fateful Sunday back in May 2012. She would have been tired after her flight from Denver and five-hour drive from Phoenix, but still excited to be in Vegas, and meeting Joe the next morning for their romantic week together.
Dave and Sally were both wistful and melancholy as they ambled towards the clamorous conservatory. Sally was sure Tricia would have checked out the tulip display.
On the lower level, they stopped by Olive’s, where Tricia and Al had eaten dinner the two nights before she died. The lighting inside was dusky and romantic. There were cushy, burgundy vinyl booths, elegantly framed mirrors, an old-fashioned bar with rows of colorful bottles, and seductive views of the fountain show on the lake just outside the huge windows.
As waves of diners surged in and out, Sally tried to imagine Al and Tricia walking in. Was his hand caressing the small of her back as the maître-d led them to their table? Did they hold hands while gazing at their menus? During dinner, did his hand lightly brush her thigh under the table? And when they left the restaurant a couple of hours later, tipsy and laughing, did he have his arm around her like they were just another happy couple enjoying a night out in Vegas? Almost four years had passed since Tricia’s death. Why was Sally still obsessed with these details?
Navigating further down the cream-colored marble hall of via Bellagio, Dave and Sally passed Tiffany, Chanel, and Dior. Sally noticed Dave was quiet and withdrawn. Was he now thinking of Austin, too? His first sexual experience had been in this hotel with Lola, and Tricia’s last, with Al, had been here also. How twisted and ironic, Sally thought.
After lingering for an hour, Dave and Sally made their way out of the bustling resort. Too many sad, disturbing thoughts.
Outside on the Strip, as if on cue, they encountered swarms of carefree souls partying and carousing, losing themselves in boisterous revelry. But Dave and Sally felt somber and alone.
The next day they flew back to Denver. Aside from their melancholy stroll through Bellagio, their three-day stay had been pleasant enough. Sally was relieved that Al had been out of town, so Dave couldn’t attack or confront him. She was also relieved that Dave’s tawdry seduction scheme appeared to be on the back burner for the moment. As Cindy and he parted the night before, they had promised to keep in touch by e-mail.
Sure enough, they began writing to each other a couple of times a week. Dave really looked forward to those notes. From what Mike said, they were warm and flirty on both sides. Across the street Sally smiled and shook her head. Wasn’t that how Tricia had started with Joe?

* * * * Chapter 25 * * * *
When Sally got home from Vegas, the house was a mess, Mike and the kids were still coughing up vile, green stuff, and sucking on lozenges that had expired in 1994. There was no food in the fridge, trash was strewn all over the driveway, and wet sheets and towels were hanging out in the washer.
A sleep-deprived Sally was furious. She wanted to go back to the airport, get on another flight to Vegas, and hunker down in a hotel room for a few days.
Of course there was a big fight with Mike. It was the worst possible timing: he was sick, she was tired. So it was like old times at the Dawsons’, with Mike and Sally arguing upstairs, while Ryan and Sarah cowered downstairs in the family room, watching a movie and trying to tune it all out.
Within days, it all blew over. Things got fixed and cleaned up, and life skidded back to normal like it always did.
Across the street, things were rolling right along for Dave. He and Cindy were e-mailing each other a few times a week. It was fun, but he felt guilty about deceiving her and longed to go back to Vegas to set the record straight. Sally felt sorry for him. He was in a tough fix. His own fault of course, and he knew it.
All through the spring and summer of 2016, the e-mails flew between Dave and Cindy. He went on about the good life in Colorado and the latest on his restaurant, where a full renovation was in progress. She filled him in on the pleasures and perils of life as a showgirl in Vegas. Their messages were newsy and revealing, but also flirty and fun.
As they talked about friends and family, Cindy occasionally asked about Dave’s 18-year-old daughter, Stacy, the aspiring showgirl. Dave’s responses were polite but vague. He hated lying to Cindy, but he had to keep playing the game until he could get back to Vegas to level with her about Al’s affair with Tricia, Austin’s death, and his own seedy seduction scheme. And then he had to hope she would understand.
Dave had a lot on his plate that summer, including caring for his aging parents up in Evergreen. In mid-June, his father had fallen and broken an arm, and his mother was experiencing complications from the diabetes she had struggled with for many years. Between the two of them and the pressures of the restaurant, he didn’t know whether he was coming or going, so stressing over Cindy was the last thing he needed. For the moment, it was easier to continue stoking the lies he had told her in Vegas.
By late summer, the Marigold renovation was complete, Dave’s parents were doing better, and Dave was anxious to go back to Vegas.
It so happened that Mike and Sally had a big anniversary, their 28th, coming up, so what better way to celebrate than to tag along with Dave for a bang-up weekend? The Dawsons could spend time alone and then, if everything went well between Dave and Cindy, maybe the four of them would get together. Mike and Sally both really wanted to meet her. Mike, for obvious reasons, and Sally because, for some strange reason, Cindy reminded her of a younger Tricia.
On a muggy Thursday morning in late August, Dave and the Dawsons boarded a jam-packed Southwest flight that landed in Vegas around noon. It was a typical late-summer day in Sin City, cloudless and sweltering. Waiting in the cab line for 45 minutes, Sally practically melted in the 110-degree heat.
At the Monte Carlo, everyone settled into cozy rooms on the 18th floor. After unpacking, and devouring a belt-busting buffet lunch downstairs, Mike and Sally spent the afternoon poking around the Strip with Dave.
Packs of overheated, overfed tourists in shorts, tees, and fanny packs swarmed every block. Dangling listlessly from their half-open mouths were plastic straws connected to super-size Slurpees, or mile-high Margaritas.
The mood on the Strip was light and laid-back, but Dave was anxious as he thought about his meeting with Cindy the next day. After her morning tour, they would have lunch at a Paris restaurant. He planned to tell her the truth about who he was and why he was in Vegas. Dave prayed that she would hear him out and accept his profuse apologies.
Sally had no idea how Cindy would react to a guy confessing that he’d tried to seduce her In an effort to get revenge on her husband and break up her marriage. She wasn’t terribly optimistic that this would endear him to Cindy. It sounded so devious, extreme, and frankly, a little scary.
That night, Dave, Mike, and Sally had dinner at a steakhouse in Mandalay Bay. Over juicy T-bones and garlic mashed potatoes, they reviewed their plans for the next day. While Dave met with Cindy, Mike and Sally would sneak off for a surprise anniversary getaway. Later, everyone would reunite for dinner.
Early the next morning, Sally woke Mike with a kiss and presented him with a special surprise, a one-day trip to the Grand Canyon! He was over the moon. They had always wanted to go, and now seemed the perfect time. It was an ideal way to escape everything: their house, kids, jobs, and all the drama and trauma surrounding Tricia’s death, and Austin’s, too.
By 6:30 AM, the Dawsons were dressed in khaki-colored cargo shorts and bright tees and raring to go. On the way out, they grabbed the backpacks Sally had loaded with sunscreen, cameras, protein bars, and bottled water.
It was already 80 degrees in the shade when the van picked the couple up at seven. After a short drive, they boarded a small, twin-engine Cessna at the Las Vegas Airport Terminal.
Forty-five minutes later, they touched down at the Grand Canyon, a spellbinding sweep of jagged cliffs and majestic ravines in haunting shades of russet red, dull green, sand, and warm orange. Far below, the bracing, olive-hued Colorado River snaked its way through a maze of steep, stone-cut canyons.
It was an idyllic day of hiking, hand-holding, deep kisses in even deeper ravines, and stunning views. An adventure that reminded Mike and Sally of how exciting their marriage had been for the past 28 years, and hopefully, would be for the next 28.
Later that afternoon, the plane returned them to the Las Vegas Terminal. From there, they cabbed it to the Monte Carlo, where they retreated to their room, pulled the drapes, and promptly slipped into bed for a nap and a sexy, romantic romp. They were both thrilled to finally enjoy some quality time together, away from it all.
That evening, after showering and changing into dressier clothes, they were off to an Italian restaurant in New York New York to rendezvous with Dave. They couldn’t wait to hear about his lunch with Cindy. But the minute he walked in, it was obvious from the look on his face that things hadn’t gone well.
And they hadn’t. In fact, it was a disaster. Over lunch at a bistro in Paris, Dave had unloaded the awful truth to Cindy: that his late wife had had a brief fling at Bellagio four years earlier with her husband, and that she had died unexpectedly of an aortic dissection sometime after their second night together. And then how Al had callously walked out and left her there, cold and lifeless in bed, without saying a word to anyone.
From what Dave told Mike and Sally, Cindy initially reacted with stunned disbelief. But as he revealed more details, she realized he was telling the truth and became weepy and upset.
Then came the shocker. After telling Cindy about Joe and Al’s involvement with his wife in the last months and days of her life, Dave admitted to the string of lies he had told in his revenge scheme. He had no daughter named Stacy, and, in fact, had made up the surname Jackson to deceive her. But what destroyed any shred of credibility, or sympathy, for his story came with his admission that he had schemed to seduce her, and make sure Al found out she had cheated, in an effort to destroy her marriage.
As Cindy took all this in, her blue eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed in anger and confusion. What Dave was telling her didn’t square at all with what her husband, or the police, had told her back in 2012 about Tricia’s death.
“Al told me your wife was drunk and desperate, and begged him to spend the night with her or she’d kill herself,” Cindy said, upset and on the verge of tears. “He said her husband had cheated on her, and she wanted to sleep with someone to get even. She threw herself at him. He was so afraid she’d do something drastic that he stayed. But he said there was no sex.”
“Well, your husband’s a liar,” Dave quickly. “He did have an affair with my wife. The coroner’s report confirmed there was sex the night she died and probably the night before, too. And he was the aggressor. He went after her. The messages on her voicemail proved that.
“My wife was a beautiful, vibrant woman with a good job and a loving family,” he went on, his voice rising. “She was not some desperate, unstable nutcase. I know that hurts, but it’s the truth. The evidence is all there.”
Cindy shook her head and started crying.
“This can’t be true. Al loves me. He wouldn’t lie, or cheat on me. Why are you saying these horrible things? None of this makes sense,” she stammered.
Dave saw how distressed she was and apologized profusely for all the deception and for coming up with the vengeful plot. But he wouldn’t deny any of it.
“Five months ago, I came here to get to know you,” he admitted, “so I could sleep with you and destroy your husband’s life the way he destroyed mine.
“But now that I’ve gotten to know you, I can’t go through with it. The day I met you, I knew I couldn’t go through with it. You’re so warm and sweet and real. I care about you. I wanted to tell you what I was up to, but I also wanted to make you see the truth about your marriage. It’s a sham, Cindy, a charade. Your husband’s a liar, a cheat, a scoundrel.”
Cindy was devastated by Dave’s blunt revelations, but she still had the spunk to fight back.
“You wouldn’t know the truth if it hit you in the face,” she lashed out. “You came here in March and made up that sob story about your motherless daughter who wanted a job in a show here. And the whole time, it was a cheap ploy to get me into bed to avenge this affair that never happened.
“You’re a sicko con artist! You came on like a nice, normal guy who wanted to be friends, and the whole time it was a scam. For all I know, what you’re saying now is more lies to get me to leave Al and have an affair with you. That’s what you want, isn’t it? To make me hate him and fall into bed with you. You’re playing games, trying to get what you want, no matter who gets hurt. You’re the liar, cheat, and scoundrel!”
“Cindy, no, that’s not true. Please listen, I can explain!” Dave implored, reaching for her hand. But she pulled away and refused to hear one more word.
“I hate you for lying to me and for trying to blame my husband for what happened to your wife,” she cried, her voice getting louder and more shrill. “I don’t want to hear anything else you have to say. Like I would believe one word!”
Getting up abruptly, she grabbed her purse and bolted from the restaurant. Dave threw some money on the table and ran after her. In the throng of tourists on the Strip outside Paris, he frantically searched, but she had melted into the crowd.
He made his way to Bally’s and tore through the loud, jam-packed casino. Near the elevator that went to the Jubilee! dressing rooms, he told the security guard he was there to see Cindy. The guard called her, then turned to Dave with a grim face.
“She can’t see you right now,” he said. “She asked me to have a security guard escort you out.”
Within minutes, a dejected Dave was led out of Bally’s by a beefy, uniformed rent-a-cop. He spent the rest of that afternoon cooling his heels in a bar at Imperial Palace, drowning himself in Mai-Tais and mojitos, and trying to erase the horrid lunch from his mind.
At an Italian restaurant in New York New York that night, a somber Dave revealed how his lunch with Cindy had gone down. Mike and Sally were both shocked and riveted. Sally had a feeling it would go badly, but this was epic.
The three of them had planned on dinner, but now food was the last thing on their minds. They never even ordered. Instead, they sat there for what seemed like hours, drinking glass after glass of Pinot Grigio and picking at an antipasto plate.
As she listened to Dave, Sally tried to see things from Cindy’s perspective. It must have been an awful jolt to learn of her husband’s affair with Tricia. Of course, she believed her husband over Dave. But somewhere, deep down, she had to know it was true. Why else would Dave be telling her this? How would he even know who Joe Daggett was, or that he and Al were friends? From the way Cindy reacted, Sally could see how important Al was to her. She desperately wanted and needed to believe her husband, so their lives could go on and still make sense.
Dave was torn up that he had been the one to shatter Cindy’s illusions about himself and Al, and he had never even gotten to the part about the hired playboys, Todd and Nick. Sally felt sorry for him, but also for Cindy. Here she was, looking forward to a fun lunch with her new friend from Denver, and she ended up learning all these ugly things about her husband, Dave’s dead wife, and Dave himself.
“It’s sad,” Sally sighed, “but maybe Cindy will end up like Pam Daggett. She stood by her husband, at first, until she saw those e-mails and CDs. Then she came around.”
“Maybe,” Dave agreed, nodding, “but we don’t have any concrete evidence to give Cindy. I told her what the cops have: the phone messages, hotel maids, security cam footage, and Al’s players’ club card that was found in Tricia’s room. I don’t know if she believed me or not. But even if she did, none of that excuses the fact that I was trying to seduce her to get even with her husband. All the evidence in the world against douchebag Al doesn’t excuse that. She must really hate me,” he groaned, looking down and shaking his head.
“I came here hoping she’d understand. I guess I was wrong. Everything is worse now. She thinks what I told her today was more lies, a big manipulation to make her hate Al and fall into bed with me.”
“Dave,” Sally broke in gently, “I’m sorry things went so badly, but maybe she just needs some time. Why don’t you give her a week or two, then get back in touch?”
“But we’re only here a few days,” Dave shot back, hyper and agitated. “We’re going back on Sunday. I want to see her before then. I need to talk to her, make her understand what I went through when Austin died. And I need to convince her that what I told her about Al is true. It’s not another scam.”
Putting his head down, he ran his hands through his hair, then looked up abruptly.
“Why don’t we all go to Jubilee! tonight?” he blurted, eyes brightening. “After the show, we’ll hit the cast reception. Maybe I can talk to Cindy there. I’ve been trying to call her all afternoon, but she won’t answer. I’ve got to see her. Come on, let’s go to the box office. It’ll be my treat, an anniversary gift for you guys.”
“Dave, are you sure you want to do this?” Sally asked, staring across the table. “Maybe you should give it some time.”
“Hey, what about me?” Mike piped up. “Don’t I get a vote in this? I’ve never seen a show here, and it sounds like classic Vegas. I want to go!”
“Okay, honey, that settles it,” Sally said, beaming at her hubby and nuzzling him. “Happy Anniversary, Mikey! Let’s pay the check and go to Bally’s.”
Mike loved Jubilee!, and so did Sally. She had already seen it twice, but the third time was the charm. Cindy was terrific, and showing no ill effects from the ugly lunch-scene at Paris earlier as she high-kicked her way through “Yankee Doodle Dandy,” and sang, “Smoke Gets In Your Eyes” in a sexy, silver-sequined dress. Dave was mesmerized. Mike was pretty impressed, too.
At the cast reception, Mike and Sally huddled in a corner with some Brits while Dave frantically searched for Cindy. But she never showed. When he finally asked the stage manager, he was told she wasn’t feeling well and wouldn’t be coming out. Disappointed, the trio wandered away.
Dave was still determined to see Cindy, so they moved to the exit doors used by the Jubilee! cast and waited. It was a hot, steamy August night and they were all beat, but Dave refused to give up. He was a little tipsy; Mike and Sally didn’t want to leave him. Like an abandoned puppy, he stood by those doors till one AM, but Cindy never showed. She must have guessed he was there and ducked out another exit. At two, Mike and Sally finally convinced their glum, dejected friend to return to the hotel with them.
The next day Dave bombarded Cindy with e-mails trying to explain his feelings, but she wouldn’t answer. He also left a flurry of messages on her cell. Again, no response. When he tried to buy a ticket for that night’s Jubilee!, he was told by a clerk at the box-office that Cindy wouldn’t be performing that night. She had taken a few days off and just seemed to disappear.
Finally on Sunday, the threesome flew back to Denver. Dave didn’t want to go, but they all had to get back to work. It had been a sad trip for him. Mike and Sally, on the other hand, had celebrated their 28th anniversary in style. They were on top of the world, but Dave’s despair certainly cast a shadow.

* * * * Chapter 26 * * * *
As Sally said many times over the years: Dave was a nice guy. Nice and smart and attractive. But let’s face it, he made a lot of mistakes. Mistakes in his marriage, mistakes with his son, mistakes with women.
Sally had known Dave for over 30 years, but she didn’t really know him till Tricia died. Before that, she had seen him only through her best friend’s eyes, or Mike’s. But after Tricia’s death, Sally started seeing Dave through her own eyes, and came to the conclusion that he was a tragic, complex figure. Smart and down to earth on the one hand, but wildly romantic, impulsive, and quixotic, like Austin, on the other. The end result was that while he was capable of loving deeply, he also tended to hurt the people he loved by being too stubborn, too sensitive, too proud, or just plain oblivious to what they wanted or needed from him.
Tricia was a perfect example. For years, she’d begged him to pay more attention to her, in bed and out, to talk to her, to just be there when they were together. Dave would say yeah, yeah, yeah, but he never actually did it. Maybe he wanted to, but he didn’t know how. It was the same with Austin. After Tricia died, the kid needed a special kind of attention that Dave couldn’t, or wouldn’t, provide. The boy was crying out for it, but Dave never heard his pleas.
So yes, Dave was a likable enough guy. But somehow he always ended up hurting the people he loved the most, and, in the end, damaging himself, too. Kind of like a character in a Greek tragedy, or a modern-day Don Quixote. Romantic and chivalrous, but also sort of messed up.
Cindy was another example. In Dave’s quest for revenge against Al, he was going to take her down, too. But once he met her and got to know her, he fell for her, and his grand plans all blew up in his face. He confessed, and she bolted. She was hurt and angry, and nobody could blame her. And he was crushed, which was also understandable.
Revenge is a very complicated business. It can backfire on you sometimes.
Dave’s plots against Joe and Al were justified, in a way, but they were also vindictive and destructive. What Joe did to Tricia was selfish and irresponsible, but it probably wasn’t intentional. He was just out to have a good time and pump up his ego. He had no idea how sensitive or serious she was. Joe was looking for a good time. Tricia was looking for love.
It was the same with Al. He had a two-night fling with Tricia because she was there, she was beautiful and vulnerable, and he liked her. Once again, it was an ego thing. She made him feel sexy, smart, and strong, so he went for it. Cindy was in Fargo at the time, and he wanted to have a sexual play date with someone, no strings. In a way, that’s what Tricia wanted, too. But when Al walked out of her room that morning and left her there already dead, or dying, without saying a word to anyone, his behavior went from sloppy and irresponsible to downright deplorable. Still, it probably wasn’t malicious or premeditated. He just panicked and ran.
Both Joe and Al had acted callously and cowardly, and Tricia ended up getting hurt and losing her life. But that wasn’t what they’d set out to do. Dave, on the other hand, was deliberately going after both of them to inflict pain and destroy their lives. And look where it got him. At the end of the day, was hurting Joe and Al going to right all the wrongs done to Tricia and make him a happier man? Maybe in the short term, yes, but in the long run, probably not.
As the three Coloradans flew back to Denver, Sally glanced over at Dave dozing peacefully in a window seat across the aisle and reflected on all of the above. Mike and she were happy and energized. Dave was miserable. Not that he said anything. He didn’t have to.
Sally knew how excited he had been about going to Vegas, how much he wanted to see Cindy, and how devastated he was that it didn’t go the way he planned. In fact, it was a disaster. As far as Dave knew, Cindy hated him. He didn’t know if she would ever speak to him again. Sally felt sorry for him. It didn’t seem like a very good way to go through life.
When they got back to Denver, Dave buried himself in work and spent every possible minute at Marigold. His restaurant was getting busier and busier. People were waiting 45 minutes to an hour for a table. The renovation had been a big success, and so was the new menu.
Dave’s business was thriving, but every night he went home to an empty house, with no wife or son. Sometimes late at night, Sally would look out and see him coming down Lupine Street in his black Range Rover and turning into his driveway. He’d get out of the car and slowly, methodically, walk to the front door and go inside. The hall light would come on briefly. For a few minutes, he’d stand there glancing down at the mail that had fallen through the slot in the door. Then what? There was no one to talk to, no one to ask about his day, no one to argue with. Just silence. Cold, stark silence.
Sally used to look over and see the lights on and wonder what Dave was thinking or feeling. After 27 years of marriage and one son, he was now coming home to total silence and loneliness. It must have been a very bitter pill to swallow.
Dave still clung to the hope that things would work out with Cindy and, to that end, he continued to barrage her with e-mails, pouring out his thoughts about how much he missed her, and conveying deepest regrets for his cruel scheme to seduce her. Despite her agonizing silence, he never gave up, pleading that even if she didn’t want to see or speak to him, she should at least re-examine her marriage, see it for what it was, and get out before Al ruined her life.
But these messages went unanswered, and, for all Dave knew, unopened. He called Cindy’s cell day and night, but never once did she pick up or respond in any way.
Then one morning, lightning struck. After weeks of searching, he managed to find Cindy’s home number on a private showgirl-network website he somehow lucked into. The minute it flashed on the screen, he scribbled it down. Within seconds he had raced to the phone and dialed. A housekeeper answered. In broken English, she delivered the startling news that “Mrs. Cindy” was no longer living there. She had separated from “Mr. Al” and moved into an apartment near the Strip. Of course, she wouldn’t give out Cindy’s new home number.
What a bombshell! Dave was elated. He had to pinch himself to believe it. First, he had succeeded in breaking up Joe Daggett’s marriage, and now it appeared he was having the same success with Al Posey’s. He basked in the results. But the euphoric moment was short-lived. Any happiness he felt was tinged with the ongoing remorse he was still enduring over losing Cindy.
Dave yearned for more details. Where had Cindy gone? Was she dating anyone? And what about her stepchildren?
“I hope Posey doesn’t try to punish her by keeping the kids away,” Dave remarked to Mike and Sally at Marigold one night after he told them the news. “It would break Cindy’s heart, but it sounds like something that bastard would do.”
Dave was still guilt-ridden that he had caused Cindy so much pain, but he was convinced there would have been more if she had stayed with her “douchebag husband.”
“She’s better off without him,” he added, looking down and frowning over a plate of linguini with clam sauce. “Any guy who would do what he did to Tricia doesn’t have a decent or moral bone in his body.”
Dave was somewhat consoled by the simple fact that Cindy and Al were no longer together. But now he was more heartbroken than ever that he couldn’t get in touch with the gorgeous blond showgirl. Months after the Vegas trip, Cindy still wouldn’t answer his e-mails, or take his calls.
Then, one bleak afternoon in November 2016, there was indeed a response. Cindy called Dave, but it wasn’t a pleasant exchange. Spewing a torrent of four-letter words, the enraged showgirl informed him that she had run into Nick Diamond, the Elvis impersonator hired by Dave to bed her the year before.
Nick invited her to have drinks at a club in Paris, where he revealed to her Dave’s ugly scheme. Holding the phone a few inches from his ear in his Denver kitchen, Dave cringed as Cindy went ballistic.
“How could you hire a total stranger to have an affair with me to break up my marriage?” she fumed. “Nick told me all about your disgusting deal with him, and Todd Rydell, too. What kind of lowlife degenerate are you?”
“Cindy, I didn’t know you then,” Dave blurted defensively. “I was lashing out after my son died. I went a little crazy and wanted revenge against the guys who wrecked my life. As Al’s wife, you got caught in the crossfire. I’m sorry!”
“That’s no excuse!” she hollered. “Lots of people lose loved ones and don’t go vigilante. Besides, I had nothing to do with what went on between my husband and your wife. I was an innocent bystander.
“It was bad enough that you came here with that phony story about a make-believe daughter so you could get into my pants, but now I find out that you actually hired two strangers to hit on me, too. They could have been ex-cons. I could have been hurt. They could have had AIDS or some horrible STD. You didn’t even know me then, and you were willing to take that chance. What kind of twisted lowlife would do something like that?”
Cindy was livid. Nick had revealed to her all the sordid details: that Dave was willing to pay all expenses, plus $5,000 once he successfully completed the seduction, and Al was informed of it. She was so furious she threatened Dave with legal action.
“You goddamn son-of-a-bitch,” she warned, “stop the calls and e-mails, or I’ll run to the cops and get a restraining order and sue you for harassment!” Then she slammed the phone down.
A devastated Dave told Mike and Sally about Cindy’s call. Sally sympathized with him, but she could understand Cindy’s rage. Beneath it, she was hurt that he would play with her life like that.
Sally was sad that things had turned out so badly for Dave, but under the circumstances, what could he expect?
After Cindy’s call, Dave stopped trying to contact her. He was crushed, but carried on as best he could.
The 2016 holiday season was a mixed bag. While the Dawsons celebrated with Mike’s parents and Ryan and Sarah, who were both home from college, Dave stayed busy with work. Mike, Dave, and Sally celebrated New Year’s Eve together at Marigold. Sally offered to get a date for Dave, but he wasn’t interested.
At midnight, after she kissed Mike, she gazed over at Dave. He seemed lonely and morose, despite the festive atmosphere surrounding them. He was obviously thinking about Tricia and Austin, and Cindy, too. Her phone call had stunned him like a sucker punch to the gut. He was scared that any chance he’d had of winning her was now forever lost.
At that moment, Sally knew she had to somehow help Dave turn things around with Cindy, so that next year he would be smiling, too. It was a long shot, but that was her New Year’s resolution.

* * * * Chapter 27 * * * *
Sally normally let go of the half-baked promises she made to herself on New Year’s Eve by noon the next day. But the resolution she made about Dave and Cindy stuck. She didn’t know how, but she was going to get them together. She had a feeling it could work, that they would be good together if they could just meet again under different circumstances and give it another try.
It was crazy, no doubt, to believe it would help because Sally had never even met Cindy. But she couldn’t shake this feeling that Cindy should be with Dave. Maybe it was because Cindy seemed so similar to Tricia: beautiful, blond, vulnerable, and kind. On some level, Sally believed that getting Dave together with her would be like reuniting him with Tricia.
After thinking it over for a month, Sally made plans to go to Vegas to meet with Cindy—if she would let her. It was a bold move, but the timing was right. It was February 2017. Ryan and Sarah were both away at college, Mike had to work all weekend, and Dr. Prater was at a medical seminar in Texas. With the office closed for two weeks, a long weekend out of town would be easy for Sally to pull off.
Early on a Thursday morning, Mike drove her to the airport and kissed her goodbye at Southwest’s curbside check-in. As he pulled away, Sally felt lost and lonely. But a few minutes later, her sense of adventure kicked in and she was fine.
Her flight landed in Vegas around noon. The weather was cool and rainy as Sally cabbed it from McCarran to Paris, the same hotel where Dave had had his explosive lunch with Cindy six months earlier.
After she unpacked, she walked next door to Bally’s and bought a ticket for the Jubilee! backstage tour. At 11 the next morning, Sally showed up with 20 other wide-eyed tourists. And suddenly there she was: this sweet, smiling, blond skyscraper of a showgirl poured into a slinky, ice-blue satin gown with plumes, sequins, and a mile-high slit revealing milky-white thigh encased in fishnet.
“Good morning, everyone,” Cindy chimed with a smile that could light up Times Square. Extending her arms, she added, “Welcome to my world!”
She looked like she had just dropped from the sky, like nothing bad had ever happened to her, this pristine, perfect dancer-princess with full, luscious breasts, long legs, silky skin, and a warm smile.
Had she really been married to that douchebag, Al Posey, for five years? Had she really been the target of Dave’s tawdry revenge schemes with stud-duds, Todd and Nick? Here she was, standing before the tour group like an unsullied, virginal creature who had never been touched by crassness or evil. Sally marveled at her at first sight. Maybe she fell a little in love with her, too, just like everyone else.
Cindy’s voice was as bright and clear as church bells as she led the group around Jubilee!’s towering 15-story stage. The smell of sawdust was in the air. The sounds of buzz saws and hammers beckoned from the nearby prop room. All minor distractions as we wandered among massive sets from the Samson and Delilah, and Titanic numbers. Then we lingered in the wig room, sneaked a peek at the lighting booth, and ogled lavish ball gowns in the costume department.
After the hour-and-a-half tour, some of the group stayed behind to chat. Sally positioned herself at the end of the line and waited patiently till everyone left. Then she introduced herself. There was a polite handshake. When Sally mentioned she was from Denver, Cindy tilted her head and stared at her, a little alarmed, with question marks flickering in her big blue eyes. She obviously sensed something.
“I’m, uh, a friend of Dave’s,” Sally sputtered.
Looking down, Cindy sighed and shook her head sadly. It had been six months since that awful lunch when Dave unloaded the bitter truth about Al’s sordid affair with Tricia. Sally thought that enough time had passed, and she would have a shot at getting through to her. Ever so gently, she suggested that they have coffee, or maybe lunch.
“I, uh, don’t think that’s a good idea,” Cindy said, turning to leave.
“Well, it’s raining outside,” Sally replied quickly, “and I don’t have an umbrella, so I can’t really go anywhere.”
Something gentle and kind seemed to register in Cindy’s eyes. Who knows, maybe she missed Dave and was curious about him? Whatever the reason, she softened slightly and changed her mind.
“I won’t keep you long,” Sally promised, as they slowly started walking. “I came here to talk to you. Yes, it’s about Dave, but please hear me out. If what I have to say upsets you, I’ll leave.”
“Okay,” Cindy nodded, “That sounds fair. My throat’s a little scratchy from the tour. A hot drink would help. Let’s go downstairs to my dressing room. I have some time before a meeting with the music director. My coffee’s not the greatest, but at least it’s fresh. I’ll make us both a cup.”
They took an elevator down two floors, and Cindy led the way through a maze of dimly lit aisles and passageways to her cubby-hole dressing room. It was a small, yellow cubicle lined with racks of colorful costumes sandwiched between shelves of headpieces, wigs, hats, and shoes. In a corner, a tall, rickety, glass-paneled cabinet overflowed with miscellaneous showgirl props: corsets, bows, batons, crowns, muffs, parasols, and beaded cuffs.
Anchored to one wall was an old wooden dressing table with lights around the mirror. It was cluttered with brushes, sponges, make-up compacts, big jars of Albolene, and a mound of tangled crystal bracelets.
On a round table near the coffee-maker was another pile of glittery costume jewelry. Casually scooping it up with both hands, Cindy plopped it on a nearby shelf, as she and her visitor from Denver sat down.
There was a brief period of small talk, then Sally moved briskly to the subject of Dave. While Cindy brewed a pot of French Roast, Sally let her know that Dave still talked about her all the time.
“You two didn’t know each other long, but apparently you made quite an impression. He misses you,” she said softly. She went on to explain that, despite his warped revenge scheme, he really was a nice, normal guy. She stressed how the deaths of Dave’s wife, and then his son, had caused tremendous stress and strain, and then a terrible lapse in judgment.
Cindy’s head shake and sigh told Sally she wasn’t getting anywhere, so she drifted off course for a few minutes and asked about the adorable, freckle-faced kids whose photos were hanging on a wall near the make-up table.
Cindy lit up and they immediately launched into a discussion about the joys and challenges of being a stepmother. After a few minutes, Cindy grew sad as she confided that, since the divorce, Al had denied her access to his kids, who were living with their mother in Texas. Cindy had hired a lawyer to try to gain visitation rights, or at least permission to talk to them on the phone.
“I’m trying to think positive,” she said, shaking her head, “but my lawyer says it doesn’t look good.”
That comment led to a series of revelations about the way her marriage to Al had ended, Dave’s role in the whole mess, and his twisted revenge plot.
“I was shocked when Dave told me he planned to hurt me, Al, and Joe. Why me? I never did anything to him,” she said, bewildered, as she tore open a packet of Sweet ‘N Low.
“You know, I’m really sorry about what happened to his wife and son. I had no idea. And the affair between Al and Dave’s wife. I was stunned when he told me. I didn’t know if I could believe one word. How could I trust a guy who met me under false pretenses and started a friendship that was totally based on lies?”
Sally couldn’t answer that question. It cut to the heart of the matter and caught her totally off guard. After a brief pause, Cindy went on, a little more warily.
“Dave didn’t send you here to talk to me, did he?” she asked, tilting her head. “This isn’t another one of his sicko manipulations, is it?”
“No,” Sally answered firmly. “He doesn’t even know I’m here. It must be hard for you to believe, but I came on my own because I think you have a good heart, and I was hoping you would understand what Dave did if I explained it. My husband is really close to him, and I was best friends with his wife, so I know everything that went on when she died, and their son, too.
“Believe me, Dave wouldn’t show up here now. He’s too ashamed. He thinks you hate him. And he would never ask me to do something like this. My husband is the only one who knows.
“Dave’s been so down and full of regrets since he came here and told you the truth. I wanted to come and ask you to not be too hard on him.”
There was a silence. It wasn’t really awkward, just a blank space while Cindy tried to put all the pieces together.
“I would love to hear more,” she said, gazing up from her coffee, “but what’s the point? How could I ever trust a man who lied to me the way Dave did? Who tried to set up affairs between me and two other guys to get revenge for what happened to his wife?
“She died of natural causes. The cops said she had an aortic dissection. Yes, I know my ex-husband had an affair with her at Bellagio right before she died. I know they were together in her room the night before and that morning, and he walked out without telling anyone.
“When Dave told me, I didn’t believe it. So I confronted Al, and he denied everything. But something didn’t add up. So I finally spoke to a few detectives who worked on the case, and they pretty much confirmed everything Dave said. That devastated me. It broke my heart and destroyed my marriage,” she said, shaking her head.
“The whole mess really scared me,” she went on after a brief pause. “The way Dave’s wife died, Joe Daggett’s involvement, all the lurid details. I’m truly sorry about Dave’s son’s death. No one should have to go through turmoil like that. But Dave went too far. His revenge scheme still makes me cringe. It seems to me that a man like that is capable of anything.
“Dave had no idea how many people would get hurt. What about my step kids? I love them with all my heart, but since the divorce I’m not allowed to see them, or even talk to them. It’s killing me and hurting them, too. Two innocent kids got caught up in the insanity.”
“Cindy, I’m truly sorry,” Sally murmured. “What you’re saying makes sense, but I’m asking you to put all that aside and just take a chance. Dave has always been a good friend, a stand-up guy. Believe me, I’ve known him since high school, and I agree with you, what he did was wrong. But he didn’t know you personally, or anything about you. He just thought of you as Al’s wife. But after he met you, he couldn’t go through with his seduction plan because he liked you so much. The craziness stopped. Getting to know you shocked him back to reality. Doesn’t that mean something?”
Cindy stared at her, her blue eyes wide. She was taking in every word.
“Sally, you’ve made some good points,” she admitted, “but it’s a lot to take in. The silver lining in this whole mess is that Al and I got divorced. He wasn’t the decent, honorable man I thought he was. I could have gone on for years, maybe even had kids with him, without knowing he was unfaithful to me, and not just with Tricia.
“But that’s Al, and Al’s in my past. So is Dave. But now you want me to bring him into my present and future, and forget about all the awful stuff he was plotting. Maybe that’s not such a good idea. I don’t want to be with another man I can’t trust. He tried to lure me into an affair with two guys he was going to pay, and then came after me himself.
“He seems really hung up on cheating. Didn’t he have an affair himself? At the Bellagio, Dave’s wife told Al that her husband had cheated on her with someone who worked at his restaurant, and that’s how she ended up falling for Joe on Facebook. Is that true?”
“Um, yes,” Sally said hesitantly, looking down. “But Dave and Tricia were married 27 years and had some major problems. As far as I know, the affair lasted just six months, and it was the only time Dave ever cheated. I know it sounds bad, but marriages are complicated. They all have their ups and downs. You understand that, right?”
“Not really,” Cindy replied, shaking her pretty blond head. “Life’s hard enough without getting involved with people who lie, cheat, and scheme. I’ve had enough of that to last a lifetime.”

* * * * Chapter 28 * * * *
Sally’s coffee date with “Snow White” (Wayne’s nickname for Cindy) wasn’t going so well. She had come to Vegas to convince Cindy to give Dave another chance. But Cindy was doing a better job of convincing Sally why she shouldn’t.
“Let me tell you a little about myself, so you’ll understand better where I’m coming from,” Cindy said, pouring coffee refills for herself and Sally.
“My life in Fargo wasn’t exactly a cakewalk. When I was two, my mother took off for L.A. to find work as an actress and never came back.
My dad wasn’t around much either,” she went on. “He owned a gas station outside Fargo, and worked 18 hours a day. Someone had to take care of me, so he hired a neighbor, a nice lady named Hattie. That’s where I learned to dance. She ran a studio in her house and gave me lessons for free.
“Hattie was like a mother to me, but she died in a car crash when I was 16. A year later, I married her son. Danny was okay, but he was only 19 and had a lot of growing up to do.
“A year into the marriage, I went to visit a friend in a town called Devils Lake. She was 18 and had just had a baby with a guy who was totally clueless. Anyway, she needed some help. That weekend Danny got drunk and set our house on fire. Turns out the girl he was with smoked.”
“I’m so sorry,” Sally blurted, “I had no idea. What did you do?”
“A girlfriend took me in, and Danny and I got divorced,” Cindy said, taking a deep breath. “I got a job teaching at a dance studio and started dating a really nice guy, a cop named Brad. We got married a year later, and everything was great till he got shot in a convenience-store robbery, and died at the scene.
“I totally fell apart,” she said, bowing her head as she sniffled into a Kleenex. “I couldn’t eat or sleep, and ended up getting sick and losing my job. I was only in my twenties, but I felt like my life was over.
“Somehow I had to get out of Fargo, I just had to. I’d always wanted to dance on stage, so I bought a one-way ticket to Vegas. Right off, I landed a job in the Folies Bergere show at Tropicana. I was just a back-up dancer, but it was my lucky break.
“That’s where I met Al. He was dealing blackjack at the time. He helped me get settled in Vegas. A year after we met, he got me an audition for Jubilee! He was good to me in so many ways.
“We dated for a year and were married for five,” she said wistfully. “It was hard to walk away. We were close. I always thought we’d have a baby someday and become a real family. Now all that’s gone, because of Dave. He made me face the truth, but it hurt so much to lose everything Al and I had.
“I don’t think someone like Dave is right for me, even as a friend. Too many games, too much lying. Been there, done that. I don’t want to live through that kind of pain again.
“I’ve had enough,” she said suddenly, throwing her hands up. “Sally, please, I know you came here to do what you think is right. But now that you know a little more about my life, I’m sure you’ll agree that a guy like Dave Wyatt, if that’s even his real name, isn’t right for me.”
Sally took a deep breath, reached across the table, and patted Cindy’s hand. “It’s okay,” she said softly. “You’ve been through a lot. I can’t tell you what to do. But you don’t know Dave and I do, and I can tell you he’s a good guy who temporarily went off the deep end.”
Taking a final sip of coffee and checking her watch, Cindy said, “Look, I can’t talk about this anymore right now. How long are you in town?”
“I’m leaving the day after tomorrow,” Sally replied. “I’d love to see you again.” They made plans to meet for lunch the next day, and Cindy walked her to the elevator.
In the Bally’s lobby, Sally parked herself in a cushy chair and didn’t move for a good half hour. The conversation with Cindy was front and center in her mind. Now that they had covered all these personal, private things, she started thinking of Cindy as a friend. Her hunch about her being similar to Tricia had been right. They’d both been abandoned by their mothers at an early age, and were dependent on the kindness of strangers for any nurturing they got. Tricia’s adoptive father died when she was a year old, and Cindy’s father spent most of his time at work. And both of them were stunning blondes pursued by men who ultimately used and betrayed them.
Yes, Cindy had a lot in common with Tricia, but after their talk Sally realized that didn’t necessarily mean she should have a relationship with Dave. With all the unknowns, there was no way anyone could guarantee she wouldn’t get hurt again. And with all that had happened to Dave in recent years, and Cindy, too, maybe the prospects for either one of them finding happiness at the moment were slim to none. A feeling of helplessness and uncertainty swept over Sally as she wondered if this trip had been a big mistake.
She finally got up and ambled into a nearby gift shop to pick up some tee shirts and coffee mugs for Mike and the kids. Then she headed back to her room at Paris.
Cindy and Sally had lunch the next day, as planned. On another cool, rainy afternoon on the Strip, they met at a burger place in Paris after Cindy’s tour. She was dressed like the glamour-girl-next-door, in jeans and a pale pink beaded sweater. She looked so feminine and fair, with her long blond hair tumbling softly around her shoulders, and minimal makeup.
The mood was lighter than the day before. Over burgers and salads, they chatted a bit about the rigorous life of a showgirl: the never-ending work-outs, rehearsals, diets, fans, stalkers, and rewards. Sally told Cindy about Dave’s restaurant, the street they lived on, the neighbors, their houses. She also mentioned that she had two kids in college, and that Dave was their godfather, and had been best man at her wedding. It all sounded so warm and fuzzy, like Lupine Street was one big, happy family.
Without coming on too strong, Sally invited Cindy to come to Denver sometime for a casual weekend. She could stay at their house, or a hotel, and they would have a dinner party. If Cindy was comfortable with the idea, they would invite Dave and surprise him. It would be a fun, festive time. No pressure. Just a relaxing, laid-back evening with a nice, home-cooked meal for four.
“Thanks, Sally, but I just don’t know right now,” Cindy responded, shaking her head. “Like I said yesterday, I need some time.”
It was a friendly lunch. Cindy was a talented and special lady. Sally was glad that she had allowed her to speak so openly about Dave, and that she, in turn, had shared so much about her life. Sally and Cindy had bonded in some profound, meaningful way. Outside the restaurant, they hugged and promised to keep in touch.
The next day, a Sunday, Sally flew back to Denver. She was looking forward to seeing Mike. She hadn’t spoken to him since Friday; they’d been playing phone tag because he was so busy with work. After her talk with Cindy, and hearing about her three sad marriages, she was grateful for hers. It had been almost 30 years of wedded bliss, but also challenges. Mike and Sally had made it this far; she felt confident they would make it all the way. In spite of their problems, they loved each other. She’d never doubted that.
In all the years they’d been married, Sally hadn’t taken many trips alone, but when she did, Mike always drove her to the airport and picked her up when she came back. And so it was a disappointment to not see him waiting at DIA’s baggage claim when she arrived. But at least she was home.
A long cab ride later, she walked into a cold, silent house. Mike breezed in a couple of hours later, looking alarmingly handsome. At age 50, he was cuter than ever, with a great smile, sort of goofy, sort of debonair all at the same time; long dark hair, layered and boyishly tousled; brown eyes with a perpetual twinkle in them, and a hunky, six-foot bod that looked buff in jeans and a gray silk shirt. Sally dropped what she was doing in the kitchen and ran to him. It was good to be back in his arms.

* * * * Chapter 29 * * * *
After a romantic, sexy night with Sally, Mike left late for a meeting at work around nine the next morning.
It was a quiet Monday in mid-February 2017. Dr. Prater was still in Texas, so Sally had the week off. She was hoping to read a few novels, do some touch-up painting in Sarah’s room, and take a spa day. With all this to look forward to, she felt peaceful and relaxed as she sat at the kitchen table, munching corn flakes with milk while leafing through a magazine.
Suddenly, the phone rang. Without glancing at the caller ID, Sally picked up. It was the Brown Palace, the stately old Victorian hotel in downtown Denver, calling to inform her of a trifling detail. A black leather cell phone case had been left in her husband’s room after his stay over the weekend. Her heart sank. What stay were they talking about? Mike had worked all three days, at least that’s what he’d told her.
Suddenly stuttering and fumbling around, Sally almost told the hotel clerk that there must be some mistake, that they had the wrong Mike Dawson, or cell case, or number. But something told her to just go with it, and she managed to reply that her husband was at work, and yes, she would be over to pick up the phone case later.
As she took a shower and dressed, Sally felt anxious and confused. There was this sense of foreboding, like something terrible was about to happen. If the hotel was right, what was Mike doing at the Brown Palace, and whose cell case was it? Sally had seen Mike’s the night before on the kitchen table, so she knew it wasn’t his. It had to be another woman, it just had to be. Another woman he’d spent the weekend with at a hotel because he was afraid someone would see her at their house.
Could that be right?
No, she must be imagining all this. There had to be a logical explanation, something work-related, a meeting or event he forgot to mention. She shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Didn’t they just make love the night before? And wasn’t it the best sex they’d had in a long time? Mike had been on top of the world that morning, and so was she. So, no, that couldn’t possibly be it. It had to be something else.
Sally stumbled through the morning, every minute wanting to run to the phone to call Tricia. She also wanted to jump in her car and tear down to the Brown to find out what was going on, or crawl back into bed, hide under the covers, and not get up for a week. She didn’t know what she wanted. She was burning up inside, a bundle of nerves.
That afternoon, Sally finally drove downtown, parked her car, and walked two blocks to the hotel. Making her way to the front desk, her legs felt like jelly. Within minutes, a smiling clerk in a dark brown suit and crisp white shirt handed her a large manila envelope holding the cell case. With heavy feet, and an even heavier heart, she trudged to a cushy rose-pink velvet chair just off the lobby and sank into it.
Holding her breath, she removed the smart leather case from the envelope and turned it over. There, in glistening, gilt-edge letters embossed on the face, was the name, Stella Reed.
No, no, no, she groaned, her hands trembling, this can’t be happening. And then, suddenly, everything around her seemed to go blank. She couldn’t see, hear, or feel anything. She couldn’t talk or cry. She was on total disconnect, frozen in place for God knows how long.
Somehow, some way, she came out of the trance long enough to stand up. As she lurched forward, clutching the dreaded envelope to her chest, she could hear a piano playing close by. Afternoon tea was being served in the storied old lobby. She stepped up to the hostess stand so lightly she could barely feel her feet on the marble floor and murmured something about a table.
She would never be able to figure out how or why, but she had tea at the Brown Palace that afternoon. She must have camped at that antique, glass-topped table for at least an hour, sipping tea, nibbling scones and finger sandwiches, listening to the music and chatter of other guests, and not thinking about much of anything.
She finally got up, strode to an alcove behind the staircase, and pulled out her cell. With a determined fury, she tapped out her husband’s number. No answer. Just as well, she thought, as she left a blunt message.
“Michael, dear, I’m at the Brown Palace downtown. I picked up Stella’s cell case today. She left it in the room you two shared over the weekend. I’m shocked, but I guess I shouldn’t be. The dummy little wife is always the last to know, right?
“Oh, by the way, I’m not coming home tonight, or tomorrow either. I’ll be here a while. I don’t know how long, but don’t try to call me. And whatever you do, don’t try to see me.”
Her message was brief and direct, which would make its impact all the more devastating and hurtful. At least that’s what she was hoping. Then she hung up, turned off the cell, and headed to the front desk, where she booked a room for four nights. She told the front desk clerk where her car was. Handing him a $20 bill, she gave him the key and asked him to have it moved to their garage.
Room 1608 was elegantly Victorian, but chilly. The first thing Sally did was turn up the heat. The second was unplug the phone. Then, without removing her clothes, she crawled into bed, sank under the covers and lay there, trying to warm up. Clutching a pillow to her chest, she curled into a fetal position and closed her eyes. But she couldn’t sleep. Her heart was racing, her mind reeling. All she could think of was her and Mike making love the night before, and how perfect it had been. But what had it meant to him, she wondered, the tears now starting to flow. “Not a damn thing,” she thought.
Sally then looked back on her 29-year marriage, every detail, the good and the bad. Then she went over the last year or two, desperately seeking clues about Mike’s affair with Stella.
So many times Sally had pleaded with him to stop spending so much time with his flirty co-worker, that she was getting too close, too clingy. But Mike insisted there was nothing going on, that Stella needed him, and he wanted to be there for her. They were just good friends and co-workers, he claimed. Sally wanted to believe him, but she never quite did.
When Stella moved to Cleveland, she knew they were still in touch. With her living so far away, Sally had downgraded the danger of a dalliance from a category five to a category three. Apparently, she was wrong. The winds were still blowing strong, and the rain was still pouring down.
Stella must have flown to Denver to see Mike numerous times. All those weekends he was on mysterious fishing trips, or mountain-biking excursions, with friends. All the strange hours he kept at the lab. It was one big scam. He must’ve been holed up with Stella in some hotel room. Sally didn’t have a clue. It never even occurred to her to check up on him. Was she the naïve, trusting little wife or what?
In this jumbled state, in that hotel room bed, Sally spent the night, not sleeping and barely moving, but lying there with her heart racing, rummaging through the details of the affair, trying to figure out the timeline so she could connect the dots.
Early the next morning, as the sun was coming up, she pulled the drapes shut to block out the light, hung the “Do Not Disturb” sign on, and climbed back into bed. All that day and night, she stayed there.
The next day, the sign remained on and the phone off. The hours droned by, as she drifted in and out of sleep.
Sometime that night, there was a light tapping at the door. At first, she didn’t answer, figuring it was a mistake. But when the tapping persisted, grew into a full-fledged knock, and then threatened to become a pound, she got up and looked through the peephole. To her surprise, it wasn’t Mike, it was Dave. And he wasn’t going anywhere.
When she finally opened the door, there was a brief hug.
“Sally, I had to see you,” he blurted. “I’ve been trying to call, but the phone just rings and rings. I was scared something had happened to you. Please tell me you’re okay.”
“I’m, uh, fine,” Sally answered, backing away gently, searching Dave’s blue eyes for some clue about why he was there. “Did Mike send you?”
“No, I came on my own,” Dave replied, “even though Mike told me you were here and didn’t want to see anyone. He thinks I’m at Marigold. I won’t tell him I saw you, I promise.”
“Well, um, it’s good to see you,” Sally mumbled, rubbing her eyes and smoothing back her mussed, light-brown hair.
“Mike told me what happened,” Dave went on, almost breathlessly and somewhat embarrassed. “He’s pretty upset. He’s been trying to call, but he can’t get through. You look so pale and thin. Have you been eating? It’s dark in here, I’ll turn on a light. My God, when was the last time you ate?”
“I, uh, don’t know,” Sally told him, shaking her head. “I had some stuff from the mini-bar. What did Mike say? He’s having an affair with Stella, isn’t he?” she asked, scanning Dave’s eyes for confirmation, but hoping he’d deny it.
“Um, yes,” Dave nodded. “They’ve apparently been involved for a while, since last year when she came back to sell her house. Mike told me they had dinner one night and she drank too much, so he drove her back to her hotel. She begged him to stay because she didn’t want to be alone. That’s when it started. I’m sorry, Sally, I didn’t know. I swear.
“I feel kind of responsible for this,” he tried to explain. “You wanted me to get together with Stella, so you had us over. We started going out, and it was going great until the babysitter thing. Her kids got taken away, and she blamed me. It was crazy. She refused to see me, or even talk to me. Then she turned to Mike, and one thing led to another,” he said, his voice trailing off.
“Dave, this isn’t your fault, Mike’s a big boy. He makes his own decisions. Stella threw herself at him. He could only resist for so long, then he caved. This has nothing to do with you,” she said firmly.
“We both know what a flirt Mike is,” Sally added, throwing her hands up. “If it hadn’t been Stella, it would have been someone else.”
Dave nodded again, but didn’t say anything.
“So, what have you been doing the last two days?” he asked awkwardly, trying to change the subject.
“Not much. Just lying here thinking about Mike and me, Mike and her, what I did right, what I did wrong, and how and when it all started.”
“Sounds familiar,” Dave admitted. “That’s what I did when Tricia died and I found out about her and Daggett. You keep trying to find some answer, some way to make sense of it all, but you never quite do.
“Maybe a change of scenery would help?” he asked, brightening a bit. “Do you want to have dinner? There are lots of good places around here. Come on, you need to eat. You’ve always been there for me, Sally. I want to be here for you, too. Let’s go someplace nice.”
“Um, no, I can’t go out looking like this,” she replied, glancing down at her rumpled sweater and jeans. “I haven’t had a shower or anything. Maybe room service.”
While Dave ordered, she ambled into the bathroom, peeked in the mirror, and gasped. Aside from the dark circles under her eyes, she looked pale and washed out. In a flurry, she set about trying to make herself more presentable with any make-up she could dig out of her purse.
Over prime rib and mashed potatoes, they talked about lots of things. Mike and her. Tricia and him. How all marriages have their ups and downs. How people fall in and out of love. They even talked a little about Cindy, but Sally didn’t say anything about her recent trip to Vegas. At that point, she had no idea if Cindy would give him a second chance or not, and she didn’t want him to be disappointed again if she didn’t.
After dinner, Dave went to Marigold to close up for the night, and Sally watched a movie on a cable channel. Oddly enough, it was You’ve Got Mail with Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, which was kind of funny because it’s about a couple who meet and fall in love through e-mail.
In her hotel-room bed, Sally spent another fitful night and woke up feeling lost and lonely. The gloom was beginning to set in again. She didn’t want to think about Mike and Stella, or spend the day in bed. So she took a long, hot shower and re-dressed in the same jeans and sweater she’d been wearing for a few days. After she dried her hair and dabbed on some make-up, she threw her white ski jacket on, took the “Do Not Disturb” sign off, and headed for the lobby.
Outside the regal old Victorian fortress, all was well with the world. It was 20 degrees, but the sun was shining. A light dusting of snow was glistening in the mid-morning light, and the air was fresh and crisp. Sally spent a few hours shopping for a change of clothes and cosmetics, all charged to Mike’s credit card.
That night, Dave showed up again. He and Sally went to an Italian bistro near the hotel and savored another delicious dinner. His friendship during those dark days meant everything to her. She would always be grateful.

* * * * Chapter 30 * * * *
Four days at the Brown Palace had revitalized Sally. She was ready to go home and face the music. But the closer she got to Lupine Street, the more her hands shook on the steering wheel. She knew there would be a nasty scene with Mike, and she wasn’t looking forward to it.
When she walked in the front door that frigid Friday afternoon, he tried to hold her, but she pushed him away.
“Sally, I’ve been worried about you,” he said, staring into her blue eyes, clouded with doubts. “You didn’t want to see me. You wouldn’t take my calls. I finally talked to someone at the front desk and they told me you were out, so I knew you were okay. I haven’t said anything to the kids. I’m hoping we can work this out before they come home for spring break, and everything will go back to normal. I’ve missed you so much.”
“Mike, really, spare me,” Sally shot back, rolling her eyes as she breezed by him. “There is no ‘normal’ anymore. I’m fine. It took a few days, but I’m okay.”
Plopping her purse on the dining room table, Sally reached inside and fished out the hotel bill and other receipts. The grand total was $2,200, every penny of it charged to Mike’s Visa. Tossing the slips of paper at him, she smiled and said smugly, “Cheating on your wife can be expensive, huh?”
Flinching, he took a deep breath.
“I wish you would’ve called me or come home and we could have talked. I’m sorry about this whole thing, and especially for the way you found out,” he said, scanning the receipts that had fallen on the floor.
“Why don’t you try being sorry about what you did, and what you’ve been doing, with Stella, instead of the way I found out?” Sally snapped.
“I’m sorry about all of it,” Mike said sheepishly. “I’m sorry that Stella and I got close and fell into something neither one of us planned. We were friends and co-workers for a long time. We understand each other. She needs me.
“You know how it is with guys. We get these crazy impulses, and things somehow spin out of control. We weren’t trying to hurt you. Neither one of us wanted that. I just wish you had come home the day you picked up the cell case so we could have talked.”
“Why? What was there to say?” Sally asked, throwing her hands up. “I already know everything. You and Stella have been having an affair for at least a year, right? You have feelings for each other, right? You have no intentions of stopping your little fling, and neither does she, right? And you’re hoping I’ll calm down and get used to it, right? Well, wrong, wrong, wrong. I won’t get used to it! And in the meantime, I’m going to make your life hell. Consider yourself warned!”
“Sally, please don’t talk like that, like we’re enemies. We’ve been married 29 years. I love you, always have, always will. You know that!”
“Yeah, I know,” she lashed out. “You love good old Sally, but you’re not about to give up your trampy little girlfriend, are you? You love her, too, don’t you? I can feel it. You love her. Answer me, you bastard, answer me!” she shrieked.
“I, uh, don’t know how I feel,” Mike stammered, looking down. “I just don’t know.”
“What a pathetic pussy answer!” Sally sneered. “Sounds like yes to me.”
“Sally, I love you and the kids. We’re a family. We belong together. Think of Ryan and Sarah and what our breaking up would do to them. They’re in college; this is a tough time for them. They’re just finding out who they are. They believe in us and our marriage. Why take away their security now?”
“Why didn’t you think of their security before you jumped into bed with that tramp?” Sally fired back. “Why am I supposed to think about the kids and our marriage when you don’t?
“I don’t know where we’re going from here, but you better clear your stuff out of the bedroom and move it downstairs to the guest room. As of now, we’re no longer sleeping together.
“I will never forgive you for continuing to have sex with me while you were screwing her,” Sally went on, her temper at fever pitch and building. “I’ve worked for one of the top OB/GYNs in Denver for 10 years, and I’ve heard a million horror stories about the STDs and viruses men pass to their wives from their slutty girlfriends. God only knows what strains Stella’s walking around with!
“How could you expose me to that, you bastard? You goddamn son of a bitch, I hate you! You betrayed me, emotionally and physically, and put me at risk for God knows what kind of STD or HPV. What if I end up with cervical cancer someday?
“As soon as Dr. Prater gets back from Texas, I’m having a pap smear, and a follow-up in three months, just to be sure. You’re a walking health hazard,” Sally ranted on. “You’re destroying my life and everything that’s important to me, and you have the nerve to stand there and ask me to think of our family. As if I’m the one destroying it!
“You pathetic excuse for a man, get your things out of my room and move them to the basement right now. You’re out of my bed. Our marriage, as we knew it, is over. I don’t know what we have now,” Sally screamed, red-faced and livid. “It’s not a marriage and it’s not a friendship. My friends don’t lie to me and cheat!”
“Sally, you don’t have to worry about STDs,” Mike replied lamely. “Stella’s not sleeping around. Please calm down. You’re getting hysterical. It’s just an affair. Lots of marriages survive these things and go on to be even stronger. These little diversions often go away on their own. I’ll try to break it off, I promise.”
“Little diversions? You’ll try to break it off? Oh, how big of you,” Sally fumed.
“Mike, you’re such a liar. You’ve been lying for so long, you don’t even remember how to tell the truth. All those weekends at work and the long hours. You were with her, weren’t you? When she came up here to sell her house, you were with her then, too, right? And all those mountain-biking trips to Vail with friends? That was bullshit, wasn’t it?
“I was so busy worrying about Dave and Cindy, and running off to Vegas and Chicago, as a favor to you, by the way, that you ended up with too much free time. And she threw herself at you. Stella’s been throwing herself at you for years.
“You bastard!” Sally went on, seething with rage, “How could you have sex with me the night I got back from Vegas after spending the weekend with her? Tell me, dammit, how could you? Why didn’t you just tell me the truth, like a decent, responsible human being, instead of getting into bed with me and pretending everything was alright?”
“Sally, I’m sorry, I was weak,” Mike cried. “I guess I did resent all the time you spent worrying about Tricia, Dave, Cindy, and the trips. Maybe I got a little lonely, a little jealous. Maybe I needed some attention, too. You know, ever since Tricia died, you haven’t been the same. You used to be happier and more content with our life. But after Tricia died, you weren’t really there anymore.
“Something about you changed,” he continued. “It was normal grief, but it went beyond that, like part of you died, too, the young, carefree part. It was like I didn’t know you anymore. I didn’t know how to talk to you. No matter what I said or did, it wasn’t enough. I could never make you happy. You were constantly criticizing me. The nonstop carping wore me down.
“Stella is the way you used to be, warm, fun, and into things, wanting to have a good time and live her life instead of hiding under a shroud of grief.”
Sally sighed and rolled her eyes.
“So now I owe you an apology for how I reacted to my best friend’s death? Yes, I’m sure I’ve changed, but that’s no excuse for what you did. Sorry, Mikey, it’s not going to work.
“Poor Mikey! Your wife’s best friend died, and suddenly she’s not as much fun. Not really there anymore. You fucking idiot! I don’t need to hear this shit.
“Move your stuff downstairs. Now! We can live in the same house and be a family when the kids are around, but aside from that, you and I are separated. I don’t believe you’ll give her up, and she sure as hell isn’t going to give you up. So I’m the one who’s being pushed aside. The pathetic, old-bag-wife of 29 years is being pushed aside for the 35-year-old tramp who reminds you of the way she used to be. How sweet! I’m so flattered!”
“Come on Sally! If you would just listen to me for once and stop twisting everything around, we might have a chance to get back to the way we used to be. You know what I mean. You used to laugh more. You used to want to go to the movies, the mountains, out to dinner. It has nothing to do with Stella’s age. It has to do with her attitude. She’s more open, adventurous. She laughs at my jokes, and looks up to me the way you used to. She’s all the things you used to be.”
“Oh, she reminds you of the way I used to be? That makes me feel so much better, you lying, cheating, two-timing son of a bitch,” Sally raged.
“Get your things out of my room now, goddammit! And stay the hell away from me. We can co-parent the kids and take care of this house, but that’s it. I don’t trust you. I don’t believe you. I don’t even know you anymore!”
“Okay!” he finally said, throwing his hands up. “I know what you’re like when you get like this. I’ll move some things downstairs, but you’re crazy if you think the kids won’t see through this.”
“Well, make sure they don’t,” she shot back. “You’re the expert at faking it and lying, so make sure they don’t. They’re all that matters now. We promised to put them through college, and we will. You can tell them you’re sleeping in the guest room because the mattress is better for your back. When they come home for spring break, tell them that, and make it convincing. Your skills as a liar are first-rate. Your performance in bed last Sunday could win an Oscar!”
Mike closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He shook his head in that little-boy-lost way of his and pleaded once more, “Come on, Sal,” as he reached out. Backing away, she shook her head.
“No!” she snarled. “Don’t even think about it. Just do what I asked and move your stuff.”
By that night, Mike was halfway settled in the basement guest room. A few weeks later when the kids came home, he gave them a spiel. They were so happy to see their parents, they didn’t think twice. The four of them went out for pizza, and it was almost like old times as they burbled on about college life. For a fleeting moment, It was great to have all four Dawsons back together again.
So that’s how things went down when Sally found out about Mike and Stella. They were still living together, but separately. It was a temporary state, of course, until they could figure out where they were going.
The new arrangement worked, most of the time. But it was painful. It hurt like hell for Sally to know that the man she loved had fallen in love with another woman. It hurt like hell to not be able to turn to Mike for love, companionship, and sex. But Sally couldn’t do it, because she knew things weren’t the same on his end.
In some small way she still loved Mike, but she hated him, too.

* * * * Chapter 31 * * * *
By the spring of 2017, Mike’s affair with the flame-haired vixen in Cleveland was still going strong. Day in, day out, they talked, e-mailed, texted and sexted. She was in and out of Denver, so he spent some nights and weekends with her at a hotel. Talk about awkward.
Sally tried to pretend Stella didn’t exist, but the whole situation was starting to make her sick. Maybe Mike was in love with this waif-goddess-whore, maybe he wasn’t. Where was it going? Should she divorce him? But why? It would wreck both of them financially. They still had two kids to put through college, and what about the house?
The nagging questions wouldn’t stop, and Sally was at a loss to answer them. She didn’t know how she was going to cope and it gnawed at her. The headaches, stomach pains, and heartburn she’d endured for months after Tricia died came back with a vengeance. But she had to get on with her life. She couldn’t just fall apart, or retreat to a room at the Brown Palace for a week because Mike wanted another woman. She had responsibilities. Day in, day out, she needed to press on and build a new life for herself and her kids. That’s what kept her going.
With Mike and Sally now unofficially separated, things became a bit awkward for Dave. He liked them both, but he couldn’t see them together anymore, so he had to come up with ways to see Sally on her own. When he was going to be downtown, he would call her at work and they would meet for lunch or coffee. It was a brief, but relaxing, escape. They would talk about everything but Mike, and only once in a while did Dave bring up Cindy. He’d given up trying to contact her, but still thought about her all the time and was full of regrets about the way things turned out.
“If I could just go back,” he would tell Sally as he stared wistfully into his coffee, “I never would have hired those two playboy con-artists, or gone after Cindy myself. But then I never would have met her.”
Dave still didn’t know that Sally had gone to Vegas to try to get Cindy to change her mind, and Sally planned on keeping it that way. She didn’t know what Cindy was going to do, and she thought it would worsen Dave’s pain and make him regret things even more if he knew she had asked Cindy to give him a second chance and she still wouldn’t relent.
Cindy and Sally e-mailed each other every couple of weeks. Warm, pleasant hellos, with a few details about what was going on in their lives. Cindy would ask about Dave in the most subtle, roundabout ways, and Sally would offer up a tidbit or two. Cindy was obviously still interested in him, but she kept it low-key and casual.
When Ryan and Sarah were home from college, Dave and Sally would sometimes take them hiking in the foothills around Bailey or Conifer. The four of them also spent a couple of weekends riding bikes on Brush Creek Trail in Snowmass. Back in Denver, they often had dinner at Marigold.
With Tricia and Austin gone, the family bonding helped Dave, and it was good for Sally and the kids, too. They all looked forward to their time with Uncle Dave. He was different from the way he had been when Tricia was alive. All the problems and pain he’d endured had made him a warmer, mellower, more compassionate person.
As Dave took on the role of surrogate father to Ryan and Sarah, Mike became increasingly distant and remote towards his kids. He was busy with his own life, working and spending every available minute with Stella. She would fly to Denver for a weekend of torrid sex in some hotel room, or he would run off to Cleveland to camp at her condo. He even flew there to surprise her on her birthday, which really hurt Sally since he never failed to forget hers. That weekend, Dave and Sally took the kids hiking in Boulder. Anything to keep them busy and distracted, and from asking too many questions.
By now, the kids must have worried that their family was breaking up, or on the verge of it. But they didn’t want to upset their mother, so they kept their feelings to themselves. Don’t ask, don’t tell was fast becoming the mantra of the Dawson household. What a difference a year makes.

* * * * Chapter 32 * * * *
That entire year, Mike and Stella kept things going with a steady patter of e-mails, phone calls, text messages, and visits. Sally watched it all from the sidelines, hating it but not knowing what to do. So she did nothing. What was the point? She didn’t want Mike if he wanted Stella, and obviously he did.
In December 2017, Sally learned from a patient of Dr. Prater’s that Stella would be in Denver for the next six months subbing at the lab for a technician who was going on maternity leave. Though she smiled and nodded politely, it depressed the hell out of her. Her new arrangement with Mike seemed to be working, but then something like this would happen and she’d be lost. There was no instruction booklet for what they were doing. They were making it up as they went along, and sometimes no one had a clue.
Christmas 2017 was very strange. Mike spent the morning with Sally, Ryan, and Sarah, and the rest of the day with Stella and her friends. Dave knew about it, so he asked Sally and the kids to join him for dinner at Marigold. While he took care of kitchen glitches and greeted customers, the family sat in a red vinyl booth eating roast turkey and ham with all the trimmings. The atmosphere was festive, with a towering tree, nonstop carols, and rushing waiters dressed like elves. Everyone managed to have a joyous day, despite the circumstances.
New Year’s Eve was sort of a repeat. The Dawsons always did something together, but someone at the lab was having a party and Mike wanted to go with Stella. He told Sally point-blank, “I have plans for tonight. Hope you’re okay with that.” She looked at him, rolled her eyes, and replied, “Whatever, Mike. Who cares?”
He fell for her act, but truth be told, Sally was miserable. And both the kids had plans, too. But then Dave called and rescued her again with another invitation for dinner at Marigold. He said he needed her opinion on the new roasted lemon-chicken entrée.
Marigold was all aglow with holiday glitter. Sally sat alone in a booth, but the people-watching was prime and the lemon-chicken was pretty good, too. At midnight, Dave wandered over and sat beside her. As the clock struck 12, he turned to her and whispered, “Happy New Year, Sally. You’re the reason I got through this year. I don’t know what I would have done without you.”
She smiled and nodded because she felt the same way. They kissed sweetly, casually. It was midnight and the thing to do.
“Oh Dave, thanks,” she murmured. “With all the things going on with Mike lately, it’s been great having you in my life, and the kids’, too.”
He smiled and held her hand for a moment. Then he ordered another glass of wine for her and a slice of ginger cake. It was just like Christmas.
The following month, Cindy e-mailed Sally to wish her a Happy New Year and to let her know she was coming to Denver in February for a Valentine’s Day wedding. One of the Jubilee! dancers, a Denver native named Kandy Kramer, was getting married at the Hotel Colorado in Glenwood Springs, a picturesque old mountain town near Aspen, and Cindy would be one of eight stunning bridesmaids.
“Kandy’s brother is a ski instructor on Buttermilk Mountain,” Cindy wrote excitedly, “and he’s offering free lessons, but our company manager warned everyone to stay off the slopes so we don’t come back with anything broken!”
Before taking the train up to Glenwood, the bridesmaids were gathering in Denver for a round of parties and dinners, and Cindy wanted to know if they could get together. She also mentioned Dave, wondering if maybe she could see him, too, “just to say hi.” She said that after mulling it over, she thought it would be nice to meet him again under more normal circumstances, and this seemed the perfect time.
Sally was thrilled to hear from her, but surprised that she wanted to see Dave. Something about him had obviously appealed to her, or she wouldn’t still be interested. Sally wrote back right away and said yes, she’d love to see her and get everyone together for a casual dinner at her house. She told Cindy it would be a surprise for Dave, a very happy one, but there was no pressure. She should spend as much time as she wanted with the wedding group, and then squeeze in the Sally-Mike-Dave dinner when she could.
Because the Dawsons were living together, but separately, Sally wasn’t sure if Mike would want to attend the dinner. But when she asked him, he immediately said yes, and even offered to co-host. She shuddered at the thought of the two of them playing a happily married couple, but took him up on it. His appetizer trays were killer, and when it came to bartending, nobody did it better.
The next four weeks flew by. Mike and Sally kept Cindy’s visit a secret. They often had Dave over for dinner on weekends, so he didn’t suspect a thing when they issued an invitation for a Saturday night.
Cindy arrived on a blustery morning in early February. From the airport, she cabbed it to the Hyatt downtown. It was her first visit to Denver, and she was eager to see the sights. Before she unpacked, she took a leisurely stroll up and down the 16th Street Mall, and then around the white-granite, gold-domed capitol that is modeled after the one in Washington.
Later that afternoon, while Mike kept an eye on dinner and set up the bar, Sally drove downtown to meet Cindy at the hotel. After a warm, girly hug, she marveled at how beautiful the pale, blond showgirl looked.
Under a pretty, cream-colored coat, she wore a red V-neck dress accessorized with gold jewelry. Her body looked flawless, and so did her face and hair. On the way to Sally’s car, they made small talk, and Sally couldn’t resist asking why she’d changed her mind about seeing Dave again.
“Once I got over the shock of what he told me about Al, and realized it was all true,” she answered, “I kind of admired him for being honest with me. That’s more than I got from Al in five years of marriage.”
Sally nodded and said softly, “I’m sorry you had to go through another divorce. I know it hasn’t been easy for you.”
“Oh, well,” Cindy sighed, glancing downward, “Like Hattie, the lady who raised me, used to say, ‘live and learn.’”
“I second that emotion,” Sally said, smiling vaguely as they climbed into her cluttered SUV. At that moment, she so wanted to turn to Cindy in the front seat and confide what was going on in her own mess of a marriage. But quite frankly, it was too embarrassing, and she didn’t have the heart. Cindy had come to town for a festive, romantic wedding in the Rockies, and she was about to meet Mike for the first time. Sally thought it would make her uncomfortable to hear they were separated, so she decided to stay mum.
On the way to Chez Dawson, Sally gave Cindy a mini-tour, pointing out the imposing civic plaza and new justice center, the Denver Mint, and a few other local landmarks. Then they turned into the golden triangle and passed Dave’s restaurant. Sally could tell Cindy was impressed. The parking lot was full, with a steady stream of cars cruising in and out on a busy Saturday afternoon. She mentioned that Marigold had just been named the top diner in Denver for the third year in a row by the Daily-Gazette, the most influential paper in town.
By the time they pulled into the Dawsons’ driveway, the sun was setting beyond a rim of distant, glorious, snow-capped Rockies. The minute the two girlfriends walked in the door, Mike, who had been most impressed with Cindy’s performance in Jubilee!, was all over her. Rolling her eyes, Sally just stood by, relieved and thinking to herself: he’s Stella’s problem now.
With a wine glass nestled in her pretty pink hand, Cindy leaned against a kitchen counter and burbled on about bridal party activities while Sally tossed the salad and stirred the rice.
At 7:30, the doorbell rang. In walked Dave with a bottle of Cabernet tucked under his arm. He cut a handsome figure in a black leather jacket, gray turtleneck, and jeans. When Cindy ambled out of the kitchen toting a large, wooden salad bowl that she nonchalantly placed in the center of the table, he was floored. His face lit up with a wide smile. He looked at her, and then over at Mike and Sally, and cried, “I don’t believe it! How did you get here? My God, Mike, Sally, how did you pull this off?”
Everyone laughed as Dave and Cindy veered towards each other awkwardly, like two high-school kids at their first dance, and shared a brief hug and kiss. Goofy grins were splashed across both their faces. The months of tense stand-offs, ignored e-mails, and unreturned phone calls all seemed to fade as Cindy chattered on excitedly about Sally’s recent visit to Vegas, and the upcoming wedding in Glenwood.
A few minutes later, over drinks and appetizers in the living room, Mike stood up, held out his wine glass, and toasted the guests, “To Dave and Cindy, together at last!” Any signs of tension vanished as everyone laughed again.
It was the start of a really enjoyable night, despite the fact that this foursome had been brought together by some rather strange and tragic events. As they dug into apricot-glazed Cornish game hens with jasmine rice, Dave and Cindy gazed into each other’s’ eyes, talked softly, and never stopped smiling. Mike and Sally were clearly on the sidelines that night. Sally felt a bit wistful thinking of Tricia, but there was also this wonderful, seductive feeling of a fairytale coming true.
Later, in the kitchen, as Cindy helped with coffee and dessert, she leaned in and whispered to Sally, “I’m so glad I came. Dave seems so different from the way he was in Vegas. Now that he’s not pretending to be someone else, he’s more fun and relaxed.”
Sally nodded and added, “Like I told you, he’s a nice, normal guy who went through a really dark time. But that’s all in the past.”
True enough. A year and a half had passed since Dave and Cindy’s “confession lunch” at Paris, and she no longer blamed him for the break-up of her marriage. In some strange, ironic way, she was grateful to him for finally opening her eyes to Al’s deceitful, womanizing ways. She had also reached an understanding about the tragic events and flawed logic that had led to Dave’s tawdry revenge scheme. With all of this firmly behind her, Cindy was ready to move on, to forgive and forget and take a second look at Dave. And she obviously liked what she saw.
After dinner, Dave insisted on driving the glamorous guest of honor back to her hotel. As they walked out the door, Sally was thinking what a cruel twist it was that the marriage of the person who had brought them together was now falling apart.
That night, Dave and Cindy had drinks in a cozy little bar on Larimer Street in downtown Denver. The next day, a cold, bright, mid-winter Sunday, Sally called Cindy at 9 AM and offered to show her around town. But Dave had beaten her to the punch and was already on his way.
He and Cindy spent the day racing about in his black Range Rover, taking in the sights from the sprawling Denver Center For The Performing Arts, to the elegantly rustic Broadmoor Hotel down in Colorado Springs. But it’s doubtful that either of them saw much since they couldn’t keep their eyes off each other. That night, Dave was Cindy’s date at a raucous bridesmaids’ party at a trendy bar in downtown Denver.
On Monday, the giddy twosome recovered long enough to visit a couple of art museums. Mid-day, they strolled arm-in-arm into Marigold, where they retreated to a corner booth for a long, intimate lunch. That night they had dinner at a downtown bistro, and went to the theater.
On Tuesday, the whirlwind continued, with a luncheon at the Denver Country Club and parties at the homes of two bridesmaids. Dave was Cindy’s escort throughout, which was amazing since these sorts of activities weren’t his cup of tea.
But Dave’s three-day social blitz wasn’t the biggest surprise of that week. When Cindy boarded the California Zephyr train for Glenwood Springs on Wednesday morning, she wasn’t alone. Dave was with her! Sally’s jaw dropped when Mike told her. She had no idea what happened at the Hotel Colorado in Glenwood as Valentine’s Day approached, but Mike also reported that Dave sounded like he was having the time of his life when he called to touch base. And it wasn’t the dips in the Glenwood Hot Springs Pool, or the chairlift rides up Sunlight Mountain. It was Cindy. He was falling head over heels for the stunning showgirl.
For Sally, it felt sort of strange, but also rewarding. She was gratified that her Cupid instincts were still spot on, but she also felt a bit jealous that Cindy would now be the one Dave spent time with and paid attention to. She was glad they were finally together, but uncertain about how it would affect her own friendship with him.
Whatever took place on the Western Slope, Dave was a changed man when he got back to Denver. In between wedding-related events, he and Cindy had talked out all their issues: his ill-fated marriage, her difficult divorce, Austin’s death and its terrible aftermath of confusion and revenge, as well as all that had happened in 2017, the year they weren’t speaking. As they fell more in love, all of this seemed less a series of tragic, traumatic events, and more a twisted, tortuous path that had finally led to a happy, romantic conclusion. Love had somehow conquered all.
Dave even looked different after four days with Cindy in Glenwood. His hair seemed blonder, his body more buff, his eyes bluer, his clothes more stylish. He was also more aware of, and interested in, the people around him. Revenge of any sort was the last thing on his mind. It was an inside-out, head-to-toe “love makeover.”
When Cindy got back to Vegas, she sent a lovely thank-you note to Sally, describing the wedding, which sounded fabulous, with horse-drawn carriages ferrying the bridal party to and from the reception. After that, Sally and Cindy maintained closer contact with each other, and talked or e-mailed every week.
Dave’s name came up a lot. Cindy seemed as crazy about him as he was about her. All her doubts about him, the anger, fear and distrust, melted away as she got to know him. Once she saw Dave in his own world, his house, his restaurant, his friends, she had more of a sense of who he truly was, and what he had to offer.
It was a refreshing change for her. Not only was Dave attractive and fun to be with, but also calm, stable, and dependable, a combination of traits rarely found in the guys she met in Vegas. And he loved the unique blend of glamour, sweetness, and a down-to-earth quality that Cindy possessed.
So began the romance between Dave and Cindy. They were equally infatuated, and seemed to want the same thing, a solid, secure relationship that would ultimately lead to marriage and kids. Dave had lost Austin and the opportunity to be a father to Kayley’s son, or a grandfather to Austin and Sarah’s baby. He longed for a daughter or another son. Cindy was a long-distance stepmom with limited access to Al’s kids. She desperately wanted a baby of her own. She was in her mid 30s now, and had already survived three marriages. Her biological clock was ticking. It was one of those rare, serendipitous moments when two people want the same thing at the same time.
Sally was happy for both of them. Her marriage to Mike, meanwhile, was going nowhere fast. They were still living under the same roof and co-parenting their kids, but the husband-wife part of their relationship was in ruins. Bottom line, they were a long-time married couple who now functioned as a disconnected brother and sister. The only good thing was that they weren’t fighting as much.
Mike was still involved with Stella, who was still on a six-month job assignment in Denver. Sally had no idea what would happen, but she didn’t worry about it as much. For the moment, there was no one she wanted to date. Dave was the only man she had spent time with, and that was more of a warm and fuzzy friendship. Now that he was involved with Cindy, she saw less and less of him. It was bittersweet, but what could she do?

* * * * Chapter 33 * * * *
In March 2018, Dave flew to Vegas to see Cindy. Night after night, he sat in on Jubilee!, transfixed by her beauty, glamour, and talent. Their dinners afterward were a culinary delight, as Cindy introduced him to her favorite Strip eateries and some of her friends. On her days off, Dave took her to see Celine Dion’s hot show, My Heart Will Go On, at Caesar’s, and the spectacular Beatles’ blow-out, Love, at Mirage.
When Dave got back to Denver, he seemed happier than ever. Over coffee at Sally’s, later that week, she asked him where he thought the relationship was heading.
“Well,” he replied, taking a reflective sip of Kona Blend, “we both want a home and kids, so it could become permanent someday. We’ll see.
“We have some major things to work out, like where to live. Cindy loves Vegas and her job in the show, and I love Denver. My parents and friends are here, and Marigold’s doing better than ever. I don’t know how it’s all going to shake out.”
As they sat there taking it all in, Sally was stunned at how fast things were moving. And the pace only accelerated as Dave spent more and more time in Sin City. His monthly visits were a blitz of fun activities. He and Cindy saw shows, dined in gourmet restaurants, and hiked and rode horses in Red Rock Canyon. They even made it back to Cindy’s hometown, Fargo, for a long weekend, and spent time in San Diego.
Cindy also visited Denver whenever she could. In June 2018, Dave drove her to Aspen for the exciting Food and Wine Classic. For three days, they sampled gourmet cuisine, mingled with celebrity chefs, and sipped vintage wines. In July, they went hiking in Vail and rode the narrow-gauge train from Durango to Silverton. Back in Denver, they attended the theater and hung out at the Clocktower, listening to jazz sung by sultry Denver local, Lannie Garrett.
Sally sometimes saw Cindy when she came to town. She would drop by to say hi while Dave was taking care of business at Marigold. Perched at Sally’s kitchen table, the radiant showgirl would sip coffee and nibble homemade apple cake while they chatted. There was something so special about her. The girl next door, but more glamorous, and in incredible shape. Just looking at her made you feel better.
Cindy adored kids, animals, and all things domestic, which kind of surprised Sally. She would wander around the Dawsons’ house, chirping excitedly about their living-room furniture, or their china and dining-room set. Sally kind of ignored all that stuff, but Cindy reveled in it and made all sorts of comments and suggestions that were spot on.
One afternoon while they were having tea and cookies in the dining room, Cindy was admiring Sally’s mom’s antique china cabinet. Running her pale, slender hand over the nubby wood, she remarked that she had only seen one other like it, at Joe and Pam Daggett’s house in Evanston. It had been a while since Sally had heard those names.
“Really,” she said, jolting to attention and leaning in. “Do you, uh, know the Daggetts very well?”
“Al was very close to Joe, but I was more of an acquaintance,” she answered, gently shaking her head. “We visited Chicago right after we got married, and then every summer till we got divorced. Dinner at the Daggett’s was always a highlight. They had an amazing house, a 100-year-old red-brick mansion with white-wood trim. Very traditional and colonial.
“Pam’s housekeeper cooked great food. Pam was a decent hostess, but kind of stuck up. I don’t think she liked Al very much, but she was always polite to me.”
“So, uh, how are the Daggetts doing after their divorce?” Sally asked, pouring coffee refills and nudging a plate of warm cookies Cindy’s way.
“Well, Pam and the kids are doing fine,” she replied, breaking off a chunk of oatmeal raisin. “But Joe has had a rough time of it. He couldn’t get a teaching job in Evanston or Chicago after his father-in-law fired him, so he ended up moving to Kokomo, Indiana, where his brother lives.
“He tried to get a teaching position at a community college there. I think he told Al there were no openings. He finally got a job selling appliances at Sears, but he’s still trying to get on at the college.”
“Is he, uh, dating anyone?” Sally couldn’t resist asking.
“I think he’s seeing a few people,” Cindy remarked vaguely, “but I don’t have the details. He was pretty well off all those years he was married to Pam, but money’s tight now. A couple of credit agencies were after him the last time I heard, and the hotel he was staying at after Pam threw him out was trying to attach his car. I never heard what came of all that. Al knows more. They’re still like brothers.”
“Oh,” Sally’s ears perked up again. “How is your ex-husband doing?”
Cindy shrugged.
“He’s living in Mississippi,” she said, taking a deep breath. “After the divorce, the loan sharks in Vegas got more aggressive and threatened his life. Those guys are vicious; they play for keeps. And the Nevada Gaming Commission was after him, too. It got to the point where he feared for his life and bought a gun. That really scared me—he has a bad temper.
“His own lawyer finally told him to get out of town. So he snuck out in the middle of the night. After loading his SUV with everything he could, he drove cross-country to Biloxi. He has a friend there who’s a pit boss at Beau Rivage, a big, flashy casino on the Gulf. He gave Al a job dealing blackjack. It’s better than nothing, but when I talk to him, I can tell he’s not happy. Biloxi’s nice, but it doesn’t have the glamour or pizzazz of Vegas.
“Plus he’s bitter about the divorce. He’s told me many times it wrecked his life. I don’t know if that’s true or not, but things sure have been on a downward spiral for him the last couple of years.”
Sally agreed and quickly changed the subject. Discussing Al was beginning to make Cindy uncomfortable, so Sally remarked that, all things considered, everything was working out well for her.
The pretty blond showgirl nodded.
“Yes, it’s been a win-win. I got rid of Al the louse, and met Dave. We got off to a rocky start, but we’re happy now, and we owe it all to you.”
Smiling, Sally thanked Cindy for the updates. Then she thought of Dave. His revenge plots for the “scoundrels” were disturbing and over-the-top, but at the end of the day they had worked. Both Joe and Al’s marriages had crumbled, and their jobs had been lost. Dave, meanwhile, had ended up with Cindy, and his restaurant was thriving. He seemed headed for a happy ending.
All’s well that ends well, right?
Well, yes, and no. Sally was happy about Dave’s blossoming relationship with Cindy. But she also missed him. All she seemed to do was miss people. First Tricia, then Austin, then her husband, now Dave. She was 57 years old, and surrounded by people, but terribly alone. She sometimes thought of that Patsy Cline song, “She’s Got You.” Stella had Mike. Cindy had Dave. Who did she have?

* * * * Chapter 34 * * * *
Sally was amazed by the number of trips Dave and Cindy made between Denver and Vegas in 2018. All that traveling must have been exhausting, she thought, not to mention expensive. They obviously loved being together, plus they were racking up tons of frequent flyer points. But where was it going, she sometimes wondered?
She got her answer in early 2019 when Dave bounded into her kitchen one Tuesday morning, unannounced, and spilled the news that she was dreading: he was going to marry Cindy and move to Vegas.
Sally had been standing at her stove, about to flip some pancakes, but before she could grab a spatula or utter a word, Dave swept her up in a giddy victory hug.
With a shy laugh, she backed away and stared at her freshly showered neighbor, his damp, sandy-brown hair looking sexy and tousled, his blue eyes, alert and sparkling.
“Oh, Dave, that’s wonderful,” she said, trying to sound upbeat while her heart sank. “Congratulations! When did all this happen?”
“Over the weekend, in Vegas,” he answered, grinning ear-to-ear. “On Saturday night, Cindy and I had dinner after the show at a French place in Caesar’s, and I popped the question over a bottle of champagne.
“She was totally surprised, but said yes, thank God. We picked out a ring in a jewelry store at the Forum Shops the next day. It’s a two-carat, square-cut solitaire. They’re sizing it for her, but she’s wearing a fake from the show till it’s ready.”
With a strained smile, Sally nodded, poured Dave some coffee, and offered him some hot pancakes fresh from the skillet. Taking her up on it, he yanked his red ski jacket off, revealing the rumpled plaid shirt and jeans he’d thrown on in a hurry that morning. Pulling up a chair, he plopped down at the table and spilled more details.
First off, Cindy would continue dancing in Jubilee!, and he was going to hang onto Marigold. His partner would handle the day-to-day managing. Dave was also thinking of opening a place in a mall on Tropicana, just down the road from the Strip. He was convinced there was strong profit potential because of a nearby casino and multi-plex movie theater.
“What will you do with your house?” Sally asked.
“Rent it, for now. I’ll put most of my stuff, and Tricia and Randy’s, too, in storage, and move some things to Cindy’s apartment. We both want to buy a house in Vegas, but that will come later, when we start a family.”
Setting a plate of pancakes in front of Dave and handing him the butter and syrup, Sally suddenly envisioned him in a rambling split-level in Vegas, holding a screaming baby and warming a bottle of milk on the stove while Cindy rushed off to rehearsal. It made her happy, but also sad. Dave was going to get a second chance at marriage and parenthood, but she was going to lose her dear friend and neighbor. She was stunned. Yes, it was somewhat expected, but still, she wasn’t prepared.
How had all this happened in just one year?
When Mike came home, Dave gave him the big news and they bounded into each other’s arms for a brief, macho bear hug. Dave excitedly told them that the March 20 wedding, a mere two months from then, would be at Paris Las Vegas, right next to Bally’s. He was almost breathless as he rambled on.
He said the ceremony, to be held on the observation deck of the spectacular Eiffel Tower, 540 feet above the Strip, would be small and intimate, with just family and close friends. But the reception afterwards would be a blow-out affair, with the entire cast and crew of Jubilee! filling a massive ballroom off the casino. As an amazed Sally looked on in silence, Dave asked Mike to be his best man.
“You got it dude!” Mike whooped, high-fiving him. “Sounds like it’s going to be one helluva party. I wouldn’t miss it for the world!”
As Dave announced his engagement to the Dawsons back in Denver, bride-to-be Cindy was busy in Vegas, making plans for her wedding and new life. She was bursting with joy and excitement as she showed up for rehearsals and performed in two Jubilee! shows nightly. It was thrilling but exhausting. She was looking forward to some downtime after the wedding for a honeymoon with Dave. Someplace close, like San Francisco, maybe, and then perhaps Venice or Florence later in the summer.
In this swirl of pre-wedding and showgirl activities, Cindy celebrated her 36th birthday in mid-February 2019. Dave sent roses and a stunning amethyst necklace and bracelet set. When he called her that morning, she was on cloud nine.
An hour later, Cindy was about to leave for rehearsal when the phone rang again. Thinking it was Dave, she picked it up on the second ring. But it wasn’t Dave. It was Al.
“Happy birthday, baby!” he chortled, his voice loud and heavy over frayed cables from Biloxi.
“When I woke up today, you were on my mind. We’re not together anymore, but I still think of you as my wife, and I guess I always will.”
Taken aback by the blatant sentimentality, Cindy was quiet for a moment.
“Thanks, Al,” she finally sputtered. “It’s good to hear from you. Um, by the way, there’s something I need to tell you. I’d rather you hear it from me than someone else.”
“Shoot, darlin, I’m all ears. What’s up?”
“Well, I’m, uh, engaged,” she said softly.
For a long minute or so, there was dead silence. Then Al managed to say, “Well, congrats, sweetheart, who’s the lucky guy?”
“His name’s Dave Wyatt,” Cindy replied nervously. “He’s from Denver. Maybe you know the name?”
“Dave Wyatt? How the hell did this happen?” Al exclaimed. “Yeah, I’ve spoken to him on the phone a couple times. He’s the husband of the woman I was with at Bellagio.”
“Which woman?” Cindy asked.
“The one who, uh, died in bed,” Al replied awkwardly. “How the fuck did this happen? He’s the guy who destroyed Joe’s life. He went back to Chicago and made up some sob story about a daughter trying to get into Northwestern so he could meet with Pam Daggett. He told Pam all kinds of nasty shit about the Facebook fling Joe had with his dead wife. It wrecked Joe and Pam’s marriage. Then he came after us, and you see how that ended. And now you’re telling me you’re marrying this guy?”
“Al, please calm down!” Cindy said, alarmed and upset by his belligerent tone. “Dave had a lot of problems after his wife and son died. He did some things he shouldn’t have out of grief and anger. But he’s not like that anymore. We’re getting married next month on the Eiffel Tower deck at Paris. I’m working with a wedding planner there. The details are being finalized, as we speak.”
“Cindy, no! You can’t go through with this marriage,” an irate Al hollered. “The guy is using you to get revenge on me because I slept with his wife at Bellagio and she croaked. I had nothing to do with it, she had some kind of genetic heart problem.
“Dave what’s-his-name doesn’t deserve you. He doesn’t love you like I do. Don’t throw your life away on that loser! He’s a vengeful, sicko dude. Tell him you changed your mind and the wedding’s off.”
“Al, I’m sorry but I love Dave, and I’m marrying him next month,” an upset Cindy countered. “He had some major problems, but they’ve all been worked out. He’s an honest, stand-up guy, and there aren’t too many of those around, are there? I believe in Dave, and I’m going through with the wedding, whether you like it or not!
By the time this tense, overheated exchange finally ended, nothing had been resolved. Al was still insistent that Cindy was making a mistake, and should call off the wedding. Cindy was still adamant that she loved Dave and was going through with it.
A dark cloud hovered over Cindy’s birthday after her call with Al. But there was no time to make a cup of tea and reflect on things. She had to rush to rehearsal and deal with some last-minute changes in the Titanic and “Cheek to Cheek” numbers for that night’s show. At least it took her mind off the contentious call.
When she mentioned her stormy call with Al to Dave the next day, he was sympathetic.
“Sorry you had to go through that,” he told her gently. “Maybe you should avoid him for a while. If he adjusts to the idea of our marriage and has a more positive attitude, then you could go back to talking to him. But ex-husbands are notorious for this kind of thing. It’s par for the course.”
Cindy felt a bit better, but still uneasy about the quarrelsome call. And she worried that Al would punish her by further distancing her from his kids.
Over the next few weeks, as Cindy continued working with a wedding planner at Paris and kept up with the show, Al tried to call a few times. When she saw his number on her caller ID, she simply ignored it.
Meanwhile, Dave and she were moving full-speed ahead with wedding and relocation plans.

* * * * Chapter 35 * * * *
On the tail-end of a soggy Rocky Mountain snowstorm, Mike, Sally, and their two kids boarded a crowded Southwest flight to Las Vegas. Wedding bells would ring on Saturday, March 20th, for Dave and Cindy, and everyone was excited, especially Ryan and Sarah. They were happy about the wedding, but even more thrilled that their entire family was traveling together. That hadn’t happened in a long time, and it gave them hope.
That chilly, overcast Friday morning, the Dawsons flew west above hundreds of miles of majestic, snow-capped gray and cocoa-colored mountains dotting the landscapes of Utah and central Nevada. Dave’s parents and a few other friends had taken earlier flights and were already ensconced in their rooms at the elite Paris resort on the iconic Strip. Most of the guests would stay a full four days, including Mike and Sally, who’d both gotten Monday off and were looking forward to a long, relaxing weekend.
At that point, Sally had sort of gotten used to the idea that Dave was getting married and starting over in Sin City. Across the street, his new tenants had already begun moving their things in. They weren’t very friendly, but they seemed tolerable.
The Dawsons’ flight landed in warm, sun-drenched Vegas at 11 AM. Palm trees swaying in balmy breezes, and giant billboards touting headliners like Elton John and Garth Brooks, were a welcome sight on the cab ride to Paris.
The late Friday morning check-in line was absurdly long, but Sarah and Sally barely noticed. They were too busy feasting their eyes on Paris’s ornate reception hall, replete with crystal chandeliers, marble floors and counters, and delicate paintings of French aristocrats straight out of Versailles.
When they finally got their keys, everyone headed to the elevator. Ryan and Sarah got off on the 18th floor; Mike and Sally continued on to 20. It took a few minutes, but they finally found their room off a richly appointed alcove and lugged their bags in.
At first glance, the elegant drapes and hand-painted wallpaper were splendid. So was the marble bath. Then Sally spotted the four-poster king-size bed, and all hell broke loose.
“Oh no!” she cried, plopping her carry-on in the middle of the room. “I told you we needed two beds. You know how important this is to me. The hotel is sold out. We’re going to be stuck with one bed for three whole nights! Didn’t you tell Dave we needed a double when he made our reservation?”
“Yeah, I think I mentioned it,” Mike replied nonchalantly as he started unpacking. “He has a lot on his mind these days, you know. Maybe he forgot. Come on, Sal, it’s not that big a deal. You’re an adult, you can handle this, babe.”
“No, I can’t handle this, babe!” Sally shot back, getting in his face.
“I want two beds. You’ve been sleeping with Stella for God knows how long. There’s no way I’m getting into that bed with you. I’ll find another room at Bally’s if I have to. Where’s Dave? I need to see him right away.”
“Sally, come on, don’t bother him with this petty bullshit right now. He’s getting married tomorrow, and you’re whining about a room with one bed. Get a grip, woman, it’s king-size. I’ll be on one side, you’ll be on the other. We’ve been married 30 years, you’re being ridiculous.”
“No, I’m not,” Sally fumed. “Where’s Dave? I need to see him. Tell me right now!”
“In the penthouse suite,” Mike finally replied. “But I’m warning you, if you get your own room, I’m calling Stella and asking her to fly out for the weekend.
“She wanted to come. I knew you’d go ballistic, so I said no. But if you’re moving out, why shouldn’t I be allowed to have her here? Why should I care about what you want, if you don’t care about what I want?”
“Mike, you’re such an asshole sometimes!” Sally raged. “You would actually fly that tacky slut out here and humiliate me in front of all our friends and family at Dave’s wedding? We’re in a respectable setting with the people we love. She doesn’t belong here. This isn’t her place.”
“If it’s my place, it’s hers,” Mike barked. “I want her here, and Dave knows and likes her, too. They dated for a while, remember? Cindy will love her, and so will Ryan and Sarah.”
“Dave used to like her, but he doesn’t anymore,” Sally snapped. “And that’s beside the point. I don’t want her here, and keep her the hell away from my kids!” she warned, grabbing her purse and key and storming out to find Dave.
Ten minutes later, Sally was stepping off the elevator on the 35th floor. Down a crystal-chandeliered hall plushly carpeted in crimson she trekked. A “Do Not Disturb” card was firmly wedged in the lock of Dave’s penthouse suite, but she rang the buzzer anyway. A minute later, the door opened, and there he was.
“Sally, what a pleasant surprise,” he said, smiling warmly. “Come on in!”
There was a brief hug. Then Dave, clad in jeans and a black V-neck sweater, took her arm and led her to the living room. His French Provincial suite was a tasteful tableau of pale blues and creams accented with gold. While a cable-TV business channel droned in the background, they made their way to a striped sofa glistening in the mid-day sun.
“Dave, I need to ask you something,” Sally said, rushed and agitated as she sat down. “You know that Mike and I have been sort of separated since I found out about him and Stella. We live in the same house, but we don’t sleep in the same bed, or even the same room, anymore. So I asked him to tell you we needed two beds when you made our reservation. Did he?”
“Sally, I didn’t know things were that bad between you two,” he said, shaking his head. “I’m sorry. You’re a beautiful, sensitive, intelligent woman, everything a man could want. I don’t understand Mike sometimes, what he sees in Stella. She’s a shallow, heartless hot-mess. I thought their affair was a passing thing, that it would be over by now. I can’t believe it’s still going on. No, I guess Mike never told me about the beds. Maybe he just forgot. You know how scatter-brained he gets sometimes.”
“Yeah, I know, but I don’t care,” Sally retorted. “I told him how important it was to me. I’m sorry to bother you with all this,” she added, looking down and starting to cry, “but everything is so difficult and confusing right now. I wish Tricia were still here, and Austin, too, and that all of you still lived across the street, and, you know, that all of us were still together and happy.”
Handing Sally a Kleenex box and moving closer, Dave put his arm around her.
“It’s okay to want things the way they were,” he said softly. “I feel that way, too, sometimes. This wedding is bringing everything back, making us all think about the past. The problem is, we can’t turn back the clock. Things will never be the way they were. No matter how much we want it, it’s not going to happen.”
When Sally managed to get it together and the tears finally stopped, Dave ordered tea, and then got her a room at Bally’s, charging it to his credit card since he got a special rate through Cindy. As Sally thanked him, she suddenly remembered Mike’s threat.
“Mike told me that if I got my own room, he’d call Stella and ask her to fly out here,” she said, still sniffling as she stirred milk into her tea. “You don’t think he’ll do that, do you?”
“No, no, I’m sure he was just blowing off steam. Don’t worry, Stella will stay in Cleveland. She’s not going to come out here. Besides, the last time I looked, her name wasn’t on the guest list,” he chuckled.
Smiling weakly, Sally nodded. She spent a full hour in Dave’s suite. She felt safe and secure there. It brought back pleasant memories of their fleeting hours at the Brown Palace, and made her wonder if they would ever be alone like that, or this, again. Probably not, she concluded.
Dave offered to help her move her bags to her new room at Bally’s, but Sally didn’t take him up on it. She was afraid there would be a scene with Mike. With the wedding now just hours away, the last thing they needed was tension between the groom and best man.

* * * * Chapter 36 * * * *
Back on the 20th floor, Mike was finishing a phone call as Sally flung open the door and barged in.
“Okay, babe,” he was seductively purring into the phone, “call me on my cell when you get in, and I’ll grab a cab to the airport. Can’t wait to see you. You’ll love Vegas!”
After flinging her purse and key on the dresser, Sally stood there with her arms folded across her chest, glaring at him. If looks could kill…
“You did it, didn’t you?” she seethed, getting in his face after he hung up. “You called Stella and asked her to fly out here, you worthless, clueless piece of scum!”
“Yes!” Mike answered gleefully. “I told you that if you got another room, I was calling her. You were gone a long time, so I put two and two together. She’s packing as we speak. She got the last seat on a Southwest flight that gets in at midnight. I can’t wait. A king-size bed is a terrible thing to waste!”
Lunging at her husband and raging, “you goddam bastard,” Sally started pounding his chest with her fists. Then she grabbed his arms with both hands, dug her nails in, and shook him furiously like a wayward terrier. Mike’s eyes were staring at her in horror as he struggled to break free.
“Sally, stop, stop!” he demanded, trying to pry her fangs off as they tumbled onto the bed, twisting and lurching. “You’re acting crazy! What the hell are you doing? Look at my arms!” he growled as he squirmed away and got off the bed.
Sally’s heart was pounding, her face red and hot. Temporary insanity had overtaken her. At that moment, she wanted to destroy Mike any way she could.
Seconds later, she leapt off the bed and stood in front of him, gaping at the raw scratches on his arms where she had dug her nails in. The sight of blood scared her. She had never inflicted any kind of bodily harm on Mike. She was horrified, but she couldn’t stop herself.
“Call her back!” she suddenly shrieked, grabbing his arms again and throttling them as hard as she could.
“Tell her it’s off! Why would you humiliate me like that in public? What about the kids? What about Dave’s parents? What will they think? That you’re even more of an asshole than they thought!”
“Stop this right now!” Mike fired back. “Your pathetic tantrum isn’t going to work. I’m not calling Stella back. She’s excited about coming out here and being my date at the wedding. It’s none of your business. You’re moving out, remember?”
“Yes, Dave got me a room at Bally’s.”
“Well, you’re not going to call and cancel that, are you?”
“Of course not,” Sally snapped. “So why should I call Stella and tell her not to come?”
“Mike, this is insane,” Sally fumed. “That tramp doesn’t belong here. She’s not on the guest list. She won’t get in the door.”
“No worries, sweetheart,” Mike replied sarcastically. “I’m allowed to bring a guest. So, you got all your stuff?” he asked, blotting the bloody cuts on his arms with some tissues.
“Go ahead, run along now, and take your things with you.”
“No,” she told him defiantly, crossing her arms and digging her heels in. “We need to talk.”
“No more talking,” he told her bluntly. “There’s your stuff. Leave your key and clear out, now.”
“I’m not moving an inch till I’m ready!”
“Well then, get ready, sweetheart. Here, I’ll help you!”
Blood was still trickling from the cuts and scratches as Mike, clad in a tee shirt and jeans, picked up Sally’s suitcase, tore open the door, and tossed it into the hall.
The bag was half-open, so some of her clothes spilled onto the carpet. He shoved her carry-on out, and then, before she could get to it, grabbed her purse off the dresser and heaved that out, too.
With Sally’s keycard clenched in one hand, Mike gripped her arm with the other and pulled her towards the door. She tried to yank away, but couldn’t.
When they got to the door, he opened it and shoved her out so hard she fell on her clothes and luggage. Then the door slammed shut. Jumping up, she started banging on it, demanding that he open it so they could talk.
“No!” he yelled from the other side. “We’ve talked enough. If you don’t stop pounding, I’m calling security. It could get ugly when they see the cuts and scratches.
“Just take your things and go. And don’t even think about getting another key made,” he warned, “or you’ll spend the night in the security office!”
Sally was furious and humiliated. In 30 years of marriage, nothing like this had ever happened. Mike was going crazy, acting irrational, and dragging her over the edge with him. All the months of living in a suspended state of marital separation had finally taken their toll.
What could she do? She was standing in the hall on the 20th floor of Paris, crying her eyes out as she hovered over her suitcase, tangled clothes, carry-on, and purse, all of it scattered around. She had to get out of there, and the sooner the better.
Drying her eyes, she took a few deep breaths. Then she stuffed her things back into her suitcase, smoothed her hair, gathered her stuff, and took the elevator down to Sarah’s room on 18.
“Mom, what happened?” her daughter gasped, wide-eyed and alarmed, when she opened the door. “Your hair’s a mess. Why do you have all your stuff? Where’s Daddy?”
“Hi sweetie,” Sally muttered as she hugged her daughter, dragged her bags in, and collapsed in a chair.
“Are you okay?” Sarah asked, handing her a bottled water and looking her over.
“Yes, honey, I’m fine, just a little shook up,” Sally sighed. “Your father and I got into a fight about something silly. It got pretty heated. He took my key and threw me out with my bags. It doesn’t matter. I’m moving into a room at Bally’s, and Stella’s flying out here to be with him.”
“What?” Sarah cried, throwing her hands up. “Stella’s flying out here from Ohio? That sucks! Let’s go home. We should all pack our stuff and leave. I don’t want to be here with Daddy and that home-wrecking slut.
“You shouldn’t have to deal with this, Mom. It’s not fair. Why is Daddy pushing all our buttons? I’ll call Southwest and see if we can get three seats on a flight back to Denver tomorrow morning. Uncle Dave will understand.”
“No, Sarah,” Sally replied, between gulps of water. “I’m getting a room far from your father and Stella. I’ll avoid them all I can, but you and Ryan can meet her. It’s okay, really. If Daddy asks, and you’re alright with it, you should go.”
“Mom, I really don’t want to,” Sarah came back, shaking her head. “I don’t even want to be in the same city with her. Come on, let’s get out of here. This weekend’s got disaster written all over it.”
“But Sarah, how do you think Uncle Dave would feel if we just packed up and left?” Sally asked, looking up at her.
“He’s a good friend, and he wants us at his wedding. We need to do this for him. Besides, I’m Cindy’s matron of honor. I didn’t want to do it, but she insisted because I’m the one who brought them together the second time. It could throw the whole wedding off if I backed out now.”
“Okay, Mom, whatever,” Sarah said, rolling her eyes. “But I’m not spending any time alone with them. How can Daddy have such tacky taste in women?”
“Beats me, honey,” Sally sighed, “Stella’s no Grace Kelly, is she?”
Sarah shook her head and they both chuckled. Never in their lives did they need a laugh as much as they did at that moment.
At Bally’s, Sarah helped her mom check in and unpack. Then she went back to Paris, and Sally slipped into bed and turned on the TV. Back-to-back Friends’ re-runs were just what she needed.
That night, Sally begged out of the pre-wedding dinner at Eiffel Tower Restaurant. French food was her favorite, but she couldn’t face Mike. The kids didn’t want to go either, but Sally finally convinced them they should be there.
Later, Sally ordered coq au vin from room service. It was lovely, but she couldn’t eat much. She felt anxious and lonely as she pushed the linen-covered cart aside and called room service again, this time for a steel decanter filled with steaming hot Irish coffee.
As she sat there guzzling cup after cup, she gazed out the window at Bellagio across the crowded, chaotic Strip. Seven years had passed since Tricia’s sad five-day stay, and here Sally was, alone in a similar Vegas hotel room, getting tipsy and feeling insecure and depressed about her marriage. Her life was falling apart, just like Tricia’s.
There in her room, Sally sat for the next few hours, hunched over and drinking the sweet, boozy caffeine mix. She was having a combination pity-party and panic attack as she faced the grim reality that her 30-year marriage was over. There was no going back for her and Mike. It had been over, really, since the Brown Palace, but they’d hung in for the sake of the kids, and financial reasons. She didn’t know if that had been the right decision or the wrong one. All she knew was that she was dreading tomorrow.
Having to deal with Stella’s presence in the hotel, at the wedding, and, oh my God, at the reception. Was that red-headed she-devil going to hang all over Mike, dancing with him, kissing him, touching him, right there at the table? What would Ryan and Sarah think?
Everyone would know Sally was Mike’s wife, and Stella, his girlfriend. Everyone would look at her and feel sorry for her, the older, plainer, more sensible woman trying to compete with the younger, more frivolous and glamorous one. It would all look so pathetic and obvious. But there was nothing she could do.
She desperately wanted to back out of the wedding, but how could she? She was Cindy’s matron of honor and Mike was Dave’s best man. Was that a case of unfortunate casting or what?

* * * * Chapter 37 * * * *
Sally woke up the next morning, hung-over and headachy. A long, steamy shower helped. Around 11 AM, she joined Cindy and the bridesmaids in the Paris spa for a couple of hours of no-holds-barred pampering. Everyone needed to recover from the night before and prepare for the long, but exciting, day ahead.
Facials and massages were the drill, followed by hair, nail, and make-up sessions in the Chantal Salon, all courtesy of Cindy. By six PM, everyone would be back in their room, touching-up their hair and make-up, and dressing for the wedding. There was a cocktail party at 7; the ceremony itself would begin at 8. By 9 PM, a dinner-dance-reception would be underway in the swank Versailles Ballroom.
At the spa, Cindy and her quartet of bridesmaids were in high spirits, despite the fact they’d been out kicking up their heels at a Chippendales’ show till 4 AM. With her long blond tresses nestled in a pink towel and her pale skin au naturelle, Cindy was luminous as she pranced about the locker room in a terry cloth robe and jeweled pink flip-flops.
In the hot tub, Sally checked out Cindy’s flawless body: firm, full breasts, a tiny waist, shapely hips, and long legs. She really was the classic showgirl, in incredible shape, and so were the bridesmaids, Brianna, Deveny, Cassie, and Christina.
To be perfectly honest, Sally felt a bit intimidated, the ugly duckling of the group. For a long minute, she dreaded being in the wedding, but the girls quickly took the edge off, putting her at ease with their giggles and backstage gossip.
After a quick smoothie with the bridal party, Sally headed to the Chantal Salon for a relaxing mani-pedi. Then she trekked to the hair department. In its purple, oval-shaped waiting room the receptionist informed her that her stylist, the ever-popular Bronte, was running late because another customer had barged in and demanded a shampoo and blow-out pronto.
The woman had no appointment, which annoyed Sally big time, especially when she found out the walk-in was a flaming-redhead from Cleveland named Stella! She almost fled the salon, but the receptionist hooked her up with another very cool stylist, and a nasty scene was narrowly averted.
By five PM, a freshly blown out Sally was back in her room. After a brief nap, she touched up her make-up and slipped into her strapless pink silk-faille gown with its beaded bodice and velvet jacket. The Jubilee! seamstresses had done a superb job. She looked like a cross between a showgirl in Jubilee!’s Titanic-ballroom number and a glammed-up Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast At Tiffany’s. As a finishing touch, she fastened Tricia’s pearl bracelet on her wrist.
Ryan and Sarah met her in the lobby at 7:30. After Sally pinned a sprig of pink roses on the lapel of her son’s gray suit, and the collar of her daughter’s teal dress, the trio were good to go.
As they started walking, Sarah brought up the subject of Stella. She wanted to know how she and Ryan should act towards her since they had never met before. Rolling her eyes, Sally said, “Just be pleasant and polite. Treat her like your crazy aunt in the basement who’s out on a day pass.” Shaking her head, Sally let out a bitter little laugh.
A few minutes later, as the three trekked down a bustling hallway on the lobby level, Sarah brought up a topic that was even more painful and disturbing.
“Aunt Tricia died across the Strip at Bellagio, didn’t she?” she asked.
“Um, yes, honey,” Sally answered, taking a deep breath and bracing herself as they stepped into a narrow alcove just off the lobby.
“Aunt Tricia was adopted as an infant,” she added, trying to explain, “and nobody knew she had a genetic heart condition. She was here alone and suffered an aortic dissection in bed. A maid at Bellagio found her.”
“But she wasn’t alone the night she died, was she?” Ryan asked, head tilted. “She was with the guy who used to be married to Cindy, Al Posey, right? That’s what Austin told me after he got back from Vegas.”
“Well, um, yes,” Sally replied, “Aunt Tricia was friends with Cindy’s ex-husband. They met on that trip. He took her to dinner a couple of times. He was with her, but he didn’t know she was sick, so he couldn’t do anything to help her.”
“Oh Mom, come on!” Sarah said, rolling her eyes. “Everyone knows Aunt Tricia shacked up with Cindy’s ex the two nights before she died, and he walked out on her dead body in bed. We’re not little kids anymore. We know the truth about what happened.
“We went to Bellagio this morning and looked around. We wanted to see where Austin stayed when he came here and met that hooker from Nebraska. It was room 1772, right? The same room Aunt Tricia stayed in with Cindy’s husband.”
Sally cringed as Sarah went on.
“I was thinking about Austin today,” she said sadly, “and wondering what he would think of this circus.”
“Not much,” Ryan piped up. “His dad’s marrying the ex-wife of the guy who had sex with his mom the night before she died. Sounds like a bad rerun of a Jerry Springer Show. Poor Austin. No wonder he was so messed up. At least he’s not here to see this.”
Sally stared hard at both her kids.
“Ryan and Sarah, come on,” she exclaimed, tossing her hands up. “This isn’t the kind of stuff we should be talking about right now. Dave and Cindy will be husband and wife in a couple of hours, and we’re on our way to their wedding. Can’t we discuss something more pleasant?”
Nodding, they both looked down in embarrassment. But the damage was done. As mother, son, and daughter wove their way through the Paris casino, bursting with boisterous revelers and carefree tourists, Sally’s heart was heavy. What her kids had said was all too true.

* * * * Chapter 38 * * * *
Sally felt dizzy at that point, and a little depressed. But she smiled serenely as she, Ryan, and Sarah entered the small glass elevator that would take them to the Eiffel Tower observation deck.
The Muzak-drenched, two-minute ascent up the spine of the tower didn’t soothe Sally’s nerves at all. Sneaking peeks through the smudged-glass windows, she glimpsed a tangle of steel beams, with the Strip far below growing fainter and more distant by the second.
Fifty floors up, the elevator lurched to a stop. Sally’s legs were wobbly, her stomach still on the ground, as she and her kids gently stepped onto the iron grating of the deck. Five-hundred-forty feet up—half the height of the real Eiffel Tower in Paris—the views on all sides were breathtaking, a hodgepodge of scenic splendor and garish neon. Like New Year’s Eve and the 4th of July all rolled into one.
Glimmering far below in the vast darkness were a million tiny lights. The Strip loomed in the center of them like a series of small, neon-lit boxes anchored, end-to-end, in a gaudy toy village.
Sally, Ryan, and Sarah were all dazzled by the view and woozy from the height. Swaying to and fro while they tried to get their bearings, the trio clutched a brass railing and gripped each other’s arms for support. They were meandering towards a small chapel in the center of the deck. Waiting inside were 30 elegantly attired guests aligned in metal chairs that flanked, or abutted, a makeshift aisle.
The buzz of lively chatter was loud and incessant; the pungent aroma of mingled perfumes and expensive colognes hung in the air. A half-dozen tall crystal vases brimming with pink and cream-colored roses had been placed at the altar of the chapel, where the bridal party would soon gather. Nearby, a sultry, dark-haired guitar player crooned a soulful version of Eric Clapton’s, “Wonderful Tonight.” A portly minister in a dove-gray suit with a white starched collar was all smiles as he chatted with Dave’s parents, Dan and Elaine.
Just as Sally was starting to relax and enjoy herself, she spotted Stella. Sparks instantly flew. The brazen hussey’s long, scarlet tresses and purple taffeta gown shone like a beacon from across the room, as she chatted with the hunky boyfriend of one of the bridesmaids. When she saw Sally, her green eyes narrowed in a vengeful glare. If looks could kill…
Sally quickly turned and scanned the room for Mike, but he was off somewhere, preparing for the ceremony with Dave. How had all this happened, she wondered, as she took in the pre-wedding hoopla high above the Strip. Was it real, or was it a dream she would soon awaken from in her bedroom back on Lupine Street?
With Ryan and Sarah safely ensconced in a throng of guests as far from Stella as possible, Sally scurried to a tiny chamber to reunite with the bridesmaids.
And then, at eight sharp on a balmy March evening, the Wyatt/Posey wedding began. To a lilting guitar version of “The Way You Look Tonight,” a beaming Mike led the way as Dave’s tuxedoed groomsmen escorted four lovely bridesmaids swathed in pink silk-faille to the rose-covered altar. There, a handsome Dave, dapper in a black tux with a boutonniere of white roses, calmly waited with the minister. Nearby, matron-of-honor Sally gripped a bouquet of white roses and lilies entwined with pink satin ribbons as the wedding march began.
Escorted by her stout, ruddy-cheeked boss, Harmon, a stunning Cindy floated down the aisle. With her blond hair cascading over her shoulders, she wore a tall, cream-colored, beaded headpiece with an antique lace veil flowing down on all sides. Her strapless, ivory silk-taffeta gown had a snug bodice and a soft, bouffant skirt. Murmurs of rapture rippled through the chapel as all heads turned. She really was a vision.
The minister delivered a brief but moving introduction, alluding to the “challenges” Dave and Cindy had faced in their courtship, without going into detail. As Sally nodded, she stared down at Tricia’s bracelet on her wrist and nervously twisted a few of the pearls.
With a romantic, guitar-version of “Always And Forever” wafting in the background, Dave and Cindy recited the tender vows they had each written. When it was time for the rings, Mike stepped forward and handed Cindy’s to Dave. Gazing lovingly into her eyes, he took her left hand. He was about to place the gold band on her finger, when suddenly there was a commotion at the back of the chapel.
“Freeze right there, you bastard!” a man’s voice rang out, piercing and defiant. “You took everything from me, and now you think you’re going to marry my wife. Well, think again!”
Shocked by the words, Dave turned abruptly and flung his hands up. Cindy did the same.
“Al, no!” she screamed, staring at her ex-husband, poised in the rear of the chapel, gripping a black pistol with both hands that was pointed right at them.
Shots suddenly rang out. Pop, pop, pop. Three or four of them in rapid succession. Dave jerked backwards and then forward as the bullets pierced his neck, shoulder, and chest. Within seconds, he lay sprawled on the floor, writhing and groaning, with blood spurting from his mouth and multiple gunshot wounds.
Bedlam broke out in the tiny chapel where people were screaming, yelling, and tripping over each other. Many were terrified the shooter would now turn his gun on them. Above the chaos, random snippets of words like “jealous ex-husband,” could be heard spreading through the rows like wildfire.
In her pristine white gown, now splattered with blood, Cindy crouched beside Dave. Under her lace veil, her face was a mask of horror and agony as she loosened her groom’s collar and pleaded, “Dave, Dave, hang on. Someone call 911 right away, please, there’s so much blood!”
“I called them,” Mike shouted at Cindy, as he hurtled towards Dave, with Stella right behind him.
“Hang in there, buddy, help is on the way,” he said over and over, ripping Dave’s jacket off in a desperate attempt to staunch the bleeding. In shock and disbelief, he stared at his best friend, now lying beyond hope on the chapel’s parquet floor in a widening pool of blood.
Crouched near their son were Dan and Elaine Wyatt, their faces pale and ashen. The elderly couple were crying and clutching their son’s bloody hands, squeezing and caressing them as they murmured incoherently to him and each other.
Cindy’s white gown quickly turned crimson as it sopped up Dave’s blood like a sponge. Hovering nearby was Sally, her face dark, drained, and contorted into a mask of pain and anguish. She had turned in her seat when Al’s voice rang out, and instantly knew who he was. Her mind was reeling. Dave had vowed to destroy Al’s life by wrecking his marriage, and he had succeeded. But now Al had pumped him full of bullets during his wedding to Cindy. It was barbaric. Payback on steroids. The ultimate revenge for revenge.
After shooting Dave, the portly Al, in a black jacket and pants, wheeled around and tore out of the chapel. Jumping out of their chairs, Ryan and Harmon took off after him. Sally frantically screamed, “No, come back,” at her son, but he ignored her and raced ahead. Turning to Sarah and gripping her arm, Sally exclaimed, “Wait here!” as she leapt up and ran after Ryan.
It was a crowded Saturday night at the top of Eiffel Tower, and the elevators were even slower than usual. There was no way Al could gallop down 50 flights of stairs. His only hope was an elevator, but with the surging crowds that seemed impossible.
Ryan and Harmon were hot on his trail, with Sally close behind. Near the elevators, Al halted abruptly and turned. Looking left to right, he could see that they had him cornered like a rat. Reaching inside his jacket, he pulled the gun out. Lunging forward, Ryan and Harmon tried to knock it from his hand.
By the time Sally got there, Al had somehow dropped the weapon. While Ryan and Harmon struggled to restrain him before the cops arrived, Sally picked the Glock-19 up. Al spotted the gun in her hand and grabbed it. Lickety split, he turned and hurled it over the railing, where it dropped like a rock straight down to the Strip, 540 feet below.
Turning abruptly, the bulky murderer managed to hoist himself atop the railing. While Sally and the guys grabbed at him and tried to pull him down, Al somehow wrenched free, rolled over, and launched a death dive straight off the deck. Down, down, down he plunged, through the torpid desert air, crashing onto a cab-stand canopy outside of Paris. Bouncing hard off it, his body flew up and then smash-landed in the middle of six-lane Las Vegas Boulevard.
Cars and trucks screeched to a violent halt, tying up traffic for blocks. Horns blared loud and long. The Strip had careened to a standstill. Far above the massive gridlock, the wail of sirens could also be heard. Ambulances were racing to the scene for Dave, who had died on the floor of the chapel; and Cindy, who was in shock and crying hysterically.
On the Eiffel Tower deck, a badly shaken Sally and Ryan collapsed in each others’ arms for comfort and support after witnessing Al’s desperate leap. When they both calmed down, they rejoined a shocked, stunned Mike and Sarah, as well as a score of other traumatized guests lingering in the chapel. Some of them were seated, but a few others were standing in the aisle, rigid and unmoving as they gaped in horror at the bloody crime scene that had once been a glamorous, festive wedding.

* * * Aftermath of Dave’s Death * * *
Real Estate, Romance, and Relocation
Everyone at the Wyatt/Posey wedding was scarred for life after witnessing Dave’s gruesome murder. It was a struggle, but each guest gave a sworn statement to the police. Since Al had died right after Dave, an in-depth investigation was deemed unnecessary.
When Cindy was finally calm and coherent, she gave Metro details on who Al was, and the motive for the shooting. Jealousy, of course, revenge towards Dave for marrying, or attempting to marry, his ex-wife. It was an open and shut case as far as the cops were concerned.
But there was nothing open and shut about it for Dave’s family and friends. To them, it was a life-altering event, the final blow in the Wyatt family’s tragic death trilogy.
With Tricia, Austin, and now, Dave, all gone, life on Lupine Street became unbearable for the Dawsons, whose own lives soon unraveled. Mike and Sally legally separated, and then divorced, making it possible for Mike and Stella to become a legitimate couple. Mike ultimately quit his job and moved to Cleveland to live with his love. Neither of them could figure out if they should get married or not, but they both knew they wanted to be together, and that was enough for the moment.
After Mike relocated to Cleveland, Sally quit her job, sold the house, and moved, with Ryan and Sarah, to Fresno, California. That’s where her father, a retired Denver cop in his mid-eighties, was living. He had some health issues, and Sally wanted to be near him. Plus her kids wanted to get to know their grandfather better, and start fresh in a city where there weren’t so many painful memories.
Sarah got into an excellent drama program at Fresno State College, and Ryan was accepted on the football team. Sally was soon working for another high-profile gynecologist. She was in her early 50s by then, and had been married to Mike for over 30 years, so the thought of going out with another man was awkward and strange. But there were a few casual forays into the dating world with a handsome pharmacist she met at an office party and a drug company sales rep, who sent her flowers every week and treated her to fancy lunches.
Sally sometimes felt lost and lonely in her new life, but she knew there was no going back to Mike, or Lupine Street. For 30 years, it had been home sweet home, but without the Wyatts, it was bleak and lonely.
Speaking of the Wyatts, a few months after Dave’s death, his parents sold his rambling, red-brick bungalow to a young family. Dan and Elaine made a nice profit and never looked back. They also sold Marigold to Dave’s long-time partner, who then became the sole owner.
Sally and Cindy grew closer after Dave’s shocking death. Cindy was completely unhinged by what had happened. When Dave was shot, they hadn’t yet been legally declared husband and wife, so she wasn’t officially a widow. But she went into a period of mourning as if she were.
She took a leave of absence from Jubilee! to stabilize herself, and spent hours talking to therapists and friends about her troubled marriage to Al, and the trauma of Dave’s death. And of course, she and Sally spoke often. They’d both loved Dave, and craved contact with someone who could keep him alive in their hearts and minds. And Cindy reminded Sally of a young Tricia, so Sally felt drawn to her, and enjoyed her company.
When Dave was buried near Tricia and Austin in April 2019, Cindy flew to Denver for the service. She and Sally spent time consoling each other, and designing a wildflower garden outside the mausoleum where all three Wyatts were buried.
During the funeral, Sally fidgeted with Tricia’s pearl bracelet, clinging to it and cherishing it more than ever. She made sure Cindy got a few pieces of jewelry that Dave had given Tricia over the years. Sally wasn’t sure how Cindy would react, but she seemed thrilled, and touched, by the gesture.
For the first two years after Dave’s death, Sally flew to Vegas from California each year around March 20th so that she and Cindy could get together for lunch or dinner. They would talk for hours about Dave and share memories as they consoled each other on the anniversary of the bloody, disastrous wedding. And then, on the third year, a radiant Cindy showed up for lunch in a pale pink sweater and jeans. On her left hand was a sparkly diamond engagement ring.
Sally was stunned when Cindy revealed her fiance’s name: Nick Diamond. The Elvis impersonator Dave had hired in 2015 to seduce her and break up her marriage to Al.
“Are you sure he’s right for you?” Sally asked, pushing aside a lunch menu and gazing into Cindy’s big blue eyes across the table. “Dave hired him to seduce you and break up your marriage for money, and he was willing to do it. What kind of guy would get involved in something like that?”
“Sally, I can’t answer that question, but I’ve gotten to know Nick over the past three years and I have total faith in him,” Cindy replied, patting her friend’s arm reassuringly. “Yes, he was involved in Dave’s tawdry scheme, but he’s the one who told me what Dave was up to. He leveled with me, even though it meant I might end up hating him. So, I respect him for that.
“Nick’s been wonderful to me. We met because of Dave, but we became friends, and then lovers, because we really care about each other,” Cindy went on. “When Nick heard that Dave and I were about to be married, and that Dave got shot at the altar by Al, he felt terrible for me. He sent flowers and called, but I was in no shape to see him or go out.
“We finally got together in the summer of 2019. That three-hour lunch changed my life. Nick was so easy to talk to. I felt safe and comfortable with him. That’s how it started.
“Over time, our friendship turned romantic. We’re both in the entertainment industry here, so we understand the craziness of each others’ lives. He just signed a five-year deal with the Four Queens downtown, so he’s on top of the world, and I’m still going strong at Jubiilee!
“When we both get some time off, we’ll book a chapel and tie the knot. I can’t wait. Nick will sing ‘Can’t Help Falling In Love,’ and the “Hawaiian Wedding Song’ to me!
“Sally, will you come to our wedding? I’d love it if you would be my maid of honor. And Ryan and Sarah are welcome, too.”
“Yes, of course, I’ll be your maid of honor, and I’m sure the kids would love to be there,” Sally beamed. “This is a huge surprise, Cindy, and so romantic. I hope this will be the fairy-tale ending you’ve been hoping for all these years.”
Cindy nodded.
“We’re both thrilled and grateful to have found each other,” she said softly. “Nick’s divorced, too, so he knows the drill. He has two small boys, which means I’m a stepmom again. I love it! Plus we both want babies of our own. What do you think Dave would think of all this?”
Sally smiled and shook her head.
“Dave didn’t know it, but he was really playing Cupid when he got you two together. I think he’s smiling down on all of us right now. It’s all good, Cindy!”
# # # #
Note to Readers of Love and Payback: I hope you enjoyed my novel. Please revisit the site it was purchased on and leave a short review expressing your impressions of the book. Many thanks and keep reading!
Irene Woodbury
