
Lars and Claire’s Story
A Novella by L. M. Lacee
Copyright 2018 L. M. Lacee

Books by the same author
Dragon’s Gap
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 1) Reighn & Sage's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 2) Sharm & Edith's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 3) Storm & Charlie's Story
(This Book) Dragon’s Gap Novella: Love’s Catalyst
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 4) Ash & Olinda's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 5) Ace & Harper's Story
Dragon’s Gap Novella:     Love’s Impulse
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 6) Thorn & Ciana’s Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 7) Conor & Ocean’s Story

Pride of Lions Edge:
Recognition
Retribution
Reckoning
Dragon’s Gap 
A Novella
Lars and Claire’s Story by L.M. Lacee
Copyright © 2012 L. M. Lacee. All rights reserved. Published by PrivotelConcepts
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Ant resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
All Rights Reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher or author constitute unlawful piracy and theft of the author's intellectual property. If you would like to use material from this book (other than for review purposes), prior written permission must be obtained by contacting the publisher at lmlaceewrights@gmail.com. Thank you for your support of the author's rights.
FBI Anti-Piracy Warning: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, if investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to five years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000. For permissions contact: leonieauthor@gmail.com
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents

Books by the same author
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER ONE:
CHAPTER TWO:
CHAPTER THREE:
CHAPTER FOUR:
CHAPTER FIVE:
CHAPTER SIX:
CHAPTER SEVEN:
CHAPTER EIGHT:
CHAPTER NINE:
CHAPTER TEN:
EPILOGUE:
Other Books by L. M. Lacee

Prologue

Dragon's Gap, a town protected and hidden from the world by dragon magic. As the name implies the town's citizens are dragons. When the Goddess of the Shifter Nation pronounce that all full-blood shifters had incurred her wrath and were under a sentence of death panic ensued. The Goddess in her grace relented enough to allow any who found their way to Dragon’s Gap to survive. Just like Sage who was a child of a witch and a wolf. As well as her friends June a wolf and Claire, a cougar. Along with hundreds of other females. So this brings us to this novella which is about two of Dragon's Gaps favorite people, Lars Axton, Prime to the Dragon Lord. And Claire Nash, retriever and seer, friend and adopted sister to Sage and June.
Oh, we should not forget our three year old tiger cub Kammy who Claire rescued then adopted. Without Kammy her new mummy and her new daddy would never have found each other. She is a catalyst for love.
CHAPTER ONE:

Kammy Nash, three year old tiger cub to Claire Nash, niece to the Dragon Lord and Lady was on a mission!
Kammy stopped walking and sat down as she thought about what she was doing. She had run away from her Auntie June’s home because she was on a Mission.
She scratched behind her ear with her little claws as she thought about the word Mission. Scratching behind the other ear she thought how much she liked that word. She even knew what it meant. It was when her Uncle Storm had to do somefing important and had to go away. Just like her mama was doing somefing important for Auntie Sage. Thinking of her uncle Storm made her think of her uncle Rain. Then that made her think of her coosins Molly and Ava. But somtimes she felt bad, because they was really lucky. They had a dada and he was a dragon. Somtimes Molly’s dada let her sit on his back with Molly, and he would take them flying when he was in his dragon skin. Kammy sighed, she so wanted her own dada. Then she smiled as she thought of her mama. She was happy she had a mama now and her mama was fieece. That was what Auntie Sage called her. Kammy’s smile morphed into a frown. Edee said her mama had… Kammy thought really hard then smiled when she remembered the word Edee used. Issuues…Yeah, because it sounded like tissues and tissues was good to play wif. Issuues! Kammy growled low because she did not like, issuues. They made mama sad. She and Molly had tried to find the issuues and make them go away but they was hard to find.
Kammy growled again low in her throat like she did sometimes when she was unhappy or scared. She stood and stretched. Her mama didn’t know she knew about the issuues that had caused all the hurts on her when Granma Grace had gone away. Kammy smiled. Her new dada would find them and make them go away. Then her mama would smile because she was happy.
Kammy sighed and scratch her face then remembered what she was doing. She growled, like she saw Auntie Jacks do to Uncle Stan when he forgot something. She, Kammy Nash was on a mission!
Her mama esplained shiftin into her tiger skin, when she went from her pink skin wif two legs to her tiger skin wif four legs and a tail. She looked behind her to see if her tail was there, it was sneaky sometimes.
She had sneaked out the door of her auntie June’s home when she was in the kitchen. And had run down all the steps real fast like Auntie Jacks showed her. She was sad that she had not told Auntie June she was going to look for her dada because she liked staying with Auntie June.
She had her own bed and Auntie June liked to snuggle and she liked reading books to her when mama was not home. She knew they were only with Auntie June until her mama gotsa own furnita for their new home.
She could not wait for her new home it was gonna be good, mama said so. Auntie June’s home was like her Granma Grace’s home, it always smelled of cookies and she loved cookies; she really did, they made her tummy sing .She stopped walking again and sat on her rump as she shook her head. Her mama made bad cookies they was always black and hard, they did not smell good. She was sad, but mama could not make cookies. She sighed, she did not think she could live with no cookies. Auntie Sage said her mama could not cook water, who was gonna make food when they went to their new home. She chewed on her tail as she thought on that. Then smiled, her new dada would make food for her and her mama. She sniffed her tail and then remembered her Mission.
She was still a little jumpy in her tummy, it had been scary running across the road. She had to run real fast, so the cars would not squish her like mama said they would.  She had scented her new dada at her Auntie June’s home. Auntie Jacks called them intincts that made shiftas know stuff. She was a shifta likes Molly so when her dada had come to talk to her auntie June her intincts told her he was her dada.
By the time she untangled herself from the stupid. That was what mama called things that made her mad. Her stupid blanket which she had hid under to see if she could see the dark, her dada was gone.
She did not even know what he looked like, but she had put her nose to the floor by the front door and sniffed real hard. Just like Auntie Jacks showed her to do. She smelled him real good. So when Auntie June was not looking she got her tiger skin on. And followed him all the way to the busy place mama and her aunties took her to with Molly and Ava. She looked around and then she crouched down by the brick wall and sniffed hard. Lifting her head up really high she could finally see her dada, he was sitting at a table on the street he looked sad. Kammy cocked her head to the side. Her new dada was sad because he did not know about her and mama. He did not smells them like Kammy smelled him or maybe it was because he knew mama made bad cookies. She would tell him Auntie June made good cookies.
Kammy eyed the space between her and her new daddy. She looked around and saw a box and pushed really hard with her nose and finally moved it to where she wanted it to go. She panted as she sat and looked at it again, she nodded her head and knew she could do it.
Now if she used the box, she could just jump to the table where her new daddy was. Just then people walked past, she ducked down against the wall and looked around. Fear gripped her, making her heart beat faster, she sniffed the air. Good, her auntie June was not here yet. She knew her auntie June would be all growly because she had sneaked out of her home. She would be really growly if she could see her jumping.
Mama and Auntie June always tells her not to jump on the bed even though she was a good jumper Uncle Rain said so. Kammy eyed the box again, when she did the jump thing her dada would see her and be happy and then her mama would be happy too. She froze as she heard a yell.
“Kammy! Kammy!”
Oh no! That was her auntie June. Kammy stood up and looked around she couldn’t see her anywhere but Kammy knew what her voice sounded like really well.
She leant down on her front paws and wiggled her bottom in the air like she did when she was ready to jump on her mama’s bed. Then she narrowed her eyes and growled and wiggled harder. Without looking anywhere but at the box. Kammy ran and jumped…
CHAPTER TWO:

Lars drank his coffee and thought over the changes made to Dragon’s Gap. It was no longer a blip on a non-existent map. Now it was a medium sized town, growing into a large thriving city, complete with castle.
He laughed to himself as he thought of how the shifters seemed amazed by what they, the dragons, had always taken for granted. The castle.
Which always materialized eventually whenever the town needed it. Trying to explain that the castle was always there, just shifted out of time was very difficult to people who only understood basic Earth magic. Eventually the dragons had all learnt to just say magic had hidden it. Which in essence was true but not the complete truth and if Lars was honest with himself, he did not understand it either. It was Dragon Lord Magic, and that was all he knew and all he really wanted to know.
As he looked around, he saw another Hunter running a circuit of the town, all morning he had caught glimpses of Shields and Hunters. He smiled pleased that they were starting to mingle with the town’s people or at least were willing to enter the town. Reighn’s plan was working.
He realized there was a large and diverse population within Dragon’s Gap now. There seemed to be humans and shifters of all species, interlaced with the reclusive Dragons. All living and working together, adding to the vibrancy of the town, allowing it to find its new balance. There were dragons who at long last were realizing there was more to life than just their own species. And were enjoying the diverse cultures of the peoples of Dragon’s Gap and what they brought to their lives and the life of the town. Or at least that was what the reports he received each week told him. And he like his family were really happy about that. While the dragons had hidden away, watching their lives and culture fade from the lack of female dragons and shadows being found, other species had grown and evolved.
Reighn’s decree that life for dragon kind had to change had come as such a shock to some of them. Thankfully not all dragons were blind to the changing world around them. Most of them could already see and embrace the changes that were happening at Dragon’s Gap.
Unfortunately even now not enough of them were waking up to the fact they were in a new world. The older dragons found the changes harder to accept unlike the younger dragons, like himself who saw it and enjoyed the challenge of the new world. The Elder dragons and nobility even now months later after Reighn’s decrees, still needed to wake up and see what was happening around them. Hopefully, they would realize soon that the world would not stand still for them.
Lars could feel that the world of shifters and dragons was on the cusp of evolution. Unlike the stubborn nobles who fought the changes and clung harder to the way of life, they once knew. He could not wait for the new world to happen. As far as he was, concerned change was good for growth just like change had been good for the town.
It amazed him that some people were self-involved, like his birth family who had been taken by complete surprise with the declarations and ultimatums, delivered by their Dragon Lord. Sadly Lars had not been at all surprised to see that his birth parents and grandparents had aligned themselves with John Morton at court. Nor was he surprised they had not dissociated themselves when given the opportunity to do so. Lars snorted quietly to himself when he thought back on how it had not taken his birth family long to demand his presence at their estate. The morning after the public trial of the treasonous councilors. It was a strange experience to be ordered anywhere by people he did not really know or care about.
CHAPTER THREE:

He had been five years old when he had been fostered to the Kingsley’s. It was years later when he had found out that Rene` Kingsley, the Dragon Lord at the time had removed him from his parents’ home.
Apparently Rene` had been there for a meeting when he had seen the tiny malnourished boy wiggle out of a hole in the wall of his Sire’s study. The hole had led to the cellar where he stayed.
Lars had crawled out because. One, Rene` Kingsley had been the Dragon Lord and his dragon had called to him, how his dragon had known Lars was there remained a mystery for many years. Secondly, he was starving, how long since he had eaten was never determined.
It was not that his parents were really cruel they were not even just neglectful. His birth had been a surprise to people who did not desire young or so he was led to believe from Mama Verity. She told him that it was not that they did not love him. They were incapable of love and were just too self-involved to understand they had to actually see to his well-being!
Mama Verity did not dislike or like his birth parents, or so he assumed, as she had never voiced an opinion either way. He thought maybe she felt unable to actually explain people like them as she was so very different.
Papa Rene`, Lars knew thought otherwise. He despised Lars’s birth parents and grandparents and made sure Lars was never returned to them. So at five years of age, Lars had become Rene` and Verity’s ward. She as Dragon Lady, had reintroduced the term Nest brother or sister to Dragon kind, which he knew in the human world meant foster child. He believed Lady Verity did so mainly to save his parents and grandparents reputation.
Lars’s brother Storm had told him many years later when they had spent a night consuming dragon’s ale. That their father had known what the expression on Lars’s father’s face had been on the day when Lars had crawled from the hole in the wall into his study. His birth father had been more surprised than Rene` to see the appearance of the thin, filthy child and honestly did not remember he was his son. They, his birth mother and father literally had forgotten all about him. It was not neglect Lars knew, it was absolute disinterest.
When he was in the first flush of adulthood, he had found out his Dam’s parents had died many years before his birth and that his Sire’s parents when asked if they would take the small boy, declined. Stating they had raised one child for the dragon nation and did not feel it was their duty to do so again.
It was not common knowledge how Lars had ended up as a nest brother to Reighn and his brothers. Most assumed that Verity and Rene` chose him because of who his parents were, and in a way they were right. As he grew older Lars found out that his parents and grandparents traded on this relationship and that Rene` turned a blind eye to their behavior, because of him. He, of course, did not, when he was in a position to halt it he did. Much to their displeasure. Because it seemed their wealth decreased as did their reputation. Lars laughed as he sipped his coffee remembering the past always made him feel sad and glad he was alive today in this wonderful new world. He especially enjoyed and derived quiet amusement from all the rumors that always seemed to be circulating about how and why he was Reighn’s primary second, or Prime and not any of Reighn’s brothers.
He always declined to explain Reighn’s reasons for his choice of Prime as did Reighn himself. Firstly, his relationship to Reighn was no one else’s business and secondly, he was well suited to the position as Reighn’s Prime. His calm disposition, so unlike the fiery nature of the Kingsley males was a big factor in why he was selected but in truth the number one reason he was Reighn’s Prime was because not one of Reighn’s brothers including their other nest brother Stanvis wanted to do it!
All the brothers had declined so quickly, when asked, it would have left a dragons head spinning. Stanvis had declined due he said to his short patience and a sword happy hand, which was true. Everyone knew his default was to let his sword do his talking for him. So Stanvis was very happy to be second to Lars, leaving the bulk of interaction with the dragon society up to Lars and Reighn.
When the summons from his birth parents had arrived on that fateful morning. He had been in two minds whether he wanted to go to the family estate or ignore the order.
Half of him was annoyed at the thought that his birth family felt they had the right to demand his presence, and the other half had been curious as to why they wished to see him. Now, sometimes like last night he wished he had ignored the summons.
His dragon said. It would not have made a difference they wanted to bring down the dragon nation!
I know still so many deaths could have been avoided.
His dragon asked quietly. Why are you thinking of that time? It is in the past.
Yet because of the dreams. I feel this morning the memories are still fresh.
Lars’s dragon sighed as he remembered that it was seldom they sought him out in those days and when on occasion they did. It was to demand him return to the family or reinstate their favor to the Dragon Lord, which he always declined to do. The worse was when they wanted to introduce him to a female, which he usually refused to meet.
On that morning, when he had finished his breakfast which he had lingered over. Then taken a leisurely shower, spent countless minutes deciding on his attire, he had finally decided he would indeed visit their estate. Curiosity had overcome his reluctance.
As he was making his way out of the castle Storm had stopped him. Lars had eyed his brother to see he was calm, and his dragon was not on the surface of his skin. He, like Reighn knew Storm was on the edge of going rogue although he had seemed more settled of late. “Brother!”
“Where are you going so early, without a guard?” Storm demanded.
Lars smiled at that. Storm was blunt, no niceties for him or idle chit chat, and at least that part of his brother was the same. He told him. “The Axton’s ordered me to meet with them!”
Storm’s eyes became chips of black ice. He disliked the Axton’s, Lars’s parents and grandparents. He did not like what they had done to his brother. He had been old enough at the time to remember his Sire. When he had come home with the little scared, sickly dragonet with the wide grey eyes that held no expectations. No hope and no wonder at the world. It had hurt Storm’s heart, and he had wanted to go and rip their faces off. Reighn had spent hours in those first few days talking him out of it. As time had past Storm had kept his eyes on the Axton parents and now they dared to order his brother to their home. His voice held his dragon as he said. “No!”
Lars nodded, he had guessed that would be his response. “My thoughts as well, then I thought why not. I am an adult. They have no hold on me. You are all my family. I use their name as is my right and it annoys them! My continued rebuff of their demands to return to their family and reinstate the favors of the Dragon Lord. As well as their insistence, I accept a female they choose, embarrasses them. Which I can tell you I consider a bonus but it is not for just those reasons I do not capitulate.” He smiled as he said to Storm. “What they do not realize is they are not my family. It does not matter how often they recite I am. Nothing! They can say to me or demand of me means anything. A family is more than a name, you and our family taught me that!”
Storm’s scowl did not change, but he clapped him on the back. “Alright but remember you are part of my family. I will not hesitate to take their heads if they hurt you!”
Lars inclined his head. “Thank you brother, I will keep that in mind.”
Storm nodded and carried on into the castle. Lars gave it a fleeting thought that he would go to Reighn or Mama Verity, then shrugged, Storm being Storm he would probably not.
In that he was wrong, Storm was not fooled as much as Lars looked calm, he felt his tension and unease. So he did not go to Reighn who would have flown directly to the Axton family home and leveled it as he had promised to do on many occasions. He went instead to his Sire who was making preparations to leave, in fact he caught him as he was walking to the training grounds. “My son!”
Rene’ looked at his son, his dragon was quiet which was good after Storm had admitted his dragon was taking control more often without Storm’s permission. They had talked, and his father had spoken extensively to Storm’s dragon. He had settled down since then. So Rene` knew this was something else. As direct as always Storm came straight to the point. “The Axton family have demanded Lars attend them.”
Rene’ dropped his bag and gave his son his full attention. “What is he doing?”
“He is on his way there now.”
“I see. You are worried?”
“Yes, you know it will be about Reighn’s decrees.”
“Oh, I am sure it is!”
“They will wound him!” Storm tried not to feel anger but it rose quickly within him. Rene` sighed, his son for all his blunt and sharp ways, loved deeply. His heart was large and the most tender of all his boys, even Sharm.
He asked. “Are you suggesting we should go and keep an eye on them?”
Storm did not answer, instead he said. “I told him he could not go, but he said they mean nothing to him.” He looked away, just in case his father could see the deep vulnerability he felt about letting Lars leave without him.
Rene` hid his smile imagining Storm saying as much to Lars. “Ahh I see! What do you think we should do?”
“I want to kill them all, so they do not hurt him and cannot make him feel guilty like they do. He does not say that, but he feels it.”
Rene’ walked to his second born son and hugged him. “Son sometimes we have to trust in what we have given him, he will not leave us now. He is ours in every way but name.”
Storm nodded into his father’s shoulder as he said. “He says he will not give that up. That it is his right to bear their family name!”
“He is correct, his line goes back to the First Dragons. He should be proud of it.”
Storm hugged his father quickly then stepped back, a smile on his face. “He said it annoyed them too!”
Rene’ laughed. “I bet it does. Now son should we trust your brother to return to us?”
Storm looked away and then back at his father, his dragon in his eyes. “If they hurt him or keep him from us. I will render their house gone.”
Rene’ squeezed his shoulder. “Fair enough. Keep me informed.”
Storm nodded. “I will. Papa take care!”
“Always my son. I have your Dam and you and all your brothers to come back too as well as my new grand-babies.”
Storm smiled a rare occurrence these days. “They are very cute.”
Rene’ saluted him as he walked out of the castle, leaving Storm in the hallway alone or so he thought.
“You could come with us to help him.” Said Reighn.
He did not turn around but stayed where he was watching his father enter the glowing portal. “Why do you go?”
Reighn grinned, Johner and Stanvis stood beside him as Keeper moved closer to Storm. Johner said. “Stanvis heard whispers they are going to ask him to betray Reighn and kill us!”
Storm slowly turned his expressionless face towards his brothers. The hardness of his eyes was frightening in its intensity. “Will they go to trial?” Thinking that a trial would hurt Lars more.
Reighn shook his head. “Warnings were given already, yesterday.”
Storm grunted thinking hard as Keeper said. “Come with us Storm. There will undoubtedly be someone we can hit!”
Storm eyed his brothers. “See now that is a good reason!”
Reighn sighed as he mumbled. “Brothers… idiots all of you.”
They all walked from the castle leaving a hidden Verity quietly weeping for the hurt she could not prevent Lars feeling. And silently cursing the arrogance of people who had lived long enough to know better.
CHAPTER FOUR:

While Storm had been talking to his father and brothers, Lars had launched himself into the sky. A majestic navy blue dragon who coasted over the town and pastures making his unhurried way to the estate of the Axton’s. He had landed on the cobbled drive way and transformed, looking up at the stone mansion. Sighing he walked up the ten steps towards the ornate doors that housed behind them, people he did not particularly like.
His position as prime to the Dragon Lord afforded him a certain lifestyle as well as power and influence. Which is exactly what his birth family desperately sought. Lars was under no illusions, his family would never even think to give him the time of day if it wasn’t for who he worked for. Over the years they had tried almost every resource to bring him back to their home. From setting up eligible females in the hopes he would bond with one of them so they could then control him through her. Lars would not oblige them by meeting with any female who was usually quite a lot older than him. Nor would he remain in their home when they surprised him with such a female which unfortunately they had done on several occasions in the past. When that had not work, they would return to pressuring him with family loyalty or to just demanding he return to the family. So far he had thwarted every attempt at coercion, usually just by refusing to co-operate with their plans, but mostly he just ignored them. He suspected it was their fear of Reighn, who was quite different to his father and had very little tolerance for people such as his birth family.
Sadly he knew they called this meeting not to thrust another female at him. Or to harangue him about his lack of duty to the Axton name by not returning to the family. No, it was because of what had happened in court the day before.
He stood now at the doors to a home that was never his and never would be and fortified his mental shields and gained control of his temper. It was he realized, becoming harder to do. He knocked once, and the door was immediately opened by a male dragon a few years older than him.
The dragon bowed and said. “Prime Lars. Your parents and Elders await you in the morning room.”
“Thank you Braxton, are you healthy?”
“I am my Lord, thank you for asking.”
“That is good, you know where to find me if you need too. The castle is always open to you as is Lady Grace’s home.”
The dragon looked at him and raised an eyebrow as he asked. “Will that be necessary my Lord Lars?”
“If this meeting is what I assume it is. Then yes!”
“Thank you for your concern.”
Lars knew that he understood the warning he was giving him. And he that he would warn all the employees here and at the residence of his grandparents. They would make preparations to leave. He asked Braxton. “Have you been paid recently?”
When Lars had found out the servants in his family’s employ did not receive an income. He had made his parents and grandparents aware of the law which said they had to pay their servants. When they strongly objected, he had threatened to make their treatment of the dragons’ public, if they did not comply. To make things easier for them he had Stanvis work out how much the servants were entitled too and how much back pay they were owed as well.
Begrudgingly his parents and grandparents had paid and in full, more he knew from fear he would follow through on his threat. Plus there was the possibility if they paid, he would not tell the Dragon Lord. Which of course he did. Now he checked regularly to make sure the servants still received their income on time.
After he and Stanvis had found out his family’s employees, they decided to make sure all employees throughout the dragon nation were paid. It had taken a year, but they had accomplished it. With that one decision Lars and Stanvis had earned the loyalty of all the servants and the disdain of the Axton’s and other nobles.
Braxton gave Lars a small smile as he said. “We were my Lord and as it happens it was just this morning. I will show you through my Lord.”
Lars returned the smile. He just bet his parents had paid them, knowing he was to come today. He placed his hand on the male’s arm, halting his progress as he turned to lead him to the people waiting. In a soft whisper he said. “Braxton, would you, and your brother Noah consider coming to work for me?”
A little startled the older male stopped, he had no idea Lord Lars knew of his brother Noah, who was the chef of the house. He nodded his head a satisfied smile on his face and whispered back. “We would my Lord. Indeed, we would!”
Lars nodded and barely moving his lips said. “Good. You should consider doing so today.”
With raised eyebrows Braxton said. “Indeed my Lord.”
Lars dropped his hand as he said. “Come to the castle.” Braxton nodded but did not reply as he carried on walking ahead of him to the waiting people. When they came to a set of ornate gold leafed doors, he turned the handles. Opening the doors to what Lady Axton called the morning room.
Basically, it was just another lounge, which was not as cluttered with antiques as the other rooms in the house were. Braxton opened the doors with a flourish and announced.
“My Lord Prime, Lars Axton!”
Lars stepped through into the room, just stopping the smile Braxton’s dramatics always caused. It was a source of pride for the former Shield to announce him with as much force as possible in his deep voice. It made no matter to him what room they entered. It annoyed his father and made his mother clutch her chest in distress which is why Braxton did it. Petty as it was Lars always got a laugh from the male’s introduction.
Once Lars had entered the lounge, Braxton closed the door then rushed at a pace unseen of in the home and entered the kitchen, saying as he entered. “Noah leave all that and make your calls!”
“So it is today then?”
“Our Lord Lars hinted it was.”
“What will become of us?” He asked, and he could not keep the excitement from his voice. In truth he was thankful to be leaving this house. He hated living here, but when he had been discharged from the Hunters due to wounds received in the line of duty.
Braxton had taken early retirement from the Shields to be with Noah. He had helped to keep his dragon from succumbing to depression. Due to his inability to fly for many months because of his wounds. Dragons, unfortunately, became depressed when they were confined to the ground. The thought of never being able to fly was a constant fear for dragons. Especially wounded dragons who felt they had no future if they could not fly. Often times they would divorce themselves from their human side all together. This combined with wounds could cause the dragon to become depressed. And if they stayed that way for too long, they more often than not would spiral from depression into dragon despair. Then it was only a short slide right on into dragon madness. Which sadly there was no cure for and the dragon was usually put out of his misery, before he went totally insane and killed indiscriminately, which often in the past sadly happened. Noah had been well past depressed and into the first stages of despair when Braxton had returned and taken over his rehabilitation spending months retraining him to walk and then to fly.
Braxton had also arranged financing for Noah’s training as a chef, which had always been his lifelong dream. It was only later Noah had found out it was Commander Storm who had actually financed his schooling and that he had sworn Braxton to secrecy.
For a while Noah had felt guilty that Braxton had given up being Shield. Until he found out Commander Storm had financed Braxton’s butler training. Which amusingly enough was his dream.
For Braxton and Noah, who were large hardened Warriors, their choices of occupations seemed ironic to most. To them it was a peaceful way to live. They had no idea it would be so hard to get work after they qualified and eventually had accepted positions from the Axton’s. As no one else wanted to take two washed up warriors as servants. So as far as the brothers were concerned at the time unpaid work was better than none at all. Plus they were the only servants to live within the home. While Noah cooked, Braxton became the manservant. On occasion they were both called upon to do guard duty.
Noah grinned at his brother, he was junior to Braxton by fifty years. They were still handsome males with a few well-placed scars which did not seem to offend the female shifters they had met so far. As with every male dragon the brothers hoped to find their shadows amongst the shifters and humans pouring into Dragon’s Gap. They knew it would not happen hidden away as they were in this house with these people.
Neither brother liked or respected the Axton’s nor the elder Axton’s, especially after they had found out what had happened to Lars all those years ago. In fact the brothers had wanted to leave within the first months after finding out what had happened but had remained. Because Lars had asked Braxton to stay and report on the coming and goings of visitors and the Axton’s. Unfortunately, what they reported on was very little. Braxton, returned Noah’s smile as he told him. “We are to go to our Lord Lars and work for him.”
Noah turned all the way around from the counter he had been cutting vegetables on. “Did he say both of us?”
“He did by name brother. We finally will be free from here.”
“Good, this mission sucked.” A human term he had heard and liked. It was the only way the brothers thought of their duty within the household, as a mission. It had made it easier for them to remain. Lord Lars had done well on his promise of protection and a better life for all servants. Now that was done it was time to leave. Braxton laughed and clapped him on his back. “That is the truth, so when our Lord leaves, we will follow. I will secure our possessions now. You make the calls.”
“I will.” Noah would call and let all the other servants of the house and let them know what was happening as well as call the elder Axton’s servants. Braxton in the meantime would collect all their possessions and stash them in the shed out back, ready to leave.
CHAPTER FIVE:

Lars heard the door close behind him and the hurried feet of the former Shield moving away. He hoped he was making ready to leave.
He addressed the four people in the room. “Good morning you asked for my attendance.”
“This is how you greet your family.” Asked his Grandfather Elder Axton his father’s Sire.
It was obvious to anyone that met the Axton males who Lars received his physique from. He was as tall and as well muscled if not more so than his grandfather. His father was less muscled due to his reluctance to train, and that was all the resemblance there was between them. Lars’s grandfather and father shared brown and both senior Axton’s had inherited the Axton mane of golden hair. Unlike his grandfather Lars’s father had his hair styled in a square cut. That did nothing to reduce the impact of his most prominent feature, his long nose which he had also inherited from his father.
Thankfully Lars had inherited his Dam’s grey eyes and softer facial features with a normal size nose, which on occasion he had been told enhanced his handsome features. He had a mixture of his Sire’s golden hair and his Dam’s white tresses giving his hair a blond sun kissed look.
He was always pleased he did not take after his father’s Dam. Whose face always reminded Lars unkindly he knew, of a rat’s face. With her beady brown eyes and narrow sharp nose above pursed lips. She always wore her dark brown hair pulled back from her forehead in a tight eye watering bun that sat on top of her head.
How she ever got a hat on it entertained Lars’s dragon endlessly. Thankfully his mother he saw only took after his grandmother in her dress style, her hair she was still styling in a coronet. They both sat in long pale colored dresses, better suited for the Victorian era. Morning dresses he remembered mama Verity had called them once. A lot of the older female dragons dressed as such, they thought it gave them presence and respect. It was to remind everyone they had been alive a very long time and Lars suspected they loved the rigidity of the Victorian times. Much as the males who wore the high collars of the past with dark suits did. He was sure his Sire did not even know what a pair of jeans were. Lars raised one eyebrow as he replied. “No, I greet my family with affection.”
If it was possible, the four faces turned towards him became even stonier. Already he could feel his dragon’s impatience at being here in the home he felt he had failed Lars in. No matter how many times he told him it was not true.
So when he spoke, his dragon’s growl underwrote each word. All four of the occupants heard it but as it was not the first time it had happened, they did not comment. The one time they had done so. Lars had allowed his dragon to come forth, and he had rained havoc on his parent’s home, destroying many hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of antiques.
It was then his parents had found out there was no one to complain to or who would discipline their son’s dragon. When they had mentioned the destruction to Rene`, he had asked them in his polite intense way. What had they done to upset his son? Of course that was many years ago, when he was younger with less control. But the lesson had been learnt by his family. “What is it you want and if it is another female? I will leave now!”
“No!” His grandfather said as he rose to his feet. He smiled and said. “No son.”
A term Lars always ignored as he did now. “Lars we have asked you here, so you can explain all that nonsense that took place yesterday!”
Lars sighed, counted to ten and gave himself a mental pat on the back for being right. “I am unsure which part you did not understand it all seemed self-explanatory to me!”
“Do not treat us as fools!” His father snarled.
“I assure you I do not.”
His grandfather sneered as he asked. “What has the house of Kingsley been feeding you boy? Why must you be so foolish as to think they act in your best interests?”
Lars felt his dragon rise and his eyes elongate making his presence felt. They were in a quandary now, the males felt sure they could easily subdue Lars as it was two against one. Plus if their servants helped they would be able to bring him down, as long as he did not shift to his dragon. But to do so would to incur the wrath of the whole Kingsley family which would not work in their favour right now. And it could also turn all the servants or rabble, which is what they privately called the servants. That Lars had endeared himself too, against the family, and it was vital they did not cause that to happen.
Lars remembered his papa Rene` saying, sometimes one must remind people who you are! It looked like this was to be one of those times as he snarled. “You call me foolish and boy! Whom is it you think you are speaking to? I am Prime to the Dragon Lord…
His Dam cut in. “We know and expect you to handle this?” Lars stopped and thought on what she had said, there was so much more going on here. “We? Who is we?”
His grandfather smirked as he threw a scroll at him. Lars caught it in his right hand as he looked at the four in the room. They all watched him with sharp eyes that never missed an expression, he made sure to keep his face impassive.
Lars was not impressed either with them or the show of unity they were trying hard to reflect. He flicked the scroll, and it unrolled. He read the list of twenty family names, all nobles. He saw that his parents and grandparent’s names were first and second on the list. “What is this?”
But he knew. Sadly he knew, his parents and grandparents had gone from supporters of John Morton to traitors of the dragon nation and the realm. This was confirmed when his grandmother told him. “It is a list of nobles who wish the realm dissolved and a new one established!”
Lars jerked when he heard the bald statement as though they were discussing a list to a ball, not overthrowing the realm. “Who have you decided to assume the position in Lord Reighn’s place?”
“Quenton Poult.” His father told him with pride.
Lars shook his head in disbelief, a nice dragon but naive in many ways. He asked with an incredulous tone. “He is only three hundred and forty years old, somewhat naive and uneducated. Does he realize what you are asking of him?”
“Goddess no!” Trilled his grandmother, she waved her lace handkerchief in front of her face as though to wave away his question.
His mother explained. “He is a stupid boy, but he is malleable. Which is all that is necessary. His parents are pleased with our decision in choosing him.”
This made Lars bite back a smile, now he understood their reasoning in why he had not been nominated for the position. Lars was the least malleable person he or they knew. She then told him. “As for education, we know he is lacking in this. But we have decided that the old saying, a little knowledge would be a dangerous thing. So ignorance will work best for him and us.”
Meaning Lars knew if he understood what was expected of him he would probably not go along with it. His father said. “With your guidance he will be exactly who we need.”
“My guidance! And the royal family?”
His grandfather brushed imaginary lint from his sleeve as he refused to meet Lars eyes while he explained. “What of them! They will have to go! There will be no place for them afterwards.”
Incredulous he said. “You expect them to just move along!”
They all looked at him and then the females laughed, his Dam shook her head at him as she brought herself under control. “Do not be a child of course not. We will see to that. Deaths of families happen all the time, food goes bad, air turns sour. Those animals that he has aligned himself with might tear him and his family apart. Or his shadow, the witch could accidentally cast an unfortunate spell. All manner of things kill families.” She shrugged nonchalantly, then said with her eyes narrowed. “Seriously you are very badly educated for someone who lives at the castle, did they not teach you historical intrigue? Well never mind we, your parents and grandparents will handle this.”
His grandmother said with a tone of disappointment shadowing her words. “It is as I suspected, this will be too much for you. All that brain washing I suppose. We had hoped not to involve any outsiders, into what is a family matter.” She sniffed delicately and flapped her lace handkerchief once more. “I see we are left with no choice.”
Lars stood absolutely still for a minute. He thought her words rang untrue. There would be no outsiders to call on. It was a bluff to see if he would be stupid enough to volunteer. Foolish people they did not know him at all! He asked quietly. “Surely you do not expect me to help you with this?”
“You are our son!” His father stated as his grandfather told him with righteous undertones in his voice. “It is your family duty!”
Lars frowned as he told them. “It is treason you are proposing here.”
“Rubbish!” Blustered the Elder Axton as he took a swallow of his whiskey. “Mild rebellion at most!”
Lars shook his head as he tried to make them understand they were wrong. “No! It is treason. You saw the Elementals yesterday, what they did. The judgment they handed down. You will be risking their wrath. You wish to pit yourselves against them?”
His father sighed loudly then scornfully stated. “Do not be ridiculous, of course not!”
Lars was relieved he may not like these people, but he did not wish for them or anyone to suffer the same fate as the people. That had been on trial for treason the day before. “Then what do you have in mind? Will you refuse to swear to the Dragon Lord?”
His Dam said archly. “Of course not, it is our duty to do so! Your father and grandfather will swear fealty on behalf of us our family to the Dragon Lord and the nation. Then we will over throw him!”
Lars laughed he could not help it. These people were insane or so naive it was criminal. “And you say that is not treason!”
“Of course it is, rebellion is acceptable if done correctly and orderly. We are accomplishing both. The Elementals will have nothing to say about it!” Stated the Elder Axton.
“Why is that?” Lars asked bewildered with their reasoning. His Sire spread his hands wide as he explained. “This is a dragon issue that is why! Nothing to do with the Elementals.”
“I see, your thinking is that by swearing your loyalty to the Dragon Lord and the nation. Anything you do afterwards will be considered an internal matter and you will not incur the Elementals wrath. And as the Dragon Lord and his family will not be here to complain you have no fear of them retaliating. Of course your new Dragon Lord will take no action as he will be under your control. Does everyone on this list think the same?” Lars asked as he shook the paper with the names on it at them.
His father nodded saying. “Yes and there is you of course.”
“Me…why me?”
His grandfather explained with a certain amount of smug pride. “After the Dragon Lord and his family are gone, you are next in line. As we have already chosen the next Dragon Lord, you will step aside and serve him. Dragon society will not want to be seen to be questioning your as your decision. We as your rightful family will make sure everyone understands you are in mourning for the Kingsley’s, after all you were their nest son and brother.’
“And you believe this will stop speculation?’
“Oh no!” His father told him pityingly. “Seriously who is there to go against us? We have the Hunters and Shields at our command.”
Lars was amazed they thought it would be that easy. The Hunters and Shields were not commanded as such. They were who they were because they were loyal firstly to the Kingsley family and secondly to the dragon nation. How he asked his dragon. How did they not know this?
Because they see what they want to. Not what is true?
His mind swam with the stupidity of the four people in the room with him. He asked because he could not seem to help himself. “What of the Elementals, have you forgotten them? Reighn is their chosen!”
“Why are you being so difficult?” His Dam whined.
His grandmother sneered as she told his father. “I told you he was a waste of time. They have brain-washed him.”
“My Dam is right. You are truly disappointing as a son. Can you not see the bigger picture here?”
Lars wanted to tell them they were wrong and he so wanted to unleash his dragon on these foolish people. But he did not, he closed his eyes, desperately wanting to be gone from these obscenely entitled delusional people. Finally he could hide no more opening his eyes, he sighed as he opened the door behind him and in a strained voice he told them. “There were so many things for you to have taken away from court yesterday. The one important piece of information for you to have heard and then accounted for was technology!” He showed them his left hand and the phone in it. “This allowed my Lord to hear and understand everything that was said here this morning. There will be no going back from what you have planned.”
It was only then they all heard the booted feet approaching the room. Reighn stood with his brothers and guards in the doorway and received the scroll from Lars. He looked his brother in the eye as he softly said. “There will be no reprieve!”
Lars bowed his head. “I understand, the young dragon Quenton Poult knows nothing of this.”
“I am sure he does not.” He signaled a guard closer. “Arron, go and collect Quenton Poult and secure him somewhere safe please.”
“As you will my Lord.” He saluted and left with two others. Reighn, after he gave the scroll a quick look handed it to Storm and Keeper. “If you will my brothers.”
“With pleasure!” Keeper said as he gave the four ashen faced people a hard look. Storm squeezed Lars’s arm in comfort and said to the four slack jawed Axton’s. “As if you had not done enough!” With one more look at Lars, he left with Keeper and several guards to round up the other conspirators.
Lars asked Stan. “Make sure everything is removed to storage please, and the servants are taken care of.”
“As you wish Prime. Both residences?”
“Yes please.”
Without a backward look at the people who purported to be his family, Lars walked away. He did not halt even when the outraged shouts from the males and the cries from the females rang in his ears. He just kept on walking, closing the door on the house and that part of his life forever. He flew to Verity landing on her balcony and stepped into her open arms. “It is over now my son. Mama Verity has you now!” He sighed in relief and stayed with her throughout the day and the night. He stayed with her when they felt Reighn breathe dragon fire on the homes of the guilty. When he felt the Elementals remove his birth family and all the conspirators from the world.
The following weeks were very hard for Lars and his family coping with the fallout from the betrayal of the nobles. As well as the attacks on the retrievers and the kidnapping of Grace.
Now weeks later he sat here, in this place on this day, drinking really good coffee while he watched his town come alive. Reliving an event from his recent past that still haunted him his dreams. His dragon sighed within his mind. Time to place it back in the past dragging it up only makes us hurt. Lars mentally nodded to his dragon in return.
I know let us find something to smile about instead.
CHAPTER SIX:

He grinned as he watched a little boy skip beside a teenager. Laughing up at her as they walked with two brown bakery bags oozing, he bet with sweet cinnamon rolls.
He had woken this morning just as the sun had risen, from a particular nasty dream. Neither he nor his dragon had been able to resist the lure of the crisp air as the skies lightened to blue. They had flown far surfing the air currents high above the world for what seemed like hours.
Eventually, they had returned to the Gap, circling high above the castle for many enjoyable minutes. Before he had landed briefly to leave a message with June, to give to Reighn. As castle liaison she relieved him of having to hunt him down to pass on messages left with him overnight. He blessed the day Sage had introduced her into their lives, especially his. Life for him was less busy now.
After refusing tea and a longer visit with June he had launched into the sky once more. Thirty minutes later he and his dragon had felt centred with the remnants of the dream almost gone.
He had landed to walk the early morning streets, finally settling at this table to enjoy his first coffee of the day.
He had found that he loved to sit and watch the different people walking the streets. He felt a wave of despair flow over him as his dragon wondered. If they would ever find their shadow. Lars tried to comfort him. It will happen when it does. She is out there somewhere we will have to hunt for her. She is unlikely to drop into our lives.
Now he thought about it, he too wondered, if he would ever get the opportunity to raise young like his brothers and friends were doing. He hoped he would and knew in that he was like every other dragon wanting a family. He shook off the feeling of gloom. It was a changing world he was living in, and he loved every minute of it. Whether he was lucky enough to find his shadow or not, he was still loved by his family.
Seeing his lifelong friends find their shadows or mates as the shifters called them, was a balm to his heart. Even Stan, his nest brother had found his shadow Jacqueline or Jacks for short. She was a tall, slim, very beautiful studious Leopard. Who wore glasses and business suits, which he had to admit she suited. Not that he thought Jacks would have been a good fit for him, she was too serious minded and reserved for Lars’s way of thinking. He wanted a female that had a sense of humor, someone who was demure in her dress. A well-polished female that was tall with a slim figure. A female who would understand his need to be active and present in his job as Prime to the Dragon Lord. Someone who was discreet because as Prime, he was required to know everything that went on within the dragon nation which would mean she would as well.
She would have to realize he would need to be on call day and night and sometimes he would be placed in danger. Lars smiled as his thoughts went over the kind of person his shadow would be like. He and his dragon would have no concerns if she was a shifter. In fact he hoped she would be. It would be different and exciting.
He sighed again and sipped his coffee as he went back to people watching. He caught a flash of orange from the corner of his eye but when he turned his head and looked along the street, he saw nothing. Frowning he shrugged and went on with his thoughts as he idly looked around him. He loved this town, over his lifetime he had visited other towns in other countries and still even with all the growth around him. He loved the feel of Dragon’s Gap, often he had the thought he should live right in the middle of it all, rather than at the castle. Especially now that the Gap was growing so fast, it would be invigorating to be part of the bustling activity.
So involved in his thoughts he did not see the flying kitten until it landed rump first on his table. She spun towards him stopping on her third rotation to look up into his eyes. Lars lost his heart right then and there as he stared down into two green clear and beautiful pools that stared back at him. When the kitten got up on all fours and crawled over to him nudging his hand. Which he automatically lifted and began to stroke the soft fur from her head to the tip of her tail. He was smitten.
Oops! Kammy thought. I really am a good jumper. Like Uncle Rain said. When she felt Lars’s hand stroke her fur, all thoughts fled from her mind. His soft touch made her purr which surprised Lars and enticed his dragon to croon a dragon’s song in return.
Lars was stunned, he had no idea his dragon could make that sound. Suddenly he heard loud voices calling out from the street. He scooped the kitten into his arms where she proceeded to wash his fingers and purr even louder.
His dragon grumbled and stopped his song as June walked over and sat in the vacant chair while she talked into her phone. “No, I have her. She has found Lars… No, she looks fine!”
Hanging up she looked at the kitten which had now placed her little head in the palm of Lars hand. “You are in such trouble little missy!”
Lars cuddled her closer. “Who is this that says she is in trouble?”
June laughed. “That would be her mother that is who. You should maybe let her go because if I am not mistaken, her mother is coming now?”
Lars looked over his shoulder to where June was looking and saw a small female around five foot tall walking toward them. With curves that made his dragon sit up and pant. Really panting? Lars asked him but his dragon was too busy staring to reply.
The female had short spiked hair, striped black and white. Her jeans had seen better days as had her tee shirt that barely covered her ample breasts. The shirt had been washed so many times the color was faded, it may have started out grey but was bleached white now. She wore a leather jacket which was well worn and weathered as were her calf length black biker boots. She was pocketing a phone as she came nearer.
Lars inwardly shook his head unable to believe someone like this female was mother to this precious bundle in his arms. Instinctively he held the cub more securely as he watched the female advance, he was sure he would see the usual tattoos and piercings but as she came closer he realized his mistake. This was not a Gothic outfit or clothes to make a statement like people he had encountered over the years wore. Studying her, he knew she wore clothes she could afford or deemed necessary and it shamed him to think he had jumped to an erroneous conclusion.
Then his dragon roared to escape, trying to push through his skin, wanting to touch. To feel his shadow, she was here finally. His dragon roared again to escape Shadow!
Lars struggled to contain him and not drop the cub. Then a small hand, calloused with use, touched the skin on his chest above the open collar of his shirt. Immediately his dragon ceased its struggles, beyond coherent words. Lars nodded his head in thanks to the female who slowly removed her hand. She stood folding her arms looking at him as he held the cub in his arms. She looked him up and down and leant in a little and sniffed and then sniffed again, just as the cub he noticed was doing.
June stood and placed her arm around the female with affection and protection. He wondered what she saw in his face to warrant that reaction. Then he realized it was for the comfort of the female not because of him.
Fear looked out at him from green eyes, not as deep as her daughters but just as vibrant. He bent down a little way and sniffed her neck between her ear and shoulder. Much as she had done to him and could scent her anxiety. He leant in closer and rubbed his cheek against hers and whispered in her ear. “Shadow!”
She seemed to relax at the word, or it could have been that he had repeated the familiar action that settled her. Whichever it was, she nodded very slightly as he withdrew.
Amused June carried on with the introductions. “Lars Axton, this is Claire Nash and the little cub in your arms is Kammy who is Claire’s daughter. I know you have heard Sage and myself talk about Claire. I am amazed you two have not met until now.” She turned to Claire and said. “Claire this is Lars Axton as you know he is Prime to Reighn and nest brother to Stanvis and all the Kingsley brothers.”
Claire groaned silently, her mate! She had finally found her mate and what a mate he was. Tall with broad shoulders that tapered down to a narrow waist and legs that held muscles as did his arms, in fact she bet he had muscles on muscles. Could you say gorgeous?
His hair was golden with white streaks that had been professionally styled and sat just past his collar. Claire clenched her hands, she so wanted to run her fingers through all of those blond locks to feel the texture. She bet it was soft and would slip through her fingers like silk and she already knew it smelled expensive much as his look screamed money. Then she felt her work roughened hands and realized that touching him was so not going to happen. There was no way she could put her hands on him. It would be embarrassing.
Claire had a thing about men’s hands which Sage and June had teased her about on occasion. And there was no denying her mate’s fingers were long and his hands were wide and strong. ‘Yummy!’
She sighed, this male was all over beautiful and sadly rich. She could tell from his styled haircut to his tailored clothes that he came from money. What she wondered would he think of her a former street rat?
What Lars thought was summed up in one word. Enchantress! She was delightful from her black and white hair to her lovely rounded breast that almost made him whimper with want. To her delectable shaped legs that ended in a pair of boots, she had to have the smallest feet he had ever seen on an adult. She was more elfin than warrior but as he looked into her gorgeous green eyes he saw the core of steel within.
Claire shook her head in amusement at herself. She was not sure if she wanted to crawl all over him or run for the hills. An honest to Goddess, dragon. She had never in her wildest dreams, and Claire had lots of dreams. Ever thought a dragon would be her mate.
She refused to hear the little voice that sounded a lot like her hateful ex-boyfriend. Who told her on many, many occasions that no decent male would ever want a street rat like her! Of course that was before she shot him. Lucky for him she had been feeling generous that day and only shot his ear off. She banished his voice and that time of her life back into the recesses of her mind and placed herself in the here and now.
“I am probably not what you thought your shadow would be like. I expect you wanted some tall, slim professional female. Not a half-breed cougar who lived a great part of her youth on the streets and does not know what country she was born in. A female that has had no contact with her family and has no wish too?”
Lars took her tightly clenched hand in his large one and kissed her work roughened knuckles. “You are my shadow! What fantasies I may have had, do not compare to what is here now in front of me. My dragon and I have waited for our entire long life to have someone of our own. What either of us had dreamed of or wished for before, pales in comparison to what is here. I know you know of my beginnings.” At her sheepish look he said. “I know Sage and June as well as Edith. We all know they gossip.”
“Hey!” June cried. “Still here!”
Lars raised one eyebrow at her. She shrugged. “Well, it is not like males don’t gossip?”
Lars smiled, he could not deny that. “True!” He said to Claire. “In light of that, we have both been lucky to surround ourselves with family we want and now we have each other and our Kammy, what else is there?”
Claire sighed as she swayed towards him saying. “Nothing… Nothing more! Okay, but first things first!” Claire pulled her face into her best frown and adopted her sternest tone as she looked at the small cub in her mate’s arms. “Well little kitten. What do you have to say for yourself? Running off like you did was dangerous, you could have been hurt, you snuck out of your Auntie June’s home. She was very worried.”
Which was a tame way of saying June’s heart pounding panic was like a case of mild heart burn. Not even close to the terror she had felt.
Claire frowned harder. “I too was very worried about you, when I returned to find you missing. Lots of people were worried. We were just about to call in Uncle Reighn and Auntie Sage.”
Kammy hung her head. Uncle Rain and Auntie Sage. She was in real trouble.
Claire tried not to smile at the sad tiger cub as she said. “Auntie June had to stop baking her delicious cookies to come look for you.”
The cubs head lifted and she sadly made soft mewing sounds. When her mama made no move to comfort her. Kammy sighed, she knew what her mama wanted her to do. She could not hide in her tiger skin any more.
Hands on her hips, Claire waited. Lars could tell her heart was not in the scolding, but the cub hung her head lower and slipped from his arms. Then with a shimmer of sparkles, they were faced with the small figure of a small slim, tanned naked girl child standing on the table.
With a flick of his hand, he dressed her in a yellow dress and cute white socks and black shoes. She looked adorable with her short blonde hair streaked with red and her big green eyes staring at him in wonder. Her little rosebud mouth opened in an astonished circle. Even Claire was impressed. Who knew Dragons did simple magic huh!
With effort she remembered her daughter and tore her eyes from her mate as she cleared her throat saying mildly. “Kammy!”
She walked over to Claire and wrapped her arms around her neck and in a clear voice said. “Butsa mama, I found dada!”
They both looked at Lars who had a big smile on his face. Claire tried not to smile, she really did as she agreed. “I see that honey but you ran away and that was naughty. What if mama or Auntie June could not have found you?”
“Because the bad mans gets me?” Asked Kammy. They all turned to see Lars with his fangs extended and eyes elongated and a soft growl emanating from him. Claire figured a normal female would have been running for the hills. She just thought he was hot. Did mama say hot?
“Mama, why dada growly?” Asked Kammy.
“Probably because you ran away from Auntie June?” Claire said with a straight face and ignored June’s snort of laughter. Kammy’s little mouth went back into the O position again, then she tipped her head to the side as she said. “Kay, me not do that agin dada.” She went to Lars and gave his face a pat saying. “Okay dada I not run away from mama or Auntie June agin.”
Lars closed his eyes and breathed deeply. June and Claire watched him regain control of his dragon. He opened his eyes which they were surprised to see held a smile in the depths of the grey stone.
June said much to Claire’s embarrassment and surprise. “If it helps, she means issues. Claire has them! Kammy and Molly hunted for them all day yesterday.”
Kammy nodded and said sadly. “We not find them. You kill them dada okay?”
Lars smiled at Claire’s embarrassed face as he said. “Leave it to me. I will fix them.” It was as if the sun came out, Kammy smiled and laughed. “Me finds dada to kill issuues mama!”
“Yes honey.” She turned to Lars and said as honest as she could be. “I do have issues with trust and being alone. I swear they are the major ones. There may be a few more hiding around.” She shrugged. “I work on them constantly.”
He nodded. “That is what is so good about having a dragon as a shadow. We never leave and never stray. I am yours for eternity. There will never be anyone else for us!”
“Oh…Oh yeah, well okay!” Claire stumbled a little over how to answer him because with those words, she felt something unlock in her heart and soul.
June said to Claire in Spanish… “While you were away Kammy dreamt of when you were hurt and Graces kidnapping. She told me she thought the issues had done that.”
Claire replied in the same language. “Oh well okay. I will talk to Rene` about that. Thanks June.”
“No problems. That is why I am the auntie.”
Lars said in Spanish. “Now I understand the reference to killing.”
“Yeah, I thought she had not seen any of that. Guess I was wrong.” Said Claire.
“Kids get to see and hear stuff all the time they are not meant too.” Lars told her with a smile.
“And now you know why we speak Spanish.” June told him.
“I do, logical and efficient.”
Kammy smiled, “Pretty words.”
Lars agreed with her. “It is very pretty.”
“So Kammy found you then?” Asked June reverting back to English and getting back to the original topic, giving her friend a minute to get herself together. She had never seen Claire look like she had been sucker punched before. It was slightly amusing. June thought maybe that was what falling in love was like. Never having experienced it herself she had no idea. Lars nodded as he hugged the little girl gently. “It seems she did. She is delightful.”
He spoke directly to the little girl who had her arms wrapped around his neck now. “But my little cub, you will promise your mama and dada not to ever run away again!”
Kammy pouted her lips and said. “But dada, sometimes me tiger wants to run.”
Lars nodded his head. “I understand, sometimes my dragon wants to fly as well.”
“You fly me. Like Molly’s dada fly her?” She squealed with pleasure,
“Yes, I will. Now I will find someone for you to run with.” He looked at Claire. “Do you know Conor Tower? He is a lion?”
“I know of him. We have not officially met yet, although that is about to change. When I become the official Liaison to Dragon’s Gap.”
“I know him. He is a good male.” June said.
“He is the sheriff in town. He and his pride look after the people here. They also do retrievals on occasion.” He asked Claire. “Would he be acceptable to run with our little Kammy?”
“I suppose. I would like to meet him of course.”
“Of course and there is my brother Stanvis’s shadow, Jacks.”
“Me like Auntie Jacks.” Said Kammy.
“You know her?”
“She is helping Kammy with control.” Claire told him.
Confused he asked. “She does not run with her?”
Claire shook her head. “No Leopards run very fast, too fast for cubs. Once she is in her leopard skin, she is borderline controlled. Before she came here, she had liked to hunt.”
Surprised he would never have thought that of Jacks. He said. “Ahh! I see, the teaching is helping her.”
They were both impressed he understood. “Yes it was June’s idea.”
June smiled as she said. “It seemed to make sense.”
“Well, we will ask Conor if he cannot help. I am sure he will find you someone to run with Kammy. A safe someone.”
“Kay dada. We run with Molly.” She snuggled down against his chest and smiled at her mother, who cocked one eyebrow up. “You still get to be punished young lady.”
Kammy turned beseeching eyes to Lars, who smiled and told her. “Your mama is correct.”
Kammy sighed. “Yes dada.”
Claire said. “As you ran away from your Auntie June, she will set the punishment for you. June?”
“Well now a punishment! Mmm! Let me see. I think it only fair Kammy helps me clean-up my kitchen. Yes, that is a good punishment.”
Kammy almost clapped her hands. She loved cleaning Auntie June’s kitchen. Then she remembered she was to be sad. Kammy lifted her head from Lars chest and said. “I can do that.”She looked at Lars and said. “I’ma good at me punshmnts!”
He asked. “Do you get a lot?”
Kammy laughed a sound of pure delight. “I likes cookies.”
“I have no idea what that means?”
Claire frowned, and it was not pretend this time as she told him. “For punishments June and Grace have the girls help clean their kitchens and or the dishes. Usually, after they have made cookies, they get to eat all the broken cookies and there are always lots of them.”
June said innocently. “It is sad to say, this is true.”
“It is how they get broken, no one admits too!” Grumbled Claire.
Lars laughed at the inventive way they disciplined his cub. He knew Claire was not upset even if she sounded like it. Claire’s attention was trapped by his laugh he held nothing back as he let the world hear his amusement. It was honest and genuine. It lightened her heart taking her by surprise at how much she enjoyed it.
CHAPTER SEVEN:

June said. “Well!”
As she eyed the fascinated Claire who was staring at her dragon like he was ice cream. No time like the present she thought, time to tackle a problem. “So while we are all here, we should all go look at the house. See how far you have gotten Claire?”
Kammy squealed with delight and clapped her hands. “Yes…Yes, show dada home.”
Claire looked startled and said weakly. “Well we don’t have to do that! We should really get home to the castle and tidy your place.”
Lars smiled. “I am sure we can put that off for a few hours. So let’s go and look at Kammy’s home. Is that alright June?”
“Oh, of course we can.”
Claire tried one more time with a sinking feeling in her stomach that it would not work. She looked at her soon to be mate and her best friend and then her daughter who was bouncing with excitement. And she plunged on, her voice faint as she tried to sway them against going to the house once more. “Look Lars must have many things he needs to do. We are interrupting him!”
Lars as did June, ignored her. Kammy continued to bounce up and down. “Let’s go dada. See new home mama got us.”
Claire groaned softly as Lars asked. “So you have a home here in town?”
Claire bit her bottom lip as she thought quickly and with a well-practiced sad sigh, she said. “Yeah but I suppose we have to live at the castle now, too bad!”
She was not expecting the damn male to grin and say. “Oh, that is amazing, I was just sitting here wondering at the possibilities of living here in town and look problem solved!”
Desperately Claire asked with June’s confused eyes on her. “Oh, we cannot ask that of you. Your family, the royals, will they allow it?”
He frowned as he asked. “Why would they not?”
Claire could see the hole, but she jumped anyway. “Well, you are one of them. Right?”
His voice became a little cooler as he said. “One of them! Please explain my shadow?”
Claire was in deep now but she kept going in the hopes she could dig her way out. “You know a royal. You live at the friggin castle and dress in clothes that cost a fortune. Your hair cut, cost probably more than my whole wardrobe, for example.” She stamped her foot at June who was smothering her laughter. Lars eyebrows had risen with each word she had spoken. Finally, she threw her hands into the air and growled defensively. “Do not get an attitude with me!”
Lars smiled at her tone. So cute! He told his dragon who said. She is hiding something!
You think?
“Now may be a good time to clear that misconception up. My shadow I am not royal in the way you mean. And I will not apologize for my clothes or hair. I earn the money I use to indulge in both.”
His voice June noticed, was the calm tones of a male who was dealing with a female he is unsure of, but thought adorable. She smiled inwardly as she thought Claire had finally met her match in the dragon.
Claire felt mean, an unusual feeling as she hunched her shoulders. “Yeah well, this is probably a good time to mention the other issues I have. With clothes and fancy stuff and mostly money!”
Lars gave her thoughtful look and waved his hand in the air. “Let us talk about this later, for now we should take our little one and see this house.”
June snapped her phone closed. “Cabs coming.”
Claire hung her head, staring at defeat in the face of their happiness. She huffed out a breath as she thought. Damn and double damn! Nothing for it now! She nodded in agreement as she gave in. What else was there to do?
After a short cab ride they were standing in an empty house on a lovely street that ran parallel from the main street of Dragon’s Gap. June stood with her mouth open.
Lars looked around surprised and impressed, it was amazing. This was the home she had chosen? He had designed this house along with several others in Dragon’s Gap and had enjoyed the experience. If he said so himself, it turned out well.
Kammy ran off to explore her new home. Claire stood still, her hands shoved deep into the back pockets of her jeans. Lars looked from one female to the other. What? He wondered was the problem. He did not have to wait too long to find out.
June roared loudly, unlike some females she did not screech, she roared. “Nothing! You have done nothing! There are not even carpets or curtains. NOTHING!”
Claire hunched her shoulders and shrugged a little apologetically saying. “I know.”
“It is not rocket science! Why?” June asked as she looked around the empty lounge again as if she might find some furniture she had missed the first time! “Nothing!” She shook her head in amazement. “Not a stick of furniture anywhere!” She looked at Claire like she was under a microscope and asked again. “Why?”
June and Lars stood looking at her as Kammy ran in and out of the rooms. Claire squirmed. “Because I was unsure what I was looking at. Nothing made sense, okay?”
Lars said. “I am obviously missing something. What is going on?” 
Claire refused to meet his or June’s eyes. June narrowed hers as she said with hands on her slim hips. “An unfurnished home.”
Lars looked bemusedly from one female to the other.
“Still I am in the dark.”
“She!” June said as she pointed at the shamed Claire. “Was placing furniture in here for the past three weeks. All ready for the big move in day. Which is in a week’s time or was!”
“Oh, I see!” He said as he looked at his dejected shadow.
June threw her hands up in the air. “Do you… Do you really? Why don’t you explain it to me?”
Lars took Claire’s hand in his and asked softly. “Claire my shadow, can you cook?” Surprised by the question they both looked at him.
June started to ask. “What has that…?
Lars raised one brow at her. She clamped her mouth shut on the rest of the question. Claire shrugged as she looked up into the gentle smiling face of her mate and sighed again. “I try but no I cannot.”
“I can attest to that!” June mumbled.
They ignored her as Lars asked. “You have no idea about a home do you?”
Relieved that he seemed like he understood. Claire answered. “No, I thought about it and looked at books and on the net but…” She fluffed her hair this was something she rarely did as she was very rarely flustered. “It was all so confusing…You know?”
He nodded. “I do!” At her skeptical look he assured her. “I do! Now as a dragon when we find our shadow, we can do two things!” Both she and June raised their eyebrows. Claire was the one to ask with a cheeky grin. “Only two?”
June asked. “What the hell has cooking, now dragon stuff to do with this?”
But again they ignored her. Lars grinned at Claire as he said. “Sassy! No I can do more than two things, which I will show you later.” Lars appreciated the anticipatory look that entered Claire’s eyes as he said. “For this exercise let us stay with this. Dragons will court their shadows, which can range from days to weeks.”
Claire scrunched her nose up at that. She wanted him with her and Kammy now. Shifters did not put off mating. Even half shifters could find themselves in trouble if they were courted for too long and too long was never an exact science. So not happening! Lars secretly smiled as his dragon did. Shadow does not like that!
Out loud he said. “I see like me that thought holds no appeal. So the other option is we can bond immediately!”
“What right now?” Claire on occasion was quite literal, she looked around at June as she asked. “Are you sure?”
He laughed as he hugged her. “No, not immediately I mean without courtship. It would entail you coming and staying in my apartment with me. And I will secure the help from June and Grace to furnish our home.” He looked at June who nodded. “Definitely Grace.”
Claire spread her hands helplessly. Oh…Oh! I like that. See I really just do not understand all that furniture stuff. You know?”
June said. “Why did you not say?”
Claire scowled. “I am a mother and an adult. I should be able to do this or at least that was what I hoped would happen.”
June nodded, as it all came together for her. The secretiveness, the never wanting to shop with her or Sage. Claire had never had a real home, not even in childhood. Her parents had been the criminal unstable sort, who traveled from city to city usually with police looking for them. So Claire would no more know what to place in a house to make it a home than she would be able to fly like a dragon.
June felt bad she should have realized and remembered Claire’s past, she hugged her as she said. “Yeah, I get that. We better include Sage. She will be pissed if we leave her out and then there will be sulking, loads of sulking.”
“True!” Claire said with a relieved laugh.
Lars said. “Same for Lady Verity. Mama will be upset but do not be fooled, that female is nasty when she is thwarted and this would be thwarting.”
They all grinned thinking of the sweet Verity being pissed. Finally, June asked them. “Okay so we have a plan?”
“We do?” Claire asked a little startled as she looked at her friend and mate.
“Yep, don’t worry, we have this. What do you think?” She asked Lars, who said with his arm around Claire. “Do you have a tablet?”
“Of course!” June took it from her purse.
“Well, let’s look around and make lists.” He removed his arm much to Claire’s regret and rubbed his hands together. “I love this, when I designed this house, I imagined it complete with furniture and fixtures.”
“Wait… Wait!” Claire said as June and she stood with opened mouths as Claire asked. “You designed this home?”
“I did! Several of us were asked to try and design a few homes, and this was one of mine. I can show you others I designed but I have to say this is the best of them.” He stood there, tall handsome and damn it, talented. Claire felt the lip of the well she was going to topple into. Love she knew was down at the bottom just waiting for her to dive feet first in.
“Oh my, is this fate or what?” June asked Claire who agreed. “It truly is!”
June said. “Yep! It is what we call magic!”
“Of course it is.” said Lars. “This is Dragon’s Gap!”
CHAPTER EIGHT:

They moved slowly through the house, every now and again Kammy would come and find them, if they were silent for too long.
Amazingly enough as they moved from room to room Claire did not find discussing furniture and fixtures. Now she knew what that meant intimidating or overwhelming at all or worse of all boring. With both Lars and June there to help and suggest items. Like it had been when she had spent hours searching for furniture. In truth they did most of the decision making which made it fun for Claire.
Lars said casually at one point. “As this is to be our home. We will have servants and luckily I have both a chef and butler that I know will be willing to work for us. I will ask them if they are interested.”
June nodded. “I am sure both Noah and Braxton will wish to come. Will they be live in?”
“Yes and no, the plans for this home included an apartment over the garage. I will have that installed, or they can live in town. In fact that may be a better idea as they both need to socialize, it has been a while since they did.”
June said. “I can sort that out. Would you like me to ask them both for you?”
Lars smiled and shook his head. “Thank you, but I will when they get back from vacation.”
“Oh, where did they go?”
“To a beach resort Reighn owns. It is a nice vacation place, you should visit.” June smiled and got a dreamy look on her face. “You know I just might. It sounds great.”
 Claire came out of her daze that the words servants had put her in, and asked. “We what now?”
He and June looked at her as they all entered a kitchen that could be appreciated even by those that could not cook. All three of them sighed at the large room with gleaming granite counters in soft greys and whites. It came with a butler’s pantry and stainless steel appliances so new they shone. They stood on wooden oak floors that echoed the elegance of the kitchen and dining room.
The large separate dining area was stunning with large glass doors and soft grey painted walls. Lars said to Claire as she looked around her. “Braxton and Noah work for me. They are brothers former Hunter and Shield. Noah is the chef, a very good one. Braxton is a butler or man servant whichever you want to call him. He is trained and is very good. We cannot take one without the other.”
Claire smiled there was more to the story about the brothers, she could tell from the warmth in Lars voice as he spoke of them. She would ask about them at another time, for now all she said was. “Of course you could not. Will they want to work for Kammy and me?”
“They are dragons of course they will, but I will ask.” He said when he saw her doubtful face. “I swear they will.”
“Okay.”
Lars spread his arms out as he walked into the dining area and said. “Now I imagined a large twelve seater table here.”
Claire nodded and said. “Wood, with royal blue cushions on the chairs.” She looked out the large glass doors that led out onto a huge covered in patio. “With a similar table and chairs for outside, it will flow, and we will need a swimming pool. Kammy needs to swim, tigers like swimming and a playground over there. That way we can sit on the patio and watch her.” She asked softy. “Can you see it?” Lars took her hand and kissed the work roughened palm. “I can, very clearly my shadow.”
June asked, “I thought you said you were no good at this?”
Claire looked puzzled for a minute, “I just know that it is right!”
June mumbled. “Oh okay then. Good!”
Lars tucked Claire’s hand in his arm and said. “For the lounge…” And on they went again with Claire voicing every now and again something she saw. Something she knew was meant to be there. Not once did June or Lars scoff at her ideas, they just wrote them down and added them to the list. In two hours Kammy was in Lars arms, and Claire was exhausted. June said. “Lunch and then nap for little tigers.”
Lars agreed. “Let me take you all to lunch.” And then he told Claire. “While Kammy naps, we should go to my place and see what we would like to have shipped here?”
“Well that is a new one on come and see my etchings!” June snickered.
“Hush female.” Snarled Claire, “Ruining the moment.”
June laughed as she went outside to hail the cab. Lars said just in case Claire was unsure. “Claire, my shadow. She is not wrong you know!”
“Oh, I know.” He was sure he heard her mutter as she walked out the door. “It better be what I am thinking!”
Shifters were impatient when they found their mates, bonding needed to happen to secure the relationship as soon as possible. Claire needed it sooner rather than later. Trust was an enormous issue for her, having Lars committed to their relationship, bound to her and Kammy was essential to meet her and her cat’s needs. To secure him physically to her so she would believe he would not leave her, was essential to her.
Lunch was a mixture of laughter and great food. Kammy fell more under Lars spell. She just loved her new daddy especially when Lars promised her, she could meet his dragon the following morning. And he would definitely take her for a fly over the castle so Molly could see she had a dragon daddy too.
When she grew, tired Lars placed her on his knee and his dragon sang for her. She joined in with her purr until she went to sleep, it was adorable. Claire lost what was left of her heart to the dragon. She fell into the well, just tipped right on over the side and yes there it was, love at the bottom. Like she knew it would be just waiting for her!
They drove back to the castle, and June took Kammy for her nap and to get started on the orders for Claire and Lars’s home. She was also going to notifying her work force.
Lars took Claire to his apartment. She was stupefied when she walked in and became more agitated as she moved through each room. In his kitchen was every appliance known to man. And every one of them looked as though they were used often. The same could not be said for the lounge suite. It barely looked used and when she peeked a look inside his expensive lavish bathroom she felt a whimper start in her throat. Which became more of a whine when she looked inside his closets and found it was full of expensive clothes. All types from suits to jeans.
On the walls throughout the apartment were swords and all manner of well-used weapons. When she came to a stop in the middle of his lounge facing him. She could not fail to see all the pieces of art mixed with weapons that decorated the walls and tables. The place was so not what she expected. She had thought it would be a bachelor’s apartment with beer, pizza boxes and clutter all over the surfaces and the normal male’s huge TV.
It was not, everything was in its place and tidy. So damn tidy. This was nothing like her, in fact as hard as she tried she was not a tidy person. She shook her head slowly from side to side.
Lars took a step towards her… She took one back as her hand curled over her heart. He stopped, his head tipped to the side studying her, softly he asked. “What is it my shadow?”
“Oh Lars no… No… This! She threw her hands out. “We can never work.” She whispered as she looked around the elegantly furnished room. Everywhere she looked was class and sophistication.
Lars’s dragon panicked when he saw his shadow start to fold in on herself. Fix our shadow! She is sad. Say something. What do we do?
Lars eyes narrowed as he thought back over the morning and then her attitude to himself and his family. He looked around seeing his home through her eyes and not his.
“My shadow, are you saying a few things that can be broken, replaced and discarded are more important than what we can generate together. What we can have, as a family? I live like this because I live alone. My apartment is well suited to a bachelor that has lived for many years by himself, to please himself. I have gone through the messy stage. The never be at home stage. The nothing in the house stage. The so cluttered Mama Verity threatened to burn the castle down just to clean it stage.” Claire was laughing now as she looked at him. “I am at the, everything in its place stage but that too will pass I am sure. And truthfully since Braxton and Noah arrived it is even neater and cleaner. They are good at that.” He shrugged as he saw her starting to relax. “I am sure you have been gathering things over the years as I have, while I waited for you and Kammy to enter my life. Unlike you I have had many more years to gather things. So I am asking are you saying no to us because you think I will weigh you against them.”
Claire wanted to shout. Yes of course I am! I am just a street kid who came from criminal parents. But as she stood there looking at her mate, a male that thought no more for the couch he sat on. Than she did for the shirt she had put on that morning. She realized three things. One, she was better than this weak female standing here before her mate with all these insecurities. And two, objects no matter how expensive they were, did not make the person. Only family, love and truth did! Three, she was no longer that street kid, that scared unwanted child who needed the camouflage of her clothes to hide from people. The same one who had kept people at a distance, to protect herself.
She was able to protect herself. She did so every day for her and Kammy. Armed with words and if needed, a gun and if she found she was unable too. Then this wonderful marvellous dragon, that stood here with her now and saw beneath the clothes to only her, would.
Softly she assured him. “No…No, I am not, but I also know I am better than what I have allowed myself to believe. I dressed like this!” She waved her hand down her body, not realizing Lars tongue became glued to the roof of his mouth with wanting. “For protection to discourage those that I did not trust. I used my camouflage well, but I suspect it is time to discover who I am now without it. So before this goes any further, can you help me with a new look? To find a new me?”
He stalked her, she could call it nothing else but stalking as he paced towards her. “I happen to like how you dress but in saying that I understand your need to change, as we all are doing. To evolve from the old to the new, so to that end we will keep your style but add quality agreed?”
She grinned. “Yes very much and hair, I like my hair but a little tender loving care may be in order.”
“Your hair is just fine as it is!” He said as she moved away from him and he tracked her. “I so enjoy hair that has its own personality. We will leave that alone!”
“Well if you insist.” She backed into the bedroom as she tore her tee shirt over her head. At the same time she kicked off her boots and brought a hand to her jeans zipper. She started to lower it. Every muscle in his body had tensed as she revealed her luscious breasts wrapped in some grey cloth, while her hand moved over the zipper he growled. “Wait!”
Her face paled. “I am sorry, I thought…”
He stepped quickly to her, growling low in his throat.
“My shadow, do not apologize, I just… and his voice lowered even more becoming more dragon than human. “I just wish to unwrap the rest myself. I have thought of nothing else since I saw your delectable body walk towards me!”
Claire lowered her eyes demurely as she breathlessly said. “Oh… Oh! I see! Well, I would hate to deprive you of something you have wanted to do.” A smile blossomed over her small face, deepening the green of her eyes as he reached out a hand and removed hers from her zip.
He moved with her towards the bed as they lowered to the mattress, he leant nearer and finally… finally, he kissed her. While one hand slipped behind her back to unsnap her serviceable bra. Which he thought they would definitely rectify, breasts like these needed to be worshiped not bound and controlled. Once his bounty was released, he lowered the zip and pushed her jeans to the floor revealing sweet pink panties. Lars almost swallowed his tongue as he hoarsely told her. “My sweet you are full of surprises!”
Barely able to form words she mumbled. “You better be too… mate!”
Which made him laugh until she dragged his mouth to hers again and they fell deeper into the plush bed, with sighs and groans of satisfaction.
CHAPTER NINE:

Lars stood in Reighn’s office as his brother paced back and forwards in front of him.
“No, I forbid it!”
“My Lord! My brother!”
“No! As your Lord and your brother. I will never allow it!”
Lars smiled as he stood in front of Reighn and his mother. His other brothers, either sat or leaned against the walls around the room. Why they were all here in Reighn’s office was purely his annoying younger brother Keepers fault. The big mouth had seen Claire and Lars together entering Lars apartment. He had coerced June, who was still new to the castle. And did not know the castle fed on gossip to tell him everything.
Some hours later when he had come from his apartment leaving his shadow asleep and well satisfied. He was ambushed.
His dragon agreed. Yes, that was the word! Brother Keeper is annoying. I bet our shadow is all warm and waiting for us. We should challenge him to a swim. Then stand on his head.
I am sure she is. But remember papa said we were not allowed to do that anymore? His dragon’s sigh was a gust of wind through his mind before he stated. We were dragonets then!
Lars sent him a smile as he said. True but this is family, family first. Remember!
Shadow and cub are family now.
Well true but these are family too!
“Is this right my son? Have you found your shadow?” Asked a slightly hurt Verity.
Lars smiled as he inclined his head. “I was coming to tell you mama but as usual the news traveled faster than I did. I apologize.” He gave Keeper a hard look of retribution which he answered with a grin.
Lars hugged Verity and said. “It is Claire Nash mama, she and Kammy or should I say Kammy…” He went on to tell them about his first meeting with Kammy. They all laughed even Reighn at the audacity of the sweet cub.
Reighn sighed as he looked at the love and amazement on his brother’s face while he told them of Kammy and then Claire. He knew people saw the same expression on his face when he spoke of the wonder. The joy of having young ones and of finding his shadow. Damn it! He said to his dragon. Our brother is to leave us!
We will see him, and he has his own shadow and cub. This is a good time. Our brother is no longer sad.
Reighn agreed, but he did not want his brother to live away from the castle. Although as he remembered the frank and honest report Claire had written about her life until she arrived at Dragon’s Gap. He saw she would need the space of a house rather than an apartment. She would have a need to have her home closer to town. The vibrant life of the streets would always call to her. It was what held her grounded, at least until Lars and her young took over from that. He would, of course give his permission for Lars to leave the castle, the knee jerk reaction was fear based.
He loved his brother and knew the torment he had endured, the fear he held that he was like his parents. It was only weeks ago he had discovered the depths of their betrayal and had to grieve their deaths. Lars had gone through many changes since then, maybe living outside the castle would be good for him. Their Dam must have thought the same as he heard her say. “I expect you and your family to attend Sunday family day. There will be no excuse, Claire and Kammy are ours now. Sunday is for us all to unite as family!”
Lars kissed her cheek. “I agree mama just like Stanvis did. I will make sure Claire knows of the Sunday tradition you are starting.”
Reighn grinned as his dragon said. See mama has laid the law down!
He at least would see his brother every day. Reighn nodded as he said to Lars. “I don’t like it but I understand the need you and Claire have. So you will remain my Prime which will never change, she understands this?”
“Yes, she does and no it does not change, forever brother!” They clasped arms then Reighn pulled him in for a hug as he whispered. “And brother of my heart that will always be so!”
Lars nodded, too choked up to speak. Then Reighn sighed loudly as he let him go. “I suppose we have to help you move all that stuff you prize?”
This was accompanied by groans and excuses from the other males. Lars laughed as he said. “Well as to that…” He told them what had happened with Claire’s house.
Verity flew from the room with a kiss on his cheek and a quick. “Good bye dear. I am happy for you. I must talk to Grace, I wonder why June has not contacted me.”
Keeper asked. “Did you check your phone?”
“Oh my phone, I forgot!” She grumbled crossly as she pulled it from her pocket and sure enough there were several messages from June, Sage, Edith and Grace. “I am gone.”
Reighn looked at the empty doorway and said. “This deserves a drink. My place let’s go!”
Lars sighed as he messaged Claire who had just come from the shower, she grinned and sent him a message back. Family first my mate!
He sent back. You are my family.
Just then there was banging on the apartment door and Sage burst in followed by Edith and June. “How could you bond, and without me?”
Claire quickly messaged Lars. Oops, I’m in trouble Sage here, later. She asked a slightly stunned Sage. “Did you want to be here?” She waved her hand around the bedroom.
“Eww! Dear Goddess, no, you whack job. Just you know?” She flapped her hands around.
“It’s like code.” Edith to June as she watched the two females. She nodded. “Some kind of weird shorthand.”
Edith laughed. “I thought us shifters were all okay with the mating and sex stuff. You know all free and wild like?”
Sage and Claire turned and stared at her. June grinned as Sage said with attitude, totally not called for, thought Edith.
“We shifters. If that was true, why are you and Sharm always sneaking off to unknown places all the time?”
“Yes well, I call that free and wild!” Edith quipped. “So are we doing girls night or what?”
“Of course!” Sage turned to Claire and asked. “Well?”
“Oh….oh well… you know it was all Kammy…” She then went on to explain how she and Lars found out they were mates finishing with. “I am sorry it was so fast.”
Edith nudged June with raised eyebrows saying. “I don’t think she means that!”
“Well, you never know!” June answered as they all looked at Claire, who blushed and snarled. “Shut it all of you. Seriously my lips are sealed!”
Sage sighed. “Well as she is not talking. I will take care of food and drinks. June your job is to call everyone. Let’s get this going.” With phones glued to their ears, they left the apartment.
“Who is all of them?” Claire asked Edith who had dropped into an arm chair saying. “You better dress in comfortable clothes. There will be games. Loads of friggin games and if it is anything like my night, it is the whole damn castle and town plus the Faerie Grove and they can really party!” She laughed at the look on Claire’s face. “Welcome to the friggin family sister!”
“Well shit!”
Edith laughed again. “Exactly!”
Claire phoned Lars. “Hi!”
“Hello shadow, what are you doing?”
“Apparently there is a girl’s night.”
“I see and what happens on these nights?”
“Well, Edith says there will be games. Did you not go to Edith and Sage’s night?”
“Well I did but sadly I do not remember too much!”
Claire smiled he sounded so unsure that he had been there or not. “Well I called to tell you there will be drinking lots and lots of drinking.”
“Huh! That I remember, which is why I am unsure what I am to say to that. Oh Reighn says it is normal and apparently we males are to attend.”
“Well, it can get unruly as Sage and Edee’s night did. Apparently it was wild.”
Edith was grinning remembering Lars and Stan playing chicken while so drunk that Verity had ended up taking the knife away and replacing it with a banana, which, if she remembered rightly they had not noticed.
Lars said. “Again I am not sure what to respond to that, other than to say Reighn says Kammy will stay with Molly and Ava and their nannies.”
“Okay, that is good. So now you can have a drink too!” She heard a smile in his voice as he said. “I am way ahead of you. My brothers have opened the dragon’s ale.”
Claire closed her eyes. Dragon’s ale was not for the faint hearted it was potent. Whiskey was lemonade compared to Dragons’ ale. She, Sage and June had all tried it not long after they had arrived at Dragon’s Gap, it took two days for her to come around again. She looked at Edith and asked. “Edee have you tried Dragon’s ale?”
Edith scowled. “No Sharm says it is too potent.” She eyed Claire and asked eagerly. “I could try it tonight?”
“Oh most definitely.” Claire replied, she said to Lars. “Tell Sharm to be prepared. Edee is trying Dragon’s ale.”
“Dear Goddess!”
She whispered into the phone as she watched the impatient Edith pace, waiting for her to finish her call. “It cannot be that bad.”
His reply did not reassure her. “We will find out. I will see you tonight or tomorrow.”
“Dear goddess!” she said as he hung up.
“I should dress.” said Claire worried about Lars until Edith distracted her with. “Well hurry up, where can I get ale from, you know I missed all the action on my night. This will be fun with a capital F!”
Claire wide eyed looked at her and said. “Oh well okay then. Do not worry June will have some. It is almost a tradition.”
CHAPTER TEN:

In the following six days Lars and his shoppers brought everything right down to the knives and forks for their new home. All his weapons had been taken to an empty storage room on the utility level of the castle.
The day before the move into their new home, his apartment had been stripped and packed. Only leaving the bare essentials for the couple and Kammy to use until they left. Lars had decided on some renovations to their home before they moved in. So everything he and the ladies had ordered other than drapes and carpeting had been delivered to the castle, much to Lars’s satisfaction and the consternation of his brothers, who managed to moan and groan every time they saw a delivery arrive.
Both Lars and Claire were getting a home office each. The apartment above the garage was being built and a swimming pool and playground were being installed.
Kammy’s bedroom and playroom were having murals painted by faeries a gift from Queen Scarlett. The one in her bedroom was of dragons flying, swimming and jumping or in any position that could be thought of. Every dragon looked like Lars and his brothers and her grandfather at Kammy’s insistence of course. Since she had gone flying with her new daddy, she was even more obsessed with them.
The mural for the playroom was of a jungle with all types of big cats as well as bears and wolves hiding amongst the greenery. Claire had pointed out a faerie hiding in the flowers to Molly and Kammy. They had spent the rest of the day searching for animals and faeries. It seemed to Lars that when the girls did find either a faerie or animal it would disappear and reappear somewhere else. Or maybe others were being added. Magic was a wonderful thing especially faerie magic. Sage had grinned when he had asked her. She had placed her finger against her lips and said. “Magic!” So he guessed he was right…
Conor Towers turned out to be an ideal instructor for Kammy. He had taken her and Molly and surprisingly Jacks for a run several times since Claire and Kammy had come to live with him. It seemed to go well, Conor was now looking at setting up adult shifters with younger ones as mentors to help them with shifting and runs.
Kammy and Molly adored the huge Lion who treated them with firm kindness. A tiger would have to be found for lessons later on but for now Conor was happy to mentor the cubs.
Moving day was finally upon them, Kammy was up early. So excited she could barely sit still to eat her breakfast. Lars seemed distracted he kept turning his head left to right and several times she or Claire had to repeat themselves when they spoke. Finally, Claire asked. “Lars are you okay? Is everything alright, we can move another day.”
“What…No…No! I am sorry, everything is fine my dragon is just excited I guess, like Kammy. All will be fine, I am looking forward to our new home.”
“Well if you are sure?”
“My soul I am.” He kissed her. Yet Claire felt his attention was divided. Still he joined in on the conversations with her and Kammy and when his brothers came to collect boxes, he joked with them as though nothing was wrong.
Four hours later Lars stood in amongst the boxes and furniture in what was to become the play room for Kammy. His shadow and her friends were debating the placement of the furniture in the formal lounge. It sounded like June was winning, which was good it would save him moving it later. He and Verity had spent the better part of yesterday doing the layout for furniture in each room.
He was pleased as was his dragon that they were finally ready to start their new lives in their new home. Braxton and Noah were delighted to be asked to stay and both agreed to come and work for them. Claire had liked the males on sight, Lars thought maybe it was because they had been Shields and Hunters so she felt comfortable with them. After much debate it was decided Noah and Braxton’s days off would be Saturday and Sunday. The only one happy about this decision had been Claire. Lars and the brothers had tried to persuade her that it was not necessary, even Kammy gave it her best shot. But Claire was adamant that they could manage. “I am sure we can manage for one day, and we go to family day at the castle on Sunday.” Frowning at their concern she had asked Lars, Noah and Braxton. “I do not understand why you are worried?”
Lars had hurriedly explained that they were worried about her doing too much on her days off. She had eyed the three males suspiciously but had not pushed the point. When she had left the room, he made Noah promise to fill the freezer with food. Lars had been warned and not just by Kammy, Sage and June had also told him of Claire’s inability to cook. And yet he still tried to eat the surprise breakfast she had made for him just after moving her and Kammy into his place…
He had taken one fork full of scrambled eggs and given up. Still to this day he was unsure how she could kill eggs as badly as she had done. He had taken her and Kammy to breakfast. Then hurried Noah into service.
Both Braxton and Noah had elected to live in town. The brothers were moving into their own apartments in a small block of twenty apartments with other Hunters and Shields retired and still active as neighbors. They were extremely happy to be finally out of the Axton’s property and starting to have social life. Lars had heard through Johner. Braxton had even been on several dates.
Kammy was enchanted with both males, especially when she saw their dragons. Lars noticed when he had arrived this morning both dragons had been added to the mural now.
They had moved almost all the heavy furniture in, and the appliances had been put in place the day before. All that was left were boxes from Lars apartment. And the large dining room table which his brothers, all six of them were heaving through the patio doors as he watched. He had offered to help and been not so politely turned down. Apparently there were enough hands doing enough damage, it had taken them fifteen minutes to decide on how they were to approach the problem. Now with a lot of growling and cursing the table had become jammed. He was thinking of offering his advice on the fact their mother and Grace had arrived but they appeared before he could and the cussing instantly ceased. With his head cocked to the side, Lars was listening hard to a sound he had been hearing on and off for some time. He asked his dragon. Do you hear that?
I do, where is it coming from?
Lars turned his head slightly and tried to visualize what it was he was hearing, it was so faint as to be only a murmur of sound. I do not know, are we the only ones to be hearing this?
I think we are.
He realized he had been hearing the sound since late the night before which caused him to wake repeatedly throughout the night. He turned his head again trying to get a fix on the location. He came to the conclusion he indeed was the only one able to hear the sound. He was sure it was not harmful, but it was definitely a cry for attention or at least that was what his dragon thought.
Claire’s hand touching his face brought him back to the here and now. When his eyes focused on her, he asked. “My heart what is it?” Concerned by the worried look on her face.
“You tell me, you are distracted. Your attention is somewhere else. What is going on?”
Only then did he realize everyone was looking at him. Frowning he lifted his head and scented the air. “Something or someone is calling as no one seems to hear it but my dragon and me. I would say it is calling for me. The call sounds distressed and in pain I think. It is so faint it is hard to know and get a location.” As he looked around at all the dragons there and said. “It seems I am right. None of you are hearing the sound?”
With a quick look to everyone there and receiving negative shakes of their heads. Reighn asked. “What is it?”
“I do not know it just calls for me.”
Soon all the dragons were scenting the air. Keeper stepped out of the front door and looked around the street. He came back in and told them. “Nothing out there.”
Storm did a quick look around the backyard. “Nothing out there.”
Claire said. “It seems to me someone is trying to get your attention my shadow. Why don’t we go and fly to see if we can find the sound?”
Sharm and Keeper said together. “We will come with you!”
“Really!” Edith asked. “Both of you?”
Sharm said. “My soul, he may need me.”
Keeper grinned. “Oh brother no. Do not worry. I will go and help. You stay here and lift and push furniture.”
Sharm sent him a warning growl and his was not the only one, every male there did so. Before they could protest or stop him he raced out the door and was airborne in seconds. Storm said to his mother. “I told you he was not necessary when he hatched.” She laughed at him. He was not amused.
“Wish he moved like that when we were carrying that thing!” Stan grumbled as he pointed to the large dining table which made the females grin.
Lars took Claire’s hand, “We will not be long. June has the plan.”
Reighn’s. “You better not be…” The rest of what he was going to say was halted when Sage poked him with her elbow. “Go…Go!” She waved them away.
Lars went outside shifted and a beautiful navy blue dragon, fifty foot long with slate colored eyes stood in his place. Claire sighed as she said. “Oh my goddess you are really beautiful. It does not matter how many times I see you, I still feel the same. Awed at your magnificence.” She stroked her hand over the scales on his side. “Delightful, my very own dragon.”
He murmured back to her and then they heard Molly and Kammy both screech. “Dada!”
“Unca Lars”
Claire hurried around his snout as she said. “Quick let’s go, before they see you. How they know when one of you shifts I don’t understand. They must have you lojacked.”
With a leap and help from him lifting his leg a little, she was astride the dragon in seconds. Then they were in the air just as the first wail was heard from the doorway. When Claire felt her dragon slow, she tapped his side and mind sent. Do not even think of it. She will be fine!
But she is so small!
You are not her toy. She has to learn. Now concentrate someone other than your daughter may need you!
He sighed but carried on flying, they were met by Keeper, and the two dragons flew in circles above Dragon’s Gap. Claire could tell Lars was listening intently and when he finally heard what he was listening for he zeroed in on the ground and together the dragons flew down. Landing in front of the medical center.
Claire slipped from his back. “Here?” She asked as Lars and Keeper went from dragon to human again.
He nodded. “Yes here!” Lars rushed into the medical wing of the center with Claire and Keeper following close behind.
“My Lord Lars what can I do for you?” Ella asked.
“I do not know, something has called me here.”
Ella acknowledged both Claire and Keeper with a nod and a smile as she asked. “What is it Prime Lars?”
“If I knew I would tell you.” He said absently. Claire moved to stand between them when Ella moved back from the slightly distraught male. She looked at Claire wide eyed. “I have never seen my Lord like this before.”
Soothingly Claire replied. “Neither have we. So we are sort of going with the flow here. Apparently he is hearing something none of us can, and we are following the sound.”
Ella said. “He thinks it is coming from here?”
“That is the theory.” Claire replied as they turned to watch him. Lars moved into the middle of the room and was slowly turning in a circle. Then he stalled on a half turn and pointed towards a dark, crimson, three paneled screen that stood in a dim corner. With his dragon in his voice, he asked. “What is behind there?”
Healer Donald Patten, came hurrying past the other three, not even noticing who was there. His eyes were only on Lars he arrived out of breath and apologetic. “My Lord Prime Lars, no one told me you were here. I am in charge.”
He gave Ella a searing look which Claire was glad to see she returned. But she still moved slightly in front of Ella to block his line of sight to her friend. Apparently the look annoyed Keeper who shifted restlessly where he stood.
As with Edith, Claire did not like Healer Donald. She knew there was something not right with him but could not put her finger on what it was. The male was always overly polite to her and June. Which seemed to set her cougar on alert. One day she would figure it out until then, she like June, kept out of his way.
He asked Lars. “Obviously no one is here to aid you. So my Lord what can I help you with?”
Claire made a half snort, half growl in her throat for the slight to Ella. Lars asked. “I wish to know what or who is behind that screen.”
Donald looked confused as to why Lars was asking the question but he answered anyway. “That is an unfortunate infant, barely alive, not of course a hatchling. Sadly he will not survive much longer.”
Claire gasped as she said. “Ella, did you know about this?”
Surprised Ella shook her head. “No I just got on duty. Donald was not here when I arrived!”
“How long ago was that?” Claire asked anger starting to simmer in her stomach.
“Thirty minutes ago. I just entered the ward as you arrived.”
“I will seriously have words with Sharm about this. It is not good enough.” Claire stated anger in her tones.
Ella nodded. “I as well.”
Donald said in his pompous voice that grated on Claire’s nerves. “Please I was occupied elsewhere. Our Lord Sharm understands I cannot be everywhere. What would you have me do? It is not like I have help, what with Ella off all the time.”
Ella growled along with Claire and funnily enough Keeper. A little perturbed by the sounds Donald swallowed and nervously moved closer to Lars. “My Lord the infant was brought in late last night and has deteriorated ever since. We ascertain it is only three days old. We do not know what species it is or who brought the infant in. It was just here in a crib.”
No one there missed hearing the slight sneer and disinterest or lack of compassion in his voice or the many times he referred to the infant as an, it.
Claire asked her temper barely controlled. “Why did you not call Edith and ask her to help you?”
Donald gave her a condescending smile as he said. “Lady Claire, it is highly unlikely a person could actually do what is rumored she can!”
“Her shadow knows she is able to.” Stated Keeper his dragon making his voice sound deeper and darker. Ella shivered in response to the danger in his tones. Keeper said in the quiet calm tones of a confident dragon warrior. “As my brother seems to be concerned elsewhere, I will warn you only once healer. Do not use that tone again with his shadow and that is not a rumor. Lord Lars and Lady Claire are bonded.”
Lars snapped into awareness, he looked at the angered Keeper and the closed face of his shadow and said to Donald. “Leave now!”
Showing his whole attention had not been entirely on the infant behind the screen. Donald blustered. “My Lord I apologize as I did not know.”
“NOW!” His dragon growled. “Do not let me see you again for a while. Leave!”
Keeper moved ever so slightly but it was enough for the healer, he almost ran from the room. Lars looked at Claire. “I am sorry Claire.”
She waved his apology away. “Nothing I haven’t heard before.” He gave her one hard look then let it go for now and asked Ella. “Now healer Ella can you help me?”
“Of course Prime Lars.”
They all moved to the screen as Ella moved closer to Claire she asked. “Why would we talk to Edee?”
Before she could answer, Lars told her. “Edee can sense the age, species and date of birth of all species. Did you not get the memo?”
“No Prime Lars, I did not.”
“She did not tell you?” Claire asked.
A little hurt Ella shook her head. Claire looked at the female. “I bet she thought you knew already!”
Ella frowned. “Maybe.”
Claire leant nearer. “Seriously with what she has gone through in the last few days, are you going to be mad at her?”
Ella exclaimed. “Oh no, she is my friend.”
“Exactly!” Then Claire said to Lars. “Lars I will look into it!”
“Thank you Claire.” He pulled the screen away, and they all saw the very tiny baby who was no longer than twelve inches in length and barely took up any room in the small bassinet.
“Oh my Goddess. So small!” Claire cried.
“What is wrong with him?” Lars asked as he lifted the hatchling from the bed he smiled slightly and asked. “He is male?”
Ella was reading the chart. “Yes male, it seems he will not settle or sleep for long periods. He will not take any formula, and they seemed to have tried them all. It does not say why and what tests were done.”
“So they leave him alone to die?” Said a trembling Claire, anger so intense shook her small frame. Lars soothed her. “Hush my shadow. We will get to the bottom of this,” He asked Ella. “By whose orders?”
Ella blanched as she read the signature on the bottom of the chart. “Healer Donald’s. My Lord.”
“Of course.” Lars looked at the small hatchling in his hands and knew he was his. That even as small as this little scrap of a miracle was he had called for him. He looked up at his brother who had moved closer and as his dragon surfaced he placed his face near to the infants and sniffed. Ours! Said his dragon. Our hatchling!
Yes ours! Agreed Lars as he looked at Keeper and said. “Brother he needs you.”
Keeper moved past Claire with a soft squeeze to her arm in reassurance. He placed his large hand on the hatchlings forehead and over his eyes, his dragon sighed and grunted.
Too much pain, too much guilt for a small one.
Keeper told him. Little hatchling carries too much weight which is not his. Yes, his mother died but not because of him. I should imagine bad life choices. He is lucky to be alive!
His dragon snorted. Strong! Hatchling is very strong to call for brother and shadow. To know who he needs for parents.
Keeper smiled. I agree, now it is time to give him relief.
Together they removed the feelings surrounding his birth and any memories of the female that carried him. There seemed to be deaths the infant was sure that happened as he came into the world. So they removed those memories as well. They looked to see if the little one knew how he arrived at Dragon’s Gap but he did not.
A mystery for another day! Said his dragon. Let us give him serene hatchling memories.
Yes my friend. 
So they went to work doing what they did best. And gave the baby memories of Claire and Lars and the sound of their voices. Then Keepers dragon who adored Kammy they placed her voice along with her laugh in the baby’s memory. They introduced voices of the remainder of the family as echoes in his mind, familiar but not as clear as his parents and Kammy’s. Similar to what a hatchling would hear in a womb. When he was finished, he removed his hand and took the baby from Lars and gave him a cuddle. He was surprised that the baby had grey eyes. “Well will you look at that, the same eyes as his daddy’s!” He said as he handed him back to Lars who took him gingerly. “Claire my love he needs you!” He said quickly as the hatchling’s face scrunched up and he weakly mewled in distress.
“Oh, I bet he is hungry.” Claire smiled at Ella as she handed her a small diaper and singlet and a tiny jumpsuit in blue. Claire placed socks on his feet and dressed him like she had been doing it forever. Then she swaddled him and wrapped a blanket around his small body.
Ella handed her a bottle, and she found a seat and started to feed the hungry hatchling. “So now we know he is not sick.” Said Ella softly as she stroked her finger down the soft baby cheek while the hatchling sucked furiously at the bottle.
Keeper agreed. “Now his memories of before are gone. He will settle and grow.”
Claire smiled. “You better call home and arrange a nursery my love and you Uncle Keeper should call the family and let them all know.”
Both males grinned and saluted her. Lars said “As you say mommy.”
Ella said. “I will arrange his formula and diapers.”
Minutes later Keeper said as he shut his phone off. “Mama said she and Grace will shop now for clothes.”
“He is very small.” She told him.
He grinned. “I sent a photo, and Reighn said he needs a name to record the claim. Do you have a name?”
“That is his daddy’s department. I named Kammy.”
Keeper said quietly as he watched her and the baby. “Edith will wait for you, Sharm has gone to talk to Donald.”
“Wow that was quite the phone call!”
Keeper nodded to Lars who was just ending his call. “Your shadow got to him before me.”
“Oh, I see!”
Lars came back. “All settled, June and Sage are setting up the nursery.”
“They can get furniture?” Claire asked, visualizing the baby sleeping in an empty drawer until tomorrow. He smiled as he kissed her forehead. “She is the Dragon Lady, yes she can.”
“Oh well, I forgot that.” Relieved Claire rocked her baby boy and nodded. “We will be home as soon as he is finished his bottle. Why do you think he can eat now?”
Lars said. “He is in his mamas arms, and his father is here to protect him. Why should he not. He was pining for us.”
Claire smiled. “Yeah, that is what I thought.”
Ella tentatively asked. “Would it not be better for him to remain here for a few days, until he puts on weight Lady Claire?”
Claire lifted her head from the study of her son and smiled at Ella. “Firstly why were you not at girl’s night?”
Ella smiled. “I have been away visiting the family estate.” By her tone and the look in her eyes, it had not been fun.
“Well next girl’s night, you will be there!”
“Yes Lady Claire.”
“Now as to why it will not be good for him to stay here. I would be underfoot every minute of the day and if I wasn’t these two would and then there is the rest of the family. No for your peace of mind and the units. It will be better if we take him home.”
Keeper said. “Would your staff really like our Dam and Grace as well as the Dragon Lord here all day, every day?”
“No… No! I am sure that would not be good.” Ella breathed out.
Lars laughed as he said. “Then there is Lady Sage and June not to mention Edee!”
Keeper said imagine. “Molly and Kammy!”
“Alright I think she has it now.” Said Claire taking pity on the poor healer. Lars told Ella. “He called for me to come for him. We cannot abandon him now. Home is where he needs to be and I am sure you or Sharm will visit every day.”
“Well, that is true.” She agreed.
Lars came to Claire and stroked a finger down the hatchling’s cheek. “He needs to feel wanted, to feel the love of his mother’s arms and his father’s heart. Looking up into his face a face that had become so dear to her so quickly. Claire placed her small hand on his cheek. “Yes, he does. He also needs a name to know he is a part of the whole.”
Just then Edith arrived. “I am sorry we could not wait. Sharm needed to talk to someone. You know the T.W.A.T!”
Claire and Ella barely stopped their laugh. It was well-known Edith and Donald did not get on.
Edith hugged Ella. “Hey you! We missed you at girl’s night.”
Ella sighed. “I missed you too. Sadly I had to go to the family estate.”
Edith pushed her a little away. “Ella, you should have told me. I would have gone with you.”
“Edee it was okay, honest.” She smiled, but Edith could still see the hurt in her eyes.
“Well okay!” She said as she turned to Claire and Lars telling them. “Plus your mothers are crazy, running around like the world is ending. So I and Kammy and Molly came here to hide.”
Kammy said worriedly. “Edee say we can.”
Lars told her and Molly. “Of course you can my kitten and you too Molly. Come see the hatchling.”
Both girls moved over very slowly and looked into the wrinkled face of the small hatchling as he drank his bottle, his eyes were closed. Kammy said. “He is squishy.”
Claire laughed with the others then said to Kammy. “He will not be so squishy when he is a little older.”
She looked at her mother doubtfully as she said. “Kay mama.”
Molly stood looking at the baby, her face screwed up in a frown then she looked under Claire. “Edee where babbie?”
Edith looking confused and said. “Kammy’s mama is holding him honey.”
Molly looked at Edith, then Claire, then the hatchling. She held her hands apart and asked as though she was not sure. “Babbie small?”
Edith grinned as she nodded her head. “Yep but he will grow.”
She too looked doubtful as she repeated what Kammy had said, “Kay Edee.” Together the girls looked at each other as much to say adults were so crazy.
Keeper said to the girls. “You know you two started out like that?”
They both looked at him and blinked, then they shook their heads, “You funny unca Keepa!” Kammy said.
Molly said. “Me not!”
To forestall the brewing argument Keeper and the girls were going to get into. Claire cleared her throat gently and asked Edith. “Can you tell us what species he is please?”
Amused at the giant man who looked like he was about to square off against two under five year old’s. Edith said. “Oh of course.” She placed her hand over the hatchling and smiled. “He is a full blood moon bear or what is known as an Asian bear. Which is what they are called, or that was what I learnt when I did all my research into bears.”
They all knew Edith had been raised human and did not know she was a bear until about five years ago, she said now. “They are one of the more secretive breeds in the world. So no one is sure how many there are. He is rare.” She smiled at the couple as she told them. “He is a miracle to be here and is three days old exactly. Do you know how he got here?”
Keeper answered for them. “No idea a mystery to solve!”
Edith shrugged. “Well okay. So have you decided on a name?”
Lars nodded. “I think, Kale Nash Axton. What do you think Claire?”
“Oh, Lars, thank you that is lovely. What do you think Kammy?”
“It like my name.”
Edith smiled. “What is your name sweetie?”
“Kammy Lara Axton me like dada.” She said proudly.
Lars looked amazed. “Fate had decided apparently before we even met!”
Edith said. “You all sound surprised and yet we are all magical. So it stands to reason. The fates would guide and in some cases shove us together.”
Lars laughed at her description, “I suppose that could be true. Maybe we chaff at it so much because we like to think we run our own lives. Not some mystical beings.”
Edith laughed. “He says that and we have Elementals running around!”
Claire said. “Well I guess Elementals, fates, they all get us to where we need to be.”
And looking at her and the hatchling. No one could disagree. Edith sighed, “That is true.”
Claire raised the baby to her shoulder as she rubbed his back, he mewled at her as she kissed the soft fuzz on his head and he sighed deeply. It was like all the tensed little muscles relaxed in relief and he burped and slept.
She could feel her heart melting as tears came unbidden to her eyes. Lars asked concerned. “My soul what has come over you?”
“Happy tears. Honest to goodness happy tears!”
EPILOGUE:

Ella sighed as she moved away and felt envy for a three-day old hatchling who was already loved. She knew she had never been loved like that. The last week that seemed like a month at her family’s estate proved it.
She knew she would probably go the rest of her life without that kind of love, and the sadness of the thought almost choked her. The tears stopped in her chest and formed a hard lump as she went to order formula and find diapers for the infant. She did not see the dragon who watched her like a mouse in a trap.
Keeper asked his dragon. Is she our Shadow?
I do not know.
I thought it was instinctive?
Really! Did you read that in a book?
You know my dragon. You disparage books but you read and hoard just as much as I do!
Let us get back to the topic of our Shadow!

Books by the same author

Dragon’s Gap
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 1) Reighn & Sage's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 2) Sharm & Edith's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 3) Storm & Charlie's Story
Dragon’s Gap Novella:     Love’s Catalyst
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 4) Ash & Olinda's Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 5) Ace & Harper's Story
Dragon’s Gap Novella:     Love’s Impulse
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 6) Thorn & Ciana’s Story
DRAGON'S GAP: (Book 7) Conor & Ocean’s Story

Pride of Lions Edge:
Recognition
Retribution
Reckoning

Visit my website at www. LMLacee.com and sign up for information, FREE Promotions and updates.
