

Love Thy Neighbor
(A St. Helena Vineyard Story)
Kelly Moran
Dear Readers, 

Welcome to the St. Helena Vineyard’s World, where romance is waiting to be uncorked and authors from around the globe are invited to share their own stories of love and happily ever after. Set in the heart of wine country, this quaint town and its cast of quirky characters were the inspiration behind my St Helena Vineyard series, and the Hallmark Channel movie, AUTUMN IN THE VINEYARD. I want to thank these incredible authors for spending time in St. Helena, and all of you readers who are adventurous enough to take the journey with us. 

I hope you enjoy your time here as much as we have.

Warmly,
Marina Adair

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

© COPYRIGHT 2017 by Kelly Moran
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Content Warning: Not intended for persons under the age of 18.
Cover Art Design by: Kelly Moran
Photo Credit: Adobe Images

ISBN:  9780463312612 
Smashwords eBook Edition
Published in the United States of America
Praise for Kelly Moran’s Books:

“Breathes life into an appealing story.”
Publishers Weekly

“Readers will fall in love.”
Romantic Times

“Great escape reading.”
Library Journal

“Touching & gratifying.”
Kirkus Reviews

“Sexy, heart-tugging fun.”
USA Today

“Emotional & totally engaging.”
Carla Neggers

“A gem of a writer.”
Sharon Sala

“I read in one sitting.”
Carly Phillips

“Compelling characters.”
Roxanne St. Claire

“A sexy, emotional romance.”
Kim Karr

“An emotionally raw story. A compelling read.”
Katie Ashley

“I devoured the book!”
Laura Kaye
 
WEEK ONE

Josh Rossi hauled a packing box from the back of his jeep and, with a grunt, turned to carry it up the front walk of his new house. The tiny two bedroom craftsman bungalow was an eyesore among the others of its kind on the block, but he’d fix that. He had his work cut out for him on this flip, but this one meant a little more to him than his usual remodel distraction while writing his next article. 
It had been years since he’d seen the place, and time hadn’t been kind. The low-pitched roof needed a complete stripping before adding new shingles. Eave overhangs, decorative beams under the gables, and the two tapered square columns on the porch were in decent shape, but had to be repainted and sealed. And that was just the exterior, never mind the overgrown yard and bushes.
Setting the box on the porch, he straightened and wiped the sweat from his brow with his forearm. Late September in Napa Valley sure was ideal. He remembered that little from his one summer vacation here as a boy, and in the small town of St. Helena, the weather was a nice reception. Even if his neighbors weren’t as welcoming. He could feel the eyes of several of the people on the block, paused in their gardening or mowing to catch a glimpse of the new guy. He ignored them and went back to the jeep for more boxes to unload. He wasn’t going to be around long enough to get acquainted.
Six weeks in, six weeks out. His motto.
Sunshine beat down and a mild breeze kept the upper seventies from being uncomfortable. Freshly cut grass, roses, and the lingering musk of burning leaves scented the air. Fall was coming, though. Vine maples, box elder, and oak trees lining the subdivision were in transition from green to yellow, orange, and red.
Deciding to unload his tools from the trailer he’d hauled with him later, he unlocked the front door, propped the screen open with a rusted white chair, and bent for a box.
A scream rent the air, and he froze.
“No! Stop! No, no, no.” The very feminine, very distraught voice sounded like it had come from the backyard.
St. Helena was a quaint town of 5,814 residents, or so the welcome sign had said when he’d driven past on his way in. Centered mostly around their wine vineyards, the sign had reflected that, too. Blending Poetry in a Bottle Since 1858. Thus, he assumed crime was at a minimum, but maybe he was stereotyping.
When the scream came again and ended in a wail, he vaulted off the steps and rounded the porch. The homes on this block were right on top of one another, and he jogged between his and the neighbor’s toward the postage stamp backyard. 
Just as he was almost to the edge of the house, a white ball of fur came running around the corner and straight at him, chased by a woman wearing a man’s white button-down shirt and...nothing else. 
Crouching to halt the runaway dog for her, he caught the briefest glance of a cap of short brown hair before three things happened in the blink of an eye. The white ball of fur growled and went right for Josh’s junk, he lost balance, and the woman abruptly bent and clocked the top of her head solidly against his nose. Searing agony followed.
Flat on his back, he slapped his hands over his face and blinked at the stinging, pinching pain making his eyes water. He let out a string of muttered curses because, damn, was his nose still attached? It kinda seemed like she’d knocked his sinuses straight into his brain. 
Tiny, sharp teeth bit into the muscle of his calf. With a yelp, he lifted his head and got more than a little dizzy staring at the dog making a chew toy of his leg.
“Olaf, no!” The teeth retracted from his flesh and the halo of a woman’s head blocked his view of the sun. “Oh my God. Are you all right? I’m so sorry.”
Warm fingers settled on his forearm and he gingerly sat up. He pulled his hands from his face, but didn’t find any blood. Shocking, considering.
A bark of laughter came from the vicinity of the front yard. “That’s using your noggin, Marina.”
She turned her head and yelled across the street. “Thanks, Mr. Witherspoon. You know me. I sure try.” With a fretful sigh, she looked at Josh again. The thin lips of her wide mouth pressed into a line. Huge brown eyes blinked thick, long lashes. “I’m so sorry. Olaf got off his leash and chased a rabbit and...”
Her diatribe continued, her mouth still moving, but he stopped listening. And what the hell was an Olaf? He glanced at the Westie squirming and thrashing in her arms as she knelt between Josh’s legs. Right. The dog. 
Since the earth had stopped spinning and the smarting agony in his sinuses had dulled to a throb, he lifted his hand to stop her rant. “I’m good.”
“I’m sorry. I ramble when I’m nervous. Not that you make me nervous or anything. But you are a strange man in my yard and—”
“Hold up.” Jesus, she was exhausting. “I’m not strange. I’m your new neighbor.”
“Oh.” More blinking.  
She had a pretty oval face that was more adorable than exotic, with a peaches and cream complexion. Her finely arched eyebrows were wrinkled in concerned confusion. Apparently, she was quick to blush. The pink tinge went down her neck where the open V of her shirt buttoned over the swell of her breasts. Which reminded him she only wore said shirt. He jerked his gaze from the pale skin of her toned thighs before she got the idea he was checking her out. Which he kinda was, proving she’d probably given him a concussion. He typically went for cool blondes, not flighty brunettes.
He cleared his throat. “I’m Josh, by the way.”
She tilted her head. “Marina Atwater. I live there.” She jerked her thumb at the sage green and brick bungalow behind her, causing the dog in her arms to squirm with frantic abandon. “Wait, you bought the Rossi place?” Her wide gaze scanned his house. “I’m so glad. Poor old Trip died three years ago. Not in the house,” she amended quickly. “It’s not haunted or creepy or anything. No ghosts that I’m aware of or heard about.”
“Uh, okay.” He knew all this, of course, but he was going to need another pint of coffee to deal with her. She was like a Stephen King novel—all over the place. Her tangents had tangents. She smelled good, though. Like brownies or cookies or something sweet. She was pretty cute, too. He could do worse for a temporary neighbor.
“Trip supposedly willed it to a grandson, but the jerk let it go into foreclosure. It’s been abandoned ever since. Which is a shame because it’s such a nice house. I don’t see how anyone could just ignore family like that. You know, the heartless grandson didn’t even come to the funeral.”
He stilled, staring while her words sank in, and gnashed his molars.
This was why he hated small towns and rarely settled long in one place. People, as a whole, were quick to judge and nosy as hell.
Josh drew a slow breath and unclenched his jaw. Since he was the heartless grandson in question, and she obviously didn’t know crap about the circumstances, he lumbered to his feet and brushed the grass clippings from his jeans. 
She rose with him. “It’ll be great having someone in the house again—”
“Perhaps I should’ve mentioned my last name. It’s Rossi. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my heartless self has unpacking to do.”
Her jaw dropped. “You’re Trip’s grandson?” 
His temples started throbbing right along with his nose. “Yep.” The dog growled at him as if attempting to be more intimidating than a cotton swab. “Put that furball on a leash next time.” 
The pink tingeing her cheeks turned fuchsia. “I did have him on a leash. He broke free.”
He skimmed his gaze down her slender frame, annoyed he found her even remotely attractive. “And for the sake of humanity, clothing is not optional. I’m assuming even a small community has laws about indecent exposure.”
A squeak emerged from her parted lips. “How dare you. I just woke up and—”
“I don’t care if you sleep in your husband’s shirt, only that you parade around in it.”
Her jaw snapped shut as her cocoa eyes turned molten with fury. Which was hot. “I don’t have a husband.” 
“Shocker.” 
She gasped. “Don’t you get all judgy with me, mister. I—”
“Judgy isn’t a word.” And why, in all that was holy, was he still standing here? Or turned on by her temper? Or...enjoying himself? She was the one who’d tried to relocate his nose, allowed her dog to assault him, and then got sanctimonious after learning his identity. 
“Says who?”
“Says Webster.” Jesus, he needed to walk away. “Thanks for the concussion and witty dialog. I’ll see you later.”
Leaving her standing there, he strode to the front of the house, grinning like a jackass at her flustered, irritated noises directed at his back. And thought about her the rest of the morning.
Since the yard had to be done, he pulled the mower from his trailer and cut the grass, then trimmed the overgrown bushes lining the porch. He needed to get to town to order a dumpster for the roofing project, but he hadn’t checked out the garage or much of the interior yet. Driving the trailer around to the alley, he stopped outside the one-car garage and hauled open the bay door. Something hissed from the rafters in the far right corner and several somethings scurried out from under a stack of lumber.
Hands in the back pocket of his jeans, he sighed and cautiously stepped inside. No water damage, but there was a hole through the wall near the ground closest to the house. Scratching and hissing came from above again, and he looked up just in time to scamper out of the way as a tabby cat jumped down. It stared balefully at him, then ran out the open door.
Right. Fix the hole first.
Making a mental checklist, he cleared the lumber from the garage and set it outside by the garbage cans, then backed the trailer in and went to town.
Main Street—AKA, downtown—was a one lane road, two blocks long, and had exactly two gas stations. Wine barrels filled with potted flowers added to the charm. Brick and awning storefronts dotted both sides of the street, and he shook his head at the names. Grapevine Prune and Clip, which appeared to be a hair salon. Paws and Claws Day Spa. Boulder Holder, a lingerie store, had several women chatting out front. The bakery, Pricilla’s Patisserie, he’d hit up later. Bottles and Bottles gave him pause. The sign out front said pharmacy and wine retailer.
“Can’t make this crap up,” he mumbled and pulled into the hardware shop.
After getting what he needed, he went to what appeared to be the grocery store, Picker’s Produce, Meats, & More. While there, he got stopped in every aisle by curious townsfolk wanting to chat, badger him with questions, or offer advice. He dismissed them as politely as possible and, by the time he got out, felt like he’d escaped a demilitarized zone.
The cat was back in the garage when he returned, pissy and spitting fire. He boarded up the hole, set out mouse traps, and decided to put the old lumber to use after all.
He spent the rest of the afternoon making a cathouse to deter the orange feline from taking up space in the garage, and placed it outside in front of where the hole had been, then put an open can of tuna and bowl of water inside.
Having done his humane duty, he ate a sandwich on the steps of the small back deck and sipped a beer as dusk descended. Stretching his legs out, he relaxed and breathed in the dwindling summer scents, wondering how many times his grandfather had done this very thing.
As an army brat to a single, career-driven master sergeant, Josh had spent his entire childhood being uprooted from one base to another. He hadn’t even known he’d had a grandfather until his dad was sent overseas on some kind of consult mission when Josh had been twelve. Three months he’d spent in this house with Trip, just one summer, but it had been the only time he could ever recall having a home.
Dad and Trip apparently had some kind of falling out long before Josh was born, and he never saw his grandfather again after the solitary visit. He’d tried to keep in touch with letters, then emails, but they’d stopped coming when Josh had turned twenty-one, and he was ashamed to admit he’d thought the old man had died. By then, he’d broken free of military bases and struck out on his own, moving from city to city, wherever the wind took him, and flipping houses. Later, he’d hooked up with a blogger in a bar in Baton Rouge, and he’d written articles for her on small-town life based on his travels ever since.
Guilt-laden over his choices and stupid, misspent twenties, he rubbed the ache in his gut. At thirty-one, he should be setting down roots somewhere. But he tended to get itchy when stuck for too long, and the trapped sensation was worse than remorse. So, he’d flip Trip’s house, sell it to a nice family who’d fill it with new memories, and get back on the road. Perhaps that would appease the pain in his chest he’d had the past six months after learning of Trip’s death. Three years after the fact.
Jesus, he wanted to lay into his dad all over again. Angry, bitter, Josh finished off his beer and glanced at the stars.
A rustling drew his attention to the garage. The mangy feline stood outside the cathouse as if taking stock. Someone had been feeding the rascal because it was fat. However, it needed a bath because the orange fur was matted and dirty.
“I think I shall call you Garfield.”
It hissed at him, but the reaction seemed more habit than instinct.
“Keep that up and I won’t feed you. Go ahead. Take a look.” Grinning, he watched as it darted its head in the cathouse. This went on for fifteen minutes until, finally, it went inside.
Satisfied, Josh rose and retired for the night, too.
The rest of the week was a blur of to-do lists and hardware store runs. Every time he popped into town, he got a little more comfortable with the residents. Hell, he even learned names and back stories, which completely went against his code to not get attached. Some told him tales about Trip, rendering him helpless but to listen, eating up knowledge.
His crazy neighbor was another story. Aside from trying to talk to him on Sunday, she’d stayed away. From his front window, he watched in fascination as she moseyed about the subdivision. Walking dogs for the neighbors. Driving Mr. Witherspoon somewhere on Tuesday. And, most confusing, every evening she carried around several picnic baskets, then returned an hour later. Far as he could tell, she didn’t have a job, but she kept busy.
It got to the point he looked forward to his late morning break just to watch her emerge from the house to let her dog outside. Normally, a pixie hairstyle didn’t do it for him, but her short crop of brunette hair worked for her. Sassy and cute. It was a tad longer in front than in back, and she had an involuntary habit of tucking the sleek strands behind her ears. She was quick to smile and talked to her dog like the white furball were a person. Always in a brightly colored shorts set or sundress, he hadn’t caught a glimpse of the white button-down shirt from the day they’d met. Shame. 
And she watched Josh, too. Several times while outside, he could feel her eyes on him like an uncanny sixth sense. Worse, he didn’t mind. He should, considering the disapproving things she’d said about him. Plus, she didn’t seem the type to be okay with a short affair. Any interest on his part would not only be stupid, but precarious. 
Instead, he found himself liking...her. From a distance.
WEEK TWO

With a screech of frustration, Marina shoved the covers off and sat up in bed.
Thunk, thunk, thunk. 
Logically, she knew her new neighbor needed a roof, never mind other renovations, but seriously. Did he have to go at it before eight a.m. on a Monday? And so adamantly? It was like he was trying to goad her on purpose. Like that eyesore of a dumpster on his front lawn.
Thunk, thunk, thunk.
And here she had been feeling guilty for her reaction last week when they’d first met. She’d tried to smooth things over and be friendly since their encounter, but he’d dismissed her like an annoying gnat. First with her offer of lemonade, then her compliments on his yard work. The guy was a brick wall of intolerance. And he was the one who’d insulted her.
Thunk, thunk, thunk.
Last week, he’d painted the exterior of the house, turning it from gray to a smoky blue. The garage, too. He’d also sanded the porch and painted it white, as well as the gables and pillars. When she was home, she’d casually monitored the progress, making sure to be fully dressed when outside to not disturb his delicate sensibilities. It wasn’t as if she was an ogre or something, but the way he’d addressed her had been downright mean. Yeah, she hadn’t had a date in too long to remember or she might cry, and she might not be a catch per his standards, but she’d never considered herself unattractive. She was still upset he’d had the power to make her feel that way.
Thunk, thunk, thunk.
Okay, that was it. Let a girl have some coffee before he gave her a migraine. Was that too much to ask? She rose from bed, parted her bedroom drapes, lifted the window, and yelled across the short distance. Or, well, she tried. She sorta got caught up in watching him work and swallowing her tongue in the process.
Holy artichokes, the man was gorgeous. It just wasn’t fair. 
On the roof, he labored away removing shingles, wearing a worn pair of jeans low on his hips, a tool belt on his waist, and no shirt. Sweat glistened on his tan skin and the ripple of muscles shifted with his every move like a graceful, yummy work of art. Clearly, his body wasn’t manufactured in a gym, but rather was the result of physical exertion from wielding a hammer, power drill, or...whatever else he kept in that garage. Lean muscle, subtle definition, and she could've bounced a Buick off his butt. God, the way he wore those jeans.
And his hair? Not fair, either. Long, layered, and trimmed to his nape, it was light brown with highlights that had been sun-kissed by the gods. Thick, it often fell in his face, giving her an intense desire to brush it away to peek into his eyes. Not that he’d made eye contact since the day he’d moved in, but she remembered the depth of green and blue, surrounded by a grayish darkening around the edges. Hazel, with a side of dreamy.
Her skin grew hot and her belly clenched. She missed sex so much. It had been at least a year since her and her ex had split.
But Josh Rossi was a conceited jerk, she reminded herself. Regardless of why he was in St. Helena now, the fact remained, he hadn’t visited dear Trip the entire time she’d lived next door. He hadn’t even shown up for the funeral. Marina had loved that old man as much as she had her own grandparents. Shy, soft-spoken, he’d been a quiet companion after the last of her family had passed away.
So, no lusting after the hottie neighbor. Period.
And heck. It was Josh’s house and it needed repairs. Her erratic sleep patterns weren’t his fault. She shouldn’t get upset someone was finally caring for the place.
In the effort to maintain civil pleasantries, she baked a cherry cheesecake and walked it next door. Standing at the base of the ladder, she glanced up and blocked the sun glare with her hand. “Mr. Rossi.”
The thunk, thunk, thunking stopped. A moment later, his head poked over the edge of the roof. He stared at her, frowning. 
“I, uh, made you a cheesecake.” She held it higher as if that might make it easier for him to quit scowling. Typically, people liked her, and the fact he didn’t was a little disturbing. He didn’t even know her. 
He glanced from the dish to her. “Why?”
Why? Why? Huh. “Because you’re new to the neighborhood. It’s a friendly gesture and I feel bad about bumping your nose. And for Olaf biting you.” Something about him made her nervous and she tended to run her mouth when anxious. Yet, she couldn’t get a grip on her tongue because he just kept staring. “It was an accident and we got off on the wrong foot and—”
“I’m lactose intolerant. Thanks, anyway.” He disappeared from view and, seconds later, the thunking resumed. 
Slack-jawed, she stood for a beat and then looked at the cheesecake. Darn.
Shoulders slumped, she made her way home and set the pan on the counter. A single woman of thirty should not have an entire cheesecake on hand. That way laid disaster. She had the St. Helena Garden Society meeting this morning, so she’d just bring it there.
Later, she spent the rest of the afternoon staring out her bedroom window at him on the roof, with the pretense of cleaning her closet. Only once had he glanced at her house, and she'd ducked out of the way, hopefully before he caught her in the act.
Tuesday, hell-bent on chipping away at his steely reserve, she made peanut butter cookies. Again, positioned at the base of his ladder, she called his name.
Like a Monty Python spoof, he leaned over the edge of the roof and glared. “Yes?”
“Peanut butter cookies. No dairy whatsoever, I promise. These were a favorite at the wine festival—”
“I’m allergic to nuts. Thanks, anyway.” He disappeared from view, only to pop back again. “And wear shoes if you’re going to be out here. There’s roofing shingles and nails all over the place.” 
Heaving a sigh, she stared at her bare feet, the plate in her hands, then headed inside once more. Dejected, she took the cookies to the fire station—at least they were appreciative—and then headed to St. Helena Memorial Hospital for her weekly volunteer time.
And she did not stare longingly out her window when she returned. Okay, she did, but only for an hour. Plus two.
Figuring third time was the charm, she made brownies on Wednesday and marched next door, head high and wearing shoes, thank you very much. Standing sentinel at the ladder, she called his name.
Out popped his head and, she swore, he ran his tongue over his teeth. “Yes, neighbor?” The dry irritation in his tone was unforgiving.
“Brownies. Homemade, no dairy, no nuts. And no one can resist my brownies. I assure you, Mr. Rossi, they are—”
“I don’t like chocolate. Thanks, anyway.” And then he was gone. 
Well, the fine officers at St. Helena Police Station didn’t complain about not liking chocolate, and at least she finally got around to paying that parking ticket.
With a batch of blueberry muffins in the oven Thursday morning, Marina let Olaf outside and walked him around the yard while he did his business. 
A rattling, clanking noise came from the direction of the garage and, while she was distracted, Olaf tugged the leash and took off toward the sound.
“Olaf, no!” She chased after him, remembered how the raccoons had been getting into her trash cans lately, and grabbed a rake she’d left by the patio table before continuing her pursuit.
She rounded the garage into the alley. The garbage cans shifted and Olaf growled. Scared to death one of the raccoons would claw her baby to bits, she lifted the rake, jumped to the other side, and swung. The handle connected, landing a blow to...the side of Josh Rossi’s head with a crack. 
No. Oh God, no.
“Holy hell.” He stumbled back a step, tripped over Olaf, and landed on his back. 
The garbage cans went sailing in all directions. Rattling. Clanging. Scraping. When they stopped, silence fell. 
With a hand on the side of his head, he glared at her. Pure pissed off met shocked stupid, and her gut sank.
“I’m so, so sorry. I—” Olaf growled and lunged for Josh’s crotch. “Olaf, no!” 
On what must’ve been pure instinct, he deflected her dog by raising his leg and abruptly sat up.
Shaken, she dropped the rake and knelt by his feet. “Oh God. I’m sorry. I thought you were the raccoons.”
“Do I look like a raccoon?” His sharp voice echoed down the alley.
“Of course not. It’s just, they’ve been getting into the garbage cans lately and Olaf went running and I thought they’d eat him. They have really big claws—”
“Stop.” He lumbered to his feet, pulled the hand away from his head, and stared at it.
“Are you bleeding? Do you need some ice? Let me look and—”
“No.” He retreated a step and held out his hands like she might be contagious. Jaw tense, he picked up Olaf, who’d resorted to chewing on his shoe, and held her dog at arm’s length. “You are a walking, talking disaster. You know that?” 
Stunned immobile, she blinked at him. Mortification hit her cheeks. Well, okay. That barb had hurt. Her ex hadn’t been so nice, either, and Josh’s crack reminded her of the way her ex liked to toss insults around. 
Chest tight, eyes burning, she just stood there like the idiot Josh evidently thought she was. She didn’t know what the heck it was about him, but he always seemed to turn her into a bumbling, white-hot mess. In under two weeks, he’d evoked frustration, arousal, guilt, anger...and, apparently, had the ability to make her cry. Damn him.
Olaf twisted in his hands like a worm on a hook, so she took him from Josh and hugged the dog to her chest. “I’m sorry if my klutziness, or the fact I babble incessantly, or if everything about me in general upsets you. I felt badly about what I said to you before knowing who you were. That wasn’t fair and I’m sure you have a side to your story. I’ve been trying to make it up to you, but it seems I’ve just made the situation worse.”
His features softened. He shoved his hands in his back pockets and stepped forward, remorse in his eyes.
Before he could say anything, she looked at the ground as anger built inside her. “That doesn’t give you the right to belittle me, poke fun at me, or make me feel stupid and unattractive.” She turned to go. “I won’t bother you anymore, Mr. Rossi.”
Hurt, throat clogged with tears, she walked briskly through the yard and into the house. She put the stupid muffins in a stupid basket and set them on the bottom rung of his stupid ladder, then washed her hands of all things Rossi. She would not go out of her way any longer when it was apparent he didn’t think too highly of her and just wanted to be left alone.
The rest of the day and into the next, she stayed away from the house, doing piddly things in town and avoiding him. On Friday afternoon, she settled on her couch with a bowl of popcorn and her favorite movie to reward herself for not ogling him at the window or letting her guilt win.
Halfway through the film, her doorbell rang. With a sigh, she paused the disc and met a frantic Olaf at the front door. “Sit.”
Expecting a package or Mr. Witherspoon from across the street, she swung the door wide and froze. 
Josh Rossi stood on her porch with her basket in hand and a faint smile. “Hey.”
Unsure what to make of this development, she waited a beat, but he said nothing. “What was wrong with the muffins? Do you have a thing against blueberries, too?”
“They were very good. Thank you.” He lifted a checkered towel from the basket to reveal a box of dog treats. “I came with a peace offering.”
Heck, that was...nice.
Olaf went bonkers, jumping and barking. 
To distract him, she used her baby voice. “Where’s your cucumber? Go get cucumber.”
As expected, Olaf took off.
“Cucumber?”
“It’s his favorite toy.” She glanced at her neighbor, oddly excited he was here, then mentally slapped herself for being moronic. “Would you like to come in?”
He ran a hand through his hair in what seemed like a nervous gesture. “Sure, thanks.” He passed her the basket and glanced around. “It’s a mirror to mine.”
“The houses on the block were all built at the same time in 1930.” She shut the door and faced him. “I haven’t seen your place since Trip died.”
“I’ll have you over when it’s more...hospitable. How long have you lived here?”
She couldn’t tell if he was making small talk or planning an exit strategy since he was looking everywhere but at her. “About five years.” When he said nothing, she bit back a sigh. “Would you like something to drink?”
“Sure. Whatever is fine.”
Nodding, she pointed to the sofa. “Have a seat. I’ll be right back.”
In the kitchen, she stared at the contents of her fridge. An open bottle of wine or lemonade. She didn’t drink soda or beer. He’d turned down her lemonade once before, so she poured him a cup of ice water and went into the living room.
Instead of sitting on the couch or a chair, he’d parked his butt on the floor, legs spread wide. A few feet away, Olaf sat facing him, the stuffed cucumber toy between them. Dog and man stared at one another like preparing to draw in a high noon shoot-off.
Leaning against the wall, she waited, trying to figure out what Josh was up to. He hadn’t seen her come back yet or, at least, he hadn’t acknowledged her, anyway.
Slowly, he reached for the toy, only to snatch his hand back when Olaf growled. Her dog’s ears were up and tail wagging. Thus, he wasn’t in defense-mode, but she wasn’t sure her neighbor knew that. She opened her mouth, but Josh quickly grabbed the toy and tossed it aside.
“Ha. Gotcha.” 
Olaf chased the toy, brought it back, then dropped it on the floor, only to resume the stare down. 
“I’m gonna get it.” He laughed when Olaf barked, and she was completely unprepared for what the sound of his rumbling chuckle would do to her insides. Rough and unapologetic, she heard it with every part of her.
After another second, she straightened. “Looks like you made a friend.” O for one wasn’t bad.
His grin died to a smile. “Animals usually like me. Not sure why he tried to make me lunch when we met.”
She took a seat in the chair opposite him and passed him the glass. “You’re allowed to be on the furniture. I did offer.”
He smiled at the cup as if amused, then set it on the coffee table. “I’m dirty from working. The floor’s fine.”
How polite. And unexpected. “What brings you by, Mr. Rossi?”
He winced and got into a tug-of-war with Olaf over the cucumber toy. “Call me Josh, please. And I came to apologize.” His gaze flicked to hers and away. “Though you do have a hard head and one helluva swing, I shouldn’t have said what I did. You hit a nerve when you mentioned my grandfather and I took it out on you.”
Gone was the tension from his features, but he still refused to meet her eyes. His apology seemed genuine, and he was playing with her dog, so he got bonus points. Before she could respond, he cleared his throat.
“I find your babbling adorable, actually. Please don’t stay quiet on my account.”
Okay, geez. She all but melted into a puddle, darn it. Heat infused her cheeks. “Why is Trip a sore subject?”
With a wrinkle between his brows, he scratched his jaw covered in scruff. He seemed between that full-on beard stage and a five o’clock shadow, which she found oddly attractive. It worked for him, added a who cares attitude to his gruff.
Finally, he rubbed Olaf’s ears and met her gaze. Such amazing eyes he had. “I wasn’t notified that he’d passed away. I feel like crap for missing the funeral, not knowing about the house, or losing contact with him.”
“You guys weren’t close?” Trip had mentioned his grandson often, showed her pictures, but they’d never discussed Josh’s absence. 
“Not really. I spent one summer with him as a boy. Before that, I didn’t know he existed. Afterward, we lost touch. Which is on me. I was too busy doing my own thing. He and my father had a falling out or something, so Dad failed to inform me of Trip’s death.” He glanced at Olaf again, his gaze growing distant. “Always figured I had time to come back this way again, but never managed it.”
Her chest tightened. She understood his regret and respected that he’d owned up to his mistakes. He owed her no explanations, yet he gave them, anyway. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
His gaze jerked to hers. “I barely knew him.”
She shook her head. “It doesn’t matter if you knew him for a summer, your whole life, or not at all. You obviously miss him. And I’m sorry for your loss.”
With a slow exhale, he studied her with a mix of confusion, awe, and something tender. After a minute, he rose to his feet and shoved his hands in his pockets. “I should get going.”
She stood, not wanting him to leave. The sad, lonely part of him he didn’t seem to realize existed called to hers. She’d filled the void with friends and volunteer work, had covered her grief with smiles and kindness, but that was a bandaid. Strange how a man she’d known two weeks had shed a light on that fact.
“If you don’t have plans, you should come to dinner tomorrow night.” She held the door open for him.
He paused, his gaze roaming her face. The scent of sweat and sunshine filled her nose having him this close. Judging by his expression, a war appeared to be raging inside him, and she hadn’t a clue what about.
“Don’t worry, Josh. I’m not hitting on you. It’s just dinner.”
With a frown, he opened his mouth and quickly shut it. His gaze dipped to her mouth and stopped on her throat. “Yesterday, you said I made you feel stupid and unattractive. You’re neither of those things. For the record, I am very attracted.” He took a step closer and caught himself. “But I’m not going to be in town long. After knowing that, do you still want to suggest the invitation?”
Though she hadn’t a clue what he meant by not sticking around long, and she didn’t really like a time limit, there was something crackling between them. She’d sensed the charge when they’d met, and all the sparring since then had felt like a twisted form of foreplay. Plus, all she’d offered was dinner.
Her breath caught, and a zinging ping bolted through her core, spread like heat lightning in a freak storm the longer they gazed at one another. Retract the invite? Heck no.
“Tomorrow? Six o’clock?”
One corner of his mouth curled. “I’ll be here.” He turned to go, only to whirl around again. They nearly collided and now were sharing air, making her face heat. His gaze skimmed her hair, and he lifted one finger to brush away a strand from her forehead. “I really want to kiss you, but I’m a sweaty mess from finishing the roof. I’m also not sure you want me to.”
“Okay,” she breathed. That seemed pretty forward of him, but then again, why tiptoe around the periodic table if the chemistry was there? Every cell in her body was bouncing in anticipation. “I do. I mean, it’s okay if you want to kiss me, even if you’re sweaty. Or waiting is fine. You’ve been working outside, so of course you’re dirty. Not dirty in the sense that, you know—”
“Marina?” He grinned, his gaze settling on her mouth. “As adorable as I find your nervous babbling and, trust me, it’s very adorable, you’re making it difficult to resist aforementioned kissing.” With a sharp inhale, he straightened and closed his eyes. “Answer one question.” 
She nodded, too turned on to speak. 
“Why a cucumber for a dog toy? It’s pretty phallic. Does Olaf have a thing for Hulk?”
She tilted her head in surprise. Her jaw dropped. Then, she took in his grin and slapped a hand over her face, laughing. “You’ll have to ask him.”
WEEK THREE

Josh leaned against the counter in Marina’s kitchen as she fluttered about getting dinner ready. Olaf, constantly underfoot, followed her every move, but it seemed like second nature to her to have the dog around and she never stumbled.
Her house was decorated in cottage-like fashion, neither too feminine, nor prissy. As with other craftsman bungalows, there was a large amount of interior woodwork, including built-in shelving and seating. In lieu of a kitchen table, there was a nook that seated six with a window to the backyard at the end. She had a lot of books, seemed to favor plants instead of knickknacks, and her furniture was a sturdy dark blue mission-style. Hardwood floors, distressed white cabinets, and Tiffany lamps. She’d converted the attic into her master bedroom and the two on the main floor to a guestroom and office-type space. 
Homey, inviting, and comfortable. Like her.
“Would you mind opening the wine?” She jerked her chin toward a bottle of red on the counter.
He picked it up and read the label. Ryo Wines. “Is this that local stuff?” He preferred beer, but he didn’t say no to wine.
She hummed, stirring a pot at the stove. “It’s from the DeLuca vineyard, yes. Very good.”
Nodding, he grabbed the corkscrew she’d left beside the bottle and got to work. “It smells good in here.”
“Thank you. It’ll be done in a few minutes.” She blew a strand of hair off her face as he set the bottle aside to breathe. “Spaghetti and meatballs. No dairy, I promise. And I made apple pie for dessert so you don’t get exposed to nuts or chocolate. Well, chocolate’s a dislike, right?”
Damn. He should probably explain himself. Truth be told, he’d given her excuses on each of her attempts to bring him goodies because he found her tenacity amusing and, well, he liked that she’d kept coming over. Trying to hide a grin, he wiped his mouth.
She looked at him and did a double-take. “What?”
“Don’t get mad, but I’m not lactose intolerant and I don’t have any allergies, besides ragweed.”
Her hand paused mid-stir. “Why did you lie?” When he didn’t answer, she frowned. “I went to all that effort and wound up donating dessert across the county because you wouldn’t—”
“You coming by was the highlight of my day.” 
She stared at him, unblinking. Then, she meticulously set the spoon down and faced him. “Let me get this straight. You lied in some kind of kindergarten tactic to get my attention? Why didn’t you just pull my hair? It would’ve saved me time.”
Not sure what to say, he scratched his jaw. He had been behaving childishly, but his intentions were good. She was the kind of woman people got attached to, and he couldn’t afford that. Getting involved with him wouldn’t be a good move for her, so he’d tried the mean guy approach while admiring from a safe distance. Yet, here he was, in her kitchen, while she made him dinner.
Shaking her head, she turned back to the stove. “I thought you hated me or I hurt your feelings. In fact, I still don’t think you like me very much. I’m confused.”
“I like you. Besides being beautiful, you’re compassionate, intuitive, and stubborn.”
“You barely know me.”
He crossed his arms. “Moving around as much as I do, I learn things fast. You zeroed in on the trouble with my grandfather and, even when I’d been an ass to you, still managed to be nice enough to say you were sorry for my loss. And, by the way, you made that pithy line sound sincere instead of like some mindless phrase. Most people would’ve started a block war after the cheesecake attempt at friendliness failed, but not you. Every day, you came by. I find stubbornness sexy.”
Quietly, she spooned the pasta onto plates and walked them to the nook. He grabbed the wine and followed, settling across from her. While she stared at her plate, he poured the wine and dished out the salad she’d already set on the table.
“Do you want me to go?” 
She shook her head and looked at him. For the first time, he couldn’t read her. Her eyes were usually very expressive and, when they weren’t, her rambling got him caught up to her point. Nada now.
“You’re not the type of woman I go for. Typically, if I do get involved, it’s with someone who doesn’t get attached. No hurt feelings when I leave. I get the impression you’re not even in that zip code.” Sighing, he studied her and tried to figure out how to continue. “The way I see it, we can do one of three things. I can go home right now and we’ll play the evil neighbor charade. We can eat together and be the friendly sort while I’m around. Or we give into whatever chemistry is brewing and have a brief affair.”
Slowly, she nodded. “And what door would you take?”
He smiled. “Chemistry was always my favorite subject.” He sobered. “I’m fine with whatever you choose.”
She took a bite of salad and stared out the window as she chewed. “None of my long-term relationships have worked out. Perhaps it would be fruitful to try short-term.”
Though his gut burned with satisfaction, he took a bite of pasta. He should be trying to talk her out of it, but he respected her decision. Jesus, the temperature just notched twenty degrees. She’d been on his mind nearly nonstop for two weeks. She wanted him, too, and he desired nothing more than to lay her out on the table and see where else she blushed.
Halfway through the meal, he couldn’t take the silence. Or anticipation. “What do you do for a living?”
She sipped her wine. “I don’t have a job.” Her gaze flicked to his when he didn’t respond. “My parents were bigwig corporate lawyers in Los Angeles. They died when I was ten, leaving a sizeable life insurance. The seven figure kind. I moved to St. Helena to live with my grandparents, who are gone now, too.” She shrugged. “Anyway, I’m passably decent at a lot of stuff, but not great at one particular thing. So, I use my powers for good and volunteer, help out where I can, attend meetings, that kind of thing.”
People, as a species, rarely surprised him. But Marina Atwater was one shocker after another. They just didn’t make them like her. She could be anywhere in the world, driving expensive cars and chartering yachts, and yet she lived in a tiny bungalow in St. Helena.
“I know. I’m kind of a useless part of society, but I do pay taxes and—”
“That’s not what I was thinking.” Not even a little. “It’s commendable.” His grandfather must’ve been one lucky S.O.B. to have her right next door. Josh thought about her comings and goings, and took a healthy gulp of wine. “What’s with the picnic baskets you carry in and out of here?” 
She smiled, and it hit her eyes, turning them a warm shade of chocolate. “Been watching me?”
Grunting, he set his glass down and leaned forward. “Yes. You were watching me, too.”
Tilting her head, she playfully narrowed her eyes. “The baskets hold food for our elderly neighbors. Some don’t have family and can’t get around. I bring dinner by a few nights a week. It’s hard cooking for just one person, and I enjoy it. And at least they’re getting a decent meal.”
Jesus, she was a saint. Which meant he was headed straight for hell. “And where did you take Mr. Witherspoon the other day?”
“A doctor's appointment.”
“So, you provide elder services.” For free. Using her own bank account.
“No. I’m a friend.” She sipped her wine, staring at him over the rim. “That’s how I met Trip, actually. I volunteer at the hospital and he was getting ready to be discharged after his stroke. A few years later, this house went on the market and I bought it.”
His heart stopped. “Trip had a stroke?”
Carefully, she set her glass aside and reached for his hand. “About ten years ago. You didn’t know?”
He shook his head as awareness crept in, freezing his limbs. “That’s why the communications stopped.” His grandfather wouldn’t have wanted Josh to see him that way or, worse, pity him. “He quit responding to my letters and emails. I thought my dad found out and intercepted or...”
“Or Trip died,” she finished. Her fingers squeezed his hand, sending warmth to combat the cold. “His speech was affected pretty badly. He couldn’t talk very well. The right side of his body was weak, but physical therapy helped.” Sympathy he didn’t deserve shone back at him through her understanding eyes. “I spent a lot of time with him. He showed me pictures of you and mentioned you often. He didn’t tell me why you weren’t around, but I never got the impression he was hurt or angry. Trip loved you.”
Pulling his hand out from under hers, he scrubbed it over his face. He should’ve made an effort to come back. Instead, he’d been too busy gallivanting around like a vagabond, ignoring the one person who’d made him believe he was worth more than spit. One summer, three months, and Josh had gained a sense of self-worth. And what had he done? Nothing.
Blowing out a breath, he shook his head. He cleared the emotion from his throat to thank her, but she was washing dishes at the sink. He hadn’t even realized she’d moved.
Rising, he stepped behind her and slid his arms around her. “Were you friends with my grandfather, like you are with the other neighbors?” She was a one-woman charity, and he couldn’t even be bothered to pick up the phone to call the old man.
Setting a plate in the rack, she smiled and started on the other one. “We were close. I enjoyed his company. In exchange, I did some laundry and cooked a bit. He taught me how to play chess.” She grinned at him over her shoulder. “I still suck at it, though.”
Her eyes were something extraordinary. When she smiled, their depth changed, transformed her whole face. Man, she was lovely. It was rare to meet someone as beautiful on the inside as they were out, but proof the anomaly exited was looking smack at him. And, as if she had her own gravitational pull, he got sucked right in her orbit.
He switched the faucet off and turned her in his arms. Cupping her jaw with one hand, he slid the other into the silky softness of her short hair. Damn, she smelled good. That signature sweetness of vanilla or cookies or whatever. He didn’t care. All he wanted was to taste.
“You sure about this?” He brushed his nose against hers, desperate to claim her mouth.
She gripped his shirt with wet hands and rose on her toes. “Yes.”
Done. Tilting his head, he kissed her. And hell. Every disillusionment on connection and bonding flew into oblivion. Because it existed. The instant her lips met his, he closed his eyes and sank into a deep pool uncharted by regret. Warm, wet, soft—he drifted with her, first taking her cues of gentle, then inserting his own with cajoling.
He’d experienced desire and he’d experienced passion, but the way his body responded to her was very, very different. His muscles clenched and released. The band around his chest unfurled. Every follicle of hair stood erect in awareness. His heartbeat puttered to a stop, then recharged and pounded the organ against his ribs.
He swirled his tongue around hers. She stroked his. He explored her mouth. She conquered him. Jesus, she tasted better than she smelled. Rich red wine and dark chocolate. Nothing else existed, and that had never happened before. His surroundings, time and place, failed to compute.
She made a humming noise in her throat as if she felt it, too. He eased closer, pinning her to the counter and bringing every inch of her in alignment with him. Thigh to thigh, chest to chest, pelvis to pelvis. Her fingers trailed up his neck into his hair, and his skin heated with her path. Nerves misfired. His lungs forgot basic oxygen exchange.
Dragging his mouth from hers, he sucked air and kissed her throat. The pulse in her neck throbbed double time, and damn did he want her, but not tonight. Any other woman, sure. And he might explode once he got home, but no way was he rushing someone like her.
“Marina.” She tilted her head back, and he couldn’t resist licking the tendon on her neck. His dick ached something fierce. “I should go.”
She moaned a sound of disagreement. “You’re a tease.”
Dropping his forehead to her shoulder, he laughed. Then, he briefly kissed her again and left before he was unable.
The rest of the week was a cat and mouse game, and he had a sinking suspicion he was the mouse. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, he worked on the plumbing at his place, and then went to hers for dinner. They talked about everything from sports to politics, and he was pleasantly surprised how easy she was to be around. No pretenses or games. Just great conversation. He liked westerns and horror movies. She preferred classics. He tended to read graphic comics and mysteries. She favored heartfelt women’s fiction. He needed the noise and chaos of a city. She was cozy in a small town with everyone knowing her business. On the surface, they had nothing in common, yet they clicked. A this-could-only-end-badly opposites attract scenario. 
He smiled while alone in his house, recanting their time together like a struck puppy and, for the first time in his life, didn’t find himself checking maps to plot his next destination. All three nights ended with them partially dressed, hot and heavy, and never quite making that mad dash for the finish line. If he kept this up, he was going to have a permanent case of blue balls.
But it would be worth it.
On Thursday, he was flat on his back under the kitchen sink, tightening a new coupling fitting, when he spotted her legs out of the corner of his eye. He’d recognize those beauties anywhere. Fan-freaking-tastic legs. Long, toned, and best utilized when wrapped around his waist.
“Hey. I’m almost done. What’s up?”
She squatted and smiled. “I thought I’d come by to see the place. Is that all right?”
“Sure.” He grunted and turned the wrench. “Run the faucet, would you?”
The trickle of water splashed the sink and a gurgle came from the drain by his head. He waited, watching the joint carefully, but it didn’t leak. Awesome.
He climbed out from under the cabinet, shut off the faucet, and wiped his hands. “I’m filthy or I’d kiss you. Want to look around?” At her nod, he took her through the house. He hadn’t done much on the interior yet.
“You don’t have any furniture or anything.” She followed him out of the bedroom.
“Don’t need any.” He shrugged. “The trailer has all my tools and gardening stuff I require for a flip. I buy supplies and materials wherever I am. All I need is the air mattress and tote of clothes. Less to cart around.”
A wrinkle formed between her brows as she glanced around the empty living room. “You have a home base, though, right? An apartment? Somewhere to go for holidays or a break?”
The dejected note in her tone was like a blade to the gut. “No. My dad’s at an army base in Texas. He’s career military, but I stick to my jeep.”
Big puppy dog eyes blinked at him. “That’s very...” 
“Convenient?”
“I was going to say sad.” With that, she quietly left with a look like he’d hit her, leaving him staring after her and wondering if he’d taken the blow.
On Saturday, she dragged him to town for the Cork Crawl event which, apparently, was like the Oscars of wineries. They couldn’t take more than a few steps without someone stopping them to talk to her or shouting his name with a wave. He’d never been in a place long enough to truly be recognized and he found it oddly nice.
In the late afternoon, they ran into a couple near a booth, who she introduced as Frankie and Nate. When Josh pictured someone by the name of Frankie, it was an overweight middle-aged dude with a cigar in his mouth. Alas, she was a stunning brunette, and Nate, being a DeLuca, was a polished version of the Italian St. Helena family.
Marina passed Frankie the brown paper bag she’d been carting around.
Frankie gasped. “Are these macadamia cookies?” She tore open the bag and grinned. “I love you.” She slapped Nate’s hand away when he reached for one. “Not you. Math question. Stop me if you’ve heard this one. If Marina gives me five cookies and you ask for one, how many do I have left? That’s right,” she said before he could speak. “I still have five.”
Nate rolled his eyes. “Marina, follow me. Nonna ChiChi said to make sure you got a bottle of wine if you came by. Something about thanking you for helping with the autumn display.”
Marina’s contagious grin had Josh smiling as they strode away. He stared at her retreating form in her cute pink shorts and white blouse. Seemed there wasn’t a person in town who didn’t love her to death. 
When he looked back at Frankie, she had her arms crossed and eyebrows pinged to her hairline. Next to her was Sheriff Bryant, who he’d met in one of his town supply runs. Bryant was in uniform, his big belly hanging over his belt, bushy eyebrows twitching while he ran his fingers over his mustache.
Josh scratched his jaw. “Am I under arrest?”
Frankie snorted. “No, but you’re smitten with our Marina. You hurt her, I’ll do worse than have Bryant arrest you.”
Bryant harrumphed. “Thought she was dating that Mike fellow.”
“Hell, no. They broke up a year ago when she found out he was trying to get her to invest in that ponsie scheme.”
“Right, right.” Bryant nodded. “He didn’t talk very nice to her, anyway. Treated her like crap.”
Josh froze, his gut dropping as he tried to follow the conversation. “Her ex tried to take advantage of her?” And what did they mean, he wasn’t nice to her? People didn’t get more selfless than Marina Atwater. Who’d speak unkindly to her? “Define what you mean by crap.”
Frankie sized him up in one fell swoop. “Look who’s getting all defensive. Totally smitten.”
“Yep.” Brant nodded. 
Josh’s gaze ping-ponged between them. What the hell were they implying? That he more than liked Marina? Yes, he adored her and enjoyed her company. Yes, she could tie him in knots and he wanted her. Bad. But indicating they were more than an affair? That was...was...
“Glad to see you in St. Helena.” Bryant shifted on his feet. “As a Korean War veteran, Trip wasn’t too happy your dad went into service and dragged you all over Kingdom Come. A boy should have a permanent home. Trip was a good friend. He’d be pleased you’re here. He wanted you to have the house, grow roots.”
The breath punched from Josh’s lungs. He’d figured Trip had left the house to him because he was family, however estranged, and that’s what one did when they died. But the sheriff was indicating ulterior motives and hidden agendas. Trip had known Josh’s lifestyle, his work. It never occurred to him that Trip might want him to...stay.
Marina and Nate returned, and she smiled up at Josh. “Ready to go?” She took in his expression, which he assumed was something akin to holy-shit. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” He forced a smile. “Let’s get you home.”
WEEK FOUR

Marina set the wine from Nate on her kitchen counter and faced Josh. He’d been quiet on the ride back from town and she couldn’t tell if he was just tired or if something was wrong. She let Olaf outside to do his doggy business and when she got back inside, Josh was standing in the living room, idly rubbing his jaw.
Her stomach cramped in worry. “Are you hungry?”
He shook his head. “Can I ask you something?”
“Yes.” She took a seat on the couch and patted the cushion for him to join her.
After a moment, he sat facing her. “Why did you break up with your last boyfriend? Mike, correct?”
Wondering who in town had mentioned her ex, she nodded. “He broke things off, but I was getting ready to do it. We were together about six months and it ended a year ago. I think he was only interested in me for my inheritance. It’s not a secret I have money, and he kept hinting at this idea to start a brewery. He had no numbers or research to back up a business plan.”
Josh’s hazel eyes hardened. “Does that happen a lot? People trying to take advantage of you?”
“I may be nice, but I’m no pushover.” She frowned at both the topic and his almost angry reaction. “Yes, it happens sometimes. I deal with it.”
His gaze skimmed her face. “Did he treat you well when you were together?”
Confused and a little frustrated, she ran her fingers through her hair. “Mike wasn’t a very considerate person. He had a bit of a temper.”
Josh’s jaw ticked and he went eerily rigid. “How so?”
Oh, no. Now she understood. “He didn’t slap me around, if that’s what you’re thinking. He was more like a petulant child, always wanting things his way. He never really wanted to take me out and forgot my birthday.”
Closing his eyes with a sigh, Josh turned his face away. The tension seemed to seep from him, and he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Frankie and Sheriff Bryant mentioned a couple things and...” He looked at her, gaze tender and more than a little distraught. “I don’t know. My mind got all kinds of crazy ideas. It bothered me, that’s all.”
The more time they spent together, the harder it became to keep him at an emotional distance. He was hard-wired to not form bonds and she was built to care. When he said things like that and looked at her the way he was, it made it even more difficult to remind herself he wasn’t staying. 
For her, their relationship went beyond a physical attraction because she genuinely liked him. His dry humor and attention to detail and single-minded focus. He’d never had a sense of balance or home, but he understood the dynamic and respected others. Her, to say the least. He didn’t seem to view her as a trust fund brat with no purpose. Once he’d gotten to know her, he’d dropped his walls and let her in. And she suspected no one else had ever bothered to try.
“And they say chivalry is dead.” She smiled at him, trying to lighten the mood. “You’re a good guy, Josh.” She wished he believed it.
He shook his head, glancing away. “A good man would’ve known his grandfather was ill, that he’d died. He would’ve shown up to the funeral and—”
“You didn’t know. And your dad never really gave you a chance to know Trip, either.” She took his hand. “The fact that you’re here now, wanting to learn about his life, fixing his house, says everything. Even if it didn’t, your guilt should tell you who you really are.” 
Staring at their hands, he laced his fingers with hers. Finally, a ghost of a smile traced his lips. “I’m not feeding the elderly or looking after them.”
She grinned. “No, but you built a cathouse for a mean stray and feed it every night. Yeah, I know about that.”
Laughing, he tugged her hand until she fell against him. “Tell no one.” 
Holding the back of her head, he kissed her forehead and brushed his lips over her temple. The gesture was so gentle and sweet, she had to close her eyes or risk tears. That was the other thing about him. His compassion. They weren’t all about heat. Sometimes he just held her hand or smiled from across the room or snuck over to her house while she was at a meeting to fix her squeaky screen door.
“Your secret is safe with me.” Leaning in, she gave him a brief kiss. “Are you hungry now?” It had been awhile since lunch.
“Not for food.” The coarse, low timbre of his voice skated across her skin and she shivered as he kissed her neck. “You smell so good. You’re like a steady diet of cookies.” He buried his face in her hair and groaned.
Breathless, she fisted his shirt. “Do you want to go upstairs?”
He lifted his head and stared at her. A mix of desire and restraint flickered in his eyes. 
When he said nothing, she climbed off the couch and held out her hand. They’d fooled around, and he’d left her shaking with desire the past couple weeks. She didn’t know what he’d been waiting for, but she was through holding back. He was only in town a little while longer. Why waste time?
His Adam’s apple bobbed with a swallow and he took her hand. 
She led him upstairs to her attic bedroom. The low-angled ceiling and his presence made the space seem even smaller. Since she had her queen-size bed angled out from the corner and it was near the window, she walked over and shut the blinds. In the dim light, she pulled back her white duvet with purple flowers that matched the wall color and stared at the white sheets, not knowing what to do. It had been awhile since she’d been intimate with someone.
“I, uh, have condoms in the nightstand.” She rubbed her forehead, her back to him. “We should probably check the expiration date, though. I’m on the pill, too. Maybe we should close the door to keep Olaf out. He sleeps with me at night and he might try—”
Josh came from behind and pressed all his hardness against her. He wrapped one arm around her middle and the other over her collarbone, trapping her arms. Warm breath fanned her neck as his lips hovered over the shell of her ear. “Don’t be nervous.” 
Though every atom in her body wanted him, she trembled. Something about being with him felt important, more so than her previous partners. Perhaps because Josh could pull so many emotions from her and gave them back in spades. She didn’t know, just that this moment was significant.
She tried to swallow and couldn’t. “I can’t stop shaking. I’m not scared, though. I know you wouldn’t hurt me or anything, but—”
He spun her around and kissed her. Gentle. A coaxing. A tender brush of his full lips to contrast his firm grasp on her waist. “It’s just me. Don’t be nervous.” 
Her lids drifted shut and she swayed. “Okay,” she breathed.
Then he kissed her again, this time with purpose. His tongue darted past her parted lips and wove around hers. Long, deep strokes that had her nerves splintering and her skin hot. 
Holy artichokes, the man could kiss.
Damp with need, she slipped her hands under his tee and traced a path over his washboard abs to his pecs. His chest hair was thin, soft and, as she’d learned from previous make-out sessions, dark blond. At her touch, he skimmed his hands down her spine to grab her backside, and she hummed in approval.
“Jesus, I love it when you make that noise.” He eased away and reached behind his neck to tug off his shirt. He opened the nightstand drawer and removed a box of condoms, turned it over to probably check the date, then set it down. “All good.”
She barely caught a glimpse of his beautifully toned body before he brought his lips to hers once more. He ate at her mouth like he couldn’t get enough and slowly unbuttoned her shirt. He slid it from her shoulders and dropped to his knees. Gaze burning, he unbuttoned her shorts and slid them to the floor, where she stepped out of them. 
Then, he looked his fill and her skin caught fire wherever his gaze landed. On her white lace panty set. Her legs. Belly. Breasts. He reached up and unclasped her bra, and when he had it off, his mouth latched onto one nipple. He sucked hard, and she arched into the hot, wet vacuum of aching torment. From his knees, he moved onto the other nipple while running his finger up her thigh to between her legs.
“You’re wet already.” Before she could respond, he had her panties around her ankles and her flat on the mattress. He rose over her, nipping and kissing her belly. When he got to her mound, his gaze flicked to hers as he spread her thighs. “I’ve been wanting you like this since the first time I saw you.”
Without any preamble, he sucked on her clit like he’d done with her nipple, and she bowed off the bed. Sharp, almost painful pleasure rocked through her, and her breath caught in her throat. His fingers added to the bliss and she couldn’t stop the wanton, needy noises if her life depended on it. Pinching her eyes shut, she threw her head back as the first warning tremors of release began. He increased his pace and pressure, sending her tumbling.
While she came down, he kissed between her breasts and eased off the bed. Through sleepy eyes, she watched him shuck his jeans and roll on protection. So darn beautiful. He wasn’t overly thick, but he was long. The way he stroked himself as he turned toward the bed had her aching all over again. 
Quietly, he settled between the cradle of her thighs and kissed her like there was no rush, as if they had all night. She traced the contours of his back and wove her fingers into his hair, loving the slight weight of him and his hot skin against hers. He kept one forearm braced on the mattress and used his other hand to skim her side, down to her hip.
Pulling away, he swallowed. His hazel eyes were dark with desire and held hers as he slowly filled her. When he was all the way inside, he paused, studying her with an expression like he was just as shocked by the punch of connection as her. His brows pinched and his uneven breath caressed her lips.
Then, he moved inside her, and she couldn’t keep her eyes open. Bombarded with emotion and pleasure, she hummed and wrapped her legs around him. The way his muscles shifted and the smooth, easy glide of his hips was innately graceful. Like a dance instead of a mating. He kissed her eyes, her cheeks, before burying his face in her neck and picking up speed. His arm slid under her hips, urging him deeper, and he sucked a harsh breath.
She was close. Again, so close. He must’ve sensed that and worked a hand between them to circle his thumb over her swollen, sensitive nub to bring her there. Almost inaudibly, he chanted words of encouragement. Yes and unbelievable and amazing. Between his low whispers and deft fingers and deep, refined strokes, she came undone.
Splintering, she bowed, letting out a cry that ended in a muted scream. His body tensed over hers as she trembled with violent quakes, chasing a white light. He barked a desperate oath and went rigid, shaking through his own release. 
Holy, hot dang.
The tension in him eased and he let out a gale force wind that shifted her hair. Panting, he lay atop her for a beat and then kissed her neck before rolling off. From beside her, he threw his arms over his head, eyes closed and brows pinched.
She turned on her side to face him and tugged the sheet over them. And couldn’t stop staring. His wide jaw, the dips and grooves of muscle. Maybe it had been awhile, but being with Josh had been far better than her other partners. He was a selfless lover and unerringly kind. And beyond great. He was like that out of bed, too. But he probably wasn’t feeling the emotional pull like she was and would, no doubt, get upset if she said something too girly. Sex didn’t equal love, yet she was attached now that they’d been together. For her, it had amped the connection.
And he was leaving town. Soon.
Studying him, she struggled to find a way to keep things light even though her throat was tight with emotion. “Surely, you’re hungry now.”
Without opening his eyes, he laughed. “I do believe I am.” 
He didn’t stay the night and she didn’t ask. In fact, every night they came together, talked for a bit afterward, and then he headed next door. Each time seemed to rip a fissure inside her. It wasn’t his fault. He’d been nothing but honest with her and she’d made her choice. The knowledge didn’t make it any easier, though.
She was beginning to hate the sound her front door made when it closed.
During the day, he worked on plumbing and electrical things at his place, and she tried to give him space. She did her thing and spent most of their time apart reminiscing about when they were together. By the time Friday rolled around, she was exhausted. And not because he’d just rocked her world.
While they lay panting in her bed, he did something he hadn’t before. He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her to him. Cuddling. 
With a kiss to her forehead, he released a heavy sigh. “It’s getting harder to leave this bed, Marina.”
She stared at the wall, trying not to let hope blossom in her chest, and breathing in the now familiar scent of him. Aged pine. It was like a drug. His words tumbled around in her head, and she had no clue what to say that wouldn’t come out as a plea. “You can stay the night, you know. I’m not kicking you out.”
He stilled for a moment, then ran his hand up and down her back. His calluses were rough against her skin and she loved the gentle ministration. “That’s not what I meant.”
“I know.” God, did she know. But she didn’t think he’d been as strongly affected, however. Yes, he’d been kind, open, and respectful. Yet he’d never, not once, done or said anything to hint that what they were doing was tempting him to stay. She rested her chin on his chest and looked at him. “Am I doing something wrong?”
Torment looked back at her. “No. Christ, no, Marina. That’s just it. You do everything right.” His thumb traced her lower lip, and he sighed. “I spent my whole life on the road. It’s all I know. To be honest, I’ve never questioned it before.”
Her lungs struggled to keep up with the pounding of her heart. “And you are now?”
Looking away, he nodded. His jaw ticked. “I can’t tell if it’s the house or the town or if it’s all you.” He shook his head. “No doubt, all three. It’s reckless. What the hell do I know about sticking?”
He seemed to be talking to himself, so she remained quiet. Anything she said might be taken the wrong way or as her trying to lure him in. Though she would've loved nothing more than to see how this relationship played out, she wanted him to remain in St. Helena because he wanted to, not because she’d asked.
His fingers idly played with her hair. “The town’s growing on me. I didn’t even run the other way when Ida Beamon stopped me at the hardware store.”
She laughed. Ida owned the local wine bar, Cork’d N Dipped, and had a pet duck named Norman. She favored peach lipstick, dime-store jewelry, and spoke fluent cuss. “What did her shirt say?” The woman also wore sweatshirts with crazy sayings.
“Puck off.” His chest rumbled with a chuckle. “Had a hockey stick on it.”
Grinning, she kissed him and rested her cheek on his chest once more. And that night, he stayed until morning.
WEEK FIVE

Never, not once in his life, had Josh slept with a woman. As in, actual sleeping. Such a personal experience, to drift off and wake up with someone beside him. And one thing he didn’t do was get personal. 
So why, for six nights in a row, he’d wound up curled around Marina in her bed come morning light was a mystery. Once, and he could've chalked it up to curiosity. Twice, playing with fire. A week? He dared not explore the reason. 
Then again, he supposed it boiled down to trust. Which was the damnedest thing. He trusted nobody, not even himself. Growing up, making friends meant saying goodbye to them once it was time to move to the next army base. As an adult, he didn’t have the time or inclination to get close enough to someone to let them in. He’d never even been tempted. 
But Marina? Hell, that was the problem. Somewhere between her trying to give him a concussion that first day and him making love to her, she’d needled past his resolve, worked her way under his skin, and imbedded herself into...his heart. So much so, she was like a formulaic part of his DNA. She had no family to speak of, but St. Helena had taken her in. Just like she’d wrapped her metaphorical arms around him and made him want to never leave. Funny, sweet, giving, sexy Marina Atwater.
Damn if he didn’t trust her. Explicably.
It wasn’t fair to her to give her the wrong idea and the whole situation was dangerously screwing with his head. Marina was the sort of woman who’d want to tie the knot, raise a litter of rugrats, and expected forever. He could barely find a pair of matching socks.
She wasn’t the only issue. St. Helena was growing on him, too. Like a fungus. All the charm and friendliness and stories about his grandfather. Jesus, even the quirks were addicting. He’d had upwards of fifty handyman work offers this week alone. Word spread fast. About him and his relationship with Marina. In this town, he better be careful or his feelings for her might wind up front page news in the St. Helena Sentinel. 
Feelings. Man, what was he supposed to do with those?
All week, he’d refinished the kitchen cabinets, the floors, and repainted. He’d thought about her every waking second. And some non-waking, too. He even loved her snarky and weird dog. Trip’s house was ready to go on the market, yet Josh had been dragging his heels. He was set to leave tomorrow morning. And, heaven help him, the thought made his chest ache something fierce and had his sinuses prickling.
With a yawn, she stirred as they spooned, and his hand twitched over her belly where he’d been holding her against him. One of his thighs was wedged between hers and all he could breathe was her sugary scent. Like a sinful version of Betty Crocker. She stretched, arching her spine, and thrust his morning wood snugly against her perfect ass. His eyes thunked the back of his skull.
Jesus, he couldn’t get enough of her. Insatiable, really.
He buried his face in the soft skin of her neck. “I need you. Right now.”
She hummed in that cooing, melodic note that drove him to delirium and rolled over. “You don’t say.”
He took in her heavy lids, sleepy smile, and pink cheeks. And there went his pulse tripping all over again. “I do say.”
Tucking her beneath him, he kissed her. Hot, heavy, and doing his best to tell her how much she moved him without having to spill the actual words. She was soft. Everywhere, soft. Warm, supple woman and sinewy grace.
Last night, they’d had sex without a condom. She was on the pill and both of them were healthy. It had been the epitome of strike-him-dead the instant he’d felt her without a barrier. He wanted it again so badly he throbbed from the inside out.
He cupped her between the thighs and found her wet. Ready. For him. Though he usually took the initiative, she was always very responsive. Making love to her was both new and familiar, no matter how many times they came together.
Vibrating with need, he aligned himself and took her hands in his, pressing them on the pillow by her head. He thrust inside her so deep planets collided and she mewled through their kiss. He couldn’t breathe. The need, the desire, was that damn strong. Her legs tangled with his and she lifted her hips, encouraging him to move.
So, he did. In their rhythmic, almost eloquent dance, he took her slowly. Every inch of him was surrounded by her giving flesh and warm skin. Unable to take the bombardment of emotion, he broke away and stared down at her as he thrust. 
Watching her slow tension build, her come apart, was the most amazing thing he’d ever seen. Since that first night, he’d caught glimpses of her in the throws and couldn’t tear his eyes away. Her flushed cheeks, half-mast lids, the way her lips parted in surprise...it was detonation behind his ribcage. He’d swear it. 
Her breath caught, and he knew she was close. Her hips ground against his and her fingers clenched. “Josh...” Needy whispers from her lips added to his heightened awareness, and he drove faster, rolling his hips. “Yes.”
She trembled, moaned, and her walls fisted him. He lost it. Completely. Utterly. Dizzy, he held on long enough for her to climax and then let himself go. Painful pleasure shot up his spine, wrapped around his balls, and he pinched his eyes closed as he came.
Breaths soughing, he shifted to her side so he only lay partially on her and kissed her temple. When his lungs weren’t struggling, he smiled. “Good morning.”
She turned her face to nuzzle her nose with his. “Great morning.” Brushing his hair off his forehead, she studied him. “You’re leaving tomorrow. What would you like to do your last night? Dinner out, maybe?”
Something jabbed his gut from the inside, and a searing agony followed. Though her tone was casual, the slight waver indicated she wasn’t as okay as she let on. And neither was he, to be honest. Six weeks in, six weeks out. His motto. It had never been an issue before. Vagabonds didn’t grow roots. So hell if he could conjure a diagnosis for the sudden onset of symptoms he exhibited every time he so much as thought of leaving.
With a sigh, he cupped her jaw. “I’d rather just do this, be here, with you.” He smiled to soften the gruff sandpaper of his voice. Damn, his throat was tight.
“Sure.” Her fingers caressed his forearm as she stared at him. “Can I offer a suggestion about something without you getting upset?”
He frowned. After all their late night conversations and dinners and love-making, how could she think she couldn’t freely talk to him? He’d told her more about himself than everyone else on the planet combined. In fact, he had a sinking suspicion she was the only person who knew him at all. “Of course, you can.”
A tiny wrinkle formed between her brows and, when she spoke, her voice was as soft as her gaze. “Instead of selling the house, why don’t you consider holding onto it?” She must’ve read something in his expression because she nudged his shoulder, encouraging him to lie on his back, then she straddled him. “Hear me out.” She rested her hands by his head, her pretty face hovering above his. “You spent your childhood moving from one city to the next. That wasn’t your choice, but this one can be. I’m not saying you have to live in St. Helena or even stay. But perhaps you could use it as a home base, of sorts. You know, a place to come back to now and again.”
The fact he’d considered something like her suggestion himself didn’t diminish her words or the sentiment. Obviously, Marina Atwater could read him better than he thought. Without him even implying a secret desire for home—one he hadn’t acknowledged himself until recently—she had nailed a hope he’d dared not allow to surface.
When he didn’t speak, she bit her lip. “I could keep an eye on the house while you’re away. Cut the grass, dust once and awhile, that sort of thing. And when you’re between jobs or just need a rest, it’ll be there, waiting for you.”
He wondered if she’d be there, too, but kept his stupid mouth shut. He could no more expect her to wait for him than he could forget the time they’d spent together. Swallowing past the boulder in his throat, he pushed her short cap of cocoa hair from her face and held her head. Looking into her soulful brown eyes, he found sincerity and kindness to which he’d never known, nor did he think he’d unearth again. 
He memorized her features to pull at a later date, and damn if his chest didn’t feel like a cavern. Peachy soft skin, wide mouth, oval face, thick lashes, pert little nose. And then there was her body. Slender frame, hourglass hips, tiny breasts perfect for his hands, and toned legs for miles. She was quick to blush and even quicker to respond to his touch. It dawned on him, she’d also spent the past six weeks taking care of him. And he liked it.
Jesus, what had she done to him?
“I’m sorry. I overstepped. I just thought, you know, since you didn’t have a place for holidays or to stop between destinations or to rest your head, you might want one. Somewhere familiar, where people know your name and are happy to see you—”
“I’ll think about it.” He cleared his throat. She slayed him. From her adorable babbling when nervous to her tender heart, she slayed him. “I’ll definitely think about it but, if I do, I’ll hire someone to watch over the house. You’ve done enough.” Hell, she took care of everyone. Who took care of her? “If you wouldn’t mind, though, could you feed Garfield? I fear he’s gotten used to the royal treatment.” He’d even miss the pissy stray, for crying out loud. 
“You got it.” She smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes. Then she kissed him, letting her lips linger. “I have to let Olaf out and get ready for a quick shift at the hospital.”
He glanced over her shoulder at the dog, who sat at the foot of the bed watching them. “I’ve got him. You go shower.” He gave her a quick pat on her rearend. “I’ll also get dinner tonight.”
While Marina was gone, Josh packed the jeep and trailer, then typed up his article on St. Helena for his friend’s travel blog. After he shot off the email, he closed the laptop and sat at Marina’s kitchen table, strumming his fingers. He thought about all the things she did for her elderly neighbors, the volunteer work for the town, and an idea started to bloom. Something that might benefit them both.
Rising, he headed next door and walked around the empty house, checking for anything he might’ve forgotten and cementing a tentative plan. If he played things right, and if she was onboard, he’d go through with it. 
He’d just gotten back from picking up takeout and bringing it to her place when she strolled in the door. Without hesitation, she rose on her toes to kiss him, then eyed the cartons on the counter. “Ooh, Chinese. Yum.”
Stunned stupid, he just stood and stared at her while she dished out the food and brought it to the table. The simple domestication of her coming home, them eating dinner, the routine, stalled his lungs. Not out of panic or that the scene was an unknown to him, but because he liked it. All of it. There was no urge to flee or warning knells in his head. Instead, a calm settled in his bones.
She glanced at him and did a double-take. “Aren’t you hungry?”
Somehow, he’d wound up sitting across from her in the nook with a fork in his hand, having no recollection of how that had transpired. “Yep.” To mask the white lie, he put a bite of lo mein in his mouth and methodically chewed.
Halfway through the meal, he remembered what he wanted to talk to her about. “I’ve been thinking about what you said this morning. I want to keep Trip’s house and let you make use of it.”
She paused mid-chew. “What?”
Pushing his plate away, he leaned forward. “You said to me once that you were good at a handful of things, but not great at one particular thing. You’re wrong. Who you are, what you’re meant to be, is a friend, Marina. Whether in a caregiver capacity or as a companion, your big heart leads you around.” 
He sighed. “I want to do this partly because it would hurt me to sell the house and mostly because you could use it to help others. Like you’ve been doing, but perhaps on a grander scale. Start a charity or just utilize the space to carry on what you’re already doing. My pantry is bigger over there, you could convert a bedroom into an office, and the living room would be somewhere for friends to gather. Coffee, checkers, whatever.”
Taking her hand, he looked into her wide eyes. “This is what you were meant to do with your life. I’m sure of it. Either way, not selling gives me a place to...” He shrugged, unsure of how to phrase what he wanted to say.
“To come back to. A home,” she whispered. Her eyes glazed with tears when he nodded. She swallowed, and judging by her wrought expression, the task had been difficult. “Are you sure? I mean, that’s putting a lot of faith in me to—”
“I have nothing but faith in you. Honestly, I can’t think of a more deserving use for the house. You were Trip’s friend, and I suspect it would make my grandfather happy.” 
“God, Josh.” She closed her eyes, and two tears fell down her cheeks in tandem. 
His heartbeat skidded to a halt. “You care about people, Marina, and I...care about you.”
Her chest hitched with a sob, and she looked at him, shaking her head. “I’m going to miss you. I know we said we wouldn’t do this and I’m going back on my word, but I can’t help it. I’m going to miss you and—”
He shoved out of his seat and lifted her from hers. Carrying her upstairs, he kissed her because what he wanted to say would only hurt her more. He didn’t think it was possible to care about someone so much in such a short span of time, to fall so damn hard his bones hurt. But there it was. No matter how adamantly he’d tried not to, he’d fallen. 
Once in her bedroom, he set her on her feet and kissed her lids, her wet cheeks. Then, he undressed her slowly, laid her out on the bed for the last time, and sank into the only comfort this world had ever given him. And when she drifted off to sleep afterward, he watched her. All damn night. The play of shadows over her body, the moonlight on her face, the steady rise and fall of her chest, the dark lashes fanning her cheeks...he didn’t miss a second.
The riot inside his head, the batshit sensation in his gut, told him not to leave. To stay and try. The fact he felt this strongly gave him answer enough, but he suspected he’d never know for sure if he could stick long-term if he didn’t seek the full truth. The only way to accomplish that was to go. He refused to give her hope, only to hurt her somewhere down the road because he’d been wrong.
Early the next morning, he slipped out of bed, tucked the blankets around her, and gingerly kissed her forehead. Jesus, his eyes watered, and he allowed himself to breathe in her addictive sugary scent once more before striding out of the room. Downstairs, he started a pot of coffee for her and scrawled a quick note, dropping the keys to his house on the counter.
Olaf watched him, head tilted, cucumber toy in his mouth.
Josh smiled and knelt by the dog. “I can’t play now. Sorry.” He rubbed the dog’s white fur, feeling like his insides were being shredded. “Take care of her while I’m gone, would you?”
WEEK SIX

Marina stared at the note Josh had left on her counter for the hundredth time in the twenty-four hours since he’d been gone.
Accept my gift and use the house. It would mean a lot to me and the people you help. Please leave one of the bedrooms for me. I’ll need it when I return. And I’ll miss you, too. More than you’ll know. Be happy, Marina. I only ask that much. Josh.
Such a succinct endnote to what had been a whirlwind affair. It had seemed too short a time to have with him and, yet, she missed Josh with every cell in her body. 
He’d also scrawled his cell number and one he’d labeled as his dad’s in Texas. She’d considered texting him close to a thousand times, but didn’t want to come across as needy or crazy. He’d needed to go, and she’d known all along he would. He’d told her the night before he’d left, and again in the note, that he was coming back. For short visits or to use St. Helena as a home base, it didn’t matter. That olive branch was more than he’d accepted from anyone else before. She only hoped he’d reach for it.
She was going insane, though. Crazy without him. One day, and she could barely breathe. Having never been in love before, she hadn’t been prepared. Not for the happy, giddy elation of being around him or the agony in her chest in his absence.
Awful, this love thing. Just awful. 
Wrecked, she’d spent the past day crying and watching movies and crying some more. She’d allowed herself that much grieving time, but she had to put her big girl panties on and buck up. 
She sipped her coffee and glanced at Olaf, who was positioned at the front door with his favorite toy in his mouth as if expecting Josh to walk through any minute. Seemed even her dog had gotten attached. Hard not to with a man like Josh. He had so much inside him he never had a chance to explore. She’d tried to tell him, to show him, when they’d been together. But, she wasn’t enough. She feared she never would be. 
After all, here she was, an attractive female with a good inheritance, who owned her own home, and could cook. What guy wouldn’t want to be with her? Apparently, all of them. None of her relationships had lasted very long. Okay, so she babbled a little—a lot—when nervous and she could kinda be a klutz sometimes—or always—but she wasn’t that bad. Right? 
She also hadn’t felt a connection, a spark with other men. Not like she had with Josh. Which was sucky for a multitude of reasons. Top of the list was the fact a drifter never settled. It was her own darn fault for getting in so deep, for stupidly opening her heart. 
One she could never bring herself to regret, no matter how much she hurt.
Someday, hopefully soon, the hollow ache in her stomach would dissolve and she wouldn’t see a memory of him wherever she went. Today, however, was not that day. 
With a sigh, she rinsed out her cup and headed next door. She set a can of tuna in the cathouse for Garfield and then let herself into Trip’s house. Josh may own the place, but she’d always consider it Trip’s. Josh, aside from the remodel, had spent more time at her home than here. 
And it was empty. Utterly, utterly empty.
Instead of allowing it to make her feel sad, she considered the space a blank slate. Starting with the upstairs attic room, she toured the house, making mental notes and a shopping list. The place was a mirror to her home, but there were subtle differences. She’d make good use of them, and the more she looked around, the more ideas popped to mind. It was a distraction from missing Josh, but a good one.
He'd been right. There was so much more she could do for her elderly neighbors. The whole community, really. Organized by nature, she calculated tactics. Helping others had always filled that void of having no family. She just never considered making a career out of it. 
Alas, she would gather a team to help with companions, meal runs, and anything else the elderly might need. Set a schedule in place for both the clients and volunteers. Donations, too. Plus, she was going to make Josh the best darn bedroom this side of wine country.
Finally, with a sense of purpose, she headed out and went shopping. Then, she called ChiChi to spread word about her plans. Knowing the DeLuca matriarch, Marina’s phone would be blowing up within the hour.
***
It had taken two days of straight driving, minus four hours to sleep in his jeep at a rest stop, but Josh had made it to El Paso. His father’s subdivision on Fort Bliss’ army base was a series of tiny cookie cutter ranches that had no more character than his dad. Josh drove past one after another until hitting the house he’d only seen twice and pulled in the driveway. The brick exterior was encased by neatly trimmed bushes and grass to military precision. He expected nothing less of his father.
Climbing out of the jeep, Josh stretched and was immediately surrounded by humidity so thick he could barely inhale. Deciding to grab his bags later, he walked to the front door and knocked. He’d called his dad on the road to alert him he was coming, so Josh wasn’t expecting to wait long. Still, his stomach twisted in anxiety. The only person capable of reducing him to nothing with one scathing look was...
The door swung wide, and standing on the threshold was six-foot, two-hundred-pound Master Sergeant Gregory Rossi. In uniform. He looked no different than the last time Josh had seen him five years ago, aside from the gray weaving through his light brown buzz cut.
His father gave him a once over. “Son. I was surprised by your call.”
Cyborgs had nothing on Dear Old Dad. “Hey, sorry for the short notice. I won’t be in town long.”
With a nod, his father moved aside for Josh to enter. He stepped inside and glanced around. Beige carpet, neutral furniture, and not a personal item in sight. Yep. Place still looked the same. No plants. No knickknacks. There wasn’t even a family portrait lying around. Not that they’d ever taken one.
“What brings you to Texas?”
Josh bit back a sarcastic retort and pointed to the sofa. “Can we talk?”
“I had Henrietta make lunch. It’s in the kitchen.” 
Henrietta had been Josh’s nanny and Dad’s housekeeper for years, and she’d traveled with them from base to base. Hoping the scary Polish woman had taken leave from duty during the noon hour, Josh shifted on his feet.
Without ado, Dad walked through the living room, arms folded behind his back as if demonstrating at ease for Josh’s benefit. 
He followed the old man into the kitchen, where they ate sandwiches and fruit in tense silence. Growing up, there had never been discussion during meals, so he should be used to it. But, after spending weeks in Marina’s company, the quiet was deafening. A flitting image of her passed through Josh’s mind as he chewed the last bite, and his stomach clenched. 
Damn, but he missed her. Two days on the road, and she was all he could think about.
“What did you want to discuss? I have to be back at base in one hour.”
Right. Besides Marina, the only other topic on Josh’s mind had been this conversation with his father. He had questions, but feared the answers weren’t something he’d particularly like to hear.
Josh set his napkin aside. “Why didn’t you tell me Trip died, that he’d left me the house in St. Helena? It’s sat idle for three years in foreclosure.”
Dad’s mouth tightened into a thin line. “It was of little consequence.”
“Of little...” Josh closed his eyes for a slow blink to gain composure. “He was family.”
“No, he was not. We’ve had no contact with him.”
Josh scrubbed his hands over his face. “And whose fault is that?” He sighed. “Look, I’ve never asked, but I want to know now. What happened with you two that you decided to cut off all ties with your own father?”
Irritation looked back at him. “What does it matter?”
“It matters to me.”
Dad glanced away, gaze focused on the wall above Josh’s head. “At eighteen, I enlisted in the army. He didn’t approve.”
Josh stilled. “That’s it? That’s the big secret? That’s the reason I never got to know my grandfather or wasn’t notified he died?”
“Watch your tone, son.” Dad’s jaw ticked as he trained his gaze on Josh once more. “I don’t need to explain myself to you. I made decisions. They’re final.”
Of course. Master Sergeant’s word was law. Heaven forbid anyone challenge him. Anger pounded Josh’s temples and heated his neck. He’d come here seeking answers. By God, he’d get them. 
“And Mom? We never talk about her.”
For the briefest blip, regret shone in the old man’s eyes. There and gone. “She died in childbirth. You know that. It wasn’t a secret.”
“Yes,” he said slowly. “But I don’t know anything about her.”
Rigid, his father rose from his chair and carefully pushed it in. “All you need to know is she died having you. What else is there to say?”
“Gee, I don’t know, Dad. How about what she was like? Her favorite color? Movie? Something.” Talking to his father was like trying to teach quantum physics to a poodle. Frustrating and an epic waste of time.
“You’re under my roof. I’ve warned you to watch your tone.”
Something inside Josh snapped. Just...snapped. Dots swam before his peripheral and his blood pressure rose to stroke category. He shot to his feet and looked his bastard of a father in the eye. “I will not watch my tone. You have no idea how difficult it was to come here. All I want is some answers.”
Caged fury shone in Dad’s eyes, reddened his face. “Answers? Fine. You killed her. Is that what you want to hear?” With every syllable, his tone rose to near shouting. “We weren’t planning on children. The pregnancy was a shock. She went into labor early and she died birthing our mistake. Are you satisfied?” 
The blood drained out of Josh’s head, and he swayed. His father blamed him for the conception, for his mother’s death? Bone-deep cold and shocked immobile, Josh stared at the table. It made sense. Everything made so much more sense now. The utter lack of support in anything he did. The way he’d not received so much as one issue of praise. The old man’s late nights and early mornings and avoidance of Josh’s existence. Nausea congealed in his gut as his lunch threatened to come back up.
Slowly, he looked at his father. “If you didn’t want me, why not just let me live with Trip? Why cart me around from city to city, knowing you’d have to look at that mistake for the next eighteen years? You rendered me all but invisible. I couldn’t make friends because we weren’t in one place long enough. Do you have any idea how lonely—”
“A real man acknowledges his responsibilities.” Gathering himself, his father sniffed and straightened his suit coat. “You had a roof over your head, food in your stomach, and clothes on your back. I paid Henrietta well to ensure—”
“The only person colder than you was Henrietta!” Josh’s voice bounced off the kitchen walls and reverberated back to him. He couldn’t catch his breath through the fury. 
“You’re being irrational.” 
Lungs soughing, Josh shook his head. He was an idiot to ever think he’d get anything resembling love from this man. He hadn’t even noticed until right this very second, but that was what he’d been seeking. Affection. Acknowledgement he existed. 
And, like a glutton for punishment, he’d escaped one empty cell for another. He’d spent the past twelve years fixing houses for other people to live in. Faceless strangers who were part of a family he’d always wanted. The only glimpse had been one wayward summer with a grandfather in Napa Valley. But, like the friends he’d never had and the life he’d hoped for, that had been uprooted, too. So, Josh had dared not wish for it again, never put himself in a situation where he could be hurt.
Until Marina. Sweet, adorably quirky, Marina Atwater. Not only her, but the town, as well. The patrons of St. Helena had remembered his name and had made him a part of the community. They’d loved Trip, and thus, accepted Josh.
With stark clarity, he realized he hadn’t traveled across the U.S. for a decade or come here today for answers. Nope. It was closure he’d needed all along. Nothing held him back any longer. Funny, he should feel better about shutting this particular proverbial door.
“Did you love her?” Josh cleared his raw throat. “Mom, I mean. Did you love her?”
The desolate look in his father’s eyes before he blinked it away relayed the answer. Josh figured he wore the same one with how much he missed Marina.
His dad pivoted on his heel and strode toward the front door. “Henrietta made up the guest room for you. There’s fresh towels in the bathroom. I’ll return after dinner.”
Josh scratched his jaw. All he could muster for the old man now was pity. Sort of anti-climactic, considering the years of fear and animosity and loneliness. “Dad.” He waited for his father to face him and channeled Marina. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
His father’s forehead furrowed, but he said nothing.
“You must miss her a lot. I’m sorry for your loss.” Josh forced a swallow and looked at his feet. “I won’t be here when you get back. It seems my presence only adds to your grief. You have my contact info if you want to reach out to me in the future.”
As if Josh’s heart wasn’t in his damn throat, his father displayed no outward sign he gave a crap whether or not his son existed. Though it came as no surprise, the proof hurt. After studying him for a clipped moment, his father nodded and left. 
Josh blew out a ragged exhale and stood staring at the door longer than was wise, then closed his eyes. It was time to go...home. 
He rolled the word around, filtered it through his mind. There was no sense of panic or uneasiness. Not even confusion. Instead, a calm settled inside his chest and he nodded. Home.
First, he needed a shower and change of clothes, since he was going on two days in the same pair of jeans and tee. Though he itched to get back on the road, he ran out to the jeep to grab his overnight bag and headed for the bathroom. He washed the travel off his body, toweled dry, then unzipped the duffle he’d set on the vanity. 
And froze.
A photo album was tucked inside with an envelope taped to the cover. Pulling both out, he tore through the seal and read...a letter.
Sometimes home is a place, other times, a state of mind. If you’re lucky enough, it can be a person who loves you. I hope you find what you’re looking for out there. No matter where you travel or wind up, know that someone loves you. Because I do. Always, Marina.
The air punched from his lungs. He barked something close to a yelp and clutched his chest. The paper trembled in his shaking hand and her words blurred from the sudden mist in his eyes.
No one had ever said that to him before, that they loved him. Well, no one but his grandfather, and that had been just once when Josh had left that summer. Too many years ago.
Jesus, she was something else. And heaven help her, but she loved him? He read the note twice more and, yeah, it seemed she did.
He set the letter aside and glanced at the album. It appeared new with an untarnished simple blue cover, but when he flipped to the first page, the shot was of his mother, pregnant with him. The only reason he knew that much was because his grandfather had the photo displayed and Josh had asked about it. 
Hand still shaking, he paged through more pictures. A few of him growing up, graduation, quite a lot of that summer he’d visited. Toward the back there were a few of his grandfather in a wheelchair, grinning, with Marina next to him. Her hair had been longer. A before and after shot of the house followed, and on the last page was a photo of her and Josh—a selfie she’d taken while they’d cuddled on the couch one rainy afternoon.
He traced his finger over her pretty face and longing twisted his gut. If he broke the sound barrier, he couldn’t get back to her fast enough.
Quickly, he got dressed, packed the album in the bag, and stashed the letter in his back pocket. Before he left, he did a hasty clean of the bathroom and then got in his jeep. 
Fisting the wheel, anticipation humming, he headed northwest. For the last time.
END OF THE ROAD

When Marina didn’t answer her doorbell, Josh went next door to Trip’s to wait and, letting himself in, kicked the door shut. He got two steps before he stopped short, glancing around. 
She’d been busy. It didn’t even look like the same place. 
A dark red sofa and matching printed chair were positioned in the living room. Between them was a walnut coffee table with wordsearch books. Large prints of vineyards had been hung on the walls. Against the far corner was a small cabinet with a flat screen. 
He dropped his bag and headed for the kitchen, finding it stocked to the hilt with food and cookware. There were a few herbs in small pots on the windowsill and magnets on the fridge. He made his way down the hallway to one of the bedrooms. Floor to ceiling shelves lined three walls, filled with board games, DVDs, puzzles, and other activities. A typed note on the door said: Help yourself, but please return when finished.
Chuckling, he moved to the other bedroom, which she’d converted to an office. A small desk was situated in front of a window with a computer, and a bookshelf held binders. Curious, he pulled one out and glanced at the cover. Life’s a Trip Companion Care. He grinned, loving the play on his grandfather’s name. A brief scroll indicated this binder held client names and what services they’d requested. Schedules were pinned to a giant board on the wall with charts. It would appear she already had at least twenty volunteers involved.
She had, in fact, been more than busy since he’d left. Pride swelled in his chest. Hell, it had only been five days. 
But...she hadn’t saved a bedroom for him like he’d asked. He glanced at the ceiling, wondering if she intended to reserve the attic for that like at her place. Not that he planned to sleep much here, what with her right next door, but he was kind of looking forward to having his own room again. Furniture shopping had been on his mental to-do list while he’d driven from Texas.
Since she wasn’t back yet, he strode into the hall and climbed the stairs. The door at the top was closed with a private sign on it. Frowning, he turned the knob...and nearly died on the spot.
“Jesus,” he breathed. Running a shaking hand down his face, he stepped deeper into the room. 
A queen size oak bed was positioned along one wall with a matching dresser across from it. The navy comforter atop the mattress was in the same printed fabric as the curtains. On a nightstand was a stack of graphic comics. Something expanded in his chest as he leafed through them. Some he’d read before, others he would get to someday because they were from her. A flat screen and BluRay player were on a cabinet in the corner. He walked closer and found several of his favorite movies on the shelf below. On the wall was a photo of him and his grandfather, and another of Garfield. The stray was on his back in the cathouse, looking at the camera upside down.
A laugh tugged at his chest and nearly turned into a sob. Thirty-one years old, and he’d never had a place all his own. Certainly nothing permanent, nor private. But that was just what she’d done. She’d given him more than a destination to pass through and had proven how well she knew him by the personal touches. 
Leveled to the core, he rubbed the ache in his chest and struggled to draw air. In all his life, not one soul had cared about him half as much as...
“Do you like it?”
He spun toward the sweet, soothing voice he’d missed more than oxygen. Marina stood in a plain pink dress by the doorway, a ghost of a smile fainting her lips. And, man. He missed that face even more. Happiness crashed around behind his ribs and rendered him immobile.
He pointed to the pictures. “There’s not one of you up there.”
“Oh, well.” She rubbed her forehead. “I didn’t want to presume you’d want one—”
“You should presume. And assume.” He took a step closer and stopped. “You make the word organization fall on its knees and weep. I saw what you did downstairs. Life’s a Trip?”
She breathed an uneven laugh. “Seemed an appropriate name. It’s amazing how much a person can get done when they don’t eat or sleep from missing someone.” Her gaze flicked to his and away. 
“I missed you, too.” Which just might have been the understatement of the millennia. He nodded, walking closer, wanting her with every bone in his body. “And, to answer your earlier question, I don’t like the room. I love it.”
“Oh, good.” She pressed a hand to her breast. “You can change whatever doesn’t work for you. I just thought, you know, if you ever came back, having a place already furnished would be nice and—”
He shut her up. With his mouth.  
Much as he adored her rambling, he needed to kiss her. Like, yesterday. With an arm around her waist, he drove his tongue deep into the warm cavern of her mouth and backed her to the wall. Pressing himself against her soft curves, he groaned. Her fingers threaded through his hair, and she arched into him, making all thought disappear into a puff of smoke. His heart misfired and his lungs emptied.
Lifting his head, he tucked her hair behind her ears and cupped her face. When her heavy lids lifted, he smiled. “I got as far as the town limit and wanted to turn right back.”
Her throat worked a swallow. “Why didn’t you?”
“I had to say goodbye to the past.” Which he’d tell her about later because he kept nothing from her. She knew every twisted, ugly part of him. Strange that he just realized exactly how open he had been during their talks. 
She traced her fingertips over his jaw, her gaze focused on his shirt. “How long will you be in town?”
Forever, give or take a few decades. “As long as you’ll have me.” Her gaze whipped to his, and he nodded. “I’m done with the road.” He searched her face, looked in her eyes. “Did you mean what you said in your letter?” He pulled the note from his pocket and held it up.
She glanced at the paper and then him. “Every word.”
For his own sake, he unfolded it and showed her. 
She didn’t bother looking. She took it from him, refolded the paper, and set it beside them on the dresser. “I don’t need to read it again. I remember what I wrote. Yes, I meant everything I said.”
He took in her expression, the sincerity in her cocoa eyes, and breathed for the first time in days. “You were right. Home can be a place and, for me, that place is St. Helena. It can be a state of mind and, thanks to you, I finally got there.” He caressed her cheek with his knuckle. “And it most definitely can be a person because you are my home, Marina.”
A gasp, and her eyes spilled over with tears. She stared at him, hope in her gaze.
“I wouldn’t mind hearing that last part you wrote.” He brushed his nose with hers. “Tell me. I’d rather hear the words than read them.” Tension knotted his muscles as he waited, holding his breath to absorb the phrase the second she spoke. For years, he’d told himself he didn’t need—
“I love you.”
His chest deflated and his eyes burned. Filled. Damn, how wrong he’d been. He did need to hear that, frequently and from no one but her. “Would you...” His voice broke and he closed his eyes a moment. “Would you mind repeating that? It’s not something I’ve been told all that often.”
Understanding shone in her eyes. “I love you, Josh.”
“I love you, too.” He jerked his head, squinting. Come to think of it, he’d never said the three words before, either. “I love you,” he said again, testing it out.
A helpless noise escaped her throat and, as she rose on her toes to get closer, he leaned in and...they clunked heads.
Laughing, he pulled away. “That’s fitting. You tried to give me a concussion when we met. It only seems right I return the favor when I tell you how much you mean to me. Which is everything, by the way.”
Her lip quivered. “Do you mean that? Really?”
“Yes, really.” He rested his forehead against hers. “This relationship thing is going to be a trial and error on my part, mostly error, but bear with me.” He sighed. “These past few days have been the longest of my life. Since I was a kid, it’s like I’ve been going through the motions without knowing half of me was missing. I’m whole with you. Does that make sense?” Because he was screwing this up already, for sure.
She smiled and buried her face in his neck. “You make total sense.”
Jesus, he could gladly slip into a sugar coma on her scent. He kissed her forehead, her cheeks, then spoke against her mouth. “Thank you, Marina, for being the first person to love me. I promise you’ll be the last.”
She cupped his face and kissed him, issuing those needy noises that drove him mad with desire. “We should break in your new bed. Right now.” 
Done. Grinning, he swept an arm under her legs and lifted her, securing her against his chest. “Let’s do that. Break in my new bed in my room in my house with my woman—”
She pressed a finger to his lips, stopping his rant instead of the usual reverse. “Welcome home.”
CHECK OUT MORE BESTSELLING/ AWARD-WINNING BOOKS BY KELLY MORAN. CLICK THE PICTURE TO LEARN MORE OR KEEP SCROLLING FOR DEETS!






























ABOUT THE AUTHOR:
Kelly Moran is a bestselling author of enchanting ever-afters. She gets her ideas from everyone and everything around her and there's always a book playing out in her head. No one who knows her bats an eyelash when she talks to herself.

Kelly is a RITA® Finalist, RONE Award-Winner, Catherine Award-Winner, Readers Choice Finalist, Holt Medallion Finalist, and landed on the "Must Read" & "10 Best Reads" lists at USA TODAY's Lifestyle blog. She is a former Romance Writers of America® member, where she was an Award of Excellence Finalist. Her books have foreign translation rights in Germany, the Czech Republic, Romania, and the Netherlands.

Kelly's interests include: sappy movies, all kinds of art, driving others insane, and sleeping when she can. She is a closet coffee junkie and chocoholic, but don't tell anyone. She's originally from Wisconsin, but she resides in South Carolina with her significant other, her three sons, their wily dog, and their sassy cat. She loves hearing from her readers.
FOLLOW ON:  
Website  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  TikTok  Pinterest  
IF YOU ENJOYED THIS TITLE, PLEASE CONSIDER LEAVING A REVIEW.



 



Thank you for reading!
