

Love Thing



Phil Wohl
	It was a long, soul-crushing road for Norah Weisman in what amounted to her dating reincarnation.  
	“So, am I supposed to sleep with them right away or should I play hard to get?” she asked her friend Karen Bush, who was a dating expert after five years of blissful divorce.
	“Let me put it this way, if you put a LoJack on my vagina it would be half-way to Tijuana by now.”
	Norah thought, “I don’t know what the fuck this chick is talking about.” And then it hit her, “Are you saying that your hooch has a lot of miles on it?”
	Somehow her loose lips were actually sinking buoyant ships, as the reference found it’s mark.
	“Hey, I’m not looking for another husband. Heck, I don’t even let men sleep over and I race out of their beds once I can find my clothes.”
	Norah did a lot of internal processing when talking to Karen Lerner, either when they were in person or texting.  The two ladies had been friends since they were in grade school, but they never shared a unified view on the opposite sex, or relations at a rudimentary level.  
	Norah was in New York and Karen was in Michigan, which was the state where Norah was raised until she made a run for it after her divorce.  Through Canada, Upstate New York and then the big city, where she had been living somewhat cramped but happily for the past 10 years. She had dated sporadically as she climbed the ladder of morning TV production, but no one had piqued her interest over the years.  For her, it was a rather simple decision to throw all of her energy into her career and not worry so much about finding Mr. Right.
	“I think you should create a profile on a dating site,” Karen stated on the other end of a video chat.
	“Why?” Norah thought and then said, “Why?”
	“Because it’s fun,” Karen said, flashing back to some of her many conquests that resulted from on-line and, more recently, in-app hookups.
	Norah flashed back to Karen always dragging her along when they went out as teenagers, often having to sit and watch television while her spirited friend was getting busy.  She was sure that Karen had gone through the phone book a few times without actually realizing this feat.
	Norah rolled her eyes but that did little to slow the shitstorm.
	“I’ll set one up for you on the new site,” Karen stated.
	“What is it called, this site that you are going to baptize me on?”
	“For Life,” Karen replied. “That seemed right for you. What, did you think I’d put you on something like Let’s Fuck or Get Down?”
	“Like there are such apps,” Norah joked as Karen looked the other way to not implicate herself on actually exploring such cheeky ventures.
The Flip Side: Cloudy, With a Change of Hail
	“I think you should start dating again,” David Klein said to his father Ben.
	Ben usually receded when the subject took a turn for the worse to his social life, or lack thereof.
	“Next subject,” he replied.
	“I thought since my life is about to become more of a union that you would also follow suit.”
	David had been planning to propose to his on-again, off again, girlfriend for months and was about to finally pop the question.
	“Do you really think that girl is going to say yes?” Ben asked, trying to confront his son while also changing the subject with expedience.
	David was home for the weekend to check up on his father, who tended to get locked in a routine and drift away from society.  He brought a few loads of laundry as he and his dad left the city on Friday night for their escape home in Eatons Neck, which was located in a secluded bay community in the town of Huntington on the North Shore of Long Island.  Ben preferred this to having to trek out to the Hampton’s either in-season or out-of-season.  It was a rarity that he stayed in the city on weekends, but David usually tagged along every other month when his laundry hamper was filled beyond capacity.     
	“She has to say yes,” David gleefully replied.
	Usually, Ben was quick to support his son with positive feedback, but his silence left David with a supportive hole in the conversation.
	“You know I love you, right?” Ben stated, although the reference left the door open for words that might deescalate from there.
	David tried to stay afloat even though the air in his balloon was deflating.
	“Yes. Of course.”
	“I just don’t want to see your heart broken,” Ben said. “She doesn’t look at people when they talk, she looks through them.”
	David remained in the land of denial, “Are you worried that you won’t get along?”
	Ben smirked, “No, not at all.”
	“Good.”
	“I know she will never give me the right time of day,” Ben countered.
	David was desperate to change the subject. So, he did just that.
	“When was the last time you were on a date?” David asked as they walked from the kitchen to the deck overlooking the bay.  It was early spring but the weather was fairly mild as they sat in comfortable chairs and swigged on tall-neck beers.
	Ben knew exactly what his transparent son was trying to do, but he decided to play along.  He felt that resisting and parenting all the time was an exhaustive pursuit.
	“It’s been a while.”
	“How long?”
	“How long has your mother been dead?”
	“Ten years today,” David stated.
	“Interesting timing on your inquiry, then.”
	“You’ve been with a few women since then,” David insisted.
	“Yes, but I would hardly call those dates. I have this widower mystique flowing from me.”
	“I think it’s time that you moved on,” David said and then qualified his messy ask. “Hold on. Before you bite my head off, you know would I meant. We’ll never forget mom, but I don’t want to see you alone as you get older and I settle down.”
	“Now I’m older,” Ben pushed back. “Fifty-eight and one foot in the grave. Well, it’s been a good run.”
	“You know what I’m trying to say,” David said.
	“Don’t count those chickens before they hatch, baby,” Ben said in the voice of his late wife.
	David put his head down and then smirked, “I hear you.”
	“And I hear you,” Ben added.
College Flashback: Change is Good
	“You should leave him,” 17-year-old Heidi Weisman said to her mother as she was navigating her senior year of high school and was narrowing down her choices of where to attend college. 
	“Why would you talk about your father in that way?” Norah asked and then acquiesced. “Even though he deserves it.”
	“My friends saw him at the Clarkston Tavern the other night and he was with another woman. He said hello to them as if it was completely natural. As if he was with you.”
	“Not that I want to put pressure on you, but have you made your decision?” Norah inquired.
	“I’ve narrowed it down to Michigan, Cornell and Columbia,” Heidi stated. “Been there, done that with Michigan. They won’t help me with tuition and the school’s so big. Cornell might give an aid package and Columbia just sent me a letter today saying they could fulfill my financial need for the pre-med and medical programs if I agreed to stay within their medical system.”
	“Well, I think we should take a trip to New York. We’ll fly into Upstate New York and then drive down to Manhattan,” planner extraordinaire Norah said.
	Heidi smiled, “I like it,” and the two women hugged.
	The adventure was in doubt when two feet of snow fell on the Ithaca area on the eve of the trip.  Even though the ladies were from Michigan, which got its fair share of cold and snow, they had never experienced anything like this.  Two feet of snow in Michigan would be mass hysteria, with flights and basically all travel grinding to a halt.  This was not the case in places like Upstate New York, Vermont, Minnesota and Maine, where no one seemed to mind the icy precipitation and streets and runways were cleared with ease and regularity.
	Mom and daughter seemed to be in sync as their plane was about to touch down on the runway.  Perhaps they had their sights set on the Big Apple, the city that never sleeps, not the little slice in the nether regions of the Empire State.  The medical programs at Cornell were impressive and the faculty seemed genuinely interested in Heidi and seemed committed to optimizing her university experience and beyond.
	“What do you think?” mom asked daughter in a perfunctory way. 
	“It was nice,” Heidi simply replied after they spent a night at a local hotel and were eating breakfast together.
	As they were getting in the car Norah looked over at her daughter and said, “I guess we’ll know more in a few hours.”
	Heidi smirked, “Yes, I believe we will.”
	The four-hour drive to 114th street in Manhattan included a few stops, as the anticipation of what could be amplified the fluency of their bladders.  It was a rare dynamic for a college trip, where the future of mother and daughter were so dynamically linked.  But it wasn’t until they both their first view of the big city on the Henry Hudson Parkway that the reality of the situation fully set in.
	It was approaching noon and the ladies were advised to park in one of the visitor’s spaces at the Columbia University main building.  Otherwise, it would have cost them in excess of $60 to park for the afternoon.  Luckily, there was one space open, being that this was a weekend and the campus was still transitioning from winter break to the spring semester.
       Heidi felt a surge of energy as she and her mother exited the car and stretched their long legs.
“Less snow here,” Norah stated as there was barely a few inches on the ground.
Heidi looked around, “This place is so raw.” She had been sheltered in the cushy Northwest suburbs of Detroit, Michigan, and became wide-eyed at the possibilities. They stood outside of the building for a few moments before going in for their appointment, swallowed whole by the overpowering enormity of the city.  
“We’re a long way from Kansas,” Norah said as she out her arm around her daughter.
Heidi put her arm around her mom and then stated, “There’s no place like home,” as the decision was made even before the paperwork was signed and sealed.  
Always Go Blue 	 
	Like two ships passing in the night, one vessel was coming in and the other exiting from the smitten mitten of the welcoming Midwest.  David always had his sights set on the University of Michigan since he was a smallish boy.  Of course, being 6’4” meant that he was usually of above-average size when compared to his peers.  Ben had watched the maize and blue since he was pubescent every Saturday at noon in the fall when college football was televised.
	And, since Ben did not attend the University of Michigan because he had the opportunity to earn his own way by throwing a ball with great regularity through an iron hoop, it made David even more resolute.  He never seemed to deviate from the dream since the age of 12.  All he could think about was attending games at the Big House and going to school in Ann Arbor.  
	That dream was shared by his mother, Sophie Klein, who always implored David to follow his heart.  In fact, it was on their visit to Ann Arbor when she first had the feeling that life would not be punching her ticket long term.
	“Can we afford this?” Ben asked as they sat in Zimmerman’s Deli as David went to the bathroom.
	“No, but everything will be okay,” she replied.   
	Being an eternal optimist made it difficult for Ben to detect when his wife of 20 years was being overly dramatic.
	Her million-dollar life insurance policy would ensure that everything would be taken care of after she was gone.  Sophie’s headaches got progressively worse through the spring and into the summer, but all her doctors would do was give her drugs for what they diagnosed as migraines.  She soldiered on and focused only on bringing her son to college and seeing his dreams come true.
	They spent the weekend attending Michigan football’s first game of the year.  At least Ben and David.  Mom stayed back at the hotel and slept most of the day.  Sophie had remained at her job through the pain because she knew her company compensated her with another million-dollar life insurance policy, and she wasn’t going to give that up.  Being a partner at an advertising agency had its perks. Especially during the summer, when business slowed, and most executives recharged their internal batteries for the year-end push.
	Michigan crushed the University of Miami of Ohio, 56-3, and the men had a great time.  They all ate together and then mother and father left son the next morning.
	“Are you gonna’ be okay?” David asked his mother after excitedly sharing a bear hug with his dad.  The two tall men causing the ground to shale from their collective mass.
	Sophie smiled, “All that matters is that we made sure that you wound up where you were supposed to be. That you followed your dreams.” She reached up and stroked his brown hair, much as she had done when he was younger to help him relax and drift off to sleep.
	“Always follow your dreams,” she repeated, and they hugged and kissed each other’s cheeks.
	David was so high from the experience that all he could do was smile.  The self-centered nature of an 18-year-old inhibited him from rappelling into a dark well.  While he understood the gravity and frailty of his mother’s condition, he chose the path of denial in his final remarks.
	“I’ll see you over the Thanksgiving break,” he said as they hugged again. The chilling thought of never seeing his mother again made him never want to let go of her again, even if other co-eds were observing.
	“You were the best thing I’ve ever done, so don’t ever waste any of your gifts,” Sophie said as they separated. They both wiped their moist eyes. While football had joined father and son, Sophie and David were carbon copies of each other and often squabbled over benign details that often-left Ben flummoxed. They had their own language, and Sophie often joked that David got his smarts from her. Although in jest, it was actually more realistic in its foundation.
	A month later, Ben and Sophie were driving home from Whole Foods.  She had been growing weary from the escalating workload, but she barely slowed down.  It wasn’t noticeable to anyone at her firm, but he was well aware of her continued erosion.  He chose his words carefully.    
	“What’s going on for the rest of the day?” he asked instead of the more traditional and useless, “How are you feeling?,” which always seemed to put emphasis on her not feeling very well.
	“I might make a few calls and then chill a bit,” she replied.
	Ben knew the word ‘chill’ was code for taking a nap, so he was happy to go down as well after a monstrous caseload at the District Attorney’s office over the past week.  Crime never seemed to stop, and Ben was thinking that his life needed to be more directional in a positive way.
	Sophie realized that it was Saturday late morning, so she asked, “Who is Michigan playing today?”
	Ben knew the schedule by heart.
	“They’re off this week. Each team gets one bye week during the season to rest up. They haven’t lost a game yet.”
	Sophie did not respond in the next few seconds, prompting Ben to look over and see her eyes closed.  He couldn’t get a full look at her since he was driving and had to pay attention to the road ahead.
	A few minutes later, they arrived at home.  Ben reached up and clicked the garage door opener and the door started opening.  Life slowed into a surreal experience, as he was finally able solely focus on her well-being.  Ben first felt her usually warm skin, which was now cool to the touch.  He put the car in park and felt the underside of her wrist.  After feeling no beat, he touched her neck and again came up empty.
	“Fuck!” he grunted and then located his phone and dialed 9-1-1 as he put the car in reverse and backed out of the driveway.  The garage remained open, as Ben prioritized vehicle speed over home safety.
	“9-1-1, what is your emergency?” the dispatcher asked over the car’s speaker.
	Since he was less than five minutes from the hospital, Ben figured he could get there faster than the time it would take for the ambulance to arrive.  Not that it really mattered in the end, anyway.  The terminal damage had already been done.
New York State of Mind
	With the help and foresight of her daughter Heidi, Norah Weisman took the plunge and severed ties with her husband.  The divorce became official on the day they both left for New York.  Usually divorces take a lot longer than three months to be finalized, but Norah uttered the magic words that would ensure their freedom.
	“I don’t want anything from you!” she yelled at husband Jon.
	“What does that mean?” he asked.
	She no longer had patience, “I don’t know how much simpler I can make this, but Heidi is going to Columbia University and I am going with her.”
	“You’re going to college?” he sarcastically and hurtfully inquired.
	She ignored him and kept moving forward.
	“You keep the house, your girlfriend and your money. We’ll make it just fine without you!”
	Jon cared little about the women in the house and quickly replied, “You put that in writing, and I’ll sign that shit right now!”
	She purposely walked to the center island in the kitchen and returned with a brown folder – the kind that lawyer’s use – removing her paperwork and handing it to him with a pen.
	“Sign at the places that are tabbed,” she stated.
	He continued to be a dick, “Should I have my lawyer look at this?”
	Norah laid down the law, “If you don’t sign that shit right now, I will go to court and take you for everything you have. Your choice, but Heidi and I are out of your life. And I’m taking my car.”
	He looked over the papers quickly and realized he would be fucked through hesitation.  His wife was not a vindictive person and he often took advantage of her purity of spirit.  In the end, he decided to take the sweet del before the bitch he did not love changed her mind.  Jon considered the loss of his daughter as collateral damage for his gain.
	He quickly signed the papers and said, “Have a good life.”
	She replied in a professional tone, “My lawyer will file and send copies to your brother,” who was his lawyer.
	Norah and Heidi found an apartment on their initial trip and decided to leave the day after Heidi graduated from high school, which was also the day after he signed the divorce papers.  They figured that a summer of work would give them a head start on making money and establishing a cushion before the school year began.
	They drove from Michigan to New York in their packed SUV.  Norah had sold some her jewelry, including her engagement and wedding rings, which gave them more than enough to cover the security deposit and first month’s rent on their apartment.  Once they unloaded the car, Norah drove it to a dealer on the outskirts of the city who gave her a nice check for her Ford SUV.  She took a cab back and then immediately deposited the check in their new joint account at Citibank.  Heidi met her there and they signed into their new life together.
	They arrived on Saturday and the started their new jobs on Monday morning after resting on Sunday.  Norah was as an Associate Producer on a local morning show, which had her up at 3:00 a.m., taking a subway downtown.  And Heidi started at 7:00 a.m. at the school’s hospital as a nurse’s aide, cleaning out bedpans, changing sheets and doing anything else that was needed.
	They both started at the bottom as glorified gophers and began the journey on the way up, one step at a time.
	Heidi liked her job so much that she continued to work once school started, accumulating hours whenever she could.  Norah’s job was slated as a Monday through Friday gig, but it quickly ramped up to seven days a week, which was the pace her daughter was on as well.
	They spent time together when they could during that first year in New York, especially for a few days in the early summer when they both had a few days off.
	“What do you want to do?” Norah asked. 
  	“Shouldn’t we celebrate making it a year in New York?” Heidi countered.
	They looked at each other and mother said to daughter, “We have just begun.”
	“Yeah, let’s enjoy the city for a change,” Heidi said.
	“What a great idea!” Norah replied.
	So, they did all of the things that they had wanted to do since they were in Michigan, including taking a Circle Line boat to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, and going to see a Broadway show, but mostly walking around the marvel of New York, Central Park.
	“How come we’ve never been here?” Heidi asked as they walked near Strawberry Fields.
	“I feel blessed that we have each other,” mother said to daughter.
	They hugged and joined heads while sitting on a bench near people roller skating to disco music.
	“They don’t have places and people like this in Michigan,” Heidi stated.
	Norah smiled, “No, they don’t. Next time we take a breath, let’s go to the beach. The ocean.”
	Heidi smiled, “That’s right! We have an ocean here!’ as daughter rested her head on her loving mother’s shoulder.
The Aftermath
	Ben jetted to the same hospital where Sophie had undergone tests for her persistent headaches.  The conclusion of those tests by highly trained medical professionals indicated migraine and nothing more.  The medicine they prescribed made her increasingly nauseous and potentially triggered other problems.
	He pulled up in front of the emergency entrance and was met by a team of people who had been alerted to his arrival.  They opened the passenger door with urgency but were slowed by Sophie’s cold temperature and general peacefulness.  Typically, in emergency situations, they would be trying to administer something, anything to slow a downward spiral.  But that didn’t happen on this picturesque fall day.  
	That didn’t stop the doctors and nurses to go through the motions, since bringing her inside the hospital would create a more lucrative billing scenario than simply pronouncing her dead in the parking lot.  Ten minutes after she had arrived, the lead emergency physician officially called the end of Sophie’s life.  
	Ben then decided that he was going to use whatever brain cells he had left.
	“How come this was not an option when you ran all of those tests?” he asked Dr. Prekash, who was her doctor and had raced over from another wing of the hospital to administer damage control.
	He briefly looked the previous tests on his iPad and replied, “It must have been something that developed over time,” so as not to use language that would bolster a malpractice suit.
	The words ‘over time’ stuck in Ben’s mind, being that Sophie’s symptoms had only surfaced in the last six-to-nine months.  As an attorney, ‘over time’ in a reasonable person’s vocabulary would suggest a period of years not months.
    	The doctor left the examination room as Ben and a nurse remained in the room.  She had planned to give her notice that afternoon after growing tired of the mismanagement and lack of care present in the hospital.  She was leaving for a smaller hospital in another state.
	“It’s all about the averages,” she stated.
	Ben picked up his heavy head and turned to his left to make eye contact with the woman.
	“Averages?” he inquired.
	“Yes, averages,” she repeated. “They won’t take on any cases with the potential for a high mortality rate.”
	Ben put two and two together.
	“So, they swept it under the carpet instead of issuing a full diagnosis.”
	She then handed him a small stack of notes the doctors had compiled.  He nodded in thanks and she walked out of the room, never to be seen again within the halls of the building.  
	The coroner came by a few minutes later and Ben told him that his wife wanted to be cremated, so he and his helper put her body in a black, zippered bag after Ben kissed her forehead and whispered, “I will see you soon, love.”
	Ben walked out of the hospital and sat in his car, reading the notes that described his wife’s condition as dire.  This was a shocking change from the watered-down version they were handed.  He then put the paper on the spot where his wife had just died and reached for his phone.
	David saw his dad’s likeness on his phone and gladly answered the call.
	“Hey, dad! How’s mom feeling?’ he asked, knowing that would be the focus of the conversation on a non-gameday.
	Ben paused for a moment, partly since he wanted to compose himself and mostly because he was totally numb.
	“You should come home,” was all that he said. And then after a moment of gut-wrenching silence, he added, “Mom is gone.”
	David was speechless for one of the few times in his young life.
	“There will be a ticket waiting for you at the JetBlue gate. I will pick you up.”
	They hugged at the baggage claim area for what seemed like days and then drove home in relative silence, except for the noise from the few cars on the road at 11:45 p.m.  It wasn’t until they arrived home and sat parked in the driveway that the discussion began.
	“What happened?” David asked.
	“We were driving home from Whole Foods,” Ben started and then stopped in his tracks. “Fuck! The food is still in your mother’s car.” He then got back on track after the loss of his wife obviously trumped the loss of some of the groceries. “She asked me who Michigan was playing today. We were sitting right here, and I opened the garage. I said they were off – had a bye – and then she didn’t respond, so I thought she fell asleep. I thought it was an add place in the middle of a conversation to doze off, but… she somehow knew that you could come home, and it wouldn’t get in the way of your weekend.”
	They sat in stunned silence until David concluded, “I’m not going back.”
	Ben snapped out of his daze, as if he were propelled by his wife’s spirit, “The hell you aren’t! What was the last thing she said to you when we left Michigan?”
	“She told me to follow my dreams.”
	“Do you think your dreams would be fulfilled by watching me mope around and stare at the four walls?” Ben asked.
	“Probably not,” David shrugged.
	They went back and forth for a few days until Ben finally convinced his son to go back to school.
	“Come back for Thanksgiving and we’ll talk some more. And then we’ll continue the discussion over the winter break.”
	David came back the day before Thanksgiving and asked his dad, “How are you doing?” on the way home from the airport.
	“I sued the hospital,” Ben replied.
	Their talks continued to progress by the time David came home in December.  They sat in the kitchen since all of the other rooms felt hollow and uncomfortable.
	“I want to sell the house,” Ben stated.
	“I didn’t want to say anything, but I think that’s a good idea,” David agreed. “Hey, what happened with that lawsuit?”
	“They settled,” Ben simply replied.
	“Settled? How much?”
	“A million,” Ben replied like it didn’t matter.
	David looked at his dad with the same “what the fuck?” face Sophie used to flash him.
	“Okay, here’s the deal,” Ben began. “You’re almost 19 and I assume that you have hair on your balls, so it’s time we stopped focusing on college football and get down to business. Agreed?”
	David was about to turn 19 and he did, indeed, have hair on his balls, so he said, “Agreed.”
	“Your mom had two life insurance policies. One I took out and another she got from her firm. So, if math holds and I add the other million I got from that those lying scum bags from that fuckin’ hospital, I now have three million dollars. Plus the other money and assets I already have.”
	David sat motionless, waiting for the next thing that would come out of his non-materialistic father’s mouth.  If past were prologue, it would be quite engaging.
	“So, this is the way I see it. I’m selling this house and buying another house on Eaton’s Neck that I’ll show you tomorrow. Second, I’m leaving my job. My pension is still intact, and I’ll be able to maintain my benefits for the next six months. I need some time to get my shit together and figure out what’s next, because I have your mother’s voice in my head to keep going. Third, and probably the most significant for you, your school is paid for and will be for as long as you need it. I also am giving you $100,000 of seed money to start your venture capital firm.”
	David heard the words ‘$100,000’ and ‘venture capital firm’ and instantly started crying.  Ben joined him briefly in waterworks and then said, “It’s something we talked about often. In fact, she wrote you a letter a few days before the end. I was against it because I didn’t want to believe that anything bad was going to happen to her. But, as usual, she knew better than anyone.”
	Ben handed David the folded sheet of paper, stood up, extended his long frame and then walked out of the kitchen.
	“Nature calls,” he said on the way out as David got even less comfortable and unfolded the letter.
My Dearest David,
If you’re reading this, then I guess that my headaches wound up being a great deal more than those asshole doctors were willing to admit!
My greatest regret being that I won’t see Michigan win the national championship, although the odds of that happening in your lifetime was pretty slim anyway.
Use that big brain of yours! Spread your infectious energy and make connections that will last for a lifetime (or as long as you need them). See things for what they are, not for what you hope they will be, because the truth always sets you free!
Work hard, enjoy your life and always listen to your father. He is the wisest and kindest person I have ever known. After all, he knew from the moment that we would be married!
You always wanted to invest in start-ups, so here’s your chance. See if you can make it with that initial seed money before hitting your dad up for another round.
Making money is only half of the game, with the other half being helping people who are pure of heart realize their dreams. Purity never fades (people never change). Find it and you will live a long, prosperous and fulfilling life.
I love you forever and ever!
Mom  	
	David read the letter a few more times and stared at the ‘forever and ever’ line they used to say every night before bed when he was a small boy.
	“That’s some pretty heavy shit, eh?” Ben said as he reentered the room.
	David wiped his moist eyes as his dad wrapped his arms around David’s head, “Like elephant balls.”
The Morning Show
	A lot happened in the 10 years since Norah and Heidi moved to the Big Apple from the Motor City.  They were two wide-eyed Michiganders who drove the city that never sleeps ready to take on the world.  Both women were so determined that their social life took a back seat to their intellectual pursuits.  It was as if they had decided to work unabated until a point in time when there were few obstacles remaining in their way.
	After six years living uptown near Columbia, it was finally time for a change of venue.  Heidi blazed through her pre-med undergrad studies in only three years and was given further incentive to stay at the college to get her doctorate in neurology.
“Why neurology?” Norah asked her daughter when she had made up her mind at the tender age of 18.
“It’s everything,” Heidi simply replied. “If you want to understand how the body works, how it essentially functions, then you have to start with the electrical system.”
Norah knew her daughter always had plans, which was something they had in common.
“And, after that?” she asked.
“A doctorate in robotics from NYU,” she said without hesitation.
Norah also had a plan that was being executed without delay.  She progressed from being an Associate Producer on a local New York morning show to Producer then Executive Producer in the first three years, which gave her the visibility to securing a job as a Producer on The Morning Show, which was the top national daily broadcast.
Right around the time the pair moved to a spot that was between their two daily activities – mom on the Upper Westside and daughter down on the single-digit streets of New York University – they moved to Chelsea in an apartment Norah bought overlooking the Hudson River near Chelsea Pier.
Over the next four years, Norah spread her wings to become the Executive Producer of The Morning Show: Weekend Edition to being promoted to Executive Producer of all of The Morning Show properties.  She was a pretty big deal, and Heidi was moving stride-for-stride with her.
“Would you like to get some coffee with me some time?” Arnold Breckenridge asked Heidi one afternoon following a research session.
“I could use a boost right now, but I’m always worried about the corrosive impact that artificial stimulants have on our neurological framework.”
“You see, that’s what I like about you,” he blurted. “You can make most mundane subjects inherently more complex.”
She cut right to it. “Oh, I’m sorry, Arnold. I don’t see you in that way.”
They continued to walk together until he thought of a shot that wouldn’t have a high probability of being rejected.
“What way do you see me?”
She saw a turtle and didn’t hesitate to flip it on its back.
“What way do you want to be seen?”
“As an equal. As a partner. Physically,” he countered, as his use of the word ‘physical’ hung in the air like Macy’s Thanksgiving Day balloon.
Heidi stopped in her tracks, just short of the coffee shop, “Yeah, that’s not gonna’ happen.” She refocused, “You still want to get a beverage?”
Arnold stood motionless, his entrails scattered and trailing on the floor, while she remained in constant motion and relentlessly moving forward.
“Okay, I guess not. See you around, Arnold,” Heidi said as she walked away and didn’t give the encounter another thought.
Norah had gone through similar awkward interactions on her way up The Morning Show ladder.  There had been suitors who had attempted to gain access to her world and bed, but none were successful at least for more than a date or two.
Her predecessor, Margo Thompkins, once told her in the most eloquent way, “It’s been hard enough for us to gain power, let alone be seen as an equal. So, no matter what you do, do not shit where you eat.”
New Yorkers were much cruder than Michiganders, but Norah appreciated the emphasis placed on the separation of her professional and personal lives.  The only problem was that her personal life had become her professional life, and vice versa.  She had a few weekend trysts over the years while rubbing elbows in the Hamptons, but nothing stuck.
But now her life had finally slowed after a decade at a full sprint, albeit an enjoyable and rigorous adventure.
“Why do you think it is that we both don’t date much?” Norah asked Heidi one night while they ate dinner at their favorite restaurant.
The waiter came over and smiled at Heidi as he asked for their drink orders.
“I’ll have a seltzer with a twist of lime,” Norah said.
“Yeah, I’ll have the same. I wouldn’t drink the tap water in a million years.” Heidi added.
The waiter had just down a few glasses other of water, but then realized her comment was passive-aggressive in nature and meant for him to undo his action. So, he picked up the glasses, said “Very good,” and then walked away.
“You see!” Norah exclaimed. “That guy was hitting on you and you cut him right down to size. He walked away with his tail between his legs.”
“I don’t like tap water,” Heidi stated but then realized that she could have provided a more suitable response. “It’s probably dad’s fault.”
Norah nodded, “Well, it might be time for us to let that asshole go already.”
Heidi nodded in agreement, “Yes, it’s well past that time.”
The waiter brought back their non-alcoholic cocktails and then mom offered a toast.
“Here’s to a new beginning.”
“With predictable possibilities,” Heidi added as they clanked glasses.
Norah couldn’t argue with that.
“Predictable possibilities.”
Whole Venture
	Ben took a few months to clean out the old home and move into the new home.  He also needed some time to adjust to his new life without Sophie.  Instead of partying with the co-eds over Spring Break, Ben predictably decided to come home.
	“This may sound weird, but I like the new house better,” he said as he and his father sat on the deck overlooking the bay.
	“I hear you on that,” Ben agreed as they clanked beers.
	A week later, Ben’s sidekick returned to his bustling life in Ann Arbor while Ben had no plans for his future.  Hell, he didn’t even know what he was doing from day to day.  But that changed one afternoon when he was sitting in his favorite spot, his brain melting into the gentle flow of the bay.  His front breast pocket vibrated, which was a sensation that had faded as the days progressed beyond his tragedy.
	“Hello,” Ben said in a voice that was emblematic of his non-recognition of the caller’s phone number. Usually in these types of circumstances it was always a robo-caller.
   	“Ben? This is Maggie Schoenfeld.”
	“Hey, Maggie!” Ben replied and the squinted due to a lack of understanding why she would be calling him. Although they had been colleagues at the District Attorney’s office, it had been almost a year since they had talked. 
	“I called, obviously, because I heard about Sophie. So sorry for you. She was an amazing woman.”
	“Thanks. Yes, she was.”
	Maggie continued, “Then I heard that you left the DA’s office.”
	Ben rolled his eyes to suggest that the caller had maintained her status as a yenta all these years, making people’s business her business as well.
	“Now, I only bring that up because I started my own executive search firm when I left the DA’s office.”
	“Good for you,” Ben said. “How’s that going for you?”
	“It’s been great! I have more business than I know what to do with. And that brings me to you, and the real reason, the personal reason, for this call. I know what a great lawyer you are and how you would be a valuable asset to any company.”
	Ben could feel the set-up coming.
	“Have you thought about the next step yet?”
	“I just moved into a new house in Eaton’s Neck and was settling in,” he replied, trying to avoid the question as much as possible while leaving the door ajar for something interesting.
	She plowed on since her primary motivation was to make money, with a secondary directive of maintaining her status as a human being.
	“Well, an opportunity just crossed my desk and I immediately thought of you.”
	And, while Ben was still fairly closed off to the outside world, he nonetheless was open to things of interest if they magically appeared.
	He didn’t voice an objection, so Maggie plowed forward.
	“Whole Foods as an opening for a General Counsel. Although the company is based in Austin, Texas, their legal staff is based in Manhattan. But, full disclosure, you would have to travel to Texas a few times a year.”
	“Whole Foods?” Ben thought. “I shop there. Wouldn’t buy my groceries anywhere else.”
	Then he said out loud in his most professional tone, “What’s the salary and what are their expectations for starting time?”
	Maggie laughed.
	“What’s so funny?” Ben asked.
	“We are both a long way from making those tight wages with the city. You will at least triple your salary.”
	Ben laughed, “But, will I get a discount in the store?”
	Maggie always had an answer in the ready for any query.
	“I believe their in-company discounts are tied to the personal health and fitness of their employees.”
	He smirked, “Well, I better get myself in shape.”
	Two months and two days later, Ben got the official offer and a professional purpose he wasn’t looking for but needed.  He also had Maggie negotiate a stipend that would help defray the cost of buying an apartment in Manhattan so he wouldn’t have to commute during the week.   
	Meanwhile, In Michigan, David was trying not to let the $100,000 seed money burn a hole in his pocket.  He was much more pragmatic than his father, showing his mother’s tendency to plan and sweat the details before taking a leap.
	The first thing he had to understand was the role of a venture capitalist and how he would go about making a sustainable business out of it.  Michigan allowed its freshman to defer declaring a major until year two, since most of the initial courses were introductory requirements that would help shape their decision.
	David had an Intro to Management class in his second semester and instantly took to the professor, Dr. Merriweather, even though the class was held in a conference hall and he sat 20 rows up.  But he decided to visit the professor during office hours.
	He knocked on the open door and said, “Dr. Merriweather?”
	Fifty-two-year-old Calvin Merriweather spent the past 10 years babysitting freshman after a rising career that was marred by an insider trading scandal.  Although he was never formally charged with a crime for distributing material non-public information about a tech startup in Ann Arbor, his reputation had taken a profound hit.  He surmised that the only reason the university didn’t fire him was because he was black and they feared a wrongful termination and racial discrimination suit.
	“Ah, young Mr. Klein. To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit? I know you’re not having trouble with the course material by this paper you turned in,” he said and then lifted the paper from his desk with an ‘A’ on it. News flash, you got an ‘A’ on the paper,” he joked.
	“Thanks!” David said, and then the professor figured the young man had other things on his mind.
	“I was sorry to hear about your mother,” Dr. Merriweather stated. “Well, I actually read about it this morning after class.
	David couldn’t believe that the doctor would take that much interest in an obscure freshman.
	“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in life is to pay attention to the details and place extra emphasis on thing that are special, are extraordinary. And the answer to your next question is, I would never flap my gums and release material non-public information. A former student was upset that his startup failed and wound up, what is called in business, being a sore loser.”
	David measured his professor for tone of voice and body language and then asked him, what appeared on the surface, to be a random question, but it was much more than that.
	“What did you get your doctorate in, economics?”
	Since it would make sense for a business professor to have his education focused on something like economics, David guided the conversation in that direction. Although, he knew it wouldn’t stay in a straight line for very long.
	“You and I both know both know that I wouldn’t waste time on such a worthless pursuit as economics. Yes, numbers are important, and so are trends and growth, but I didn’t want to even pretend that I can predict the future! No one who is on the level can do that. I believe in people. I invest my time in people. Their character. Their intentions. Yes, intention is the thing that I study the most.”
	“Well, since you’re a doctor in behavioral psychology, what is my intention? What do I intend to do? Why am I standing in your office?” David asked.
	“First of all, I want to apologize for not offering you a seat,” the doctor countered and then motioned, “Pick one that pleases you.”
	David looked around at the available chairs and picked the leather two-seater. “I’m big. I need room to spread out,” David said with confidence. “I’m sure my choice if seat says something about me.”
	Dr. Merriweather replied, “It says your prefer function to form. And your writing also follows a similar pattern.”
	David cut through it, “I want to hire you to help me, but I know I can’t pay you right now. Not because I don’t have the money, but it would put you in a precarious position with your current employer, being that’s what sent you to the dungeon in the first place.”
	“If I had a dollar for each young punk who thought they could take over the world, then I would definitely not be sitting here right now,” the doctor said to challenge David.
	David removed a dollar from his pocket, unfolded it and said as he put it on Merriweather’s desk, “Put that shit in a frame, because I have $100,000 in seed money and I plan to find a partner in the next few months. We will break a million dollars by the end of my sophomore year and at least $100 million by the time I graduate. At which time I will move back to New York and have office space in Manhattan. What do you think of New York? Because I was thinking that you could be the company’s Chief Operating Officer at four times your current salary.”
	Merriweather nodded his head, picked up the dollar bill from the desk and replied, “I have the perfect frame for this.”
	They talked almost daily after that and the good doctor suggested that David talk to another freshman named Ken Tanaka. Tanaka had impressed Merriweather in class just as David had, and he figured they would pair up well for the venture.  The doctor then arranged a meeting at his office.
	“I’ll let you boys talk,” Merriweather said and then left the room, closing the door behind him to preserve the sensitive talks.
	Tanaka looked at all of the available seating and David could sense he was less than comfortable.
	“You wanna’ go somewhere else?”
	“Yeah, all these offices do is inspire me to want to get the fuck out of here,” Tanaka joked.
	And they both said at the same time, “He’s like Yoda.”
	They left the office and talked about everything but the venture.
	“Hey, where are you from?” David asked.
	“Portland,” Ken replied and then clarified, “Oregon, not Maine.”
	“I assumed from the lack of East Coast accent,” David stated.
	“Then you must be a New Yorker,” Ken surmised.
	“You ever been there?” David asked.
	“Yeah once, a few years ago. Didn’t see a reason to come home. Going back the first chance I get,” Ken stated.
	“How about Spring Break?” David asked about the semester pause that was less than a month away.   
	“I’m down!” Ken replied as they shook hands. The informality of the exchange solidifying the birth of Klein Tanaka Ventures.
Flashbacks and Reminiscing
	At 58 years old, it was fair to say that Ben was a maturely developed human being.  The same could be said for Norah Weisman, who was one year his junior.  But the concept of ‘more’ is more of an individualistic pursuit.
	“My dating life has not been a picnic. Not that I’m fond of picnics, anyway. They seem like a good idea in the planning stage, but in the end it’s a lot more trouble than it’s worth,” Norah said as she talked on the phone to her old friend Karen Bush.
	Over the years, Norah had learned to stop making ‘long stories short’ and simply tell short stories to her New York contingent, while opening back up when conversing with friends from the old country.
	Karen had a sexual story for every occasion.
	“I once blew this guy at a picnic and he had to walk around the rest of the day with a huge jizz stain in the middle of his shorts.”
	“You have a one-track mind,” Norah replied while shaking her head.
	“Yes, you have to these days,” Karen countered. “Dating usually occurs in one of two categories: People are either looking for love and to find their soul mate, or it’s all about hooking up. If I had to put a percentage on each, and I must admit I have had more experience with the latter than the former…”
	“No shit!” Norah interjected.
	“It would be 10% serious and 90% sex. And, even on those serious dates, most people just want to hook up,” Karen concluded her modern dating thesis.
	“It’s not like I’m against sex, but I tend to more serious when I put my mind to something,” Norah stated.
	“How many times have you had sex since you left him and the rest of us?” Karen asked, referring to Norah leave both her husband and her friends in Michigan a decade earlier.
	“Let’s see,” Norah began, although her two brief affairs barely required much consternation.  If the roles were reversed, then Karen would have justly needed some time to infuse some forensic accounting while conducting a full audit of her many conquests.
	“Twice,” Norah replied and then course corrected, “Well, two people and multiple times.”
	“Well, we’ll have to do something about that. You’ve had some good dates over the years, haven’t you?
	Norah rolled her eyes again and thought, “Not that you would know. You were always having sex with guys when we went out, leaving me to watch TV or awkwardly talk to some asshole thinking he could get some because you were so loose.”
	The conversation ended a few minutes later as Norah sat in the relative quiet of her living room in the absence of much bus, police and ambulance noise that was ever-present in the city street below her apartment. 
	She remembered her first date when she was 15.  The boy’s name was Mark Bledsoe.  He was the consolation prize after Karen had ensnared her primary target, Clark Summers.  Her point of view at 15 was quite similar to what she thought about dating 42 years later: It wasn’t worth the bother.
	Even when she met her husband, her motivation was less than ideal.
	“It’s time, Norah!” her mother said sternly. “If you don’t take the leap now, then you might never have the opportunity.”
	Alice Portman was married three times in her life, which had ended 15 years earlier due to heart disease.  Norah’s dad died when she was only five, and then her mother remarried five years later when the money ran out. That man died 10 years later and her mother repeated the same exercise in funding with her last husband, who actually survived her.
	Norah muttered, “I don’t know if I ever loved anyone.”
	But, then she thought about her daughter Heidi and how much they loved each other. So, perhaps, it was a blessing that she listened to her mother and took the leap…
	Ben’s road to dating was simply a concession to his mortality.
	“I’m going to die at some point,” Ben said to David as they sat on their favorite spot facing the bay.
	“We’re all going to die at some point,” David responded.
	“True,” Ben conceded, “but I think it’s time for me to get out there again.”
	“Mazel tov!” David exclaimed.
	Ben quickly turned the tables, “What about you?”
	“You know how difficult it is for me. I never know if people like me for me or my livelihood.”
	“It’s that billion-dollar thing in your 20s, isn’t it?” Ben stated. “And yet, here you are hanging out with your dad most weekends.”
	David’s feelings were hurt.
	“You don’t like hanging out with me?”
	“No! You know how much I love you! You were the reason I have kept going all these years. That, and your mother would have haunted me from the great beyond if I gave up!”
	They both laughed.
	“She would want us to be happy,” Ben added.
	“I agree,” David said.
	In the days following their conversation, Ben reminisced about his dating history.  He had been in love only a few times but was head-over-heals just twice.  Once at first love and the other at last love.
	His first love was at the age of 16 when he spotted Audrey Donnelly at her locker.  It was a time in Ben’s life when he had finally started generating momentum for all of his hard work throwing a basketball into a hoop.  Prior to the fall of his junior year of high school, he was quite awkward around the opposite sex.  And this distance generally translated into the self-serve window.
	Traditional conventions had the make asking the female out by simply saying, “Will you go out with me?”
	Even that task, with its intense brevity, proved a traumatic and insurmountable mountain to climb.  But while he felt uneasy around most girls, that wasn’t the case with Audrey.
	It was after school and Ben was putting the books he was pretending to use back in his locker.  He then grabbed his gym bag, closed his locker, spun the lock and walked confidently across the empty hallway.
	“Hey, Audrey, he said with a smile on his face, like the mere sight of her had brightened his day.
	Audrey was from the other side of town, the clue collar side of town, so the two had not grown up together.  Her father was a drunk and his father was a raving lunatic, so their differences were not so vast on the surface.
	“Hi, Ben!” she enthusiastically replied with a huge smile of her own.
	Audrey was a junior cheerleader and had learned who Ben was a few days earlier in practice.  Another disappointing football season had mercifully ended and the girls were now focused on basketball, which was never the school’s strong point.
	“They won only four games last year,” senior captain Melanie Kirkland said to the group of 10.
	The other captain, Brittany Sullivan, tried to brighten the picture.
	“At least we’ll be inside,” alluding to the bitterly cold end to the football season. “So, who’s gonna’ save us this year from another losing year?”  
	“Anybody seen Ben Klein play?” Allison Lerner, a multi-sport athlete, interjected. “They guy has some serious skills.”	
	Head bitch, Melanie Kirkland, surveyed the squad and bellowed, “Donnelly, you handle the tumble run every time Klein scores. At 18, Kirkland was already tired and looking to smoke a pack of cigarettes and a quart of gin.
	While it was prestigious to handle the tumbling runs for a start player of any team, it required a commitment the senior captain no longer possessed.  Especially after her messy and extremely break-up with starting quarterback Mike Sweeney, who shit the bed repeatedly and basically blew his chance of playing in college.  The 18-year-olds were both has-been’s before they even graduated high school.
	“I’m gonna’ be tumbling for you,” she said and Ben thought, “Wow, this is going to be easier than I thought.”
	Audrey could see how Ben might have misconstrued her words.
	“Every time you score I’m going to do a tumbling run.”
	He had been focused on them scoring of the court but was happy to be associated her in any way.  Ben didn’t blink when he replied, “Well, it’s going to be a busy year for us both.”
	They talked for another 20 minutes, leaning against the lockers and chatting about random subjects that neither of them would remember.  She looked at his lips and wondering how it would feel to kiss him, and he dreamt of floating on a marshmallow cloud while holding her close.  He was about to enter the big time, both socially and athletically, and everything felt right.
	Two days later, they wound up in the same spot next to the lockers.  Only this time, they had at least an hour to play with.  They walked together down the hall and then up a flight of stairs where no one would interrupt their amorous flow.
	It was a warm day, so Ben opened up a window to let the hope of the fall breeze flow in.  He then sat on a windowsill because, at six-and-a-half feet tall, he towered over the five-foot-six-inch Audrey.
	Their eyes met and Audrey instinctively drew closer.  She had only made out with one boy in her life and Ben had the same tally, although the acts were devoid of much feeling.  While Ben had seen many women naked in magazines, his ability to actually imagine what love would feel like was limited to his exposure to fairytales and Hollywood movies.
	She didn’t hesitate and neither did he.  Their lips met and the world around them went quiet in a psychedelic transformation of fireworks and warm ocean waves.  They kissed as if their lips had met a thousand times, as they never stepped to take a breath or discuss what was happening.  Ninety minutes went by before they unlocked at the sound of car horns blaring.
	Audrey looked down at her watch and said, “We should go to the gym in a few minutes.”
	Ben said, “Yeah,” and then went back in for a second helping as time stood still and they were the only two people on the planet.  He now had a barometer for what spontaneous combustion felt like.
Dipping Toes
	There had been quite a line forming to date both Norah and Ben.  Colleagues had offered various people to make a match without success throughout the decade.  Often in life, people will take the easy way out, venturing on the road more traveled than exploring unknown terrain.  The unknown being fraught with potential rejection and negative stimuli.
	“I’m ready,” Norah said to the head makeup artist on The Morning Show.  The married gay man was the veritable traffic cop for all things in the New York social scene.
	“Oh my god!” he gasped. “You’re finally going to give that hibernating vagina some air! I have a girl that will landscape the shit out of that shrubbery for you!” 
	Norah agreed to her first date with a real estate mogul’s son, although she had to learn how to walk again after undergoing the rigors of a professional Brazilian wax.   
	“Next time be easier,” the waxologist said in her scattered English.
	Norah thought as she limped out, “Ain’t gonna’ be no rematch,” taking the words of Apollo Creed from the Rocky movies.
	The art of the phone call was obviously dead, because Peter Campbell got Norah’s number and decided to text her without even a basic greeting.
	“8 o’clock at Le Cochon.”
	Norah quickly looked up the French word ‘cochon’ and it translated into pig.  Although she had been eating less meat as of late, she simply replied, “Ok.”
	Eight o’clock was a little late during the week for someone who had to wake up in the wee hours of the morning, but Norah made the commitment to get back out there.  She showed up at the restaurant a few minutes before eight, but it took her an extra few moments to sift through the crowd to get the attention of the maître de.  
	“Sorry, we are booked,” he said in a thick French accent.
	Norah had been appropriately briefed before entering the restaurant.  She rarely headed into anything without a firm grasp of the situation.  Makeup aficionado Brett Summers gave her ammunition in case she was greeted with static.
	“Listen, Melvin. The fabulous Brett Summers sent me…”
	And before she could state her further intention, Melvin from Queens came back down to earth in his finest New York accent.
	“I’m sorry, doll. No harm, no foul. You’re here to dine with Mr. Campbell. Follow me, gorgeous.”
	And, as they walked to the table, Melvin added, “Between you and me, I wouldn’t touch that slime ball with a 10-foot pole. That man gets around. You feel me, girlfriend?”
	“I feel you,” Norah replied as they pounded fists.
	“Mademoiselle,” Norman said, returning to his shallow French roots, as he pulled the chair out for Norah, who waited a moment so her date could stand to greet her. He did not, which caused Norah to look at Melvin as they both rolled their eyes.
	“Keep the taxi running,” she whispered to Melvin.
	He smiled and then walked back to his bully pulpit, where he continued the French custom of being aloof and a complete asshole.
	Before Norah could nestle her butt in the finely appointed chair, he was snapping his fingers at the waiter.
	“What the fuck?” she thought. “I could be in shorts and a t-shirt right now eating a pint of Ben & Jerry’s.”
	“Bourbon, neat,” he said, jumping the drink ordering line in front of Norah.
 	“And for you, mademoiselle?” the waiter asked.
	“I’ll have a glass of white wine. Something on the sweeter side.”
	“We have a very nice Riesling from Germany.”
	Norah nodded, “Yes, thank you.”
	The waiter left and Peter jumped in, “The lady has a sweet tooth!”
	He never had to struggle a day of his life and always got what he wanted.  That was, until he met Norah.
	The waiter quickly returned with the drinks and Campbell blurted, “Get us some oysters.”
	The waiter left and Campbell moved in foe the kill.
	“I don’t think we should delay the inevitable.”
	“Excuse me?” she questioned.
	“I mean, if two people connect on a spiritual level then they should connect on a physical level as soon as possible.”
	Norah took a large gulp of her wine and joked, “Honestly, I was going to wait until the oysters came out to make a full evaluation.”   
	He nodded, “I’m cool with that.”
	Norah downed the rest of her wine, stood up, gently placed her napkin on her plate and said, “Don’t get up. I’ll see myself out.”
	She walked out of the restaurant and he had another girl meet him at his apartment after he downed the oysters. 
	On the same night, Ben had a date on the Upper Westside with a woman who was 50 years old and had never been married.
	“She’s a real catch,” Terri Reynolds, the firms first female Chief Financial Officer, said to Ben on the phone from Austin, Texas.
	“How do you know her?” he asked, knowing how tight the Whole Foods community was.
	“We were sorority sisters at Cornell and then we were roommates at Wharton Business School.  She’s the CEO of a fintech startup that got its second round of funding and is about to go public.”
	Ben really didn’t care about those details, so he went personal.
	“Has she ever been married?”
	Terri paused by answering, “No, she never met the right guy.”
	Ben was going to follow up with an age question, but that would have been inappropriate given they were work colleagues.  He also knew that she would not be a match for him.  His life was all about love and commitment, so any excuses she had to the contrary would inevitably ring hollow.
	But he went on the date, anyway, as a means to get some dating practice.  Not that he had forgotten how to talk to people or have sex.  It was more of a yearning he had to find the kind of connection that he had a few times and lost.  The pain of a normal life without true love to tie it all together was excruciating at times.  Ben arose every day with a blank canvas where he could only imagine a sea of colors filling the space and exploding his senses.
	Ben’s first impression of the woman was that she was attractive.  That’s when his lower brain tried to override his so-called primary brain.  It was a battle his cerebral cortex lost with regularity in his formative days.
	“Callie Zelman,” the woman said as her blue eyes locked with his light brown eyes.   
	“Ben Klein,” he replied as they shook hands.
	That was Callista Zelman’s move on a first date.  She was a serial first-dater who had worked the kinks out of what played and what didn’t play in the dating arena.  She knew men wanted to kiss her and stored that power in a shallow reservoir of positive affirmation.
	She never married for that very reason: the feeling of being wanted at the most powerful level before it eventual faded with time.  It was probably a similar reason why she never stayed with a company too long, whether she had an ownership stake or not.  She preferred the honeymoon phase of a start-up to the steady and stale experience of an established company any day.  Callie was a thrill seeker, and she was never lonely.
	Ben was quickly tangled in her web as she rubbed her leg against his under the small table in the dimly lit restaurant that she picked.  As Callie aged, the lighting in the restaurants she frequented obviously saved energy costs from a lack of lighting.
	He was usually a master of conversation as his inciteful replies were often a function of his keen listening skills.
	“So, Terri told me that you are a widower,” Callie said in between her chomping on calamari and him eating vegetable soup.  Ben snapped out of his trance once she said the word ‘widower’, a move that reestablished his upper brain’s dominance.
	“Yes, that happened,” he simply replied, not looking for sympathy or encouraging further conversation on the subject. While he loved his moved, he was there because he was trying to move on. But she pressed on.
	“Were you in love?” she shallowly asked. “Because I assume that it would be easier to lose someone if they didn’t mean as much to you.”
	“Oh!” Ben screamed inside. “There’s the asshole I expected! Let’s have a little fun.”
	“Yeah, I guess if you committed your entire life to another person and then lose them, it would be easier if you really didn’t give a shit in the first place.”
	And then he thought of his co-worker Terri, but he was in too deep to turn back now.
	“Have you ever been in love?” he asked.
	It was a simple question in its origin, but it seemed to stop Callie in her aggressive tracks.  She worked best in full throttle mode and rarely had to shift in reverse since she made sure to set all of the rules.
	She finished the rest of her breaded and fried rubber bands, downed the last third of whatever popular martini she was drinking and said, “Will you excuse me for a moment?”
	Ben nodded and briefly stood up as she rose and left the table.  He sat quietly for the next 10 minutes as the waiter came and cleared their appetizer plates and the drink glasses. He asked, “Can I get you another, sir?”
	Ben thought for a moment and then replied, “No thank you.”
	Under normal conditions, whatever that was, he would have grown impatient, paid the bill and taken his leave.  But he felt for the fractured human being who was trying to piece herself together in the lady’s room.  Her parents’ divorce when she was at the tender age of seven, effectively shuttering her core system of trust and severing her ability to fully love.
	She looked in the mirror and thought, “I have been in love several times.” But, as she peeled away the layers of her life, she realized that besides her mom she had loved a few cats, pairs of pumps, a dress or two, the way her ass looked in her favorite pair of jeans, but never for a boy. Or a girl.  Callie once had a crush on David Cassidy, and she even dreamt of being George Clooney’s wife, but love was never a constant thread.  
	Callie reapplied her lipstick and strolled her slender 5’9” frame back to the table.  Ben was surprised to see her sauntering over, as he was starting to think that she made her escape out of the bathroom window after their entrees were delivered.
	Ever the gentleman, Ben stood up and pulled out her chair and guided her back in front of her place setting.  He sat down and put his napkin back on his lap.
	“Me,” she replied.
	Ben nodded.
	“But I did want to fuck the shit out of David Cassidy and George Clooney.”
	Ben laughed, “I think everyone did,” as she laughed as well alleviating a lot of the tension that was resent when she left the table.
Moving On
	After making out for the better part of an hour in the shadows around the corner of the restaurant, Callie said.
	“Now take that big dick home and go meet your match. I got some meaningless fucking to do.”
	Ben smiled and kissed her for the last time.
	“Thanks for starting my engine. You are truly a gifted mechanic.”
	“Service with a smile,” she replied and then flagged down a cab and disappeared into the glow of the New York night.
	Both Norah and Ben quickly decided to go their own way and silence the views of others.
 	“People see that I’m single and they know someone else that’s single, so that automatically makes us a match!” Norah explained while talking to daughter Heidi as they ate dinner at their apartment.
	“I know,” Heidi replied. “That’s why I don’t indulge social dalliances,” trying to give the continuous appearance of not being interested. “But I did hear about this new app called Shalom.”
	“Shalom is such a versatile word,” Norah countered.
	“Yeah, it can be used as a greeting for hello and goodbye.”
	“And it also means peace,” Norah stated. “It’s good to see those years I sent you to Sunday school really paid off.”
	“Sorry to burst your bubble, but I didn’t learn that there,” the younger Weisman said. “I did learn that babies squirt out of your vagina and I better learn to quick and clean, or no man would find me desirable.”
	Mom laughed and shot her daughter a look that suggested she had mastered neither skill, and thus she lived a spinster.  They both laughed.
	“Maybe one day I’ll get around to cleaning my room while learning how to make a souffle.”
	 It was the weekend and David’s laundry was piling up, so he took a drive to Long Island to hand with his best friend, his dad. 
	“Hey, how did that date go this week? Did you bang her?”
	Ben laughed, “Nah, but I could have,” he replied, as the two broached the unchartered territory of the dating world. 
	“What was her story?” David asked as he enjoyed the byplay.
	Ben replied, “About 50, never been married.”
	“What? She never got married. What did she look like?” inferring that the woman must have been two clicks short of attractive.
	“She was hot,” dad replied. “At least she appeared hot in the limited light of the restaurant and then around the corner against a dimly lit building.”
	David laughed.
	“She was a CFO of a financial technology startup. I believe you would describe her in a constant start-up mode. She seemed to like the lure of the first date excitement.”
	“Are you going to see her again?”
	“No, we decided to go our separate ways,” Ben explained.
	“Her loss,” David said.
	Dad was now moving deeper into the dating world.
	“Have you heard anything about this new dating app Shalom?”
	“I love that word!” David exclaimed.
	“I know!” Ben agreed. “It’s so versatile.”
	“Yeah, I hear good things,” David said, although his father knew that David’s experiences since college were always grounded fact, no fiction. It was a vast departure from David’s teenage years when he would come to the table and voice an opinion based on blatant heresy.
	“Don’t come in here with that weak shit!” Ben would say to 14-year-old David as Sophie giggled.
	“If you’re going to sit at this table and voice your opinion it better be grounded in fact. You better know what you’re talking about or your gonna’ get your ass mentally handed to you.”
	David would always look at his mom for a lifeline, but she would say, “This is New York, David. The concrete jungle. Either bring your ‘A’ game or sit at the end of the bench. You put up weak shit and it’s always going to blocked into the stands.”
	David had been perusing the Shalom app to see if any sisters sparked his interest.  Matches were confirmed by potato latkes, as he explained to his father.
	“You score people based on a scale of one to four latkes.”
	“Because who could eat just one latke?” Ben interjected.
	“Exactly!” David agreed. “Only four potato latkes triggers a match and a date. Three or less and the person is obscured from your profile for 60 days.”
 	“That’s a lot of detail from a guy with only second-hand knowledge,” Ben stated.
	“If I’m gonna’ comment, it’s gonna’ be my best power move so you don’t smack that shit into the bleachers.”
	They bumped fists, “That’s my boy,” Ben proudly replied.
Sherbet, Shalom
	The Shalom experiment took flight in earnest as dating shifted to the next phase.  While Norah and Ben were familiar with apps, they were perhaps less familiar with how dating apps worked. 
	“You rate people from one to four pancakes and they only match you with people you rate with four pancakes and who rate you the same,” Norah’s slutty friend Karen explained. “Although, truth be told, I have slept with some guys with lower ratings.”
	“How did you do that?” Norah asked. “And what do you mean by pancake? What does that have to do with being Jewish?”
	“Sorry, potato latkes,” Karen clarified and Norah nodded in understanding. “And there are ways to gain access to men without seeing a lifelong connection, but that’s for me to know and you not to find out.”
	Norah spent most of her free time on the app, searching for that elusive match that she had yearned for her whole life.  The site was different than most in that once you set your parameter for age, you were sent a set of potentials every day.  The company’s algorithm tracked people’s behavior while on the phone, so the list had been culled from thousands of potentials.
	The way the app was structured, it could take weeks to generate a match, since two people had to view each other’s extensive profile and deliver the optimal rating.
	As fate would have it, Norah and Ben received matches on the same day and dined at the identical restaurant at 6:00 p.m.
	Ben walked in first at 5:50 p.m. since he was feeling slightly off.  Although he was informed that Diane Schuler was his match, he didn’t feel a latke buzz after talking to her on the phone.  The 54-year-old appeared obsessed with death after burying her husband and mother in the same year… 20 years ago!
	While ben still felt the loss of Sophie he didn’t tend to dwell on the dark side of life.  She had lived, love and then lost the battle.  It was part of the full circle of life and he wasn’t going to stop moving forward until he took his last breath.  In contrast, Ms. Schuler was all too happy to bathe in the darkness.
	 Norah had a similar experience even though she had her hopes up after finally meeting her match.  Yes, she was a literal person.  If someone told her that she was perfectly matched with another person, she believed it.  Of course, the outlet that imparted that wisdom had to be a programmed machine, not a warm-blooded human being.
	She arrived at the Brooklyn Grill at 6:08 p.m., which went against everything she believed about timeliness.  She was never late, but when you change your outfit a dozen times and then break a nail, it becomes increasingly to be punctual.
	She and Ben were sitting at adjacent tables, his date showing up at 6:00 p.m., so they were already more than five into conversation when Norah sauntered in.  Diane was pretty far into a never-ending story about her three cats, which seemed to captivate the guy at the next table.  Ben was trying to hang in but he didn’t like cats, preferring dogs.  Ben never forgave the family cat for constantly pulverizing his Weimaraner when he was a tween.  His current Weimaraner, Seaver, would also not want to be exposed to felines.  He had enough trouble encountering the occasional mouse in the city, and he did enjoy chasing squirrels and splashing in the bay on Long Island.  The eight-month-old was a recent addition to the family after the family’s Golden Retriever had passed away at the ripe old age of 18.
	Ben looked around the crowded restaurant and spotted a rather tall knockout walking from the front of the restaurant toward him.
	“Had someone made a mistake at Shalom and his real date was ready to replace the cat lady of death?” he thought.
	The restaurant turned dim and quiet and all he could see was the energetic glow around this goddess.  She stopped at the next table and her face was no longer visible, given the angle of her seat and table.
	“Fuck,” he muttered as his date asked, “What did you say?”
	He quickly thought that she must have been yammering on about felines, so he replied, “Luck. It was lucky you were able to rescue such great friends.”
	Her whole face lit up, “Right! That’s exactly what I was thinking!”
	Ben looked at his watch as they ordered drinks and appetizers, and then she went back to her story about how she adopted each cat.
	“I have two cats,” Fred Heller said to Norah no more than 90 seconds into their initial greeting after she noticed cat hair on his person. 
	Diane was in mid-sentence about a scratching post or some other bullshit when she used her nimble cat hearing to listen to Fred.  Her neck nearly broke when she turned to her left and smiled at Fred and their eyes locked.  Cat people must have a sixth sense, or nine lives, when it comes to identifying each other.  It was as if the woman from the smitten mitten of Michigan had witnessed a pair of smitten kittens.
	Later in the meal that never seemed to end, Norah and Fred somehow had caught up to Ben and Diane and their dessert orders were about to be taken.  It was probably because Fred was cheap and skipped the drink/appetizer course in favor of catnip for his two girls.
	It just so happened that the two tables were separated into serving zones two and three, which meant that different waiters would be serving the tables.  Apparently, both Fred and Diane were so excited to give their orders after seeing their personal favorite on the menu.
	“I’ll have the rainbow sherbet!” they both exclaimed simultaneously.
	And Norah thought, “That guy can shove the sherbet up his cats ass while the other cat rips the fuck out of the couch!”
	Ben was so distracted by his date and the fact that he was set up with her in the first place.  They said good night after dessert and he never looked back.
	Fred was less cordial.
	“I’m going to leave now,” he said after looking at the $100 check and plunking $30 down.
	She looked at him and didn’t say a word as he left the restaurant and was greeted by a familiar face once on Broadway.
	“Your scratching post or mine?” she purred.
	Fred was suddenly in a frisky mood.
	“Why don’t we stop at my place and pick up the girls and then bring them over for a play date!”
	She beamed and whistled for a taxi, which promptly came and whisked them of for a dream date they were intended to have.  The algorithm was off by one rotation, but the site nonetheless posted pictures of the couple on their honeymoon with the caption as they ate their favorite dessert, “Sherbet, Shalom!”
If at First…
	“That didn’t go very well,” Norah said to Heidi after she arrived home after the date.
	“Why doesn’t Shalom have a box on the form for pet preference?” Ben asked David as he texted his son after returning to the safe confines of his apartment after being greeted by an enthusiastic Seaver.  
	Ben patted his dog’s head and wondered what life would be like with all of those cats.
	“How many cats did he have?” Heidi asked Norah.
	“I think he had two,” Norah replied. “And there are so many great and iconic desserts on the Brooklyn Grill menu and he picks sherbet!”
	“What?!” Heidi exclaimed.
	“And not only sherbet, but rainbow sherbet!” Norah yelled in a rare, elevated tone.
	“What did you have?” Heidi and David asked.
	“Do you have to ask?’ Ben replied.
	Norah and David both said, “Junior’s Cheesecake.”
	Things on Shalom had slowed to a crawl and there wasn’t a latke rating in sight. It got so dry that thoughts of elevating two- and three-latke ratings to the ultimate level were entertained but not acted on.
	Ben thought back to his days as an athlete and how his best experiences were the result of patience.
	“Let the game come to you,” his late father would say to him when he started pressing and forcing the action.
	The game was quite different this time around, but his intent was to remain focused and be passionate about achieving his desired result.  Ben remembered the days leading up to his first date with Sophie.  That date, back in the stone age, was procured from a dating newsletter in the days before you could click a button and arrange a meeting.  He had to send a letter in response to her ad and then wait for her to react as well.  
	He met her without knowing what she looked like – a truly blind date in the truest sense of the term – although Ben sent a picture with his response and knew got the calming sensation that everything was going to be all right.  Sophie was more of a ‘wait and see’ type of person and assumed the worst after several disappointing dates.
	Sophie was doing some shopping at Macy’s on 34th Street and he was waiting outside one of the doors for her arrival.  He figured that if she didn’t show up for some reason, there was a bar across the street where he could drink a few beers and some food before boarding a train to Long Island at Penn Station.
	But she did show.  After buying a blouse for work for work and then meandering around the cavernous store for a bit, she walked outside from another exit some 20 yards from where Ben was standing.  It was mid-spring, so the sun was still an hour-or-so from setting.  He had seen many women exiting the building, and a few had even walked toward him and smiled.  But, when Sophie emerged, the descending sun behind her illuminated her presence and left no doubt his future wife was now in the house.
	Sophie’s eyesight wasn’t great and she usually wore glasses in the days before she got laser surgery.  On this day, she was wearing her contact lenses, which gave Ben a full view of her captivating blue-green eyes.
	She saw him – how could she miss him – and thought, “That man looks good in a suit.” Sophie smiled and Ben returned the gesture as the distance between them evaporated.
	“Hi, I’m Ben,” he said as they hugged.
	She replied only as Sophie could, “Yeah, I know.” 
They broke the hug and she simply said, “Sophie.”
It was the best she could do while floating on a cloud.
“Yeah, lucky me,” he replied and then took her left hand in his right hand and they started walking without a specific destination.  And they were never apart again until her body left the world.
It was three weeks between matches, but it felt like three months for Ben and three years for Norah.
She was elated to see the subject line in her email, “You have a match!”
Since Norah was still at the office preparing for the next day’s show, she hung up the landline office phone and focused her attention on the cell phone in her hand.  She clicked on the link and saw the name ‘Ben’ and his picture, which had recently changed from a photo that David had taken with the bay behind him to his work mug shot.  He harkened back to something that Sophie said on their first date about how good he looked in his suit – she told him later in the night – so he was trying to be more respectful and less casual about a lifelong commitment.
Norah clicked on the picture, which showed Ben from the neck up, and muttered, “You look good in that suit, Ben.”  But the surge of energy was short lived for a woman who had experienced more heartbreak and disappointment than elation in her social life.
	She thought about how most Jewish men were her height or shorter and how that was always awkward.  At 5’9” unofficially, actually closer to 5’10”, she often felt restricted in her choice of shoes because men and even women often felt intimidated.  The cat thing recurring also worried her, as her lack of dating experience made her feel unsteady.
	Ben was taking a walk at lunchtime, trying to absorb the positive rays of the late-spring weather, and then he nestled into his favorite park bench under a shady tree.  He pulled his phone from his pocket and casually checked his email, the ease of his mannerisms slowing his heart rate to an optimal rate. 
	He then saw an email that read, “You have a match!”
	Ben was thrilled and a feeling of complete calm came over him like an ocean breeze.  He clicked on the link and saw the name ‘Norah’ and the face of an angel.
	He looked up to the sky, smiled and said, “Thanks,” knowing that Sophie had sent him an angel to share his life.
	It goes without saying that he didn’t get the same feeling of surety before meeting the cat lady.
	Ben didn’t hesitate to click the button that said, ‘CONTACT NORAH’.
	It was Thursday and Ben was going to finish work on Friday, pick up Seaver and then head out to his slice of heaven on Long Island.  But something guided him to make an addendum to the plan.  Her face seemed so familiar.
	“Hello, Norah! Would you like to meet tomorrow night after work? My company has flexible hours after Memorial Day, so I am open to time and place. But Central Park is beautiful this time of year. Sincerely yours, Ben.”
	Norah was still trying to absorb the shock of seeing Ben as her match, so she left the building to get some air.  She also found her favorite bench and then removed her phone from her purse.
	“Email from Ben,” she saw and then opened it up as her stomach started to fill up with butterflies.  She read the note and then did something she normally wouldn’t do. Norah wrote back, “Call me,” and then typed her number before sending it.
	Ben felt his phone vibrate and smiled from her spontaneity.  He dialed the number.
	She answered, “You don’t waste any time.”
	He replied, “I’ve wasted enough time.”
	She needed to know, “Do you have any cats?”
	Ben laughed, “I’d rather get a colonoscopy.”
	She laughed, “Me, too.”
	“I have a dog, though,” he said.
	“I like dogs!” she beamed.
	“His name is Seaver.”
	“Like Tom Seaver, the Mets pitcher?” she asked.
	“Yes! He’s a Weimaraner,” Ben countered and then got a strange vibe, “Where are you now?”
	Norah smiled, “Sitting in a park on a bench.”
	Ben instinctively stood up and looked around the park he was sitting in.  New York City had made a concerted effort to create more green space amid such urban sprawl.  The removal of commercial space in favor of open green space was a welcomed sight on the Upper Westside.
	“I am in a park as well,” Ben said and then started walking toward a woman in an attractive floral skirt who was sitting on a bench with her long legs crossed. All of the heat in the world was moving him in her direction.
	“Maybe we don’t have to wait until tomorrow,” he said as she focused on him talking on the phone and the sound of his voice moving closer. She instinctively stood up.
	“Well, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes,” she beamed as they naturally kissed on the cheek and hugged. “You are the tallest Jewish guy I’ve ever met.”
	He smiled, “Now, I’ve lived in New York my whole life, and they don’t make Jewish girls as blonde and as beautiful as you.”
	“Michigan,” she admitted as she raised her hand.
	Ben smiled, “Go blue.”
	Norah smiled and nodded, “Go blue,” as they sat next to each other on her bench and continued to talk like they’d known each other forever.
	In that moment, Norah realized what she had always been missing and Ben felt like he was home again after a decade away.
Seamless
	They talked for an hour until Norah got a few work emails that signified it was time to finish her workday.  Almost at the same time, Ben had a few legal questions he had to answer.
	“Looks like duty calls,” Ben said.
	“Yeah, everyone needs the boss at some point,” she replied as they both stood up.
	“I’ll pick you up later,” he confidently stated and then reached into his wallet and handed her his card. “I case you need some organic berries with whipped cream.”
	She looked at the card, smiled and then reached into her purse for her card.
	“Wow! That’s a fast-paced job!” Ben marveled. “I can make a reservation if you want to go out to eat.”
	“I eat out all the time. Can I make you a meal?” she asked.
	“I thought you’d never ask. We’ll go to Whole Foods down the block.” He then joked, “They know me there. I get a decent discount.”
	“That’s exciting! she exclaimed. “I mean, the discount.”
	“I know! And my apartment is just down the block.”
	“Perfect!” she beamed. “Is five too early?”
	“No, that will work!” he replied, as they naturally came together and kissed on the lips like and old, married couple. They hugged and then walked in opposite directions, looking back, and waving with permanent smiles on their faces.
	Norah returned to ABC Studios headquarters, walking into the bathroom before going back to her office. She looked in the mirror and splashed cold water on her face.  She smiled and then dried her face gently with a paper towel.  Norah then took her phone out of her purse and snapped a selfie of her glowing face and sent it to Ben with the caption, “Shalom!”
	He received the text, smiled, snapped his own selfie and replied, “Shalom!”
	Work went by very quickly that afternoon.  Norah and Ben were in such a good collective frame of mind that it was surprising that they didn’t contact their kids with the good news.  Norah and Ben were such supportive and upbeat people that their co-workers barely noticed a difference.  Barely…
	“You look different,” Morgan Waller said to Norah as they put the finishing touches on the following day’s program.
	Waller, the show’s Associate Producer, had worked with Norah for five years and looked up to Norah as her mentor.
	“Good different,” Morgan added.
	Norah beamed, “Yeah, it’s a good difference. I’ll fill you in next week,” trying to keep some space between her personal and professional lives.
	Ben was always calm at work, whether the company was being sued or he was reviewing executive statements or earnings reports for legal ramifications.  He left his office a few minutes before five and told his assistant, “Only in case of emergency tonight,” with a smile on his face.
	She replied, “Okay, Mr. Klein. I hope you have a good night.”
	“You as well. Why don’t you take the day off tomorrow, Brenda. I hear it’s gonna’ be a beautiful day.”
	HE walked a few blocks and arrived just as Norah exited the building.  The ease of their interaction belied the relative infancy of their relationship.  The world outside of them ceased to exist, although the bustling world of Manhattan was a stark contrast that was hard to ignore.
	They fit together like hand and glove.  She nuzzled close to him as they kissed.
	“It’s good to see you again,” he said.
	“It’s good to be seen,” she replied, hugging him tight.
	They went to Whole Foods and she said, “What are you in the mood for?”
	He smiled and blushed a bit for the first time in decades.
	She giggled, “Yeah, besides that.”
	All Ben would think about was kissing her and kissing her and kisser her some more.
	“Salmon?” he came up with and she liked the suggestion.
	“I can work with that.”
	“Wild caught,” he added.
	“Does it look like this body was built on farm raised?” she countered.
	He looked her over and replied, “No, that looks wild to me.”
	She smiled back, “Wild it is.”
	They bought vegetables, which Ben generally didn’t eat, small potatoes and a few breakfast items.  Then they were perusing the dessert area and Ben asked, “Junior’s?”
	“Okay,” she replied. “Cheesecake and a brownie,” not letting an opportunity pass to feed her chocolate sweet tooth.
	They brought their purchases up to the front and were second in line at a register.  The person in front of them only had a few items, and they started putting their groceries on the checkout belt.
	“Hello, Hallie!” Ben said as he scanned his employee card.
	“Mr. Klein! How’s it going? And hello to your pretty lady!’ she said to Norah.”
	“Norah, and I love your earrings, Hallie!”
	Hallie’s face lit up as she continued to scan the items through.
	“I got them at the flea market down the block. Seven bucks! Can you believe it?”
	Norah moved closer to Hallie and inspected the earrings.
	“Are those amethyst?” she asked. “How do you get amethyst earrings for seven bucks?”
	“Right!” Hallie exclaimed.
	“I’ll have to check it out,” Norah said.
	Ben scanned his credit card and Hallie asked him if he wanted a receipt, but he told her to save the paper.  She could see the connection between Ben and Norah.
	“You two have a great night!”
	“Thanks!” Norah said as Ben smiled at Hallie and said, “See you soon.”
	They walked a few blocks and were soon at Ben’s apartment at 70th Street and Columbus Avenue.  Ben was holding the dinner and dessert in a recyclable bag in one hand and Norah’s hand in the other.  The doorman came and opened the front door and said, “Mademoiselle,” as he smiled and nodded at Norah.
	“Hello,” Norah said, “and thank you.”
	“You’re quite welcome. Good evening, Mr. Klein.”
	“Hey, Arturo! How’s it going?” Ben said in his best New York response.
	“I have a package for you,” Arturo said, as he was trying to conceal his joy for seeing Ben with a lady friend for the first times in 10 years. He could also see how happy they both were.
	“Amazon?” Norah asked.
	“Amazon,” Ben smiled. “How can I resist? I work for the company.”
	“And that discount,” Norah thought.
	Ben collected his package and aid, “Thanks.”
	“Have a good evening,” Arturo replied.
	“Norah,” she said to Arturo.
	“Arturo, but my friends call me Artie,” the doorman replied.
	“Good to meet you, Artie,” she replied.
	“The pleasure’s mine,” he countered as Ben and Norah walked toward the elevator.  The doors opened and they walked inside. Since Norah was first she was closer to the buttons.
	“What floor?’ she asked.
	“The top,” he replied as she extended her long, thin right arm and pressed the ‘PH’ button.
	“I don’t like to have people over me,” he explained. “Or next to me.”
	Norah eyed Ben with a look that suggested, “Where did you come from?”
	Predictably, the elevator stopped on the 14th floor of the apartment building.
	Norah stepped out of the elevator and saw a door on her in front of her, and then she looked down the floor to her left and saw another door.
	Ben followed her and said, “Let’s try this one.”
	He stepped forward and put his thumb in a new-age lock and it opened.  Norah lived in a really nice apartment with Heidi and had been in posh places with billionaires, but this was different.
	Norah immediately had questions, even though her connection with Ben was strong and unshakeable.  But, she also had some things to discuss with him as well.  They had skipped over the part where they introduced themselves and bared their souls.  That would have given them both a better perspective on who they were and where they were headed together.
The Blueprint
	“I can see that you have a bunch of questions,” Ben expressed as they put the groceries on the counter. “Why don’t I order a pizza and we can talk in the meantime.”
	“Does your place make a good square pizza?” the Midwesterner asked.
	“Sure. What do you want on it?”
	“Mushrooms, please.”
	“Okay,” Ben replied as he picked up his internal phone and called down to Arturo.
	“Hey, Artie! Can we get a Sicilian pie from Dominic’s? Half mushroom, half meatball. Thanks, brother,” Ben said as he hung up.
	“Let’s walk and talk,” Ben said in his best New York accent.
	Norah had been putting away everything in the fridge while Ben was ordering the pizza.  Ben reached his right hand out and took her left hand in his as they started walking.
	“Okay, let’s start with the apartment. I bought this apartment 10 years ago and then the apartment down the hall became available six years ago and I bought that one as well. The woman was moving to Florida she offered it to me before she put it on the market. In fact, she didn’t want to deal with realtors and having people trapse through her apartment.”
	They sat down on a couch.
	“In my former life, I worked in the district attorney’s office.”
	Norah was all about language.
	“Former life?”
	“We both had lives before me met,” Ben said. “Although, I hadn’t felt that way since I saw your picture.”
	She smiled, “I divorced my husband 10 years ago and moved with my daughter so she could attend Columbia University.”
	“Wow!” he replied. “That was incredibly brave of you!” as he clenched her hand and stroked it with his thumb.
	Ben got to it, “My first wife died of an aneurism a little over 10 years ago, a few months after we took our son to the University of Michigan. I used the insurance money and some other funds to rebuild my life. I left my job at the DA’s office and have been working at Whole Foods most of the past decade.
	He then followed up.
	“Work has been easy, but everything else has been difficult up to now. Up to a few hours ago.”
	She smiled and the buzzer rang.
	“Wow, that was quick!”
	Ben laughed, “I’m one of their better customers.”
	Arturo popped up in the elevator and handed Ben the pizza box as Ben reached into his pocket and handed him $40.
	“Thanks, boss!” Arturo said as he smiled at Norah and disappeared as Ben closed the front door. He then took out a couple of plates and asked, “Water, wine, beer?”
	“A cold beer would go great with that pizza,” as her eyes lit up upon opening the box on the counter.
	They sat on high chairs adjacent to the breakfast bar as they ate, drank and continued to talk.
	“So, why did you decide to buy the second apartment, besides wanting more privacy?”
	“I was born in Brooklyn. The first two years of my life we all lived together – my parents and grandparents. I’m close with my son and I had this grandiose notion that he and his family would live with me and my wife, if I ever got remarried, in a space where we could coexist as one cohesive, loving unit with somewhat separate spaces. You know, the best of both worlds.”
	She became teary, so he asked, “Are you okay?”
	She joked, “This pizza’s so damn good!”
	They both laughed and then hugged briefly.
	“No, I still live with my daughter, so I think what you did, what you conceived, was both progressive and beautiful.”
	“Thanks,” he replied.
	“Does your son live with you?” Norah asked.
	“No, he’s trying to assert his independence. But he always comes home on the weekend to hang with me and do his laundry.”
	“You have a washer/dryer in here?”
	“Yes, in each unit. But he’s travels to Long Island on the weekend to be with me.”
	“Long Island?” Norah asked as she kept her queries short so she could keep eating. “This pizza is great!”
	“I’m glad you like it,” Ben replied. “Although the pizza is even better on Long Island, which is where I grew up.”
	He took a large bite of his meatball slice and then continued.
	“I sold the original house. My son agreed with me that it would be productive to make a fresh start. I bought a house on the bay where I go every weekend to recharge.”
	“Like you’re going tomorrow night?” Norah asked as she began to have separation anxiety.
	“Yeah, aren’t you coming?”
	“Of course! Will your son be there?”
	“I think he’s traveling for week this weekend, so we’ll probably see him next weekend,” Ben stated, as their lives were being integrated on the fly. 
	There was a wall between the two sides of the apartment that could be retracted during the day for greater air and light flow.  Norah was happy to play with the remote control to open the apartment up.
	‘There, that’s better,” she said.
	“How many dates have you been on?” Norah asked, as the pizza portion of the evening had ended for the time being.
	“Recently, or in total?” he asked. “Well, I was on a date recently with this woman and her cats. Her cats weren’t there, but that’s all she wanted to talk about.”
	“Me, too!” Norah exclaimed. But I went out with a guy, who I think left with that woman.”
	“That was you!” Ben yelled. “I saw you walking toward the table and there was this glow around you, like you were an angel or something.”
	“Wow!” she replied. “I don’t think I’ve been talked about in that way my entire life! Keep going.”
	“And everything became clear to me in that moment,” Ben stated. “So, when I saw your picture, I was completely at ease because I thought that I already knew you.”
	She stepped closer and closer until the lips and bodies became one.
	Twenty minutes later, the fireworks show ended but the afterglow endured.
	“Usually, it takes a few times to get that right,” Norah stated.
	Ben smiled, “I don’t want to rush you, but I could ask you to marry me right now.”
	She nodded, “Is there anything else I should know?”
	“No, what you see is what you get. How about you?”
	“Nah,” she replied. “What side of the bed do you like to sleep on?”
	“The left,” he answered.
	“Good, I like the right,” Norah replied. “Do you snore?”
	“Maybe,” he said.
	She laughed, “Then I would say ‘yes’ of you asked me. It’s been that kind of life.”
	“You know it when you know it,” Ben added. “We’ve both experienced pain and now we should simply enjoy each other.”
	“I agree,” she said. “So, ask me.”
 	“What’s your middle name?” Ben asked, teasing her a little bit.
	“It’s Olivia. What’s yours?”
	“Alexander.”
	“Nice,” she commented.
	She turned to him, but they literally remained attached at the hip.
	“Norah Olivia Weisman, will you do me the honor of marrying me?”	
	“Yes. I will be honored to be your wife.”
	The passionately kissed.
	“By the power vested in me by this bedroom and the magic of that body, I pronounce us partners for life,” he stated. “Is Weisman your maiden name?”
	“No, it’s Sherman. I decided to keep my married name in order to maintain continuity for my daughter.”
	“That was smart,” Ben opined. “Our kids will be happy for us.”
	“It should be interesting since they haven’t had to share us for a decade,” she observed.
	“That’s true,” Ben agreed then shifted gears. “Well, I need to refuel before getting lost in you again.”
	“Yeah, that brownie is calling my name!” she laughed as they ate dessert and then picked up where they left off before she peacefully fell asleep on his chest.
Morning After
	Ben set his Alexa alarm for 4:00 a.m. in order to accommodate Norah’s early morning schedule. She usually arrived at the office at 5:00 a.m. for an 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. morning show.  Being that she was only a few blocks from the studio, she had a little extra time.
	“Alexa, off,” Ben said but the dulcet chime kept sounding.  
	“She was probably listening to us and is jealous,” Norah said as she kissed Ben. “Shower time.”
	She used the main bathroom and then he followed her in after using another bathroom.
	“This floor is nice and warm,” she said as she saw him walking in. Norah was still finishing up on the toilet but didn’t feel the slightest bit uncomfortable.
	“This shower has steam as well,” Ben said. “Not that we need it.” He turned the long and wide rain soaking shower on as well as the eucalyptus steam.
	“I don’t want this date to ever end,” she said just before they started kissing in the shower.
	“That’s exactly what I was thinking. Technically this is our honeymoon.”
	She smiled as the juices continued to flow.
	Norah arrived at work with her hair still partially wet.  She had a clean pair of underwear in her purse just in case, and then slipped into the office undetected where she always stored a few backup outfits just in case.  There were times when an important meeting would occur with network executives, so she always had to be dressed appropriately for the occasion.
	As an Executive Producer of a national morning show – the highest rated morning show for the past five years – she had an extensive budget, a huge office with a full bathroom, and a show that she had honed and could run with chimps as hosts.
	One of her Associate Producers knocked on the door and entered as she was blowing her flowing blonde hair dry.  She grew up a huge Olivia Newton-John fan and always tried to model her hairstyle after the music icon.
	“Good morning!” Allison Carter said in an upbeat tone, which was part of the upbeat culture she established.
	It was not the norm that Norah would be in the office and still finalizing her look.
	“Late night or workout?’ Alli asked, thinking that either scenario was unlikely.
	Norah smiled and thought of various parts of her night and morning with her new husband.
	“A little of both,” she replied in a joking manner, which made Allison giggle. Although, she thought, if you counted shower sex as a workout…”
	“Quiet morning?” Norah asked.
	“Yes, everything is going to plan, but we might need to have the chef make more pancakes with Alex instead of eggs.”
	While these details had become Norah’s life over the past 10 years, she had the thought, “Who really gives a shit?”
	She wanted to be derogatory but decided to continue to take the high road.
	“Alex likes pancakes better anyway. Just make sure there are blueberries and a few chocolate chips to put in the mix.”
	“Will do,” Alli replied and smiled.
	“Special plans this weekend?” Norah asked, which was something she usually didn’t discuss until the show ended on Fridays.
	“My girlfriend is coming in from Minnesota. She finally has a break from law school.
	“Good for you!” Norah beamed. “When does she arrive?”
	“One o’clock,” Alli replied, knowing that she probably wouldn’t be able to meet her at LaGuardia Airport at that time.
	“Why don’t you take off when the show raps,” Norah stated. “Also, take my car service. I won’t be needing it today.”
	Alli smiled. While she had always felt supported my Norah, this went above and beyond, so she stepped forward and hugged her.
	“Thanks,” she simply said.
	“It’s my pleasure,” Norah replied as Alli left the room and Norah finished drying her hair.
	Norah had worked so hard over the past decade to assert her financial and social independence that nothing else seemed to matter.  But, in the course of the last day, everything had changed.  Changed for the better.
	Ben normally slept until 5:30 a.m. or so, worked out, showered, ate breakfast and would arrive at the office by 7:15 a.m.  He liked to get an early start when the office was quiet and he could fully prepare for the coming day.  Since Ben had showered and worked out basically at the same time, he decided to make a berry smoothie and then meditate before getting dressed.
	It usually took Ben a few moments to process a few pressing thoughts before he could clear his head.
	“Alexa, play ocean waves.”
	Alexa was up to the task and played the requested Atlantic Ocean waves, which helped him ease into mental tranquility.  Visons of his new (unofficial) wife flashing through his thoughts.  Her beautiful face and sparkling eyes bringing joy to his world.
New World
	It been a week since Ben first brought Norah into his weekend world.  She didn’t know what to expect when they drove from the city to Long Island in his Ford Mustang Mach-e.  He had passed on getting a Tesla in favor of adding to his Mustang stable.  His 1964 ½ convertible resided in the warmth of his Eaton’s Neck garage for use on weekends.  The Wimbledon white exterior paired well with its maroon interior, which had been his favorite since he was a child.  The car’s clean lines and simple, but hopeful, design made him a fan for life.
	When they first pulled up to the house, Norah didn’t think much of the property.  It was 6:45 p.m. and the sun was starting to set as he rolled into the garage next to the OG Mustang. 
	“Nothing like Detroit muscle,” Norah said. “Even if this one doesn’t make any noise,” referring to the new-age electric car they were in.
	Ben had a similar reaction to the house when he first saw it, so she could sense what his partner was feeling.
	He grabbed their bags after plugging the charger into the car and led her into the house.  Norah decided to be polite about whatever she saw next.
	Ben smirked as he entered the main room with high ceilings, skylights, solar panels and wall-to-ceiling windows that provided an unobstructed view of the sun-drenched bay.
	“Holy shit!” Norah exclaimed as she instinctively kept walking toward the back door, much the same way he had lost his shit the first time he was in the home.      
	Ben put the bags down and followed her to the deck, stopping only to get a couple of beers from the fridge and a few snacks.  She immediately sat down in a chair and he sat next to her as they got lost on the visage of the setting sun from the deck’s Western exposure.  He handed her an open beer and they clanked glasses as he said, “L’chaim.”
	Norah looked at ben with loving eyes and realized for the first time in years that she was home.
	“L’chaim,” she replied as her life continued to shift under her feet as she surfed with ease and joy.
	By the end of that initial weekend, Norah said as she hugged Ben on the deck, “It’s like you don’t want to leave.”
“I know!” Ben replied, “but it makes it even more sweet to come back each weekend.”
Norah was already thinking, “The grind is starting to mean less and less to me now that I jumped to the other side,” as Seaver sat on her lap the whole way back to the city.  He, too, would vote for Long Island full time over the noise and daily isolation of the city while Ben worked.
“How would you feel about adding a female to our family?” Norah asked as Ben thought about it and Seaver picked up his head in excitement.
“What would you call her?’ Ben asked.
“Diana,” Norah replied without hesitation.
Ben’s scanned his mental encyclopedia of useless facts and got a hit off his superhero wife.
“Wonder Woman!” he exclaimed.
“Yes!” Norah replied. “I always wanted to be Linda Carter playing Diana Price/Wonder Woman.”
Ben smiled, “You are Wonder Woman!”
She laughed, “I know I am, Clark Kent.”
They had more discussions during the week over breakfast, lunch and dinners, as they spent most of their free time together.  Heidi had been so busy trying to get her funding for her new project that she barely noticed her mom’s absence.
“I met someone,” Norah said delicately but straightforwardly, but her daughter was working her phone and didn’t react at first.
“Heidi, did you hear me?” Norah followed up.
“Oh, did you just say that you met someone?” Heidi asked.
“Yes, through Shalom,” Norah countered.
It had been over a decade since Heidi saw her mother with another person, and that was her loser of a dad.   So, she didn’t have much experience seeing or thinking of her mother in that capacity.  Most of Norah’s attention had been on work and her daughter’s life.
Heidi put down her phone and looked at her mom – really looked at her mom – and noticed a glow that she had never seen before.
“Oh wow, it’s the real thing, isn’t it?” she stated.
Norah smiled and replied, “Yes,” as they hugged and Norah shed some tears of joy and relief.
After a few minutes of listening to her mom explain what had happened, Heidi said, “I’ve been matched with one person on Shalom, but we haven’t been able to connect yet. Our schedules haven’t lined up.”
What Norah heard was a tale of two people who were afraid to meet because they had lived lives as independent contractors for so long.  She had a lot of those same feelings before meeting Ben.
“You never know until you try,” Norah stated. “But then, you know when you know. Just like the day we drove to New York and stopped at Columbia.”
Heidi nodded in affirmation as she and her mother hugged again.  The grind she had loved and continuously experienced had shifted and now she felt that things were changing and she was powerless to dictate the pace.  Heidi now had to depend on the intention of others in both her personal and professional lives.  The lack of control was at the very least unsettling to her.
“You should come out to the house on Long Island this weekend,” Norah stated.
At 27 years old, Heidi should have been past the phase where she primarily needed her mother’s attention and she was, or so she thought.
“Don’t you have to ask him first?” Heidi asked, inferring that all decisions had to run through daddy.
Norah had been through too much in her life to play games with anyone, let alone her daughter.  She thought it was time for her daughter to put her big girl pants on and take the next step in her life.
“What’s his is mine and what’s mine is his,” she simply stated.
“Are you gonna’ marry this guy?” naïve Heidi asked, suggesting that somehow there was something wrong with that.
Norah smirked, “I already did.”
“What? What do you mean?” a confused Heidi asked.
“He asked me the first night and I said yes,” Norah replied. “I said ‘yes’ a thousand times. A ceremony will just be a legal formality. We are married in the eyes of the sun, the moon and the stars.”
Heidi stopped internally whining for a moment and figured that she had to check out all of this nonsense before her mother made another matrimonial mistake.  She was hoping to go on a date with her Shalom match the coming weekend, so she said, “I’ll go to Long Island next weekend.”
Norah was pleased, but Heidi put it aside so she could focus on her immediate future.
The following weekend, Norah and Ben left the city, much as they had done the previous weekend, as a spiritually married couple.  They had talked during the week about their kids and seemed to be more concerned with their futures than their own, which was now settled.
“Do you think your son will come by this weekend?” Norah asked as they ate dinner together on Thursday night.
She had been spending most of her time with Ben at his place.
“It’s hard to read him sometimes,” Ben replied as he relayed much of the conversation he had with David.
“Are you coming out this weekend?” Ben asked as he called his son one afternoon while sitting in his office. He put David on speakerphone.
“I don’t know. I’m trying to schedule a date with someone I was matched with.” And then he switched gears, “Weren’t you matched with someone recently?”
Ben was the consummate professional, so he picked up the receiver, which stopped the more public flow of information.
“Yes, that’s the reason I’m asking.”
David tried to process the words – words of positivity and the thought of another woman besides his mother in his father’s life.
“I’ll probably be out,” David replied in an effort to see what was going on at the Long Island house with the new woman.
On the drive to Long Island that Friday late afternoon, Ben was playing satellite radio and testing his music compatibility by playing Studio 54 Radio on SiriusXM.  One song was ending and another was just starting as they approached a light and came to a full stop.
“Close your eyes and tell me the name of the song,” Ben said as Norah closed her eyes and said, “You’re on!”
The song started playing and she smiled, “Love Thing by The Whispers!” she exclaimed after only a few notes.
Ben’s eyes widened as he knew the song as well.
“How did you know?” he asked.
“I’m from Detroit, bitch!” she said in a tough, but jovial tone. “Well, not really Detroit, but a much less threatening part of Michigan. The Whispers are Motown royalty.”
The light was about to change but they kissed and then sang along with the familiar groove.
“The look in your eyes is more than enough to make my poor burst into flames. I knew from the moment we met that there was no doubt that my life would never be the same. I could never hide the feelings that come over me, when you’re near me I know that’s how it’s supposed to be, my heart is telling me. It’s a love thing! Got me talking in my sleep about the love we made. It’s a love thing! Love thing, yeah!”
They happily drove out of the city holding hands and singing familiar tunes from their past on Studio54 and First Wave Radio.
Alignment
	Friday night came and went with two bodies resuming their life as one.  It seemed to the two of them that life never existed with them being apart.  That life started the moment he saw her walking toward the feline section of the restaurant, and then continued when they met in an impromptu fashion at the park during a lunch break.
	Since David was neither a Tesla or a Ford fan, he opted for a Damus, a company that he invested in that made solar cars that naturally regenerated from sun and other forms of light.  The company claimed it could see the future of transportation by naming itself after the prophet Nostradamus and then shortening the name for the cool factor.  The company had been wildly successful in its Wall Street Initial Public Offering, and the NASDAQ stock had almost tripled in its first six months of trading, which made David and his company billions.
	David drove up to the property where he had spent many weekends over the past decade.  He always had access to the third garage spot, so he opened the door and quietly rolled in.  While David knew he could be meeting his dad’s new girlfriend, he didn’t realize the extent to which they were connected.
	He usually walked directly through the house to drop his bags off before grabbing some food, a beer and then vegging on the deck.  But, on this day, he chose the path of least resistance.  He walked out of the garage, punching a numerical code in the keypad to close the door, while carrying his stuff around the property to the back deck.
	There was a set of stairs on the left side of the deck that provided access from outside of the house, and David walked up the five stairs to his weekend nirvana.  There he was greeted by a person who wasn’t his father.
	He thought, “She’s sitting in my chair!” but instead, he simply said, “Hello!”
	Both David and Norah had spent many years in a variety of business situations and they were usually quite comfortable in most personal dealings.
	Norah heard David coming up the stairs and knew it was him, since Ben was in the shower.  She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, unsure of what she was about to confront.
	Norah smiled and removed her sunglasses.
	“Hello, David. I’m Norah Weisman.”	
	They shook hands, although the thought of hugging him had crossed her mind but she figured there would be plenty of time for that.
	David looked at Norah, heard her voice and then had the familiar sensation that he had seen her before.  Many people had a similar response when meeting her for the first time, with the exception of Ben who did not watch morning television.  He simply fell in love with her at first sight.
	“Wait,” David said, “you’re the Executive Producer of The Morning Show. It’s strange, but I always thought you’d be a great match for my dad.”
	The hosts of The Morning Show often cut away to Norah off camera to get her opinion on things.  It was the only unscripted part of the show and she was always happy to play along.  Norah felt it made the hosts look a little more human and ordinary, although they were actually self-centered assholes who constantly had to be reassured and pampered.  The off-camera dialogue happened when she told the nervous male host that if he ever needed her, she was right in front of him on the other side of the camera.  What she meant was that she could talk to him in his earpiece, but he took it literally. 
  “I’m glad to hear it!” she replied and then he did something completely out of character.
“Okay, bring it in here!” he exclaimed as he dropped his bags on the deck and opened his long arms wide, as they hugged while a joyous Ben opened the sliding doors to the deck.
“Well, that went a lot better than I had visualized,” he said as he joined the hugfest.
“Remember when I told you about that woman on TV who I thought you should date?” David asked his dad once they stopped hugging.
“Vaguely,” ben teased. “Yes,” he said.
“Norah!” David stated. She was the person I was talking about!”
“When did you have that conversation?” Norah inquired.
“It was a few months ago,” Ben replied. “He never tries to set me up.”
“Looks like you got there anyway,” David said as he looked to his right to Norah.
“Yes, we did,” Norah added as she looked at David and other pieces of her life started coming together. But she would wait until later in the day to broach that subject.
What are the odds?
	“So, you two are married?” David and Norah looked at each other and they both said, “Yeah,” in a matter-of-fact way.
	David shook his head in disbelief, “It’s amazing! You were born in Brooklyn,” he looked at his dad, “and you were born in Detroit,” he looked at Norah and she nodded, “yet it appears that you two were made for each other.”
	That was an incredible concession from a son who had only known his father to be with his mother.
	“Of course, we’ll have to go to city hall at some point and make it official,” Norah stated.
	“Yes, official,” Ben smirked.
	“Will you change your last name?” David asked. 
And just as Ben was going to interject, Norah emphatically responded, “Definitely!” which caused both men to turn quickly toward her.
“The last name I’ve been using is my ex-husband’s last name hat I kept for continuity,” and then she anticipated the next question, “My maiden name us Aaron.”
She then thought, as she looked at David, that her daughter would also welcome a last name adjustment. Norah then played a hunch.
“Did you have any plans this weekend?”
David laughed, “It’s funny that you ask. I was supposed to go on a date, but she cancelled last minute. Something about an emergency at work.”
“Is that the woman who you matched with on Shalom?” Ben asked, trying to fill in the blanks for Norah.
“No fuckin’ way!” Norah thought and then she asked in perfect Midwest fashion, “I know this is an odd request, being that you just met me and all, but would you mind if I took a look at the picture of the mystery girl and her profile? Maybe I can lend some insight.”
David felt comfortable with Norah and replied, “Sure thing,” as he reached for his phone, clicked on the Shalom app, which was a peace sign and a dove within a Jewish star, and then hit the tab for his matches.  He handed Norah the phone and she tried to contain her emotions.
“I have to go to the bathroom,” David said and he left the room, which enabled Norah to let all of the helium out of her balloon.
She turned the phone toward Ben and he brought the picture closer to him.
“Pretty girl,” he stated.
Norah stood up and appeared near combustion.
“Pretty girl?” in an animated but somewhat restrained tone.
“That’s my daughter!” she exclaimed but wasn’t heard in the next room.
“Holy shit!” Ben said. “What are the odds of that? What do we do?”
She tried to access whatever brain cells she had left.
“We can’t tell either one of them, because if we do, they’ll get cold feet.”
Ben nodded, “Agreed. This is crazy.”
“But fun,” Norah added as they kissed.
They concocted a story, which was going to be true, that they were going to the Justice of the Peace in Huntington the following Friday afternoon to get officially married.
“Of course, we need you to be a witness,” they both said to their kids. David was immediately on board, while Heidi needed some convincing since her social life had been stuck in neutral. Her professional life had also suffered a recent setback, as her project failed to illicit the necessary funding to move forward. So, for the first time in years, she was merely sitting around the house waiting to inspire her.
“I don’t know,” Heidi replied when asked.
“They have this place in town that makes the best brownie cheesecake,” Norah said trying to use food cues to lure her slumbering cub from her den.
Heidi looked over at her dwindling brownie stockpile and said, “Okay, unless that date I’ve been trying to schedule happens.”
Norah smiled because she knew that would not be an obstacle she couldn’t overcome.
It was Friday at noon and Norah was making a run for it after wrapping up a few last-minute details for the following Monday’s show.  She was so excited that she could barely contain herself. 
Heidi wasn’t in the mood to come inside the studio after taking a cab uptown.
“I’m outside,” she texted to Norah.
Normally, Norah would make her come inside to show her off, but she quickly realized that wasn’t what this day was all about. She hoped… Norah knew this was a day she had dreamt about her whole life, but as each year passed she wasn’t sure it would happen.
Norah picked up her weekend bag and said goodbye to her coworkers.  When she returned to work on Monday, she would officially be a married woman with a new last name.
“Norah Klein,” she muttered and then smiled as she passed the security area and walked outside.
Heidi had a “you’re crazy” look on her face, but Norah was having none of that bratty bullshit.
“You look beautiful,” Norah said, which took some of Heidi’s edge off.
Ben pulled up in his Mach-e almost on queue.  He parked the car and then emerged from it like a prince jumping off his white horse.
He smiled, “You must be Heidi.”
They shook hands because Ben had been tipped off to take it slow, as she was a hugger but Heidi was less outwardly affectionate.
“If you don’t mind, I have to do one thing before we go,” he said as he opened the trunk and then put their bags in.
“I realized that I would be remiss if I didn’t make this a little more official,” he said to Norah. Ben reached into his right front pocket and pulled out a black leather box. He then got down on his right knee, opened the box and said, “I loved you even before I met you. Norah, would you do me the honor of becoming my life, my partner, my life?”
Norah couldn’t take her eyes off the multi-karat ring and kind of froze in time. Heidi started giggling and nudged her mother, “Mom!”
Norah was tearing, “Yes, of course! I will marry you Benjamin!” 
He slipped on the ring and they hugged. Heidi even hugged them both and seemed genuinely touched and happy.
There were always people on the street outside the studio and they started applauding.  A few people had used their phones to record the moment, which quickly went viral on various social media sites.  Norah later thought that it was a good idea that she informed her employers via a human resources interaction before she left that day.
The Day
	The ride back to Long Island was fairly smooth and uninterrupted, being that it was the middle of the day on Friday.  However, it was also the Friday of Memorial Day weekend, which meant that traffic would be picking up in a few hours going east.
	David was feeling good about his dad and Norah, but he was increasingly eager about setting up his Shalom match get together.  After their last correspondence, it seemed likely that they would become better acquainted the following week. Or so they thought.
	“How are we going to do this?” an excited Norah asked Ben earlier in the day to make sure they had their stories straight.
	“Good question,” Ben replied. “How do we want them to first meet?”
	“Well, it would probably be awkward if they met when we were getting married,” she replied. “But I think it’s important that they both are in attendance.”
	“Fuck it!” Ben uncharacteristically exclaimed. “We give our lives for these kids and now they have to give some back. It’s our day and then it will be there day as well.”
	“Yeah, fuck it!” Norah yelled and it felt liberating. “They shouldn’t have left it up to us to bring them together! Do we have to do everything for them?!”
	So, fuck it they did, preferring the direct approach to the staged, cute approach. The other question Norah asked was, “Do we go to the house first or city hall?”
	But the ‘fuck it’ response meant they would get married first and then let the pieces fall as they may.
	Heidi thought, “This is a cute town,” as the trio drove through downtown Huntington, which the hub for all neighboring communities on the north shore.  She could feel the tense muscles in her neck relaxing and the rest of her tangled body and mind started to follow.
	David was always early for everything in his life but, admittedly, he had been tardy in setting up the Shalom date.  While he did yearn for lifelong companionship, it was his love for his mother and how he placed her on an insurmountable pedestal that kept most women out of range.
	Ben and Norah had already filled out the paperwork they downloaded on line, and they also brought the other necessary items – such as her divorce decree and Sophie’s death certificate – but they weren’t needed because the woman behind the counter knew Ben from the local Whole Foods and he had let her use his discount on several occasions.
	“Hey! You’re that lawyer that everyone knows at Whole Foods!” 68-year-old Darcy Patrick said as she looked over the paperwork.
	“Smart timing coming in today,” she added as she continued to review and stamp forms with increasing velocity. “The line is out the door some days during the summer.”
	“That will be eight-eight dollars, Mr. Klein and the future Mrs. Klein,” she said and Ben took out his wallet and handed her a credit/debit card.
	Darcy handed Ben only a single sheet of paper she had removed from the printer and then embossed it with an official seal.
	“Looks like your next. Just bring that form into the next room and the Justice of the Peace will marry you. Congratulations!” she said with a tinge of emotion and happiness befitting a lifelong public servant.
	Norah took the lead on keeping the kids separate until the ceremony.  Heidi had to go the bathroom after the trip and Norah said she would meet her in there in a minute to freshen up her makeup.  This kept her daughter at bay for the time being.  
	David was waiting for them in the next room and asked after kissing both Ben and Norah, “Was that your daughter?” as he saw a woman veering away from them and into the bathroom.
	“Yes, she just had to make a pit stop,” Norah replied.
	She then looked at Ben and they both smiled at seeing David’s interest piqued.  Ben and David walked near the non-denominational marriage area, which was really just a room with a guy and a script, while Norah went into the ladies bathroom where Heidi helped her freshen her makeup.
	Heidi was applying some mascara to her mother’s eyes when she said, “I feel like I might be losing you.”
	Norah straightened up and replied, “Now, you know that I would never let that happen! This is just the beginning of a new, wonderful chapter for us. Just remember to keep an open mind at all times,” Norah concluded as she ran her fingers through her daughter’s dirty blonde hair.
	“Okay, mom,” Heidi replied as they walked out of the bathroom holding hands. Mom and daughter caught up with father and son as they walked in together after the master of ceremonies bellowed, “The Klein Wedding!”  
	Just before they were summoned, Ben decided to seize the moment and make a formal introduction.
“David, I would like you to meet Heidi.”
David extended his long right arm and hand and said, “David Klein,” as Heidi did the same, “Heidi Weisman.”
Their eyes met and it produced more than a casual ‘hello’ look.  Heidi looked at her mom and David looked at his dad for backup, since they both felt that something quite out of the ordinary was happening.
Heidi wanted to say something because she usually talked as fast as her brilliant mind processed information, but her proper Midwest roots prevented it on this day.  David, for his part, already liked Norah too much to mar her and her father’s special day.  At least for the time being.
The two-minute ceremony went off without a hitch, as Norah and Ben were transfixed on rosy thoughts and their wonderful and loving future together.  David was also elated that his father could share the rest of his life with someone so lovely and well suited for their family.  Meanwhile, Heidi was standing to her mother’s right and had reached full percolation by the end of the ceremony.  She waited to blow off steam until the niceties were complete, Ben had stepped on a covered light bulb, the yelled “Mazel tov!” and all of the congratulatory wishes were complete.
And then Norah had an idea since she could feel her daughter’s hot breath on her neck.
“Why don’t you two drive together and we’ll meet you at the restaurant.”
David looked at Norah, his dad and then Heidi and knew this wouldn’t be a casual 10-minute roll.
Before either one of the kids could voice an objection, Ben said as he took his wife’s hand and started walked, “See you there!” as the newlyweds didn’t break stride or look back. David had been informed in advance of the restaurant.
If Heidi would have had greater familiarity of the town, she certainly would have tried to take off on foot.  But she was in unfamiliar territory experiencing a wave of emotions she had yet to encounter.  And all of these conflicting emotions – of wanting love and to be loved, of watching her parent’s relationship crumble and have no significance, and her reliance on only her and her mother – were about to be set loose on the inside of David’s Damus.
They both took their appropriate place in the car, David driving and Heidi being the passenger.  Heidi hadn’t driven a car in more than 10 years when she barely passed her driver’s test back in Michigan.  She had truly become a Manhattan denizen, utilizing the subway and taxis for trips that she couldn’t use her feet.  And, when she went on vacation it was always with her mother, which meant Norah would take the wheel for their adventures.
David realized who Norah was on many levels when they were introduced.  In fact, he knew it was her when she went to the bathroom before that, as he saw the three of them emerge from the car.  David was rarely at a loss for words, but on this occasion he didn’t know where to begin, so he just sat quiet while driving.  Being from the Motor City where muscle cars were the norm, Heidi was used to cars that announced their presence in advance.  Hell, living in New York City, everything was loud 24 hours a day.  So, it was nice to finally be someplace that was calming and quiet.  This, in turn, also soothed her own mood.  
About three minutes into the drive, when David finally stopped at a red light, the conversation finally launched.
“Well, that was interesting,” she said.
“Yeah, my dad really hadn’t dated over the past 10 years.”
“Sorry to hear about your mom.”
“Thanks,” David replied. “Sorry I kept putting off our date.”
“I don’t think I helped with that either,” she added. “Must be hiding behind work.”
“Oh, what do you do?” David innocently asked.
“Like you don’t know,” she replied in a snarky tone.
There was a two-fold reason for her skepticism and she was finally about to show her cards.
“Yes, I know that you’re a doctor from your Shalom profile,” he admitted. “Very impressive,” he added, probably from a lack of what else to say.
“Very impressive?” she grunted as he pulled into a spot across the street from the restaurant.
Norah and Ben requested a table near the front window so they could keep an eye on the soap opera starring their kids.
“They’re here!” Norah exclaimed, although Ben was going to reserve judgement after extensive experience mediating conflict.
“Now let’s see if they come out in one piece.”
Heidi continued, “If I was so impressive then why didn’t you approve my funding?! Why didn’t you back me?!”
David couldn’t imagine not backing a woman of this caliber.
“What? What are you talking about?” he yelled in a confused tone.
“I applied for funding from Klein Tanaka a few months ago and I recently received a rejection on the same day that Shalom said we were matched! At the time, I hadn’t put one and one together. That the David I was matched with was actually David Friggin’ Klein!”
“What was you funding application for?” David inquired. “It was obviously medical related.”
“Yes, medical related,” she replied.
David nodded, “My partner handles most of the medical-related applications since he was pre-med at Michigan,” David explained. “But, since I have obviously put myself in a precarious position. Since I saw my entire life unfolding before my eyes when we met today, I think it’s only fitting that I give the future mother our children a chance to pitch her idea.”
That was a lot of information for Heidi to take in, being that she had similar life-changing thoughts when she met David.
“What is with you Klein men? Is it normal to basically propose to a woman when you first meet them?” she asked.
“Stop stalling and let me inside that big brain of yours!” he countered.
While Heidi knew her pitch and concept inside-out, she was suffering from severe social blockage.  She said and did the next thing that entered her mind.
“In a minute. You look fuckin’ awesome in that suit!” she said while grabbing him by the dress shirt and tie.
“I can’t wait to see what you look like under that dress,” he said while putting his left hand on her right breast as they plunged into each other’s lips.
Seven minutes later, the tinted car windows were steamed, although it wasn’t apparent to the outside world.
“I wonder what is taking so long?” Norah asked Ben.
Ben knew what was taking so long, so he just looked at her and smiled.
“Oh,” she replied as Heidi and David emerged from the care after thinking they straightened themselves out.
“That was an excellent pitch,” David joked.
“Yeah,” she replied, “thanks for being a receptive audience.”
David’s tie was loose and off center and Heidi’s dress was unbuttoned more than usual, revealing her ample cleavage.
Norah looked at Ben and said, “Like father, like son.”
Ben smiled, “Like mother, like daughter.”
They floated into the restaurant and father patted son on the back and whispered, “You left the barn door open,” while mother hugged daughter and the buttoned up and put the girls away.
The Pitch
	It was perhaps the most joyful meal the four had in some time.  After about an hour, Norah and Heidi went to the bathroom together, because women do that kind of thing, and the men remained at the table.
	David laughed, “I didn’t see that coming!”
	Ben chuckled, “We did.”
	“Isn’t he cute?” Heidi said like a teenager gossiping with a friend.
	Norah assumed that her daughter was referring to David, although she knew her husband was a cutie patootie.
	“Yes, he is,” she said simply before turning to Heidi and saying “Shalom!”
	They both beamed as Heidi replied, “Shalom!” as they hugged deeply.
	A few minutes later after a short drive, there were now four chairs on the deck as the newest member of the sit-and-gaze club chimed in.
	“I could get used to this,” Heidi stated at the site of the sun making its descent.
	David looked over at Norah and Ben and they nodded, so he said to Heidi, “In order to secure a seat out here you have to deliver your pitch. I still haven’t heard your business pitch.”
	Heidi looked at David and the Ben and her mother, but Norah said, “The floor is yours my dear.”
	Norah knew her daughter would be up to the challenge.  Hell, she had never backed away from anything difficult in her life.
	“I think my original business plan was overly complex, since there are many levels and working parts, so I’ll try to simplify it for you,” Heidi began.
	She talked about her plan and study in the use of robotics, with neurology, as she painted a direct picture that proved not to be complicated.  With every word, David fell more hopelessly in love with a woman who was so intelligent as she was beautiful.
	“There is both profitable and charitable components to my plan,” she stated and then went on to detail both. She spoke for 20 minutes, stopping halfway and sitting Indian style on the deck in front of her proud and captivated audience.
	“Will this be profitable?” David asked in order to maintain a scant shred of professionalism.
	“Yes, if we scale it globally,” Heidi replied, infusing the word ‘we’ to make it more inclusive and personal.
	“There could be many legal ramifications,” Ben said.
	“Yes, I am aware of that,’ Heidi replied.
	Norah knew her daughter was brilliant, but she often had so many balls in the air that she needed help with organization.
	“You’ll also need to maintain a consistent structure.”
	Heidi nodded in agreement, “All valid points.”
	“But, your point of conception is brilliant,” Ben stated in order to help move things along from genesis to launch.
	“Sounds like a life altering process,” mom stated and then waited for one of the world’s leading venture capitalists to give his take.
	“Since you’re dealing with something that really has never been monetized, this will definitely be a steep learning curve to making this a profitable business. But, I feel, and this might be blasphemy, that some of the best and most profitable companies simply focused on filling a societal need more than blindly focusing solely on profit. The applications for this type of technology could be limitless. I like ideas that you can see sprouting well beyond a simple niche. You would also have several tax advantages that would help tip the scales of profitability in the early years.”  
	There was a brief moment of silence until an impatient Heidi asked, “So?”
	David looked over at his father and Norah and could see that they were all in agreement by the smiles on their faces.
	“No,” David stated simply.
	“What do you mean, no?” a miffed Heidi asked. “Your company is not going to invest in me?”
	“No,” David replied as he stood up, as the Norah and ben also stood up. Heidi followed suit and also rose to her feet.
	Norah took over.
	“We all believe in you.’
	“I think this is something special we all should do together,” Ben added.
	David smiled, “Yeah, let’s keep this one in house,” as they all stepped up and met in the middle of a joyous hug.
Next Steps
	Life would never be the same for Ben, Norah, Heidi and David thanks to Shalom and its surprisingly accurate search algorithm.  Life decisions were made at a moment’s notice with a faint level of disagreement.
	“Where are we going to live in the city?” Heidi asked David only moments after he formally proposed and slipped an engagement ring on her finger at the end of the second weekend they were together.
	“With your mom moving in with my dad, why don’t we check out a few places before making a decision,” David stated.
	They first went to David’s apartment on Central Park West.
	“This is for one person?” Heidi asked.
	And then they went to went to Ben and Norah’s apartment to show them the ring.
	“This is a nice building,” Heidi said when they entered.
	“Artie! What’s happening?” David exclaimed and then shook hands bro’ style with the man he had known for years.
	“Hey, David!” Arturo replied. “Who is this lovely lady?” And then he noticed the ring on her left hand. “With that spectacular ring on her finger!”
	Heidi showed Arturo the ring and David said, “This is Heidi, my fiancée.”
	“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Heidi. I don’t know what’s got into the Klein men, but I like it! You both look really happy.”
	David and Heidi walked to elevator, and since she was closer to the buttons, he said, “Top floor.”
	They reached the top floor and David waited for Heidi to exit as she looked to her right and then her left and asked, “Which way?”
	“Either way,” David replied.
	“What do you mean?” Heidi asked.
	“He bought the apartment on the right first and then the apartment on the left when it became available.”
	“Why?” she inquired.
	Instinctively, David knew what to say.
	“For times like these.”
	Heidi decided to take the route less traveled by heading to the left.  It had also been a while since David used this less worn path toward the secondary residence.
	Heidi knocked on the door and Norah picked up her head.
	“Coming!” she said and then opened the door to see the glowing face of her daughter.
	“See, I picked the right door,” Heidi said to David.
	Norah had been spending more time on the other side, as she and Ben anticipated the next shift of life.
	“This is a gorgeous ring!” she said kissing her daughter and then David.
	“Wow! Would you take a look at this place!” Heidi exclaimed as Ben strode proudly toward them and began to realize that his vision was one step closer to reality.
	Over the next six months, everything came clearer into focus.  David and Heidi were married in a small ceremony by the same Justice of the Peace who married their parents a few weeks earlier.  David and Heidi then made the decision to move into the left side of Ben and Norah’s apartment.  It was only the first of several major decisions coming from the family.
	After it was decided it was decided to launch the company, which they Aristotle Ventures. The Greek philosopher Aristotle defined the energy that gives the body its movement as the soul – the soul and body remaining linked but with the possibility of being separated into distinct entities.
	The following actions occurred almost in succession leading up to the launch:
	Ben had done just about everything he intended to do while working for Whole Foods.  The experience widely surpassed his initial expectations, when about five years into his tenor, a company called Amazon.com came along and bought his company, which had been struggling.  In recent years, Ben’s stock options alone made him a billionaire, so he figured that it was time to move on.  His priorities had shifted and Amazon management offered him a healthy buyout package, which he gladly accepted.
	Norah, who had become a social media darling overnight after Ben’s proposal video went viral, went on the air the following Monday and realized that life had changed her spot.  It took a few more weeks for her to fully realize that it was time for her to turn the reigns over to the next generation, despite some initial resistance from the network.  The head of the network eventually offered her a sizeable package to step aside since he was sleeping with one of her Associate Producers.  He at least gave the illusion of being conflicted about Norah’s departure.
	“Summer is around the corner and we’re going to play a lot of reruns, so why don’t you stay another month? I’ll pay you full salary whether you decide to work or not,” he stated.
	Two days later, he sent out a press release and invited Norah to an announcement of Hailey Prescott’s promotion to Executive producer, with a brief mention and statement from Norah.
	“I loved my years with The Morning Show, but I am on to the next chapter in my life with my family by my side.”
	Six months later, when Prescott got a big head and grew tired of the job, she sued the head of the network and wound up settling on the down-low for $10 million.  She left the job and was replaced by an African American transgender.
	Norah and Heidi sold their apartment for a significant profit, although money had not been an object and would never be a source of stress in their lives again.  And, while David loved his apartment it was no longer his home.  He sold it and he and Heidi took their rightful place in the left wing of the apartment, and Ben and Norah lived on the right side.
	David sat down across the large conference room table from his partner, Ken Tanaka, with a gaggle of lawyers surrounding them.  Or, as the two partners refereed to it, the money room. 
	Tanaka and David had talked about David’s desire to move on and have his shares bought out, and it took Ken less than a week to come up with the necessary backing and corporate structure.  The truth was that David meeting and then marrying Heidi helped him identify that he had lost his taste for the game, but not the truth.  His new partner in life was definitely his guidepost toward the truth.
	“You turned her down?” David started.
	“I didn’t think it was the best thing for the firm. Her tech was untested,” Tanaka reasoned.
	“Did you meet with her?”
	“Didn’t think it was necessary, Ken said and then he went to far, “Her app was weak.”
	David thought, “What did that mother-fucker just say?! I brought him into this shit to start with!”
	But somehow he maintained his composure, as the price for his buyout just went up.
	A lawyer stated, “The new firm will be called Tanaka Burnett. Any objections?” he asked David.
	“No, you can call it whatever you want just as long as my name is removed from everything and I am no longer a legal partner liable for any actions or losses against the firm.”
	One lawyer spoke out, “There are a few other things you must do to protect and insulate your assets.”
	David looked at the young African American woman in her first year with the firm, “Sorry, what is your name?”
	“Jenkins, sir. Corey Jenkins.”
	“Thank you!” David said.
	“You will be bought out at the price of $800 million, with a five percent participation in future profit distributions,” the first lawyer stated.
	David looked at Corey and she shook her head, “No.”
	Tanaka was a bit of a hot head and exclaimed, “You better watch it… what was your name?”
	“Jenkins.”
	“Easy, Ken,” David interjected. “As part of the deal, I’m taking Jenkins with me. Is that okay, Corey?”
	She smiled, “Yes, Mr. Klein.”
	“Fine!” Tanaka yelled, as his patience wore thinner. “What else? I have a tee time this afternoon,” he added about his precious, but mediocre golf game. 
	David nodded at Corey and she stood up from the chair on Tanaka’s side of the table and sat next to David, who was by himself.
	“Isn’t your father a lawyer?” she asked.
	“Yes,” David replied.
	“You should know better,” Corey stated, which David liked. He preferred direct talk over passive-aggressive bullshit any day.
	“$1.2 billion,” she whispered.
	“Okay,” David replied.
	“And then we’ll file the necessary paperwork to permanently sever you from the firm.”
	David thought for a moment and then stated, “This is my final offer, Ken. Take it or go to arbitration, where I’ll probably ask for more and probably get it because I started the company and have ignored but kept records of many of your excesses over the years. $1.2 billion and I want to take Corey, my admin, Ken Reeves and Sandra Blumenthal from Marketing, Dr. Merriweather and…” he turned to Corey.
	“Get Dilbert Rossum. The boy’s got some mad tech skills,” she excitedly whispered.
	David nodded, “And Dilbert Rossum.”
	Tanaka laughed, “Who the fuck is Dilbert Rossum? You’re crazy, Dave! You got a deal.”
	They stood up and walked toward the door of the conference room, shaking hands as Tanaka was on an extended ego trip.
	“I hope you know what you’re doing, Dave. The buy-in will be much steeper than the price I just paid.”
	David smiled and replied, “The best of luck to you as well, Ken.”
	They both signed a bunch of papers and then David and Corey went and collected Reeves, Blumenthal, Miley and Rossum, before scooping up Dr. Merriweather.  He then took them all out to lunch.
	“So, we no longer work at the firm?” Blumenthal asked.
	“No,” David replied.
	“Good!” Merriweather interjected. “That guy is going to run it into the ground.”
	“Yes, there’s a 57% probability that the company will be taken over in less than two years,” Dilbert Rossum opined.
	David laughed, “Was that probability higher or lower before the deal?”
	Dilbert chuckled, “It was less than 5% before you walked away.”
	“Good to know,” David said.
	He then turned to Miley, who was the salary cap expert and asked, “Let’s talk salary. We are a young, yet stable company with a large budget.”
	“You should negotiate,” young Corey said.
	“Okay, Corey, what is a fair bump on your compensation?”
	Corey was still wet behind the ears, so she looked at Miley, “I’ll defer to the expert.”
	“We don’t know what we’ll be doing,” Reeves voiced. “I’ll have to consider my options.”
	Miley surveyed the table and stated, “A 20 percent bump in pay plus other things such as stock options we can finalize down the road.”
	“I’m good,” Reeves quickly replied.
	“Yeah, me too,” Blumenthal added.
	“What the hell,” Merriweather said, “I’m in.”
	David’s admin just smiled and Rossum said, “I will require a technology upgrade.”
	“You got it,” David replied.
	“In,” Dilbert said.
	Corey remained silent, as she was the consummate observer. David pursued.
	“Corey, are you in?”
	“Of course!” Corey exclaimed. “But can you help me pay off my student loans and I need a place to live. I really need to get out of my parents’ house.”
	Miley referred to David.
	“Of course. We’ll all work something out, as he looked at Miley and she was happily in agreement.
	“Welcome to Aristotle Ventures!” David exclaimed as he raise his glass and everyone clanked.
In the End
	The company came out of the gate quite fast and never looked back.  Corporate operations, which started in the spacious apartment, branched out to AHH\\\HHauppauge, Log Island and Pontiac, Michigan, which were the sources of manufacturing and the non-profit.  An old, abandoned Ford factory became a robotics production facility and was a huge source of local employment, which reinvigorated the downtrodden community.  A team of Norah’s childhood friends, including Karen Bush, were assembled to form the foundation of the non-profit staff.  
	The company turned a profit in just over a year with Heidi as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Norah as Chief Operating Officer, Ben as Chief Legal Officer with right hand Corey, David as Chairman, Dr. Merriweather as Chief Financial Officer, Dilbert Rossum as Chief Technology Officer, Sandra Blumenthal as Chief Marketing Officer, Ken Reeves as Chief Content and Publicity Officer and Kendra Miley as Chief People Officer.
	Three years later, Aristotle Ventures went public on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange under the ticker MOVE.  The team rang the opening market bell with Ben holding his two-year-old granddaughter Brooklyn and Norah holding her two-month-old grandson Albert, who was named for Heidi’s idol, Einstein, as Heidi and David rang the bell.
	It was the sweetest years of their lives because they did it together as a family united. A family guided by love.    
  

