


Love Knows No Boundaries
Justus Roux
Copyright 2014 by Justus Roux
Smashwords Edition



All rights reserved
This is a work fiction any resemblance to anyone living or dead is coincidence.




Dear Readers,

It has been over ten years since my first book “My Master” was released.  I had no idea when I wrote “My Master”, which started the Master Series, that over ten years later the series would still be going strong.  “Inner Beast” the thirty book in this series has just been released.  Thirty books…wow…it’s hard to believe. I love these characters in this series and have enjoyed writing each and every book. I will keep writing this series until there is nothing left to write about.
I have written several series as well as many single titled books, and I have enjoyed every minute of this journey.  I can’t wait to see what else my muses have in store for me.
I have learned so much along the way trying to find my voice. I have written stories for a long time, beginning with bedtime stories for my children. I’m reminded of what my daughter said to her friend when describing to her what I did. She said, “Mom is a story teller.”  Even now thinking about that brings a smile to my face. Now, of course, since she is almost a full grown woman she tells her friends that mom is a writer. I think I like being called a story teller better, lol. 
I have picked several short stories to share with you. Each one is part of another book or has been on my website.  They encompass what my tag line means to me…where love and erotica know no boundaries.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the readers who have taken this journey with me.  To know that you are enjoying the stories I have written means so much to me that I can’t find the words to describe how I feel.  Funny, that a writer can’t find the right words, lol.  
If you are a new reader to my work, welcome and I hope you enjoy the journey.

Best Wishes, 
Justus Roux









His Eyes Wide Open


This is part of my book “Master Nikolai”.   Jacob discovers a hidden desire when he falls in love with Leon.  “Master Nikolai” is part of the Master Series.


Chapter One


Jacob stepped off the yacht, his eyes disparately trying to soak in all the beauty of this island. “Whoa,” he exclaimed.
“This way, Sir,” a male servant said.
 He was led to three beautiful women. He had to stop himself from gawking at them. Being only twenty, Jacob had never seen women as beautiful as these three in real life before. His boss Rose was a very attractive woman, but he saw her more as a big sister than anything else.
“My name is Mystic.” 
“I am Jacob,” he said softly. Mystic was amazing looking. Her long black hair framed her beautiful face. Her dark eyes held such mystery and her body was perfectly female. 
“Please follow me,” she said. 
She led him pass a bunch of fashionable, good-sized huts and down a path, which opened to reveal an enormous mansion. 
“Wow,” he whispered.
“This way.” 
She led him into the mansion.
“Now this is impressive.” 
“My Master has wonderful taste.” 
He followed her to a room off to the side. She opened the door. Jacob was still busy looking over all the artwork they passed by.
“Master, Mr. Smith is here.” 
“Thank you, my pet. Now go tend to the other male guests.” 
“Yes Master.” Mystic lightly touched Jacob’s arm to get his attention. “My Master will see you now.” 
Jacob timidly headed into the room. The man standing behind a large desk was intimidating to say the least. Jacob was rather trim, he was in good shape, but this man before him was far more muscular and taller than him. This man had such an air of dominance about him. Jacob was very overawed by this man and he just met him. 
“Please sit down, Jacob.” 
“Yes Sir.” Jacob slowly walked over to the leather sofa and sat down. He was becoming more nervous by the moment. Why in the world did he agree to come here in the first place? Rose, pure and simple it was for her. This book they were writing about Masters was very important to her and what was important to her was important to him. She was counting on him to observe Master Drake and his submissives or pets as Drake called them.
“You seem awfully young to be a full fledge reporter.” Drake sat down across from Jacob. 
“Well…ummm…” 
“Let’s end the charade. I know you are an assistant and that your boss has gone to Master Nikolai’s home.” 
Jacob looked at Drake stunned. 
“I let no one on this island unless Michael has checked them out. Don’t worry I have no intention on telling Nikolai anything. However, I don’t want you telling your boss that I know anything about this charade of yours either. Agreed?” 
“Yes Sir.” 
“You are free to explore my island, talk with me or my pets. My wife Jessica has gone to Hawaii to visit with Wrath and Lust. She will be returning later.” 
“I want to thank you for the opportunity to see your lifestyle first hand. Rose and I only want to create an accurate view of what a Master’s life is. I promise I will keep your name secret and the names of your pets too. Though I have to admit I am more of a photographer than a reporter.” 
“Of course you know I can’t allow you to take pictures of me or my pets.”
“I didn’t think you would allow me to, so I left my cameras at home.” Jacob couldn’t tell Rose right away that he wasn’t going to be able to take pictures of Drake’s island. Michael had already told him to leave his cameras home. 
 “Just how old are you, Jacob?” 
“I am twenty, but I will be twenty-one in a couple of months.” 
“May I ask how old your boss is?” 
“She is twenty-eight.” 
“Tell me did you manage to speak with Master Dante?” 
“Briefly, but he scared the crap out of me. I really don’t want to pursue interviewing him.”
Drake chuckled. “Yet, you don’t mind coming to my island. I am not an intimidating man?” 
“Your size is pretty darn intimidating, however…I know I just met you, but you seem to have a gentleness yet dominance about you. Besides, I was told you are the Master of Pleasure, that sure sounds better than Master Dante’s being the Master of Pain.” 
Drake couldn’t help but to laugh. The naivety of this young man was refreshing. “One more thing Jacob then I will let you get settled into your room. Do you prefer men or women sexually?” 
“Women,” Jacob said in a rush. 
“Alright, follow me.” Drake stood up and walked out of the room. Jacob was right behind him. He led Jacob up the stairs and over to Beauty’s room. She and Pleasure were at the other side of the island while the guests were here, so her room was free. “I hope you don’t mind Beauty’s feminine touch,” Drake said as he opened the door and let Jacob in.
“This is just fine, thank you. I thought I was going to stay in one of those huts though.” 
“Those huts are for my regular guests. You will stay in my home so you can observe me and my pets.” 
“Thank you very much, Sir.” 
“When you get settled in feel free to explore. But remember to show my pets respect, they are not play things for your amusement.” 
“Of course. Umm, one thing…” 
“What is it?” 
“Will it be okay to keep in touch with Rose?” 
“Rose…oh your boss…I don’t have a problem with that.” 
“Thank you, Sir.” 
Jacob waited for Drake to leave, then he sat down on the large bed. This room definitely had a feminine touch.  He didn’t care though. He was going to do a good job of researching Master Drake for Rose.  When he called her on the boat she hadn’t arrive yet at Master Nikolai’s home. He hoped she knew what she was doing. It was one thing to come to a Master’s home as a guest only to observe, it was another to immerse oneself in this lifestyle. God he hoped Rose knew what she was getting herself into. He cared deeply for her. He wanted nothing to happen to her. 
He heard a knock on the door and quickly went to answer it. A male servant brought his luggage up. 
“Thank you,” Jacob said as he reached back to grab his wallet.
“Please Sir, tips are not necessary.” 
Jacob went about the task of unpacking. He was kind of excited to look around the beautiful island. 

***

Jacob headed down the stairs. Servants were bustling everywhere. Jacob reached over and lightly grabbed a female servant’s arm. “Excuse me, where is everyone?”  He was expecting to see Master Drake or at least some of his pets.
“Master is greeting his guests. Normally he does this in the gathering room, but since Mistress isn’t here he decided to just go out to the huts and speak with the guests.” 
“Oh, how long will he be?” 
“It depends on the guests. Usually the greeting only last about an hour.”
“Thank you.” 
Jacob walked over to the enormous glass wall. A large pool area was just beyond the wall. “Nice,” he said. He heard soft footsteps coming up behind him. He turned around fully expecting to see a woman behind him instead it was the most beautiful and feminine-looking guy he had ever seen. However, this man somehow looked vaguely familiar. This man’s long chocolate colored hair hung down the length of his back. It was so incredibly silky looking Jacob wanted to reach out and touch it. 
“You must be Jacob. I am Leon.” Leon’s voice was soft. Normally Leon would never approach a strange man like this. Hell, he still didn’t even talk to any males on this island except for Master Drake and Ecstasy. After everything he was put through during his time as a forced slave he was very weary of all men. And yet this young man before him looked so innocent…so lost. This intrigued Leon. 
“Oh…you’re Ecstasy’s…umm…ah…” 
“Lover.” 
“Yeah…” Jacob felt really uncomfortable. 
“Does Ecstasy know you are here?” 
“I certainly hope so.” Jacob tried to look away from Leon. This man’s beauty was mesmerizing.  His green eyes were breathtaking and his full lush lips… Jacob felt a panic sweep over him when his cock started to grow hard. 
“What’s wrong?” Leon asked. 
“Nothing…I better…” Jacob quickly hurried up the stairs and to his room. He closed the door and leaned against it.  Never did his cock grow hard looking at a man before. He wasn’t gay, what the hell was going on. He couldn’t get Leon’s lush lips out of his mind. His cock grew even harder. The panic that filled him soon overtook his lust. 
He was startled when his phone rang.  “Rose?”  He was beyond relief to hear her voice, though his relief was short live when he heard the strange tone to her voice. 
He talked with her for a few moments. Damn Rose was falling in love with Master Nikolai, he could hear it in her voice.  Maybe this was the wrong thing to do. She should have just gone in as an observer. He hated lying to her about not meeting Master Drake yet. He was so freaked out about getting a hard-on over Leon he was having trouble thinking straight. He was glad though that he shared his fear about being turned on by Leon. Rose always had a way of saying the right thing to make him feel better. Yeah, she was probably right, this place is just oozing with sexual energy and Leon did look so feminine. Hell, if he wore makeup anyone would mistake him for a woman, well his face anyways. The rest of him looked masculine enough. 
Jacob felt better now after talking with Rose. He made a mental note to call her frequently to keep her grounded.
He heard a soft knocking on the door. He took a deep breath to clear his mind. He walked over to the door and opened it and was shocked to see Leon standing there. 
“I just wanted to make sure you were alright. You seemed upset.” 
“I am fine. This place is a bit overwhelming.” 
“I can take you to Master Drake if you wish.” 
“No, he is busy I can wait.” Jacob tried not to look at Leon. 
“It is alright if you find me attractive. Most men do.” 
“That isn’t…I mean that wasn’t what I was thinking of…I…” 
“Okay. Dinner will be served shortly if you are hungry.” 
“Leon, there you are.” 
Jacob recognized Ecstasy’s voice. Oh wonderful, Ecstasy was probably going to kick his ass, just flipping great. 
“Ecstasy.” Leon wrapped his arms around Ecstasy’s waist. 
“I see Master allowed you to come onto his island.” Ecstasy glared at Jacob. “Don’t even think about touching Leon unless he wants to be with you. Do you understand?” 
“I am not into guys, so you don’t have anything to worry about.” 
“Not into guys, huh.” Ecstasy smiled looking down at the bulge in Jacob’s pants. 
Jacob was mortified. He didn’t know what to do or say.
“Don’t touch Leon unless he wants you to. You think what I did to you at Michael’s house was bad, you haven’t seen nothing yet.”  
“Ecstasy…” Leon looked up into Ecstasy’s face. “Jacob is Master Drake’s guest.” 
“You are right.” Ecstasy smiled down at Leon then leaned over and kissed him. “Master wants everyone to come down to dinner.” Ecstasy stroked Leon’s hair. “That means you too.” He looked over and glared at Jacob.
“Alright, I will be there in a minute.” He was relieved when Ecstasy left with Leon. He closed the door and walked over to the bed. “Think unpleasant thoughts,” he told himself. He had to get rid of this hard-on. “Damn it,” he muttered. His cock was so hard it throbbed. He pulled down his pants and wrapped his hand around his cock. He slowly started to stroke it. He pictured Mystic in his mind. He smiled imagining taking her beautiful body. Just as he was about to come the image of Ecstasy kissing Leon’s full lush lips filled his mind. His orgasm hit him hard and he shuddered from the intensity of it. He quickly pulled up his pants and hurried over to the bathing room. He cleaned himself up. He couldn’t think about what got him off. He wouldn’t allow himself to. He focused on going to dinner with Master Drake. All of Drake’s pets would certainly be there. He had to focus on his assignment. He finished cleaning himself up then headed down to the dining hall.


Chapter Two

Jacob slowly entered the dining hall. He was unsure of what to do. 
“Come in and sit down, Jacob,” Drake said, motioning to the chair beside him. 
“Yes Sir.” Jacob walked over to Drake and sat down. Drake smelled really good, he glanced up at Drake’s handsome face. There was something mesmerizing about Drake, but Jacob didn’t have any sexual thoughts about this Master. He was rather relieved by this.  He looked over the seven men and three women who were seated around the large table. 
“My pets this is Jacob and he is here to observe our lifestyle. You will be courteous to him.” 
“If he wants to observe I will be more than happy to tie his young tight ass up and show him what I do around here,” Rage said as he flicked his tongue at Jacob. 
“I would love to help you, Rage,” Pain added. 
“Rage and Pain that’s enough. They are a bit wound up since Wrath visited last week. Let me introduce you to my pets. You have already met Mystic. These other lovely ladies are Affection and Desire. You know Ecstasy and Leon, this is Rage, Pain, Blaze, Shadow, and Tryton. My two other pets Beauty and Pleasure are at the other side of the island at the moment.” 
“It’s nice to meet all of you,” Jacob said. “You have far more male pets than you do female pets, why?” 
“I use to have about the same number of female and male pets, but things change. Michael is looking for two more female pets for me. The male guests always seem to outnumber the female guests and I don’t want my female pets being overworked. Luckily this time quite a few of the male guests are bisexual or gay.” 
Jacob ate his dinner and just watched Drake interact with his pets. They seem like a family in an odd way. Jacob enjoyed his dinner and as he sipped his wine he glanced at Leon. He had purposely avoided looking at Leon all through dinner. When Leon’s eyes locked with his, Jacob looked away. 
Drake observed Jacob. He watched as Jacob stole glances at Leon and kept looking away when Leon felt the heat of his gaze and looked at him. He saw the extreme nervousness Jacob started to show. Drake glanced over at Leon. He watched as Ecstasy protectively wrapped his arm around Leon as he too noticed Jacob glancing at Leon. Drake’s gaze returned to Leon. He understood Jacob’s attraction to him. Leon was beautiful and so feminine, and yet he was obviously a man.  Drake was attracted to this quality too. All his male pets were perfectly male, so handsome and strong. His Ecstasy was beyond beautiful, but yet so masculine at the same time, not Leon though. Leon was demure and petite, trim, and those eyes and lips were just as beautiful as any of Drake’s female pets, very intriguing combination indeed. Leon has only been with Ecstasy since arriving on the island. He would embrace and lay with Drake, but never have sex with him. Since Leon had gone through such a rough time before coming to the island, Drake respected Leon’s wishes. He wasn’t really one of his pets, Leon was Ecstasy’s lover. 
Drake’s attention went back to Jacob as he shifted nervously in his chair. Drake saw that Jacob had placed the cloth napkin on his lap in an attempt to cover his erection. 
“My pets go back to your chambers. You are going to have a busy day tomorrow. Ecstasy, I want you to go to my chamber.” 
“Yes Master.” 
When his pets left Drake turned his attention to Jacob. “Often men and women come to my island to explore their bisexuality. It is nothing to be ashamed of.” 
“What?!” Jacob exclaimed. 
“I saw the way you were looking at Leon. It’s okay if you are attracted to him. On my island you are free to explore any avenue of your sexuality.” 
“I don’t like guys alright. You have three very beautiful female pets…”
“Yes I do. Would you like one of them to come to your chamber this evening?” 
“I wouldn’t know which one of your female pets to choose. I’m sorry but this is a little strange…and…” 
“Allow me to choose one for you. One that I know you are craving.” 
“I would love nothing more than to be with one of your pets, but doesn’t that piss you off. I mean you are their Master, shouldn’t they be devoted to you.” 
“They are devoted to me. My pets enjoy sex very much and since I can’t be with all of them all the time they are allowed to play with each other. When the guests are here they entertain them. I don’t force them to do this, they want to.” 
“I will say good night then.”
“Good night, Jacob. I will send over someone you will enjoy very much.” 
Jacob only nodded his head. He started to wonder which female pet Drake was going to send to him. He wanted to refuse Drake, but the thought of being with one of those beauties was too good to turn down. 
Jacob went up to his room and prepared himself for whoever Master Drake was sending to him. He really didn’t understand how Drake could share his pets with other people or for that matter keep so many of his pets happy.  Were they all happy?  He had to admit he did find himself drawn to Master Drake too, that guy just had a way about him.
Jacob quickly turned around when he heard the door open. There was Mystic standing there looking so damn beautiful. He didn’t quite know what to do. Sure he has been with a few women before, but this woman belongs to Master Drake. How in the world was he even going to compare to him in her eyes?
“You seem a bit nervous,” Mystic said as she stepped out of her clothes. 
Jacob just stood there looking at her perfection. He never has had a woman so beautiful before. She slowly moved over to him.
“Please take off your clothes,” she purred. 
“Umm…” Jacob all of a sudden felt very self-conscious. Drake and his male pets were all unbelievably handsome. She has probably been with all of them. How could she possibly find him attractive?
“You have such a look of innocence about you. Mmmm, I like that.” She slowly started to remove his clothes for him. He could only stand there and allow her to do it. She came down to her knees in front of him and took his cock into her mouth. It felt good, so fucking good that before Jacob knew it he started to come. 
“Oh…I am sorry.” He looked down and watched her lick her lips. 
“Don’t worry I will get you hard again.” 
“Let me…” Jacob didn’t know how to ask for what he wanted. The women he had been with were just as inexperience as he was. 
“Do what you want to me. I will let you know if I feel uncomfortable with what you’re doing to me.” 
“Lay on the bed.” He just stood there for a moment watching her as she laid herself out on the bed. Slowly he walked over to her. He wanted to taste her. He eagerly placed his head between her legs and lapped hungrily at her pussy. She tasted so good. He could hear her moans as he licked feverishly at her clit. Her hips lifted off the bed as he brought her to orgasm. He looked up at her then he quickly sat up and positioned himself between her legs. He rammed his cock into her and thrust hard and fast. He didn’t last long before his orgasm hit him. 
“I am sorry,” he whispered as he rolled off of her. 
“What for that was so good,” she purred. She climbed out of the bed and put her dress back on. “If you desire me again just ask my Master for me.” She left the room.
Jacob got out of bed and put back on his jeans. She had to be used to being fuck better than that. He was relieved that she was polite about it.  Jacob heard a soft knock on the door. He walked over to the door and opened it. 
“Hello Jacob, Master Drake asked me to keep you company for a little while,” Leon said. 
“He what?” Jacob stepped aside and let Leon in. He looked down the hall expecting to see Ecstasy. 
“Don’t worry I told Ecstasy I wanted to visit with you.” 
“Why do you want to visit with me?” 
Leon sat on Jacob’s bed. “I like the way you look at me.” 
“I don’t understand.” Jacob slowly closed the door. 
“Are you going to just stand there or are you going to come and sit by me?” 
Jacob slowly walked over to his bed then sat down next to Leon, making sure to leave plenty of distance between them. 
“Master Drake sent you?” 
“Yes, he asked me to visit with you. He said that I was what you wanted most.” 
“Oh…I…” Jacob quickly stood.
“Like I was saying, I like the way you look at me. Most men when they stare at me with lust in their eyes frighten me. The intensity of their hunger is too much for me. Ecstasy is the only man that I want looking at me with such hunger. But you…I caught you stealing glances at me during dinner. You find me very attractive, and yet you don’t want to admit it to yourself. Your innocence I find very appealing.” 
“Whoa wait…” Jacob felt his heart thumping in his chest. 
Leon stood up and moved toward Jacob. “I know you won’t hurt me. You are not that kind of man. Do you want to kiss me?” 
Jacob couldn’t stop staring at Leon’s lush full lips. 
“What you do on Master Drake’s island is your business.” Leon moved closer. 
“God you smell good.” Jacob couldn’t stop himself from saying. His breathing became labored. “I am not into guys,” he whispered.  He quickly moved away from Leon. His cock was so hard it ached. His mind raced and a fear engulfed him. 
“I understand if you are afraid of your attraction to me. I will bid you good night then.” 
“Wait…” Jacob looked to the ground. “I am sorry, if I gave the wrong signal to you.” 
“You don’t need to apologize, if you are afraid to explore this side of your sexuality that’s your business. Good night, Jacob.” 
“Good night.” Jacob heard the door close then he looked up to see Leon was gone. “Why in the hell did Master Drake send him up here? I told him I was into women.” 
Jacob took a quick shower and then went to bed. He tried to think of anything but Leon, but those lips of his wouldn’t leave Jacob’s mind. 




Chapter Three

In the morning Jacob sat out on the large front porch of the mansion and just looked out over the beautiful roses that were in every color, they seemed to be everywhere. He slowly sipped his morning coffee. He had to find a way to focus. He couldn’t let Rose down. 
“Good Morning.” 
Jacob looked up at the female servant. “Good Morning. Is the weather always this perfect here?” 
“Yes, most days it is. Master said that you are free to look around the island today. If you need a guide please don’t hesitate to ask any servant and they will find you one. Breakfast will be served soon.” 
“Thank you.” Jacob spotted a couple of female guests talking with Shadow. Shadow was a very handsome man, perfect body, and who had hair just as long as Leon’s except Shadow’s hair was ash-blond in color. The female guests flirted with Shadow and a few moments later he followed them down the trail that led to the guests’ huts. 
“Here is your breakfast,” the same female servant said as she set a tray of food down by Jacob.
“Oh…you didn’t have to bring this out just for me.” 
“You seemed to be enjoying the sights and sounds of the morning. It was no trouble.” 
“Thank you…umm, may I ask you something?” 
“Of course.” 
“Is Shadow, you know, bisexual?” 
“I am afraid not, he only likes to be with women. The rest of Master’s male pets are bisexual. I am sure you will be pleased with any you choose. However, if you are not into pain you might want to stay away from Rage and Pain.” 
“Whoa wait, I didn’t mean that I wanted to be with Shadow that way. I just saw him with a couple of female guests and…never mind.” 
“I am sorry I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.” 
“Don’t worry about it.” 
“I will leave you to enjoy your breakfast.” 
Jacob ate his breakfast as he enjoyed the beauty of the island. When he was finished a jeep pulled up to the house. He quickly turned around when the front door of the mansion flew up. He was shocked to see Master Drake rushing down the steps toward the jeep. 
“I have missed you, my Jessica.” Drake scooped Jessica up into his arms. 
Jacob watched the loving exchange between the two. He heard the door burst open again and all of Drake’s pets except for Shadow, Ecstasy and Leon rushed down to greet Jessica. Jacob felt like such an intruder at this moment.  Jacob got up and walked to a path that headed behind the mansion. It didn’t feel right to just sit there and watch as they greeted Jessica. 
He continued down the path looking at all the vegetation. He could hear a waterfall in the distance. As he got closer he heard two men laughing. He peeked around a tree and spotted Ecstasy and Leon playing in a pool of water that was at the bottom of a beautiful waterfall. Jacob couldn’t help but smile watching the two men play like boys. They splashed each other and dunked each other under the water. 
“Ecstasy, that is not fair you are bigger than me,” Leon pouted. 
“Come here,” Ecstasy purred. He pulled Leon into his arms and started to kiss him. 
Jacob wanted to leave it wasn’t right to spy on them like this, but he just couldn’t look away. He looked behind him when he heard footsteps coming up the path. 
“Oh crap.” Jacob hid in some of the vegetation hoping like hell that whoever was coming wouldn’t see him. 
A male servant rushed down to the waterfall. “Ecstasy, Master commands you to go to his chamber. Mistress has returned and he wants you to spend a little time with them.” 
“Okay, I will be there in a moment.” Ecstasy kissed Leon one last time then climbed out of the water. 
Jacob let his eyes wander down Ecstasy’s perfect strong body. God he wished he had a body like that. 
“Leon, will you be okay out here by yourself?” 
“I will be fine. I want to stay for a little while longer then I will head back up to the house.” 
“Okay, but if anyone comes down here you hurry to the house.” 
“I will.” 
Jacob crouched further down as Ecstasy walked by. He waited for a few moments and slowly emerged from the vegetation. He peeked around the tree and was startled to see Leon looking right at him. “Oh shit…” Jacob hid behind the tree. 
He heard Leon coming out of the water then silence. He just about jumped out of his skin when Leon touched his arm. 
“Holy shit, you scared the crap out of me!” Jacob exclaimed. Jacob briefly noticed that Leon was naked, then Jacob quickly looked to the ground. 
“How long have you been there?” 
“Not long, I didn’t want to disturb you, that’s all.” Jacob’s body trembled when Leon grabbed his hand and gently pulled. Jacob couldn’t stop himself, he allowed Leon to guide him to the water.
Leon let go of Jacob’s hand then dived into the water. Jacob kept his gaze to the ground. “Please join me.” 
“I don’t think so.” 
“The water feels wonderful. Please come and enjoy it with me.” 
“Turn around.” 
Leon chuckled softly then turned around. 
Jacob quickly took his clothes off and slowly entered the water. The water was warm and felt good. What in the hell am I doing? he thought. 
Leon turned around and smiled at Jacob. “See, I told you the water felt great.” 
“It does.” Jacob stayed at the side. “I am sorry that I stumbled upon you and Ecstasy here. It wasn’t my intention to spy on you. I was just exploring the island.” 
“You needn’t apologize. Ecstasy just loves to be watched, especially when he is having sex. I don’t mind it either, though I have to admit I would rather do such things in private.” 
Jacob looked up, Leon was so close to him that he was almost touching him. 
“Don’t be afraid of what you feel right now. I am very attracted to you too.” Leon smiled. 
“I…” Jacob felt a surge of desire deluge his body. If Leon touched him now…
Leon moved closer he wanted to kiss Jacob. Ecstasy was the only man Leon felt safe around, felt extreme desire for. But Jacob felt safe and that look of innocence in his eyes was very attractive to Leon. 
“I…don’t know,” Jacob whispered. Leon pressed his naked body against Jacob. He could feel Jacob’s hard cock rubbing up against his leg. He was a bit startled when Jacob grabbed his hair and pulled him even closer. Jacob’s kiss was intense.
Jacob wasn’t able to stop himself. He kissed Leon with all the lust he felt for him. Leon’s lips were softer and tasted better than he imagined they would. Jacob felt Leon’s hand on his cock slowly stroking. His orgasm ripped through quickly, yet he couldn’t stop kissing Leon. He wanted more. He groaned when Leon wrapped his legs around Jacob’s waist tightly, pressing himself snuggly against Jacob. 
Jacob could feel Leon’s cock pressing into his belly. All he could really think about was holding this fiery kiss. However, soon he realized he was actually kissing a guy. He tried to pull away afraid of the intensity of his lust and fear. Leon just held on tighter and captured Jacob’s lips again. 
“Your lips taste so good,” Leon purred before he drove his tongue into Jacob’s mouth. 
Jacob grabbed handfuls of Leon’s hair and intensified his kiss. His cock rubbed up against Leon. His mind spun from desire. He wanted more, but he couldn’t take more, he was too afraid to. 
They held their passionate kiss for a while. Jacob finally broke free of the kiss.
“I can’t…” Jacob’s breathing was rapid. His body ached for more, but his mind thought what he was doing was wrong. 
“Why deny yourself. You can have me if you want.” Leon kissed Jacob’s neck and he pressed his body harder against Jacob.
“I can’t allow myself to go any further. I am not…gay. I adore women, damn it.” 
Leon sat up, this forced Jacob’s cock to nuzzle between Leon’s ass cheeks. “Ecstasy adores women too. But he doesn’t turn away from his desire for men either.” 
“But Ecstasy is your lover, how can he adore women?” 
“He does adore women and often times will seek out the company of women. I however, am gay and only desire men.” 
Leon captured Jacobs’s lips again. Jacob couldn’t stop the moan that escaped. 
“Your cock is so hard, don’t you want to take me?” Leon purred as he licked Jacob’s lips. This feeling was new to Leon. He never took the lead in sex. Ecstasy always did. The only other sex he ever had before Ecstasy was forced upon him. Now here he was trying to guide Jacob. 
“I don’t know what to do. I don’t know if I can do anything more.” 
Leon climbed off of Jacob and got out of the water. He laid out on the blanket he and Ecstasy had brought with them.  “Come here.” 
Jacob was compelled to go to Leon. He slowly climbed out of the water and went over to Leon. He sat down on the blanket. He felt Leon’s hands on his body.
“Lay down,” Leon said.
Jacob slowly laid back. He froze when Leon started kissing down his stomach. The closer Leon got to his cock the harder Jacob’s cock became. The instant Leon’s lips touch his cock his orgasm hit him. “Oh damn…I …” 
“Shh…” Leon purred. He took Jacob’s cock into his mouth and instantly Jacob’s cock grew hard in his mouth. 
Jacob bit his finger trying to stop himself from coming too early again. But Leon’s mouth felt so good. Jacob looked down and watched Leon suck his cock for a brief moment that was all it took for Jacob to orgasm again.
Leon kissed back up Jacob’s chest.  Jacob grabbed Leon and rolled him over so now Leon was lying on his back.  Jacob couldn’t think about what he was about to do. The only thing he could think of was giving this beautiful man pleasure. He positioned his head between Leon’s legs and took Leon’s cock into his mouth. It tasted clean, and felt smooth yet hard. He sucked harder taking more and more of Leon’s cock into his mouth until he could feel it hitting the back of his throat. His gag reflex kicked in. He felt somewhat embarrassed by this.
Leon gently stroked Jacob’s hair. “It’s okay, this feels so good. Take only what you can handle of my cock into your mouth.” 
Jacob let his mouth slide up and down Leon’s cock, each time Leon would moan it only made Jacob suck harder and faster. 
“I am going to come soon,” Leon moaned. “If you don’t want to swallow my cum you better take my cock out of your mouth now.” 
Jacob wanted to taste Leon’s cum. He sucked faster and faster until he felt Leon’s cum splash at the back of his throat. It tasted somewhat salty that was all. He held Leon’s cock in his mouth until he was sure Leon had stopped coming. 
“That was wonderful,” Leon cooed as he stroked Jacob’s hair. “Come here.” 
Jacob moved up Leon’s body until he was able to kiss Leon. They laid there kissing each other for quite some time. 
“What in the hell?” 
Leon quickly sat up upon hearing Ecstasy’s voice. 
“I thought you weren’t into guys, Jacob.” 
Jacob quickly sat up and reached for his pants. 
“Where do you think you are going?” Ecstasy grabbed Jacob’s pants and held them away from him.
“Ecstasy, what are you doing?” Leon asked. 
“Did he fuck you Leon?”
“No.” 
Ecstasy threw Jacob’s pants toward the trail. He quickly pulled off his pants then grabbed Leon. He slowly laid down taking Leon with him. He pinned Leon under him. “What did you do with him?” Ecstasy said as he positioned his cock at the opening of Leon’s ass. 
Jacob started to get up. 
Ecstasy reached over and pulled Jacob back down to a seated position. “Where the fuck do you think you are going? I want you to watch as I fuck my lover.” 
“Ecstasy…” Leon said, surprised by Ecstasy’s strange behavior. 
“I come down here and you have obviously been fucking this asshole.” Ecstasy glared down at Leon, the moment he saw the fear creep into Leon’s eyes he got off of him. “I am sorry.” He pulled Leon into his arms. “Get out of here,” he growled at Jacob.
Jacob hurried to the trail and quickly put on his pants. 
“I am so sorry, Leon. I just saw you lying with him and I got jealous.” 
“It’s okay. You don’t need to be jealous. I will only love you.” 
“Then why are you…never mind, how can I say such a thing to you when you have no problem with me being with other people. It’s just that I thought I was the only man you felt safe enough to make love to.” 
“You are the only man I will make love to. Jacob’s lust for me turned me on. I wasn’t afraid of him. He was so afraid of his desire for me. I just wanted to show him that it was okay. I am sorry if I made you jealous.” 
“Don’t apologize, I was being an ass. If you want to be with him that is okay. Just promise me that you will only share my bed at night. I want to wake up with you in my arms.” 
“I promise. I love waking up in your arms.” Leon smiled. 
Ecstasy slowly laid Leon down again and proceeded to make gentle love to him. 

***

Jacob paced around his room. His mind was spinning. He let a guy suck his cock, what was worse he sucked a guy’s cock.  He couldn’t stop himself. The fear that he may be gay shook him. He heard his cell phone ring and he hurried over to answer it.
“Hello, Rose is that you?” Jacob said in a rush.
“What’s wrong?” Rose asked. 
“Nothing really, what’s up?” 
“Jacob, I can hear it in your voice something is wrong. Now tell me what it is?” 
“I don’t know if I can tell you.” 
“It’s something about Leon isn’t it?” 
“How…did you know?” 
“You were so freaked out about it the last time you called me.” 
“Rose, I am afraid that I might be gay. I was with him an hour or so ago. I didn’t want it to happen, but I couldn’t stop myself.” 
“Will you stop beating yourself up over a little experimentation. I was with Jade today and I am not getting all freaked out over it. You love women, Jacob. I have seen you chase them every time you get a chance. So I doubt you are gay and if you were I wouldn’t care. Isn’t that why Master Drake has paying guests so they can explore their sexuality?  Nobody is going to think twice about what you do there. So relax.” 
“Thank you, Rose.” Jacob felt his fears melt away. “There is something else.” 
“What is it?” 
“I feel like such an intruder here. I mean Master Drake and his pets live this kind of lifestyle and his guests as you have stated are here to explore their sexuality. I feel like I am intruding on all of this, like somehow me being here is wrong.” 
“Has Master Drake been rude to you?” 
“On the contrary he has been very hospitable. He has given me free reign to explore the island and doesn’t hesitate to answer my questions.”
“If you feel that uncomfortable why don’t you just go home?” 
“I can’t, I promise I would help you so I will see this through.” 
“Jacob…” Rose was silent for a moment. “To be honest I am starting to feel strange being here with Master Nikolai. What I am doing is worse than what you are. At least Master Drake knows you are there researching a story.” 
“Are you okay?” 
“I find myself being drawn more into Nikolai’s world. He keeps leading me further and further in his lifestyle. I find myself wanting to obey his every command, like I’m giving over control to him. And you know me I don’t like following anyone’s orders. With him though…” 
“Rose, maybe you should just go home. I will come and get you if you need me to.” 
“No, I will see this through. We have come so far for our story. If you are willing to stay at Master Drake’s I will stay with Nikolai.” 
“Rose, I am starting to get worried about you. What if after the month is over you can’t leave Nikolai?” 
“I will worry about that later. Besides you said you would come and get me.” 
“I will anytime you need.” 
“And if you need to talk to me you can call me anytime. You know that don’t you?” 
“I know, Rose.” 
Jacob felt so much better after talking with Rose. And he had a feeling she was using him as an anchor. He was glad she was doing this. She couldn’t let herself be dragged too far in Nikolai’s world. Nikolai must really have a dominant presence about him if he could dominate a strong woman like Rose. Master Drake had a very strong dominant presence as well. And God knows just that brief meeting with Master Dante was all Jacob needed to know how dominant Dante was. 
Jacob sat down on his bed and started to wonder what it would be like to be such a man. He has never been the alpha male of anything, nor did he really want to be. It just wasn’t in his nature. Still, to command such respect simply by the way you carry yourself must be such a rush. 
Jacob looked to the door when it just opened up. His heart started pounding seeing Rage standing there. Rage was a most intimidating looking man. He had to stand at least six-foot-six. His short dark hair and piercing dark eyes added to his aggressive look, not to mention he was nothing but a solid wall of muscle.
“Master wants to see you,” Rage growled as he entered the room. He slammed the door behind him. “But first I want to play with you for a moment.” 
“I don’t think so.” Jacob stood up and headed toward the other side of the room.
“Oh come on, I want to spank that young tight ass of yours until you beg me to stop.”  Rage started to move closer, but then quickly turned around when the door opened again. 
“Rage, how many times do I have to tell you not to force yourself on the guests?” 
“But Master, this innocent little thing isn’t really a regular guest.” 
“Rage, go to your room, there is a delicate little woman who is begging for you to tie her up and spank her.” 
“Mmmm,” Rage purred, then hurried from the room. 
“Rage won’t touch you.” 
“Thank you, Sir.” 
“Now follow me.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
Jacob followed Master Drake down the hall and to a large room at the end of it. 
“This is mine and Jessica’s chamber. Go sit down on the bed. I will be back in a moment.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
Jacob looked over the large chamber. “Nice,” he said as he sat down on the large bed. Everything in this room was so elegant and classy. He could see the feminine touches intertwining with the very masculine room. 
His attention was drawn to the door when it slowly opened. Master Drake was gently coaxing Leon to come into the room. Ecstasy was right behind Leon. 
“What is your desire, Master?” Ecstasy said as he glared over at Jacob. 
“I am intrigued by what you told me earlier, Ecstasy. I wish to watch Leon and Jacob together.” 
“Why do I have to be here, Master?” Ecstasy asked. 
“I want you to watch.” 
Ecstasy looked up at Drake in surprise. “Yes Master,” he said quietly. 
“Hey wait a minute,” Jacob said as he quickly stood up. 
Drake walked over to Jacob. “You don’t look upon me or Ecstasy with lust in your eyes, for that matter none of my male pets has sparked your desire, and yet Leon ignites your passion. Come here, Leon. What intrigues me even further is Leon’s desire for you. He has never let any of my pets or me be with him. I believe it’s your innocence that attracts Leon.” Drake gently ran his hand down the length of Leon’s hair. “Am I correct, Leon?” 
“Yes Master Drake.” 
“And you Jacob, are enthralled by Leon’s beauty.” Drake smiled when Jacob quickly looked away. “You said you wanted to know about our lifestyle. Well since most of my pets love being with my guests as much as I do, this is part of our lifestyle. Watching people explore their sexuality really turns me on.” Drake watched Jacob. “Tell me Jacob, do you like to watch others have sex? Almost everyone on this island does.” Drake walked over to a large chair and sat down. “Ecstasy, come to me.” 
“Yes Master.” Ecstasy walked over to Drake and sat on the floor beside him. 
Jacob slowly glanced up and saw Leon looking at him. That smile on Leon’s face was intoxicating—hell everything about Leon was intoxicating.
 “Nobody is going to think twice about what you do there. So relax.” Rose’s words echoed in his mind. 
“Explore each other. Leon wants to be with you, Jacob. Enjoy each other.” Drake lightly petted Ecstasy. “It is alright, my favorite,” he whispered to Ecstasy. 
Jacob couldn’t move. He felt Leon’s hands running up his chest. His cock became instantly hard. 
“I want you,” Leon said softly.
Jacob couldn’t stop himself, he pulled Leon over to him and kissed him. He could feel Leon’s hands caressing his back as they held their kiss. 
Ecstasy looked down to the floor. The jealousy he felt was almost overwhelming. 
“He watches you with others all the time, Ecstasy. Do you really want to deny him this new pleasure he has discovered?” Drake watched as Leon laid Jacob down on the bed as they continued to kiss. “He wants you to watch. He is hoping that you will take pleasure from this. As I am sure he has when he watches you with other people.” Drake continued to stroke Ecstasy’s long pale blond hair. 
“I know what you are trying to say, Master. But it is hard to watch him take pleasure from anyone that isn’t me.” Ecstasy locked eyes with Leon for a brief moment. That look in Leon’s eyes turned Ecstasy on and cooled his jealousy. 
Leon quickly removed his pants then Jacob’s. He lay on top of Jacob and slowly moved his hips back and forth, rubbing his cock against Jacob’s.
At this moment Jacob didn’t care that he was with a man or that two other men were watching them. Leon continued to rub his cock against Jacob until Jacob was close to orgasm then he slid down Jacob’s body. His silky hair brushed across Jacob’s cock. Leon slowly took Jacob’s cock into his mouth. 
“Slowly…slowly I don’t want to come yet,” Jacob whispered. 
Leon leisurely sucked on Jacob’s cock. Jacob tried not to look at Leon, but he couldn’t stop himself. He watched Leon suck his cock for just a moment then he came. Leon started to get up. Jacob reached down and grabbed a hold of Leon’s arms pulling him up to him. 
Drake placed his hand on Ecstasy’s shoulder keeping him from rushing over to Leon. “He is fine,” Drake said quietly. 
Jacob laid Leon on the bed then proceeded to kiss all over the front of Leon’s body. His hands followed his kisses wanting to feel as much of Leon’s silky skin as he could. 
Ecstasy reached over and unzipped Drake’s pants then pulled them from his body. He positioned himself between Drake’s legs and started to suck Drake’s cock. Drake ran his fingers through Ecstasy’s silky hair enjoying the talent of his favorite pet’s mouth as he continued to watch Leon and Jacob. Jacob was hungrily sucking on Leon’s cock. 
“Ahh,mmm,” Leon purred. 
Ecstasy stopped what he was doing and quickly looked over to Leon. That look of pleasure on his face made Ecstasy’s cock grow even harder. Ecstasy went back to sucking Drake’s huge cock. He loved the feel of his Master’s cock in his mouth. 
Drake watched as Leon came. Jacob looked unsure of what to do now. 
“Let Leon fuck you or fuck Leon,” Drake said. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back as Ecstasy brought him to a most wonderful orgasm. 
Jacob crawled back up Leon’s body until he could capture Leon’s lips again. He was surprised when someone pulled his hair forcing his head to arch back. 
“I want to taste my lover in your mouth,” Ecstasy said as he plunged his tongue into Jacob’s mouth   Ecstasy’s kiss was deep and full of such passion, his tongue exploring all of Jacob’s mouth. Jacob felt his cock harden again. He could hear Drake calling out for his pet Affection. Then he felt Leon’s body move from under him then Leon pressed against Jacob’s back as he held his kiss with Ecstasy. 
Jacob couldn’t catch his breath when Ecstasy pulled away from him. Ecstasy pressed his body firmly against Jacob as he grabbed a hold of Leon’s hair pulling him closer. Jacob was sandwich between both of the men. 
“Ecstasy,” Leon purred as Ecstasy kissed him. 
Jacob could feel Leon’s body tremble.
“You are trembling.” Ecstasy smiled at Leon. 
Ecstasy looked down at Jacob. “I am going to fuck you.” Ecstasy smiled. 
Jacob couldn’t say no. He felt Leon move away then Ecstasy slowly laid Jacob down. Jacob could hear a woman moaning loudly. He looked over and saw that Drake was fucking the hell out of Affection. He watched her big breasts bounce up and down each time Drake thrust hard into her. His attention quickly went back to Ecstasy when he felt Ecstasy spread lube over Jacob’s asshole. 
“Wait…” Jacob said. 
“Why?” Ecstasy rubbed the lube over his cock. 
“I don’t know if I want to…” 
“Ecstasy, let Jacob up,” Drake said. “Go to him my pet.” He caressed Affection’s cheek.
“Yes Master,” Affection said, winded. She just loved it when Master rode her hard. 
Ecstasy climbed off of Jacob then grabbed Leon and gently laid him down next to Jacob. Ecstasy took a moment to lube Leon’s ass up good then he slowly eased his cock into Leon’s ass. Ecstasy reached over and slowly moved Jacob’s head so now he was facing Leon. He did the same to Leon. Leon captured Jacob’s lips with his own. 
Jacob felt Affection sheathed his cock with her pussy. He reached up one hand and cupped one of her breasts. He continued to kiss Leon as Affection expertly rode his cock. He didn’t want to come, oh please not yet. He felt Leon moan in his mouth then pull away. That look of pleasure on Leon’s face, oh damn…Jacob roared out his orgasm then grabbed a handful of Leon’s hair and pulled him back to him. He wanted to be tasting Leon’s lips when Leon came. Leon moaned deeply and tried to pull away again, Jacob held tightly onto Leon’s hair. He wanted to taste Leon when he came, damn it. His lips devoured Leon’s lips, his tongue danced in Leon’s mouth. He could feel Affection soft caress then her mouth on his cock. 
Please come Leon, hurry, hurry, he thought as Affection quickly brought him to the edge of an amazing orgasm. 
Leon moaned again then softly bit Jacob’s tongue as he came. Jacob deepened his kiss when his orgasm hit, he devoured Leon’s mouth with his hot kisses as his orgasm ebbed. 
Jacob released Leon then looked up to Affection. She was smiling down at him. 
“Damn, your lust for Leon is turning me on,” she purred. 
“Come here, Affection,” Drake bellowed. 
“Yes Master.” 
Ecstasy pulled his cock out and came all over Leon’s stomach. 
“Ecstasy come here,” Drake said as he held Affection’s head to his balls. 
Ecstasy climbed out of the bed and went to Drake.
“Suck my cock,” Drake growled. 
Jacob looked over to Leon as Leon ran his fingers over the cum Ecstasy shot all over his stomach. He brought his fingers up to his mouth and licked his fingers clean. 
Jacob didn’t know what possessed him to start licking Ecstasy’s cum off Leon’s stomach. 
“Yes,” Leon purred. When Jacob finish licking up Ecstasy’s cum Leon gently urged Jacob to suck his cock again. 
“Yesss!!” Drake thundered. He pulled both Ecstasy and Affection up to him. He kissed them both. “You may go, Affection. You have pleased me.” 
“Thank you, Master.” She smiled then hurried from the room. 
Drake stood up and grabbed a hold of Ecstasy. He bent Ecstasy over the chair. After he lubed his cock up he rammed his cock into Ecstasy’s ass. 
“Yes…” Leon moaned as he watched Drake fuck Ecstasy. “Faster…oh faster,” he moaned to Jacob. Leon arched his back up as he came. Jacob sucked every last drop of come from Leon’s cock.  He looked down and saw Jacob slowly sitting up with a disturbed look on his face. 
Leon sat up and cupped Jacob’s face. “What’s wrong?” 
“I…” Jacob felt his body tremble, his emotions overwhelming him. How could he do this? 
“You have done nothing wrong,” Leon whispered in his ear. He gently caressed Jacob’s hair. “Come with me.” Leon grabbed Jacob’s hand and led him into Drake’s bathing chamber. 
“I was taught that being with another man this way is wrong,” Jacob said as he sank to the ground. 
“It isn’t wrong.” Leon helped Jacob back up to his feet. He guided him to a large bathtub that was already filled with nice warm water. “Please bathe with me.” Leon climbed into the bath tub and helped Jacob to do the same. Leon sat between Jacob’s legs and leaned back into his body. “Hold me to you.” 
“Rose told me not to get all upset over this, but I am finding it hard not to.” 
“That’s okay, if being with me upsets you so much I will stay away from you.” 
“No…I have never been this attracted to another man before. I came to terms with my desire for you. I just don’t want…” 
“Other people watching.” 
“Yes.” 
“Ecstasy has to obey his Master—he wants to obey his Master. When Master Drake asked us to be with him and you, Ecstasy naturally obeyed him. I enjoy being with you so I agreed. All you have to do is to talk with Master Drake. He never wants any guest to do what really makes them uncomfortable.” 
“Do you have sex with Master Drake?” 
“No, I am still not comfortable around him enough to have sex with him. I have slept in the same bed as him when Ecstasy has and I let Master Drake hold me, but that is as far as it went.” 
“Are you comfortable around any of Drake’s pets?” 
“I am not afraid of the women, but as I said I am gay so I am not attracted to the women.” 
“Why are you afraid?” 
“It’s a long story…let’s just say I was held as a slave against my will for more years than I care to remember. Master Rapture bought me from the slave trader Falcon. When we came to visit Master Drake, Rapture’s former Master, I was beyond afraid. But there was something about Ecstasy…I fell in love with him quickly. I love him beyond words to describe.” 
“Then why don’t you two move off the island and be together exclusively?” 
“Ecstasy doesn’t want to leave Master Drake. He loves his Master very much. You have to understand their lifestyle. I am not jealous when Ecstasy is with his Master or with the guests. It brings him pleasure that is all that matters to me.” 
“I am trying to understand this lifestyle. I want to know the truth for me and Rose’s book. But it is hard to understand.” 
“You were not meant to live this lifestyle. I doubt very much that you will be with another man once you leave this island. I see you marrying a nice woman and having several children.” 
“You can see that, huh?” 
“Yes.” Leon chuckled. “It’s the lifestyle that suits you. I don’t really know if I want a Master. If I did it would be Ecstasy. However I believe both me and Ecstasy are the submissive type. Ecstasy is very happy with his Master and with me. So, I don’t really want to change anything. I am very happy the way my life is now.” Leon shifted a little so he could look into Jacob’s eyes. “Enjoy yourself while you are here.” He smiled up at Jacob.
Jacob leaned over and started to kiss Leon. 





Chapter Four

 After his morning shower Jacob stared in his bathing room mirror. “Why do they all say I have a look of innocence about me?” He studied his face carefully. He ran his fingers through his short brown hair. He looked closely at his facial features. His warm brown eyes did look innocent. Jacob smiled at the irony of that, all this time he thought of himself as a little rough looking. When he smiled he had the cutest dimples. 
“You are like a cute little puppy dog, Jacob.”  Rose would always say when she teased him. 
“I am going to do some serious research today, damn it.” Jacob stared at his reflection. He heard a knock on his door. “Come in,” he shouted as he stared at his reflection. 
“What are you doing?” Leon asked as he entered the bathing chamber.
Jacob looked at Leon’s reflection in the mirror. Leon had to be close to his age and yet Leon’s eyes seemed to tell a story of someone who has been through something awful.
“What is it?” Leon asked, seeing the strange look in Jacob’s eyes. 
“I was just thinking about how all of you keep saying how innocent I look. I wanted to see it for myself. Leon…” 
“You can say anything to me.” 
“You must have been through something really awful. I know you told me that you were forced into slavery…” 
“I don’t like talking about that.” 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.” 
“That’s okay.” Leon smiled at him.
Jacob turned around and just looked at Leon. He reached out and gently grabbed a strand of Leon’s silky hair. “I was going to try and avoid you for a while. I am afraid of the desire you stir in me. But I find myself thinking about you constantly.”  Jacob let the strand of hair slip through his fingers. Jacob let his finger trace Leon’s full lips. Leon licked Jacob’s finger then slowly began to suck on it. 
He slowly pulled his finger away. “I have to look around the island today. I really must do my research.” 
“I will be happy to show you around. That is why I came up here. Master Drake asked me if I would be your guide today.” 
“Alright, I will hurry up and get dressed.” 
Leon walked into Jacob’s chamber and sat down on his bed. Jacob went to his closet and grabbed a pair of shorts and a T-shirt. He turned around and slowly walked over to the bed. His cock grew hard as Leon slowly removed his pants. Jacob dropped the clothes he was carrying and let his towel fall from his body. He reached over and pulled Leon to him. He couldn’t get enough of this man’s kisses, he tasted so damn good. They held their kiss for a while then Leon stepped back. He went over to the nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. 
“Oh, I don’t think I want to have a cock up my ass,” Jacob said.
“I want you to fuck me.” Leon reached over and grabbed Jacob’s cock. He applied the lube to it. Then he went over to the bed and position himself on his hands and knees.  “I want you, Jacob,” Leon purred. 
Jacob slowly walked over and climbed on the bed. He placed his hands on Leon’s hips then he let his hands slide up Leon’s back then back down to his hips. He positioned his cock then slowly eased it into Leon’s ass. “I don’t want to hurt you,” Jacob said quietly.
“You won’t, now fill me with you.” 
Jacob slowly began to thrust going deeper and deeper with each thrust. Leon’s ass was so tight. Leon’s moans encouraged Jacob on. Jacob started counting backwards he wasn’t going to come yet. He watched as Leon use one of his hands to reach under and start to stroke his own cock. 
“No…” Jacob leaned over Leon and reached one of his hands under Leon. He removed Leon’s hand and placed his own on Leon’s cock. Slowly he stroked Leon’s cock as he continued to thrust. 
“Yesss,” Leon hissed. 
“Come, I want to feel you come,” Jacob said as he stroked Leon’s cock harder. He reached his other hand up and grabbed a handful of Leon’s hair. At that moment Leon came. Jacob released Leon’s cock and wrapped his arm around Leon’s waist. He thrust harder and harder as he slowly sat back on his heels, raising Leon up to a sitting position. He held Leon tightly to him as his orgasm started to build.
“Not yet,” Leon said in a rush. He arched his head back and reached up behind him grabbing Jacob’s hair. “Kiss me.” 
Jacob devoured Leon’s lips. His hand grabbing and stroking Leon’s soft hair as his other arm held Leon to him. He just sat there as Leon lightly bounced up and down on his cock. 
“Oh damn…Leon,” Jacob moaned, deepening his kiss. He felt his orgasm build again.
“Not yet,” Leon purred as he kept still for a moment to stop Jacob from coming. 
“Leon…” Jacob growled, capturing Leon’s lips again. He felt Leon start to lightly bounce again. The pleasure of this was immense. Leon forcing him to delay his orgasm only heightened his pleasure. Leon stopped again then after a moment he started to lightly bounce again. Leon did this over and over until Jacob became literally dizzy with pleasure. 
“I need to come…please Leon,” Jacob moaned as he licked Leon’s lips. 
Leon bounced faster and faster. 
Jacob felt the most amazing orgasm he had ever had before start to build and build until he screamed out Leon’s name as his release rocked him. He felt Leon slowly sit up easing Jacob’s cock out of him. 
“That was amazing…fucking amazing,” Jacob said as leaned up against Leon’s back. 
“I will bring something to clean us.” Leon started to get up but Jacob grabbed a hold of him.
“I want you to sit on the headboard of the bed,” Jacob said breathily.
Leon did as he asked. 
“Spread your legs open.” 
Leon slowly opened his legs watching Jacob the whole time. He loved the way Jacob looked at him. Like he was the most delicious piece of forbidden fruit Jacob had ever tasted. 
“I want to make you scream my name,” Jacob said as he got up on his knees then placed his head between Leon’s legs. 
Leon watched as Jacob took such delight in sucking Leon’s cock. Leon grabbed handfuls of Jacob’s hair as he continued to watch Jacob. 
Jacob looked up into Leon’s eyes as he sucked his cock. He could see Leon’s pleasure, now he wanted to hear it.  He took more and more of Leon’s cock into his mouth. He felt himself gag.
“Relax your throat. I want to feel all of my cock in your mouth.” Leon gripped Jacob’s head tighter. Ecstasy was so skilled at every aspect of lovemaking. No one will ever pleasure Leon as good as Ecstasy could.  But watching Jacob let go of his inhibitions was intoxicating. He couldn’t help but wonder if this is what Ecstasy must feel when they made love. Leon watched his cock disappear into Jacob’s mouth. Jacob managed to take Leon’s cock to the hilt down his throat. Leon leaned back and let the pleasure sweep over him. 
“Look at me,” Jacob said as Leon’s cock popped from his mouth. 
Leon looked back down at Jacob. Their eyes stayed locked as Jacob continued to suck Leon’s cock. Leon felt his orgasm build. 
“Don’t look away,” Jacob said quickly.
Leon ran his fingers through Jacob’s hair. His orgasm slowly started to build again. He kept his eyes locked with Jacob’s. “Oh…mmmm…” 
“Say my name,” Jacob said, gripping the base of Leon’s cock stopping his orgasm. Then he started to suck Leon’s cock again. 
Leon reached back and grabbed the bar that was placed over the bed. He thrust his cock in Jacob’s mouth as he kept his eyes locked with Jacob’s. 
“Ahhh…please…” Leon moaned as his orgasm built again. “Please don’t stop.” 
Jacob slowed his sucking a little hoping to keep Leon on the edge of bliss for just a moment longer.
“Please…” Leon moaned louder. 
Jacob sped up his sucking all the while keeping his gaze on Leon’s beautiful face. 
“Yes….” Leon’s orgasm built more and more. “Jacob!!” Leon cried out as his orgasm finally exploded. 
“Yes,” Jacob murmured as he sucked every drop of cum from Leon’s cock. Slowly he let Leon’s cock popped from his mouth. He could feel Leon’s hands stroking his hair as he basked in the afterglow of his orgasm. 
“That was so good,” Leon purred. 
“Now we can get ready to explore the island.” Jacob kissed the head of Leon’s cock then climbed out of bed. 

***

Leon showed Jacob every room of the mansion then headed outside. Leon reached back and grabbed a hold of Jacob’s hand as he led him down to the guests’ huts.
“This is where male guests stay,” Leon said as they walked pass a group of huts.
“How many male guests are there?” Jacob asked. 
“Ecstasy said there were ten males and six females this time. Master Drake usually has about twenty guests at a time, sometimes more.” 
“He and his pets tend to all of these guests?” 
“Sometimes. The guests are free to have sex with each other as well.” 
Jacob felt Leon pull on his arm hard leading him to the side of one of the huts.
“What’s wrong?” Jacob asked.
“Rage…” Leon sounded so frightened.
Jacob placed Leon behind him and peeked out. Rage just stood in the middle of the path. A very small man slowly walked over to him. Rage threw the man over his shoulder and walked back up the path.
“He’s gone.” 
Leon stepped out from behind Jacob. “I don’t like Rage. He frightens me, but more so he desires Ecstasy and tries everything to get Ecstasy in his room. Rage once showed me a picture of an angel tied to a wooden stake. The angel was naked and obviously been whipped, next to the angel stood a demon with an erection holding a whip. He told me the angel was Ecstasy and he of course was the demon. He said he was going to tie me up and make me watch him beat Ecstasy. Anyways, every time Rage gets me alone he tells me these things.” 
“What an asshole. You should tell Master Drake about that.” 
“Ecstasy has asked me not to say anything. He doesn’t want to worry his Master. He said he will take care of Rage.” 
“What’s wrong?” Jacob asked seeing a deep sadness come to Leon’s eyes. 
“I think Ecstasy does go to Rage to get him to leave me alone. I saw whip marks on Ecstasy’s back once, they weren’t bad and healed overnight. When I asked him what happened he just said that his Master did that. I know Master Drake would never use a whip on Ecstasy. That’s why I avoid Rage whenever I can.” Leon grabbed Jacob’s hand and led him down another path. 
They soon came upon another group of huts. 
“I remember these,” Jacob said. “The dock is just beyond those trees, right?” 
“Yes. These huts are for the female guests.” Leon led Jacob over to a stone bench that was by a large flowerbed.
Jacob sat next to Leon. A few moments later about five women came out of their huts. They looked very excited over something. 
“What’s going on?” Jacob asked.
“I don’t know.” 
Soon Master Drake came in view followed by Ecstasy and Shadow. Three of the five women rushed up to Master Drake. He gently ran his hands down each woman’s hair. Jacob watched as three of the women rushed up toward the mansion. He couldn’t quite make out what Drake said. The two women left standing next to a decorative pond looked shyly away from Drake as he walked over to them.
“Ecstasy looks so beautiful,” Leon whispered. He smiled when Ecstasy looked over to him. Ecstasy smiled warmly back. 
“Ladies, I am curious to know why you have kept yourselves hidden from me and my pets?” 
“Sorry Master…it’s just…” one of the women stammered. 
The other one didn’t say anything. He watched the women for a moment. He saw one stealing glances at Shadow and the other at Ecstasy. He reached out and ran his fingers through both women’s hair.
“I have brought my two most beautiful male pets for you to enjoy. What’s your name?” he asked the smaller woman.
“Stacy.” 
“Stacy, Shadow will keep you company this afternoon.” 
Shadow walked over to the woman. “Please follow me.” He smiled at her and offered her his arm. She shyly placed her hand on his arm then he led her back toward the mansion.
“What’s your name?” 
“Amanda,” she quietly said.
Jacob looked at the young lady, she looked so delicate. Jacob started to wonder why she was here.
“Amanda, Ecstasy will keep you company.” 
“He is so…perfect…beautiful…I don’t deserve such a man.” 
“Why don’t you think you deserve him?” Drake asked. 
“My Master…he said that I was not worthy.” 
“Shh.” Drake gently took the woman into his arms. “He sent you here didn’t he?” 
“Yes, he said I needed to learn how to have sex better to please him.” 
Jacob saw the anger flicker in Drake’s eyes.
“You are very beautiful.” Drake smiled down at her. 
“I would be honor to be with you,” Ecstasy added. 
Drake slowly removed his arms from her.
“You would?” she said shyly.
“Of course, what man wouldn’t want to be with such a beauty.” 
Amanda slowly walked over to Ecstasy and timidly placed her hand on his chest. “You are the most beautiful man I have ever seen. I am afraid I will disappoint you.” 
“I doubt that.” Ecstasy grabbed her hand and led her up the path to the mansion. 
Jacob saw Jessica walk down the path, she headed right toward Drake. “What has your eyes dancing like this?” She smiled up to him. 
“Ecstasy…” Drake pulled Jessica into his arms. “I am so proud of him.” 
“Why?” Jessica loved that look in Drake’s eyes. 
“He reached out and helped that woman. He has never done that before with a guest. I was going to try and talk that shy little thing into being with him. Ecstasy did it himself. You know normally he just waits for me to make the guests feel at ease.” 
Jessica looked over and saw Leon and Jacob then turned her attention back to Drake. “I think you have Leon to thank for Ecstasy’s new attitude,” she whispered in Drake’s ear.  She stepped out of Drake’s embrace and walked over to Leon and Jacob. Drake was right behind her.
“I see Leon is doing a good job of showing you around,” Drake said. 
“Yes, he is.” 
“Drake, I would like to speak with Jacob alone for a moment,” Jessica said. 
“Of course, sweet Jessica. Leon, come with me for a moment.” 
“Yes Master Drake.” 
“You can meet back up with Jacob at the house.” 
Jessica sat down next to Jacob. He was dreading this moment. After all, Jessica was the one he tried to interview in Hawaii. She didn’t seem to like him all that much. 
“Drake was gracious enough to allow you to come on his island. I hope you will be gracious enough to respect our privacy.” 
“I have already told him I won’t use anyone’s name. Like I told him I am more of a photographer than a reporter. I left my cameras at home.” 
“Good. Ecstasy was right, the woman was the real reporter. Rose is her name right?” 
“Yes” 
“She is more than your boss isn’t she?” 
“Yes, she is my best friend.” 
“You better keep an eye on her. Master Nikolai is a very charming man. I met him only once and he left quite an impression on me. She is going to be there for what a month or two?” 
“A month.” 
“She may not want to leave him after that long. Every person that has met Master Nikolai is quite taken by him.” 
“I am worried Rose won’t want to leave. I promised her I would come and get her and I will no matter what.” 
“She is lucky to have such a good friend.” 
“I am sorry we lied to you in Hawaii. Rose was planning on going to Nikolai’s home and didn’t want him to know she was a reporter.” 
“It’s alright as long as you keep your word and respect Drake and his pets’ privacy.” 
“I will, I promise.” 
“What about you?” 
“What about me?” 
“You seem to be quite enamored with Leon.” 
“I will be fine.” 
“From what Drake has told me you seem like a nice person. I just want you to remember that Leon loves Ecstasy very much. He would never leave Ecstasy. So what you two share will only be while you are here.” 
“I understand.” 
“You should really let yourself explore your sexuality while you are here. I heard Leon is the first man you have ever been with.” 
“Yes,” Jacob said quietly.
“You don’t want to be with any other of Drake’s male pets do you?” 
“No.” 
“What is it about Leon then?” 
“I don’t really know. He is just so beautiful, yet so delicate almost like a woman. His lips are so tempting and that silky hair…” Jacob quickly looked away from Jessica. 
“It is alright. Drake finds Leon very attractive too for the same reasons you do.  You are the first person other than Ecstasy that Leon has wanted to be with.” Jessica stood up. “Let’s go back to the house. You don’t want to keep Leon waiting.” 
“Wait, one question.” 
“What is it?” 
“Would you ever want Master Drake to give up his pets and be with only you?” 
“No, he needs them as much as they need him. Besides, I love all his pets too.” 
Jessica walked with Jacob up to the house. She stopped abruptly which caused Jacob to stop too. He looked up on the porch and saw Leon sitting on Drake’s lap. He was telling Drake something which was obviously making Drake angry.
Jessica held out her arm to stop Jacob from moving. “Wait,” she whispered. 
They watched Drake stroke Leon’s hair as Leon nuzzled up to him. Drake looked up and saw Jessica and Jacob standing there. 
Jessica started to walk to him. Jacob was right behind her. 
“Leon, I will take care of it now you better finish showing Jacob around.” 
“Yes Master Drake.” Leon climbed off of Drake’s lap. He went to Jacob and grabbed his hand and led him down another path.
Jessica sat down by Drake’s feet.  “What’s wrong?” she asked as she nuzzled to his leg. 
“I wanted to give Leon something. He has helped Ecstasy grow so much. Leon wanted for Rage to leave Ecstasy alone. But he asked me to promise not to tell Ecstasy that he told me. That was the only thing Leon wanted.” 
“What are you going to do?” 
“After I have calmed down a bit, and Rage is done entertaining the guest he is with, I am going to tie him to a wall and leave him there all night. In the morning I am going to tell him to either leave Ecstasy and Leon alone or he will force me to make him leave.” 
“Drake…” 
“No one touches my Ecstasy. And I have told all of them to leave Leon alone.” 
“Leon looked so relaxed cradled in your lap. He normally is a bit tense.” 
“I know…I think we have Jacob to thank for that.” 
Jessica laid her head on Drake’s leg and he gently stroked her hair. 

***

“Maybe Master Drake will let me show you to the other side of the island. You must meet Beauty and Passion, they are very kind,” Leon said as he and Jacob headed up the stairs to the house. Leon showed Jacob all around the parts of the island that he knew. 
“Thank you for showing me around,” Jacob said.
“It was my pleasure.” 
They headed into the house, the muffled sounds of a woman moaning softly echoed through the foyer. Jacob looked around curious to see where it was coming from. He saw Leon slowly walking over to the glass wall that looked out over the pool. 
Jacob walked over to him. That look of sheer desire in Leon’s eyes was turning Jacob on. He looked at what Leon was looking at. Ecstasy was sitting on a chaise with Amanda riding his cock. That look of sheer ecstasy on her face was amazing.
“That is why Master Drake named him Ecstasy,” Leon whispered.  Leon slowly slid open the door and quietly walked out. Jacob just stood by the open door. He couldn’t take his eyes off Leon. That look, that sexy fucking look on Leon’s face, coupled with Amanda’s moans was driving him crazy.
“Yes!” Amanda cried. Ecstasy held her to him as he sucked on her nipple. He placed his feet on the ground then started to raise his hips up driving his cock into her. Her body trembled as he brought her to orgasm after orgasm. 
Ecstasy reached for a lever on the side of the chaise. The back of the chaise slowly lowered. He reached up his hands and grabbed the top of the chaise as he continued to thrust his cock into her. 
“Ride my cock,” Ecstasy moaned. He closed his eyes enjoying the sensations she was bringing him.
“You are so beautiful,” she whispered as she moved her hands over his chest. She used her legs to move up and down, desperately wanting to bring him to orgasm. “So beautiful.” She brought her hand to his face and ran her finger’s over his lush lips. 
Ecstasy arched up when his orgasm engulfed him. He moaned loudly much to Amanda’s delight. 
She slowly climbed off of him. “Please let me caress you.” 
Ecstasy sat up and climbed out of the chaise. He walked over to one of the padded stone benches. “How do you want me?” His voice was so sexy it made her tremble. 
“Lay on your stomach.” 
He did as she asked. She slowly started to massage his back. “Thank you for this afternoon.” 
“Mmm, it was my pleasure,” he purred. 
Jacob watched as Leon slowly walked over to Ecstasy. Amanda looked up at Leon. He just smiled down at her. He watched as she caressed Ecstasy’s body. 
“You will have to go back to your hut soon and ready yourself for dinner,” Ecstasy said.
“Thank you again.” She kissed up his back. 
“If you want to be with me again, let my Master know.” 
“I will.” She wrapped a robe around herself then quickly left. 
Ecstasy started to get up but he felt someone start to massage his back. “Leon,” he purred. 
“I want you now,” Leon said with such urgency to his voice it made Ecstasy’s cock hard. 
Ecstasy rolled over and looked up at Leon. Ecstasy groaned when Leon took his cock into his mouth. Leon sucked feverishly. Ecstasy grabbed Leon’s hair and wrapped it around his wrist. He held Leon’s hair tightly and guided Leon’s head. “Yesss,” Ecstasy growled, lifting his hips up, wanting to thrust his cock into Leon’s mouth. 
Jacob couldn’t stop watching. His cock was rock hard. He wanted to grab Leon and take him right now.
“Leon,” Ecstasy moaned as he bobbed Leon’s head on his cock. “More, fuck more, suck my cock harder, yessss oh fuck yes.” 
The sucking sounds Leon made were driving Jacob mad. He bit his lip to keep himself from groaning. 
“AHHH, yes, yes!!” Ecstasy cried out.  He pulled Leon’s hair, removing Leon’s mouth from his cock. “Come here,” Ecstasy growled, pulling Leon up to him. He laid Leon down then slid down Leon’s body. He flicked his tongue over the head of Leon’s cock. “I am going to make you scream.” 
Jacob couldn’t stand it anymore. He unzipped his pants and reached his hand inside. He started to stroke his cock, wanting to ease his aching need. Jacob watched that look of sheer pleasure wash over Leon’s face. Ecstasy was keeping Leon on the edge of bliss.
“Ecstasy…” Leon barely got out. He reached his hands up and grabbed the edge of the bench tightly.  “Oh God, Ecstasy,” he moaned. 
Jacob stroked his cock faster and faster. His eyes locked on Leon’s face. Jacob arched his head back as the cum spurted from his cock onto the stone floor of the patio.
“Ecstasy…Ecstasy!!!” Leon screamed. 
Ecstasy stood up and straddled the bench. He lifted Leon’s legs up until they rested on Ecstasy’s shoulders. He quickly eased his cock into Leon’s ass. Slowly he thrust while he stroked Leon’s cock coaxing it back to being hard. 
Jacob’s cock grew hard again watching Leon writhed around in pleasure. He was startled when a woman’s hand grabbed his cock. 
“Let me help you with that,” Mystic said.
“Come here.” Jacob removed her hand from his cock then pulled her up to the front of him. “On your hands and knees now.” 
She smiled and did as he asked. He quickly stepped out of his pants and came down to his knees behind her. He rammed his cock into her wet pussy. 
“Look at Ecstasy fuck the hell out of Leon, umm, it’s so sexy,” Mystic purred. She felt Jacob thrust harder and harder. 
Leon moaned loudly, his beautiful face a wash in pleasure. 
Jacob felt his orgasm swelling. “Oh God yes!” He couldn’t stop himself from crying out. His body trembled. He slowly looked up and saw Leon looking over at him. He quickly looked up at Ecstasy who was smiling at Jacob. 
“Come Leon,” Ecstasy growled. “Let him see you come.” 
Leon kept his eyes locked with Jacob’s as his orgasm exploded. Jacob’s body shuddered. He caressed Mystic’s ass gently. 
Ecstasy slowly lowered down capturing Leon’s lips. He looked at Jacob as he continued to deeply kiss Leon. 
That smug satisfied look in Ecstasy’s eyes should have angered Jacob, but it didn’t. 
Jacob looked away from Ecstasy and looked down at Mystic. He realized that he probably didn’t bring her to orgasm. He slowly pulled his cock out of her then positioned himself under her so he could eat her pussy. He devoured her pussy loving the sweetness of it. He loved to lick at a woman’s pussy and it showed. He licked and licked, bringing Mystic to several orgasms. When he was finally sated he slowly moved out from under her. He pulled her up to him and kissed her.
“Thank you,” he said softly.
“You are very good with your tongue,” she purred. He smiled at her and helped her to stand up. She walked upstairs nude. He reached down and grabbed his pants. He looked out onto the patio and watched briefly as Ecstasy started to make love to Leon again. 
He turned around and headed up the stairs to his room. He sat down at his desk and type up some notes. 
About an hour later he heard a knock on his door. He found himself hoping it was Leon, but when he opened the door it was Ecstasy standing there. Jacob stepped back and let Ecstasy come in. 
“Did you like watching me fuck Leon?” 
“Yes,” Jacob said quietly. 
“Did you see how much pleasure he took from being with me?” 
“Yes.” 
“Can you bring that look of bliss he had on his beautiful face?” 
“I wish I could.” 
Ecstasy was taken back from the answer. His intention was to make sure Jacob knew that only Ecstasy could bring that much pleasure to Leon. No one else could even come close.
“I can’t compete with you. I mean look at you, you are fucking perfect looking. I am mildly attractive at my best. I have no doubt you are far more skilled at sex than I am. After all you are Master Drake’s favorite pet that says a lot to me.” 
Ecstasy didn’t really know what to say.
“I have never been attracted to men before. But something about Leon’s beauty and his gentle nature…well I found myself drawn to it.” Jacob looked up at Ecstasy. “You own his heart. To be honest I really don’t know why Leon wants to spend time with me when he has you.” 
“Well…I feel like an ass,” Ecstasy said as he walked over to Jacob’s bed and sat down.  
Now it was Jacob’s turn to be lost for words. 
“I guess the fact that Leon wants to spend time with you bugs the hell out of me. I was the only one he felt at ease with. The other men on this island scared him. He just recently started to feel comfortable around my Master, even still Leon is too afraid to have sex with him. Yet Leon allowed you to be with him and he barely knows you.” 
“I don’t know why that is.” 
“You look harmless.” Ecstasy chuckled. “You are the first guy who has come to this island who looks well…innocent.” 
“Gee thanks.” Jacob was silent for a moment. “If you are that bothered by Leon wanting to spend time with me…I will stay away from him. He gets upset when you are upset. And I don’t want to see him upset.” 
“No, I guess it is me who needs to get over myself. I should be happy that Leon will allow someone else to touch him. After what he has lived through…well let’s just say it’s a miracle he allows anyone to touch him at all. As long as Leon wants to be with you…I won’t stand in the way anymore. But…” Ecstasy stood up and moved closer to Jacob. “If you hurt him…I will fucking kill you.” 
“I won’t hurt him.” 
“You better not.” Ecstasy left the room. 
Jacob walked back over to his desk and started typing on his computer again. 



Chapter Five


Jacob spent a lot of time with Leon during the next couple of weeks. Jacob observed the other pets and guests. He made sure to take lots of notes for Rose. He tried to call Rose but she never answered her phone. She did however leave a message with one of Master Drake’s servants to tell Jacob she was okay and for him not to worry about her.  
Master Drake took Jacob and Leon over to the other side of the island for a day. Jacob liked Beauty and Passion, Leon was right those two were very nice. He observed the way both Beauty and Passion were beyond happy that their Master came to visit them. Jacob thought it was kind of odd, Beauty and Passion seemed so in love with each other and yet they still craved their Master’s attention. 
Jacob sat up in his room and typed away on his computer. He tried reaching Rose again but he was directed to her voice mailbox. She text message him earlier saying she was okay and if he needed her, to leave her a text message and she would find a way to get back to him as soon as she could.  Jacob was much more comfortable now about the fact he was fucking a guy. He wasn’t at all attracted sexually to Master Drake’s other male pets, he was intrigued by Master Drake, but he couldn’t picture himself being with Drake sexually. 
Jacob stood up and walked over to the balcony. The sky was so clear and there was a full moon out. He started to wonder why he didn’t seek out Master Drake’s other female pets, what guy wouldn’t want to be with such beautiful ladies. He did occasionally spend time with Mystic, but most of his time was spent with Leon. After three weeks of being on this island he started to find that the nights were lonely. Leon always spent the night with Ecstasy, even when Ecstasy was with his Master. Jacob found himself wishing more and more that Leon would spend the night with him. Jacob went back into his room and went to sleep. 
In the morning he woke up to the smell of fresh coffee. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Leon pouring two cups of coffee. 
“Good morning.” Leon smiled at him. 
“Good morning.” Jacob sat up in the bed.
“I thought you would like some coffee.” Leon walked over to the bed with two cups. He handed one to Jacob. 
“That was thoughtful of you.” 
“What would you like to do today? Ecstasy is resting for the afternoon romp.” 
“Afternoon romp?” 
“It is basically a big orgy.  Master Drake and Jessica, his pets and all the guests partake in this orgy. They will have another one at the end of next week just before the guests leave. Did you want to join the orgy?” 
“Are you going to be there?” 
“No, I don’t feel comfortable being with all those people.” 
“Then I don’t want to be there either.” 
Jacob loved Leon’s smile. 
“So, what would you like to do today?” 
“I am just happy being with you. Whatever you would like to do is fine with me.” 
“After you get ready for your day we will go out to Michael’s hut. It is deeper in the woods off by itself. That is where I go when these orgies go on.” 
“Sounds good.” 
Jacob finished his coffee then took a shower and got dressed. Leon was meeting him down in the foyer. He found himself getting excited about the fact he was going to have Leon all to himself today. He walked downstairs and saw a bunch of servants bustling about. He walked over to the gathering room and took a peek inside. 
“Holy shit,” he whispered. It looked like what he imagined an Arabian harem area would look like. 
“Are you coming to the afternoon romp?” 
Jacob turned around when he heard Mystic’s voice. “Wow!” he exclaimed as he looked up and down her beautiful body. She was dressed up like a harem girl, except her clothes were completely see through. “No, I am afraid I wouldn’t feel comfortable.” 
“That’s a shame.” She smiled at him then walked inside the room. 
He went back into the foyer and looked for Leon. He spotted Leon with Ecstasy. Ecstasy wore only a silk piece of cloth covering his cock. He had gold armbands on both arms. His long, pale blond hair was tied back with a gold band that looked like a golden serpent. His body seemed to shimmer. Jacob had to admit Ecstasy looked amazing. He waited for a moment he didn’t want to disturb Ecstasy and Leon’s intimate kiss. When they released their intimate embrace Jacob walked over to Leon. 
“Jacob,” Leon said. 
“You look amazing, Ecstasy,” Jacob said.
“Doesn’t he.” Leon looked up into Ecstasy’s handsome face. 
“Thank you,” Ecstasy said as he ran his fingers through Leon’s hair. “I am supposed to be part of a male harem.” 
“You look like it,” Jacob said. 
“Ecstasy,” Master Drake called out. 
Ecstasy smiled down at Leon then headed over to Drake. Jacob heard Leon softly moan when Drake grabbed a hold of Ecstasy’s hair and kissed him deeply. Drake was dressed like a sultan, a very sexy sultan.
“Let’s go it’s a little bit of a walk to Michael’s hut,” Leon said. 
“Leon,” Ecstasy called out just before they got to the door. 
Jacob stepped back away from Leon as Ecstasy approached. 
“Be careful,” Ecstasy said, pulling Leon into his arms.
“I will be.” 
They kissed one more time and then Ecstasy headed into the gathering room. 
Leon led Jacob through the forest until they reached a large hut. “Michael’s hut,” Leon said as he grabbed Jacob’s hand and entered the hut. 
“Nice,” Jacob said. 
“Michael is Master Drake’s best friend, so he wanted him to have the best.” 
Jacob spotted a picnic basket set out on the dresser. 
“I asked a servant if they would make this up for us. I was hoping you would want to come here today,” Leon said. He went over to the picnic basket and carried it over to a large blanket that was laid out over the floor. A bottle of wine was chilling in a bucket of ice. Two glasses sat next to the bucket. 
“You did this for me?” 
“Yes. Come here and sit down.”
Leon poured them some wine then started to take out the food. Leon took out grapes, chocolate and whipped cream.
“That is an interesting combination of food,” Jacob said. His cock grew instantly hard seeing that sexy grin on Leon’s face.
 Leon grabbed the chocolate and put it into a warmer that the servant had set out next to the blanket.  Jacob went to reach out and grab Leon, but Leon playfully slapped his hand away. 
“Take off your clothes,” Leon purred as he took his own clothes off. 
Jacob quickly did what Leon asked. 
“Lay down.” Leon dipped his fingers into the melted chocolate to make sure it wasn’t too hot. He smiled down at Jacob and slowly drizzled the chocolate over Jacob’s body. “One rule, you can’t touch me.” 
“That would be torture,” Jacob moaned as Leon started to lick the chocolate off Jacob’s chest. 
“You can’t touch me,” Leon said as he flicked his tongue over Jacob’s nipple. 
“I will try.” 
Leon proceeded to lick all the chocolate from Jacob’s body, leaving his cock for last. It drove Jacob nuts not to be able to touch Leon. Jacob moaned loudly and gripped the blanket tightly in his hands to keep from touching Leon.  The anticipation was almost too much. When Leon’s tongue ran up the length of Jacob’s cock, Jacob couldn’t stand it anymore and reached down and tried to grab a handful of Leon’s hair. Leon grabbed Jacob’s arms and pinned them to his side. 
“I said don’t touch.” Leon licked Jacob’s cock for what seemed like an eternity. Leon sat up and went to reach for the whipped cream.
“No…I need you now.” Jacob moved his arm freeing himself from Leon’s grasp. “I want your cock in my mouth,” Jacob moaned. 
Leon climbed up Jacob’s body then turned around and straddled Jacob’s head. He eased his cock into Jacob’s mouth as he leaned over and began sucking Jacob’s cock slowly. It didn’t take long for Jacob to come. Leon raised his upper body up and closed his eyes enjoying the sensation of Jacob’s greedy mouth on his cock. He slowly began to thrust his cock into Jacob’s mouth. Jacob grabbed Leon’s ass and encouraged him to fuck his mouth. Leon thrust faster and faster until Jacob held Leon’s hips firmly keeping Leon’s cock deep in his throat. Leon’s body shuddered when he orgasmed, he groaned deep in his throat when Jacob sucked every drop of cum from Leon’s cock.  Leon slowly pulled his cock out of Jacob’s mouth then he climbed off of him. He was surprised when Jacob grabbed a hold of him and gently pushed him onto the blanket. Leon was lying on his belly as Jacob started to kiss down his back. He felt Jacob reach for the whipped cream.
“I want to taste all of you,” Jacob growled. 
Leon jerked a little when Jacob spread the whipped cream over Leon’s ass. He used his fingers to rub the whipped cream over Leon’s rosebud. Jacob reached up and pulled Leon’s hands behind his back and gently held them together. 
“Don’t!” Leon yelled as his body instantly stiffened up.
Jacob immediately let go. “I’m sorry…” 
“Please don’t restrain me.” 
“I won’t do that again.” Jacob kissed up Leon’s back and was relieved when Leon relaxed again. He kissed his way down to Leon’s ass and licked all the whipped cream from Leon’s ass cheeks. He grabbed Leon’s ass and spread his ass cheeks apart a little. He needed to taste every part of this man. He lapped up the whipped cream then let his tongue circle around and around Leon’s rosebud. 
Leon moaned loudly. He couldn’t stop himself from lifting his hips up, giving Jacob complete access to him. Jacob licked all over then moved down to Leon’s balls. He licked and sucked at them, loving the sound of Leon’s moans. He moved back up and licked at Leon’s rosebud again as he gently kneaded Leon’s balls for a moment, then he reached under Leon and grabbed his cock. He stroked slowly as he continued to lick Leon’s rosebud. 
“Jacob,” Leon moaned. He lifted his hips higher. He felt Jacob’s tongue licking all over his ass. Leon was now on his elbows and knees. He couldn’t stop himself from moving his hips back and forth in time to Jacob’s tongue strokes. Jacob stopped stroking Leon’s cock and moved both hands to Leon’s ass cheeks. His tongue moved faster and faster.
“Ummm, I could taste you all day,” Jacob moaned as he plunged his tongue into Leon’s ass.
“Oh…” Leon’s body quivered. 
Jacob reached back down and stroked Leon’s cock again at the same speed he thrust his tongue into Leon’s ass. 
Leon laid his head on the floor. He closed his eyes and enjoyed this pleasure. He couldn’t stop himself from moving his hips back, wanting Jacob’s tongue to go deeper. “Jacob…oh…Jacob…this feels so good,” Leon purred. Jacob stroked Leon’s cock faster and faster, moving his tongue at the same speed. “I am going to come, please keep your tongue in me.” Leon groaned feeling Jacob’s tongue go in deep, when Jacob started to circle his tongue Leon’s orgasm exploded. “Jacob!!! Oh Yes Jacob!!” Leon screamed. 
Leon’s body started to sink down to the floor when Jacob removed his tongue from Leon’s ass. 
“I am not done yet,” Jacob growled as he reached over for the chocolate. He flipped Leon over and poured chocolate all over his feet.  Jacob licked and sucked every drop of chocolate from Leon’s feet. He loved that look of pleasure on Leon’s face. He proceeded to cover Leon’s entire body with the chocolate. He took his time licking every bit of chocolate from Leon’s body. 
They spent the entire afternoon pleasuring each other. 
“Leon…oh damn!!” Jacob cried out. Leon bounced up and down for a few more minutes then sat completely down on Jacob’s lap burying Jacob’s cock to the hilt in his ass. Jacob held Leon close to him. He was thoroughly exhausted but more than sated. 
Leon slowly climbed off Jacob’s lap. When Jacob laid back Leon snuggled up next to him. 
“That was fantastic,” Jacob sighed. 
“Mmm, it was.” 
“I am so tired now.” 
“So am I. Let’s take a nap,” Leon said. 
“That sounds good to me.” 
After a couple hours Jacob felt someone lightly shaking him. He opened his eyes and saw Leon looking down at him.
“We must get back to the main house. It’s already starting to get dark.” 
Jacob reached up his hand and grabbed handfuls of Leon’s hair. “Why can’t we just stay here tonight?” 
“I can’t.” 
“Why not?”  Jacob let Leon’s hair go.
“Come on get dress and let’s go.” Leon climbed out of bed. He seemed in a real hurry so Jacob quickly got dressed. 
Leon guided him back to the main house.
Jacob saw Ecstasy sitting on the front porch. Leon let go of Jacob’s hand and rushed up the stairs. Ecstasy stood up as Leon threw himself into Ecstasy’s arms. 
“I was starting to get worried.” Ecstasy nuzzled his cheek against Leon’s cheek. 
“I am sorry I didn’t mean to worry you.” 
Ecstasy lifted Leon up into his arms and carried him into the house. 
Jacob just stood there looking at the now empty porch. His heart sank…Ecstasy is why Leon didn’t want to spend the night with him. Jacob turned around and headed down the path to the female guest huts, then he slowly walked to the dock. He sat out on the beach and just looked out over the ocean. After a few moments he heard quiet footsteps approaching him. He quickly turned around and saw Leon heading over to him. 
“Are you alright?” Leon said as he stood next to Jacob.
“Yeah.” 
“Ecstasy wanted me to come and get you.” 
“For what?” Jacob’s voice was harsher than he intended it to be.
“He wants you to sleep with us tonight.” 
“What?” Jacob looked up at Leon. “Why would he want to do that?” 
“I asked him if you could spend the night with us.” 
Jacob slowly stood up. “I would feel like I am intruding.” 
“Why? Come on.” Leon grabbed Jacob’s hand. Jacob was unable to resist Leon and followed him up to the main house. Leon led him up the stairs and to Ecstasy’s room. 
“Shh, Ecstasy is already asleep. He is tired out from the afternoon romp.” Leon stepped out of his clothes and climb into bed. “Come on,” Leon whispered to him. Jacob took off his clothes and climbed into bed next to Leon. He snuggled up against Leon’s back. Leon was pressed against Ecstasy. Before Jacob knew it he had fallen asleep. 



Chapter Six


In the morning Ecstasy slowly climbed out of bed and got dressed. He had to find Master. He needed to talk to him. He went downstairs hoping Drake was already up. He saw Drake sitting out by the pool sipping his morning coffee. 
“Master,” Ecstasy said as he walked out onto the patio.
“What is it, my pet?” 
Ecstasy sat on the ground next to Drake and laid his head on Drake’s leg. “Jacob is getting too attached to Leon.” 
“I know.” 
“Leon felt bad for Jacob last night and asked me if it was okay for Jacob to sleep with us. I of course said yes to Leon, but…Master I don’t want anyone but Leon or you in my bed.” 
“Then why didn’t you tell Leon this?” 
“At the time it seemed like such a small request from Leon. But when I woke up this morning and saw Jacob lying next to Leon with his body pressed so close to Leon’s I wanted to yank Jacob out of my bed.” 
“Jacob is leaving in a week. You should let Leon enjoy being with someone else. It is amazing that in such a short period of time Leon is able to do this. I know you would like to keep Leon all to yourself and up to now you have had that pleasure. It’s only one more week. I believe that the time that Leon spends with Jacob will help him. I see the little things much clearer than you do my pet. Leon is much more relaxed around me and I have noticed he doesn’t back away from Shadow anymore. I even saw him talking with Shadow the other day. Leon is at ease even more with Jessica and the other females. Can’t you see him slowly emerging from that hiding place in his mind?” 
“I have noticed.” 
“Then what is wrong? I can hear the sadness in your voice.” 
“I wanted to be the one who made Leon all better.” 
Drake reached down and slowly stroked Ecstasy’s hair. “You have helped Leon more than you know. It is because of you that he can even think about really living a life without fear.” 
“May I stay with you for a while?” 
“Of course, my pet.” 

***

“Damn it Rose,” Jacob growled as he snapped his cell phone shut. She left him another text message telling him not to worry that she was fine. He wanted to hear her voice and know that she really was okay. 
He had spent the morning talking with various servants. Everyone seemed more relaxed around him and was talking freely with him. He loved waking up and feeling Leon’s body against his. He had carefully gotten out of bed so he didn’t wake Leon up. 
Jacob wrote down a few notes as he sat on the porch enjoying the morning air. He had only a few more days on the island. The other guests seemed very pleased with their visit here and several made plans to come back again. Normally Drake only had the guests stay for about two weeks, but apparently this group of guests was special somehow. Jacob didn’t want to pry and decided against asking the guests personal questions. 
“Good morning.” 
Jacob quickly closed his notebook and stood up upon hearing Leon’s voice. 
“Good morning.” Before he could turn around he felt Leon wrap his arms around him and press himself up against Jacob’s back. Jacob could have stayed like this for hours, just feeling Leon so close to him. He was a bit disappointed when Leon let him go.
“What are you doing?” Leon asked as he walked around and stood by Jacob’s side. 
“Just taking some notes. I think Rose will be very happy with all the notes I have taken.” 
“You came here in the first place for her, didn’t you?” 
“Yeah…” Jacob smiled. 
“Do you love her?” 
“Not in the way you are thinking. I love her like a sister. I have great respect for her. Though I have to admit I am a bit worried about her.” 
“Why?” 
“I haven’t been able to reach her on the phone. And she has only left text messages for me these last few weeks.” 
“I am sure she is alright.” 
“Yeah, I bet you are right.” 
“You told me earlier that you are a photographer. Do you have any of your work with you?” 
“Yeah, I have some examples on my computer.” 
“May I see them?” 
“Of course.” Jacob smiled at Leon. He led Leon back into the house and up to his room. He pulled out his laptop and booted it up. He showed Leon several pictures he had taken, some of landscapes, others of animals and plants, but mostly of different kinds of people.
“These are very good.” 
“Thank you.” 
“You should make a book of your photos.” 
“Rose thought so too and she sent all her favorites to an editor friend of hers. She gave me the finished book as a birthday present.” 
“Could you send me a copy of your book?” 
“I would love to.” 
“I will be spending time with Ecstasy today. Would you like to join us?” 
“Oh…no, I have a lot more work to do today anyways.” Jacob tried to hide his disappointment.
“If you don’t mind I would love to have dinner with you this evening.” 
“I would like that very much.” Jacob turned off his laptop then stood up. 
“I will see you tonight.” Leon moved closer to Jacob and softly kissed him. 
Jacob watched Leon walk out of the room. He slowly sat back down. The weight of his disappointment of not spending the day with Leon troubled him. 



Chapter Seven

Jacob spent as much time with Leon as he could over the next few days. This evening there was going to be a huge orgy for Master Drake’s guests. Jacob knew Leon wasn’t going to be attending this orgy. He couldn’t believe how much he was looking forward to spending time with Leon in Michael’s hut again while the orgy was going on. The anticipation of this evening mounted more and more through the day until Jacob wanted to scream. 
Jacob waited outside for Leon as the sun started to set. He could barely contain himself as he saw Leon coming down the stairs. Leon didn’t say a word as he grabbed Jacob’s hand and led him to Michael’s hut. 
They spent hours enjoying each other. 
Jacob was sitting on a chair with Leon on his lap facing him. Leon had wrapped his legs around Jacob tightly as he rode Jacob’s cock. Jacob watched Leon’s face wanting to see his pleasure. He ran his hands down Leon’s silky hair. Leon was so very close to orgasm. Jacob waited for his release until Leon’s orgasm. He wanted to ride the wave of pleasure with him. Jacob felt his orgasm rock him just as he felt Leon’s body shuddered. Jacob held Leon tightly against him. The only thought echoed in his mind was this was their last night together. Jacob wanted to savor every moment. 
“We must go back to the main house,” Leon said as he nuzzled his cheek to the top of Jacob’s head. 
“I know,” Jacob whispered. He held Leon for just a little while longer then he released him. 
They got dressed and headed back up to the house. Ecstasy was waiting on the porch like last time. 
“Good night, Leon.” Jacob softly kissed him. 
“Good night.” Leon smiled at him for a moment then he rushed over to Ecstasy. 
Jacob waited for the two to head into the house then he slowly walked up the stairs. He was surprised to see Master Drake standing by the door. 
“I would like a word with you, Jacob.” 
“Of course, Sir.” Jacob followed Drake inside to Drake’s office. 
“Sit down.” 
“Yes Sir.” Jacob sat on the leather sofa. 
Drake poured them both a glass of wine. He walked over and handed a glass to Jacob then he sat down on the chair across from where Jacob was sitting. 
“Have you learned anything about our lifestyle?” 
“Yes Sir…my preconceptions were wrong. Your lifestyle isn’t all about kinky sex. I have seen how much everyone genuinely seems to care for one another. And you Sir, are not some power hungry man who wants everything your way.” 
“Power hungry…this is what you thought a true Master was?” 
“Yes Sir. But you have shown me that everything you do is for your submissves. Their happiness seems to mean more to you than your own. I am astonished how you can love your wife and still have so much love left for your pets. And your guests…the transformation they have made is nothing less than amazing.” 
“Thank you, Jacob.” 
“No, thank you Sir, for allowing me to observe your lifestyle.” 
“Are you going to be alright?” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“You will be leaving tomorrow, are you going to be able to handle leaving Leon?” 
Jacob was silent for a moment.  “I am not going to lie, I will miss him. But I knew I was only going to be here for a month.” 
“But you didn’t know that you would be so attached to someone on this island.” 
“I thank you for your concern, Sir. But I will be okay.” 
“I have enjoyed having you at my home. Good luck to you and Rose on your book.” 
“Thank you, Sir.” 
“Good night, Jacob.” 
“Good night, Sir.” 
Drake felt sorry for Jacob. He knew Jacob was going to miss Leon very much. There was really nothing he could do to lessen the pain Jacob will go through. 




Chapter Eight

Jacob finished packing his bags then he headed into the bathing chamber to take a shower. He was leaving today. He should be happy that he was going home, but all he could feel was a strange sadness. As he took a shower he thought about everything he went through on this island. He mostly thought about Leon. The first moment he saw Leon. Damn Leon was so beautiful. Jacob never seen a man that look like Leon. The feeling Leon evoke in Jacob, the moment when Jacob accepted those feelings. 
Jacob rinsed the shampoo from his hair. After today he wasn’t going to see Leon again. This thought really bothered Jacob. 
He climbed out of the shower and dried himself off. He slipped back on his robe and headed back into his chamber. He froze seeing Leon lying on the bed completely naked. Leon’s long silky hair spilled out over the pillows framing Leon’s delicate and beautiful face. Jacob didn’t say a word as he slowly walked over to the bed. He took off his robe and climbed into the bed. He laid his body on top of Leon then captured Leon’s sensuous lips with his own.  Jacob could feel Leon’s hands caress his back as they held their deep intimate kiss. 
Leon broke free of their kiss for a moment. “I want to feel you inside of me,” Leon whispered.
Jacob reached over to the nightstand and grabbed a bottle of lube. He quickly lubed his cock and let the tube fall to the ground as he captured Leon’s lips again. He loved kissing Leon, oh God he loved just being with Leon like this. Slowly he eased his cock into Leon. He leisurely thrust, wanting this last time he would be with Leon to go on forever. He wanted this moment to be…beautifully sensuous.  He felt Leon wrap his arms and legs around him, forcing Jacob’s body to be as close as possible to him. Jacob wanted the same thing. 
They enjoyed each other for hours. Reluctantly Jacob released Leon. A servant would be here soon to gather Jacob’s luggage. 
Leon snuggled up to Jacob. “I will miss you,” Leon whispered. 
Jacob looked into Leon’s face and gently stroked Leon’s hair. “I will miss you so very much too, Leon.”  He captured Leon’s lips again. He had to kiss Leon just one more time. He didn’t think Leon would go down to the docks, so Jacob wanted to say his goodbyes now. 
Jacob heard a knock on the door. “Come in.” 
“Mr. Smith, I am here to take your luggage to the boat,” a male servant said. 
“My stuff is right over there.” 
“You must head for the boat now, Mr. Smith.” 
“I will.” 
Jacob waited for the servant to leave then he kissed Leon again. Jacob slowly got out of bed and got dressed. Leon put a robe on and just stood by the door. 
Jacob walked over to Leon and let his hand go through Leon’s hair. “Goodbye, Leon. I won’t ever forget you.” 
“I won’t forget you either, Jacob…goodbye.” Leon removed Jacob’s hand from his hair and gave it a soft kiss then he left the room. 
Jacob took a deep breath before leaving the room. 
“Thank you again, Sir for allowing me to visit your island,” Jacob said to Drake as he went into the foyer. “Please thank Mystic for me. She was so kind and warm to me.”
“I will tell her. Goodbye, Jacob.” 
“Goodbye, Sir.” 
Jacob followed the servant to the awaiting jeep. They quickly arrived at the dock. The servant dropped him off and drove back toward the house. Jacob saw the other guests boarding the boat.  He turned around and looked at the beach that was just to the right of the dock. He stood there for a few moments. 
“Mr. Smith, you must board the boat now,” a female servant said. 
“Alright.” He slowly walked over to the boarding platform. As he boarded the boat he watched the crewmen ready the boat to leave. He walked over to the side deck and grabbed the rails. He looked out over the island. He heard the motors start up. He spotted the jeep coming back. Someone was late for boarding. 
Jacob’s heart sank seeing Leon climbing out of the jeep. He saw it was Ecstasy who was driving the jeep.  Leon walked out onto the dock. That warm smile on Leon’s face as he waved goodbye tore at Jacob. Jacob smiled back and waved. He felt the boat starting to move. His eyes stayed on Leon until he couldn’t see him anymore. Jacob just stood there looking at the ocean. 
“Thank you for taking me here to see Jacob off,” Leon said as he walked over to Ecstasy. 
“I saw that you needed to do that.” Ecstasy took Leon into his arms. “Let’s go back home.” He smiled down as he looked into Leon’s face. Leon’s smile always warmed Ecstasy’s heart. 
“You must be tired,” Leon said as they walked back to the jeep.
“I always am after the guests leave. I do have a surprise for you.” 
“Really what is it?” 
“Master said that we can go to the other side of the island for a few days. Like we did when Rapture left and you were here without him on this island. It was a very special time for us.” 
“I would love to go to the other side of the island with you.” 
Ecstasy saw the hint of sadness in Leon’s eyes when Jacob left. He wanted to make it all better.  A part of him was glad that Leon was able to connect and trust someone else. It showed that Leon was truly on the path to healing. But another part of him didn’t want to share any part of Leon with anyone else. Ecstasy’s rational mind told him that only he truly had Leon’s heart. However seeing Leon with Jacob…still Leon wasn’t jealous of Ecstasy’s love for Master Drake. Right now none of this mattered. What mattered was taking the hint of sadness from Leon’s eyes. 
“We leave tonight.” 
They both climbed into the jeep. Ecstasy smiled feeling Leon grab a hold of his hand. Ecstasy squeeze Leon’s hand then drove back to the house.

***

Jacob was on the deck for a while. Leon’s smile wouldn’t leave his mind. Finally he went down to his cabin. He went to the bed and sat down. He saw his luggage and laptop sitting neatly in the middle of the room. 
He walked over and grabbed his laptop. He kicked up his notes and started to read. When he was done he sat the laptop back in its case and gently sat it on the floor. His body started to tremble as the tears fell from his eyes. His arms ached to hold Leon, he wanted to hear Leon’s voice and see that beautiful smile of his. How could someone matter so much to Jacob in such a short period of time? Especially seeing how that someone was a guy. Jacob has loved a few women before, but not with this intensity. What made it worse was Jacob knew Ecstasy truly had Leon’s love.  Jacob cried hard, his body shaking from the intensity of his sadness. 
“Rose…” Jacob whispered. If he felt this way about leaving Leon…
Jacob reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “Oh Rose please answer.”  When Rose left Master Nikolai it would crush her if she was able to leave Master Nikolai. Jacob couldn’t even fathom how much his pain would have been if he had fallen in love with Master Drake. “Don’t you fucking tell me she can’t come to the phone. You go get her and tell her Jacob needs to talk to her now!” Jacob screamed into the phone. Just the fact she only left text messages instead of calling him worried the hell out of Jacob. Maybe it was too late.
“Jacob, what’s wrong?” Rose said, winded. 
“I am coming to get you.” 
“Jacob…I am not done here.” 
“I don’t give a shit, Rose. I am coming to get you and I will drag your ass home if I have to.” Jacob’s voice started to shake. 
“Jacob…” Rose’s heart broke hearing Jacob crying over the phone. 
“My heart is broken…this overwhelming sadness of not seeing him again is almost too much.” Jacob wiped his tears and quickly gathered himself. “I am coming to get you. I will be there as soon as I can.” Jacob hung up the phone then shut his phone off. 
Jacob lay down on the bed. “Leon…” He grabbed his pillow and cried into it until he fell asleep. 




Yes, Master Dante

This story is part of the “Master Series” and is in the book “Erotic Shivers Volume I” 

Tonya coiled up in her seat as the limo parked in front of the Mansion. Fear and anxiety engulfed her. Master Dante was to train her to be more submissive. She had heard many rumors about Dante and feared most were more than likely true.  Her Master, Alan Demonte, had lost patience with her and that was why he brought her to Dante.
“You better not shame me,” Alan growled. He, though average looking had a presence about him. He was in his late thirties, which showed on his harden face and gray peppered dark hair. 
“I will try not to, Master.” Tonya, who recently turned thirty, had long auburn hair and her body was trim but still curvy. Her shining grace was her emerald green eyes. 
Tonya looked up at the gorgeous blond-haired man as he opened the car door for her. 
“Mr. Demonte, welcome to Master Dante’s mansion. I am Apollo and I will guide you to Master Dante.” Apollo didn’t acknowledge that Tonya was even there. 
“Well then lead the way.” Alan smiled a rare thing for him.
Tonya quickly got behind Alan and followed him into the Mansion. Everything was lavishly decorated. Tonya was most impressed. She could feel that Alan was growing tense or irritated. She couldn’t really tell which.  Dante’s mansion was far more luxurious than his was. 
“Please wait a moment,” Apollo said as he opened the two large carved wooden doors.  Tonya felt like she wanted to throw up. Mostly she was confused as to why Alan was unhappy with her. She thought she was a most obedient slave. 
“Listen to me.” Alan grabbed Tonya roughly by the arm.  “I warn you, if he sends you back to me and declares you unworthy, I will beat you within an inch of your miserable life.” He gave her a violent shake. “Master Dante is an important connection and I want to impress him with the quality of the slave I trained. Now ready yourself.” 
Tonya felt as though someone kicked her in the stomach. She wasn’t here to be trained, but to show Master Dante how well trained she was.  She choked back the tears that threatened to spill. 
“Please come in,” Apollo said, holding the door open. 
“Master Dante,” Alan said, bowing his head in respect. 
“Mr. Demonte.” 
Tonya’s eyes shot up hearing Dante’s deep gravelly voice.  Her body started to tremble as her eyes looked over the large man.  He had to be at least six foot four, his body nothing but muscles, his hair hung to his waist braided up in hundreds of smaller braids. He was the most handsome man she had ever seen. His gray eyes gave him a dangerous look. Tonya was torn between fear of Dante and lust for him. 
“Your slave dare look me in the eyes,” Dante rumbled. 
Tonya felt Alan’s hand strike her across the face. “Eyes down.” 
“Sorry Master.” Tonya immediately looked to the ground. 
Dante walked to her and looked over the woman. She was quite beautiful and seemed eager enough, but so were all his other female slaves.  “Why are you not on your knees before me?”
“Please forgive me.” Tonya fell to her knees.
“I don’t know, Mr. Demonte. I am not too impressed with your slave.” Dante strolled back over to his bed and sat down. 
“She is just thrown off balance, Master Dante. I will be happy to double the price for your training.” 
“Very well, I will give her a couple of days. If I am still not pleased with her I will send her back and keep my fee.” 
“Fair enough.” 
“You may leave.” Dante gestured to Apollo to escort Alan out. “What is your name woman?” 
“Tonya Roche, Master.” 
“I will be back, don’t move from that spot until I return.” 
“Yes Master Dante.” Tonya heard his heavy footsteps as he left her alone in his room. 

***

Tonya’s legs ached being in the same position for so long. It had been over six hours and Dante had yet to return. 
“Very good, Tonya.” Dante’s voiced caused her to jerk. 
“Thank you, Master.” Tonya kept her eyes down. She saw Dante’s bare feet and the bottom of his leather pants. His delicious scent surrounded her, a mixture of leather and spicy cologne.
“Come,” he simply said. She came to her hands and knees and crawled after him. Her leg muscles cramped but still she followed him. 
Dante sat on his bed and watched her crawl over to him. A delicious grin swept across his face.  “Undress me.” 
“Yes Master.” Tonya came up to her knees, her kneecaps screamed in protest, but she hid her pain well. She reached up and undid the button to his leather pants then slowly unzipped them.  He lifted up a little so she could remove the pants from his body. Her eyes slowly traveled up his well-muscled legs until they rested on his large cock. 
“Bathe my cock with your tongue,” he ordered.
“Yes Master.” Tonya leaned forward and began at the base of his cock, licking with long, wet strokes. 
“Lower.” Dante pushed her head down until her tongue was eagerly lapping at his balls.  “Lower.” He pushed her head down further. Tonya nuzzled her nose against his balls so her tongue could reach under them.  She buried her face in his balls trying to make her tongue go lower until it darted in and out of his ass.
“Very good, now come back up and suck my cock.” Dante smiled as she latched her mouth onto his cock.  Her head bobbed in a slow even pace, taking more and more of his cock into her mouth until she managed to swallow the whole thing.  Slowly she picked up the pace, increasing the intensity of her sucking.  She felt Dante’s hips thrust forward forcing his cock down her throat.  His hands wrapped in her hair as he fell back onto the bed. “Oh yessss,” he hissed as his cum shot down her throat.  “Mmmm,” he purred gently caressing her hair as she lapped up the last of his cum from the head of his cock.  “Keep licking.” She ran her tongue up and down his cock until he released her head and pushed her away from him. 
“You can suck cock, woman. I’ll give you that.” Dante pulled his pants back on. “Bazil!” Dante shouted.
Tonya kept her eyes to the ground even when the hurried footsteps of a man entered the room. “Yes Master.”  She could feel the man kneeling next to her. His voice was gentle and she ached to look up and see the owner of such a sweet voice. 
“Take this woman to your chambers. I will have need of both of you later.”
“Yes Master.” 
Tonya felt Bazil’s hands gently pull her up. Her legs refused to hold her weight for a moment until he helped steady her. Once she heard Dante leave the room, she looked up into the face of the man with the gentle voice. His appearance matched his voice perfectly. Long blond hair, baby blue eyes, and a handsome face which seemed more feminine than Dante’s, but it was his smile that instantly put her at ease. 
“I am Bazil and you are?” 
“Tonya.” She felt steadier on her feet now as he led her into his chambers. 
“Hello Tonya, please sit down and make yourself comfortable.” 
“Thank you.” She walked over to his bed and sat, mostly because it was the closest thing to the door. 
She looked around the elegant bedchamber. It was every bit as large as Alan’s and this Bazil was only a mere slave.  “Why do you have such a lavish bedchamber?” She couldn’t stop herself from asking.
“I am Master Dante’s favorite slave,” Bazil said, handing her a glass of water. 
“Favorite slave of Master Dante? What an honor it must be.” Tonya hurriedly drank down the water. 
“Indeed it is. Would you like more?” 
“Yes please.” She let her eyes linger on Bazil’s trim and well-toned body. The tight leather pants he wore left little to the imagination.  Her eyes turned back to the floor as he walked toward her. 
“I don’t mind if you want to look at me.” He handed her the water. “You have extraordinary looking eyes.”  He placed his finger under her chin and lifted her eyes up to his.  “Amazing eyes, I have never seen such a rich shade of green like these before.” 
“Thank you.”
“Bazil.” Dante’s voice caused both of them to fall to their knees. 
“Yes Master.” 
“Apollo, place him in the harness.” 
“Yes Master.” Apollo went to Bazil and roughly pulled him over to the leather swing harness on the other side of the room. He yanked Bazil’s pants off and pushed him back toward the swing. 
“Be careful with my Bazil,” Dante growled.
“Sorry Master.” Apollo glared at Bazil. 
“Woman, up on your feet.” 
“Yes Master.” Tonya quickly stood. 
“Remove your clothes.” 
“Yes Master.” She untied her skirt and pulled her silky shirt from her body. 
“Very nice.” Dante’s hands cupped her breasts.  “Now you will do what I say when I say or you will taste my whip. We will see how well trained you are.” 
“Yes Master.” 
“Apollo, sit down on the bed. I may need you later.”  Dante walked over to Bazil who was naked and laying in the leather swing.  “Mmmm, my Bazil.” Dante let his hands wander up Bazil’s body causing him to sigh with contentment.  “Come here, woman.” Dante bent over and kissed Bazil roughly. 
“Yes Master.” 
“Take your breasts and caress Bazil’s body.”  
Starting at his feet Tonya rubbed her breasts slowly up Bazil’s body until she reached his cock.  “Take your time there, woman.” Dante squatted down behind Bazil letting his tongue run over his earlobes.  Tonya squeezed her breasts together and totally engulfed Bazil’s cock.  “Feel good, Bazil?” 
“Yes Master.” Bazil arched his back and tilted trying to capture Dante’s lips with his own.  Dante leaned forward, grabbed a handful of Bazil’s hair and pulled him closer. The heat of their kiss filled the room. 
Tonya moaned and gently rubbed her breasts over Bazil’s balls letting her nipples stroke his ass.  She felt Bazil struggle in his restraints which caused the swing to sway.  
“Apollo come.” Dante licked at Bazil’s lips. 
“Yes Master,” Apollo said between gritted teeth. He knew Dante rarely kissed his slaves, as it was a special privilege, but here, he lingered over his kiss with that damned Bazil. 
“Both of you use your tongues to please my Bazil.” Dante looked down at Tonya who was lapping at Bazil’s balls. “Rim him woman. Apollo suck Bazil’s cock.” 
“Ahhmmm,” Bazil moaned as Tonya began to rim him while Apollo took Bazil’s cock into his mouth and devoured it. 
“Don’t even think about using your teeth, Apollo.” 
Dante stood and walked over to where Apollo and Tonya were. The slurping noises coming from Apollo made Dante’s cock harden even more than it already was.  “More.” Dante pushed Tonya’s face deeper into Bazil’s ass.  “Does her tongue feel good Bazil?”
“Oh yes.” Bazil arched his back. 
“Don’t you dare come yet, Bazil.” Dante smiled watching him bite his lower lip trying not to come. 
“Please Master let me come, mmmm, yesss.” Bazil struggled harder in his restraints. Dante pushed Tonya’s head closer burying her face in Bazil’s ass.
“Fuck his ass with your tongue,” Dante growled, watching Bazil biting harder on his lower lip. “Yeah that’s it fuck his ass. Suck harder, Apollo.” 
“Master please, please, oh god let me come. I…I … can’t hold it much longer.” 
“Stop!!” Dante shouted. Both Apollo and Tonya immediately obeyed. “On your knees both of you.” Dante stepped closer to Bazil and in one motion filled Bazil’s ass with his cock.  “Pleasure me,” Dante growled.  Apollo got behind Dante and buried his face into his ass. Tonya went around to the other side, got under Dante, and began licking his balls.  
“Don’t come, Bazil.” Dante thrust deeper and faster.  “Switch between both of us, woman.  Dante pulled Bazil closer, giving Tonya access to his balls as well.  Tonya lapped at Bazil’s balls then switched over to Dante’s. She had to bend over and lift her mouth up otherwise she would get in Dante’s way as he fucked Bazil. 
“Master, pleassseee!” Bazil cried. He didn’t want to disobey Dante, but he couldn’t stop from coming much longer. 
“Lick only my balls, woman. Oh yeah that’s it right there.” Dante felt his balls rubbing on Tonya’s chin as he thrust into Bazil.  “Fuck my ass with your tongue Apollo, oh fuck yes,” Dante growled. 
“Master, I beg of you to let me come.” Bazil’s hands wrapped tightly around the leather strap which held his arms in place. 
“Come Bazil.” Dante reached down and stroked at Bazil’s cock. He watched Bazil’s face as he cried out his orgasm.  “Like that Apollo, oh fuck yes, bury your tongue in my ass” Dante thrust harder into Bazil. “Lick woman, get my balls really wet.” Dante felt his orgasm start. “Yes, ahh, yes, yess FUCK!!!” Dante roared his climax.  “Stop,” he said breathily. 
Dante stepped back. “Get Bazil down, Apollo.”  Dante looked down at Tonya. This woman was well trained. Why would Mr. Demonte feel she needed more?  In one quick motion, Dante scooped Tonya up into his arms and carried her from the room. 
“What the fuck…” Apollo said standing there. 
“What Master does is not to be questioned. Now please get me out of this,” Bazil said quietly.
“Oh not yet, pretty fucker.” Apollo smirked then buried his cock into Bazil’s ass. 

***

 “Let’s see how well you endure.” Dante secured Tonya into the wall restraints. He stepped back to look at her.  She was sprawled out across the wall completely naked, limbs stretched to the point of pain.  A metal band was fastened at her waist securing her tightly to the wall, preventing her limbs from being stretched too far to the point of permanent damage.  He blindfolded her, so she wouldn’t see what kind of pain he would bring.  His cock hardened as he looked at his handy work. There was something so beautiful and serene seeing someone tied up awaiting him. He indulged himself a little longer as he saw her anticipation…ummm… her fear mount with every passing second. 
“You will not cry out, is that understood?” He walked over to the wall of various crops, whips and other assorted sexual torture devices. 
“Yes Master.” Tonya’s body still ached with want after being held so tightly against his hard body when he carried her back to his chamber.  The careful way he had tied her up to the wall touched her.  She would endure anything he did to her. She had to please him.
 She could sense he was standing in front of her.  She braced herself for anything. The hard smack of the riding crop against her thigh stung, but nothing she couldn’t endure. He beat her with the crop in a steady rhythm hitting various parts of her body.  Still she held her cry.  He hit her hard enough to sting, but not hard enough to cause any real pain. She had a feeling this was only the warm up.  Tonya blew out her breath when he walked away. Her body felt warm and awake from the mild beating. 
“Very good, Tonya,” Dante said. 
She heard him pulling something else from the wall.  Shortly after that, she felt the immense pain of a leather whip bite her skin.  The pain raced through her and she knew she had to really focus in order to stop herself from screaming.  He timed the lashes far enough apart to make the agonizing pain of it envelop her. 
“I am most pleased, Tonya, but let’s see if you can endure this.” 
Tonya trembled. It took everything she had to endure the lashes from the whip. What was next? Would she be able to endure it or scream in agony?
She heard a crackling noise, at first she tried desperately to place the sound, but when the searing pain of the electrical charge pulsed through her body, she screamed. 
“Yell woman!!” Dante howled.  He placed the violet rod against her breast and watched as her body spasmed and her horsed cry echoed through the room. 
“Please forgive me, Master,” she sobbed.  She screamed again as he placed the rod on her other breast.  “I am sorry, Master.” 
“Shhh” Dante ran his fingers over her lips. “Shhh.” 
Relief filled her when the crackling sound stopped.  “Master…” 
“Shhh, you have done well,” Dante said softly. Now, he had to ease his aching cock. The pleasure from beating her fed his need to fuck. He gripped her hips and entered her, stretching her pussy as his cock filled her up. He pumped feverishly and climaxed quickly.  He reached up and pulled the blindfold from her eyes.  “You will stay like this until I return.” 
“Yes Master,” Tonya quietly said, turning her eyes to the floor. 

***

Tonya slowly opened her eyes, her limbs ached and burned. How long had she been hanging like this?  Her bladder was full and painful, so much so, that she had to relieve herself right there.  She felt the warm liquid run down her leg and splatter on the floor.  She closed her eyes again and tried to go back to sleep. 
After a couple hours Tonya was awakened by a woman’s soft touch.  “Don’t worry I will clean you up.” 
Tonya looked down at the beautiful oriental woman.  “Thank you.” She could barely get out the words. Her mouth and throat were so dry. 
“You’re welcome.” Emerald unlatched Tonya’s arms, legs, and the metal waistband, sending her crashing to the floor. “If I may give you some advice…” Emerald helped Tonya up supporting most of her weight. “You better not relieve yourself all over Master’s chamber floor again.”
“I am so sorry,” Tonya whispered. She tried to get her legs to move to help take the burden off Emerald, but they were too stiff.  She decided to let Emerald lead her into the bathing chamber. 
“I cleaned it up this time, so don’t worry.” Emerald helped Tonya into the nice warm bath and began to bathe her. 
“How long was I up there?” 
“Twelve hours or more.” Emerald gently cleaned every inch of Tonya’s body. 
“Is she clean?” Dante’s voice echoed through the bathing chamber. 
“Yes Master.” Emerald came to her knees and turned to face Dante. 
“Good then bring her to my bed.” 
“Yes Master.” Emerald quickly grabbed a towel then helped Tonya out of the bath.  The warm water loosened up Tonya’s stiff muscles, allowing her to move a bit more freely. 
“We must hurry,” Emerald said as she quickly dried Tonya off and removed her own skirt and blouse. 
“Come Emerald,” Dante bellowed. 
“Quickly!” Emerald grabbed Tonya’s arm and hurried her into Dante’s chamber. He was lying on the bed naked. Both women fell to their knees beside his bed. 
“I want to watch you two eat each other’s pussies.” Dante moved to the other side of the bed turning onto his side.  Emerald lay down on the bed and opened her legs wide.  Tonya squatted over Emerald’s face then slowly lowered her pussy down until she felt Emerald’s tongue move around inside.  She lowered her head down and placed it between Emerald’s legs. With long wet strokes, her tongue ran up and down Emerald’s pussy lips.  Tonya could see Dante’s hand resting on Emerald’s inner thigh. He watched her eat the other woman.  Tonya placed her mouth over Emerald’s clit and took it into her mouth gently sucking it.  She could feel Emerald’s tongue darting in and out of her own pussy causing her hips rocked as she fucked Emerald’s tongue. 
“Yes,” Dante purred. 
Tonya felt Dante’s hand on the back of her head pushing it down, causing her face to be covered completely by Emerald’s pussy.  
“Stick your tongue out and flick it back and forth,” Dante commanded.
Tonya felt him grab a handful of her hair, and move her head back and forth.  She felt his hot breath against her ear.  He wanted a good look at what she was doing.  She did as he commanded by sticking her tongue out and flicking it back and forth.  She could feel the folds of Emerald’s pussy as her tongue passed over. 
“That’s it, eat that pussy.” Dante pushed down on her head again. “Stick your nose up her.” 
Tonya let Dante guide her movements. He rammed her nose into Emerald’s hole, and ground her face into the slick wet pussy.  “Stick your tongue all the way out, mmm, that’s it, fuck her pussy, mmm yes.”  Dante grabbed more of Tonya’s hair, bobbing her head faster, grinding it deeper into Emerald’s pussy.  “Keep eating her,” Dante said, releasing Tonya’s head. 
Tonya felt Dante pushing down on her hips, smashing her pussy onto Emerald’s face.  “Come on, lick that fucking pussy,” Dante barked.  “Sit up, Tonya.”
 Tonya obeyed. “Sit on her fucking face.”  Tonya sat back firmly on Emerald’s face. “Now fuck her face, rub your pussy all over it.” Tonya obeyed doing as her Master commanded. 
“Yesssss,” Dante hissed going to the end of the bed and lifting Emerald’s hips up. With one thrust, he impaled her tiny frame with his big cock. “Ride her face. Fucking come all over it.” 
Tonya obeyed rutting her pussy hard against Emerald’s face as she watched Dante pound at Emerald’s pussy with his cock. His thrusts were hard and violent.  All the while, he watched Tonya. 
 “Come,” he growled. “Fucking come.” 
Tonya moved her clit over Emerald’s mouth, feeling her tongue lick rapidly. “Spread your pussy open now!” Dante barked. Tonya reached down and spread her pussy lips apart giving Dante a nice view of Emerald’s tongue lapping at her.  “That’s it come, mmmm. Fuck yeah.” 
Tonya threw her head back and screamed her climax.  “Sit down on her face, cover the whole fucking thing.” Tonya obeyed sitting firmly on Emerald’s face. 
“Fuck, Fuck!!!” Dante pulled his cock out and sprayed his cum all over Emerald’s belly.  “Get down here and lick my cum up.” 
Tonya bent over and lapped up every drop.  
“Very good,” Dante sighed, falling into bed.  “Come” Both women quickly fell into his arms.  He pulled Emerald up to him and proceeded to lick Tonya’s pussy juice off her face.  “Yummy,” he said, pulling Tonya up to him doing the same to her.  “Now sleep.” 
Both women cuddled up against him and contently fell asleep.

***

Tonya awakened abruptly feeling her body being turned over.  She felt a hard male body under her and another set of strong hands on her hips. Her eyes fluttered open and she caught a glimpse of Dante’s braided hair fanned out over the mattress.  She felt his cock fill her pussy and another cock fill her ass.  The hands that gripped her hips held her firmly, almost painfully. 
“Stay still, Tonya,” Dante commanded.  “Rock her Apollo, make her ride my cock.” 
“Yes Master,” Apollo’s deep voice replied.
“Apollo,” Tonya whispered.  She remembered him from when she first arrived.  This excited her.  She found herself starting to rock back and forth. 
“Stay still,” Dante rumbled.  She grimaced as he pulled her hair. 
Apollo grunted and growled as he pounded at her ass. This brought her closer to her own orgasm.  “Apollo,” she whispered again, but this time Dante heard her. 
“Make me come,” Dante commanded. 
Apollo rocked Tonya back and forth causing her pussy to slide up and down on Dante’s cock.  She felt Apollo lean into her, pressing her between both of their glorious bodies.  Dante growled out his orgasm followed shortly by Apollo. 
Apollo climbed off of her and went to a kneeling position by Dante’s bed. Tonya looked at him then at Dante.  “Yes Tonya, that is expected, Apollo is trained well.” She immediately climbed off of Dante and knelt on the floor beside Apollo.  “You may only share my bed if I have given you permission,” Dante said, sitting up in his bed. Apollo jumped to his feet and went to Dante’s closet. He quickly returned with a pair of Dante’s leather pants. 
“Very good, Apollo.” Dante caressed his hair as Apollo knelt beside Tonya.  “I may give this woman to you Apollo would you like that?” 
Tonya could feel Apollo’s eyes on her.  “Very much so, Master.” 
“But Master Dante, I belong to Master Alan Demonte.” 
“You belong to me.” Dante rose and strolled over to the bar. “And I will do with you as I please.” 
“Master Dante, I…”
“Silence,” Dante’s voice rumbled.  “Your Master sold you to me yesterday.”
“What?” Tonya started to shake. 
Apollo couldn’t stop himself from feeling sorry for her.  He couldn’t imagine how he would feel if Dante sold him to someone else. It would be worse than if Dante just released him.
Dante slowly sipped his juice watching the way Apollo looked upon the woman.  He was pleased with Apollo’s response. Since Bazil became his favorite, Dante knew he neglected his Apollo. He meant a lot to him but not as much as Bazil.  Maybe giving Apollo his own plaything would show that Dante did still care for him. 
“You are mine Tonya and I give you to Apollo.” Dante sat the glass down and went back over to them.  “Now you two leave me.” 
“Yes Master,” they said in unison. 
Tonya quickly stood and followed Apollo out of the room.  Alan gave her away so easily. This thought tore at her.  She kept her eyes down as they entered Apollo’s chamber. 
 She looked up slowly as she felt the heaviness of Apollo’s stare.  His face beamed as he looked upon her, but she suspected it was Dante’s gesture not her that lit up his face. 
“Well what do I do with you?” Apollo said as he lay on in his bed and removed his pants.  “I want you to suck my cock, slow and deep.” 
Tonya climbed onto his bed and took his cock into her mouth. Apollo looked up at the mirrors he had mounted above his bed.  “Every night you will do this. Mmmm,” he purred, he placed his hands on her head. 

***

Dante sat behind his desk and picked up the phone.  He looked out the large window and spotted Bazil who was busy sketching the landscape.  Dante smiled then stood, taking the phone with him.  “Yes get me Mr. Demonte.”
  Dante’s cock hardened as he watched the intensity within Bazil when he created his artwork. This was but one of the things he adored about Bazil.  “This is Master Dante.” He couldn’t pull his gaze away from Bazil. The way the sunlight played off Bazil’s golden hair was intoxicating.  “That slave you sent me is pathetic. You may come and pick her up.”  Dante’s eyes traveled down Bazil’s body then back up to his face, where his gaze remained. That look of concentration and delight Bazil had as he created mesmerized him.  “No excuses, she will need too much training.”  Dante’s glare followed Bazil’s tongue as it slowly went across his lips.  “I will tell you what, since I can tell you are a good trainer and just had the misfortune of a bad slave, I will take the woman off your hands.  The challenge of training one so pathetic intrigues me.”  Dante barely paid attention to Alan’s blatant ass kissing.  He knew tricking Alan would be so easy. In fact, Tonya was very well trained and perfect for Apollo, and this moron would gladly give her to Dante to gain his favor. “You are making the right choice, until next time Mr. Demonte.” 
Dante walked over to his desk and placed the phone down. He knew he lied to Tonya telling her that her master sold her, but he had already planned to keep her, it was just the matter of this one simple phone call. Men like Alan were easy to read, and acquiring Tonya for his Apollo would be easy as he just proved. 
Dante left his office and headed outside to the gardens where Bazil was. He stood behind him and watched as Bazil’s hand flew over the canvas. “It’s beautiful, my Bazil,” Dante said as he wrapped his arms around him. 
“Thank you, Master.” Bazil placed his drawing pencil down and turned to Dante.  He looked up into his Master’s face awaiting his command. 
“Bazil.” Dante lowered his lips and kissed him deeply.  “Go back to your drawing,” he whispered against his lips.  Dante could wait to make love to him later.  He didn’t want to disturb Bazil’s creative flow. 
“Yes Master.” Bazil turned back around, picked up his pencil and began sketching again.  Dante lovingly stroked his hair then headed back inside.  He had more training for Tonya to endure.



***

Tonya knelt on the floor next to Dante. The room he brought her to had all sorts of restraints and sexual torturing devices. She looked down at the marble floor. Drops of blood were splattered across it. Judging by the freshness of the blood someone had just received a beating.  Tonya lifted her eyes when she heard the sound of Dante’s whip striking flesh.  
Shock spread across her face brief as she looked upon the strong blond-haired man being beaten by Dante. He was strung up on the wall similar to the way she was earlier. Blood ran down his well-sculpted chest and yet he did not scream. 
“You ever touch my Bazil again Tavon, and I will do permanent damage to you,” Dante boomed. Tonya’s body chilled watching the force Dante beat Tavon. How could this man hold his agony?  She was in awe of his discipline, there was no way she could endure such a beating. 
“You are lucky Tavon, that I am pleased on how well you hold your tongue.” Dante coiled his whip back up.
Tonya wondered what did Tavon did to Bazil as she watched Dante make his way back to her. “Let this be a lesson, Tonya.  Tavon struck my Bazil out of his pathetic jealousy. No one is to lay a finger on Bazil.  This is your one and only warning.”
“Yes Master,” Tonya quietly said. 
“Stand up.”
“Yes Master.” Tonya was shocked when Dante ripped her clothing from her body then forcibly bent her over a large wooden block.  He locked her hands and feet in the metal restraints.  Her back tightened when she heard him uncoil his whip. The whip bit into the skin of her back, but she managed to squelch her scream by biting her lower.  Dante struck her three more times, nowhere near as hard as he had done to Tavon, but the pain was still intense.  Tonya stared at the floor, her arms and legs stretched so tight it made her stomach press into the wooden block.  She felt Dante’s hands spread her ass cheeks apart, and then she felt a large cold metal object pressing at her asshole. 
“Apollo come,” Dante said as he inserted the large metal dildo up Tonya’s ass. “We shall fill her full, which end do you want?” 
“I want her pussy, Master.” 
“Very well, but keep that dildo in her ass.”
“Yes Master.” 
Tonya bit her lip harder trying not to let out her moan of pleasure as Apollo entered her. The dildo stretched her ass and Apollo’s cock stretched her pussy. Each time Apollo thrust, he would push the dildo further into her ass.  Tonya was surprised when Dante pulled her hair forcing her head up.  She opened her mouth wide and waited for him to ram his cock into it. 
“Very good,” Dante growled, shoving his cock deep into her mouth.  He thrust at her mouth as Apollo thrust into her pussy.  Tonya sucked and relaxed her throat letting Dante fuck her mouth.  She felt his hands cup her ass as he thrust his cock harder and faster down her throat.  The pleasure filled Tonya, the sounds of their moans and grunts gave her a wonderful feeling. She wanted so much for both of them to come all over her.  Please Master Dante say something…she quietly hoped as he continued to fuck her mouth.  
“Ride her harder, Apollo. Mmm, yess swallow my fucking cock,” he shouted.
Yes Master, oh fuck yes, Tonya screamed to herself.  Use me. Make me feel like your slave, Master. Her orgasm started to build. 
“Suck woman, let me fucking hear it.” Dante smiled hearing the slurping noises coming from her. 
Tonya sucked as loudly as she could as her orgasm washed over her. 
“Cum on her, Apollo.” Dante smacked her ass hard.
Tonya felt Apollo’s cock pull out of her followed by warm sticky fluid being sprayed all over her back.  Dante pulled her head back violently, taking his cock out of her mouth. She saw him stroking his cock. She closed her eyes as his cum sprayed all over her face.  He pushed her head down then straddled the back of her head leaning over her. He grabbed the dildo and moved it in and out of her ass. 
Tonya wanted to shout, scream, even whimper her pleasure, but Dante didn’t give her permission to.  She couldn’t move her head, but she could smell Apollo’s scent. She felt the heaviness of his balls on the back of her head, followed by the delicious wet sounds only tongue could made. 
“Mmm, very good, Apollo,” Dante purred. 
Tonya could mentally picture what was happening. Apollo had to be rimming Dante. She felt his balls rub back and forth against the back of her head.  Dante slowly removed the metal dildo from her ass and leaned his body up against hers.  She had to take quick, shallow breaths, as the weight of Dante’s body combined with the wood block pressing into her stomach made it very hard to breathe.  The wet sounds coming from Apollo grew louder as Dante rubbed his cock against Tonya’s back. 
“Like that, Apollo, yesss.” Dante reached back and pushed Apollo’s face deeper into his ass. “Like that, Sssssmmm.” 
Tonya felt Apollo’s cum spray all over the back of her neck and Dante’s all over her back. 
“Enough Apollo,” Dante said, winded. 
“You may leave.” 
“Yes Master.” 
Tonya felt Apollo rise and Dante step back. She took several deep breaths, thankful to be able to breathe normally again. 
“As for you.” Dante unshackled her arms and legs then helped her up. “I am most pleased with you. You may look at me.” 
Tonya slowly lifted her eyes to his.  God he was beautiful. 
“You will make a wonderful companion for Apollo. Not to mention a pleasant distraction for me.” Dante smiled at her.
Tonya basked in his praise, enjoying the warmth his smiled brought to her. 
“Now go bathe and make yourself presentable for Apollo.” He stroked her cheek tenderly.
“Yes Master Dante.”  She watched as he left the room, her eyes unable to leave him until he was no longer with her. 

***

Tonya felt Apollo pull on the leash. He had placed a collar around her neck and now he secured the leash to the wall. She was on her knees before him with her legs slightly apart.  All the mirrors Apollo had in his room were a bit distracting. She slowly looked up when she felt him walk away.  He walked over to the bed and sat down. He just looked at her. The intensity of his stare aroused her. 
“Touch your pussy,” he said.
She did as he commanded, letting her fingers circle around her clit. He watched every movement of her fingers. Her breathing became labored as her arousal intensified. She gasped watching him slowly stroke his cock as he continued to stare at her. 
He stood still stroking his cock. “Come,” he said. 
She closed her eyes and let her orgasm wash over her. She felt his fingers in her hair, followed shortly by streams of his hot cum spraying over her face and breasts. 
“Look at me,” he whispered. 
She looked up into his handsome face as he slowly came down to his knees. He brought his hand to her face and rubbed his cum all over her face until her skin absorbed it, his hands slowly wandered down to her breasts where he rubbed his cum into her skin.  He was so intense, his stare, his touch. Tonya was drawn to his intensity. She wondered if it was what had made Apollo Dante’s favorite once. 
Her whole body tingled from his unexpected kiss. The fire of his kiss melted her. His tongue explored her mouth, his breath was warm and his lips were soft. His masculine scent enveloped her as he crushed his body against hers. He literally took her breath away with his intense kiss. Then he pulled away and pushed her to the ground. 
“You are going to stay like that until I return,” he growled at her. 
She heard him put his pants on and stomp out of the room. She was confused by his cold action after such a passionate kiss. She lay on the floor, fearing that his punishments were probably even more intense than his affections.

***

Apollo looked at himself in the foyer mirror. He ran his fingers through his hair making sure he looked presentable for Master’s guests.  He nodded his head toward Habu as the guard opened the front door. Apollo walked to the awaiting limo. 
“Oh, aren’t you a beautiful creature,” the middle aged woman said as Apollo helped her out of the limo.  “Look at him, Rita.” She looked back at her friend. 
Apollo helped Rita out of the car also. 
“Damn, what is your name, sexy?” 
“My name is Apollo.” 
“I like that.” Rita smiled. “What do you think, Lisa?” 
“Very nice.” Lisa ran her hand over Apollo’s tight ass. 
“Please follow me.” He stepped away from their groping hands. Though both of the women were attractive, Apollo didn’t like Dante’s guests touching him without Dante’s permission. After all, he was Dante’s slave.  He heard the familiar “oohs” and “ahhs” as he led the women to Dante’s chamber. Master Dante’s mansion was exquisite, Apollo was proud to live there.
“Please wait,” he said as he stood by Dante’s chamber door.
“Anything you say, sexy,” Lisa said as her eyes slowly wandered down Apollo’s body. 
He knocked on the door then entered. Dante was pulling his long braided hair back. Apollo hurried over to him. “Please allow me, Master.” Apollo took the leather band from Dante and lovingly tied back Dante’s hair. 
“I take it the guests are here.” 
“Yes Master.” 
“Tell me, Apollo, are you pleased with the gift I gave you earlier?” 
“Yes, Master. The woman was a generous gift. Thank you.” 
Dante turned around and looked down into Apollo’s eyes. “I am glad to hear that.” He briefly kissed Apollo. 
“Master,” Apollo sighed. 
“Now, show my guests in.” 
Apollo hurried to the door. “You may come in,” he said to the women. He watched the looks on their faces when they saw Dante for the first time. His Master always filled him with a sense of pride, watching the way his guests reacted to him. Complete awe, was on both of the women’s faces. All Apollo could think about was that this was his Master, his. These women could only bask in Dante’s glow for a short time, but Apollo had the honor of being around him all of the time. 
Apollo stood at attention awaiting Dante’s orders. He looked over as Dante motioned toward Habu. 
“Bring my males to me,” Dante said to Habu. 
“Would you be available, Master Dante?” Rita purred. 
“I don’t touch my guests unless they come here to train.” 
Apollo wanted to tell these women that they haven’t earned the right to touch his Master, but, he kept quiet. Speaking out in front of Dante’s guests would just earn him Dante’s whip. Apollo looked toward the door when Tavon, Silas, and Xylon entered the room.  Dante had several more males, but these three and Apollo were mostly offered to the guests. 
Silas recently earned Dante’s favor simply because Bazil liked Silas. Apollo still didn’t like the fact that Dante took Silas away from him, after all, Silas was Apollo’s plaything first, but now that he had Tonya, he couldn’t really care what happened to Silas. 
The two women looked over the three men. Tavon was six foot tall, long ash-blond hair and nicely built, Xylon was oriental, had short black hair and sinewy muscles, while Silas was average size, had short brown hair and beautiful green eyes. He was a bit more average looking, compared to the other men. 
“Well they are all pretty nice,” Lisa said, looking at the men. 
“I want someone to dominate me,” Rita added.  “Lisa would like a more passive man.”
“I want Apollo,” Rita said, smiling at him. 
“Hey, you bitch, you knew I wanted to play with him.” Lisa gave Rita a shove. 
“Ladies, Apollo could easily fuck both of you, but, Lisa if you want someone more submissive, I would suggest Silas. If you want someone perhaps a bit bigger than you, you’ll want Tavon. Xylon is more dominant and so too is Apollo.” 
“Alright give me Tavon.” Lisa walked over to him. 
“Rita, Apollo is more, how should I put this, for the advance lover. You might be better off with Xylon.” 
“What do you mean, advance lover? Please explain.” 
“Apollo can completely dominate you, but I doubt you could handle his brutality. Xylon could also dominate you; he is a bit gentler on his lovers.” 
“Well, I think I can handle Apollo. Besides, he is just too damn sexy. Xylon is beautiful, but he is just not my type.” 
“Alright, but you have been warned. Xylon escort Rita to Apollo’s chambers. I need to speak with him for a moment.” 
“Yes Master.” 
Dante waited for both women to leave. “Apollo, I want you to show that little rich bitch everything I have taught you. There will be no safe word.” 
“Yes Master.” Apollo could feel Dante’s anger and it ignited his. 
Apollo headed back to his chambers. He will make Dante proud of just how well he would dominate this woman and knowing that Tonya would watch every delicious moment of it made Apollo’s cock so hard. 

***

“Who is this? And more importantly does she really have to be here?” Rita asked when she saw Tonya lying on the floor. 
Apollo looked down at Tonya and smiled. She managed to stay just like he left her. He walked over to her and helped her to a seated position. “Very good,” he whispered as he nuzzled his face against hers. 
“Excuse me. I want that little bitch out of here.” Rita crossed her arms and started tapping her foot. 
“You will sit against the wall and watch everything I do,” Apollo said to Tonya as he caressed her cheek. 
“Yes, Apollo.” Tonya’s mouth was so dry. 
Apollo walked over to the bar and poured some water into a glass. He headed back to Tonya and handed it to her. 
“Thank you,” She quietly said, and then guzzled the water down. 
“Did you hear me?” Rita said.
She gasped when Apollo charged at her and threw her onto the bed. Before she had time to react Apollo grabbed her arms and secured her wrists in the metal shackles. 
“What in the hell do you think you are doing?” 
“Dominating you,” Apollo growled.  He climbed off the bed grabbed his whip from his dresser and snapped it on the bed right next to her. 
“Don’t even think about…” Rita winced when Apollo’s whip kissed her thigh. 
“Shut up. You wanted me. Master warned you about me and you didn’t listen. Now you will feel the sweet pain that I can give.” 
“No, damn it, I don’t want this.” 
“Too fucking bad.” Apollo brought his whip across her thighs, belly and breasts. 
Tonya watched every movement he made. She knew he was holding back, giving this woman just a taste of what he was capable of. Strangely, it excited Tonya. Her pussy grew wetter with each moment she watched him. 
Apollo looked over and saw the lust in Tonya’s eyes. He threw the whip down and walked over to her. “Come here,” he growled, lifting her to her feet. He removed his pants then grabbed her and pinned her up against the wall. He positioned her over his cock then filled her with one thrust. He growled and grunted as he thrust harder and harder. 
“Apollo,” she cooed into his ear.
“Ahhhh!!!” he cried out as he buried his cock to the hilt as his orgasm consumed him. 
“You bastard,” Rita wailed as she fought with her restraints. 
Apollo slowly lowered Tonya down to her feet. “On your knees,” he said in a stern voice. Tonya immediately obeyed. Apollo walked over to where he threw his whip then headed back toward the bed. 
“No!” Rita cried out as Apollo began whipping her again. He didn’t listen to her protest, but instead watched the delicious look of lust on Tonya’s face. 
Apollo used Rita over and over, each time more brutal than the next. Finally Rita begged him to stop. Apollo threw her to the floor, while his eyes locked on Tonya. He wanted nothing more than to grab Tonya and fuck the hell out of her, but he denied himself, letting his anticipation grow. If only Rita could take more, oh how delicious this scenario would be. Finally, he looked over to Rita huddled on the floor, she was still sobbing. 
“Master told you to be with Xylon, you should have listened.” 
“I want out of here. Take me to your Master, you son of a bitch.” 
“Don’t talk to Apollo that way. He gave you what you asked for.” Tonya quickly looked to the floor, knowing she probably overstepped her boundaries, but at the moment she didn’t really care. 
“I will take you to Master,” Apollo said as he slowly climbed out of bed and put on his pants. He walked over to Tonya. She expected him to deal out some sort of punishment, but instead he gently caressed her hair. “You may move freely around my chamber. Take a bath, have some food brought up for yourself,” he said as he continued to gently pet her. 
“Thank you, Apollo,” she quickly said. 
“As for you.” Apollo turned to Rita. He charged at her and pulled her up to her feet. “Let’s go see my Master.” He smiled so wickedly at her it gave her chills. 

***

Apollo groaned as Dante beat the new slave. This man was given to Dante by another Master and Dante didn’t even bother to give him a name.  Rita was told to sit and watch. Apollo smiled seeing the horrified look on her face as Dante continued to beat the man. Apollo was knelt beside Dante as he was instructed to do. Anticipation filled Apollo. Dante was always very horny after training a new slave. 
The man’s cries filled the air as Dante continued. 
“Stop it!” Rita whimpered. 
Dante charged at her and lifted her from the chair, holding her wrists firmly in his hand. “Do you want to take his place? Do you desire to taste my whip?” 
“NO!!” she cried out. Her whole body was trembling. 
Dante threw her back into the chair. “You contacted me, woman.  Didn’t the fool who directed you here tell you that I am the Master of Pain?” 
“No, he just said you were one of the best Masters.” 
“Then I suggest you get the fuck out of here.” 
Rita dashed from the room. Apollo could hear her crying out for her friend Lisa. These two women won’t be back. 
“Come here, Apollo,” Dante boomed. 
Apollo crawled over to Dante. He could hear his Master unzip his pants, making Apollo’s mouth water. Apollo came up to his knees and opened his mouth. Dante shoved his cock down his throat, giving Apollo what he wanted.  Dante firmly gripped Apollo’s head as he brutally fucked his mouth. 
“Take your cock out and stroke yourself. I know you want to,” Dante said, thrusting harder. 
Apollo quickly obeyed, stroking his cock faster and faster as he sucked on Dante’s cock. Dante buried his cock to the hilt down Apollo’s throat. He arched his head back as he came, Apollo’s head against him. 
“Come, Apollo,” Dante growled. 
Apollo started to feel light-headed from the lack of air, then his orgasm hit. Dante slowly pulled his cock from his mouth. 
Apollo breathed in as his body shuddered from the aftermath of his powerful orgasm. Dante pushed his face closer and Apollo lovingly started licking at Dante’s balls. 
“Mmm, that feels good,” He purred as he ran his fingers through Apollo’s hair. “You did a wonderful job with that guest. I don’t think she will be back.” 
“Thank you, Master.” Apollo buried his face in Dante’s balls as he continued to caress them with his tongue. 

***

Tonya lay in Apollo’s bed. She had just eaten a delightful meal that Bazil prepared for her. She wasn’t expecting to see anyone but servants in the kitchen let alone having Bazil cook for her, but he did. He was charming company as they ate dinner together. Apollo had been gone for a few hours now, no doubt pleasuring his Master. Tonya wondered if Dante would ever want her again, especially now that she was Apollo’s. 
She jerked when she heard the door open. Apollo was happy, it showed on his face. This lightened her heart. She couldn’t help but smile at him. A flood of warmth filled her when he returned that smile. 
“Did you get something to eat?” Apollo asked, sitting next to her on the bed. 
“Yes, I did.” 
“Good, I like your body the way it is. I don’t want you to get any thinner.” He lay down beside her. 
“May I caress your body?” she asked. 
“Alright” Apollo rolled over onto his stomach. 
Tonya straddled his hips and slowly began massaging his back. “Master Dante must have been pleased with you.” 
“Yes, he was.” 
“May I ask something?” 
“You can talk freely.” 
“Did that awful woman get what she deserved for treating you like some servant?” 
Apollo chuckled. “Yes, Master taught her a lesson.” 
“Good.” Tonya continued caressing him. She loved the feel of his skin and muscles. His body was so firm, yet soft.  She massaged him until he fell asleep. She slowly climbed off him and lay next to him. Tonya lightly ran her fingers through his hair.  Apollo was a mystery. She barely knew him, but somehow she had the feeling few people truly did. She had so many questions she wanted to ask him. 
She gasped when she saw him staring at her. 
“Why do you look at me like that?” 
“I was just thinking about how much I would like to know you.” 
“Why?” 
“I am yours now. I would like to know how to serve you better.” 
Apollo rolled over then sat up, leaning his back against the headboard. “Well what do you want to know?” 
“How did you find Master Dante?” 
“Xanthos gave me to him.” 
“Who is Xanthos?” 
“He was my first Master, though you could say he was more like a trainer. I was very young when my mother sold me to Xanthos.” 
“What?” Tonya sat up and tried to reach for his hand but he wouldn’t allow it.
“I don’t want your pity.” 
“Please, tell me more.” 
Apollo began to climb out of the bed, but Tonya grabbed his arm. She was shocked when he leapt on her and pinned her to the bed. “Don’t ever touch me like that again.” 
“I am sorry.” 
Apollo had her arms pinned above her head. “I was only fourteen when my mother sold me. Xanthos kept me as a servant first. He was busy training some other young man and had no time for me. I guess I should be grateful for that. He took up all of Xanthos’ time and he left the running of his home to his male treasure. For the life of me I can’t remember his name, but this asshole wasted no time using me as his personal plaything.” 
“You were so young, it’s wrong to…” 
“Well, not at Xanthos’ home.” Apollo released Tonya and climbed off of her. He hadn’t spoken of this to any other person except for Dante. “When Xanthos finally came to me, he told me I was going to be given to a man named Dante. That I was never to tell anyone that I lived in his home.” Apollo just sat silently. 
“He just gave you away…like my Master.” 
Apollo turned around and looked at her. “Yeah, pretty much the same way, but when I met Master Dante, I didn’t care…I loved him the moment I saw him.” 
Tonya saw the sadness creeping into Apollo’s face. She wanted to reach out and touch him, but she knew he wouldn’t allow it. 
“I was Master Dante’s favorite for quite some time. It was heavenly.” 
“You still are one of his favorites.” 
“Bazil is his fucking favorite. That fucking little sissy boy took my place in Master’s heart.” Apollo’s feelings switched so rapidly it scared her. He was like a bomb with a hair trigger, only she didn’t know what set him off. 
“I doubt that.” 
“You don’t know me, you don’t know this house. What makes you qualified to say something like that?” 
“I see how Master Dante looks at you. He gave you me, to make you feel better. If he didn’t care anymore why would he bother?” Tonya gasped when Apollo grabbed her and dragged her over to the wall. He shackled her arms and legs and pushed her face to the wall. There was a moment of silence before she heard the familiar whoosh noise of his whip. 
“You don’t know me. You don’t know my Master,” Apollo cried out as he whipped her back. 
“I want to know you, Apollo!” she yelled. 
“AHHHH!!! WHY?” 
She cringed when she heard him beating the bed with the whip. The force he was using split the bedpost.
“What in the hell is going on?” Dante said as he burst through the door. 
“AHHH!!” Apollo cried as he threw the whip and smashed the wall. 
“Apollo, on your knees, now!” Dante watched as he slowly came down to his knees. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” 
“You are going to throw me away,” Apollo quietly said. 
Dante walked over to Tonya and unshackled her from the wall. “On your knees, woman. Somehow I think it was you who picked at his emotional wound.”
“I didn’t mean to hurt him, Master Dante. I just wanted to know him…” 
“Shut up, before you taste my whip.” Dante walked over to Apollo. “Stand up.” Dante grabbed Apollo’s arm and pulled him close. “I will never throw you away, ever. Are you listening to me, Apollo?” 
“Yes Master.” 
“Don’t ever think that again.” Dante turned to Tonya. “And you, woman, don’t upset him again or you will answer to me.” 
“Master, I didn’t mean to…”
“Shut up.” Dante cupped the back of Apollo’s head then kissed him deeply. Apollo melted into Dante’s embrace. “You will always be my Apollo…always,” Dante whispered. He released him and walked to the door. “Now call someone to fix that,” Dante pointed to the wood canopy on the bed, “before it falls down. Wouldn’t want all the mirrors you’ve got on that damn canopy to go smashing all over the place.” 
“Yes Master.” 
Dante left the room.  Tonya slowly came up to her feet. “Apollo, I am sorry.” 
“It is alright. I have to find someone to fix this.” He walked over to her and turned her around. He came down to a squatting position as he kissed the whip marks on her back. 
This unexpected act of tenderness was heavenly to her. 
“I am sorry that I took my anger out on you,” he said as he continued to kiss the whip marks. “I could have hurt you.” 
“But you didn’t.” 
Apollo stood up. “Get dressed.” 
She quickly did, and then she quickly followed him out of the room. 

***

Apollo said little as they walked around the mansion. He seemed lost in his own world. Tonya didn’t want to disturb his thoughts. She enjoyed just being with him. 
“Apollo, Master wants you to go pick up his new guest,” Habu said. He smiled down at Tonya. She couldn’t help but smile back at him.
“Alright, Tonya you will join me.” 
“Yes, Apollo.” 
They both got dressed. She wore a simple sundress and he wore jeans and a black T-shirt. She wondered if they were dressed appropriately. Apollo led her out to the waiting limo.  The inside of it was very luxurious.
“This is nice,” she said, looking around the limo.
“Master has great taste.” 
“If it is alright to ask, who are we going to pick up?” 
“Master Talon. He wants to kiss my Master’s ass.” 
“Oh…” 
“Same old shit. I am sure Talon wants something from Master.” 
“I can’t help but to hear the disdain in your voice.” 
“There are only two Masters I have any respect for. The others I have met so far, in my opinion are unworthy to be called Masters. Your former Master is included in that sorry bunch.” 
“Who is the other Master you respect?” 
“A man called Master Drake. I met him when my Master went to visit one of his old slaves. That man knew how to be a Master.” 
“Perhaps, I will meet this Master Drake someday. Any man who has earned your respect must be quite a man.” 
Apollo turned and looked out the window. Tonya was starting to get under his skin but in a good way and he didn’t know if he liked that. She admired him, it was quite obvious, but there was something extra in her eyes…warmth. 
Apollo instructed Tonya to wait in the limo while he went inside the hotel to get Talon. A short while later Apollo came out with an elegant older man with a fairly young man following behind him. Apollo climbed into the limo and sat beside Tonya. 
“This is Tonya,” Apollo said as Talon and the young man sat down. 
“Charmed.” Talon smiled at her. “This is Jacob, a present I have brought for your Master.” 
Apollo reached over and grabbed Jacob. He latched onto his short dark hair and pushed his head down. Apollo took his cock out of his pants and shoved Jacob’s face onto it. “Suck my cock. Let’s see if you are worthy to be with my Master.” Apollo rammed his cock into Jacob’s eager mouth. 
“I assure you that he knows how to suck cock.” Talon chuckled. “Come here woman and keep me entertained.” 
“No, don’t touch her,” Apollo growled as he ground Jacob’s face into his pubic hair. 
“Very well.” Talon had no wish to upset Apollo. He had seen what Apollo was capable of and since he wasn’t his Master, Talon didn’t want to chance that Apollo would listen to his commands or not. 
Apollo pulled his cock from Jacob’s mouth and stroked it. “Keep your mouth open.” He watched as his cum shot into Jacob’s mouth. He smiled as Jacob licked all the cum from the head of his cock, then he carefully he placed it back into Apollo’s pants. 
“I told you, Jacob knew how to suck cock.” 
“Then why are you so eager to give him to my Master?” 
“Only the best for Dante.” 
Apollo sat silently as they drove back to the mansion. Dante always sent Apollo to collect the guests. He remembered Dante telling him why. You are beautiful, my Apollo, and you are lethal. You are the first thing I want my guests to see, my best slave.  Dante’s words echoed through Apollo’s mind, this made him smile.
Apollo told Tonya to go wait in his chamber while he escorted Talon to Dante. He left as soon as Dante dismissed him and he headed back to his chambers where Tonya was waiting for him. He didn’t wish to see Talon trying to gain Dante’s favor anyways.  
“What about you?” he asked her as he kicked off his shoes and pulled off the T-shirt. 
“What is it that you wish to know?” Tonya quickly grabbed his shoes and shirt off the floor and took care of them. She went into his closet and pulled out a pair of soft black leather pants that Dante required his males to wear. She handed the pants to Apollo then gathered the jeans he had just discarded.
“Tell me about you.” Apollo sat on the bed. 
“There is little to tell.” She was a bit embarrassed to tell him about herself. 
“You better tell me or else I will get angry. I can always find out everything I want to know about you from Master, but I thought you might like to tell me yourself.” 
“Umm…well…” 
“Sit down next to me. It can’t be that bad. Trust me, I have heard about all the slaves here.” 
Tonya slowly sat next to him. 
“I am afraid you will think ill of me.” 
“Don’t worry, very few things shock me anymore. Now tell me, my patience is running out.” 
“I ran away from home when I was sixteen. To support myself I became a…prostitute.” Tonya felt her shame creep up. She didn’t want Apollo to know this about her. 
“It’s alright.” Apollo grabbed her hand. It surprised her. “My mother pimped me out since I was twelve. Her new boyfriend was about to find out about me and that is why she sold me to Xanthos.” 
“Apollo…” 
“So see, I won’t think less of you just because you did what you had to do to survive. How did you come to serve your former Master?” 
“Well, he wasn’t my first Master.” Tonya moved closer to Apollo. “My first Master was this very gentle man who was probably in his fifties when he found me on the streets. I was eighteen and he was one of my regular customers. He wanted me to come live with him. He was the one who introduced me to this world. I think he wanted companionship more than anything else. I lived with him for about five years.” 
“What happened?” 
“He died. But he did have connections in this circle of Masters and Mistresses. Your former Master Xanthos was my next Master’s trainer. Though I went from one Master to another for a little while, I was what they call a party favor, or at least that is what Master Demonte said I was. He bought me from some new Master and I stayed with him for quite some time, until well you know the rest.” 
“Party favor?  I haven’t heard of that term before.” 
“A party favor is a slave who has no place in their Master’s heart, so they are passed around to all the other Masters.”
“He called you this?” 
“Yes.” 
“How long was he your Master?” 
“For about six years.” 
“What an asshole.” Apollo stood and began pacing. Tonya became tense. Apollo was getting angrier by the moment. “You are not some party favor. Stay here.” 
“Apollo, where are you going?” 
“To handle something, now stay here.” Tonya watched him stomp out of the room. His temper flared so fast, but this time, he was angry about what happened to her. He did care about her; why else would he be angry. She was drawn to him, more than she was to any other man before, even more so than Master Dante. She was falling in love with Apollo and it could be very dangerous. Apollo seemed incapable of loving anyone, except of course for his Master.  From the little that he had told her about himself, she could understand why. 

***

Apollo paced back and forth in front of Dante’s chamber. 
“What is wrong, Apollo?” Habu asked. He was one of Dante’s sentinels and it was his turn to stand guard by Dante’s chamber. 
“I want to talk with Master.” 
“Then knock and go inside.” 
“I don’t know if I should bother him with this.” Apollo quickly looked up when he heard Habu knock on the door. “What are you doing?” Apollo growled. 
“You should talk with Master. It’s better than you pacing in front of his door.” 
Dante opened the door. “What is it?” 
“Master, Apollo wishes to speak with you.” 
“Come in, Apollo.” 
Apollo quickly followed Dante inside. The slave Jacob that Master Talon gave Dante was chained to the wall. It looked like Dante had just finished whipping the new slave. 
“I shouldn’t bother you,” Apollo quickly said.
“Out with it, Apollo.” Dante lay down on the bed. 
Apollo hurried over and came to his knees beside Dante. “Tonya told me about her former Master and it really pissed me off the things he said to her.” 
“You want some sort of revenge?” 
“Yes Master.” 
“That pathetic former Master of hers isn’t worth the effort. He has no respect in the community and is constantly trying to buy some.”
“Why is a man like that honored by being called Master?” 
“Good question, Apollo.” Dante looked down at him. “I have never seen you get so upset over a slave before.” 
“It’s just men like her former Master piss me off.” 
“Reminds you of Xanthos doesn’t it?” 
Apollo looked up at Dante. “He threw both of us away, Master.” 
“His loss. Why all of a sudden are you thinking about all of this?” 
“Tonya, Master.” 
“Ah…” Dante scooted over on the bed. “Come here, Apollo.” 
Apollo quickly climbed into the bed and lay in Dante’s arms. He closed his eyes and breathed in Dante’s scent. It had been so long since he had lain like this with his Master. 
“I know you have trouble with emotions, which is why you are so volatile.” Dante stroked Apollo’s hair. “Of course, your unpredictability is what I like so much about you.” Dante chuckled. “We have been through a lot together, Apollo.” 
“Yes, we have, Master.” 
“I think Tonya will be good for you. If you think otherwise I will send her to stay with my females.” 
“I want her to stay with me.” 
“Good, now sleep with me for a while. This will calm you, and then I will let you beat my gift from Talon.” 
“Thank you, Master.” Apollo smiled as he snuggled closer to Dante. 

***

Tonya walked around the gardens with Apollo. The day was beautiful and she felt content just being with him.   He hardly said anything these last couple of days, and he barely touched her.
He stopped abruptly and she quickly looked toward what had captured his attention.  Bazil was painting a portrait of Emerald by the fountain in the middle of the gardens. He seemed lost in his work and didn’t notice them at all. Tonya looked at Apollo’s anger slowly started to brew in his eyes. 
“Perhaps we should go in now, Apollo.” 
“Why?” 
“I miss your touch.” 
Apollo looked down at her. “I will not give you gentleness right at this moment.” 
“I know.” 
He grabbed her hand and led her back to his chambers. Apollo tore the dress from her body then used it to bind her hands to the bedpost. He grabbed his whip. He paused for a moment and took a deep breath before he struck her. 
Tonya hugged the bedpost and endured lash after lash of his whip. She heard him drop the whip to the floor and she sighed when his body press against hers and his hands covered hers.  
He held her like that for a little while then tore the cloth that bound her hands. He turned her around and threw her onto the bed. Slowly he climbed on top of her. She opened her legs for him. He grabbed her hips lifting them off the bed then he impaled her with his cock. He thrust wildly into her.
“Watch,” he growled, looking up at the mirrors above them. 
Tonya gasped watching Apollo’s cock going in and out of her, harder and harder, faster and faster. Knowing that he was watching her was so erotic that she grabbed her breasts squeezing them together as she continued to watch. 
“Yessss,” Apollo hissed, seeing her get off on watching them. 
“Come all over me, please,” she begged. 
Apollo pulled his cock out and stroked it a couple time before he sprayed his cum all over her breasts.  She continued to watch every movement he made in the mirror. He lay on top of her and she wrapped her legs and arms around him. He knew she was focused on them in the mirror. This thought excited him, causing his cock to harden again. He slowly thrusted, filling her, he allowed her to enjoy the image of their lovemaking for as long as possible. 
“Kiss me please, Apollo.” 
He kissed her hard and hungrily, letting his tongue explore her mouth. He felt her pussy clamp down on his cock. He sighed as he held their kiss, letting his orgasm flood through him. He held their kiss for a little longer then rolled off her. 
“I understand why you like mirrors so much now.” 
“Mmm,” he purred. 
“Are you going to keep me?” she whispered. 
“Yes,” he simply replied. He couldn’t help but be warmed by her smile. 
“Apollo, Master summons you,” Habu said as he knocked on the door. 
“I will be right there.” Apollo quickly climbed out of the bed and so did Tonya. She hurried to the closet and grabbed him a fresh pair of pants while he brushed his hair. She handed the pants to him and watched as he put them on. Apollo ran his hand down her hair before he left the room. 
Tonya smiled as she tidied up his chamber. Apollo was a mystery and she couldn’t wait to figure him out, if she ever could. 

The End





These next three stories can be read for free on my website www.justusroux.com


                
Poison


Prologue:

Regina jerked when she heard the metal sound of the doors closing. She doubted she would ever get use that noise. She looked up at the woman who was appointed to represent her. 
“Mrs. Mitchell…” 
“Please call me Regina.” 
“Alright Regina, my name is Katrina, I am here to start to put together some kind of defense for you, so I will have to know what happened that night.” 
“I am afraid I will have to go back a little further than that night for you to understand.” 
“I don’t really need to understand why you killed that woman. I just need to know if you killed her.” 
“I killed her, but I need you to know why.” Regina didn’t know why she needed this complete stranger to understand, but she did. She only hoped that Katrina would indulge her.
“Alright Regina tell me your story.” Katrina pulled a tape recorder and got a note pad and pen ready. Maybe this will give her something to use for this woman’s defense. Just by looking at her she didn’t seem like the murdering type. 
“I want you to know that I did love my husband Richard, love was never the problem in our marriage. Now, I wish…” Regina’s voice started to shake. 
“Here…” Katrina handed her a glass of water. “Take your time.” 
Regina slowly sipped the water. “I wish I could go back and stop myself from going to that club. I wish I never met…Poison.” 
“Poison?” 
“He is the reason I am here and not at home with Richard.” Regina drank the rest of the water. “I wish…oh damn you Poison.” 

Chapter One

Regina parked out in front of the Sweet Agony. Ever since she heard about this S&M club from an Internet friend she had been dying to check it out. She needed something more, a little spice in her life. Her life was in rut and she was damn determined to get herself out of it. 
She and Richard had been married for ten years. Though he was a sweet man, he wasn’t too adventurous in the bedroom. Richard had left on yet another one of his business trips. He would be gone for at least a week. Plenty of time for her to have a little fling, play with someone new for a week, then go back to her safe ordinary world. It would save her sanity, she reasoned with herself. 
She had no idea what she should wear to this kind of club, so she just chose to wear her little black dress. She knew she was an attractive woman. She didn’t hide behind false modesty. She ran her fingers through her shoulder-length dark hair as she checked her makeup in the rearview mirror. She was going home with someone completely different than Richard, now the question she had to decide was who. She climbed out of the car and headed over to the club. 
When she entered the club she felt her disappointment mount. Leather clad men and scantily dressed women seemed to fill the club. It looked like the set of some cheesy porno movie. She walked over to the bar and sat down. There was no way she was going home with any of these walking clichés. She ordered vodka straight up and glanced around the bar. Her eyes locked with the gorgeous man who was standing at the end of the bar. He was wearing only jeans and a T-shirt, which made him stand out in the sea of leather. He downed his shot of whiskey, his pale blue eyes never leaving her. 
He slowly walked over to her. There was something overpowering about him that literally took her breath away. His long, thick, light brown hair had a reddish tint to it and her fingers ached to reach out and grab a hold of a strand of it. 
“You aren’t usually the kind of woman that I normally see here,” he said as he sat down next to her. 
“I have to admit this is my first time here.” 
“First time…oh I see, curious are you? I like curious.” His voice and the way he held himself were silky smooth. 
Regina felt her body heat up, oh yes, this was the man she wanted to bring home. The only bad part was that she only had a week to explore every inch of his six-foot frame. “My name is Regina.” She smiled at him. 
“I am Poison.” 
“Poison? That is certainly an interesting name.” 
“Well, it’s the only name I go by here.” His attention went to the woman who just walked in. She was clad in a leather miniskirt and a bra, she was holding onto a leash with a rather large man attached to the other end. 
“Tell me, Poison…” Regina tried to get his attention back to her. 
“Let me guess you want to play with me. Take a walk on the kinky side for a night.” 
“Sounds good to me.” 
“Alright Regina, I will play with you, but I am not sure you are ready for me.” 
“Confident aren’t you.” 
“Naïve aren’t you,” he replied. “Let’s go back to my place.” 
“No, I was thinking more on line of you coming back to my place.” 
“Afraid I can’t do that, Princess. Suburbia isn’t my thing. Come with me to my place or find another playmate.” 
Regina thought quickly. This man excited her, something she hadn’t felt in years. “Alright let’s go.” 
He escorted her out of the club and to his black corvette. 
“What about my car?” 
“You can come back for it in the morning.” 
Without giving it a second thought she climbed into his car and they took off down the road. 

***

Poison didn’t say a word all the way to his apartment. This made Regina a bit uncomfortable. They walked into his apartment, she barely had time to look around when he grabbed her by the arm and led her to what she thought was going to be his bedroom. 
“Oh, my God!” Regina exclaimed when they entered the room. She tried to get him to release her, but his grip on her was tight. 
“What’s wrong, Princess?” He laughed. 
“What the hell kind of room is this?” 
“My playroom, don’t you like it?” 
“No, it looks like some sort of torture chamber.” Her eyes darted everywhere. All sorts of strange contraptions, restraints…her eyes darted to the wall where whips, crops, metal objects and too many other strange things were hung. 
“You went to an S&M club to pick up somebody and now you are shocked when you see a well stocked playground…” He burst out into laughter. 
“Let me go.” She struggled. 
“You want to play with me, so let’s play.” He dragged her over to a metal post then secured her wrists behind her. He stepped back and just looked at her. 
Regina didn’t like the cold metal against her back or the clanging noise the handcuffs made when she tapped the metal post. Her arms felt odd being pulled back like this.
“First things first,” he said, walking over to her. He pulled out a pocketknife and smiled as he watched her tremble. “Let me guess, you are a bored housewife whose husband spanks her. He is gone either out with the boys or on some long, dull business trip.”
“What are you going to do with that knife?” 
“Mmm, there are many possibilities isn’t there. Are you scared Princess?” He used the knife to cut her dress from her body. “Nice.” He snapped her garter belt. “Came all prepared didn’t you. Black panties and bra, silk black stockings, mmm…even black stiletto shoes, how thoughtful.” He cut the straps to her bra then yanked hard removing the rest of it from her body. He lowered the knife and cut her panties then pulled them off. “I think I will leave the stockings and this garter on, and oh yeah leave the shoes on too.” 
“We need a safe word,” Regina’s voice trembled. 
“We do?”
“There is always a safe word.” 
“Between lovers perhaps, but I am just a stranger to you.” 
Regina trembled, what in the hell did she get herself into. Would he really hurt her or was this part of his game?
He squatted down in front of her and took her nipple into his mouth. His tongue flicked rapidly over the tender flesh. Regina moaned loudly and moved her arms, banging the cuffs against the metal bar. Her clit tightened as his tongue swirled around and around her erect nipple. 
“Ahhooowww!!” she cried as he bit down. “That hurts, that hurts.” She squirmed. Her body shuddered when he gently suckled on her sore nipple. “AHHH!!!” she screamed when he bit harder this time. “Stop, please stop it!” 
He slowly rose up and cupped her chin. He kissed her hard forcing his tongue into her mouth. The intensity of his kiss made her dizzy. She sighed when he stopped and walked away. 
“I will start slow, Princess.” He pulled his shirt off revealing his hard muscular upper body. He walked back over to her. “On your knees.” He glared at her when she stood there. “Now!” 
Regina jerked back at the sound of his angry voice then slowly went down to her knees. It was awkward to do with her hands behind her back, but she did it. 
“Good girl, next time I will cane you if don’t comply right away.” He walked behind her and lowered a hook from the ceiling. He attached her handcuffs to the hook then raised it into the air, forcing her arms up, pressing them against the metal pole. 
“Ouch,” she snapped. 
“Quiet!” 
She heard him remove his shoes then unzipped his pants. She looked up at him, he was completely naked now just standing there holding a thin wooden cane looking at her. Her eyes went to his cock. It was hard, thick, large…she licked her lips in anticipation. 
He pulled a chair over and sat down right in front of her. He spread his legs and began stroking his cock. “Want to suck on my cock don’t you?” He slowly stroked his cock. “Don’t you Princess?” 
Regina winced when he struck her with the thin cane. 
“Don’t you?” 
“Yes,” she said quietly. Her pussy grew wetter and wetter. 
“Of course you do that is why you followed a strange man home. Yeah, you want me to stuff that mouth full of my cock. You want to suck and slurp until I come down your throat. But that won’t be enough will it Princess? Oh no, then you will want me to stuff that pussy full of my cock. Mmm, that wet pussy being pounded with every last inch of my hard cock. That is what you really want isn’t it, Princess?” 
“Yes…yes…” She was breathing harder. She wanted him so badly that it made her pussy sopping wet. She jerked when he hit her with the cane again and again until her thighs grew red. 
“Open your mouth,” he said, stroking his cock faster. “Do it!” 
Regina slowly opened her mouth.
“Wider.” He struck her with the cane.
She opened her mouth wide. 
“That’s it, Princess. Now keep that mouth open, I want my cum to drip from that sweet mouth.” He stroked his cock faster and faster until his cum spurted into her mouth. He slowly stood up and kicked the chair away. He walked over to the wall and pulled down a large dildo. He went back to her and shoved it into her mouth. “Show me how you will suck my cock.” 
Regina sucked on the rubber dildo as he slowly moved it in and out of her mouth. 
“Mmm, you are so eager.” He watched her for a few more moments then removed the dildo. “You’ve made my cock hard again, good girl.” He pulled on the rope lifting her arms up higher as he pulled her to her feet. He lifted her up and rammed his cock deeply inside her, enjoying the way she wrapped her legs around his waist and started riding him frantically. He watched her face as she came then slammed his cock into her again and again until he came. 
“Mmm, good girl,” he said, licking her lips. 
She unwrapped her legs from his waist and he slowly eased her down to her feet. He unhooked the cuffs then walked over and lay down on the water mattress he had on the floor. 
Regina started to walk over to him but he lifted his hand signaling her to stop. 
“That’s enough for today, Princess. You know where I live if you want me to take you further. What just happened was merely a small baby step. Now get out.” 
“But…my clothes…my car…you drove me here.” 
“Grab my shirt and put it on. The rest is up to you to figure out. Now get the hell out.” 
Regina grabbed his shirt and put it on. She grabbed her purse from the floor and hurried out. She made a mental note of his apartment number then used her cell phone to call a cab.

Chapter Two

“I should have listened to the sane part of my mind and never saw him again. Poison used me. The problem is I loved it.” Regina drank some more of the water. 
“He treated you like crap. I am sorry I don’t understand.” 
“Neither did I, but when I finally got home that first night he was all I could think of. I had to see him again. Maybe it was curiosity—he did say that was only a baby step into his world. I thought I could walk a little further into his world, thought it would be safe. But I was so wrong.

Regina found herself at the door to Poison’s apartment. This time she wore only a simple sundress, white stiletto pumps and nothing else. She took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Her body started to stir when she heard footsteps heading toward the door. Her breath caught when the door opened and there Poison was standing before her. He had a towel wrapped around his waist. His hair was wet and was combed back from his face. 
“On your knees,” he growled. 
“What?!” She looked up and down the hall. 
“Now Princess, unless I need to get my cane.” 
Regina came down to her knees in the hallway.
“Good girl.” He took off his towel and grabbed her head pushing her closer to him. He smiled when she took his cock into her mouth. “Yessss,” he hissed, tightening his grip on her head. 
Regina took his cock deeply into her mouth as she bobbed her head in a steady rhythm. She heard a man and woman gasp and then their hurried footsteps. 
“Mmm, she will suck your cock too, neighbor.” Poison chuckled. 
Regina only hurried the woman mumble something then a door slam. 
“You liked that didn’t you, Princess. You like to be watched.” He grabbed a handful of her hair and bobbed her head faster and faster, then he pulled his cock from her mouth. “You want to taste my cum…then crawl to me.” He slowly backed up into his apartment as he stroked his cock. 
Regina couldn’t stop herself, she crawled over to him. 
“On your back and open your mouth.” 
She complied quickly. She felt his cum hit her face and some go into her mouth. She went to raise her hand to wipe his cum from her face but he slapped her hand away. “Leave it and don’t move.” 
She heard him putting on his pants then the sound of him leaving the apartment. She reached down her hand and began slowly stroking her clit. She needed to come. 
“You don’t listen well do you?” 
Her hand quickly left her pussy. He had only pretended to leave. How could she have been so stupid? 
Her body tensed up hearing his footsteps as he came over to her. He pulled her up to her feet. “Remove your clothes.” 
She quickly obeyed. 
“Mmm, nothing underneath this time, oh you are so eager.” He grabbed her arm, dragged her to his playroom and led her over to the wall and shackled her to it. He grabbed a delicate looking chain that had three small clamps on it. He attached two of the clamps to her nipples and the third to her clit. 
Regina felt a slight discomfort at first then quickly realized if she moved it pulled on the clamps causing her more pain. 
Poison stepped back and just looked at her. “I see you understand how this little device works.” He smiled. “I am going out for a while. I will just leave you like this until I return.” 
“You can’t do that!” 
“Yes I can and you want me to do this you.” He leaned in closer. “You like the anticipation.” He slowly licked her lips then gave the chain a tug, causing her to cry out. He used his hand to wipe his cum from her face, then he ran his hand over her hair. “Don’t worry Princess I will be back.” He pulled on shirt and grabbed his shoes, then left. 
Regina couldn’t help but wonder just how long he was going to leave her like this. 

***

Regina heard the door open and a strange sound. She slowly looked up. Her neck, legs, arms…oh her whole body ached from being left hanging like this. She had no idea how many hours had passed since Poison put her here. 
She watched as Poison threw a bound and gagged woman onto the water mattress. “Hey Princess,” he said, walking over to her. He removed the chain and clamps but left her shackled to the wall. He walked out of the room and came back shortly with a small silver bucket. He put the bucket on the floor by Regina and grabbed a handful of ice cubes out of it. He rubbed the ice over her sore nipples then her clit. The sensation were strange, yet felt incredible at the same time. 
“Who is she?” Regina quietly said.
“Someone a bit further on the journey than you are. It is none of your concern. Now, just hang here quietly like a good girl and I will fuck the hell out of you when I have finished with her.” 
Poison went over to the woman lying on the water mattress and untied her arms then undid her gag. “I know what you want, you dirty little bitch,” he growled at her. He stood up and removed his clothes. The woman put her arms straight out over her head and straightened her legs. Poison climbed on the bed facing her feet. He slowly straddled her head and sat down. All Regina could see was the woman’s hands and forearm. Poison kneaded the woman’s breasts through her dress as he sat firmly on her face. After a couple of minutes Regina saw the woman start to struggle under Poison. 
“You’re hurting her?!” Regina called out.
“I told you to be quiet.” 
The woman started to struggle more violently.
“You are going to hurt her.” 
“Be quiet, Princess.” 
Poison sat up for a moment, the woman gasped for air, then moaned loudly. This puzzled Regina. Poison just smiled and sat firmly on the woman’s face again this time he started to stroke his cock. 
Regina watched as Poison repeated everything over and over to the woman until it seemed like she actually came. He finally got up out of the bed. What surprised Regina the most was when the woman quickly climbed out of the bed and fell to her knees before him. She took his cock into her mouth and sucked loudly. Regina couldn’t look away from his face as the woman brought him to orgasm. All the woman did after that was slowly come up to her feet and leave the room. 
“Did you like that, Princess?” He moved closer to her. “She likes breath play. I wonder if you will like that? Don’t look at me like some scared child. I won’t be doing anything like that to you for a while.” He undid her shackles and lifted her up into his arms. He carried her over to the water mattress.
She liked the feel of his hair against her skin, the way he held her so effortlessly. He carefully laid her on the mattress then climbed onto the bed. He grabbed her legs and placed them on his shoulders as he rammed his cock deeply into her. 
“I shouldn’t fuck you, but…mmm, your pussy feels good,” he growled. She reached up and braced her hands on the wall as he pounded his cock into her. She could hear herself moaning and crying out, but she could barely recognize her own voice. 
“Ah, yeah, that’s it…oh yeah come, fucking come!” he yelled. He groaned as he came deeply inside her. “Fuck yeah!” He rolled off of her. “Go home, Princess.” 
“I want to stay here.” 
“I said go home. You want more come back tomorrow.” 
Regina slowly got up and went over to the other side of the room to grab her dress. She quickly put it on and turned back to him.
“Go home,” he growled. 
She hurried from the room and out of his apartment to her car. She sat there in her car just holding the steering wheel. “Fuck you Poison,” she hissed as she started her car and headed home. 


Chapter 3

“The woman you mentioned…” Katrina had her pen poised over the paper.
“Yes, it is the same woman that I killed.” Regina stood up and walked over to the barred window. 
“Her name was Jamie Johnson. Did you know that?” 
“No…Poison never used her name.” 
“Did this Poison kill Jamie?” 
“No!” Regina quickly said. “I did.” 
“I am assuming you did go back to him the next day.” 
“Yes, I did.” Regina looked out the window. “It was too late—he had caught me in his erotic web.” 

Regina grimaced when Poison tightened the ropes making her arms and legs stretch even further apart. She had hurried to his apartment first thing in the morning, after she swore to herself the night before that she wouldn’t see him again. Now, he had her suspended in the air by these ropes in the middle of his playroom.
“Today you get to taste my whip.” He smiled at her. He walked over to the wall with all his playthings hanging from it and carefully chose a whip. “I think this one is perfect for you, Princess. Its kiss won’t hurt you too badly.” 
Regina shook—she was afraid yet excited all at one time. 
“I like that look in your eyes. Oh…it’s making my cock so hard,” he purred as he coiled up the whip. “I am going to make you fly, Princess.” 
To her it seemed like he was moving in slow motion as he whipped her over and over. She tried not to cry out, but the pain begun to be too much. Lash after lash, the pain started to be unbearable. 
“Fly, Princess, fly,” he said in a soothing voice. “Go within yourself, go beyond yourself.” 
Regina wanted to beg him to stop, but she needed to do this for him. She closed her eyes trying to escape from the pain he brought her. Then…it stopped hurting and she felt herself lifted beyond the pain. She was…flying. She could hear his praise. For a few moments she was lifted mentally to another place. She opened her eyes and screamed out when she felt the pain of his whip again. 
“That’s a good girl,” he said, lowering his whip. He dropped it to the ground and went over to her. He softly kissed all over her body. “You will learn to fly easier, I promise,” he softly said as he continued to caress her body with his kisses. “You have done well, Princess.” He undid the ropes and carried her over to the side of the room. 
Regina looked down and saw the large cage. She started to squirm is his arms but then quickly stopped, her body was still sore from her whipping. 
“I want you to stay in here for tonight.” He nudged opened the door then gently placed her in the cage. A large satiny pillow covered the floor of the cage and it felt good against her hot flesh. 
She must’ve of fell asleep for the next thing she knew she was awoken to the sound of heels clicking on the floor. She quickly sat up and saw the same woman from the other night. She watched Poison tie the woman’s hands behind her back, then he stepped back and removed his pants. The woman fell to her knees before him and took his cock into her mouth. Regina felt a pang of jealousy watching the woman give Poison pleasure and yet, she was unable to just look away. Poison grabbed the woman’s head and rammed all of his cock down her throat and held her head to him, keeping his cock deep in her throat. Regina watched as he held the woman like that for what seemed like forever. Eventually he slowly pulled his cock out, the woman gasping for air. He waited a moment then rammed his cock down her throat again, holding her head firmly. He did this over and over until the woman came. He bobbed the woman’s head faster and faster until he came down her throat. Then she simply stood up and allowed him to untie her. She bowed her head to him and walked out of the room. 
“Why does she let you…” 
“I told you, Princess, she enjoys breath play.” He walked over to the cage and squatted down so he could look at her. “I see the anger in your eyes.” 
Regina looked away from him. 
“Your jealousy is so hot to me.” He unlatched the cage and pulled her out of the cage. He picked her up and bent her over the cage. He rammed his cock into her, grabbing her hips and driving himself harder and deeper with each thrust. He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled forcing her to arch up. She could feel the cold metal of the bars rub against her clit with each thrust of his cock. 
“My jealous little bitch,” he growled, pulling her hair harder. “You want my cock all to yourself, don’t you?” He thrust harder. “Don’t you? Answer me bitch!” He pulled her hair harder.
“Yes…yes…oh God yes!!” Her orgasm was so intense she couldn’t breathe for a moment. “Come, please come, honor me, fill me full of your precious seed.” She couldn’t believe those words came from her. But hearing him cry out gave her such a sense of satisfaction that she had never known. 
“Oh, good girl…that was such a good girl,” he purred as he bent over and pressed his body against hers. He lay there for a few moments then put her back into the cage. He squatted down and reached his hand inside the cage gently running his fingers through her hair. “My good girl.” 
His soft touches and praises made Regina feel complete.

***

She woke up in the morning and was startled at first when found herself in Poison’s playroom. Then she remembered that he had left her in this cage. Her body was sore and she needed to go to the bathroom. She looked around the whole room and he wasn’t anywhere. She gripped the bars of the cage as a sense of panic started to engulf her. She looked to the door when she heard it open up.
“Good morning, Princess,” Poison said as he entered the room carrying a tray with coffee, eggs, bacon and toast. He set the tray on top of the cage and then unlatched it. “I will be going out for a while, but you are free to go home if you wish.” 
“I want to stay.” 
“Stay, go, whatever…but if you stay I better find you in this playroom when I get back.” He turned and left the room. 
Regina slowly crawled out of the cage and hurried from the room. She found the bathroom, after she relived herself, she went back to the playroom and drank the coffee and ate the breakfast he made for her. Everything tasted so much better knowing that he made it for her. After she was finished she carried the tray back to the kitchen. His apartment was quite spacious and was decorated definitely to a man’s taste. Everything was neat and clean. She wondered if he cleaned everything himself or had someone do it for him. She slowly looked around his apartment but kept her senses keen, she had to make sure to be in the playroom when he got back. 
She went from room to room, finally she found his bedroom. She almost felt as though she was invading some sacred place. Everything was a rich brown color, except for the bed, which was black. She could almost see him lying on the deep-brown satiny sheets. This thought aroused her. His scent was everywhere and she breathed in deeply. She walked slowly over to his bed. She lightly ran her hands over the sheets. She wanted to lie in the bed and let his scent envelope her, but she decided she better not. 
She slowly left his room and headed back to the playroom. She didn’t want to disappoint him by not being where he told her to be. She wanted to please him—maybe he would let her stay here with him. 
She lay down on the water mattress and just looked up at the ceiling. She slowly removed the robe she was wearing. She wanted to feel the cool air on her hot skin. Her body was so aroused. She didn’t hear him come in until he climbed onto the mattress. 
“That’s a good girl,” he said, lowering his head between her legs. His tongue was so skilled it didn’t take long for her to orgasm. As she came down from her pleasure high she felt his teeth scrap against her clit, then he bit her gently. It was a strange sensation, but she arched up and screamed his name when his mouth latched onto her clit and sucked hard. 
He sat up on his knees and grabbed her hips, lifting her off the mattress a little as he drove his cock into her. He rode her hard and fast until she was dizzy with pleasure. He kept up this pace until he came. He climbed off the mattress and went to the cage. He opened the door to it and she quickly hurried into the cage. 
“You learn fast, Princess.” He smiled down at her then he left the room. He didn’t need to latch the cage; he knew she would stay right where she was. Regina had no plans of leaving anytime soon. 

Chapter 4

“Wait, what about your husband?” Katrina got up and got her coffee from the guard. “Didn’t all of this happen too fast?” 
“I don’t know what you mean.” 
“I mean come on…you just met this Poison, spent what maybe three days with him and then decided you are going to leave everything for him? At least that is what it sounds like to me. This doesn’t make sense.” 
“I guess it doesn’t, unless you have met Poison before you couldn’t understand. He had a way about him, an aura…I can’t explain it.” 
“I am not buying this.” 
“I don’t blame you.” 
Katrina sat down. “What about Richard?” 
“Richard…” 

Regina walked into her house. Poison told her to go home and if she came back to him she was going to stay with him. She had a lot to think about. But, looking around at the place she used to call home—it didn’t feel like home anymore. 
She slowly walked through each room looking at everything. She stopped by the fireplace mantel and gazed at the pictures of her and Richard. 
“Oh, Richard what have I done?” She grabbed her favorite photo of Richard and held it in her hands. Richard’s best feature was his warm smile. She lovingly ran her finger over his mouth. She knew in her heart she couldn’t stay here with him anymore. Her soul belonged to Poison now. 
“My soul…” She slowly put the picture back down on the mantel. What an interesting choice of words. 
She gathered some of her things and sat down to write Richard a note. Yeah, she knew it was the chickenshit way to tell Richard she was leaving, but she didn’t know if she could tell him to his face. She didn’t want to hurt him; he had been good to her. All she wrote was Goodbye Richard please find someone who will give you all that you deserve, Love Regina. She didn’t know what else to say.
She took one last look around then left the house. She threw the two suitcases into her car and then headed back to Poison’s apartment. She found herself wiping the tears away the whole ride. 
When she pulled up to Poison’s apartment building she saw him standing there with that woman. Regina felt a surge of jealousy. Who is the hell was this woman? She watched them for a moment and saw the woman hand Poison an envelope, then she walked away. He took the envelope and put it into his back pocket. Regina climbed out of her car and opened the trunk. 
“Well Princess, I see you decided to stay with me?” 
She was startled by the sound of his voice, even more so when he took the suitcases from her trunk and carried them toward the apartment building. She quickly closed the trunk and hurried up after him. 
He didn’t say a word the whole way up to his apartment. He led her not to the playground but to a bedroom. He set the suitcases down and took her into his arms. He smiled at her then kissed her deeply as he held her tightly to him. 
Regina felt warm, aroused…safe in his arms and welcomed his passionate kiss. 
“Unpack your suitcases and settle in, Princess. I have to leave for a little while.” 
She wanted to clutch onto him and beg him to stay for just a little while longer, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. She felt the heat of his body leave hers—an empty feeling slowly engulfed her. 
“You will be alright, Princess. I will be back soon then we will play.” His smile warmed and brought calm to her. She watched him leave the room. She went about putting her things away. The bedroom he gave her was simple and yet elegantly decorated. After she finished unpacking she went about exploring his entire apartment. 
She was drawn to his bedroom. She slowly opened the door and stepped inside. He was everywhere in this room. Just being in here made her feel as though he wasn’t that far away. She walked over to his bed and ran her fingers over his silky sheets, then she spotted an envelope. Was it the same envelope that woman gave him earlier. Her curiosity overtook her—she had to know what was inside that envelope. She carefully opened it up and was stun to find a stack of hundred dollar bills. She just stood there staring at the money. That woman was paying him to abuse her? 
“No…there has to be some other explanation,” she said, putting the envelope down. She pulled open the drawer to his nightstand, a well-worn black book sat in there. She wanted to look inside, but she just couldn’t, it seemed wrong to invade his privacy like this. But still, the envelope with the money nagged at her thoughts. 
She slowly closed the drawer and left his room. She walked over to the playroom and went inside. She was stun to see a young woman locked in the cage. 
“Please let me out!” the woman cried, holding the bars. 
“Who are you?” Regina hurried over to her. 
“I didn’t know he would do this to me. Please let me out.” 
Regina looked for the key. It wasn’t in this room. “I can’t find it.” 
“Please find it, please before Poison gets back.” 
“Why would he put you in there?” 
“I wanted to experiment with a little S&M and he came highly recommended. But he scares me.” 
“Highly recommended? You paid him to do this to you?” 
“Yes…please help me.” 
Regina ran out of the room and straight back to his room. She looked in both of his nightstand drawers. She grabbed the black book and looked inside. It was filled with appointments, she looked at today’s entry and sure enough for about the time he left it was written, client ten. She quickly put the book back and looked around his room for any kind of key. She couldn’t just ignore the woman’s pleas in the playroom. She found a set of keys on top of his dresser. She hurried back to the playroom. 
“Thank you, thank you,” the young woman said over and over. Regina tried each key, until finally she found the one that opened the cage. The woman quickly put back on her clothes, she hugged Regina then quickly left. 
Regina put the keys on top of the cage and just stood there. Her mind was spinning. She didn’t hear Poison enter the room.
“What the fuck!?” he yelled, startling the hell out of Regina. He went to the cage and kicked it hard. “What the hell. Where did she go?” 
“I let her out, she wanted out.” 
“Of course she did, you stupid…” He raised his hand then lowered it down. “You went into my room, didn’t you?” 
“Yes.” 
He grabbed her arm and dragged her to the metal post. He shackled her arms above her head then went over and grabbed one of his whips. “Don’t ever do anything like this again, or I will throw your ass out. Do you understand me?” He started to whip her. “Do you?!” he screamed. 
“Yes…I am sorry Poison.” 
“I will make you sorry. If you wanted to know something about me why didn’t you just ask?” 
“I am so sorry, please forgive me.” She felt lash after lash of his whip go across her back. She closed her eyes—soon she went above the pain.
Poison whipped her a few more times and all of a sudden stopped. “You’re flying…” None of his clients ever managed to do this. He knew Regina managed to fly once before, but not like this. He whipped her a few more times then dropped his whip. He walked over to her and pressed his body against hers. This woke her up from her dream-like state. 
“I am sorry, Poison.” 
“Shh…now tell me what you wanted to know that you were willing to evade my privacy to find out.” 
“That woman, the one who likes breath play, she gave you an envelope…” 
“She pays me to play with her. She is one of many clients that I have. How do you think I pay the bills, Princess? I don’t have a wealthy spouse who takes care of me. You are my only possession, Regina,” he purred into her ear. 
“Possession?” 
“I want to be your Master. Will you give me the honor?” 
“Yes, yes…yes.” 
He wrapped his hands around the metal post and pressed his body firmly against hers. She felt so safe and secure with his body covering hers like this. 
“You’ve made me really happy, my Princess.” He nuzzled his chin to the top of her head. 
At this moment she didn’t care how he earned his money, all that matters was that she was his.

Chapter 5

Katrina just sat there looking at Regina. Something wasn’t adding up. “So this Poison played rough with women for money?” 
“Yes.” 
“Didn’t this make you angry?” 
“At first yes…but most of his clients he went to them.” 
“All but Jamie Johnson.” 
“And that young woman I found earlier. The time I knew him Jamie was the only one who came to his apartment.” 
“Did you ever ask him why?”
“No.” 
“Jamie Johnson was a married woman. I suppose you didn’t know that, did you?” 
“No.” Regina looked to floor. 
“Regina, I want to help you, but I have a feeling you aren’t telling me everything.” 
“I am trying to tell you.” 
“If you killed Jamie in a fit of jealousy…it just doesn’t make sense. You knew that Poison, basically whored himself out with God knows how many other women. So far it didn’t seem to bug you all that much.”
“He didn’t bring any other woman home.” 
“Except that young girl you found in the cage. You didn’t seem too jealous of her.” 
“You don’t understand.” 
“I am trying to understand, Regina. But, it seems to me that you had accepted Poison’s profession. It doesn’t add up that you killed Jamie out of jealouy.” 
“I will tell you about that night then maybe you will understand.” 


Regina waited as Poison readied himself. She had no idea what he was going to do, but it mattered little to her. This last couple of weeks was like heaven to her. He spent most of his time at the apartment showing her all sorts of his special brand of delights. She accepted her role as his slave, hell she relished her roll. He seemed so pleased with her it made her proud. 
Regina gave little thought to Richard, except that one night when she wondered if he missed her. Other than that, she hoped that he moved on already. 
Poison had instructed her to stay kneeling by the water mattress. She obeyed him without question. She watched as he laid out a length of rope and handcuffs. 
“You be a good girl and don’t say a word while I entertain my client.” 
“Yes, Poison.” 
“Mmmm, that’s my good girl.” He gently caressed her cheek. The doorbell rang and he left the room. 
Regina didn’t like the fact that he wanted her to watch him with that woman, but she didn’t want to displease him. She would do this for him. She took a deep breath when the woman entered the room. She never really took a good look at the woman before. The business dress the woman wore was obviously expensive, hell everything about this petite woman screamed wealthy. She had to be in her early forties, but she was still a very attractive woman. Regina watched as she handed Poison an envelope, he just set it aside and begun to get undressed. There were never that many words exchanged between the two, in fact, it was Poison who spoke. Regina had yet to hear the woman utter a word. 
Regina felt more at ease when Poison smiled at her. “This is my slave, I thought you might enjoy an audience this time,” he said to the woman. She just nodded her head and then lay down on the bed. Poison grabbed her and rolled her over securing her arms behind her back. He then took the rope and wrapped it around the woman’s neck as he thrust his cock deeply into her. 
Regina watched as he strangled the woman to the point of passing out then would stop. He did this over and over until the woman came. 
He heard the phone ring and climbed out of bed. “I will be right back—maybe I will make you come again, a little bonus for you.” He slapped the woman on the ass then left the room. 
Regina looked at the woman lying there. Her eyes focused on the rope. She didn’t know what came over her, but the next thing she knew she was on top of the woman pulling the rope tightly. She quickly released the rope, but it was too late.
“What did you do?!” Poison said as he pushed Regina off of the woman. He checked the woman’s pulse. He unhooked the cuffs and flipped her over. He started doing CPR. “Call an ambulance, now!” he yelled at Regina. 

“The rest is in the police report,” Regina said.
Katrina clicked off the tape recorder and put it and the notepad back into her briefcase. “You are going to go to prison, you know that don’t you? Even if we can prove temporary insanity, you will still have to go to a mental home. You are going to lose at least five years of your life.” 
“I know.” 
Katrina reached out and grabbed Regina’s handcuffed hands tightly. “Think about that.” 
“What are you getting at?” Regina moved her hands away.
“You know what I think…I think Poison killed Jamie and you are taking the blame for him.” 
“No! I did it!” 
“Come on Regina. I think he killed Jamie by accident…” 
“I did it!! Are you going to defend me or do I need to get another lawyer?” 
“I will defend you, Regina.” Katrina stood up. She motioned to the guard to let her out. “I will try my best for you.” 
Regina watched her leave. 
“Regina, you have a visitor. You got ten minutes,” the guard said as he escorted her to the visitor’s room. 
Regina smiled and hurried over to the chair. She pressed her hand up against the glass. “Poison!!” 
“Hey my Princess.” He placed his hand where hers was on the glass. “Did you do what I told you to do?” 
“Yes…you know I would do anything for you.” 
“Mmm…that’s my good girl.” He smiled at her.

THE END


I’ll Eat You Up


Violet liked to stalk her prey, especially the extra special meal that a Nephilim provided. And the beautiful creature she has been hunting is most certainly a Nephilim. She watched him from the shadows as he washed the fire truck. Over the past two weeks she has watched him and what was puzzling was that he acted nothing like the usual Nephilim. He wasn’t vain or selfish, quite the opposite. He was very kind and unaware just how beautiful he is. 
A Nephilim to a vampire was like chocolate was to a human female. Violet was ready to eat her tasty found treat. And yet something was stopping her. A feeling she got looking at this beautiful male was foreign or long forgotten.
“Hey Devon, I will finish that for you. Your shift is over, go home and relax.” 
“Thanks Mike.” 
Violet couldn’t afford to wait much longer to eat her prey. She could feel the presence of a male vampire coming closer. She hated male vampires. They were arrogant, forceful, and very territorial. Why in the hell did this asshole have to move into her territory? And once this asshole got a whiff of a female vampire he would stop at nothing to find her and fuck her. God, she hated male vampires. 
She followed Devon back to his apartment. She smiled watching the human females looking at him with such lust in their eyes. He was unaware of what he was doing to them. She watched him play a game of basketball with the neighborhood kids. He just got off a twelve hour shift and still agreed to play with them. When he finished the game he headed up to his apartment. 
Violet was tired from being out during the day. As long as she kept in the shadows she was safe from the sun’s detrimental effects on her body. But even so, doing this drained her energy. She would have to eat and take a quick nap before finally claiming that Nephilim. 
“Hey Baby, got something for you.” 
Violet rolled her eyes at the clumsy advance of the cheesy middle-aged male that approached her. Normally, she would avoid such a disgusting meal. Since, this asshole decided to volunteer himself up like this who was she to refuse an easy meal. She sighed then smiled at the walking mid-life crisis. “I got something for you,” she purred.
She let him take her back to his place, which was decorated just as cheesy as he was dressed. She didn’t hesitate, she attacked him the moment he closed the door. She drained the blood from his body and let his limp, lifeless body fall to the floor. She used his shower to freshen up, then she headed back to Devon’s apartment. 
She really did want to wait a little longer to feast on Devon, but that damn male vampire would catch the Nephilim’s scent quickly once he scouted the town. She would take her time eating Devon. She could keep him alive for a day or two enjoying the sweet nectar of his blood. Yet, the thought of taking his life away sadden her. How unusual and unsettling that thought was. She couldn’t possibly feel love for this Nephilim. It would be like a human female falling in love with a Hershey bar. Violet laughed at the thought and headed to Devon’s apartment.
***
Victor inhaled the night air. The sweet scent of a female vampire was faint. She had to be in this town somewhere. It had been awhile since he had taken a female. His cock hardened just thinking about sinking his fangs and cock deep into a female vampire. 
He spotted the two young human females walking down the alley. 
“Stupid females,” he growled. Why were human so frustratingly stupid. Killing these two would prove easy. They might as well have served themselves up on a platter for him. He leapt down from the building and landed just in front of them startling them. He smiled as they screamed and started to run. He quickly caught up to them. He snapped the brunette’s neck killing her quickly. He didn’t want to eat both of them, just the blond. He didn’t bother to mesmerize her, making her believe that this was just going to be a good fuck. He liked when they were frightened. And besides he had no intention of sticking his cock into any human female. He slowly fed on the young girl. He let her go a couple of times making her believe she might have a chance of getting away, then he would recapture her again and feed. 
He let out a loud burp as he let her limp body fall to the asphalt. He looked at her just lying there. There was no light in her eyes. He arranged her and her friend so that they were laying side by side holding hands. He grabbed some discarded flowers from the dumpster and placed them in both of the young ladies hands. He gazed at his handy work, admiring the creativeness of it. When the human cops find them it would surely make the newspapers, a calling card of sorts to the female vampire. 
He climbed back up the building. He leapt from building to building until he found an abandon apartment. This hovel would have to do for now. He was tired from his long trip. He went to work putting newspaper and whatever else he could find to block out the sun’s rays that would flood this hovel in the morning. Tomorrow night he was going to find that female vampire and ride her until he was satisfied. 
***
Devon had the feeling that someone was watching him again. He took a shower and then went to watch some television. It had been a long day. Just as he was about to doze off he heard a window smash in his kitchen. He quickly jumped up and grabbed the first thing he could find, which was the table lamp. He pulled the cord from the wall and slowly made his way to the kitchen. 
“You are even more beautiful close up, Nephilim.” 
“Who the hell are you?” Devon said as he looked at the beautiful woman with the bluest eyes he had ever seen before.
“I’m Violet.” 
“You want to explain why you broke into my house, or should I have the police ask you?” He couldn’t look away from her gaze. 
“You will relax. Slowly put the lamp down.” 
Devon couldn’t fight her will. He slowly dropped the lamp.
“You are going to enjoy this.” She moved closer to him. “Remove your clothes and let me see your body. Take your time. I want to savor this.” 
Devon slowly removed his shirt.
“Wait.” She ran her hand down his chiseled stomach. “Damn…” She moved her hands up his chest then across his shoulders. “Take off those jeans.” 
Devon couldn’t stop he had to do what she asked of him. He slowly removed his jeans.
Violet ripped his underwear from his body. Her eyes lingered over his cock, it was perfect, not too big, not too small. Her gaze traveled down his strong legs. “I’m going to savor you, Nephilim.” 
“My name is Devon, not Nephilim.” 
“Oh, I know that. Lay down on the sofa.” She watched him walk over to the sofa. God damn, his ass was perfectly male. She bit her lower lip as she gazed upon his perfection. 
She stood beside the sofa and just looked at him lying there for a moment. She removed her clothes. Fucking a human male was something she rarely did, but her body demanded she partake. 
“You are very beautiful, Violet.” 
“Why thank you.” She straddled his hips and eased his cock inside her. The warmth of it felt so good inside her. His touches were gentle unlike a male vampire whose touches were always rough. There was nothing wrong with a bit of slap and tickle sometimes, but sometimes a female needed some tenderness. 
Her fangs began to elongate as she continued to ride him. She bent over and licked the side of his neck then she bit just enough to sample his blood. The ecstasy that coursed through her was beyond anything she felt before. His blood was the sweetest thing she had ever tasted. It was beyond other Nephilim’s blood she had tasted before. She sank her fangs in deeper as she rode his cock to orgasm. When he orgasmed it gave her jolt as his blood became sweeter. She quickly stopped feeding on him. She licked at his wound sealing it up. 
“I will not take your life,” she said quietly as she looked into his crystal blue eyes. 
“I will not die from an orgasm,” he chuckled. He was unaware that she just fed on him. 
His smile was like sunshine itself. She quickly got off him and put her clothes back on. 
“I feel as though I know you,” Devon said as he sat up.
“You don’t…” She threw him his jeans. “It will be dawn in a few hours.” 
“You can stay here.”
“If you weren’t mesmerize you be shitting yourself not inviting me to stay. Get your pants on and sleep, Devon.” She waited for a few moments then looked at him lying on the sofa peacefully sleeping. She left his apartment and went to find somewhere to rest for a few hours. He stirred something inside her that was beyond mere lust or hunger. 
***
Violet woke up at dusk. She quickly got ready and headed out. The sun was low enough in the sky that it would not hurt her to be in it, even so, she stuck to the shadows. She needed her strength tonight. She passed a newspaper box and stopped abruptly when she saw the headline. She pulled open the box and took a newspaper out and read the article.
“Oh fuck,” she growled. “Victor…that has to be your handy work, you sick asshole.” He was the male vampire that she got scent of, it had to be him. Of all the male vampires in the world Victor would be the one to find her. They had a brief thing a half a century ago. She enjoyed his bizarre hunting method and he was a good lay. But soon his bizarre hunting turned to cruel and sadistic and that wasn’t her scene. 
She threw the newspaper away and headed down the street. “Devon,” she gasped. Victor would easily find Devon and he wouldn’t hesitate to drain him dry. It wasn’t the thought of losing a tasty meal that bothered her. It was the thought of Devon losing his life that did. She hurried to Devon’s apartment, but he wasn’t there. 
She watched the sun slowly fade below the horizon. Soon Victor would awaken and he would catch Devon’s scent. Frantically she went to find Devon. 
***
Devon came out of the restaurant and waved goodbye to his friends. He felt unbelievably good tonight. He wasn’t sure the beautiful woman he was with last night was real or just a really good dream. He couldn’t get her beautiful eyes out of his mind. 
He decided to walk home instead of taking a taxi. He breathed in the night air as he walked. Then that feeling of being watched came over him again. He found himself hoping that it was Violet, the woman from last night. He had this feeling just before she broke into his apartment last night. Yet, this feeling was different. His fight or flight instincts were kicking in. He scanned everywhere looking for anything to use as a weapon should whoever this was decided to attack. He kept to busy streets. He checked behind him every so often to see if he could get a glimpse of whoever was following him. 
He stopped at the crosswalk and quickly turned around. An ethereal-looking man was standing a few feet behind him. The man didn’t look real, like something out of a dream, and yet his dark eyes bore through him like something from a nightmare. When the slow smile came across the man’s face a cold chill race over Devon. 
Devon was startled when he felt a woman’s hand grab his arm. 
“Come with me, Devon.” 
“Violet?” Devon asked as he looked down at her. She was real. He hadn’t just dreamt her up.
He let her lead him. He saw that they were going to the direction of his apartment.
“What’s going on?” Devon asked.
“I have to get him away from you. Don’t look into his eyes.” 
“What…” 
“Trust me, now keep moving. I don’t know if I can take him or not.” 
“I will not let a woman fight my battles.” Devon stopped abruptly. “Who are you?” Devon turned around and faced Victor. 
“Violet, what a pleasant surprise,” Victor said. “And you brought me a special dinner, how kind of you.” 
“You will not harm him,” she said. 
Victor laughed. “Playing with your food again, Violet.” 
“Is this your boyfriend?” Devon asked. 
“She is my female, happy meal, keep quiet. How cute, Violet. I think he is going to be chivalrous and try to kick my ass. Won’t this be fun.” 
“Devon…” Violet grabbed him and turned him to her. She looked deep into his eyes. “Run to the nearest public place and stay there.” 
“No, I’m not leaving you here alone with him.” 
Victor laughed harder. “You can’t mesmerize him.” He laughed harder. “Happy meal is in love with you.” 
Violet growled then lunged for Victor. 
“He is mine,” she hissed as she slammed Victor into the wall of the building. 
Before Devon had a chance to do anything Violet dragged Victor up the side of the building. Devon just stood there stunned with disbelieve at what he just saw. He quickly pulled himself together and rushed into his apartment building. He took the elevator to the roof. He looked around but didn’t see them anywhere. 
“Violet!” Devon cried out. 
He searched for her until the dawn. Exhausted he went back home. 
***
“Remember our deal, female. You back out of it and I will eat the Nephilim up,” Victor said as he sought shelter from the sun. 
Violet headed to Devon’s apartment. It took her forever to get there as the sun was bright today and she had to stick to the shadows. She quietly went into his apartment and just sat beside his bed.
Her gaze wondered over him.
Victor was stronger than her and she knew it. She pledged herself to be his female. Letting that asshole fuck her last night was stomach turning, but as she gazed upon Devon, it was worth it. She had saved him. Victor was a dick, but he was a man of his word. 
“Violet!” Devon said as he sat up. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine, Devon.” She waited for the other questions to come. Who was Victor? How did she drag his big ass up the side of a building? She mentally tried to prepare for the onslaught of questions and was totally shocked when he just took her into his arms. 
“I don’t care what went on last night. I’m just glad you are alright.” 
He kissed her taking her breath away. She relaxed into his embrace for a moment then pushed him a way. “This can’t happen.”
“Why not? I feel as though I have known you forever.” 
“You have no idea what I am, what you are.” 
“I don’t care about any of that. If that man from last night is the problem. I will protect you from him.” 
“Stay away from Victor.” She felt the tears wield up. Devon would never be safe with her. She kissed him one last time.
“That felt like a goodbye,” Devon said.
“It is. Thank you for giving me a glimpse of humanity again. You will never be safe with me, Devon. The thought of your light being extinguished because of me, I couldn’t bear it.” She left his apartment.
When night fall came she had Victor remove all thoughts of her from Devon’s mind. Then she had him put the thought of Hawaii into his dreams. No vampire liked tropical islands. He would be safe there. 
Violet watched Devon pack up his things and had them shipped to Hawaii. He got a transfer to a fire station there. She followed him to the airport. 
“You do care for that snack don’t you?” Victor said as he sat beside her at the airport.
“Yes,” she said quietly. 
“This is unlike you. I knew you had some sort of compassion since you kill your prey quickly, but this, well this was unexpected.” 
“I know, that is why it hurts so much.” 
“Happy meal will be safe where he is going. I won’t hunt him even if you do back out of our deal. I am amused by your feelings for this male. I’m going hunting. You can moon over your male by yourself.” Victor left the airport. 
Violet stayed wanting to get the last few glimpses of Devon before he boarded the airplane. Who would have thought that this half man-half angel could give her, for one brief moment, a taste of humanity. 
The End




Sarah’s New Beginning
Sarah has always done what was expected of her. She became a wife, and had a part-time job as an office clerk. Her family was close and she lived near them as they requested. She had been taught sex was only for the marriage bed, nothing more was said on the subject. She married right out of high school and of course her husband was the first man she ever had sex with. 
Her husband John was a gentle, but not a very adventurous lover. She did love him though, and tried everything to keep him happy. However, something was missing in her life and lately this really started to weigh on her. 
Sarah trudged down the street. She had just gotten out of work and headed out to do a few errands. She smiled politely at the people she knew as she passed them on the sidewalk. She looked into the various store windows but nothing sparked her interest. After she picked her dry cleaning up and mailed the packages for John she headed back to her car. She looked across the street at the store simply called Sizzle. She had read about this store in the newspaper. Her curiosity got the better of her and she headed towards the store. She looked down the sidewalk to make sure that no one she knew spotted her, then she headed inside. 
“Ah,” a small gasp escaped her lips as she looked over the display of various sex toys. Her eyes scanned the store. Books, videos, costumes, and every imaginable sex toy filled the store. She slowly walked over to the video section. A bounty of busty women graced the covers of most of them, but way at the end, a particular video caught her attention. She looked up quickly to make sure no one was watching then headed over to it. The image of the woman on her knees before a man holding what appeared to be a whip above her bowed head instantly aroused Sarah. 
“May I help you find something?” 
Sarah jumped when she heard the deep male voice. She couldn’t bring herself to look at him. “No thank you,” she quickly replied. 
“This is your first time in my store isn’t it?” 
“Yes.” She wanted to die and wished this guy would just go away. 
“I thought so; I most certainly would have remembered such a beautiful woman. If you need any help finding something let me know.” 
“Okay.” Sarah heard his footsteps as he walked away. She looked one more time at the cover of the video. The feelings the image stirred up frightened her. This kind of thing shouldn’t arouse her, but it did to an intensity she never felt before. She turned around and headed towards the door. She glanced over at the man behind the counter. He was rather handsome, not at all who she expected to own this kind of store. He had shoulder-length rich brown hair; his eyes matched the color of his hair. His body looked to be lean and strong, judging by how nicely the shirt stretched over his muscles. 
“Did you need help finding something?” He smiled at her. 
“Ah…no.” She looked away from him. 
“There is no need to feel embarrass. What is purchased here is confidential.” 
“Thank you for your time.” She hurried from the store. She went to her car and cursed herself for going into that store. That image of the woman kneeling before the man wouldn’t leave her mind. 
***
Sarah tried to concentrate on dinner, but her thoughts returned to the image. She quickly snapped out of it when she heard John enter the kitchen.
“How was your day?” she asked as he kissed her on the cheek.
“Long, I am so glad to be home.” He went behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. “How long before dinner?” He nibbled on her ear. 
“About a half an hour.” 
“Well, how about a quickie?” He gave her breasts a playful squeeze. 
“Alright, let’s fuck right here.” She turned around and started to paw at him. 
“On the dirty kitchen floor?” He scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the bedroom. “The bed is so much more comfortable.” He laid her down softly and took his clothes off. 
Sarah removed her clothing then got on all fours and raised her ass up to him. “Really hard,” she cooed. 
“Been thinking about me all day, have you?” He went behind her and slowly slid his cock in. 
“Hard.” She pushed her hips back into him. 
He thrust a little harder but not hard enough for her. She slammed her hips back into him. “Whoa baby, I don’t want to hurt you.” He gripped her hips so she couldn’t move too much.
Sarah laid her head down on the mattress and gave up. She allowed him to set the speed and hardness of their fucking. She felt the tears come to her eyes. The frustration was almost too much. She felt him shudder, and then he lay down on the bed. 
“I better go check dinner,” she said, quickly getting dressed. 
***
Sarah found herself standing in front of Sizzle again. She stood by her car and wrestled with herself on whether or not she should go in. She was compelled to go in again. 
“Hello again,” the same man from yesterday cheerfully greeted her. 
“Hello.” She pretended to browse around. 
“By the way my name is Michael, just in case you need help with anything.” 
“Thank you, Michael.” She didn’t even look over to him. 
Michael watched her as she nervously looked around. He couldn’t help but smile. He so did love the curious. She stood by the same row of videos as she did yesterday. His smile widened as he observed her doing a quick check seeing if anyone was watching her. “Ummm, curious about being dominated are you?” He almost laughed when she let out a loud gasp. 
“That is none of your business,” she snapped. 
“You are correct it is none of my business.” Michael walked out from behind the counter and headed straight for her. “I know a lot about domination and submission. I would be more than happy to answer any questions you may have.” 
“Excuse me…” Sarah became flustered. “I am a married woman.” 
“Oh, I get it. Your husband is your Master and he sent you in here to purchase something.” 
“No you don’t get it.” Sarah started to walk away but he grabbed her gently by the arm. 
“I am sorry. Let’s try this again. Hello I am Michael and you are?” 
“Leaving.” Sarah pulled her arm away from him. But he grabbed her again more firmly this time. “Hey let me go.” 
“You need not be embarrassed. If you are truly curious about that lifestyle, I really can help you.” He let her arm go. “I was once someone’s Master, so I know this lifestyle intimately.” 
“You don’t know me. Why are you telling me this?” 
“Because, I find you very attractive,” he moved closer, “and I would be honored to teach you how to be submissive.” 
Sarah just stood there and looked into his beautiful eyes. This whole scene was strange, like some opening scene to a raunchy porno movie. “I…” She didn’t know what to say. 
“If you like, I can show your husband how to properly train you as well.” 
“John wouldn’t like that.” 
“But you would, wouldn’t you?” 
Sarah’s body trembled, her breathing became erratic. “Yes,” she whispered. “But I can’t.” 
“Think it over, then just stop by and let me know what you have decided. Either way it’s nobody’s business but ours.” Michael looked over her small, curvy body. “For now, at least tell me your name.” 
“Sarah.” 
“No last name.” 
“I prefer not to say.” 
“Okay, Sarah, I will look forward to seeing you tomorrow.” He watched her as she hurried out of the store. His cock became very hard as he thought about how he could teach her to be submissive. 
ccc
“Oh, there you are sweetie.” John threw the garbage bag into the trash can as she pulled into the driveway and got out of the car.
“I had to drop off some movies.” 
John went over and opened the front door to the house letting her go in first. “I got some good news and some bad.” 
“Bad news first.” Sarah sat down her purse and keys on the small table in the foyer. 
“I have to go out of town for a couple of days.” 
“The good news?” 
“If I can sell my idea to this new client it could mean a promotion.” John became puzzled by the strange look on Sarah’s face. “What’s wrong?” 
“When are you leaving?”
“Tomorrow morning.” John ran his hand gently over her cheek. “I would take you with me sweetie, but you would be bored stupid. But if you wanted to join me I could arrange it.”
“No, you will be busy. Besides you will need to concentrate on your pitch, not worried about me being bored in some hotel room.” 
“Then what’s with the sad look.” 
“I just was a bit surprised you were going out of town so sudden. But this will be a great opportunity for you.” She smiled warmly at him. 
“I will bring you back something special.” He stroked her hair and kissed her gently. 
She just stood there in the middle of the room and watched John head back outside. Michael’s offer, she wished she could just forget it, but, damn it she just couldn’t. 
***
Sarah gripped the steering wheel tightly as she sat parked outside of Sizzle. Her mind tried to think of the many reasons she should just drive away, but…
Sarah jumped when she heard someone knock on her window. She was surprise to see Michael smiling at her. “Are you going to sit in here all day?” 
Sarah slowly opened the door and climbed out. “I think maybe…I…” 
“We can just talk for now. There is no need to rush.” Michael gently grabbed her hand. “If you decide you don’t want to play then that’s okay too. The main thing is that we both want it.” 
“Okay.” Sarah felt more relaxed now that he had given her an out. She would just see what he had to say and then leave. No harm in that. 
Michael led her up to the apartment above the store. She was surprised that it looked like any normal apartment. She figured it would be all decked out with all sorts of fetish stuff. 
“Please sit,” he said. 
Sarah sat down on the sofa and watched Michael head into the kitchen. He came back with two sodas and a box. “What’s in the box?” 
“Well open it and find out.” He smiled. 
She slowly opened the box and found a thin leather collar. “What?” 
“You will be wearing that during your stay.” Michael took the collar from her and gently turned her around. He slipped the collar around her neck and fastened it. “This is to remind you to be submissive. When you feel like arguing or denying whatever I have told you to do, this will remind you to…obey,” he whispered in her ear. She felt the heat of his breath followed by the wetness of his tongue as he licked her earlobe. 
“But, I thought we are going to talk?” She turned around and moved herself away from him.
“We are talking Sarah.” Michael stood up. “I will not touch you sexually unless you have given me permission first.” Michael extended his hand to her and helped her off the sofa. “Now your first lesson.” Michael pushed her gently to her knees then raised her arms above her head. He placed his hand on top of her head and lowered her chin to her chest. “This is how you will present yourself to me.” He ran his fingers through her hair. “Just like the woman on the cover of that video.” 
Sarah couldn’t stop herself she was compelled to obey him. Her body ignited, her desire for him was beyond mere words. “Do you want me Sarah?” Michael asked as he walked around and gazed down at her. “Answer me.” 
“Yes.” Her voice shook when she spoke. 
“Remove your clothing and return to this position.” 
She did as he asked. Her hands trembled when she tried to unbutton her shirt. “Shh…” He grabbed her hands. “What we do here will go no further. So be who you are Sarah.” He gently removed her shirt. He stood and let her finish undressing herself. He pulled his shirt off and waited for her to present herself. 
Sarah came down to her knees and raised her hands in the air, while she bowed her head. She could feel his eyes on her. She heard the sound of her breathing as she waited to see what he would do. 
“Very good.” He grabbed her by the arms and pulled her up to him. “You are most beautiful, Sarah.” He led her to his bedroom, she paused in the doorway.
“Don’t hurt me.” She backed up when she saw all the assorted restraints, crops, whips and various other strange objects. 
“I will not push you beyond what you can endure.” 
“How will you know?” 
“Say my name then I will stop. This is the only time you are allowed to use my name.”
“Then what should I call you.” 
“Master.” 
“Ahh…” Sarah’s body trembled, not out of fear, but of desire. 
“Now follow.” He walked ahead of her. “Don’t worry Sarah, I will not make you do anything that you are uncomfortable with, simply say my name, I will stop. Understand?” He turned towards her. 
“Yes.” 
“Yes, what?”
“Yes Master.” 
He leaned her up against the wall and shackled her arms and legs. Sarah felt the cold of the metal on her wrist and ankles. The feeling of complete surrender was like a rush to her. Michael’s fingers flicked her nipple only briefly but it was enough to cause Sarah to moan. 
“How long have you waited for this?” he asked as he took her nipple into his mouth. 
“Too long,” she sighed. 
His hand slowly traveled down her body as he continued to suckle, he paused just before he reached her pussy. “You are so eager,” he sighed, as her nipple popped from his mouth. “Maybe you should wait.” 
“Mmm…no…ah…” Her breathing became labored. She could feel the heat from his hand. 
“Yes, you will wait.” He stood and left the room. 
Sarah all of a sudden became scared. What in the hell was she thinking? Here she is chained to a wall completely at this stranger’s mercy. Her eyes wandered over the room. There were so many strange objects. She couldn’t move her arms and legs. There was no way she was getting out of this unless Michael let her out. 
Michael stood silently by the doorway and watched her. He sensed her fear and went back inside. “Shh…I have told you I won’t hurt you.” He cupped her breasts in his hand. “I guess I will have to show you.” He pressed his body against hers’ and pinned her to the wall. He tilted her head up and kissed her hard. Sarah was so use to John’s tender kisses that Michael’s hungry one threw her off balance. He kissed her so deep, so powerfully, she could feel his dominance. 
“Sarah.” He kissed her again then stepped back. “I want you, will you allow it?” 
“Yes Master.” She could barely speak. She watched as Michael removed his jeans. His cock was thick and large, far more so than John’s. She began to worry Michael might hurt her. 
Michael bent down and unshackled her legs. She gasped when he lifted her legs up and placed them around his waist. He thrust hard. Sarah groaned, his cock stretched her almost to the point of pain. His thrusts were slow, hard and deep. Her ass banged against the wall with each powerful thrust. His body moved against her as he thrust deeper. Her arms began to ache from being shackled above her head, but she didn’t care. She wrapped her legs around his waist tightly. 
“Ahh…” he moaned when he finally buried himself to the hilt in her. Sarah tried to move her hips, she wanted him to continue thrusting. 
“No!” he said sharply. He reached back and removed her legs from him as he slowly pulled out of her. 
“Please don’t stop,” she cried. 
“Oh, not yet Sarah, I don’t want you to come yet.” He walked over to the bed and sat down. Sarah’s eyes followed every movement he made. He poured himself a glass of wine and slowly sipped it. His hand went to his cock. Leisurely he stroked it. He watched Sarah’s face the whole time. 
Sarah’s body ached with want, ached to touch, to feel, to taste, to…”Please Master!” she cried out. 
Michael slowly stood up and walked over to her. He reached up and unshackled her arms. Sarah’s hands went to his hard, chiseled chest. 
“No!” He pushed her hands away. He walked back over to the bed and sat down again. He grabbed his wine glass. “Would you like a drink, Sarah?” 
“Yes Master.” 
“Then come to me.” 
Sarah slowly walked over to him and came to her knees before him. “You learn fast, Sarah.” He tilted her chin up and placed the glass at her lips. Carefully he tipped the glass up and let her drink. He took the glass away. “Want more?” 
“Please Master.” 
Michael tilted the glass. Trickles of wine cascaded down his cock. Sarah bent down and licked up the droplets of wine. Her tongue moved slowly up his shaft, she lapped up every last drop of the wine. She paused at the head, her tongue swirling around and around. She felt more wine splash onto her face. She quickly lapped up the wine from his cock. Michael placed his hand on top of her head and lowered her down. She quickly licked all the wine off his balls. 
“Oh yessss…” he hissed as he fell back onto the bed. “Suck my cock, Sarah.” He groaned loudly, he could feel her eager mouth latch onto his cock. “Wait.” He sat up and gently pushed her from him. He stood up and reached over for some rope. “Sarah…” he sighed when he felt her tongue on his balls again. He should stop her but he couldn’t. He sat back down and her mouth immediately latched back onto his cock. He bent forward a little and ran his hands down her back. Her movement was restricted due to his body leaning over; it trapped her head in his lap, so she only sucked on the head of his cock. 
He grabbed her arms and pulled them behind her back. He could feel and hear her as she sucked on the head of his cock. He waited a moment before he tied her wrist together. He enjoyed the sucking sensation on his most sensitive area. 
“Sarah, yes!” he moaned as he fell back onto the bed. He grabbed hold of her head with both of his hands. “Let my cock go down your throat.” He pushed down on her head; it made her take more and more of his cock into her mouth. Then he grabbed handfuls of her hair and bobbed her head on his cock. “Like that, oh yes, just like that.” 
Sarah felt his cock going down into her throat cutting off her breathing for a second. She relaxed and allowed him to fuck her mouth. She sucked hard and flicked her tongue around at the same time. Having her arms tied behind her was awkward and again she surrendered total control over to Michael. Her pussy was so wet, her body so tight with want she could barely stand it. She heard Michael cry out something followed by thick streams of hot, salty liquid. 
“Sarah.” He pulled her up to her knees. He grabbed her and threw her onto the bed and pushed her head down onto the mattress. He lifted her hips up. Sarah groaned when he filled her full with his large cock, amazed that he could get it back up so soon. His thrusts were hard and fast. Sarah was right there between pain and pleasure. She gasped when he slapped her ass hard. But she didn’t stop him. He periodically spanked her ass as he continued to ride her hard. Sarah’s arms and neck were sore, the rope bit into her wrist. Strangely she liked this new sensation. 
“Come for your Master,” Michael growled. 
Sarah’s whole body exploded with pleasure. Her orgasm was so intense she could barely breathe. Michael thrust two more times deeply into her, and then they collapsed onto the bed. 
Sarah’s arms really started to ache. “Michael please untie me.” She was relieved when he did. 
“Did you like your first steps?” Michael lay in the bed next to her. 
“Yes,” she whispered. Her hand went to the slim collar on her neck.
“What’s wrong? Do you want to play some more?” Michael reached for her but she sat up. 
“I think I better go home.” 
“Did I hurt you too much?” Michael sat up in the bed. 
“No, it’s not you.” She ran her hand tenderly over his face. “You were perfect.” She liked the way his eyes had so much life in them. Never had she felt so alive than right now. But John…
“Then why are you leaving?”
“I…” She reached up and removed the collar and handed it back to him. “I need some time to think.” 
“Alright, but take this.” He tried to hand her back the collar.
“I can’t.” She climbed out of bed. 
“It’s yours Sarah, I gave it to you.” 
“Michael…” She didn’t know what to say. She quickly got dressed. She grabbed her purse and keys then paused at the doorway. She turned back towards him. His eyes, his beautiful smiling eyes held so much promise for her. 
“I will be here waiting Sarah when you decide I am what you need.” He watched her leave.
Michael lay back onto the bed. She was perfect for him. But she must come to him willingly or there is nothing between them. 
***
Sarah hurried into her house. She quickly removed her clothes and jumped into the shower. Michael was all she could think of as the water ran down her body, his touch, kiss, scent, the sound of his voice and those beautiful eyes. Sarah closed her eyes and let the warm water wash over her face. 
She climbed out of the shower, dried herself off then walked over to the sofa. She grabbed the phone receiver and the number John left for the hotel. John was such a loving man but…
“Damn it!” She slammed the phone down. She didn’t want to think about this anymore today. She decided just to go to sleep. Her body was deliciously sore from what Michael had done earlier this only made her think about him. 
***
“Sarah.” 
Sarah slowly opened her eyes and saw a perfect red rose and John’s smiling face. “You are back early.” 
“I wrapped everything up quickly so I could spend today with you.” 
Sarah just smiled at him. She wasn’t expecting him home today and wanted to use this time alone to think. 
“Hey I got you something.” John pulled a small box out of his suitcase. “I stopped at that store called Sizzle.”
“You did?” Sarah was surprised by this. Her heart pounded in her chest.
“I know it’s a little kinky for us, but I thought why not. I was going to buy you a sexy little negligee, but then it would be more of a gift for me,” he chuckled. “The owner was very helpful and said this would probably suit you.” 
He handed her a small thin box. 
Sarah opened the box and almost stopped breathing. She looked up at John as she pulled the thin leather collar from the box. 
“Wear that and nothing else tonight.” He kissed her sweetly. “I got some phone calls to make then I want to take you out for breakfast.” 
“Thank you, it sounds lovely.” Sara waited for him to leave the room then she walked over to her vanity. Slowly she put the collar on and lovingly ran her fingers over it. Her eyes followed every movement of her fingertips. 
“Master,” she whispered. She closed her eyes and all she could see was Michael’s smiling eyes. 
END


This last story has been up on my website before.  This story was difficult to write due the very violent start to the main characters’ relationship.  “With These Chains” was a similar kind of book. Every now and then a story is uncomfortable to write, yet the overall story is worth being told.


The Heart’s Eclipse


“Come on, Serin,” Keher called out. “Hurry!” 
“What is so important?” Serin asked.
Keher pointed up. Both men watched as several streaks of light blazed across the morning sky.
“What is it?” Serin asked. 
“Meteors maybe.” 
“We don’t have time for this. We have to go back to work in the fields.” Serin looked up at Keher. He was always so jealous of Keher’s height and strong build. Keher’s hair blazed like the setting sun and his eyes were as green as the grass in the fields. Serin always thought of himself as plain. He was rather small standing only five-foot-six. His muscles were sinewy, not large and impressive like Keher’s body. Serin’s hair grazed his shoulders and was a rich dark brown color. His eyes were an ordinary brown, not as vibrant as Keher’s green eyes.  
“You keep staring at me like that and I may have to kiss you.” Keher laughed. 
Serin and Keher were best friends. The thought of being Keher’s lover never crossed Serin’s mind, though Keher often teased him with sexual innuendos.
Both men headed to the fields. They abruptly stopped seeing fire raining down from the skies into the fields. The screams rang out. People started running out of the fields. The look of terror on their faces froze Serin where he was. 
“Serin!” Keher shook him. “We have to get out of here.” 
Keher’s voice snapped Serin out of it and he followed Keher back to the village. 
“Grab a weapon,” one of the elders said to the two men. “Come on, we are under attack. It’s the Sidanas.” 
Serin and Keher’s eyes widen in terror. The Sidana race was notoriously cruel. They wandered from planet to planet taking what they wanted and destroying everything else. Their weapons were advanced, their warriors fierce and unmerciful. 
“These weapons won’t stop them. Perhaps negotiation might be a better course,” the village leader called out, getting everyone’s attention.  “My people, if we fight them we all will die.” 
“If we don’t they will kill us anyways,” Rarulo said. 
“If we give them what they want…” 
“They will take what they want and destroy everything else. Village leader we must fight.” 
Rarulo’s words fell upon deaf ears as the village leader and some of the elders agreed they should lay down their weapons. 
“We are dead,” Rarulo said, looking out across the large village. Women, children, the young and the old will be at the Sidana’s mercy. “If we are to die I say let’s fight!” Rarulo cried out.
“The ignorance and arrogance of youth taints your mind, Rarulo. You will do what has been decided.” 
Rarulo walked over to Serin and Keher. “The Sidana will kill everyone they can’t make into a slave. You know what I say is the truth. Will you fight with me?” 
Before Serin or Keher could reply two of the village guards grabbed Rarulo and dragged him to a nearby hut. 
“My people listen!” the village leader yelled. “We are not going to fight the Sidana warriors. They would slaughter our warriors. Do as the Sidana warriors say my people. At least then some of us will have a chance to survive.” 
Serin turned toward the thunderous sound of men marching. The Sidana warriors were coming. His heart pounded in his chest as the fear began to engulf him. Was he going to die today, was Keher?  Even if they survived would later on they wish they had died this day?
The whole village seemed to freeze as they watched the Sidana warriors enter the village. 
Serin’s eyes locked on the leader. Fear caused his body to tremble, looking at this large frightening man. He had to stand more than six-foot-six. His body was strong and he looked menacing in his armor. His long blond hair flowed free, whipping in the air, lashing out at the very essence of the village. But it was his eyes that chilled Serin to the bone, crystal blue in color lacking any emotion.
Serin couldn’t look away as the village leader headed over to the imposing leader of the Sidana warriors.  The breath caught in Serin’s lungs as the Sidana warrior sliced the village leader’s head off. 
The screams started as the Sidana warriors rushed into the village. Serin couldn’t move. His whole body trembled uncontrollably as the Sidana leader approached him. 
“Take this one,” he growled, looking down at Serin. 
“Yes, Rakar.” 
“I want this one and find a female of equal beauty.” 
“Yes Rakar.” 
Serin couldn’t look up at Rakar, fear wouldn’t allow it. He felt himself being lifted up and thrown over the large warrior’s shoulder. Serin arched up and looked at his village being destroyed. His eyes locked with Rakar’s. That smile on his face chilled Serin. 
“Keher!” Serin shouted. 
“Serin!” 
Serin quickly looked over to the sound of Keher’s voice. Two large Sidana warriors had Keher pinned to the ground. They had placed a collar around Keher’s neck.
“Wherever they take you Keher, I will find you!” 
Serin jerked when he felt the painful swat on his ass.
“Quiet, pretty one. Your large friend will be sent to labor for us. You however…” The warrior rubbed Serin’s ass. “My leader wants you as a plaything.” The warrior laughed loudly as he carried Serin away.
“Serin!!” Keher cried out. 
Serin was carried over to the hut that normally was used as a meeting place for villagers to discuss issues. Now, it was used as temporary holding cell for villagers that were going to be used as slaves.
The large warrior set Serin down then pushed him inside the hut. Serin looked around at all the familiar faces. Young women were huddled in the corner. Young men similar to his built sat quietly in the middle. Serin felt the vomit start to rise up when he saw the children. These children had not quite made it to maturity yet. He knew their fate, it was the same as his. Nobody said anything.
Serin walked over to the children and sat next to them. 
“Serin…” A young girl snuggled up to him. “What is going to happen to us, to my parents…to everyone?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Are we going to die?” 
“Shh…” Serin held the little girl to him. He looked up hearing the door open. Another young woman was being pushed inside. “Bashi.” 
“Serin.” Bashi hurried over to him. 
Serin kissed the little girl on top of the head then stood up and grabbed Bashi’s hand, leading her over to the side of the hut.  Bashi was beautiful, she was smaller than Serin. Her long brown hair was always so soft looking. Her face had such a delicate beauty to it. And those light blue eyes gave her a look of innocence. 
“Serin, they are killing so many of us.” She started to cry. She wrapped her arms tightly around Serin. 
“What about Keher, did you see him?” 
“He was dragged over to another hut along with every man or woman who looked like they were hearty workers. I am so afraid.” She nuzzled her face against his chest. 
“So am I,” he whispered. 

***

 After what seemed like an eternity the village became eerily quiet. Serin slowly stood up. Bashi did the same. 
Deep rich laughter rang out just outside of the hut. 
Everyone in the hut jerked when one of the doors burst open. 
Rakar threw Rarulo into the hut. Rarulo looked battered and beaten. Rakar entered the hut looking around at his prizes. Several other warriors entered the hut behind him. 
“Good work men,” Rakar said. “We will stay in this village until the workers have filled our ships.” 
“Yes Rakar,” the rest of the warrior’s said in unison. 
Rakar pulled Rarulo up by the hair, forcing the young man to stand up.  Rarulo was no bigger than Serin and was built similar. Rarulo was more rugged looking than Serin.
“This one…” Rakar grabbed Rarulo’s beaten face. “I will enjoy breaking this one.”  Rakar threw Rarulo back to the ground.  He walked over to Serin and Bashi. “These two will be mine as well. Take them to my hut.” 
“Yes Rakar.” 
Two large warriors grabbed Serin and Bashi. Another grabbed Rarulo. 
“The rest of these can be doled out amongst the trainers.” 
Serin was emotionally and physically numb. He felt the warrior set him down then leave the hut. That look of hunger in Rakar’s eyes terrified him. Serin had never been with a man before or for that matter he had never been with a woman either.  What was Rakar going to make him do? 
“Rarulo, are you alright?” Bashi said as she hurried over to him. “Serin, Rarulo isn’t conscious.” 
“It’s probably for the best.” Serin looked around the village leader’s hut. He had never been in here before. Now the image of the village leader’s head being chopped off by Rakar flooded his mind. 
Serin hurried over to Bashi when the door burst open. He placed himself in front of her in a feeble attempt to protect her. 
Rakar removed his armor as he looked over his new playthings. His cock started to harden thinking about the things he was going to do to them. After he had removed all his armor he quickly took off his shirt then headed over to Serin and Bashi. 
“Leave her alone!” Serin yelled. 
Rakar looked at Serin with amusement. He walked passed them and headed to Rarulo when he heard Rarulo moaning. 
Rarulo managed to stand up as Rakar got closer. “I will kill you for what you did to my village.” 
“Really…” Rakar grabbed Rarulo and pushed him back to the floor. He placed his foot on Rarulo’s back pinning him to the floor. “You are no match for me, boy.” 
“I will kill you.” Rarulo squirmed on the floor. 
Rakar shoved Rarulo with his foot. He slowly came down to the ground using his body to pin Rarulo to the ground. “I will have to break you, boy.” Rakar climbed off of Rarulo and in two swift movements removed Rarulo’s clothes. 
“Don’t touch me,” Rarulo growled as he tried to free himself from Rakar’s grasp. 
Serin couldn’t watch as Rakar proceeded to rape Rarulo. He felt Bashi grab his arm she too couldn’t watch what was happening. Serin’s body trembled hearing Rarulo cry out in agony. 
Bashi grabbed onto Serin tighter as Rarulo’s ordeal continued on. 
“Stop it!!” Serin cried out, no longer able to take his friend’s cries of aguish. He heard Rakar grunt then the whimpering sounds of Rarulo. 
Shortly afterwards he felt a strong hand in his hair. His body trembled as he looked up into Rakar’s crystal eyes. He knew soon he would suffer what Rarulo had just gone through. But to his surprise Rakar did nothing. Serin couldn’t stop himself from looking at Rakar’s naked body. His eyes widened seeing the blood covering Rakar’s large cock. 
“Girl, come and bathe me,” Rakar grumbled.  “You, my beauty,” Rakar grabbed Serin’s hair and pulled hard forcing Serin to look him in the eyes. “go clean that boy up.” Rakar let go of Serin’s hair and walked over to the bathing room. Bashi reluctantly followed. 
Serin hurried over to Rarulo. 
“Don’t touch me,” Rarulo growled. 
“Rarulo…” 
“Leave me be.” Rarulo slowly got up and walked over to the other side of the room. He just sat there naked in the corner looking off into space. 
Serin just stood there not really knowing what to do for his friend. 

***

Rakar walked around the village, instructing his men what to take and what to leave. The slaves were being prepared to be loaded up on the transport vehicles. Rakar had left his personal slaves in the leader hut. They were going to be the last ones taken to the ship. He raped Rarulo repeatedly throughout the night. However, he didn’t touch Bashi or Serin. He wanted to save them for later. Rarulo’s feeble attempts to defend his village amused Rakar. The thought of breaking such a strong-willed man was too enticing. He wanted the pleasure of breaking Rarulo before they headed back to the ship. He did just that through the night. Rarulo’s will to fight was gone and toward dawn he gave himself willing to Rakar.
“Rakar,” Senatu said as he approached him. Senatu was Rakar’s second in command. Rakar had only four warriors he trusted enough to lead the army alongside of him, Senatu, Cybin, Nuruc and Kydas, his trusted warriors and his best friends. The only man Rakar had to answer to was the ruler of all the Sidanas, Maru. Everyone feared Maru, his unmatched skill as a warrior, his intimidating looks and demure. He ruled cruel and merciless, anyone who dared crossed him or questioned him was instantly killed. 
“What is it, Senatu?” 
“This colony wasn’t very rich in resources. I wondered how the other three made out with the colonies they attacked?” 
“You know Cybin, Nuruc and Kydas, they will be victorious. Besides, this planet is seriously lacking in any quality warriors.” 
“You look tired. Didn’t you rest last night?” 
“I was too busy breaking a stubborn little man.” 
“It was that young warrior wasn’t it?” 
“Yes.” Rakar smiled. 
“Pity, he was the only one with any courage in this colony. How long did it take to break him?” 
“All night, but by morning he was sucking my cock willingly.” 
“He was a strong one. Usually you break the stubborn slaves in a few hours.” Senatu started to chuckle. “You have quite a fetish for dominating strong-willed people don’t you.” 
“Oh hell yeah, the meek will do whatever I ask of them to keep themselves alive. But the strong ones…mmm…forcing my will on them excites me to no end.” 
“Well personally I prefer the meek. After a battle I just want my cock sucked then I want to bury my cock deeply into my new slave. It’s no wonder you don’t have a steady lover back home.” 
“Pfhhh, I don’t care much for that.” 
“You don’t want someone to come home to? I adore my Sindala. Knowing she is waiting for me at home drives me to fight harder. Cybin has Tereal his male lover. Nuruc and Kydas want a lover to go home to.” 
“Love…it is a silly emotion. Lust, now that is a much better emotion. I only need my new slaves to invoke that feeling in me.” 
“You are a cold man, Rakar. I hope someday you will know how good love feels. Loving someone brings balance.” 
Rakar pulled out his sword and lovingly caressed the hilt. “This brings balance. Love brings only chaos and it makes a man weak.” 
“If you say so, but I feel love brings me strength.”   

***

Serin held Bashi to him. He looked at Rarulo sitting across the room, looking out into space. All night Serin and Bashi witnessed Rakar forcing himself onto Rarulo. Serin’s heart broke seeing the strong and proud Rarulo give up and become Rakar’s willing slave. Serin wished he was strong enough to kill Rakar. Rarulo would have been spared torment and agony. A feeling of shame fell over Serin. He looked down at Bashi as she slept cradled to him. She held onto him as if somehow he could protect her from Rakar. Serin knew he wasn’t going to be able to protect anyone. If only he had the strength of Keher. He prayed that Keher was still alive and spared the kind of torment Rarulo was forced to endure. 
Serin looked over to Rarulo as he slowly stood up. 
“Rarulo?” Serin said as Rarulo walked over to Rakar’s armor. Serin gently laid Bashi down on the ground trying not to wake her then he stood up and walked over to Rarulo. 
Rarulo caressed Rakar’s armor. That vacant look on his face scared Serin. 
“Rarulo what are you doing?” Serin’s eyes widened seeing the dagger in Rarulo’s hands. “You can’t fight Rakar he will kill you.” 
“I don’t plan on fighting him.” 
“Then what are you going to do with that dagger?” 
Rarulo looked at Serin. “I will not become his sex slave. I won’t…I can’t…” 
“Drop the dagger, Rarulo. We will think of something together. You can’t give up.” 
“What can we do against those warriors? Tell me Serin. Are you going to take one of their swords and fight?  I bet you can’t even lift one of their heavy swords.” 
“Rarulo, please give me the knife. We will somehow escape, run far away from them.” 
“They will hunt us down like animals. Hell, they probably want us to try and escape so they can make sport of us.” 
“Rarulo please…”  Serin reached his hand out. “Give me the dagger.” 
Rarulo slapped Serin’s hand away. “You saw what he made me do over and over again. You heard his mocking words as he took my pride and honor from me. How can I possibly live with myself knowing what he made me do, what he made me become? How am I supposed to endure that smug domineering look on his face each time he looks at me? How can I live wondering what humiliating thing he will force me to do next and knowing how much satisfaction it brings him to see me do these things? Tell me Serin, tell me how?!”
“Rarulo, I will help you, please don’t kill yourself.” 
Rarulo smiled and lowered the dagger. “Do you remember the time we kissed in the field?” 
“Yes,” Serin whispered.
“The crops had just been harvested, the air was crisp, and the big old tree stood there majestically. I led you out there with the intention of kissing you. I noticed that you never looked at any of the girls in the village.” Rarulo chuckled a little. “I was so afraid that I may have mistaken your lack of interest in girls to mean that you liked boys. What if I was wrong? I knew you wouldn’t have said anything, but you would have avoided me. To my surprise you let me kiss you. Your lips were so soft and I could tell you were just as frightened as I was. Hell, we were only what, fourteen. All we did was kiss that afternoon. I can still smell your scent—feel the softness of your hair and skin. I still remember when you relaxed and enjoyed the kiss. You know what’s funny.” 
“What?” 
“Now that we have become men, I was going to take you to that same tree and make love to you. I was just waiting for the harvest to be done. Now I will never know what your body feels like undermine. I know that you see me as only friend and not a lover, but I just wanted to have you once.” 
“Rarulo don’t give up.” Serin held out his hand again. Rarulo slowly handed him the dagger. “I will think of something to get all of us out of here.” 
“How can you even look at me now after you witness my shame?” 
Serin lightly caressed Rarulo’s hair. “I feel only hatred toward Rakar for doing that to you. To me, you will always be my brave friend. The one I wanted so much to be as brave as. Nothing will ever change that.” Serin placed his hand under Rarulo’s chin and tilted his head up so he was looking into Serin’s eyes. “Nothing, do you hear me?” 
“Yes,” Rarulo said quietly. 
Serin placed the dagger back into the sheath that was in the hip part of the armor. Serin’s eyes opened wide seeing Rakar entering the hut. 
“Now what is going on here?” Rakar said as he strolled over to the two men.
Serin placed himself in front of Rarulo. “I was admiring your armor,” Serin said. 
“Uh hah, sure you were. I want you to get ready to go. Move out of the way I want to play with my new bitch.” Rakar smiled down at Rarulo. 
“Please, leave him be.” 
Rakar looked to Serin a bit surprised. “Do you want to take his place? I want my cock sucked, do you think you can do a better job at it?” Rakar smirked at Serin. 
“I will take his place,” Serin said quietly. He had never sucked a cock before, but to save Rarulo even a moment of pain he was willing to bear this burden for him. 
“Serin no,” Rarulo whispered. 
“Very well then.” Rakar walked over to the bed and sat down. “You,” he growled at Rarulo. “Prepare you and the woman to leave.” 
“Serin…” Rarulo grabbed Serin’s arm. 
Serin only smiled at him then walked over to Rakar. He came down to his knees in front of Rakar. 
Rakar looked at Serin kneeling there. His eyes took in Serin’s beauty. He had never seen a man like this before. Serin had a true gentleness to him that radiated out and made him even more beautiful. Serin’s skin was as smooth as the fairest of women. And his hair looked like spun silk. 
“Look at me,” Rakar growled. His heart thumped harder as he gazed into Serin’s gentle warm brown eyes. Serin’s face was the epitome of beauty. He was use to the harden looks of his comrades, the terrified and hateful looks of his slaves. No woman in his mind could compare to the beauty of this man kneeling before him. Rakar began to grow angry at himself. What in the hell was he waiting for?  This slave should already be sucking him off by now. And yet, Rakar is hesitating to make this man suck his cock. Rakar never hesitates. He takes what he wants when he wants it. 
“I don’t know how to start,” Serin quietly said. He wasn’t sure what Rakar wanted him to do. Was he supposed to undress Rakar or wait for him to do so? 
Rakar saw his opening and he took it. “You have never sucked cock before have you?” 
“No.” 
“Damn it, I don’t have time to wait for an unskilled slave to clumsily try to suck me off. Just get ready to go.” 
“Yes…” 
“Call me Sir if you want to live another day.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
“Now hurry and ready yourself.” 
Rakar stood up and pushed Serin to the ground with his foot. “You all have exactly ten minutes to get your asses out of this hut and waiting for me next to the center of town. If you even think about running I will kill you.” 
Serin felt such a feeling of relief course through him as he watched Rakar leave the hut. 
“Serin, you don’t have to protect me. I have no desire to watch your innocence be taken away from you, especially from that man.”  Rarulo helped Serin to his feet. 
“I told you I was going to help you.” 
“Not like that Serin, not like that.” 
“We must hurry and get out of here. I don’t want Rakar angry at me,” Bashi said.
The three cleaned themselves up. After the large warrior had gathered Rakar’s armor and left the hut, the three of them headed out to the center of town. 

***

Serin’s eyes darted everywhere when they boarded the large ship. He had heard stories how the Sidana had the fastest and most deadly ships in the galaxy. This ship was enormous. When going up the boarding lift Serin saw the numerous cannons at the ready up and down the side of the large vessel. Serin couldn’t count the numerous warriors that were bustling about. This was a warship more than a transport vessel. The Sidana made all their vessels ready for war. It was if their whole culture depended on war and violence to survive. There was no warmth in the ship. Serin’s body felt as cold as the metal of this ship. 
“Keep moving,” a large warrior said as he used a long electrical pole to prod the slaves forward. The slave a few feet in front of Serin wailed in agony as he was shocked by the electrical pole. 
“I am frightened,” Bashi said as she moved closer to Serin.
“So am I,” Serin whispered. 
“Rakar!” one of the warriors said. 
Rakar simply nodded at the warrior as he walked by him. 
“Quite a lot of slaves this time,” another warrior commented.
Again Rakar only nodded his head. 
Serin winced and held his scream as he was poked with the electrical pole. This caused Serin to pause briefly. He heard the sound of a sword being unsheathed. He quickly looked up just as Rakar stabbed the warrior who had just prodded Serin. 
“No one touches my slaves,” Rakar growled as he pulled his sword from the belly of the warrior. The warrior fell to the ground. The other warriors quickly noticed. Rakar grabbed Serin by the arm and pulled him over. “You two come here.” Bashi and Rarulo went over to him. 
The three followed behind him as they walked next to the other slaves. They walked to the belly of the ship. Rakar held out his hand to stop his three slaves from going any further. 
Serin could only watch as the other slaves were divided into groups. A group of warriors chose which slaves they wanted. The remaining slaves were pushed off to the side. 
“What is going to happen to them?” Serin asked quietly.
“Who knows, since they are unwanted by the warriors they will either work in this ship or brought back to my planet to be used as whatever.” Rakar looked down at Serin standing next to him. Serin was so much smaller than Rakar.
“Rakar.” 
“Ah Kydas.” Rakar shook Kydas’ hand. Kydas had short brown hair and dark eyes. He was a very intimidating looking man. 
“I see you took some slaves for yourself. Well the way you wear your slaves out it’s no wonder you always come back with fresh ones.” 
“What about you?” 
“I took a woman for a slave that’s all. I was more interested in gathering this planet’s minerals. Maru wants a full report once we take off.” 
“I will make sure to do that. You will have to join me for a drink and tell me about your battle.” 
“I would love to, how about tonight?” 
“Sounds good.” 
“I will see you at the entertainment level.” 
“Come on,” Rakar said as he grabbed Serin’s arm. Serin’s skin was very soft to the touch and Rakar lingered holding onto him a little longer than he wanted to. 
He opened the metal door. He led Serin into the room. Bashi and Rarulo followed shortly after. 
Serin looked around the cold room. There were only a few mattresses thrown on the floor and a smaller room off to the side. No doubt it was the bathroom. 
“Get use to this. It’s your new home while we head back to my planet. There is nowhere to escape to, so don’t even try. If you please me I will allow you to live in my home once we get back. If you don’t please me I will sell you to the Travelers.” Rakar smiled seeing the terrified looks on all three of their faces. Good, they knew who the Travelers were. They are sure to behave themselves now. 
Serin watched Rakar leave the room. 
“They sell slaves to the Travelers?” Bashi asked. 
“They would. The Travelers are animals just like the Sidana are,” Rarulo said.
“Do the Travelers really use slaves in their sick games?” Serin asked.
“All the stories you heard back home are true, Serin. The Travelers journey from planet to planet putting on their inhuman shows. The elite of society pay big bucks to watch these twisted shows. I guess seeing men and women kill each other is entertaining to the upper crust. Or maybe watching animals devour human flesh gets them off. In any case we don’t want to end up with the Travelers.” 
“But we don’t want to be here either. Who knows what the Sidana warriors will do to us,” Bashi said. 
“Don’t worry Bashi we will think of something. Just as long as we do what Rakar asks of us we will be okay,” Serin added. 
“That depends on what Rakar wants,” Rarulo growled. 

***

 Rakar enjoyed talking with his friends. He headed back to his chamber. He removed his shirt then stretched out on the sofa. His chamber was very lavish since he was one of the Generals of Maru’s army. He hit a button and a small screen rose up from the floor. He typed a code in and waited. He slowly sat up.
“Maru.” Rakar bowed his head in respect for his leader.
“Rakar, I am pleased you have taken those colonies on that small planet so quickly. Tell me was there anything of real value on that planet?” 
“Not really Sir, a few minerals that are useful, but nothing we don’t have on Sidana already. We have captured many slaves and took their crops. It isn’t really worth attacking anymore colonies on this planet.” 
“What about warriors?” 
“The men on this planet are rather puny and spineless. There were a few that were strong that will make great hard laborers, but other than that we had no real resistance.” 
“You sound disappointed, Rakar.” Maru’s image came in clear. Maru was a very large man, with jet-black hair and eyes. There was no warmth to him, his gaze was cold, his voice was cold. Even Rakar wouldn’t dare challenge this man. 
“I am Sir. It has been so long since I had a good fight. These colonies in this sector give up so easy.” 
“I see the Sidana’s reputation is spreading even to the furthest reaches of this universe.” Maru looked very pleased.  “You and your men will have some down time once you arrive home. You deserve it.” 
“Thank you Sir.” Rakar watched as the screen turned black. Maru’s need to dominate everything was making Rakar weary.  There was no real need to travel out this far. Most of these planets had a few colonies with very little value to them. Yet, Rakar did whatever Maru commanded, all warriors did. Maru executed anyone who defied him. He even had an execution platform built just for his people. This platform vaporized anyone standing on it. This was Maru’s only real show of compassion, which was ironic, seeing how he only showed compassion to his people at their time of death. 
Rakar stood up and stretched. He was glad this mission was over. Attacking small colonies was such a waste of his talents. He needed to fuck one of his new slaves. His mind immediately went to Serin. His cock began to grow hard seeing Serin’s beautiful face in his mind. He waited long enough to claim his slave. 
He exited his chamber and went to the next door down. He opened the metal door causing all three of his slaves to jump up. His eyes went immediately to Serin. Damn, that man was beautiful. Rakar’s cock grew even harder. And yet…that look on Serin’s face, so innocent, so warm, with just a hint of fear in his eyes. Damn it! Rakar was hesitating again. Rakar needed to just take this man, fuck him until he was sated. But he couldn’t bring himself to grab Serin. He walked further into the room and grabbed a hold of Bashi. 
“No!” Serin tried reaching for her, but Rarulo stopped him. 
Rakar dragged Bashi from the chamber and straight to his. He pulled her into his chamber then pushed her down onto the sofa. He removed his pants and walked over to the frighten woman. 
“I won’t hurt you if you bring me satisfaction.” He grabbed her head and pulled her closer. “I want to feel your mouth on my cock.” 
Bashi didn’t hesitate she quickly took his cock into her mouth and started sucking. She has done this very thing to several of the men from the colony, so she knew what she was doing. 
“You are very talented with your mouth,” Rakar said as he began thrusting his cock into her mouth. “You are not as innocent as you look.” Rakar pulled her hair so she would look up at him as she sucked his cock. “Tell me, does your pretty male friend know what a whore you are?” He pulled her hair harder. “Does he?” 
She shook her head no. 
“I see, so his efforts to protect your innocence are a waste of time. You like sucking on a cock don’t you.” He pushed her head closer to him. She swallowed every inch of him without gagging. “Is that pussy of yours well used too?” He pulled his cock from her mouth and pushed her backwards. He squatted down and turned her so that she was facing away from him. He pulled her dress up and rammed his cock deeply into her. He thrust hard and fast, pulling her hair with each thrust. He brought himself to orgasm quickly. He pushed her down on the sofa then he stood. 
“Your pussy has been used several times.” Rakar started to laugh. He walked over to a metal cabinet. He pushed a button and shortly afterwards a glass of wine emerged. “By the way you looked I assumed you were innocent when I chose you. I am very disappointed. Perhaps I should sell you to the Travelers. I am sure I could fetch a pretty good price for you.” 
Bashi hurried to him and fell to her knees before him. “Please don’t sell me to the Travelers. I will do whatever you want.” 
“Of course you will do whatever I want. How is that supposed to change my mind?” 
Bashi bow down with her upper body lying on the ground. “I can bring you so much pleasure. I can bring your friends so much pleasure. Please don’t sell me to the Travelers.” 
Rakar walked away from her. He paged three of his finest warriors. Within moments they arrived at his chambers.
“Sir,” they all three said as they entered the chamber. 
“You men have done a fine job. You may take her and use her until we arrive back at Sidana.” 
Bashi quickly came up to her feet. She looked at the three very large warriors. 
“You sate those three and I won’t sell you to the Travelers.” He watched as one of the large warriors threw Bashi over his shoulder and carried her out. The other two warriors followed him. 
Rakar set his glass down and walked over to the large window. The stars raced by as the ship moved at an amazing speed through the universe. He turned around and headed out of his chamber. He punched the button that opened the door to the slave chamber. He walked into the room and grabbed Serin. 
“Don’t touch him you bastard!” Rarulo yelled. 
“Ah, I see the fight is coming back to you. Perhaps I need to break that strong will again.” 
“Rarulo it is alright,” Serin said in a quiet voice. 
Rakar dragged Serin from the room straight to his chamber. “Get in there.” He shoved Serin into the room. 
Serin stood in the middle of the room with his head bowed. He had no idea what Rakar was going to do, whatever it was he would endure it. “Where is Bashi?” 
“That little whore is entertaining some of my warriors.” 
“She is no whore,” Serin quietly said. 
“I am afraid she is. Do you love her?” Rakar moved closer.
“She is my friend.” 
“Do you love her, boy?” 
“I…” 
“Answer the question or I will beat the answer out of you.” 
“I don’t look upon women like that.” 
Rakar’s cock became instantly hard. “Did you have a male lover?” 
“I have never…” 
Rakar lunged at Serin and pulled him into his arms. He felt Serin’s body instantly stiffen up. Rakar ran his fingers through Serin’s shoulder-length dark brown hair as he held him tightly to him with one arm. This man’s hair did feel like silk.  He pulled Serin’s hair forcing Serin to look him in the eye.  The warmth mix with fear in Serin’s eyes…Rakar slowly set Serin down and stepped away from him.
“Damn it!” Rakar shouted. Why can’t he just take this man? Damn it!! “Go lie in my bed. I want you naked.”  He pointed to the door just off to the side. He watched as Serin entered the bedroom. He was going to take that beautiful man. This time no hesitation. Rakar walked over to the metal cabinet and got himself something stronger to drink. 
Serin looked around the large bedroom. He slowly removed his clothes as his eyes wandered. This room was very masculine in décor. Black and silver were the only colors in this room. The bed was very large and covered with black sheets. Serin’s body trembled as he climbed onto the bed naked. He used one of the sheets to cover his body. He jerked when the door opened. Rakar just stood there looking at him. Serin was so afraid. He didn’t know what to expect. Even if somehow Rakar was gentle with him would it still hurt to have this man’s cock inside him? 
Rakar stood there looking at Serin. It was obvious this little man was afraid. Rakar was hesitating again, which only made him angry with himself. He slowly walked over to the bed. He pulled the sheet from Serin’s body. Serin tried to cover himself with his hands. 
“Let me see you,” Rakar whispered. Serin slowly moved his hands. “Lie back.” 
Serin did what Rakar asked. His body trembled as Rakar devoured him with his eyes. Serin closed his eyes and waited for Rakar to take him. He felt the weight of Rakar’s body on the bed. Serin’s body trembled more. Rakar’s hands felt rough against Serin’s soft flesh, his hands exploring every inch of Serin’s body. 
“Look at me,” Rakar said. 
Serin slowly opened his eyes. Rakar was now lying on top of him. He held his body weight with his strong arms. 
“You are beautiful,” Rakar whispered. The whiskey had loosened Rakar’s tongue. 
Serin couldn’t move as Rakar lowered down and captured Serin’s lips. Rakar’s kiss was hard, dominating, and intense, Serin groaned feeling Rakar’s weight upon him.
Rakar reached down and spread Serin’s legs apart as he held his dominating kiss. He heard Serin whimper. He started moving his hips back and forth rubbing his cock against Serin’s cock. He groaned as he felt Serin’s cock grow hard. He rocked his hips back and forth, rubbing his cock faster and faster against Serin. Rakar rose up and moaned.  He looked down at Serin as he heard the small moan escape from Serin’s lips. Rakar grinded his hips into Serin, the softness of Serin’s flesh along with the hardness of his cock felt so good as Rakar continued to rub his cock against Serin.
Serin felt this wonderful pressure start to build. He couldn’t restrain his moans anymore as the pleasure rushed through his body. He looked up at Rakar who was arched up with his head thrown back. Rakar growled and groaned as he rubbed faster and faster. Serin raised his hands up grabbing the pillow under his head. He gasped when Rakar latched on to his hands and pinned them to the pillow. Rakar’s grasp was tight as he squeezed Serin’s hands. Rakar arched back again closing his eyes.  The pressure built in Serin’s balls as they drew up. Serin moaned loudly as cum surged up through his cock’s shaft. Serin held his breath as his cum shot out. 
Rakar looked down at Serin and roared as he orgasmed. His body fell on top of Serin as he tried to catch his breath. Rakar’s long blond hair fanned out over Serin’s arms as Rakar laid there on top of him. Serin was surprised on how soft Rakar’s hair was. Slowly Rakar rolled off of Serin. He lay there breathing hard. He should have buried his cock deeply into Serin’s ass, but somehow he couldn’t do it. 
Both lay there silently. Serin didn’t dare move and waited for Rakar to either to tell him to leave or… 
Rakar pulled Serin on top of him. He sat up nuzzling his cock between Serin’s ass cheeks. He could feel Serin’s body tremble. He grabbed a handful of Serin’s hair and pulled him closer. Rakar captured Serin’s lips, his kiss this time was softer, less forceful. His hand latched hard onto Serin’s hair as the other caressed Serin’s back. Rakar wasn’t sure if it was the whiskey making him be tender with this man or something else. Right now he didn’t care. He was content just kissing this beautiful man and holding him close.  After twenty minutes Rakar released Serin. He looked into Serin’s face. Serin’s lips were slightly swollen from Rakar’s kisses. That look on Serin’s face…he had taken pleasure from Rakar’s touch. Rakar pushed Serin off of him. 
“Get dress and go back to your chamber.” 
“Yes Sir.” Serin quickly got dressed and left. 
Rakar laid there staring at the ceiling. What the hell was wrong with him? He was never tender with anyone…ever. He liked being rough, liked forcing his dominance onto his slaves or his lovers. Perhaps it was better if he sold Serin once they got back to Sidana. Rakar punched the pillow next to him causing the whole bed to shake. He didn’t know if he could sell Serin.
“This is ridicules,” he growled as he sat up. “Fuck it, I am selling Serin and that’s final,” he told himself. But, his voice lacked conviction.

Serin slowly walked into the chamber. Rarulo hurried to him. 
“Are you alright? Did he hurt you?” 
“I am fine. He didn’t hurt me.” 
“He didn’t?” 
“No,” Serin said quietly. He felt ashamed for taking pleasure from his captor. He should feel defiled or repulsed. But he didn’t and this shamed him more.
“Then what’s wrong?” 
“I am just shaken up a bit. I was so afraid that he was going to hurt me. But he didn’t.” 
“I am glad.” Rarulo wrapped his arms around Serin.
Serin held his friend tightly. 
“Where is Bashi?” Rarulo asked. 
Serin said nothing. 
“Where is she?” Rarulo stepped back and looked at Serin.
“Rakar gave her to some of his warriors to use.” 
“That bastard.” 
Serin walked over to the mattress on the floor and laid down on it. He felt Rarulo lay down beside him. Rarulo wrapped his arm protectively around Serin. 

***

It had been four days and Bashi never returned to the slave chamber, neither did Rakar. Serin was so worried about Bashi. Rarulo however seemed more concern why Rakar hadn’t come to the chamber. 
Both of them jumped to their feet as the metal door opened.  A large man with long silver hair entered the chamber. This man was dressed in full battle armor. 
“My name is Nuruc. I am doing Rakar a favor by taking you two to the slave processing center. Don’t even think about making me angry. Now follow me. You try and escape, which would be the stupidest moment of your pathetic lives, and I will kill you without hesitation. Let’s go.” 
“Nuruc could you please tell me where is Bashi,” Serin asked as he followed the large man out of the chamber.
“Who?” 
“Bashi, she was the woman Rakar took as his slave too.” 
“Oh her.” 
“Could you tell me where she is?” 
Nuruc turned around and looked down at Serin. “She’s dead.” 
“What?! How?!” 
“I don’t have time for this now let’s go.” He turned around and started walking again. He was surprised when Serin grabbed his arm.
“She can’t be dead.” 
Nuruc wished he could just beat this slave and throw this bothersome little man over his shoulder and carry him to the processing center. If it wasn’t for Rakar’s request for Nuruc not to harm the pretty little male, Nuruc would have done just that. Nuruc did find it strange that Rakar would make such a request, but seeing how innocent looking this slave was he came to the conclusion that Rakar wanted to be the one to break this particular slave. 
“You are wasting my time.” 
“Please tell me.” Serin grabbed Nuruc’s arm tighter.
“The three warriors that Rakar gave her to used her brutally for three days. The warriors took her back to Rakar complaining that she wasn’t a cooperative slave. Rakar decided to sell her to the Travelers.  She killed herself rather than be sold to the Travelers.” 
“She wouldn’t have…” 
“Rakar gave her a choice. He was going to sell her or she could kill herself.” 
Serin let Nuruc’s arm go. Rarulo grabbed Serin’s hand and pulled him over to his side. 
“How could he do that?” Serin whispered.
“Because he is a cold-hearted bastard, just like this warrior is.” Rarulo glared at Nuruc. 
They followed Nuruc off the ship. The docking area was enormous. Serin had never seen such a place before. Rarulo grabbed Serin’s hand tighter. They made sure to keep up with Nuruc. They could easily get lost in here. There were so many people, so many large warriors and beautiful men and women greeting these warriors. Serin’s heart just about broke seeing so many slaves being unloaded from the ships. Serin’s breath caught when he spotted Keher. 
“Keher!” Serin shouted. Rarulo immediately looked over. He was relieved to see that his friend was still alive.
“Serin!” Keher was bound with chains. All the large males were. 
“What are you shouting about?” Nuruc grabbed Serin’s arm. 
“Let him go,” Rarulo growled. 
Nuruc backhanded Rarulo sending him to the ground. 
“What are you shouting about?” Nuruc repeated, his patience rapidly running out. He wanted to go to his home and relax with his new slaves. 
“It’s my friend.” Serin tried to break free of Nuruc’s grasp. 
“Enough!” Nuruc growled. “Either you follow me like a good little slave or I will make sure your big friend is sold to the mining colony of Ashane.
Serin quickly quieted down. 
“I will find you Serin!” Keher shouted. 
Serin winced seeing the slave handler strike Keher with a whip. 
They seemed to walk forever then finally they arrived at a very large building just outside of the docking area. Nuruc talked to one of the women working behind the counter. He was obviously flirting with the pretty lady. The woman seemed flattered by his attention. 
“You two come here,” Nuruc said. 
Serin and Rarulo walked over to him and stood in front of the counter. 
“Well, isn’t that little one beautiful,” the woman said.
“These two are Rakar’s personal slaves. Could you see they are transported to his home?” Nuruc leaned against the counter. “How about you come over to my place later?” 
“I am honored Nuruc.” 
Serin watched as Nuruc left them there at the counter. 
“Nuruc is one of Maru’s Generals and he wants me,” the woman squealed. “He is so handsome too. I am so lucky.” She started filling out some paperwork. “What is your name cutie?” She looked at Serin.
“I am Serin and this is Rarulo.” 
“What planet are you from?” 
“You mean to tell me that there are slaves from different planets in there?” Rarulo growled. 
“Well of course. Do you honestly believe Maru would waste his warriors’ time going to only one planet. That is absurd that you even thought that. Come on, sending an entire fleet of ships to attack one planet.” 
“We are from Nunos,” Serin said as he grabbed Rarulo’s hand tighter to calm him down. 
“You belong to Rakar. What I wouldn’t give to be asked into his bed,” the woman sighed. “He is so handsome and that long blond hair of his, oh what he could do with those silky strands. His eyes, those crystal blue eyes, mmm. Well anyways, let me finish this paperwork and one of the Handlers will take you to Rakar’s home.” 
“Are you even human?” Rarulo hissed. 
“Excuse me.” 
“You sit there talking about those filthy warriors as if they are some sort of heroes, while you fill out your stupid paperwork. We are the ones who were taken from our homes. We are the ones whose homes were destroyed. We are the ones whose lives are ruined. You treat us like we are Rakar’s possessions, like we aren’t human.” 
That look of indifference on her face angered Rarulo more. 
“Shall I call the guard?” 
“You aren’t listening to me are you?” 
“The fact is you are just a possession, Rakar’s possession. You are no different than any other possession Rakar owns. So yes, in my eyes you are not human at all. You are lucky I talked to you at all.” 
“We are not that bastard’s possessions!” Rarulo slammed his fist on the counter. “We are human just like you.” 
“You dare compare yourself to me. Handler!” 
“What is wrong?” A large man hurried over. 
“Take these two to Rakar’s home. Make sure you bound and gag that one.” She pointed to Rarulo. “Wait a moment.” She jotted something down on a piece of paper then handed it to the handler. “Make sure Rakar knows why this slave is bound and gagged.” 
“Yes Miss.” 
“Please don’t do that to Rarulo,” Serin said quietly as he placed his hands on the counter. “Please.” 
“You are so cute.” She reached over and pinched Serin’s cheeks. She motioned for the Handler to continue then she went back to her paperwork. 
“Come on you,” the Handler said as he gently grabbed Serin’s arm. 
Serin couldn’t look over at Rarulo. They had placed him on a long wooden pole, like he was a prize animal they caught on a hunt. Two Handlers carried Rarulo as the main Handler kept a hold of Serin’s arm.
“Are you sure Rakar won’t be angry that we will leave marks on this one?” one of the Handlers asked as he shifted the wooden pole to be able to carry it more comfortably.
“Rakar’s only instruction was that this pretty one not be marked up. He said nothing about that other one.” The main Handler checked the paperwork to make sure that he was correct about that. No one wanted Rakar angry with them. He had the power to make your life a living hell. Besides, Rakar was a grand General and has earned the respect of the people. 
“What’s so special about that one?” one of the Handlers asked.
“I don’t know, but are you going to go against Rakar’s orders.” 
“Hell no.” 
The Handlers went on one of the many transport trains. Serin sat quietly looking out the window and watched the scenery go by. This city was enormous and very advanced. Especially compared to the colony Serin was born and raised in.  Transport trains whizzed by, the lights of the many buildings twinkled as the day gave way to the night. 
“I bet you are not use to this kind of city are you, boy?” 
“No,” Serin whispered. 
“Rakar’s home is very nice. I am sure if you do as he commands you might have a chance to live a decent life here.” 
“Yeah but I heard Rakar is a very cruel owner,” one of the Handlers added. 
Serin looked around. There were several average-looking people in this part of the train. Several of them had slaves who were sitting at their feet. Serin began to wonder what was going to happen to Keher. This made his heart grow heavy. 
The train slowed down then stopped. The Handler grabbed Serin’s arm and pulled him up to a standing position. “This is our stop, boy.” 
When they exited the train they headed to an elegant looking car. 
“Oh man, I wish I had a car this nice,” one of the Handlers said. 
“Then go become a General for Maru’s army.” Another one chuckled. 
Serin was lost in his own world during the car ride. 
“Oh nice,” a Handler said as they pulled up to a large building. “I heard getting one of these residences is hard. I think only the elite live here.” 
“Well of course you idiot. Who else could afford to live here.” 
Serin climbed out of the car and immediately the Handler grabbed his arm again. Serin hesitated waiting to see if Rarulo was alright. 
“Come on.” The Handler pulled harder squeezing Serin’s arm until it hurt. 
Serin didn’t care he waited until Rarulo was taken out of the car. They had at least unchained him from the wooden stake, though Rarulo was still gagged. 
“I said come on.” The Handler squeezed Serin’s arm really tight causing Serin to slump to the ground. The Handler just pulled him back up and dragged him to the entrance of the building. 
Serin couldn’t believe the splendor of the foyer. All sorts of precious minerals were used to make the amazing décor.
“Can I help you?” a prissy slender man said as he rushed over toward them.
“These slaves are Rakar’s, we are simply delivering them.” 
“Oh, then by all means follow me.” The man led them to the furthest elevator. He waited until they were all in then pushed the button.
Serin’s stomach flip-flopped as the elevator jetted upwards. Within seconds the elevator made it to its destination. 
“Come on,” the Handler said as he grabbed Serin’s arm. 
He led Serin to a large pair of doors which were adorned with the precious metal gold. 
“Damn Rakar’s door probably cost more than my whole residence.” 
The other Handlers chuckled. The one holding Serin rang the doorbell. 
After a couple of minutes Rakar opened the door. “About time,” he growled. He stepped back into his residence.  
“We are sorry Sir, the traffic was really bad.” 
“Let him go,” Rakar said, looking down at the Handler’s hand that was on Serin’s arm. 
The Handler quickly obeyed. 
“What’s with the gag?” Rakar asked as he looked at Rarulo.
“This one harassed the processing clerk.” 
“Did he now.” Rakar smiled at Rarulo, sending a chill down Rarulo’s spine.
“Take that one to the slave quarters. It’s just down the hall.” 
“Yes Sir.” The two Handlers dragged Rarulo away. 
“Give me the paperwork.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
Rakar looked over the paperwork to make sure his slaves were processed correctly. It was such a hassle when there was an error in the paperwork. Rakar looked over at Serin. He watched as Serin gazed around the room that is when he spotted the red fingerprints on Serin’s arm. Those marks will surely be bruised by morning. 
“Didn’t I order that no one was to hurt this one?” Rakar walked over and grabbed Serin’s arm. 
“Sir, no one has.” 
“Really, then what is that?” Rakar held Serin’s arm up to show the Handler the mark. 
The Handler turned white. He didn’t realize he had grabbed the slave’s arm so tight. His heart pounded rapidly and he began to sweat.
“Answer me?” Rakar growled. 
“Sir, I didn’t realize I was holding him so tightly. I humbly apologize, Sir.” 
Rakar let go of Serin’s arm and went over to the wall and grabbed one of the swords that were hanging off of it. 
“Sir…please…I am sorry.” The Handler began to back up. The other two Handlers entered the room then froze seeing the sword in Rakar’s hand. 
“I ordered that no one was to harm that slave.” 
“I know Sir…please…I’m sorry.” 
Ignoring the man’s pleas Rakar ran his sword through the groveling man. “My slave will have a bruise by morning.” Rakar twisted the sword. Blood shot out of the Handler’s mouth. Rakar pulled his sword out and watched as the Handler fell to the floor. “I didn’t want a mark on his beautiful skin. This order doesn’t seem that complicated to me.” Rakar watched as the Handler coughed and sputtered blood. After the Handler finally died Rakar looked over to the other two. 
“You may go, have someone come up here and clean this up.” 
“Yes Sir,” they both said as they dashed out of the room. 
“It is only a bruise,” Serin whispered as he looked down at the dead man.
“Follow me,” Rakar said as he walked down the hall.  He opened the door to the slave chamber. “Here is where you will stay. Now get use to your new home.” 
Serin slowly walked into the chamber. It was far better than the one on the ship, hell it was far better than any room in his colony. He hurried over to Rarulo and untied his hands, then removed the gag. 
Serin started to cry. Though Rarulo’s limbs were sore he quickly took Serin in his arms. “What’s wrong?” He held Serin tighter. 
“Rakar killed that man because of this little bruise. I watched him…kill that man.” 
“You mean that asshole Handler. Well good riddance to him.” 
“Rarulo…” Serin stepped out of Rarulo’s embrace.
“Fuck them Serin. Let Rakar kill all of them I don’t care.” 
“He was a human being. To be killed for such a little thing…” 
“Fuck him. I wish I would have seen him die. They don’t see us as humans, why should I treat them like humans.” 
“Rarulo what’s wrong with you?” Serin sat down and pulled his knees to his chest hugging them tightly.
“I don’t care about any of these Sidana people. Why should I?  They took us from our home. That asshole Rakar treats us like animals. Tell me Serin why should I care or even shed a tear for any of those assholes.” 
“That man was only doing his job.” 
“Serin you are too kind.” 
Serin began to cry hard. 
“Serin…” Rarulo sat down next to him. He gently rubbed his back.
“I am so afraid, not just for myself , but for you and Keher.” 
“You don’t have to worry about me.” 
“If you keep speaking up you are going to get killed. I don’t want to see you lying there in a pool of blood like that man was.” 
“Serin, I will be okay. Don’t you worry. And I am sure Keher will be just fine too. He is alive, you saw that. He is strong, I am sure they can use him as a worker. And once I figure out how to get us out of here we will find him and take him with us.” 
“What about Bashi, do you think she is really dead?” 
Rarulo didn’t know how to answer that. More than likely she was, but he couldn’t bring himself to tell Serin. “I don’t know,” was the only thing he could think to say. He leaned his head against Serin’s back. Poor Serin, he was so kind and gentle, how in the world was he going to survive this. And if he did what was it going to do to him. The thought of his sweet friend losing that warmth he had, Rarulo couldn’t think about that. “Serin,” he whispered as he nuzzled his cheek to Serin’s back.  
Rarulo thought about their home. How peaceful it was. But more so how peaceful Serin made him feel. That smile, those warm eyes, Serin had this calming effect on just about everyone. That peacefulness Serin brought to Rarulo is what made Rarulo fall in love with him. Though he knew Serin only saw him as a friend and nothing more. It didn’t matter, all that mattered was being near Serin and that peace he brought Rarulo. 
Rarulo positioned himself behind Serin. He pulled Serin to him, so that now Serin was leaning his back against him. Rarulo wrapped his arms around Serin and held him tightly as he tried to stop Serin’s tears.

***

Serin was woken up by Rarulo’s muffled cries. Serin quickly sat up just in time to see Rakar dragging Rarulo out of the room. Serin hurried to the door but it was too late Rakar had already locked the door shut. 
Rarulo fought hard to get out of Rakar’s grasp. 
“You filthy slave,” Rakar growled as he threw Rarulo to the ground. To Rakar’s amusement Rarulo jumped back up to his feet and took a fighting stance. 
“You still believe you can best me in combat, most amusing.” Rakar chuckled. 
“I am going to kill you for what you did to my home.” 
“You are welcome to try.” Rakar walked over and pulled two swords down from the wall. He tossed one at Rarulo.
Rarulo immediately grabbed the sword and was surprised by the weight of it. 
“How are you supposed to kill me if you can barely lift my sword.” Rakar held the sword he had firmly in one hand.  Within seconds Rakar charged at Rarulo knocking the sword from Rarulo’s hand. Rakar did a sweeping kick causing Rarulo to fall to the floor. He pinned Rarulo under him and positioned the tip of his sword to Rarulo’s throat. 
For the first time Rarulo felt real fear. Rakar overtook him so easily and now Rarulo waited for Rakar to plunge his sword into Rarulo’s neck. To his surprise Rakar climbed off of him and kicked the sword over to Rarulo.
“Get up,” Rakar growled. 
Rarulo slowly got up and grabbed the heavy sword. 
“You are pathetic. You spout all sorts of shit to anyone who will listen and yet you don’t have the skill to back your words.” 
Rarulo charged at Rakar. “Damn you!” he screamed
Rakar just stood there.
Rarulo lifted the sword and was surprised again on how easily Rakar deflected his sword. Rakar didn’t even try and still he bested Rarulo again. The wind was knocked out of Rarulo as Rakar pinned him to the ground again. 
“Pathetic,” Rakar growled as he positioned the point of his sword to Rarulo’s neck. 
“Kill me already. That is what you want isn’t it.” Rarulo’s voice shook as he spoke. There was no way he was going to defeat Rakar. He was just too good of a warrior. Even if Rarulo possessed Rakar’s incredible strength there was no way he was going to match Rakar’s skill. 
“I don’t want to kill you, at least not yet. I want to torment you until I have completely broken your spirit. Death is too easy. I will show you that there are things far worse than death.” Rakar heard a large thump coming from the slave quarters. He stood up and dragged Rarulo up to his feet and over to the wall at the right side of the room. Rarulo’s eyes opened wide when he saw the metal restraints. Rakar wasted no time shackling Rarulo. He stepped back and looked at Rarulo hanging on the wall. 
Rakar enjoyed the tormented look on Rarulo’s face until he realized that Serin was the only slave left in the slave quarters. 
Rarulo saw the almost panic look on Rakar’s face then watched him bolt off to the slave quarters.
“Serin,” Rarulo whispered as his legs and arms started to ache.
Rakar quickly unlocked the door and hurried over to Serin who was lying on the floor. He rolled Serin over and was relieved when Serin looked up at him. 
“What happened?” 
“I tried to open the door.” 
“Why?” Rakar growled, angrier at himself for caring whether this slave was hurt or not. 
“I didn’t want you to hurt Rarulo,” Serin said quietly.
Rakar didn’t know why he pulled Serin into his arms and held him tightly to him. He pulled Serin’s hair forcing Serin’s head to tilt back. The next thing he knew he was kissing this slave and getting aroused, feeling Serin kissing him back. He forced himself to break this intimate embrace. He let Serin go and stood up. 
“You just want me to release your friend.” Rakar didn’t know what to think when he saw the confused look on Serin’s face. Without saying another word he left the slave quarters. He didn’t lock the door. His anger at himself grew as he stomped down the hall. He made up his mind that he was going to rape Serin. Put him through the same torment that he was putting Rarulo through. Maybe then this strange behavior would stop. Why in the hell did he care if that slave hurt himself and yet he rushed to him to make sure he wasn’t hurt.
“Ahh!!” Rakar growled loudly. Yes, he was going to brutalize Serin. He should have done that in the first place. He stopped at the end of the hallway. He was going to think of how he was to abuse Serin. He grew angrier when he couldn’t picture himself taking Serin so roughly. He felt a hand gently go through the bottom length of his hair. He turned around and saw Serin standing there looking at the ground. 
“What is it?” Rakar was surprised by this tender gesture from Serin.
“I will do whatever you want if you let Rarulo go.” Serin slowly looked up into Rakar’s crystal blue eyes. 
Rakar looked into Serin’s warm eyes for a moment. “Whatever I want huh, don’t you think I will take what I want anyways?” 
“I know…but…I will give myself to you willingly.” 
“Go back to the slave quarters.” 
Serin immediately obeyed. 
Images of Serin lying on Rakar’s bed naked, opening his arms inviting Rakar into his embrace flooded Rakar’s mind. 
Rakar shook the image from his mind. Perhaps it was better to rid himself of that tiresome Rarulo. Rakar walked over to the phone and called up Nuruc. When he finished talking with Nuruc he walked over to Rarulo. With one push of a button the restraints opened causing Rarulo to fall to the floor. 
Rarulo looked up at Rakar glaring down at him. Rarulo looked over to the door as the doorbell rang. 
“Come in!” Rakar shouted. 
Rarulo saw that big man with the long silver hair walk in. 
“Nuruc.” Rakar turned around and greeted his friend. 
“You owe me big time for this one. You know that don’t you. Male slaves aren’t really my thing.” 
“I appreciate all that you do for me, Nuruc.” 
Nuruc reached down and pulled Rarulo’s hair raising him up to his feet. 
“What is going on?” 
“Nuruc is your Master now, boy.” 
“No!  What about Serin? You can’t take me from him. Serin is too gentle to be left alone with you, you fucking monster.”  Rarulo’s head jerked violently to the side as Nuruc slapped him hard. 
“When I am finish with you, boy, you will learn to keep that mouth shut,” Nuruc growled. Nuruc grabbed Rarulo’s arm and started to drag him from the room. 
“Rarulo!” Serin rushed over to him.
“No,” Rakar said, grabbing Serin and pulling him into his arms. 
“Rarulo…where is that man taking him?” Serin looked up into Rakar’s eyes. 
“Nuruc is Rarulo’s Master now.” 
“Don’t worry Serin,” Rarulo said as Nuruc dragged him from the room and closed the door. 
“Why?” Serin asked. 
“You wanted me to stop hurting your friend didn’t you.” 
“But that man might be crueler than you.” 
“No, Nuruc is far gentler than I am.” 
Serin’s eyes opened wide. Nuruc seemed cruel enough to him. And yet Rakar openly admits he is crueler. Suddenly Serin was afraid.
“You needn’t look at me with fear in your eyes. As long as you do as you have promised I won’t hurt you.” 
Serin bowed his head. 
“Go rest for a while. I have some business to attend to. I will leave your door unlock, but if you try and escape I will be forced to lock the door every time I leave. If you go back on your word I will have Nuruc throw your friend out of the window. Just so that you know Nuruc lives on the fiftieth floor. And he will do it. I have seen him throw a slave out the window before, some male slave who didn’t polish Nuruc’s armor correctly.”
“I always keep my word,” Serin said quietly.
“That’s good to hear.” 
“Tell me do you know how to cook?” 
“Yes Sir.” 
“Good, then I expect you to prepare a meal for me before I return.” Rakar grabbed his sword and walked over to the door. He turned around just before he reached the door. “By the way don’t even waste your time trying to poison me. The Sidana people are born with a natural immunity to all poisons.” With that said Rakar left. 
Serin looked around his prison. He hoped he did the right thing by asking for Rakar to let Rarulo go. Serin went into the kitchen and started to prepare a meal for Rakar. 

***

Rakar was glad to be back at his home. The meeting with Maru went on longer than he expected. Maru was causing too much tension between the warriors. Rakar had to get his mind off things so he stopped off at the upscale slave house and fucked a man and woman slave until they begged him to stop. 
The smell of delicious food assaulted his senses as he entered his home. It had been awhile since someone cooked for him. He always managed to go through slaves at an alarming rate. He had a bad tendency of breaking his toys. He couldn’t even hire someone to cook for him. After Rakar had killed the last two hired cooks in a fit of rage, no one wanted to work for him.
Rakar walked into the kitchen and watched Serin getting the table set. He couldn’t take his eyes from Serin. “That smells good,” Rakar said, startling Serin. 
“I hope you like it.” Serin put the last of the food on the serving plate. 
Rakar sat down. “Join me.” 
Serin slowly sat down in the chair.
“Eat, you are too thin.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
They sat there in silence for a moment eating their meals. 
“Tell me Serin what was your purpose in your colony?” 
“I helped with the crops and in the winter I helped with teaching the children.” 
“I bet the children liked you.” 
“They seemed to.” 
“There was a serious lack of warriors in your colony.” 
“Until your people showed up there really was no need. We did have guards. They protected everyone from natural threats such as animal attacks, etc. The colonies on Nunos never attacked each other. There was no real reason to.” 
“So you are telling me there wasn’t anyone who caused trouble.” 
“Well naturally there was the few colonists who loved to cause trouble. And there was the occasional theft. That was another duty of our guards to find these people and deal with them accordingly.” 
“How would they deal with them?” 
“Murderers were executed immediately. Thieves were imprisoned until they paid back what they stole. Any man who raped a woman had to face her family or husband and what happened, happened.” 
“Murders…if your colony was so peaceful it seems there wouldn’t be murders.” 
“Murder was a very rare thing on Nunos.” 
“I find this hard to believe.” 
“People who traveled to the new colonies were trying to start over or get away from something. They wanted somewhere to raise their children where the horrors of the settled worlds couldn’t reach them. It was risky to live so far away from the other planets. But it was a risk they were willing to take. Several colonies were destroyed on the planets that turned out to be unsuited for human habitation. Of course there was no real way to know for sure if the new planets could support human life for an extended period of time. Nunos luckily was perfect for human habitation. Well…it was before…you…” Serin looked down at his plate. 
“I don’t take pride for attacking a colony such as yours, Serin. Your planet had no real resources and certainly no warriors to give me a challenge.” 
“Then why did you?” Serin looked at him. 
“Because, I was ordered to do it.” 
“Oh…” Serin looked back down at his plate. “Why did you destroy everything?”  Serin looked back up at Rakar. “Why take so many slaves? If you saw there wasn’t anything of real value, why didn’t you just leave?” 
Rakar wanted to slap Serin for asking such questions. After all Serin was just a slave. “We always take slaves and Maru demands we destroy everything.” 
“Why?” 
 That look of sadness and confusion in Serin’s eyes bothered Rakar. “I don’t know why. Perhaps Maru wants to make everyone fear us.”  Rakar did understand why Maru would want them to destroy their more powerful enemies, that would certainly spread fear of the Sidana warriors. He didn’t understand however the need to destroy the small colonies. There really wasn’t nothing gain from that.
“You shouldn’t question my people, Serin. You are just a slave.” 
“I am still human.” 
“I know,” Rakar whispered. 
“Are you finished?” Serin asked as he stood up and began cleaning off the table.
“Yes. You are a fine cook, Serin.” 
“My mother taught me.” 
“Your mother…is she dead?” 
“Yes, your people killed her.” Serin tried to contain his tears. His mother had to be dead. The Sidana wouldn’t see her as a suitable slave. 
“She may be a slave, Serin.” 
“Maybe, but I doubt it. She wasn’t a young woman, yet she wasn’t old either.” 
“Would you like me to find out for you?” 
Serin quickly turned to Rakar. “You would do that for me?” 
“I don’t see the harm in it.” 
“Thank you,” Serin said quietly.
Rakar stood up and walked over to him. He gently touched Serin’s shoulder. “You’re welcome. What is your Mother’s name?” 
“Rosele” 
Rakar allowed Serin to go to bed early. Rakar had much tedious paperwork to finish anyways. He called the processing center and inquired about Serin’s mother. After a few hours the phone rang. 
Rakar walked over and answered it.
“General Rakar, Sir… I am from the processing center,” a timid woman’s voice said.
“What did you find out?” 
“Rosele from the colony planet Nunos is slated to be sold to the Travelers when they return.” 
“When is that?” 
“Next week Sir.” 
“I request that she is to be sent to the maternity station. She might be useful to them.” 
“But Sir…” 
“This is a simple request.” 
“I will fill out the paperwork and send you a copy.” 
Rakar hung up the phone. Why in the world did he just do that? Why did he care if that woman was sold to the Travelers? Rakar walked over to the large picture window and looked out over the lights of the city. He knew the answer, it was for…Serin.

***

“You have been acting strange, Rakar,” Nuruc said. 
“How so?” Rakar motioned for the waitress to bring him another drink.
“First you are protective of that new pretty male slave, and now I heard rumors of you saving a female slave from that same planet from being sold to the Travelers. Not to mention you gave me the slave you took so much enjoyment in torturing. Don’t tell me you are becoming compassionate in your old age.” 
“Of course not, a warrior can’t be compassionate.” 
“I am glad you still think so. You know what happens to a warrior if he dares lower himself to fall in love with his slave.” 
“Of course I do. I would never lower myself to love some lowly slave.” 
“The very thought of that is gross,” Nuruc said as he slugged down his drink. “A slave is so beneath a Sidana, especially a General. Hell we can have our pick of any Sidana female or male for that matter.  A slave isn’t even considered human in the eyes of our law.” 
“You needn’t worry about me falling in love with some worthless slave.” 
“Yeah, you’re right. You don’t even love your Sidana lovers.” Nuruc chuckled.

***

Serin busied himself with cleaning up Rakar’s large residence. He hurried to the door when the doorbell rang. 
“This is for General Rakar, boy, make sure he gets it.” The courier looked at Serin as if he was some filthy animal. 
“I will.” 
Serin closed the door and went to set the paper down on the table. The name Rosele from the colony planet Nunos caught Serin’s eyes. Since the colonists originated from long established planets the written word was very similar on all planets in this sector.  Serin carefully opened the seal making sure that he could easily reseal the letter. As per your request General Rakar, the slave known as Rosele has been taken off the invoice for the Travelers purchase and has been placed in the maternity ward in the beta sector of the main city.
Serin couldn’t believe what he was reading. He stood there looking at the paper for what seemed like hours. 
“I see you know I found your mother,” Rakar said as he stood behind Serin.
“Sir…I am sorry.” Serin turned around and handed Rakar the paper.
“No big deal, but next time don’t read my messages.” Rakar gently took the paper from Serin’s hand. 
Serin wrapped his arms around Rakar’s waist tightly. “Thank you Sir, thank you so very much.” 
“You are welcome, Serin. Don’t expect me to do this again.” He felt Serin’s arms wrap around tighter and Serin nuzzling his cheek against Rakar’s chest. 
Rakar enjoyed the feeling of Serin’s body pressed so close to his. He brought up his hand and gently stroked Serin’s dark hair. This kind of moment was foreign to him. He took other people’s bodies, but never did he just hold someone like this. 
Rakar looked down into Serin’s face as Serin looked up at him. That look in Serin’s eyes…so warm…so erotic…Rakar tilted his head down and captured Serin’s lips. Serin’s lips were soft and he willingly gave himself over to Rakar. Rakar could feel the difference. Rakar pulled Serin closer as he deepened the kiss. He wrapped his arms tightly around Serin wanting to feel Serin as close to him as possible. 
Rakar slowly walked forward still holding their passionate embrace. Serin let him lead the way, his body melting into Rakar’s. When they reached the large sofa Rakar scooped Serin in his arms then gently laid him down on the sofa. He looked at Serin lying there, that look on his face, oh that fucking look threatened to make Rakar lose control. Rakar slowly removed his shirt.
“Take off your clothes,” Rakar said softly. His eyes couldn’t leave Serin as he watched Serin remove his clothing. Serin’s body was trim and virtually hairless like a woman’s body would be. Rakar’s eyes drifted down to Serin’s cock. Serin wasn’t as well-endowed as Rakar was—Rakar was pleased by this fact. 
“Lay back down,” Rakar said as he removed the rest of his clothes. He gazed at Serin lying there naked. He could see the apprehension in Serin’s eyes, but it wasn’t because he feared Rakar it was just the fear of the unknown. Serin was untouched, Rakar understood his fear. 
“Wait there,” Rakar said. He went to the kitchen and grabbed some cooking oil. It was the only kind of lube he could think to use. Normally his lovers would bring their own lube and Rakar rarely bothered to make things comfortable for his slaves. 
“What’s that for?” Serin sat up quickly.
“To ease the pain.” Rakar gently laid Serin back down. He climbed onto the sofa and laid his large body on top of Serin’s smaller one. He gazed into Serin’s eyes for a moment and what he saw in Serin’s eyes touched him. The warmth, the sweet warmth of those eyes was so intense.
“I don’t know what to do,” Serin softly said. 
“Don’t worry I will teach you.” Rakar captured Serin’s lips wanting to taste the sweetness of them. His hands caressed every inch of Serin’s flesh that he could reach. He slowly reached under him and gently opened Serin’s legs. Rakar reached over for the oil. He applied a liberal amount to his cock as well to Serin’s ass. 
“That’s cold,” Serin whispered. 
Rakar smiled down at him then placed the oil on the floor. He grabbed the head of his cock and positioned it right at the opening of Serin’s ass. 
“This will hurt a little.” Rakar waited as Serin stroked Rakar’s chest with one hand and played with a strand of Rakar’s long blond hair. He saw Serin wince as he slowly entered Serin’s ass. 
“Relax,” Rakar said. He took his time allowing Serin to get adjusted to the size of Rakar’s cock. Rakar kissed and stroked Serin trying to take Serin’s mind off of the temporary pain. When Rakar finally buried his cock to the hilt into Serin he arched up. Slowly he started to thrust. He loved the feeling of being deep inside Serin and the way Serin caressed him with his hands. He looked down into Serin’s face when Serin let out a soft moan. Rakar began thrusting a little faster. He lowered his upper body so he could capture Serin’s lips again. He felt Serin beginning to rock his hips in time to Rakar’s thrust. He felt Serin’s soft moan vibrate in his mouth. 
“Yesss…” Rakar hissed as he arched his upper body. He reached under him and grabbed Serin’s cock. He stroked Serin’s cock in the same rhythm he thrust his cock deeply into Serin. He watched the pleasure on Serin’s face. He had the joy of witnessing Serin’s first time. He couldn’t look away as Serin cried out his orgasm.  Rakar released Serin’s cock and started to thrust harder and faster. He leaned down and kissed Serin again. He could feel his orgasm start to build. He deepened their kiss.
Serin grabbed handfuls of Rakar’s hair as he held their kiss. Serin’s body felt wonderful and he took much delight in feeling Rakar’s body moving on top of him. It was painful at first to take Rakar’s cock inside of him and it still was a bit uncomfortable, but Serin didn’t care. Rakar’s hand felt wonderful on his cock when he brought Serin to orgasm. Serin’s body shuddered when Rakar moaned as they kissed. He felt Rakar’s body moving faster and faster, felt his cock go deeper and deeper with each thrust. 
“AHHH!!!” Rakar cried out.
Serin watched as Rakar arched up, his beautiful long blond hair flipping up like a curtain of silk before it settled, draping over Rakar’s shoulder. Serin felt strange, but a wonderful kind of strange as he gazed upon Rakar’s face as it was twisted in pleasure. He felt Rakar drive his cock a few more times into Serin as he came deep inside of him. Serin welcomed the heaviness of Rakar’s body as Rakar collapsed down onto him. He wrapped his arms around Rakar and slowly caressed Rakar’s back as Rakar’s breathing calmed down. 
They lay like that for a few moments then Rakar slowly started to get up.
“No, please lay with me for a few more moments,” Serin said. 
Rakar was unable to deny Serin’s request and laid back down on Serin. He felt Serin’s arms go around him again and the gentle caress of Serin’s hand on his back. He closed his eyes and enjoyed this tender moment. 
“It is forbidden for a Sidana citizen, be it he or she is a warrior or not, to fall in love with a slave. Use their body for your pleasure, but never give them your heart. A slave is beneath us, no better than a common animal and is unworthy of a Sidana citizen’s love. Any citizen caught treating their slave like a lover will be executed for breaking one of our sacred laws. I will not allow my people to have an animal as a lover.” 
Maru’s words echoed in Rakar’s mind. He quickly climbed off of Serin and stood up. 
“What’s wrong?” Serin slowly sat up.
“Go back to your quarters.” 
Serin stood up and placed his hand on Rakar’s chest. “What did I do wrong?”
Rakar looked down at Serin. “You have done nothing. I just need to think right now.” 
Serin reached down and gathered his clothes. He hurried to his quarters. 
Rakar’s fear intensified the more he thought of what just happened. This is what that funny feeling was…”Damn it,” Rakar cursed at himself.  He was in love with Serin. This was forbidden by his people. 
Rakar headed to the shower. He climbed in and let the warm water wash over him. Rakar had never been in love before. He wouldn’t allow himself to be. His career was the most important thing in his life. Now that he was a grand General there was no higher wrung on his career ladder. He cursed himself over and over for allowing himself to develop feelings for Serin. What was worse that look in Serin’s eyes told Rakar that Serin was falling in love with him as well. This can’t be, it is forbidden and punishable by death. Rakar had already started to raise a few eyebrows by his order that no one was to hurt Serin. Was his love for Serin going to show in his eyes the way Serin’s love for him did? No, Rakar never showed emotion. Serin was an open book. Those eyes of his…Rakar punched the shower wall. He finished cleaning up then put on a robe.
He walked into the living room and grabbed the phone. He talked with Maru for a few moments, seeing if there was another mission Maru wanted him to do. Rakar slammed down the phone after he talked with his leader. Maru had ordered him to take it easy for a month or so. This is not what Rakar wanted to hear. He turned around. He could feel Serin’s presence in the room. 
“I am frightened and angry at myself,” Serin said as he stood there in the middle of the room. 
“What do you mean?” 
“You will think I am weak or worse.” 
“What is it?” 
Serin looked at the floor unable to look at Rakar. “I should hate you. I should be repulsed by your touch…but…” Serin stood there quietly for a moment. “I feel as if I am betraying my people because of the way I feel right now.” Serin slowly looked up at Rakar. “I want you to touch me like we just did. Since we arrived here I find myself thinking about you all the time. I find myself stealing glances at you…I think…I…love you.” Serin couldn’t bear to hear what Rakar was going to say so he hurried back to his quarters. 
He looked up at the door when it burst opened. 
“Listen to me. You shouldn’t say such things,” Rakar said as he stood in the doorway.
“I know I shouldn’t.” 
Rakar slowly walked over to Serin then quickly took him into his arms. “It is against the law for a Sidana to fall in love with their slave. So you mustn’t say words of love to me.”
“I understand.” 
“Serin.” Rakar gazed into Serin’s eyes. “I have feelings for you as well, but we can’t act upon these feelings. I don’t see you as weak or I will have to look upon myself the same way.” 
Serin started to cry, he couldn’t stop himself. He shouldn’t love his captor, the man who destroyed his village, enslaved his people, but he couldn’t make his heart listen. What kind of person did this make Serin? 
“I understand your confusion, Serin.” Rakar held him tighter. “For I feel the same confusion, I shouldn’t love a slave. I have been taught that all slaves are beneath me. I have never loved anyone before. I heard my friends talk about love and I always thought it was just a silly and worthless emotion. Now I know what they were talking about. Now for the first time in my life I don’t know what to do.” 
“Neither do I.” Serin held Rakar tighter. 

***

Serin sat on the backseat of Rakar’s car. Rakar had attached a collar to Serin’s neck. Serin had no idea where they were going. Rakar and Serin talked all night, mostly about Serin though. However, Rakar didn’t say a word to him this morning after they made love again. 
Serin gazed up at the large building as they approached. He had no idea what this building was used for. He saw a woman and two men hurry over to the car. 
“General Rakar,” they said in unison. 
Rakar only nodded his head then he opened the back door and hooked a leash to Serin’s collar. “Come on,” he said softly to Serin. 
“I am honored to have you here,” a middle-aged woman said as she also hurried to the car. “Your bloodline is such a pure one.” 
“Can we get on with it,” Rakar said as he led Serin toward the building. 
“I assume you will want to sire a son,” the woman said. 
“Of course.” 
Serin followed behind Rakar. He didn’t like the fact that he was being led around by a leash. He didn’t protest though, after all Rakar was his owner. Once inside he gazed around the lobby. What was this place?
“Please wait here,” the woman said. 
Serin waited for her to be out of hearing distance. “Rakar, what is this place?” 
“This is the maternity building.” 
“Maternity…my mother…” 
Rakar turned around and looked down at Serin. He smiled seeing that excited look on Serin’s face. “Maru has been bugging me for years to sire a child. I figure now would be a good time.” 
“Rakar…” Serin didn’t know what to say. He quickly looked to the ground when the woman returned. 
“I wish for my slave to walk freely around while I mate with the female of my choosing.” 
“Of course General Rakar.” 
Rakar unhooked the leash. “Third floor,” he whispered to Serin before he followed the woman to the mating rooms. 
Serin stood there for a moment. He didn’t know what to feel. Rakar planned this so Serin could see his mother. 
“My father left me and my mother after my older brother died. My brother was accidentally shot as he and four other hunters went out to catch some prey. My older brother’s name was Mazen. He was so different than me. He was brave and very strong, just like my father had been.  After he died my father stopped caring about anything and when the trading ships came at the end of the month he left with them. No goodbyes or anything he just up and left. I was only twelve. My mother was so strong and she kept her pain to herself. She always told me there was nothing wrong with me, not all men were supposed to be strong. That my gentle nature was my gift, the way I could bring warmth to those around me and soothed them was something to be proud of. Of course, I thought she was only trying to make me feel better. She was always there for me.”  Serin told Rakar this last night as they stayed up talking. 
Serin headed up to the third floor. The thought that Rakar listened to him, really listened to him, touched Serin beyond words to describe. Serin’s heart pounded in his chest when he spotted his mother putting a Sidana child into his or her bassinet. 
“Mother,” he could barely speak. 
“Serin?” Tears filled her eyes as she hurried down the hallway to him. 
“Mother.” He held her tightly in his arms, so relieved that she was alive and well. “Are they treating you with kindness?” he asked as he held her tighter. 
“Yes, a General Rakar ordered them to. What’s funny I don’t even know a General Rakar.” 
“He did…” 
Rosele stepped back and looked at her son. Serin looked like her. “Do you know this General Rakar?” 
“Yes…” Serin couldn’t look at her. 
“What’s going on Serin?” 
“I can’t tell you.” 
Rosele turned toward a Sidana female. “Is it okay for me to talk with this slave in private?” 
The woman walked over to them.
“Who is your owner, boy?” she asked. 
“General Rakar,” Serin said quietly.
“You may speak with him in the storage room, but only for a few moments.” 
“Thank you, Miss.” Rosele gently grabbed Serin’s arm and led him to the storage room. “General Rakar owns you?” 
“Yes…” 
“There is more isn’t there.” 
Serin sat down on one of the wood crates. He kept his eyes to the ground. “He is the one who led the attack on our planet.” 
“Then I don’t understand why he would spare me from the Travelers and command these people here to be kind to me.” 
Serin looked up at her. He didn’t know how to say this. How could he tell his mother that he was in love with the man that destroyed their lives.
“What is it Serin?” 
“Mother…” 
“Did he harm you?” She came down to her knees before him and placed her hands on his thigh. 
“I love him, Mother.” 
“What?!” She stood up and stepped back from him. “He murdered several of our people, he destroyed our planet, our lives.” 
“I know Mother and at first I despised him for it.” 
“Don’t you tell me that you love that monster again. I don’t want to hear it.” 
“Mother.” Serin stood up and slowly walked to her. 
“This is why he feigns mercy to me, because I am your mother. Don’t tell me that monster loves you too.” 
“He does.” 
“Serin how could you love that man. How?!” 
“I don’t know it just happened.” 
“I rather you be dead than in the arms of that man. His hands are stained with our people’s blood.” 
“Mother,” Serin’s voice shook. 
“What you are doing is wrong, Serin.” 
“How can love be wrong?” 
“They look upon us like animals. Your lover destroyed our people. Your love for him is wrong, his love for you is wrong.” 
“How can you say that, you of all people. Father was a warrior from a violent planet, not so very different from the Sidanas.” 
“His planet was destroyed by the Sidana!” Her voice a bit louder than she intended. 
They both sat in silence for a while. Both lost in their thoughts. 
“They are in there, General Rakar.” 
Serin quickly stood up when the door opened. 
“We must leave Serin.” 
“You monster!!” Rosele flew at Rakar. He easily stopped her.
“Mother!” Serin pulled her away from him. “He saved your life.” 
“He destroyed our planet.” She turned to Serin. 
Rakar closed the door and stood in front of it as he saw the anger in her eyes and the pain in Serin’s. 
“If you choose to be with this man I don’t ever want to see you again.” 
“Mother…” 
“Let’s go Serin,” Rakar said. 
“I mean it Serin.” 
“Goodbye mother, I’m so glad you are safe and well treated.” Serin walked over to Rakar.
“Serin,” Rakar whispered as he gently stroked Serin’s hair. Rakar glared at Rosele.  Rakar had never known his mother. He was taken from her when he was an infant. His father was a grand General and therefore his son was going to be trained as a warrior. 
Rakar opened the door and led Serin out of the room. He attached the leash and both of them left the maternity building. Rakar climbed into the car and looked at Serin through his rearview mirror. Serin was crying which broke Rakar’s heart. “I am sorry Serin. I should have never brought you here.” 
“Don’t say that. It was a kind gesture that you wanted me to see my mother and let her know that I was alright.” 
Rakar drove home. He attached the leash to Serin as he led them to his residence. Once inside Rakar remove the leash and took Serin into his arms. 
“I told her that I loved you and she looked upon me like I was scum.” 
“You should have never told her that, Serin.” 
“I thought she would understand.” 
“That her son loves the man who destroyed her planet. Serin…” Rakar held him tighter. 
“If my own mother doesn’t understand no one will, not even my friends.” 
“Do you regret your love for me?” 
“No…” Serin looked up into Rakar’s eyes. “Never.” Rakar’s smile lightened Serin’s heart. 
“I will protect you, Serin, no one would dare hurt you.” 
“Please leave my mother where she is. She is well treated there.” 
“I will.” Rakar had all intentions of having Serin’s mother sold to the Travelers for the pain she had brought Serin. But now there was no way he could. Rakar looked into Serin’s warm eyes. Serin had chosen him over his own mother. He did so without hesitation. This to Rakar was a grand gesture of love on Serin’s part. The lingering doubt that perhaps Serin was feigning love to earn Rakar’s favor had evaporated from Rakar’s mind. There was no doubt now that Serin did in fact love him.  He stroked Serin’s cheeks as he continued to look deeply into Serin’s eyes. Serin brought him peace and warmth—he did from the moment Rakar gazed into his beautiful eyes. Serin’s compassionate nature was the perfect counterbalance to Rakar’s lack of compassion. Rakar would have never spared the lives of slaves before. He did everything to bring a smile to Serin’s face. To see Serin’s smile Rakar would take on the whole Sidana army.
“You have done so much for me,” Serin said as he gazed into Rakar’s crystal blue eyes. “Yet, I have done nothing but bring you suspicious stares from your people. If me being with you is going to…” 
“Shh,” Rakar gently placed his finger over Serin’s lips. “You bring me peace Serin. After a lifetime of war, death and destruction, you have given me the gift of warmth, peace and love. Let my people stare it matters little to me.” 
“I don’t want you to get hurt because of me.” 
“Don’t concern yourself with that.” Rakar lowered his lips down to Serin’s and kissed him gently while he held Serin tightly in his arms.

***

Nuruc waited for Senatu, Cybin, and Kydas in their favorite restaurant. Rakar was acting strangely. Over these last few weeks Rakar rarely left his residence. Rumors were starting to go around that Rakar was in love with his pretty male slave.  Even stranger Rakar asked Nuruc to sell Rarulo to one of the colony planets. This in itself wasn’t too strange since slaves fetch quite a high price from these Sidana colony planets. It was the fact that Rakar was showing mercy to Rarulo, the same slave Rakar wanted Nuruc to torment just a few weeks earlier. Plus the fact that Rarulo and Serin were from the same planet didn’t help matters.  Nuruc had to do something before these rumors about Rakar reached Maru.
All four men discussed Rakar’s situation. None of them wanted to see Rakar hurt over some stupid slave.
“How do we know Rakar is in love with that pretty slave? Rumors fly around all the time,” Cybin asked. 
“We don’t know until we ask Rakar. I don’t want to chance insulting Rakar if the rumors aren’t true. You know what he will do to me or any of us for that matter,” Kydas added.
“Kick our asses or worse. Rakar has one bad temper,” Cybin said.
“Still, we have to find out one way or another. I can’t see Rakar falling in love with some lowly slave,” Senatu said. 
“I will ask him. I am the only one of us who can match Rakar’s strength,” Nuruc said.  “If Maru hears this rumor he will have Rakar investigated. I won’t see my friend put through that. Rakar is a grand General, damn it. If I have to I will kill that fucking slave and stop these rumors.” 
“But if the rumors are true and you kill Rakar’s lover he will kill you. I know if someone was to harm Tereal I wouldn’t hesitate to kill them,” Cybin said
“I understand as well, if someone hurt my Sindala I would make them suffer before I killed them,” Senatu added. 
“It matters not to me. I will find out what’s going on with Rakar. Maybe we are making a big deal out of nothing. Rakar may just enjoy fucking his new slave. Perhaps that pretty little slave is very talented. You know Rakar when he enjoys something he tends to over do it. That’s how he breaks so many of his slaves,” Nuruc said.
“Maybe you’re right. You remember that male slave Rakar had obtained last year. I believed he literally fucked that slave to death,” Cybin said.
“Yet, he has never treated any of his slaves with kindness. But with this one he has gone out of his way to ensure that slave’s safety. This is not the Rakar I know,” Kydas said.
“Maybe he is growing soft in his old age?” Cybin added. 
“Kydas has a valid point. Rakar has never shown kindness to anyone, hell he is even a bit chilly with us from time to time. I am going over there this afternoon and getting to the bottom of this. I will not see my friend executed because of some slave,” Nuruc said. “I will let you guys know what I find out.” 

***

Rakar lifted Serin up still keeping his cock buried deeply in Serin’s ass. He leaned Serin up against a wall then drove his cock over and over into him. 
Serin wrapped his arms around Rakar tightly. He could feel the sweat of Rakar’s body mingling with his own sweat. Rakar had brought Serin to several orgasms this morning while delaying his own.  Serin’s body shuddered hearing Rakar’s moans. His own body started its slow rise to another amazing orgasm. 
“I want to hear you come again,” Rakar growled as he drove his cock deeper and faster into Serin. Rakar growled louder when he felt Serin’s cum on his body. Rakar slowly came down to his knees still keeping his cock buried in Serin. He lay down so now Serin was on top. “Ride me to orgasm.” 
Serin watched Rakar’s face as he bounced up and down on Rakar’s cock. Serin was mesmerized looking at the pleasure etched on Rakar’s handsome face. Serin intensified his efforts when Rakar started to arch his back up.
“AHHHH, OOOMMM!” Rakar yelled out.
Serin’s body quivered as he watched Rakar have an orgasm. Damn Rakar looked so good like this. Serin wished he could always bring such pleasure to him. 
“Damn that was good,” Rakar said as he caressed Serin’s hips. 
“Yes,” Serin’s voice shook. 
Rakar grabbed a hold of Serin and rolled him over so now Rakar was on top. “We are going to take a shower then I am going to fuck you again.” Rakar smiled. 

***

Nuruc pushed the elevator attendant aside then charged at Rakar’s door. If he found out Rakar was in love with that lowly slave…Nuruc couldn’t even picture that. Rakar wouldn’t lower himself to love a slave. Nuruc didn’t bothered knocking and just opened the door. He heard Rakar moaning with pleasure. He walked straight into the living room and stopped. Rakar had his hands tangled in Serin’s hair as Serin sucked Rakar’s cock. 
“Take more, ah…yes…just like that,” Rakar moaned. Rakar leaned back onto the sofa. His eyes were closed. His face told how much pleasure Serin’s mouth was bringing him. Rakar tightened his grip on Serin’s head and began thrusting his cock upwards. He was so close, so damn close to orgasm. 
When Serin looked up at Rakar that is when he spotted Nuruc. He slowed his sucking down, not sure if he should stop or not.
“Don’t you dare stop now!” Rakar growled. He latched onto Serin’s head tighter and started thrusting faster. “Yesss,” Rakar hissed. He moved Serin’s head up and down on his cock, faster and faster. “Like that, mmm, like that.”  His orgasm started to build. “Don’t stop, don’t fucking stop.”  Rakar arched back as his orgasm started to reach its peak. “Yes, yes…oh yes!!!” his voice boomed. 
Once Serin had drained Rakar’s cock dry he let Rakar’s cock pop from his mouth then he sat back on his heels. “Did I please you Sir?” 
Rakar sat up and looked over at Serin kneeling there. He was puzzled by Serin’s behavior. Serin only acted like Rakar’s slave in front of other people. Rakar quickly looked behind him and saw Nuruc standing there. 
“What are you doing here? Did Maru order us to leave out again?” 
“No, I wanted to talk to you about something.” The scene before him looked artificial. There was no fear in Serin’s eyes like there used to be when that lowly slave first arrived. Not to mention the fact that Rakar seemed puzzled by his slave’s behavior. 
“Why do you look at me like that?” Rakar said as he put on his robe.
“Send your slave away. I must talk to you about something important.” 
“Go to your chamber.” 
“Yes Sir.” Serin hurried off. 
Rakar walked over to the metal cabinet and poured himself a drink. “Would you like something to drink?” 
“No thank you.” Nuruc sat down in one of the chairs that faced the fireplace. “Sit down Rakar.” 
Rakar sat in the other chair and sipped his whiskey.
“Have you heard the rumors about you and that slave of yours?” 
“Some of them, why?” 
“You know if Maru hears these rumors he will investigate you.” 
“I know, it is of little consequence to me.” 
“It should be.” 
“When have I ever taken rumors seriously, Nuruc.” 
“That is not the point. Tell me Rakar are these rumors true?” 
“What do you think?” 
“Before I came in here I thought there was no way you would lower yourself to love a slave, but now seeing you with that…slave, I don’t know.” 
“What I do in my home is my business. Why should anyone else care?” 
“You do love that slave, don’t you?” 
“It is my business, Nuruc, it doesn’t concern you.” 
“The hell it doesn’t. You are a grand General of the Sidana, a damn good one too. You have earned the respect of our people. I will not sit idly by and watch you die because of that slave.” 
“Who says I am going to die. Maru will think little of these rumors.” 
“You don’t know that.” 
“I don’t care.” 
“What is wrong with you?” Nuruc stood up and began pacing around, clearly agitated. “Send that slave away, Rakar. Send him to one of the colonies. There are several who do just research, they will treat him well.” 
“No!” Rakar stood up.
“Rakar you must distance yourself from that slave. If you don’t I will be forced to kill that lowly slave. I won’t watch my friend be sent to the platform!!” 
“You harm Serin and I will hunt you down,” Rakar growled. He threw his glass into the fire.
“You do love that slave.” Nuruc looked at Rakar with disgust. “How could you lower yourself to love basically an animal?” 
“Serin is not an animal. What does it matter what I do as long as I serve Maru and our people.” 
“There are so many beautiful young Sidana men. I am sure I can find one that looks like that slave.” 
“I don’t want anyone else!” 
“Then you will die on the platform. Maru would never allow you to break one of his laws. Please Rakar, I don’t want to see you die. We have been friends forever. We trained together, fought together—we even climbed the ranks together. Don’t throw everything you have worked so hard away just to love some slave.” 
“Your concern touches me, Nuruc. I have no intention of letting Maru find out about my personal life. I have won him many battles, loyally served him for more years than I can remember.” 
“He will hear the rumors.” 
“There is no guarantee he will do anything about it.” 
“There is no guarantee he won’t. Is your love for that slave worth the risk?” 
“Yes,” Rakar said without hesitation. 
Serin leaned his head against the wall in his chamber. He heard everything those two were saying. Would Rakar really die for loving him? Rakar was willing to risk everything to be with him. Serin pulled his knees to his chest and hugged them tightly to him. He couldn’t allow Rakar to die. Serin jerked when he heard the front door slam. Nuruc slammed the door so hard it rattled everything in the apartment. 
Serin looked at the door of his chamber when it slowly opened up. 
“You can come out now,” Rakar said. He was shocked when Serin ran over to him and held him tightly.
“I don’t want you to die for loving me. Send me away. Send me to that colony your friend spoke of.” 
“You don’t need to worry about that.” Rakar stroked Serin’s hair. 
Serin looked at him with tears in his eyes. “Please send me away. I couldn’t bear to know I was the cause of your death.” 
“If I send you away Serin I would already be dead in the inside. I would rather spend time with you, even if that time is short, then to be away from you.” 
“But you will die!” Serin started to really cry. If Maru was crueler than Rakar use to be, he would indeed investigate any rumors about one of his Generals. Serin had no doubt Maru would have Rakar executed for breaking one of his laws. He suspected Rakar already knew this.
 “Let’s go away together then,” Serin said.
“I can’t leave this planet unless Maru has ordered me to go somewhere else.” 
“He doesn’t have to know you left.” 
“He would find out.” 
“So…it won’t matter by time he does find out we will be long gone.” 
“Where could I go that someone won’t recognize me? Maru has spread fear throughout this entire galaxy. He had his Generals spread this fear of the Sidana. People from all planets in this galaxy know who I am.” 
“Then we could go to another galaxy.” 
“Serin…” Rakar gently caressed Serin’s cheek. “Maru would hunt me down. He wouldn’t stop until he brought back my head.” He pulled Serin into his arms. “I don’t want you to worry about this. When the time comes if it comes you will be safe.” 
“What do you mean by that?” 
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore.” Rakar lifted Serin up into his arms and carried him to his chamber. He laid Serin gently on the bed then climbed on the bed himself. He pulled Serin into his arms. He lay there holding Serin to him for an hour. He heard Serin’s soft breathing, telling him that Serin had finally fallen asleep. 
Rakar looked down at Serin still cradled in his arms. If Maru wanted Rakar dead for breaking the law by loving a slave then so be it. Rakar didn’t care, not anymore. These precious moments spent with Serin were well worth it. For the first time in his life Rakar felt human, felt loved. This feeling was worth any price to him. 
He would have to start planning on how to get Serin away from Sidana in the event Maru did order Rakar’s execution. He would not have Serin die along side of him. Serin was too precious to him. Rakar had already sent Rarulo and soon that other friend of Serin’s to one of the colonies. Those two will be treated with kindness on this colony planet. He would arrange for Serin to be sent there as well. Of course he would have to come up with a way to sneak Serin to this planet. Maru would surely kill Serin and would go anywhere to find him. Rakar was an extremely wealthy man. He was sure his vast fortune could buy Serin’s freedom. He smiled and snuggled closer to Serin. His mind at ease knowing Serin would live on if Rakar was to die. 

***

“Keher!” Serin yelled, running into the living room. Rakar had just woken Serin up to tell him he had a surprise for him. 
“Serin!” Keher took Serin into his arms. 
Rakar watched Serin and Keher. Serin looked so happy, this made Rakar smile. He watched for a few more moments then went to his chamber to give them a little privacy. Rakar had arranged for Keher to come here before he was transported to the colony planet. Serin needed to know his friends were on that planet. This would make him more willing to go if Maru ordered Rakar’s execution. 
“It’s so good to see that you are being treated well,” Keher said as he stepped back and looked at Serin. 
“You look like you were treated well too.” Serin let his eyes wander over his large friend. “How did you find me?” 
“General Rakar asked my new owners to let me see you before I left for the Sidana colony planet.” 
“He did…what colony planet?” 
“Some Sidana scientists are going to have a settlement there and they need some trustworthy slaves to help them out. I was told by other slaves that I use to work with that I was lucky. The scientist will treat me well, so well in fact that I will forget I was a slave.” 
“That is so good to hear.” 
Serin and Keher talked for hours. Serin was saddened to see his friend go, but at the same time he was happy that Keher was going somewhere he would be treated well. Keher also told him that Rarulo was going to this same planet.  Of course Keher would have loved for all of them to go home. However he was a realist and knew that their home didn’t exist anymore. 
“You sent Rarulo to that same planet didn’t you?” Serin said, knowing Rakar was behind him. 
“Yes.” 
“Why?” 
“To make you happy.” 
Serin closed the door then turned around. “I can’t thank you enough for saving my friends.”
“What would you like for dinner?” Rakar asked.
Serin smiled coyly.
“What is that smile for?” Rakar moved Serin’s hair from his eyes.
“I want to have finger foods and plenty of sauce for dinner. I want to feed you then lick any sauce that drips on your skin,” Serin shyly said. 
“Mmmm,” Rakar purred as he walked over to the phone to order some finger food. 

***

Maru had sent all of his advisors out of the room. He had to think about what to do. He looked down at the shivering woman who was chained to the base of his throne. 
Maru squatted down then grabbed her face roughly. “Tell me slave could you love me?” 
“What…Sir?” her voice was barely audible.
“It seems my best General is accused of loving his slave. That same slave loves him too. I want to know if you could love me?” 
The woman looked into Maru’s piercing black eyes. She was too frightened to speak. Maru was an enormous man. His black hair and eyes matched his cold heart in her opinion. He would be an extremely handsome man if he had even the smallest measure of warmth to him. 
“Answer me,” his deep voice thundered. 
 Of course she couldn’t love a man who was as cold as he was inside. But she dare not tell him, she feared what he might do to her.
“See, you couldn’t love your owner. I suspect you despise me.” Maru laughed then stood up. 
“Damn it Rakar,” Maru growled.  Maru had killed the messenger who brought him such grave news a week ago. His anger boiled deeply inside him, everyone stayed away from him. Today, his advisors shook in fear waiting for him to take his anger out on them too. This is why Maru dismissed them. He would have killed every one of them to sate his anger. Were these rumors true?  Maru paced around his chamber. He had sent several spies to find out if these rumors were true. Maru quickly turned around when he heard the rapping on his door. 
“Enter!” he bellowed. 
“Great Maru,” the weedy looking man said as he hurried into the room and knelt down in front of Maru.
“Well.” 
“Sir…it appears those rumors about General Rakar are true.” The man handed Maru the file of what he and his assistants had gathered up on Rakar.
Maru looked through the pictures and notes. He pulled his sword from its scabbard, which was strapped to his back. With one quick swipe he beheaded the spy.  He rushed over to his throne and ran his sword through the female slave. 
“Damn it!!” he roared. He couldn’t allow Rakar to break a law. He couldn’t, especially not Rakar. The soldiers he led had great respect for Rakar and if he was allowed to break a law they would feel that they could too. Maru had to keep control of his warriors. They were such volatile men, each one of them despised weakness. Maru allowing Rakar to live after breaking a law would show that Maru was weak. He ruled his men with a merciless hand. 
Maru summoned slave after slave into his chamber. He killed them all until he finally calmed down. He then summoned four of his personal guards. 
“Sir,” they said in unison. 
“I want you to wait two days before you bring me General Rakar. I don’t want him to know that I know he broke one of my laws. Bring him to me in chains, but first make sure you kill that miserable slave of his. Do it right in front of Rakar.” 
“Yes Sir.” The guards hurried from the room. 
“What a waste of a brilliant General.” Maru sat down on his throne. “Who is skilled enough to take Rakar’s place?” Maru’s anger started to build again. His best General had to die because of some lowly slave.  Maru stood up and walked over to the wall that held his favorite weapons. He took down a battle-ax and gripped it tightly in his hands. “Send in more slaves!” he yelled. He was going to kill every last one of his slaves today. If he had his way he would kill all the slaves on Sidana. It was a slave’s fault that his most capable and admired General was going to die.

***

Nuruc had told Rakar that Maru had ordered his execution. Out of respect for Rakar one of Maru’s guards told Nuruc. 
“Run Rakar,” Nuruc said. 
“You know I can’t.” Rakar knew in his heart that this day was coming. Maru showed no mercy to anyone, not even his Generals. Yet, Rakar was not bitter or afraid knowing he was going to die. Serin brought him peace, made him feel love for the first time. It was worth dying to have loved Serin. 
“Rakar…” Nuruc walked over to Rakar and took his friend into his arms. He held Rakar for a moment then quickly left. 
Rakar had only two days to ensure Serin’s safety, that’s if Maru didn’t grow impatient.  He quickly went to the docks where the shipment of slaves was being prepared to be sent to the colony planet. This was the same planet that Serin’s friends had been transported to.  Rakar gave the captain of the ship a large sum of money, everything Rakar had saved. There was no time to sell his assets. This would have only raised Maru’s suspicions anyways.
“This is a lot of money,” the captain said, looking at the figure written down on the piece of paper. “How will I know I will see this money?” 
“You have my word. Once you agree and I am certain you will follow my wishes, I will have the money transferred over to you.” 
“It is dangerous to transport a slave not listed on the invoice. I could go to jail for that or worse if Maru is in a particularly bad mood.”  The captain looked at the paper again. He could retire with so much money. He wouldn’t need to take jobs from the Sidana people again. 
“Well, do we have a deal?” 
“Yes, once I see the money in my account I will make sure your slave gets to that planet without being on the invoice.” 
Rakar hurried to transfer the money. He had to make sure Serin was going to be alright. He waited for the money to transfer then he headed back to the docks. 
“You are a man of your word,” the captain said. “Have your slave here by mid-morning that is when we are taking off.” 
“It will be done.” Rakar headed home. 
When he entered his home he saw Serin busy cleaning up. He couldn’t tell Serin what was going to happen. He walked slowly over to him and let his hand slowly pet Serin. 
“Rakar.” Serin turned around and smiled at him. 
Rakar grabbed Serin and pulled him into his arms. He kissed him deeply, slowly and most passionately. This was going to be their last night together. He lifted Serin up into his arms and carried him to his chamber. He slowly laid Serin in his bed. He stood there looking at Serin.
“Is something wrong?” 
“Nothing.” Rakar climbed onto the bed and removed his and Serin’s clothes. He lay on top of Serin wanting to feel Serin’s body under him. 
“There is something wrong. I can see it in your eyes.” 
“I am sending you to the colony planet your friends have gone to.” 
“Why?” 
“You wanted us to leave this planet didn’t you?” 
“But you said that you couldn’t.” 
“I was thinking there maybe a way that I could. I will ask Maru to station me on that planet. I will come up with some reason why this would benefit him.” Rakar stroked Serin’s hair. “But you will have to go first. I will tell him that I sold you or something. You leave tomorrow morning.” Rakar ran his fingers over Serin’s lips. “Don’t worry I will follow shortly afterwards.” 
“I don’t want to leave you.” 
“You must for the plan to work.” Rakar hated lying to Serin, but this was the only way he could think of to get Serin to that ship in the morning. 
He lowered down and kissed Serin again. He rolled on his side taking Serin with him. He wanted to feel Serin’s skin as he kissed him. His hands wandered all over Serin’s soft skin. They lay like that for hours. Rakar wanted this moment to last. This is the last time he would feel Serin like this. He looked down into Serin’s face that look of desire and …warmth in Serin’s eyes. That warmth Serin possessed. Rakar kept his emotions in check. He wanted nothing to spoil their last moments together.
“Make love to me,” Serin said with such a need in his voice. 
Rakar slowly rolled over pinning Serin under him. He reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the bottle of lube. After he generously applied the lube to his cock, he placed the head of his cock to Serin’s opening. He gazed into Serin’s beautiful eyes and slowly eased his cock inside of Serin. He captured Serin’s lips again as he thrust his cock over and over into Serin. He slowly made love to Serin for an hour until finally they orgasmed together. 
“Serin…” He caressed Serin’s face. “I love you.” 
Serin’s breath caught. Rakar had never said those words before. He could feel Rakar’s love, hell he could see it, but never had he heard those beautiful words from Rakar.
“I love you,” Serin whispered. He reached up and pulled Rakar down to him. He wanted Rakar’s kiss. 
Rakar spent the whole night making love to Serin. 
“You must hurry and get ready. You can’t miss that ship.” 
“I don’t want to leave you.” 
“Serin you must. I will join you later.” 
Rakar took Serin to the ship. 
“Is this the slave?” the captain asked. 
“His name is Serin. Make sure he gets there safely.
“Don’t worry I won’t let anything happen to Serin.” The captain turned to Serin. “Hello young man. We will be leaving shortly.” The captain walked away to finish preparing for their take off. 
“I better go before someone spots me here. I am going to go talk to Maru now.” 
“This doesn’t feel right. Come with me now.” Serin latched onto Rakar’s hand.
“I can’t. It would raise too much suspicion.” Rakar kissed Serin’s hand then walked away. He didn’t look back, he couldn’t.  He was glad that Serin was going to be safe. Rakar headed toward Maru’s palace. He wasn’t going to be chained and dragged in there. He was going to walk in there with his head held high. 
Serin watched Rakar go. This awful feeling that something was wrong wouldn’t leave him. He walked down the dock a little. It would be a little while before the ship took off. He spotted a bunch of dock workers talking. Each of them had surprised looks on their faces. Serin moved closer, curious to see what they were talking about. 
“I can’t believe it, you’re lying,” one of the workers said.
“My sister is married to one of Maru’s guards that is what he told her.” 
“I can’t believe it. General Rakar…” 
Serin’s heart began thumping hard in his chest. He hurried over to the men not really caring if they didn’t like a slave talking to them or not. “What about General Rakar?” Serin said in a rush. 
The men looked at him for a minute. 
“General Rakar is to be executed.” 
“Executed! What for, when?” 
“Maru found out General Rakar kept a slave as a lover. Maru’s bodyguards are probably heading over to the General’s residence now. As for when he will be executed, Maru wastes no time. The General will probably be executed tonight.” 
“Where?” 
“The platform of course.” 
“Where is that?” 
“Just who are you?” 
“Just a worker on that ship.” 
“They don’t let outsiders witness executions.” 
“I can’t believe General Rakar is going to be executed. It’s a shame, a real shame; he was such a brilliant General.” 
Serin rushed off the docks. He had to find this platform. He had to somehow stop this from happening. That is why Rakar was acting a bit strange. “That is why he wanted to tenderly make love to me all night,” Serin whispered. “He knew he was going to die.” Serin tried to hold back his tears. Rakar had ensured Serin’s safety. He had sacrificed his life so Serin could live. Serin asked everyone he passed where the platform was. Finally a nice woman gave him directions. She told him the same thing the dock workers did that no outsiders were allowed to observe the execution. 

***

Rakar walked into Maru’s chamber. He showed no fear, no anger, nothing but acceptance. 
“Rakar, somehow I knew you would find out. I am proud of you for just accepting your fate without a fight.” Maru smiled at him. Rakar was going to be strong to the very end. A very dignified death, Rakar deserved that. “Where is your slave?” 
“I killed him.” 
“Why would you do that?” 
“I didn’t want you to make a spectacle of him. I wanted him to die peacefully.” 
“Rakar how could you be such a fool and love some dirty slave?  I want you to know I took no pleasure in ordering your execution. Why love a slave, Rakar? You could have had your choice of any Sidana citizen.” 
“My slave eased my soul. Something I could have never found on my own.” 
“Enough! I don’t want to hear anymore. You will be taken down to the platform and executed right away. I don’t want this unpleasant task to linger on.” He watched Rakar leave the chamber. Rakar had two of Maru’s guards flanking him. Maru stood there. He wasn’t going to witness Rakar’s execution, he couldn’t. 
Rakar was led to the waiting room. Rakar glanced up at the clock and smiled. Serin was on his way to safety. 
“General Rakar, please follow me,” one of the guards said. 
The platform room wasn’t really a room. The platform was located in the courtyard of the palace. There were many people gathered around. Nuruc, Kydas, Cybin and Senatu all had tears in there eyes, though none of them would allow a tear to fall. A good deal of Rakar’s warriors was present as well, so much so that the courtyard was almost filled up. All of them had sadness in their eyes. 
Rakar walked tall and proud up to the platform. He slowly climbed the stairs then stopped. 
“Serin!” 
Serin was already standing on the platform.
“Serin, no!” Rakar hurried up to Serin. “What happened? You should be on your way to the colony by now.” 
“I heard that you were going to be executed. I couldn’t let you face this alone.” 
“Serin, I wanted you to live on. I wanted you to be with your friends…to be treated with kindness. Why did you come here, why?” 
“I would rather die here in your arms, than to live on some colony planet without you.” 
“Serin.” Rakar pulled Serin into his arms when he heard the whirl noise of the platform being turned on. 
“Rakar.” 
 Rakar looked into Serin’s face. “Our last kiss,” he said softly as he held Serin tightly and captured Serin’s lips. 
“No, not our last one,” Serin whispered against Rakar’s lips. He held Rakar tightly and kissed him even deeper. 
Nuruc watched as the light of the platform evaporated Serin and Rakar. All the warriors in the courtyard saluted their fallen General. 
Nuruc held his salute. The image of Rakar holding his slave…no…his lover so intimately as they faded away…Nuruc will remember this moment forever.

The End





Other books by Justus Roux:

Master Series:
My Master
Master's Ecstasy
Obey!
Sweet Rapture
Erotic Shivers Volume I (Has novellas:  Yes Master Dante, Wrath's Story, Ecstasy's Story) 
Mistress Angelique
Wrath's Lust
Breathless (Has novella: Master Drake) 
Love Thy Master
Master Nikolai
Dante and Angelique
Kiss the Moment
A Master’s Love
Amoureux
Obsession
Bind Me
Lilith’s Romulus/ Rex’s Jinx
Lilith’s Web
Love Hurts
Love’s Escape
My Mistress
I Got You
Ferocity
Yes…My Master
Strict Machine
Whispers of Change
Judas' Kiss
Chained Heart
Chains of Apollo
Inner Beast
The Demon Hunter Series:
Keeper of My Soul
Heavenly Surrender
Breathless (Has novella: Forever, Demon Hunter Ryo's story)
Ayden's Awakening
Barbarians of Malka Serie:
Protector of My Heart  
A Warrior’s Will
A Song for my Warrior
The Warrior’s Heart
Barbarians of Malka
Anthologies edited by Justus Roux:
Erotic Tales
Erotic Fantasy: Tales of the Paranormal
Who’s Your Daddy?
Bosslady
Erotic Tales 2
Single titles: 
Paradise
With These Chains
My Warrior
Black Velvet
Zero
Silk Ropes
In the Arms of Oblivion
Darkness is Coming
Surrender/whips
Masquerade
Master of Puppets
Toy Soldiers 
 Dom/sub trilogy:
Mine
Surrender to Me
Perfect Submission
Master of My Heart Series:
Voodoo
A Good Man
www.justusroux.com
Where love and erotica know no boundaries
www.justusrouxmasterseries.com







