
Love on the Buchanan Ranch
 A Texas Love Story

Elizabeth Nelson

Copyright 2013 © Elizabeth Nelson
Smashwords Edition







All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2013 Elizabeth Nelson

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author and/or publisher. No part of this publication may be sold or hired, without written permission from the author. 



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are a product of the writer’s imagination and / or have been used fictitiously in such a fashion it is not meant to serve the reader as actual fact and should not be considered as actual fact. Any resemblance to actual events, or persons, living or dead, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental. 


CHAPTER 1

“Don’t smile, Stacey…it’s a funeral. You’re the widow for crying out loud,” Stacey thought those words as she stared at the open casket in front of her. She didn’t look at the man inside, but instead she stared at the beautiful white roses that adorned the top of the smooth oak. She tried hard to make herself think back on the good times, maybe then she could work up a tear…or two. People were bound to be wondering why the widow seemed to be the only one almost…smiling. Stacey sighed and urged her mind to return to a time when she and Edward were happy. She was really trying, but all she could manage to think about was how good it had felt the past few days to finally be free. 

She felt the corners of her mouth draw upward again at the thought. “Stop it!” she chastised herself. She closed her eyes for a second, and when she opened them she forced herself to look at the man in the casket. She had spent the past twelve years of her life with this man, and the simple thought that she wasn’t at all sad he was lying in a casket at forty-five years old after suffering a very unexpected massive heart attack, should be enough to make her want to cry.  She looked across the aisle at the old woman who stood with her shoulders hunched and her thin, arthritic hands clutching the rail in front of her. The poor old thing was truly stricken with grief. The black lace veil she wore hid her face, but Stacey could see the frail, weathered body shake as she sobbed. Stacey felt true sadness for her. The old woman was Edward’s Abuela. The grandmother who had raised and doted on him since his drug addict mother had abandoned him when he was just a boy. 

Stacey looked back at the man in the casket. She could feel a hot tear running down her cheek now as she thought about that little boy. Edward told her how his Abuela had come from Mexico to find him and his mother. She found him at last, nearly starved to death and all alone in a sleazy motel room just across the Mexican border in Texas. The city was Brownsville, a place as riddled with drugs and violence as Tijuana itself. His grandmother took him from the motel to a small house she had rented while she was searching for him. They stayed in Brownsville, and growing up there had not been easy for Edward. He would tell Stacey later that he thought they stayed there because of Abuela’s hope that his mother would some day clean up her life and come home. That never happened, but Eduardo Carrasco Martinez had grown into a fine young man in spite of it all. He was fluent in Spanish; articulate in English, handsome confident and some would even have said brilliant. He graduated from high school with honors and attended the University of Texas, Brownsville on a full scholarship. Medical school was funded on student loans, and after many hard years, Edward was an MD with a practice of his own. His Abuela was proud enough of him to bust. Her face would literally light up when Edward was in the room. Stacey was afraid now that Abuela would be soon to follow her grandson to the grave. The old woman truly had a good heart, and Stacey cared for her deeply. Thinking about how devastated she must be feeling now was enough to finally cause the elusive tears to fall.

***

All of the things that Abuela had loved about Edward were the things that had caused Stacey to fall in love with him as well. Stacey had not been naïve enough to believe that he was perfect, without the flaws that all of us humans possess, but she had to honestly say that he had done a fantastic job of disguising those flaws when they had first met. 

Stacey left the present once more and escaped from the dull eulogy the pastor was reading. She returned in her mind instead to that day she had met him, almost thirteen years earlier. Edward had walked into the coffee shop that Stacey had been managing at the time. She was working at the counter that day, covering for an employee that had gone home sick. She had actually told herself later that it had been fate she’d been the one to take his order. She would change that opinion sometime in the near future, but in that moment, all she had seen was the handsome, confident man at the counter who had just ordered a large Café Mocha and asked for her phone number. Stacey made his coffee, but she didn’t give him the phone number that day. She was a single mother with an eight-year-old daughter at home, and she was very careful whom she handed out her personal information to. 

Edward didn’t seem fazed however by her refusal. He started coming into the coffee house daily, and if she weren’t working the counter, he would request to see the manager. When she would come out of her office, he would simply tell her he had wanted to say hello and make sure she was having a nice day. Stacey began to warm up to him after a few weeks, and finally consented to having a lunch date. 

Edward told her that day at lunch that he was a Radiologist. He had his own practice in Dallas, and owned a home in a nearby neighborhood that Stacey recognized as being upper crust. His money didn’t impress her, that wasn’t what Stacey was about. His intelligence and apparent drive to succeed after all he’d had to overcome was what she found herself in awe of. 

They continued to see each other after that, with Edward wining and dining her. He would send flowers to her at work, always white roses, with sentimental little notes about how he missed her and couldn’t wait to see her. Stacey had been alone with her daughter Emma for a long time. She wasn’t one who needed constant adoration, but the attention that Edward was showering on her was so new and refreshing that it dazzled her, and had an almost dizzying effect on her brain. The only part of her life she refused at first to let it touch was Emma. She wanted to be sure that they were really headed for a future together before she got her baby involved. When she finally allowed him to meet Emma, she was sure that she and Edward were headed for a life together, but didn’t realize until a few years later that Emma was the glue that would keep them stuck together whether Stacey liked it or not. 

She looked beside her at the beautiful young lady who sat with her head bowed, listening to what the preacher was saying about her “Pop”. Stacey reached over and took Emma’s hand in hers, and when Emma looked at her she could see the tracks the tears had taken down her lovely face. Edward was the only father Emma had ever known. Her biological father had been Stacey’s high school sweetheart whom she had cut ties with the day she told him they were pregnant and he suggested they borrow money from his brother for an abortion. 

Edward and Emma had formed an instant bond. He was a different man with Emma than he was with any other woman. Stacey had discovered Edward’s disdain for women early on in their marriage. She knew it was probably caused by his mother’s neglect and abandonment. She had tried to be a good wife, thinking that she could prove to him that all women were not like the one who had bore him. It didn’t work, but by the time Stacey was ready to admit it, Emma had fallen in love, and she couldn’t bear to break her baby’s heart. 

She looked back towards where Edward now lay in the casket. Eduardo Carrasco Martinez was a handsome man, even in death. Stacey felt sorrow for all of those around her who mourned his passing. He was truly loved by his Grandmother, his stepdaughter, his friends and colleagues. Stacey wished she had known the same man that they had. Instead though, she had known the Edward who was hateful and mean. The one who was so skilled with his verbal and emotional abuse towards her that no one else even noticed. Stacey herself hadn’t even noticed until it had all but peeled away her confidence and self-esteem like the skin of an orange. She looked at him again and truly wished she could feel grief for him. Instead however, her heart felt like it had grown wings, and all she wanted to do was fly away. 

***

The reception afterwards was held at the home Stacey and Edward had shared for the past twelve years. Family and friends gathered and the kitchen was filled with so much food that Stacey didn’t know what she would ever do with it all. Abuela was able to stop by for an hour or so, but tired quickly, and was taken home by her great nephew who was staying with her from Mexico. Stacey did get the opportunity to speak with her briefly and tell her how sorry she was for her loss. The guilty feelings resurfaced when Abuela took Stacey’s face in her wrinkled hands and said in her broken English, “I had Edward for most of his life, mija. It is you I am sorry for. The little time you had with him was not enough. I am sorry you were not able to make children with him, so at least a part of him would have been left with you.”

Stacey only nodded at Abuela’s words. Inside her head, however, she was experiencing the guilt of thinking how blessed she was that she hadn’t gotten pregnant while she and Edward were together. She was sure she would have loved the child, but the thought of being a thirty-nine year old widow with a small child was overwhelming. As it was, Stacey hadn’t worked the entire time she and Edward had been together. He had insisted she stay home and be a mother to Emma and a full-time doctor’s wife to him. At first, Stacey had been thrilled at the thought. Eventually though, when Emma was old enough to spend time with her friends and school activities and Edward was working…. or doing whatever it was he did when he told her he’d been working…she had grown tired of being alone.

She had tried talking to Edward about going back to work. At first he had only laughed and said, “And what would you do? Work at a coffee shop? Wouldn’t that be fun to explain to my colleagues?” He had dismissed her idea with those cruel words, and then said, “What’s for dinner?”

Stacey knew she should let it go, and serve the chicken like the dutiful wife Edward willed her to be, but she couldn’t. Instead, she suggested that if her working didn’t appeal to him, perhaps she could go back to school and learn a profession that wouldn’t make Edward ashamed to tell his friend’s and colleagues about. He laughed at that as well. “You’re just not bright enough to be a professional,” he’d said to her in that cruel tone she had learned to hate. “Be satisfied with what I give you. Most women would realize how blessed they were to have a man like me to take care of them.”

Stacey wasn’t as angry with Edward over the things that he said, and the things he forbade her from doing, as she was at herself. She had put herself in the situation. She had been so blinded by his supposed love and devotion to her; she had allowed him to achieve a position of control early on. By the time she realized that was what he had been after all along, she was without an income, with nothing in her name, and no possible way to put a roof over her daughter’s head and food in her belly if she had left. So she stayed, and during the day while she was home alone, after Edward’s house was clean and before his dinner had to be waiting on the table, she would read and she would dream. 

Each of her dreams began the same way. She dreamt about being free to be herself once again. She had never wished Edward dead, she had only hoped he would grow tired of her one day and leave on his own. She dreamt every day about what she would do when the day came that she could make her own decisions. She dreamt of owning her own business. She had been really good at managing the coffee house, and despite Edward’s barbs, she had been proud of her job there. She took care of the payroll, the inventory, the billing, and everything else that made the business profitable and run smoothly. She knew she could do it again, this time being the owner, rather than only the manager. She had never mentioned it to Edward. It was a dream she wanted to keep to herself, and not give him the chance to belittle. Now, she was finally free to pursue her dreams, and she knew Edward would probably turn over in his grave at the thought, but she planned on using whatever money he had left her to do just that.

After everyone else had gone that evening, Emma stayed behind to help Stacey clean up.

“Are you really okay, Mama?” she asked before she left for her own little apartment across town. “I don’t mind staying here with you for a few more days until you’re ready to be alone.”

Stacey hugged her sweet girl. She had come so close, so many times to telling her what a tyrant her stepfather had been behind closed doors, but had never done it. She couldn’t bear for Stacey to lose that light she held in her eyes for him…whether he deserved it or not. Holding her back by the shoulders now she looked into Emma’s beautiful, innocent eyes and said, “I promise I’ll be okay. I’ll call you if I need anything. You do the same, okay?”

Emma’s eyes were filled with tears, but she nodded her head and agreed.

Stacey had leaned against the heavy wood door as she closed it behind her Emma, and breathed a heavy sigh of relief that this day were finally over. She turned off the lights in each room as she made her way upstairs to her bedroom. As she stood in front of the bathroom mirror removing her makeup, she told herself that the first thing she needed to do after the estate was settled, was to sell this mausoleum of a house. She had tried to tell Edward it was too big when they had bought it. It had five bedrooms and seven bathrooms, a formal dining room, living room, kitchen, game room and an office. Edward had bought the house anyways, without her approval, telling her that a man in his position in the community needed to live as such. 

Stacey slipped on her nightgown and after brushing her teeth and hair she lay down in the huge king sized bed. She let herself smile then…without guilt. It was her first step towards her new life, and in believing that despite what she had been told for the past twelve years, she deserved to be happy.

CHAPTER 2

Stacey hurried into the attorney’s office the next Wednesday morning. She had spent the week since Edward’s burial mostly returning phone calls and emails from family and friends who wanted to make sure she was okay. She had boxed up much of the leftover food and taken some to Emma and the rest to Abuela. On the morning the will was to be read she had gotten up early, showered, had her coffee and breakfast, and was still left with plenty of time to read the paper…or so she thought. 

As she sat down in the soft patio chair on the big wrap-around porch and opened her paper, a car drove into the driveway. Stacey put the paper aside, and watched with curiosity as a young woman, dressed in a very short skirt and heels, exited the driver’s side door. Stacey stood up to greet her as she came up the walk. 

“Hello,” Stacey said, growing increasingly curious as to whom the young woman was.

“Hi,” the girl said, twirling a piece of her long blonde hair around her index finger as she did so, “Are you Mrs. Sanchez?”

“Yes,” Stacey said, “and you are?”

“Can I sit down?” the girl asked, placing a hand across her abdomen as she said so. 

“Of course,” Stacey said and gestured towards the patio chair next to the one she had been sitting in. Stacey took a seat as well and said, “Are you okay? Do you need some help?”

The girl only shook her head, and then taking a deep breath she said, “My name is Victoria. I worked for your husband…for a while. I was a receptionist in his office. I was sorry to hear of your loss. I only just found out…. Oh dear! I don’t know how to say this, so I am just going to blurt it out…I’m pregnant with Edward’s baby!”

Stacey had just been about to take a sip of her coffee. She choked on it and spit it back into the cup instead.

She stood up abruptly, and then felt bad when she saw the girl flinch and sink back into her chair. She covered her abdomen again with her arm, and this time Stacey recognized it as a protective gesture.

“It’s okay,” Stacey told her in as gentle a tone as she could muster, “I’m not going to hurt you.”

When the girl looked back at her she had tears in her eyes, “I wouldn’t blame you if you did. Your husband just died, and here is some bimbo telling you that he’s been cheating on you. I’m sorry, I just didn’t know what else to do. Edward was paying my bills…I don’t have a job…”

Stacey sat back down and took the girls hand in hers. It didn’t surprise her that Edward was cheating on her. She had suspected it for some time now. Selfishly, she had just allowed it to go on, thankful that he was pawing all over some other woman rather than her when he was in the mood. What did surprise her was the pregnancy. Edward hadn’t allowed her to use birth control, although she had tried a few times. She’d had hell to pay when Edward had found out, so she finally just resigned herself to the fact that she would probably end up pregnant. When she didn’t, she had just assumed that there was a problem with Edward. 

“Are you sure you’re pregnant? You’ve seen a doctor?” Stacey asked her.

“Yes, I’m sure. Edward took me to a gynecologist friend of his. He was so angry with me. He told me that I was a worthless, home-wrecking whore.” she teared up again.

Stacey sighed, “Listen, Victoria. Edward was a mean-spirited man who had no respect for women. He spoke to me the same way, often. It was his responsibility to remain faithful to me. He broke his vows. You may have made some poor decisions, but that never gave him the right to speak to you that way.”

This sent the girl into full-blown sobs. Stacey sat silently and let her get it out, and when she could finally speak she said, “I thought you would be so mad. I expected you to slap me or cuss me out, or something. It almost feels worse that you’re being so nice.”

Stacey laughed, “Trust me, there is someone I want to slap and cuss out, but he went and died before I got the chance.”

Victoria laughed at that as well. Stacey eventually calmed the girl down enough to send her on her way. She promised that she would help her, and that she’d call as soon as the probate hearing was over. 

That left her here, now, rushing through the heavy glass doors of Grunwald, Grunwald and Dow, Edwards trusted attorneys.

She entered the room where the will was being read just as they were ready to begin. Nodding at Mr. Grunwald she muttered a quick apology and took a seat at the long oak table between Abuela and Emma.

“Okay then, we all seem to be here,” Grunwald said in his thick, attorney voice. He looked around the table. Seated there were Stacey, Abuela, Edward’s Uncle Xavier, his cousin Luis, Emma, and his business partner, Sal.

“I need to start by telling you all that after a careful combing through of Edward’s assets this past week, I am afraid you may be in for somewhat of a shock.”

Stacey sat up straighter in her chair, I guess one more today won’t matter, she told herself.

“Edward left a very detailed will. The problem is, the will was written over five years ago. Since then, his financial situation has substantially changed.”

“Changed how?” Xavier asked warily.

“Edward, I’m afraid, made some very poor investments over the years. Plain and simple, there is not much left of what he had willed to you all.”

Stacey felt the room spin a bit, and she visualized her dreams growing wings and flying out of the big, glass windows that surrounded them. She looked at Sal. He was the only one that didn’t appear shocked by the news. 

“Sal, what about the business? He was making money, right? Where was it going?”

Sal looked sick as he cleared his throat and said, “We’re bankrupt, Stacey. We were about to file when Edward died. I’m afraid it may be what caused his heart attack, the stress of it all.”

Emma looked at Stacey and said, “Mom, you didn’t know about any of this?”

“No, honey. Edward handled the finances. He didn’t discuss them with me.” Stacey said this with an abruptness that she hadn’t meant to direct at Emma. It was just all she could do to hold herself together. 

Luscious Grunwald gave them a moment of silence and then he went on, “There is a small trust fund that was left intact for you, Emma. Edward had borrowed against it once a few years ago, but built it back up to around twenty thousand again by the time he passed. Abuela, the house you live in is yours. Edward made sure that was paid off long ago. Unfortunately, the monthly allowance that Edward had intended for you probably won’t be possible when all is said and done. Xavier, Luis, Edward left you both with his gun collection, and his classic corvette and mustang. They are all clear of debt.” He paused there, and finally, making reluctant eye contact with Stacey he said,

“I’m afraid my news for you is not good, Stacey. The home was in Edward’s name alone, so the IRS will probably put a lien against it for the back taxes he owed. There is very little cash in either his business or personal accounts, and he had cashed out his life insurance policy just weeks before his death, to pay off a debt that he refused to discuss with me. I got the feeling it was to pay off a gambling debt or something like it he seemed very distressed. I’m so sorry, Stacey. I feel truly awful for you.”

Stacey sat silent, in a mild state of shock. She could feel Emma’s hand on hers, and she could hear the whispers of the others at the table, but she felt like she was floating above it all, a bystander, rather than a participant. She finally snapped back to reality and squeezed Emma’s hand. Standing up she bent to kiss Abuela on the cheek, and then Emma, and as she excused herself from the room, she thanked Mr. Grunwald for his time. 

Stacey ran across the busy road in front of the office and walked down the street on the other side towards the park. She could hear her phone ringing incessantly, but didn’t bother to take it out and see whom it was. She walked at a brisk pace, inwardly cursing Edward for the position he had left her in, and cursing herself once more for allowing it. When she reached the park, she sat down on a bench and watched the children playing on the playground. She thought about how lucky they were to be so carefree. She hadn’t really had that feeling for more than a minute or two at a time since she was seventeen years old. As she sat there, it seemed as if time were standing still. She tried to pull herself out of her funk and make some decisions about what she was going to do with her life, but wallowing in her self-pity was all that she could seem to manage. 

After sitting for a while, she allowed her thoughts to drift back to those early days when she and Edward were falling in love. She had so many questions for herself about how she had allowed things to come to this, why she had given up her own dreams and ambitions for such a cruel man. She realized the place to start was not blaming Emma for falling in love with Edward, but instead, to blame herself. She remembered the first time she and Edward had made love, and she knew in her heart that if she put all else aside, that was the night which had really sealed the deal. 

Edward was taking her out to dinner to a very fancy restaurant that she had never been to before. Emma had gone to a sleepover with her friend that night, so Stacey had more time than usual to get ready. She had stood in front of her closet after she had gotten out of the bath and stared at the clothes inside, willing something beautiful to appear. The sound of her doorbell startled her, and pulling her robe shut tight around her, she went to answer it. It was a deliveryman. He asked her to sign for the long box he held, and when she said she hadn’t ordered anything, he had only shrugged and said, “Maybe it’s a gift.”

Stacey closed the door behind the man and began ripping open the package, curious to see what was inside. When she had at last gotten it open, she couldn’t believe her eyes. Inside, wrapped in soft tissue paper was the most gorgeous cocktail dress she had ever seen. Wow! Maybe I have a fairy godmother after all…she thought. Then, spying a small card in the box she took it out and read it aloud to herself,

“My dearest, Stacey…I know accepting gifts is difficult for you, but please, accept this one for my sake. I saw this dress and pictured you in it…It’s the only thought I’ve been able to have since.

Regards,
Edward.”

Stacey smiled and pulled out the dress. It was a soft, cornflower blue. Edward had told her once when she had worn a sweater that color, that he had never seen her look so beautiful. She checked the size and was in awe of the fact, but not surprised, that he had gotten the size exactly right. By the time Edward had arrived at her door, she felt like Cinderella, ready for the ball. 

He had hired a driver for the evening, telling her that he didn’t want anything to take his focus off of her. They drank champagne in the back of the huge town car on the way to the restaurant, and by the time they had arrived, Stacey already had a pleasant little buzz going on in her head. She wasn’t used to just letting herself go and have fun. She’d always had Emma to worry about, but for this one night, she had convinced herself that Emma was safe, and she was deserving of a little fun. 

Dinner was amazing, with more wine. Edward fed her chocolate mousse from a gold spoon on the balcony that overlooked the city filled with lights, and by the time they had arrived back at Stacey’s apartment, she was probably already in love. 

She hadn’t planned on inviting him in, but the kiss at the door consumed her with warmth, or was it the wine? Either way, she asked him in, and the kiss continued from the front door, down the hall, and into her bedroom. Edward had kept one hand at the back of her neck, wrapped up in her hair, and the other at the small of her back on their trip down the hall. She didn’t protest as she felt one of them travel up to the zipper of her dress and begin to slowly inch it down. She smiled as he whispered, “Now I can’t stop picturing you out of it.” She shuddered softly at the cold she felt on her shoulders and chest as she felt the dress drop to the floor around her feet, and she heard herself moan as he deftly unhooked her strapless bra and placed his lips softly on her breast. 

As Edward explored her breasts and nipples with his lips and tongue, he pushed her gently back onto the bed. She was lying there with nothing left on but her satin panties, and she was surprised at herself for her lack of modesty. It had been a long time since she had been with a man, but her mind and body were responding as if it had only been yesterday. Her hands were on the back of Edward’s head, her fingers wrapped up in his soft, black hair. She pushed down on his head gently as she rocked her hips up against him, willing him not to stop. His tongue felt cool and wet, but somehow hot at the same time as he traced each of her nipples with it, and then she felt his sweet lips kissing her soft belly, making their way south.

Stacey tried to nudge him up, wanting him to take off his clothes as well, but he only shushed her and gave her a gentle, but firm push back on the bed. He looked at her as he slipped her panties down past her thighs and then her ankles. It was a look filled with passion and need, and it was all Stacey needed to convince her to just lay back and enjoy. 

Stacey had thought Edward’s tongue was magic on her nipples, but where it explored now made her so hot she was afraid she’d spontaneously combust right then and there. He ran his tongue along the insides of her thighs until she thought she would go mad with desire, and then he used those sexy lips to part her and placing his tongue inside of her he proceeded to finish driving her mad. 

It was the first time Stacey was able to climax during oral sex. She was pretty sure the other small handful of men she had been with in her life hadn’t been doing it right. When she had finished, Edward crawled up beside her, and slipping an arm underneath her he began to kiss her lips once again. She could taste her own sweetness on his tongue and it was like an aphrodisiac. She was hot and wet all over again, and now begging Edward to take off his clothes and let her make him feel as good as he had made her. As they kissed he stripped off his shirt, and then his pants. Stacey could feel him hard and ready as he rocked against her thigh. She tried to pull away from the kiss, so she could pleasure him the way he had her, but instead of letting her go, he just kissed her harder. He finished slipping off his shirt and pants with one hand, and finally, just as Stacey knew for sure she would lose her mind, he rolled on top of her and slipped inside of her. It was the most amazing thing she had ever felt. He was big, and hard as a rock, but Stacey was so well lubricated from his foreplay that she was more ready than she had ever been. 

Edward seemed to know all the right moves, and Stacey tried not to let herself think about how many times he must have done this before to have gotten so good. Instead, she just wrapped her legs tightly around his waist and arched her back so that his lips could reach her breasts as he rocked her world.

When Edward at last climaxed, Stacey was ready again too. In another first for her, she climaxed along with her partner, and it was the best orgasm she had ever had…. and it only went downhill from there… she thought, bringing herself back into her present, depressing situation. 

She looked around the park again…. happy children playing, parents watching with smiles, couples strolling hand in hand, looking like they were in love, this wasn’t where she needed to be right now. She pushed herself up off the bench with a heavy sigh and headed back across the busy street to the parking garage where she had left her car. Before pulling out of the garage, she called Emma back. She had left her three messages in the half hour since Stacey had walked out of the attorney’s office. 

“Mom!” Emma almost shrieked as the call connected, “Where did you go? Are you okay?”

“I’m fine, Emma Bug, calm down, please,” Stacey told her, trying to use a reassuring tone.

“Mama, I’m so sorry about what happened today. We’re going to be okay though, we still have my money, and I can get a job….”

“No, Emma,” Stacey said, this time using a firm, no-argument tone.

“What do you mean, No? You’ve taken care of me forever, Mom. Let me help you.”

“Emma, the plan was for you to leave for Arkansas Tech next week. That plan hasn’t changed. Your dorm is paid for, your tuition is paid, at least Edward took care of that before he went and died…”

“Mom!”

“I’m sorry, Emma. I’m angry with him, I admit it. I’ll get over it, and I’ll pull myself up and go on, and I’ll be all right. You are going to school. I am going to miss you like crazy, but you are too bright, and your future is too promising to blow it now. I really don’t need anyone to take care of me, sweetie. I’m going to be fine. My world would completely crumble if my problems kept you from following your dreams.”

Emma was silent for so long that Stacey began to fear she had hung up, but then she said, “I’ll go on the condition that you promise, promise me you will call me if you need anything at all, okay, Mama? I can’t stand the thought of you struggling, being all alone…”

“I’m not alone, Emma Bug. Since the day you were born you’ve been with me wherever I’ve gone. You’re my sunshine and my strength, and if things get tough all I need to do to get by is picture your gorgeous smile. Trust me, I’ve used the technique before, it works.”

Emma laughed, “Oh, mother. I wish the world saw me the way that you do. I’d be elected President.”

“As well you should be,” Stacey told her, smiling genuinely at the sound of Emma’s laugh. “Now, I’m sure you have packing left to do so I will let you get to it. I am heading home to start making decisions about my own life. I will talk to you soon, love.”

“Love you, Mama,” Emma said before hanging up.

“Love you more,” Stacey said as she disconnected the call.

CHAPTER 3

The next few weeks were a blur for Stacey. First of all sending Emma off to college. It was one of those moments as a parent when your heart was bursting with pride and breaking at the same time. In the interim, she had been working with the probate people to inventory the household items, art, jewelry, etc. to get an idea of what Edwards true worth had been upon his demise. When all was said and done, it would leave Stacey with about ten thousand dollars in cash, her Dodge Durango, and her clothing and personal jewelry. It wasn’t much, but if she worked hard to find a job before the end of the following month when she had to be out of the house, it should be enough to get started. She would just have to re-evaluate her dreams, make a cut here or there, re-design them a bit. She had done that before. She could do it again. 

Stacey searched the internet and the newspapers every day, scouring them for anything she might be qualified for. She checked not only in Dallas, but in the towns surrounding the city as well. The rents in Dallas were probably going to be a bit high for her at first anyways. She needed to find something that would be close to wherever she’d be working, and affordable enough so as not to consume her entire salary each month. 

She was energized at first, submitting resumes and applications daily to coffee shops and restaurants that were hiring. She told herself after the first week went by with no responses that she only needed to be patient, things didn’t happen in a day. As the second week passed on some of her applications and she didn’t hear back she still refused to worry, instead deciding to do an in-person follow-up on some of her app’s. 

She went first to the franchise coffee shop down the street from where Edward’s practice had been. It was the first place she had submitted her application. She went to the counter and asked the young girl there if it might be possible to speak with the manager. Stacey’s hopes were dashed once more when a young man, young enough she thought, to be her son came out of the manager’s office and introduced himself.

“Hi,” she told him, and introduced herself she said, “I’m sorry to bother you, but I had submitted an application a few weeks ago for the manager’s position and I hadn’t gotten word back. I was in the neighborhood, so I thought I would stop in…”

“Oh my, I’m so sorry,” the young man told her, “I’m the new manager. I just started last week.”

Stacey smiled and assured him it was okay. She left with her head held high, refusing to allow anyone to see how discouraged she felt. She was a middle-aged woman who hadn’t worked outside of the home in over twelve years. She was competing with men and women her daughter’s age for these jobs, as well as men and women her age that had been working all along. She drove home, put on her pajamas, and allowed herself to wallow once more.

The next morning she woke with even more resolve. After all, what else did she really have? She brewed her coffee and took it out on the big porch with her paper and sat down to read the want ads. She flipped to the section marked “Restaurants/Food Service” and began to skim through, looking for keywords that said, “Stacey this would be perfect for you.”

She highlighted some, and crossed out others, before coming to one small ad near the bottom of the list that sounded intriguing to her for more than one reason. First of all it said the job was located in a suburb of Dallas called Bartonville. Bartonville is a small community, mostly horse properties, ranches and the like. That was close enough that she wouldn’t have to make a huge move, but the properties for rent in Bartonville were bound to be less expensive than in Dallas.

The second intriguing part was that it involved re-opening a restaurant and indicated that they were looking for someone to do the hiring and managing of the place. It had a phone number, and Stacey immediately reached for her cell phone and dialed the number.

“Bradshaw and Lee,” came the pleasant, female voice on the end of the line.

“Hello, my name is Stacey Martinez. I was calling about the ad in the paper for a restaurant manager.”

“Oh yes, one moment please,” Stacey was put on hold. While she was waiting she remembered the last time she had sat on her porch and had her coffee. That reminded her that she needed to find Victoria’s number and call her to check in. A man’s voice came on the line this time. He sounded warm and friendly and talked with a thick, Texas drawl that Stacey immediately liked. He said his name was Ted and he was the property manager.

They talked about Stacey’s experience, or in her mind lack thereof. To her surprise and delight, he didn’t seem put off by that however. As a matter of fact, the man was more interested in talking about Stacey than her professional experience. She gave him just a small amount of background to include that she was a recent widow and had been a full-time housewife and mother for some time, so he would have an idea as to why she hadn’t held down in a job in a while. When she was done, he said, “I have some time this afternoon, would you like to meet me there and we can talk some more?”

Stacey was surprised, but said that she would absolutely be there at whatever time worked best for him. He said two o’clock would be good and gave her directions. It seemed to be way out in the boondocks, and Stacey was surprised that anyone would think of putting a restaurant so far off the beaten track. She wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth, however. She hung up with a smile and the first glimmer of real hope she had felt in quite some time. 

***

Several hours later, she was ready. She had map quested the directions and was even more confused about the location. The directions led her about an hour outside of Dallas, to what seemed to be nothing but a large ranch that raised longhorn cattle, quarter horses, and had their own man-made lake on the property. She wasn’t going to let anything scare her off at this point. She got into her car and looking at herself in the rear view mirror as she left the driveway she told herself, “This is going to be the start of your new life. You can do this.”

She laughed and thought about how she hoped the job came with insurance to pay for the psychiatric help she would need if she kept talking to herself.

The drive was a pretty one, she had to admit. As she left the city of Dallas and drove out into the suburbs she passed big, beautiful ranches with green pastures and large trees. She found herself thinking about how nice it would be to live outside of the hustle and bustle of the city. Somewhere where the pace was slower and your regular customers ordered regular coffee with a pitcher of sweet cream on the side, rather than an espresso or a latte.

When she at last had reached the address that Ted had given her, she started to get a little nervous that perhaps she had been duped. The numbers were clearly posted on a large, stone mailbox at the road, but beyond that all Stacey could see were miles of white fence and green pasture, dotted with cattle and horses, and leading up to what may have been the largest house she had ever seen. It sat back about a mile off the road, but she could see from where she sat that it sprawled out in all directions. There was not a restaurant in sight, however, and the butterflies in her stomach began to get out of hand. Just as she was thinking about starting the car and heading back home, a large, white Ford pick-up drove up behind her.

Stacey watched as a man jumped out of the lifted truck. He was a small man, in height anyways. He probably only stood about five feet tall in his ostrich skin boots. He was almost as round as he was tall, and had on what looked to be an expensive, possibly custom-made, suit and a large, tan cowboy hat. He approached the driver’s side window with a smile, his round cheeks almost smothering his eyes when he did.

Stacey wasn’t sure what to do, but trying to stay calm and not get caught up in her over active imagination, she rolled the window down.

“Hi, Stacey? I’m Ted!” the little man said with that same Texas drawl Stacey had heard on the phone earlier. “I’m sorry I’m a little late. There was a darned cow in the road up a piece, I had to call the hands to come out and get him out of the way.”

“Its fine,” Stacey said, “I wasn’t sure if I was in the right place.”

Ted laughed, “I shoulda told ya the restaurant wasn’t right here, I apologize. It’s been a busy week and I’m just not thinking clearly. Mr. Buchanan wanted to meet ya before I took you on over to see the place. I hope you don’t mind. It’s his place, and it kinda means a lot to him. He had it built for his missus a few years back, but she passed on before they could get it opened. We thought he was gonna have it bull dozed there for a while, but then all of a sudden he says, “Find me somebody to open the restaurant, and so here we are.”

The little man said all of this without taking a breath. Stacey felt slightly overwhelmed and wondered if she were taking a risk being out here alone with this odd little person. 

“So if you want to follow me on up to the main house?” he asked, tipping his hat at her and not waiting for a reply before heading back to his pickup. Stacey watched him grab on to the pull bar that had been strategically placed near the driver’s side door and swing himself up inside. He tipped his hat once more, and maybe winked? Stacey shook her head at herself, again wondering what she was doing as she put the car in gear and proceeded to follow him up the long driveway.

As they approached the house, Stacey could see more clearly how large and beautiful it was. It was made of wood and almost looked like a series of two story cabins that had been joined together. There was a sprawling lawn out front with what looked like a life-sized bronze statue of a longhorn bull situated in the middle. It was all impressive, but what Stacey found the most amazing was the huge lake that spanned out behind the home. She couldn’t really tell from her current angle, but it looked as if the water came right up to a dock at the back of the home. The large glass windows that spanned the front of the property must have been tinted because they didn’t allow a view into the inside of the home from where she exited her car and now stood. The top story was also surrounded with windows, and a wrap-around balcony with huge oak staircases at each end. 

“Pretty, ain’t it?” Ted asked, startling her as he came up from behind.

“Yes, it’s beautiful,” Stacey said.

“Mr. Buchanan had it built for his bride when they first got married forty years ago. They made a few upgrades to it since then. Other than the missus, this house and ranch are his pride and joy.”

“I can see why,” Stacey said, honestly. Ted led her up to the massive front door and she stood nervously waiting as he rang the bell. A pleasant looking older lady answered the door. 

“Ted,” she said, embracing the little man, “Come in!” and then turning towards Stacey she said, “And you must be Miss Martinez! Welcome, I’m Mauve.” She led Stacey into the foyer as she warmly shook her hand. Stacey couldn’t help but look around in awe. What she had thought was a top story was something akin to a catwalk that spanned the top of the thirty-foot ceilings. The walls behind the banister were lined with windows and bookshelves. The living room was wide-open with a huge, stone fireplace in the center, and the room was filled with light coming in from the huge windows that she had seen from outside. 

“Please have a seat, Mr. Buchanan will be right with you. Can I get you some coffee, tea?” Mauve asked them. 

“I’d love some coffee, Mauve,” Ted said, and Stacey added, “Sure, coffee would be great.”

“I’ll be right back then,” she said as they sat down on the huge sofa that wrapped around the entire big room. 

Mauve was back with the coffee before Mr. Buchanan came in. When he did, Stacey couldn’t help but notice how he seemed to fill the large room. He was one of those people that some might say “Sucked all of the oxygen out of the room.”

He was tall; at least six-four or five and his shoulders were broad. He was a handsome man for his age, but looked more like a ranch-hand than the owner. He wore a pair of wrangler jeans and on his feet was what appeared to be a pair of leather moccasins. He didn’t wear a hat, but the dark brown hair that was touched with grey at the sideburns carried the imprint of one. He held out a large, calloused hand in Stacey’s direction as she stood and said, “Hello, I’m Bobby Buchanan.”

Stacey shook the rough hand and introduced herself as well. He asked her to please have a seat, and she sat back down as he greeted Ted.

“So, Ted here tells me you might be interested in opening a restaurant.”

“Yes, I would love to hear more about it,” Stacey said, becoming more curious about these people by the minute.

“Well, it’s just a small diner on the outskirts of the property as you get into town. I had it built about five years ago, for my wife. She had always wanted to have a restaurant of her own. Unfortunately we waited too long getting around to it. My Lily passed away just after it was done, so it’s been sittin’ awhile.”

“I’m very sorry for your loss,” Stacey told him, almost wishing she were as sad about her widowhood as he was.

“Me too, young lady,” Buchanan said, “But anyways, I needed to make a decision to tear it down or start it up. I’m going with the starting it up, if we can find the right person to run it. I’m a rancher. I’d rather not have anything to do with the operations of a restaurant. What I would need, and am looking for here, is someone who can get it opened up, deal with the hiring, firing, etc. Make up a menu, I guess, and see if we can get it to turn a profit or not, before I go ahead and tear it down.”

Stacey wasn’t sure what to say. It was one of those things that sounded too good to be true. It would almost be like having her own business, except that she wouldn’t be the one making all the money. But, it was never about the money to her. She could do this, she knew she could. All she needed to do was convince this man that she could.

“I would love to apply for the job,” she said, “and see the place, if that would be okay?”

“Ted will take you down to see it, and if you like what you see, he can show you the house too. If it suits you, we’ll give it a shot. You get together a list of what you’re gonna need and Mauve will pick it up from you in a week or two and we’ll get going.”

Stacey wasn’t sure what she had just heard. Before she could process it, the big man was standing and offering her his hand once more. She stood as well and shook it, her head spinning a bit. As he left the room, Stacey turned to Ted and asked, “What just happened? What house?”

Ted laughed, “Mr. Buchanan is somethin’ of a no nonsense kind of guy. He gets feelings about people. He must think you’re okay, ‘cause he just offered you the job…and the house.”

“What house?” Stacey asked again, still confused.

“There’s a little house out on the edge of the property, not far from the diner. He’s offering it as part of the salary for managing the restaurant. You are not obligated to live there, it’s just, what do you call it, a perk? Anyways, the salary he’s paying you will be pretty decent if you’d rather commute, or find your own place nearby.”

“Oh, no, I’d love to see the house,” Stacey told him. She was having a hard time believing this was real, and as she was leaving the house behind Ted she made sure no one was looking and pinched herself. It hurt; she guessed that was a good thing.
The diner literally sat on the back edge of Buchanan’s property. It was a cute little place with an old time counter with colorful vinyl seats bolted to the floor around it. The equipment was all new, the floors and walls shiny and bright. Stacey was so excited she could hardly contain herself. Ted suggested they walk “up the road a piece” and see the house. It was a pretty little cottage type home with two small bedrooms, a bathroom, kitchen and small office. The small yard was fenced and had rose bushes growing on either side of the walk. Stacey wanted to pinch herself again. Her luck just wasn’t this good. She was waiting for the other shoe to drop.

“So what do you think?” Ted asked her.

“I think I’m dreaming,” Stacey said, without thinking, and then said, “I’m sorry, it’s just all so lovely, more than I was hoping for, that’s for sure.”

“Can I take that to mean you accept the job?” Ted asked.

“Absolutely!” Stacey said, feeling better than she had in literally months. She felt a little prickle at her back and told her imaginative self, “See there, the wings are growing back.”

She and Ted discussed salary, and how many people Stacey could hire to help her run the place. Before he left, he actually handed her the keys to the restaurant, and the house. Stacey was so afraid that she was going to roll over and wake up. 

Stacey walked back down the road to where they had left her car, near the diner. She was daydreaming about what her life would be like now. Free to make decisions with no one telling her she was “too simple” to be able to run a business on her own. She knew it was just a silly little diner, and she wasn’t convinced that there were enough people in this little town to keep it afloat, but she intended to give it her best shot.

She thought about Victoria as she walked, and wondered if she had any experience in waiting tables. At the very least, maybe she could give her a cashier or dishwasher position, and thus fulfill her promise to help the girl.

Lost in her thoughts, Stacey didn’t notice the broken piece of fence just off to her right. She also didn’t notice the large bull with the four-foot long horns on either side of his head standing in the road in front of her, until she was nearly face to face with him. She screamed, and the big animal snorted, blowing green snot at her as he did. Stacey started to back up slowly, knowing enough about animals to know that if she ran it may spook him further. 

The bull pawed at the ground with one foot in what looked to Stacey like an aggressive stance. He blew snot out of his large nares once more and began to advance towards her. Now this is more my luck! She thought as she ceased to care what you were supposed to do in situations like this and turned and began to run. 

After a few minutes she found an area of fence that looked taller than the bull and kicking off her heels, climbed up on it. She looked back then to see where he was. To her surprise there was a man on a horse with a rope flung over the bulls horns. She hadn’t even heard him approach. He looked towards her and said, “Stay there for a minute, I’ve about got him.”

Stacey only nodded and watched as the cowboy wrangled with the bull, having to re-rope him several times before he finally got him back through the broken fence. Leaning down to take the rope off the animal’s horns and giving him a firm slap on the butt, the cowboy said, “Now go on, git!” The bull took off across the pasture at a pace that Stacey was thankful he hadn’t approached her at. 

The cowboy looked back over at her and said, “You can come down now.”

It was only then that she realized how silly she must look in her business suit and stocking feet, up on the second rail of a fence. She looked back at the cowboy. She wasn’t sure, but she thought she detected a hint of an amused look on his face. 

“Do you need some help down?” he asked, still rooted on his horse in the same spot where he had sent to cow off running.

“No, thank you, I’m fine,” Stacey said, somewhat in a huff. Now she knew he was amused. The big lug had a huge grin on his face as he watched her climb down. 

She slipped her shoes back on and continued on her walk back to her car. She had to pass him on the way, and deciding to use her manners she said, “Thank you for your help.”

The cowboy only tipped his well-worn hat at her and continued to grin. Stacey willed herself to keep walking, but the adrenaline rush had brought her emotions to the surface, and this cowboy making fun of her was just too much for her to let go.

“May I ask you what is so darn funny?” she asked as she stopped and looked up at him.

“Sorry,” he said without a trace of remorse, “Just never found a lady standing up on my fence before.”

Stacey had to smile in spite of herself, “I guess I did look a little silly.” 

“I reckon you did,” the cowboy told her, making her a little mad all over again.

“Well, thank you again,” she said as she turned to leave.

She didn’t look back, but she could feel him sitting there looking at her until she had walked far enough to be out of sight. Her pulse had returned to normal by the time she reached her car, and she was able to shake off the bull incident and the cowboy, and let the excitement about the day seep back in.

***

Stacey spent the next several weeks getting moved into her new place and making preparations to open the restaurant. She had several meetings with Ted, and he reported back to Mr. Buchanan whom he said was pleased with her progress thus far. She had spoken to Victoria about taking a waitress position until her pregnancy got too advanced. The young girl was delighted at the idea. She didn’t have much experience, but was enthusiastic. Although Stacey told herself it was silly to take on the guilt of what her late husband had done to her, she still somehow felt she owed something to the girl. 

She advertised in a local paper for one more waitresses and a cook. She ultimately hired an older woman, Edith for the waitress position. Edith had been waiting tables her whole life, and was recently let go from a job she had held for more than twenty years. She said the owners had told her that they were making cuts because of financial issues, but Edith had suspected it was to make room for younger, “hipper” staff, and ultimately attract a younger crowd. Stacey suspected the woman was right, but seeing as how the diner was a bit off the beaten track, she assumed her crowd would be mostly ranch hands and their families. Edith seemed like a good-hearted woman and Stacey assumed that after forty years of working, and raising two children on her own that she had to be a hard worker as well.

Next, she hired a cook, Manuel Chavez. Manual’s English was not so good, but Stacey and Victoria spent an entire morning sampling his cooking and it was fantastic. He could cook anything on her menu, and although she found herself completely stuffed, his food still left her wanting to taste more. Manuel introduced Stacey to his young son, Noel. Noel was only sixteen, but Manuel assured her that he was an honest, hard-working young man, and she eventually agreed to hire him as a combination bus boy and custodian.

With her staff complete, Stacey began the process of ordering food and supplies. Ted had given her some great leads on suppliers in the area, and she was able to get most of her vegetables and fruits fresh from the growers at an excellent price. Some would deliver them to her, and some she had agreed to pick up in the early morning hours before the diner opened each day. Everything was coming together nicely, and for the first time in years, Stacey felt in control of her life and completely content. She checked in with Emma by phone every day, and she seemed to be settling in at college as well.

Stacey closed up the diner the last night before they were going to open. She had spent the day there getting everything in order and ready to go. She locked up and found herself smiling on the short drive up to her little house. She knew it was silly to drive, it was a short walk, and the weather had been very nice, but she just hadn’t found the courage to walk again after the day she was almost gored by the bull. Admittedly, she was probably being a bit dramatic. “Almost gored” was stretching it, but it still made her nervous. She had seen the ranch hand that had “saved” her, several times since that day. It had always been from a distance as he was mending fences or herding cattle in the pastures that surrounded her house. One afternoon while she had been moving things into her new little home she had caught him watching her. He was sitting about three hundred yards or so away on his horse in the pasture, and when she looked at him he only tipped his hat in her direction, but didn’t look away. Stacey didn’t want to admit it, but she found him very attractive. She wasn’t interested in any kind of relationship with him or any other man, however, so she continued her work, and refused to look in his direction. After some time went by, she saw him move on out of the corner of her eye. She found herself watching him go, and when she realized it she chastised herself and mentally told herself to get over it and get back to work.

The next morning all of her staff were present, and on time for their grand opening. Manuel’s son, Noel was on Spring break, and would work full time until school resumed. He would come in after school and on weekends then, and Manuel assured her that the boy’s schoolwork would not falter because of it. Victoria told her she’d had to buy new shoes, because she had realized only yesterday that she didn’t own a pair without heels. Stacey smiled at the comfortable, but ugly waitress shoes Victoria was wearing. Both she and Edith wore the soft-blue uniform dresses that Stacey had ordered for them, and Manuel was in a crisp, white cook’s jacket. Stacey was proud of herself, and of them. She had worn a comfortable, business-like pantsuit. She wanted to look like a manger when she greeted her new customers. The staff all seemed as excited as she was to get started. When the door jangled just as she had walked away from turning the sign, they all looked anxiously towards the door as Mr. Buchanan and Ted walked in. Stacey greeted them and seated them in a booth. She made introductions between them and the staff while they waited for the western omelets they had ordered to be served.

Within half an hour, two other men had come in and Victoria was taking their orders. They both wore dusty boots and jeans and looked to be ranch workers. Mr. Buchanan and Ted had known them both by name and greeted them as they sat. Stacey introduced herself to everyone who came in that day, and did her best to make him or her all feel welcome and comfortable. Edith and Victoria were doing a great job at getting their orders out, and Manuel’s cooking received rave reviews. So far, things were exceeding her expectations for their first day open.

They were nearing the lunch hour when the door jangled and Stacey looked up from where she had been standing in back with Manuel, to see the ranch hand that had “saved” her from the longhorn bull walk in the door. She watched as he looked around the place, almost as if inspecting it. Finally, looking….satisfied…maybe? He removed his dusty old straw hat and took a seat at the counter. Victoria stepped up to him right away and handed him a menu. He thanked her and asked for a cup of coffee. Stacey was standing where she had a good view of him, but he hadn’t noticed her. She took a long look at his profile, it was the first time she had seen him without his hat. His sandy, blonde hair had a ring where his hat had sat on his head. It was trimmed around his ears, but reached the top of his collar in back. His eyes were shaded by long, extraordinarily thick lashes, and lined with tiny little crow’s feet, probably from years of working out in the sun. It made her angry with herself again to think about how nice looking he was. She waited until Victoria had poured his coffee and gone to turn his order over to Manuel before she approached him.

“Hello,” she said as she stepped up to the counter where he sat. “My name is Stacey Martinez, I’m the manager.” 

The cowboy glanced up at her, grinned like they shared an inside joke, and said, “Hey.”

Stacey stood there for a moment, waiting for more, but that was it. She felt her face flush hot and turned to walk away so he would be unable to see the color flood her cheeks. What was wrong with him anyways? All of the other men she had introduced herself to today had been friendly and welcomed her to their town. For some reason, every time she met this man he infuriated her. She went back to her office to get some paperwork done. She wanted to make herself scarce until he was gone.

***

Stacey was still in her office an hour later when Victoria poked her head in.

“Stacey, Mr. Buchanan’s son is here. He wants to meet you.”

“Sure, I’ll be right out.” Stacey smoothed her hair and headed out front. She caught herself glancing towards the counter where the cowboy had sat earlier. He was gone, and for some reason that she didn’t understand, that irritated her as well. She made her way to the cashier’s stand where the nice looking, nicely dressed man stood waiting. She assumed this was Mr. Buchanan’s son. 

“Hi, I’m Stacey,” she said, extending her right hand. The man removed his black Stetson hat and took her hand, shaking it firmly. 

“Well, hello, Ms. Martinez. I’m Nate Buchanan, Bobby’s son.”

“I’m pleased to meet you,” Stacey said, taking back her hand and finding herself thinking, Now that is how you introduce yourself to someone. 

“My dad told me what a great job you did getting this place opened. I wanted to see it for myself. I don’t know if he told you, but this place was a dream of sorts for my mama before she passed on.”

“Thank you,” Stacey said, “And, yes, he did tell me. I’m sorry for your loss. I’m glad I could be a part of this, though. It seemed important to your dad as well.”

“Yes, mama was everything to him. Me and my brother Owen…well, let’s just say when mama was alive we were daddy’s afterthought.” 

The man’s eyes seemed to cloud over a bit when he said that, but seeming to realize he had said more than he meant to, he flashed a brilliant smile and said, “I’m glad you’re here, and I wanted to give you my card in case I could ever be of any assistance to you.”

He handed her a business card and Stacey looked at it. It said…Nate Buchanan, lead salesman, Buchanan Stock Yards.

“Well, Mr. Buchanan, I thank you very much and I am pleased to have met you. I hope I’ll be able to meet your brother as well?”

“Please, call me Nate,” he said, “And as for Owen, I’m surprised he hasn’t been in yet. Nothing that boy likes more than breakfast.”

Stacey smiled, “Well, hopefully he’ll make it in soon.”

Nate stayed for lunch, thanked Stacey again and she watched him leave in a shiny, black Cadillac. He reminded her a bit of Edward, well dressed, oozing with charm. It gave her a sick little feeling in the pit of her stomach, and she had to remember that every man who dressed nicely and had manners was not hiding a monster inside. 

***

The next day as Stacey was helping Victoria and Edith serve a full breakfast crowd she was delighted to look up and see Emma come through the door of the diner.

“Emma! You didn’t tell me you were coming!” Stacey said as she hugged her daughter.

“I wanted to surprise you. I had the day off from school so a friend of mine and I took the train. He’s making a phone call, he’ll be right in.”

“He?” Stacey said with a raised eyebrow as she led Emma to a booth and sat down with her.

“Don’t read anything into it, Mama. We’re only friends.”

“I didn’t say anything.”

“You don’t have to, I can read you mind.” Emma told her with a smile.

Stacey jumped up and said, “Let me get you something to drink and a menu. Do you want coffee or soda?”

“Sure, Mom, coffee would be great. Make it two please; I’m sure Greg would like a cup too.”

Stacey went to pour the coffee and grab them a menu. She saw a young, handsome man come in through the door and sit down across from Emma. She watched the look on Emma’s face as she looked at him, and knew that her daughter had underestimated their relationship. “She’s a grown woman, Stacey,” she told herself, “You have to learn to let her live her own life.”

“Is that your daughter?” Victoria asked her, suddenly at her side.

“Wow, you’re stealth in those new shoes,” Stacey said with a laugh, “I didn’t hear you coming. Yes, that’s my Emma.”

“She’s beautiful, you’re lucky.” Victoria said, sincerely.

“Yes, she is, and I am. You’ll know the feeling soon enough,” Stacey told her with a pat to the girl’s belly.

“I hope I can pull it all off,” Victoria told her, “I’m not sure what kind of parent I will be.”

“You’ll do fine. None of us have a clue until it happens,” Stacey told her. “But what we lack in experience we just make up for in love.”

Stacey took the coffee and menus over to the kids. Emma introduced her to Greg and invited her to sit again. She slid in next to Emma. 

“So, Greg, you’re a student also?”

“Yes, ma’am,” he said with a thick southern accent that Stacey was trying to place as he said, “I moved to Arkansas a few years back from Georgia with my mama. She took a job there after my daddy and her divorced.”

“What are you studying?” she asked.

“Electrical engineering,” he said, “I’ve always been fascinated with electricity. I think it’s because when I was real little, we lived up in the hills and didn’t have electricity. When we moved down to town and had a switch you could flip up for lights, I thought we must have won the lottery.”

Stacey smiled; she could see why Emma liked this boy. He had an easy way about him and he didn’t seem like he was trying to impress anyone. He was just being himself, and Stacey liked that. 
 
“How long are you staying?” Stacey asked Emma.

“We have to be back tomorrow. There’s a train that leaves late tonight, or one early in the morning. I just wanted to see you, and your new place, and make sure you’re really okay.”

Stacey put her arm around Emma and gave her a hug. “I am really okay. I’m so glad you came. You can both stay at the house with me tonight. It’s small, you’ll have to bunk with me, and Greg will get the couch, but I’d love it if you could stay!”

Emma looked at Greg who nodded and said, “Then we’d love to, thank you, Mama!”

Stacey let them eat, and then told Victoria she was going to take a short break and asked her to look after things. They all got into Stacey’s car, and when she drove up to the cottage and turned off the ignition, Emma laughed, “Mom, really? You’ve always been ‘Ms. Heart Healthy’; I can’t believe you drive to work. It couldn’t be more than a five minute walk!”

“There are wild beasts who roam these back roads,” Stacey said, not quite kidding. “A girl can never be too careful.”

Greg nodded, as if he agreed, and Emma only laughed at her again. She knew there had to be more to the story, but would wait until Stacey was ready to tell it. As she stepped out of the car she said, “Wow! If that’s one of the wild beasts, I think I’d take my chances.”

Stacey turned to look at what Emma was talking about and saw the rude cowboy out in the pasture near her cottage. He was off of his horse, holding on to the reins. He was facing them, but didn’t seem to notice they were watching him. He looked like he was talking to a cow. He was bent slightly forward towards the cow that sat in the grass, and was even using his free hand to gesture and possibly…get his point across? Stacey raised an eyebrow, and shrugging it off told Emma, “He’s a wild beast, alright. Not a manner, that one. I’d bet he was probably raised with the wolves! Let’s go on in and I’ll get you two settled. I only have a few more hours at the diner and then I’d love to make you both some dinner tonight.”

“Sounds great, Mom,” Emma said this to Stacey, but stood rooted to her spot, still watching the cowboy. Greg came around to stand next to her and said, “Is he talking to that cow?”

“I believe he is,” Emma said with a smile and a look of admiration. Stacey grabbed their bags from the car and said, “Come on in, I’ll give you the two dollar tour.”

When she had finished getting them settled she left to return to the diner, promising to come home in time to make them a home cooked chicken dinner. She couldn’t help herself, as she got in her car she looked to see if the cowboy was still there. He was, and now he was down on one knee, stroking the cows’ head between its massive long horns. Stacey shook her head, “He must be crazy, as well as rude,” she thought to herself. 

***

Stacey spent a few more hours at work, and then left Edith and Victoria to close up shop so she could get home to Emma and Greg. She was happy to have some company. She hadn’t even realized she’d been lonely lately until she had seen Emma walk in the door. She was smiling as she drove up in front of the cottage, but as she started up to the door she noticed that now, not only was the cowboy still squatting down near the large bull, but so were Emma and Greg!

Stacey walked closer to the fence and yelled, “Emma Lynn Martinez!”

The cowboy and Greg both glanced up in her direction, and at the sound of her full name, Emma rose and started towards her mother.

“Yes, Mama?”

“Don’t you ‘yes Mama’ me, young lady! What are you doing out there? That thing is huge! It could crush you, or gore you with one of those big horns!”

“He’s sick, Mama. Owen was waiting with him until the vet gets here. He’s coming from Austin and it’s taking him awhile. Owen didn’t want him wandering off.”

“Owen?”

“Yes, Mama, That’s the ranch hand’s name. He’s a really nice man, and he does too have manners,” Emma said this last with a smile.

“Did he tell you about me and the bull?” Stacey said with an irritated glance in his direction.

Emma laughed, “Yes, he did. I would think you’d be more grateful to him. Instead you seem to dislike him, Mama. You didn’t even know his name.”

“That could be because he was too rude to give it to me the day I gave him mine,” Stacey said indignantly.

“He’s a little quiet is all, Mama. You should give him a chance. He’s very nice looking, and about your age…”

“Okay, missy-matchmaker, that’s enough! I’m going inside to start dinner. You keep your distance from that thing!”

“Which thing is that, Mama? The cow or the cowboy?” Emma asked with a grin.

“Both!” Stacey said as she turned and walked towards the house. She was smiling though. Emma was always able to get her to smile.

Stacey changed her clothes into a comfortable jogging suit and started preparing the chicken. While she was washing it and rubbing it with spices she couldn’t help but wonder where she had heard the name Owen recently. She knew the cowboy hadn’t given it to her himself. All she had gotten out of him that day was a “Hey,” and a nod. She was sure she had heard it somewhere this week though. She just couldn’t remember where. She finally convinced herself it wasn’t important, turned on some music and poured herself a glass of wine. After she put the chicken in the oven she went into the living room to look out on Emma and make sure the bull hadn’t gored her.

They were all still there, but now there was another man as well. Stacey assumed he was the vet since there was also a truck and trailer parked in her driveway that said: Buchanan Stock Yards on the side of it. “Oh my goodness!” Stacey thought to herself, “That’s where I heard the name! Nate said his brother’s name was Owen.” She glanced back out the window, at the cowboy in the dusty boots and the hat that looked as if he’d been wearing it since grade school. “That couldn’t be him. He must just have the same first name. There is no way those two are brothers.”

Emma and Greg stayed outside and watched the cowboy and the veterinarian coerce the bull into the back of the trailer while Stacey finished making dinner. They were both exuberant and talkative when they finally came in.

“That was really something!” Greg was saying, “Did you hear the way he talked to that bull? It was like he’s the cow whisperer or something!”

Emma giggled, “The cow whisperer?”

“You know what I mean!” Greg said, laughing at himself. “It was just real impressive to watch.”

“It was cool,” Emma agreed. 

Stacey told them to wash up for dinner and began setting the table. Emma came back in and helped her finish setting the food out, and they all sat down to eat.

Stacey spent the dinner getting caught up with Emma about how her classes were going, how she liked her roommate, and what there was to do in Arkansas. It was good being with family, Stacey thought. She had never had a real family growing up. Her parents had divorced when she was very young, and her father had moved across the country. Stacey had only seen him a few times since then. Her mother worked hard to make sure Stacey had all of the material things she needed, but Stacey often wished she had a mother that stayed at home like her friends did. Their relationship was always a bit strained; they never seemed to know what to say to each other when they did spend any time together. When Stacey found out she was pregnant with Emma, her mother had told her, “Good luck; I’ve already done my time. I’m not doing yours.”

Stacey had a full time job and got her own place before Emma was born. She and her mother spoke on the phone once or twice a month, and she would take Emma over to see her on holidays for the next few years, but their relationship never got any better. Then, when Emma was only three years old, Stacey’s mom was killed in a head-on collision with a drunk driver. She remembers feeling guilty at her funeral too, like she had at Edward’s. It wasn’t because she was happy to be free of her, like she had been with Edward. It was that she realized only then all of the sacrifices her mother must have made for her, and wished she had been more grateful for that while she was alive.

Stacey brought her thoughts back to the present, and looking at Emma now, smiling and seemingly content with life, Stacey had to admit she owed Edward some of the credit for that. Had she not met and married him, she may have had to work as much as her own mother had to support Emma, and they might not be so close today. She reminded herself to say a prayer tonight for his soul, to at least thank him for that much.

Stacey and Emma stayed up long after Greg had fallen asleep. They sat on Stacey’s bed and talked about old times, and about the future. Emma told Stacey all about college, her classes, her roommate, and social activities that Emma had been involving herself in. Stacey told Emma about the diner, and her new friends, Edith, Manuel and Noel. She eventually made it around to Victoria. Stacey had given thought to not sharing the fact that Victoria had been Edward’s mistress, and was now carrying his child. She had decided, however, that it was inevitable Emma would find out if she came to visit often, and Stacey didn’t want her to feel as if she had been lied to.

“Do you remember the younger waitress, Victoria, from the diner today?”

“Yes, the really pretty girl. Greg’s eyes kept popping out of his head every time she walked by.”

Stacey smiled, “Yes, Vicki seems to have that effect on most men. I need to tell you something about her. It’s a little hard for me, because I know how you felt about your Pops.”

“What does she have to do with Pop?” Emma asked, confused now.

“Remember the day the will was read?”

“Of course, it was an awful day, actually. I’m still angry at him for the situation he left you in.”

“Well,” Stacey said, trying to give Emma the news as gently as possible, “I met Victoria that day, before I went to Grunwald’s office. She came to the house, and told me that she had been seeing your Pops, and that she is also pregnant with his baby.”

Emma turned pale, and she didn’t say anything for a minute or two. At last she said, “Are you sure, Mama? I mean do you believe her? Maybe she was just looking for money?”

“I believe her, sweetheart. There was a lot you didn’t know about your Pops. I didn’t want you to know. I didn’t want my issues with him to affect the way you felt about him. You two were so close, and you needed that.”

“He cheated on you…. before her?” Emma asked, piecing it together.

“Yes, honey. Edward didn’t even try to hide his infidelity from me towards the end.”

Emma hugged her, and then pulling back to look at Stacey’s face she said, “Mama, I’m so sorry he treated you like that. I really didn’t know. You two always seemed happy to me. I feel like I must have been awfully…. selfish not to notice.”

“No, baby. You have never been selfish. You were young and living life, as a young person should. You didn’t need to know or worry about grown up problems. That’s why I kept all of this from you. I never liked being dishonest with you, but Edward gave you a much better life than I would have been able to give you on my own, and I didn’t want you to resent him for what he and I were going through personally. He truly loved you, like you were his own.”

Emma only nodded and hugged her again. Before they fell asleep that night, Emma said, “Mama, will you promise me one thing?”

“Sure, baby, anything.”

“Will you promise me that you will remember that you deserve better than that, and you won’t let anyone treat you the way he did again, for any reason?”

“I promise baby. I love you.”

“I love you to the moon, Mama.”

CHAPTER 4

The next morning Stacey left Emma asleep in her room and Greg asleep on the couch to go pick up her fresh fruits and vegetables from the local farmers as she did early every day before opening the diner. She also needed to pick up Vicki from Edith’s while she was out. Edith had kindly offered the girl a room in her home when she heard that Victoria was pregnant, and losing her own. They seemed to be becoming great friends and Emma was happy for them both. Her little group of employees were very quickly becoming like a little family. 

With the car loaded full of aromatic fruits and crisp, fresh vegetables, Stacey pulled up to the curb in front of Edith’s house. Before she could get out, Victoria came out the front door and down the walk towards the car. 

“Good morning,” Stacey said as Victoria stepped in the car.

“Hi,” Victoria said in reply, making Stacey wonder if she was okay. Victoria was never one for one-word replies. The past few mornings, Stacey’s “good morning” had been met with a fifteen minute long monologue about how the day was going thus far.

“Everything okay?” Stacey asked.

“What?” Victoria asked, looking as if she had been lost in thought.

“I just asked if you were alright. You seem a little distant this morning.”

“Oh, yes, I’m fine,” was all the girl said.

Stacey decided to let it go. After all, she didn’t know Victoria all that well yet, and it wasn’t her place to pry.

When they arrived back at the diner, Manuel and Noel were both already there, hard at work. Stacey had given Edith the morning off to take care of some personal business, so she was going to help Victoria with the waitressing today. She had left a note for Emma and Greg to come down to the diner when they woke up, and have some breakfast. 

Just after they opened, the regular crowd of ranch hands and farmers merged in for their early morning omelets and coffee, including Owen the “cow whisperer.” Remembering Greg’s name for him made her smile. Nate Buchanan came in just a few minutes after him. When Stacey looked up and saw him coming through the door, she thought, “Well, I guess this will answer the question of whether or not they are brothers.”

Nate shook hands with a few of the farmers on his way in and waved greetings at the ranch hands. Owen was shoveling through a plate of scrambled eggs and hash browns. He barely looked up and gave the other man a lift of his chin. Nate seemed to lift his back slightly, and then continued on to the counter as if the two were only slightly acquainted. “Well, I guess I was right. Same name, but I’m sure Owen Buchanan is a very different person,” Stacey told herself. 

Nate was dressed sharply again as he had been on the first day Stacey had met him. He wore a bolero tie with a turquoise clip and a matching turquoise band on his black Stetson hat. Stacey sat a cup in front of him and poured him a coffee.

“Good morning, Mr. Buchanan. How are you today?”

“I would be better if you would call me Nate,” he said with flash of perfectly straight, startlingly white teeth.

“Well then, Nate, let’s start over…How are you today?”

“I am doing well, thank you, Stacey. I had to stop by and drop off some things for my Dad. I thought I would stop in and see how things were going here.” He glanced around and said, “I see that you seem to have a full crowd. They all look fat and happy too, even my little brother.”

“Your little brother?” Stacey asked, not hiding her shock.

“Yes, Owen? Surely he’s introduced himself?”

“Um, yes, kind of. He never mentioned his last name though…so I didn’t put it together.”

Nate laughed, “Yeah, him and me get that a lot. He’s got Mom’s blonde hair and green eyes. I got Dad’s darker look.”

“Yeah, that was it,” Stacey said, acting as if the looks were what she thought separated them, and then Nate went on, “Not to mention he insists on running around acting like he’s just another ranch hand, instead of the son of one of the richest men in Texas.” 

Stacey saw that same cloud pass through Nate’s dark eyes that she had seen the first day when he had spoken about his father. Again, it passed quickly and he flashed that thousand watt smile at her saying, “To each his own, I suppose, right?”

“Right,” Stacey said before leaving to go fill more coffee cups along the counter. 

***

Emma and Greg finally showed up about ten. Stacey had been keeping an eye on Victoria all morning. She was doing her job well, but without her usual enthusiasm, and Stacey was worried about her. She wanted to ask Emma not to say anything to her about what they had talked about. She wasn’t sure the girl was up for it. Before Stacey could intercept her, however, Victoria had already stepped up to their table with menus and coffee pot in hand. 

“How y’all doing today?” Stacey heard her ask.

“Good,” Emma said, “We had a great visit with my Mama. How is your day going?”

Stacey needn’t have worried. She had raised her girl well. It seemed that Emma knew this wouldn’t be the time or place to have that discussion.

“I’ve had better, sweetie,” was all Victoria said before pouring their coffee, setting down two menus, and walking away to take another order. 

Stacey went over and sat down with Emma. “Glad you two finally made it,” she said, and then pretended not to notice the guilty look the two of them exchanged briefly. “Just friend’s my ass!” she thought, but didn’t say so. “Are you two hungry?”

“Starved!” Greg said, not realizing that his hunger only served to fuel Stacey’s suspicions as to why it took them so long to make it to the diner this morning.

“What can I have Manuel make for you?” she asked, a little less enthusiastically than she had planned.

“You okay, Mama?” Emma asked.

“I’m fine, honey. What do you want to eat?”

They gave her their order, and as she was going to give it to Manuel, Nate beckoned her over. “Stacey, I hope you won’t take this as me being too forward, but I wanted to ask you something.”

“Sure, Nate, what is it?” she asked, turning to hang the order on the turnstile as he continued to speak, “I was hoping you might agree to go to a Cattleman’s dinner with me this Friday night,” he said before she turned around. She was glad for that, because she was sure her expression registered some shock. She had only just met this man. She did find it a little forward that he was asking her out, already.

Stacey turned around to look at him, “Well, Nate, I don’t know…” she began.

“Before you say no, let me just say that I’m asking because I thought it would be a great opportunity for you to meet some more of the locals, and network the business a little more.”

Stacey thought that over. She had to admit that a little networking couldn’t hurt. “Well, since you put it that way,” she said with a smile, “I’d love to.”

“Fantastic,” he said, standing up and dropping a tip on the counter. “I’ll touch base with you again before then and give you the details.”

“Okay then, thank you,”

“No, thank you,” Nate said, with a look into her eyes that lasted just a bit too long for Stacey’s comfort.

***

Edith arrived to work in time for the lunch crowd, and Stacey left to take Greg and Emma to the train station. They had said they would take a cab, but Stacey wanted just a little more time with her girl before she left. She wasn’t sure how long it would be before either would have time for a visit again. 

She helped them load their bags and hugged Emma three times before she let her get on the train. Emma had tears in her eyes as she looked out the window and waved good-bye. Stacey said a silent prayer for God to keep her happy and safe before walking away.

That evening, Stacey finally had a few minutes alone with Victoria. “Vicki,” she said, “I don’t want to be intrusive, but I can tell that something is really bothering you today. Would you like to talk about it?”

Victoria sighed. She looked around as if to make sure no one else was listening, and then taking Stacey by the hands she led her to a nearby booth and they sat down. “I’m scared, Stacey,” the girl said, her eyes filling with tears.

“Scared of what, sweetie?” Stacey asked, reaching across the table to touch Vicki’s hand.

Vicki sighed again. “I got a letter, a few weeks back. I was a little freaked out by it, but I eventually just put it aside and went on with things. Then, last night at Edith’s house, I got a phone call…on her house line! I’ve never given anyone that number. I don’t know how they got it. How do they even know I’m staying there?”

“Okay, honey, slow down,” Stacey told her. The girl was getting worked up and not making any sense. “First let’s start with the letter. What did it say? Who was it from?”

“It only said it was from an ‘associate’ of Edward’s. It said that he owed someone a lot of money, and that he being dead wasn’t the end of it. The letter insinuated that Edward had some hidden money, and that I knew where it was. I swear, Stacey, I don’t know anything about that. That’s the biggest reason I just forgot about it. I thought they would just realize that they had made a mistake.”

“Did they threaten you in any way?”

“Not in the letter. It was just more of a strong suggestion that I should turn over the money to Edward’s lawyer, and he would know what to do with it. Like I said, though, I don’t know anything about any money.”

“So tell me about the phone call,” Stacey told her, trying to keep her voice calm.

“I got a call last night, like I said, on Edith’s home line. It was a man, and he said he wanted to talk to me about handing over the money. He wouldn’t give me his name, and he laughed when I told him I didn’t know anything about no money. He said that he had called me at home so that I would know I wasn’t able to hide from them, and that if I didn’t turn over the money to Grunwald soon, they would be ‘coming to collect’.”

Stacey could feel the line deepening between her eyebrows as her head also began to pound. Would they never be free of Edward’s bad behavior?

“Okay, honey. I’ll help you figure this out, all right? Meanwhile, are you afraid for you and Edith at the house? Do you feel safe there?”

“I think it’ll be okay. Edith has an alarm. I’ll make sure to keep it set. She has a shotgun too,” Vicki said with a smile, “and I know how to use it.”

“Please call or text me as soon as you are both home and inside safe, okay, because I’m going to worry. Let me sleep on this and we’ll talk about it again tomorrow, okay?”

Victoria seemed to feel a little better, just from the unburdening. She nodded, “I will, I promise. Thank you, Stacey. I’m still surprised that you are so nice to me.”

Stacey smiled at her, “It’s going to be okay,” Stacey told her, feeling a sudden protective surge towards Vicki and her unborn child. 

CHAPTER 5

Stacey saw Vicki and Edith off after they had closed the diner up, and said good night to Manuel and Noel who were still cleaning up. She drove to the cottage, but didn’t feel like going inside just yet. She needed to think, and walking had always helped her do that. The night was beautiful, the moon was big and bright in the sky, lighting her a safe way down the dirt path behind her house. The stars looked so beautiful out here in the country too. Stacey liked living out here. It was so much more peaceful here than it had been in the city. She was angry with Edward again. It seemed like every time she had just gotten over the discovery of the last thing he had done, there came something else to deal with. She was frightened for Victoria. She wasn’t sure what she could do, but she decided to start by calling Grunwald in the morning. If Vicki was supposed to drop off the money there, he had to know something about all of this. She needed him to tell her if these people were dangerous or not, and if she and Victoria should get the police involved perhaps. 

Stacey walked towards the beautiful lake that surrounded Buchanan’s property. She could see the lights of the grand house skipping off the water. There was a path that wound around the lake, and Stacey followed it, lost in her thoughts. Before she realized it, she almost stumbled across a man sitting in a lawn chair next to the edge of the lake with a fishing pole in his hand. 

“Excuse me,” Stacey said, catching herself before she walked right into him. “I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going.”

The man looked up from under his hat. It was Owen. “It’s okay,” he said, “But you might want to not talk so loud, you’re scaring the fish.”

Stacey couldn’t believe this man. Scaring the fish? “Well, I’ll just be on my way so you can get back to it.” She said.

“You can sit and have a beer with me if you’d like,” he said, surprising her.

“Um, well…I guess I could have one,” she said. 

Owen set his pole down and stood up to open another lawn chair for her. She sat in it, and he handed her a beer.

Sitting back down he said, “I guess I’ve never really introduced myself. My name’s Owen.”

“Yes, I know,” Stacey told him, “You’re Mr. Buchanan’s son, right?”

“Yep,” he said, and then proving that he was not much of a conversationalist he took a long swig of his beer, and left it at that.

Feeling uncomfortable in the silence, Stacey said, “It’s beautiful out here.”

“Yep,” Owen said again, and then…nothing. It exasperated her. She took a drink of her beer, and then hoping to engage him in some kind of conversation she said, “Do you live here, on the ranch?”

“Yeah,” he said, and just when she thought that was all she would get he said, “I bunk up in the guest house behind Daddy’s place.”

Stacey looked in the direction of the main house. “Your father’s house is beautiful.”

Owen looked up too. Stacey couldn’t help but notice how handsome he was in the moonlight. His green eyes looked greener out here at night, and in spite of herself, Stacey found the long, thick lashes that surrounded them extremely sexy.

“Yeah, it’s a pretty house. Daddy built it for my Mama. Unfortunately he never realized that Mama would have been just as happy with an old farmhouse. She was a simple lady. As long as her family was happy, she was.”

Stacey could see in his eyes that he still felt the loss of his mother quite deeply. It was the first sign of a human emotion he had exhibited in front of her. “Your father told me he had the diner built for her too,” she said.

Owen smiled, and that was when Stacey saw how really handsome he was. His face changed in that instant, and Stacey was attracted to him in a way she hadn’t been to any man in a very, very long time. “Mama talked about that place forever before he finally built it for her. She cooked for the ranch hands at the house every morning. Daddy used to tell her to let Cook do it, but she did it herself because she loved to. I think he finally built that place just hoping to get all those cowboys out of his kitchen.”

Owen smiled again at the thought. Stacey smiled too. “I can’t say as I blame him. That had to be a lot of muddy boot prints on the kitchen floor.”

He laughed; Stacey liked the sound of it. “They wouldn’t have dared leave a muddy print on Mama’s floor. Those old boys took their boots off at the door and ate in their socks. Not one of ‘em ever complained about it either.”

Stacey sat there with him, talking, and for long periods of time, just being quiet while he reeled in his fish or stared up at the stars. She had gotten a text message at some point from Vicki, saying that she and Edith were home and locked in, safe and sound. That took a load off her mind, and she allowed herself to just sit back at that point and enjoy Owen’s quiet company. It had seemed to her like only minutes had passed, when actually it was over two hours later, when she finally glanced at the time on her phone, and realized how late it was getting.

“Oh my goodness,” she said, “I didn’t realize how the time had passed. I better get going or I won’t get up in time for work tomorrow.” As she stood up, Owen stood too. 

“It was nice talking to you. Thank you for the beer,” she said. 

“You’re welcome,” he said. When he didn’t say anything else she said, “Okay then, well, goodnight,” and started to walk away. She realized then that he had stood up because he intended to walk with her. She started to protest, but in all honesty she was impressed by his gallantry and not ready to part his company. When they reached the cottage, she said goodnight again, and when he muttered, “Night,” and tipped his hat, she found it endearing, and not the least bit rude as she might have before. She realized then that Emma had been right, and although he was quiet, he seemed to be a really nice man whom she should probably give a chance.

***

After running her morning errands the next day, Stacey called Lucious Grunwald’s office.

“Stacey,” he said, “How nice to hear from you. I’ve been wondering how you were getting on.”

“Were you?” Stacey asked, somewhat sarcastically, “I need to ask you something, Lucious. I want to know what trouble Edward was into, and with whom?”

“I’m not sure I know what you’re talking about, Stacey,” the lawyer said.

“Come on Lu, you’re the only one besides myself who knew the real him. He was no saint, we both know that. But now, the little girl he knocked up before he died is getting some scary phone calls and letters about money he supposedly left behind. Don’t deny knowing anything about this, Lu. They told her to take the money to you. I want to know the truth. What is going on? What did he get involved with?”

There was silence on the other end while Stacey assumed the lawyer was trying to think of how to word what he was about to say in order to lay as little of the responsibility on himself as possible. 

“Stacey, I honestly don’t know what all he was into. I know he was gambling, a lot. He was also borrowing money from some pretty shady people. Right before he died, he told me he had hit some big jackpot or other. I don’t know any more than that about it, I swear. But, a few weeks ago, I got a call too. It was from a man who identified himself as Ray. He said that a girl would be dropping off a package that one of my clients, namely Edward, had left with her. It was something that belonged to this man, and I should call him when I received it. I haven’t heard any more about it, Stacey. I promise you. I actually all but forgot about it until you called.”

Stacey didn’t know whether to believe him or not. If she had to say so, she’d say that he was probably not being one hundred percent honest, but she didn’t think pressing him further about that would help. Instead, she said, “Lu, do you think these people are dangerous? Should Victoria be worried?”

“I don’t know Stacey,” he said, and then hanging himself as far as Stacey was concerned he said, “Does she have the money?”

“No, do you have this man’s number, so I can call him myself?” she asked.

“Uh...No, I actually remember now that he said he would call me back.”

“I hope you’re not involved in anything illegal, Lu. I’d hate to see you lose your license and everything you’ve worked for,” Stacey told him before hanging up.

She didn’t feel like she had really gotten anywhere. She decided to ask Victoria if she still had the letter they sent, and if so, they should take it to the police. She wouldn’t have a problem either sending them to question Lucious. As far as lawyers go, Stacey had always found him to be among the slimier ones. His involvement hadn’t surprised her at all. Stacey was no detective, and Edward had given her enough headaches over the years. It was high time to let someone else deal with it. 

The rest of the week went by smoothly. Victoria hadn’t heard anything more from the men about the money. She had told Stacey she had thrown away the letter when she’d moved. Without that evidence, Stacey figured the police wouldn’t do much, so they settled on taking a wait-and-see approach. 

Business at the diner was steady, and Stacey’s first meeting with Ted regarding profits went very well. He told her how pleased Mr. Buchanan was with what he was hearing about the place, and that he would be doubly happy that Stacey had also been able to make it turn a profit. 

Stacey saw Owen a few more times that week too. He came in daily for breakfast, and although he still wasn’t any more talkative, he did offer her a smile each time he came in, and would tip his hat towards her before he left. The butterflies she felt in her stomach each time made her feel like a silly schoolgirl, but she told herself it was harmless. In the meantime, she had heard from Nate to finalize their plans for Friday and she had found herself wishing she were going to the dinner with his brother instead.

Stacey had gone into the city on Thursday afternoon and bought herself a new dress for the dinner. Nate had told her that it was a formal event, held at the home of one of the wealthiest oil barons in Texas. Stacey wanted to make a good impression, especially if she hoped to garner publicity for the diner. She picked out a dark blue cocktail dress that fit snugly in the bodice and flared out at the waist. The skirt was cut in a scallop pattern and adorned with lace that fell just above her knee. She chose a pair of black heels and hose and a small black leather clutch purse to go with it. She planned to wear the diamond and sapphire necklace and earrings that Edward had bought her for their fifth wedding anniversary to top it all off. The jewelry was part of a small collection she had chosen to keep rather than to sell when she had cleaned out the estate.

She left work early on Friday to get ready. Victoria and Edith made her promise to report back about what everyone there was wearing, and who had shown up with whom. Vicki didn’t know who was who in town yet, but Edith had been around here for almost 70 years, and she loved to gossip. 

By the time Nate arrived in his big, black car, Stacey was ready to go.

“Wow,” was what he said when she opened the door. “You look beautiful, Stacey.”

“Thank you,” she said, happy that her efforts had not gone unnoticed.

“You’ll be the belle of the ball,” he told her as he held out his arm for her to take. 

“You look very nice too,” she said, honestly. Nate was wearing a black tuxedo, with another bolero tie. This one was adorned with a gold slider, and his hatband matched it as well. His boots were black and shiny, and when he took off his hat to slide into the car Stacey noticed there wasn’t a hair out of place.

They drove further out into the country until they came to a long driveway that was lined in a beautiful rock fence. The brass ardor above the driveway said: Denton Oil. When they got close to the house, Stacey could see that it was actually a mansion. There was a marble staircase that led up to the front door, and gorgeous stone fountains adorned each side, shooting out streams of colored water. 

After turning the car over to the valets, and ascending the large staircase, they were greeted at the door by the hostess herself, Mrs. Denton. Stacey could tell that the dress the woman wore was probably worth more than Stacey would make this entire year, and the rope of diamonds around her neck didn’t even come close to outshining the rock on the ring finger of her left hand.

She greeted Nate warmly, and she seemed to be genuine when he introduced Stacey and she welcomed her to their home.

“Stanley is flitting around here somewhere,” she said, talking about her husband Stacey assumed. “He’s probably got some poor sap cornered, talking about his favorite subject, oil,” she said with a smile. 

Stacey and Nate thanked her, and made their way inside. There must have been over two hundred people in the room. It was definitely big enough to hold them all. The ceilings spanned at least thirty feet, and the largest French doors Stacey had ever seen opened up to a patio and what looked from here like acres or even miles of perfect lawn. Professional looking servers all dressed in black were making the rounds with hor d'oeuvres and flutes of champagne.

Stacey followed Nate, her arm linked in his, as he made the rounds of the room. None of these people seemed to her to be the type to patronize her diner, but Stacey made mental notes about who was wearing what, and who was there with whom so at the very least she could use the information to make Edith and Vicki happy. Stacey also noticed that Nate hadn’t actually mentioned the diner or that she was the manager of it once since they had been there. One of the wives asked Nate where he had met Stacey, and he actually just said, “Through my Daddy.” Stacey was sure after only a short time that his spiel about marketing the diner was just a ruse to get her to agree to come to this dinner. 

They eventually found their table. They were seated with two other couples, both of whom Nate knew. One of the couples was from Dallas, and the man was the son of one of the Cattlemen that was up for an award tonight. The woman was young, and beautiful. She nodded her head at Stacey when they were introduced, but that was the only acknowledgment she would give her the entire night. The other couple was older, the man himself the owner of a stockyard out of Austin. The woman was laden with diamonds as Mrs. Deming had been, and like the younger woman, had no interest in conversation with Stacey. Dinner started out with a lobster bisque soup which was incredible. Stacey found herself wishing she was able to ask the cook for the recipe. Next, a salad was served, and then finally an entrée of Prime rib and loaded baked potato. The steak was so juicy and tender; it literally melted in her mouth. Stacey had been to a lot of formal dinners as the wife of a doctor over the years, but she had to say that this was the best dinner she had ever been served. As the night wore on, Stacey soon realized that dinner had been the best of it. She got plenty of flirts and stares from the men, most of them old enough to be her father. One old drunk had even invited her upstairs with him while Nate was out of ear shot. She hadn’t said anything, not wanting to make a scene. Instead she just walked away, and hoped he was too drunk to remember her, if she ever ran into him again. None of the women were very friendly. They seemed to be of only two types: The new, young trophy wife who could probably borrow clothes and shoes from some of their grand daughters, and the old, rich, and probably perpetually cheated on wives who only acted bored with the whole affair. Stacey was figuring out quickly that this was not her type of crowd, even if she were to fit in. 

Nate seemed to be having a great time. He talked to everyone, and reminded Stacey a little of a politician. He seemed to spend the evening shaking hands and slapping backs. Stacey had the feeling that had there been babies present, he would have been kissing them. 

She stuck it out for a few hours, but then grew tired of watching these people all play the political games that rich people do. Nate was over at another table, talking with a much older couple. When she was able to catch his eye she beckoned him over.

“I’m very sorry; Nate, but I have a terrible headache. I think I will call a cab and go on home now it you don’t mind too much?”

Nate’s expression was hard for her to read. She didn’t know if he was angry or sad that she wanted to leave. He didn’t say anything for a few moments, and then said, “Are you sure you want to go? I could probably have one of the staff find you some aspirin or something.”

“Thank you, Nate. I appreciate that, but yes, I’m sure I would rather just go.”

“Well then, I’ll take you home,” he said

“Oh no, please. I wouldn’t want you to have to leave early. I can call a taxi. It will be fine.”

“No way are you going home in a cab. I brought you here, I will drive you home.” he said firmly. “Let me just go say goodbye to the Dentons.” 

“Of course,” Stacey said, and before she could offer to go with him and do the same, he was gone. 

Stacey waited for him to come back for over half an hour. When he didn’t, she finally fished her phone out of her purse and called for a cab. She told the dispatcher that she would meet the cab at the end of the driveway. She asked the older woman at the table to let Nate know she had gone home, and she left.

Stacey’s cell phone rang when the cab was about half a mile from her house. It was Nate, asking why she hadn’t waited for him.

“I’m sorry, Nate. My head was just hurting so bad, and you had been gone for a while. I just didn’t want to wait any longer.”

Nate told her he understood, but didn’t sound as if he really did. Stacey thanked him again for taking her, and to be nice, told him she’d had a good time until her headache had come on. 

“Maybe we can do something another time?” he asked.

Again, to be polite, she said, “Sure, that would be nice.”

As the cab was pulling in front of her home, Stacey caught sight of a horse and rider out of the corner of her eye.  She stepped out and turned around to pay the driver, and when she turned back around, there was Owen on his horse.

“Oh my goodness!” she said, “You startled me.”

Owen laughed, “You startle a little easy, don’t ya?”

“You just seem to keep popping up in places where I’m not expecting you,” Stacey told him.

“I was riding by and saw you drive in. Just wanted to say, hey.”

“Hey then,” Stacey said with a smile.

“You look awfully fancy tonight.” Owen said.

“I went to the Cattleman’s dinner…with your brother,” she told him.

Owen laughed again, but didn’t say anything.

“What’s so funny?” she asked.

“Nothin’, just wondering why my brother would let a beautiful lady take a cab home from their date.”

“It wasn’t a date!” she said, and then, “And it was my idea to take the cab. I wasn’t feeling well and I didn’t want Nate to have to leave early.”

“Didn’t cotton much to all those snobs, huh?”

Stacey smiled, “My head just hurt, that’s all.”

“Well then, I best be gettin’ on so you can take an aspirin and lie down.”

He started to turn the horse around, and before Stacey could stop herself she said, “It’s actually feeling a lot better now. I was thinking about making some coffee. Would you like to stay for a cup?”

He stopped and seemed to think about that for a minute, and then said, “Sure, let me tie her up.”

Stacey invited Owen to have a seat while she made a pot of coffee, and changed into a pair of lounge pants and a t-shirt. She also took off all of the jewelry and wiped away the makeup. When she came back, the coffee was ready. She poured them both a cup, knowing that Owen took two sugars from his many visits to the diner. When she went back into the living room, Owen was sitting on the edge of the couch looking uncomfortable.

“It’s okay to sit back and relax,” she told him with a grin. “You look like you’re about ready to bolt.”

He smiled back at her, “I’m not much good at socializing, not sure if you’ve noticed.”

Stacey laughed aloud at that, “Really? No, I haven’t noticed at all.”

“The lady is beautiful and sarcastic too,” he said.

Stacey liked that he found her beautiful. No one had said that to her in a long time. Edward had always done his best to make her feel too fat or too old. He had actually started making her believe it a little after a while.

“There’s nothing wrong with being a little bit quiet,” she said. “I’ve known people who talk all day and never say a thing worth listening to.”

“Yeah, you just went on a date with one of them,” Owen said, laughing. Stacey threw the sofa pillow at him, and then she laughed herself.

“Your brother is a very nice man.”

“I guess it depends on your type,” Owen said. And then turning serious he said, “What is your type, Stacey?”

It was the first time she had heard him use her name. Somehow he had always avoided it in all of their meetings. The way he had said it made her feel full of butterflies again.

“It’s been so long since I’ve thought about it, I’m not sure I know anymore,” she told him honestly. 

“Well, that’s too bad,” Owen told her. He surprised her by reaching over and taking her hand, but she didn’t resist. “A lady like you should have any man that she wanted. Somebody musta done a number on you, huh?”

She was surprised at how perceptive he was. She had definitely given him way too little credit when they first met. When he leaned back into the couch, Stacey leaned back with him, and he slipped his arm around her shoulders. She laid her head on his strong shoulder and breathed in the scent of him. It had been so long since she’d felt desire like this. They sat that way for a long time. At last, Owen said, “I probably should get going. I’m not sure you should trust me to stay any longer.”

His honesty was so endearing. Stacey looked up at him with a smile and, returning the honesty she said, “I’m not sure I care.”

That was all he needed. His lips were on hers in an instant, and the arm that had been around her shoulders was now being used to lift her up into his lap. Stacey’s body was suddenly feeling things it had never felt before. Owen’s lips didn’t leave hers as his hands slipped up the back of her shirt and found her warm skin. Within moments of his fingers tracing her spine and the calluses on his palms gently grazing her back, she felt like she was on fire. 

Stacey reluctantly took her lips from his and stood up, reaching her hand out to him and lifting him up. He stood, allowing his hat to fall back onto the couch and followed her into her bedroom. As they stepped up near the bed she felt him at her back, his arms circled her waist and he buried his face in her hair. He nuzzled her hair for a few moments and then his lips made their way down to her neck. His kisses and soft, sweet bites sent goose bumps down her arms and spine. As he kissed her, he gently lifted off her shirt, and then undid her bra and let it fall to the ground. He turned her around to face him, and whispered “Sweet Jesus,” before laying her back on the bed and allowing his sexy lips and tongue to find their way to her willing breasts.

Stacey ran her fingers through his hair as he drove her crazy with his tongue. She suddenly needed to feel more of him, pulling at the buttons of his shirt, and becoming ridiculously happy when she realized they were snaps. His chest was suddenly bare, and she could feel his hot skin against hers at last. He shrugged his shoulders back as he slipped off the shirt, and Stacey used the opportunity to unhook his belt and jeans. Standing up, he slipped off the Wranglers and let them fall to the floor. Stacey took this as her cue, and slipped off her pants as well. Owen lay back down next to her, and explored her body with his rough hands as he kissed her lips some more. She could feel how hard he was as he pressed up against her leg. She reached down and wrapped her fingers around him, she could feel him pulsating and it was driving her mad. He moaned and whispered her name. Again, she thought that the sound of her name on his lips was the sexiest sound she had ever heard. 

“I need you inside of me,” she whispered, and instantly he was on top of her. He slipped himself gently inside of her. She was more ready than she ever remembered being, and it was like he was slipping into a glove that had been tailor made. They rocked against each other slowly at first, gaining momentum by the second. Stacey used her hands and fingers to explore the hardness of his back, and the flexing of his biceps with every thrust. Owen used his lips to keep her nipples hard, until at last he could concentrate on nothing more than the pleasure of being inside her was bringing him. He rode her like one of his bulls until finally, they climaxed together. His hard, sweaty body collapsed on top of hers, and he laid like that for a moment, breathing hard, his pulse pounding against her chest. When his thoughts cleared, and he remembered that he was a lot bigger than she, he rolled off and to the side. Stacey wasn’t ready to let him go, so she rolled with him and ended up on top. She collapsed against him and he held her like that for a very long time. 

When they could both move again, they made love one more time. Stacey fell asleep in his arms, more at peace than she had ever felt before. She slept like that until she felt him stirring. Opening her eyes she saw that he was sitting up on the edge of the bed, reaching for his pants.

“Love ‘em and leave ‘em, Cowboy?” she asked.

He turned towards her and grinned, making her pulse rise again. “No way,” he said, “I just have to go to work. I’ll be thinking about you all day though, guaranteed.”

She smiled and said, “Good,” then glanced at the neon lights of the bedside clock. It read four am. “Four o’clock? Are you a rooster?”

“I felt like one a while ago,” he said, laughing softly. “I’m actually about an hour late. Them bulls don’t like waitin’ for breakfast. You wouldn’t want to see them angry.”

“Not unless there was a sexy cowboy there to save me,” she said. 

Owen gave her a passionate kiss before he left, leaving her wanting more as she rolled over and tried to go back to sleep for another hour or two. 

The best morning Stacey had ever remembered having, turned into a day that even her worst nightmare couldn’t have rivaled. 

CHAPTER 6

Stacey ran her usual morning errands, arriving at the diner around seven. Manuel was already cooking up breakfast for a packed house, and Victoria and Edith were actually running today to keep up. Stacey threw on an apron and was getting ready to pitch in when her cell phone rang. The number came up Unknown, so fearing it may be Emma she picked up.

“Hello?” 

“Stacey Martinez?” the voice belonged to a man, it was gravely and hard to understand.

“Yes,” she said, wondering who it may be.

“I need you to tell me where Edward hid the money. It is in your best interest, I promise you that.”

Stacey took the phone to the back office, out of earshot of the patrons at the counter.

“Who is this?” she said, getting angry.

“You can call me Ray,” he said, “That’s all you need to know.”

“Well, you are barking up the wrong tree here, Ray. I am the last person that Edward would have told anything like that to.”

“But you knew him well, I’m sure. So if I were you, I’d do some fast thinking about where he would have hidden it.”

“And if I don’t?” Stacey asked him, sensing a threat in his words.

“Well let me put it this way,” he said, in an even more threatening tone, “It would not only be in your best interest, but Emma’s as well.”

“Emma! If you touch that girl…”

“Oh, I haven’t, yet. She’s quite comfortable…for now!”

“Where is she?” Stacey demanded.

“I’ll tell you that, when you tell me where my money is. I’ll call you back at noon; I hope you have some answers for me by then.”

“Wait!” Stacey said, “How much money is it?”

“A hundred and fifty thousand dollars,” the voice said, just before the call disconnected.

Stacey could feel her pulse racing in her throat. The room was spinning slightly and she felt like she would throw up. “Damn you, Edward! If anything happens to Emma…I hope you are burning in hell!”

She sat down at her desk and dialed Emma’s cell phone. It only rang once and went to voicemail. In case the man was bluffing, Stacey left a brief message, just asking her to call. If she wasn’t already involved, Stacey didn’t want to frighten her. Next, she called Emma’s dorm room. Emma’s roommate answered, “Hi Lucy, this is Stacey, Emma’s mom...”

“Oh hi, Mrs. Martinez! How are you?”

“I’m okay, Lucy. I just really need to talk to Emma. Is she around?”

“No, you might want to try her cell phone. She had the day off from her morning class today, so she went to meet Greg for breakfast.”

“Oh, I did try it, she didn’t answer. You don’t have Greg’s number by chance, do you?”

“I think so, let me look,” There was silence for a few seconds while the girl looked for the number. It felt like hours to Stacey. “Here it is...569-882-8423.” 

“Thank you, Lucy!” Stacey said, and hung up, immediately dialing the number.

Greg answered on the first ring. “Greg, its Stacey, is Emma with you?”

“No, we were supposed to have breakfast, but she called a while ago to cancel.”

“You talked to her? How did she sound?” Stacey asked.

“She sounded okay, you know, normal. Why? Is something wrong?”

“I hope not,” Stacey said. “Just promise you’ll call me if you hear from her, okay?”

“Sure,” he said, and seemed about to say something else, but Stacey hung up.

Sticking her head out front, she called for Vicki.

“Have you heard anything more about the money?” Stacey asked her.

“No,” Victoria said with a smile, “I guess they gave up.”

Stacey slumped back in the chair. “No they didn’t,” she said, “They just called me. I think they have Emma.”

“What? Oh my God, Stacey! What are we going to do?”

“I don’t know. The man said he would call back at noon. He says it is a hundred and fifty thousand dollars they are looking for. I don’t have even a fraction of that to give him, and I have no clue where Edward might have hidden it. I don’t think I even have enough to go to the cops. All I have is a phone call, and the insinuation that they have my Emma. He didn’t even say it straight out.”

“I could ask Edith, I think she has a little money put away. And you can have all that I have. It’s not much, but maybe between us all…”

Victoria’s eyes were filling with tears. “Its okay, Vicki. I really don’t think between us all we have a fraction of that. I’ll think of something, okay? Go on back to work, and don’t share this with anyone, alright?”

Victoria stood up and put her hand on Stacey’s shoulder. “Okay, Hun, but remember we are all family here. Let us help you if we can.”

Stacey gave her a weak smile and nodded. The wheels in her brain were turning as fast as they could go, but she couldn’t think of one thing that seemed like it would help. She finally laid her head forward on the desk and allowed herself a minute to cry.

A knock on the office door startled her. It was Ted. She tried to wipe her face quickly, but he had already seen the tears.

“Stacey dear, what on earth is the matter?” he asked her.

“It’s a family issue, Ted. I’m sure I’ll work it out. What can I do for you?”

“Mr. Buchanan wanted me to come by and invite you to dinner this Friday night. He is having a little birthday celebration for his son Ante at the house.”

“Oh, sure,” Stacey said absently, not even really processing what he was saying. 

“Stacey, are you sure you’re okay?” he asked.

She couldn’t lie again, her tears came back and when she finally stopped sobbing and was able to speak, she told Ted what was going on. 

“Oh, dear! We have to call the police,” he said. 

“I thought of that,” Stacey told him. “I just don’t have anything for them to go on. An unknown caller, a veiled threat, a daughter who is young and sometimes doesn’t answer her phone just because she’s out having fun…”

“I see your point, but we should call them anyways…just in case,” he said, sitting down in the chair opposite the desk. “What time were they going to call back?”

“At noon.” She told him, “I would just give them my own money if I had it.”

Ted stood up and put his hand on her shoulder, “I know you would. We’ll figure this out, together, okay?”

“I don’t know what I did to deserve so many kind people in my life, but I am grateful. Thank you,” Stacey said.

“You’re welcome,” Ted told her. “Come up to the main house around eleven thirty, okay? Bring Victoria with you. I’ll have the police chief up there too. When they call, you won’t be alone.”

Stacey stood up and hugged him. The little man’s face turned red and for the first time since Stacey met him, he didn’t seem to know what to say, “Well, um…I’ll see you then. You call me if you hear anything before then.”

“I will. Thank you so much!”

Ted left, and Stacey filled Victoria in on what was going on. Stacey offered to close the diner so that Edith didn’t have to do the lunch hour by herself, but the older woman insisted she would be fine. Manuel and Noel both promised to help her out. Stacey had been such a private person her whole life that she had thought everyone knowing her business would be a problem for her. Instead, the weight on her shoulders felt lighter, due to the fact that her new “family” was willing to carry part of the load. 

***

Owen never showed up for breakfast, and for that, Stacey was grateful. She didn’t want to share such personal information with him, not just yet anyways. He had a way about him though, that every time they talked she wanted to tell him everything. 

She and Victoria left for Mr. Buchanan’s house about eleven fifteen. Edith, Manuel and Noel all reminded her that they were here if she needed them. She gave each one a hug before she left. She was truly blessed. 

When they arrived, Ted, Mr. Buchanan and the Police Chief were all assembled in the living room. Mauve showed them in and asked if they would like coffee. Victoria asked her if it was decaf and touched her stomach. Mauve guessed that the girl was pregnant, she was almost five months along, but so thin she barely had a bump. Mauve told her she would make her a cup of her “special” hot cocoa and bring her some cookies to go with it.

“You need to keep your strength up for you both,” she told her before bustling out of the room.

Mr. Buchanan looked as if he was going to shake Stacey’s hand, but instead, he wrapped her in a big bear hug. “I’m sorry that S.O.B. you had the misfortune to be married to seems to still be making life hard for you even though he’s dead. Ted filled me in on what’s been going on. I would have given you the money.”

Stacey’s heart was warmed by his generosity, but she would have never asked for, or accepted it. She thanked him, shook the Police Chief’s hand when Ted introduced him as Chief Hale, and gratefully took the cup of steaming coffee that Mauve seemed to appear out of nowhere holding. 

“Chief Hale,” she asked, “what is the plan?”

“Ted and I were talking about that lawyer fellow, Grunwald, is it? I think he definitely knows more than he is letting on. We need to talk to him. I also have my tech guy here to try and trace the call when this “Ray” person calls you back. He is probably using a throw away phone, but it’s worth a shot.”

“Okay, good,” Stacey said. “I think that you’re right. Grunwald definitely knows something. I tried to get him to tell me what, but he wasn’t going for it.”

“I’ve got my…let’s say…tech guy on that one,” Buchanan told her. From the look Chief Hale gave him, she surmised the officer didn’t agree with Mr. Buchanan’s tactics.

About that time, they heard the front door open. There seemed to be somewhat of a commotion, and to Stacey’s surprise, it was Owen…and Lucious Grunwald. As a matter of fact, it seemed that it was Owen…dragging Lucious Grunwald. 

“Owen! What are you doing?”

Owen grinned, “I brought company.”

“I can see that,” Stacey said. Lucious had what appeared to be the beginnings of a black eye. His suit was disheveled and covered in dirt on the back side as if he had been dragged through it. His nose had dried blood around the nares and his signature eyeglasses were missing.

“Good work, son,” Mr. Buchanan said to Owen, and then to the chief, “Are you going to question him?”

“This isn’t the right way to do things Bobby, Owen, you both know that.” The chief said. 
“I just offered the man a ride out here, Chief,” Owen said with another grin.

“Right,” the chief said. “Why don’t you show him into the kitchen where Mike is setting up the tech equipment. I’ll be right in.”

Owen took off his hat and said, “This way please, sir...”

Lucious gave him a look that said “Go to Hell,” but followed him anyways.

“I’ll deal with you and the boy later, Bobby,” Chief Hale said before leaving the room. Mr. Buchanan only chuckled and didn’t appear frightened of the Chief’s weak threat. 

“How did Owen know?” Stacey asked.

“He was here, talking to his Daddy when I came up to tell him what was going on. I didn’t even know ya’ll was acquainted, but he sure seemed hell bent on helping. When I got to the part about Grunwald, he asked me to look up the address for him and said he’d be right back. That was about three hours ago.”

“He’s a good boy, Stacey,” Bobby Buchanan said, real pride coloring his face.

“I know,” she said with a smile, “Thank you all so much for helping me.”
The Chief’s “tech officer,” Mike, came in and plugged a device into Stacey’s phone just before noon. He said it was in hopes of tracing where the call was coming from. Vicki smiled at him, and from the look on his face, Stacey was afraid he wouldn’t be able to keep his mind on the task at hand. Fortunately, the chief came back into the room, and Mike snapped back to attention.

“Grunwald says this man “Ray” is a small time hood that loaned your late husband some money. Apparently, Mr. Martinez won a large lump of cash, about a hundred and fifty grand in a poker game a week or two later. He told Ray he had put the money in a safe place and would get it to him soon, and then he died. Grunwald was contacted by Ray the next day, and agreed to work with the man…for a fee of course. He says he doesn’t know if this man has Emma or not, but he can take us to the warehouse the man does business out of.”

Stacey’s phone rang before anyone could ask any questions. She looked towards Mike and the Chief and when they nodded she picked it up, and pushed speaker.

“Hello?”

“Mrs. Martinez? 

“Yes.”

“It’s Ray, you got my money?”

“I want to know where my daughter is first, and that she is okay.” Stacey told him.

“She’s fine. She’s here with me, and like I said before, she’s quite comfortable…for now.”

“I want to talk to her,” Stacey told him.

“Do you, or do you not, have my money!” the man demanded.

Stacey looked at the Chief. He nodded his head slightly at her. Owen stepped back into the room then, and he too nodded at her.

“Yes, I have it.”

“Good, you get it on over to Lu Grunwald, ASAP!! Then, I’ll send your little girl on home.”

“Wait! I want to…” the line went dead.

Stacey looked up at the Police Chief with tears in her eyes and said, “What now?”

Owen came over and sat down next to her. He put his arm across her shoulders and pulled her into him.

“Now,” the Chief told her, we wait an hour and have Grunwald call and tell him he has the money.

“Do you think he’ll hurt Emma?” Stacey asked him.

“I don’t think so. He only wants the money. From what Grunwald tells me, he’s just a nickel and dime loan shark. Has no experience with kidnapping or extortion.”

Owen kissed the top of her head and whispered, “It’s going to be okay.” The others in the room looked surprised to see them so close, but Owen didn’t seem to care, and neither did Stacey. It felt good to have him to lean on right now.

Officer Mike had left the room, and he came back in a few minutes later, Grunwald in tow. “He’s agreed to work with us, Chief, but in true lawyerly fashion, wants to know what’s in it for him.”

Stacey could feel the muscles in Owen’s arms tense up and he tried to stand. She grabbed on to his arm and guided him back down next to her. “How about a clear conscience, Lu?” she said.

“Stacey…I didn’t know anything about his plans to take Emma…I swear. He said he was only going to try and intimidate you, and the mistress.”

At the word mistress, Victoria sat straight up and gave Lucious an evil look. “Watch who you’re calling a mistress,” she said.

“We’re going to take him back to the office and stay with him until he makes the call and sets up the pick-up. In the meantime, we’ll alert the State police to where this warehouse is that Grunwald says Ray does his business out of. I’d be willing to bet that’s where Emma is,” the Chief told them.

“I want to go too,” Stacey said.

“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Mrs. Martinez. If Ray sees you there, he will know something is up. Please, sit tight and let us do our job. I will bring your girl home to you, okay?”

Stacey looked at Owen, “He’s right, Stacey. We should wait here.” 

She reluctantly agreed, asking the Chief, “Please call me the second you know anything about Emma, okay?”

The Chief patted her shoulder, “I will, Mrs. Martinez. Please try not to worry.”

Owen sat with her while they were gone. He had his arm around her, and she laid her head on his chest and closed her eyes. She wasn’t sleeping; she just wanted to be alone in her thoughts. She was grateful to Owen for letting her do that. He didn’t say a word, just sat and held her.

Victoria was still being fussed over by Mauve, and Mr. Buchanan and Ted had moved into the study. The time passed slowly, each minute like a dagger being slid into Stacey’s heart. She really didn’t think she could live if anything happened to Emma. The world without her, as Stacey imagined it, would be a world without sunshine or fresh air. Stacey would suffocate, and wither away.

Sometime after they had all gone, maybe an hour or so, the front door opened and they all sat up at attention. It was Nate, and he was as surprised to see all of them, as they were disappointed that it was him and not someone who had news.

“What’s going on?” he asked, looking from Mauve, to Owen and Stacey, and then at Victoria.

Owen squeezed Stacey’s shoulder and said, “I’ll be right back.”

She nodded, and he got up and led his brother into the other room. Owen came back after a while, without Nate. Sitting down with Stacey he said, “I told him as much as he needed to know,” putting his arm back around her shoulders and pulling her into him. 

The time continued to stand still, until at last Stacey’s phone rang.

“Hello?”

“Hi Mama.”

“Oh my God, Emma! Are you okay, honey? I was so worried! Where are you?”

Emma said, “I’m fine, Mama. I’m with the Police. They’re bringing me out to see you.”

“Oh thank God! I love you, baby!”

“I love you too, Mama. See you soon.”

Stacey hung up, she was crying almost hysterically now. Victoria rushed over and asked, “What happened, honey? Is she okay?”

Stacey tried to smile, but was sure it wasn’t a pretty sight. “She’s fine, perfect, on her way here.”

“That’s great, sweetie!” Victoria said. “But why are you crying now?”

Stacey just patted Vicki’s tummy and said, “Someday you’ll understand.”

She hugged her, and then Owen, and then with a sudden burst of energy stood up and told them she had to go let Mr. Buchanan and Ted know, and call the diner to tell the rest of her “family.”

After Stacey told everyone the good news, she went to one of the seven bathrooms in the house and washed her face. It had been streaked with mascara, and to her surprise, she wasn’t the least bit embarrassed by that. On her way back to the main room, she ran into Nate.

“Hi, I’m glad to hear your girl is okay,” he said.

Stacey smiled at him and said, “Me too! Thank you. About me and Owen…”

Nate shook his head and held up his hand to stop her. “Please, you don’t need to explain anything to me. My brother’s a good guy. I think the two of you would be great together. I could tell the other night at the dinner that my usual crowd wasn’t really your type of people. That’s okay, it actually speaks volumes about your character,” he said the last with a grin.

“Thank you,” she said again.

“Your welcome, I’m glad everything turned out okay.”

***

Finally, about an hour after her call, Emma and the police officer, Mike, arrived. Stacey was waiting and watching out one of the large windows, and ran out to meet her when she saw them drive up. She and Emma embraced, and Stacey began to cry all over again. 

“Don’t cry, Mama,” Emma told her, “I’m right here, I’m okay.”

“They’re happy tears now,” Stacey told her.

They stood there like that for a long time, and finally, taking her by the hand Stacey led her over to a bench near the door and they sat down. “Tell me what happened. What did they do to you?”

“I got a call last night from a man. He said that you were in trouble, and I needed to come home. He told me that you had arranged a flight for me, and would be sending someone named Ray to pick me up at the airport. He said not to call you. He told me that you would get in worse trouble if anyone knew you had asked me to come, that’s why he was calling instead of you. I feel so stupid now, Mama. If I had only called you, none of this would have happened.”

“Hush!” Stacey told her. “You are not stupid. I talked to him too. He was very convincing.”

“Well, anyways when I got to the airport in Dallas, he picked me up and took me to this warehouse. I’ve just been sitting in a locked room this whole time. I didn’t know what was going on, or that you thought I’d been kidnapped. I’m sorry you went through that, Mama.”

Stacey smiled, “You have nothing to be sorry for. If I thought he would feel it though, I’d dig your Pops up and kick his ass!”

Emma laughed, “I think I’d help you.”

***

Stacey and Emma spent the rest of the day together, and that evening Greg took the train in to pick her up. The poor guy looked so relieved to see her that Stacey’s heart went out to him. He really seemed to care for Emma, and Stacey was going to have to learn how to let Emma grow up. This time when she saw them off at the station, it didn’t hurt so much. She knew that Emma had someone who cared very much for her where she was at, and through Stacey, she had a whole new family where Stacey was that would do anything for her as well. 

When Stacey got back home, there was a note on her front door that said simply, “Do you want to go fishing?”

She smiled, changed her shoes and walked the path that she had before until she ran into Owen. He was fishing, but this time instead of a lawn chair and cooler full of beer, he was sitting on a blanket he had spread on the grass. Next to him on the blanket were a picnic basket and a bottle of wine.

When Stacey looked surprised he said, “I don’t talk much, but I listen. I know what women like.”

Stacey laughed and lay down next to him. Wrapping her arms around his neck she kissed his lips softly and said, “You definitely know what this woman likes, and I’m not talking about wine and picnic baskets.”

As they made love on the blanket, in the moonlight by the lake, Stacey could feel her wings growing back. She loved the feeling of being free, and she was starting to figure out that being free did not necessarily mean being alone. Her wings were strong enough to carry her where she wanted to go, and to guide her smoothly to earth when she needed them to. 

But Owen had a secret he hadn’t shared…






About the Author

After earning a master’s degree in secondary education from UNC, Elizabeth Nelson worked abroad teaching English, bar-tended at late night clubs in Chicago, and continues various philanthropy projects that focus on empowering women. But her love of writing never changed.
 
Want to see what happens next with Stacey? The Cowboy’s Secret is now available!

Stacey’s success with her new diner gives her the confidence she needs to let herself pursue a new relationship with heartthrob, Owen. She knows the risks, but the possibility of lasting happiness is too good to turn down.

So when Owen’s brother, Nate, starts getting close enough to share some of Owen’s dirty secrets, Stacey starts wondering if it’s all too good to be true. If she can’t trust Owen to share his own past truthfully, can she really open herself up to that kind of potential heartbreak?

Stacey struggles with the need for community and family in her new surroundings, while still trying to protect her heart. Will she be forced to hold Owen at arm’s length or will he prove to her he’s worth the risk? Will he keep silent about his past and she’ll have to make the tough decision to be okay with it or to turn her back completely?

Other Books by Elizabeth Nelson

Continue The Texas Love Story series with The Cowboy’s Secret, The Proposal and Wedding on the Ranch.

The Cowboy’s Secret
The Proposal
Wedding on the Ranch


 



