



LOVERS
Lovers Series
Book One


Olivia Barrington-Leigh
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013

******

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and my not be reproduced, copied and distributed or commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. 

CHAPTER ONE

My heart rate increased, my breathing was short and quick, there was fluttering in my stomach and my chest was tight. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up and my senses went into overdrive. Every muscle was coiled tighter than Dick’s hatband in anticipation of his touch. There was nothing that told me that he stood behind me but I knew he was there.
When I first noticed him—no, not noticed—felt. When I first felt him looking at me, my first thought was that he’d been doing so for some time.  Sitting at one of the few tables in the club, his legs crossed at the knee, one arm on the tabletop, the other rested in his lap. He stuck out from the rest of the crowd. Instead of the club clothes the rest of us wore he had on a suit and even from where I stood, which was on the opposite side of the crowded and dark night club, I knew it was expensive. That was the first time my traitorous body failed me. I wanted to look away; to turn around, but I was powerless to move an inch. Everything I needed to know about him I saw in his eyes. He was use to getting what he wanted. 
And he wanted me. 
Ordinarily this would not have posed a problem for me. I’m use to attention. Go out of my way for it. I fucking thrive on it. The mock turtleneck, long sleeved, lace dress that stopped mid-thigh and showed off my brief panties and push up bra screamed for the eyes of every man I passed to look at me. Had I not been out on the hunt myself? Looking for some unsuspecting prey to bed? Yet, there I stood. 
Paralyzed.
 I would never again shout at my television when I saw zebra, wildebeest, gazelles or any other animal frozen; scared still, as they try to sense the predator lurking in high grass or hidden in the bushwithin striking distant.  I pity every creature I’ve ever seen give pause before impending doom. A category that now included me. How the fuck had that happened?

The hand on my hip stopped my breath and made my heart work double time. The fluttering in my stomach was no longer butterflies but an exaltation of larks. My whole body tingled and I became so aroused that between my legs was damn near weeping. I took a deep breath; tried to regain some semblance of control, but the smell of his cologne made me weak. It made me want to kiss him. A kiss that was long and slow and sensual. A kiss that would take my breath away. The kind that readied one’s body and mind for extraordinary pleasure.  
The hand made a slow climb up my body until it rested around my throat. I swallowed as the fingers tightened and he pulled me back against his chest, placed his nose behind my ear and inhaled deeply. The warmth of his breath as he exhaled sent shivers down my spine. The whisper of a kiss he placed on the side of my neck stilled me completely. 
 “Beautiful girl you smell good.”
 The soft pressure on my throat, his whispered words, the feel of his chest against my back raising and falling stole my words. I wanted to say something—anything—to let him know I’m in the same league. But hell, we weren’t even playing the same game. He smiled. I could feel it spread across his lips. Lips that were still pressed against my skin.
 “Easy,” he whispered, his hold around my neck tightening.
 How he knew I was about to move I had no idea. I was going to run. Whatever he was offering was more than I needed. More than I wanted. 
That was the second time my body let me down. I didn’t move an inch, although I was getting conflicting signals. My body wanted nothing more than to rub all over the hard chest that was pressed into my back. My mind was screaming—hello, there’s a hand around your throat. But there was nothing in the touch that said he meant me harm.

I steadied my breathing and felt him move closer. The one step allowed me to feel his erection in the small of my back and God help me, behind my still closed lids, I imagined the things that could be done with it—and to it. He took another long deep breath, one that made me feel like he committed my scent to memory. He kissed behind my ear, a second one lower, until his nose was in my hair and his lips were pressed against the back of neck. Each kissa soft promise of things to come.

CHAPTER TWO

I love the south but the humidity’s a bitch. I wear it like a second skin. I spend countless hours in the shower only to find myself assaulted as soon as the spray of cool, sometimes cold, water cease. But I can’t imagine living anywhere else.  It was seven o’clock in the morning and I swear it was ninety degrees outside when I roll out of bed. 
I woke up this morning from a dream so erotic I could feel an orgasm raging between my legs. Mystery man had become the bane of my existence. I couldn’t get the man out of my head. His smell, his voice and the few words he’d said to me. The memory of his lips on my skinand that damn erection, it all leaves me hot and bothered every time I imaginehis lips covering my mouth and that erection buried deep inside me. And boy, do I think about it. I daydream about him during the day; at night I go to a place where he is mine and I am his. The memory of him tortures my soul. How many times had I touched myself as I remembered the feel of his hand around my throat?
After forty five minutes of a workout some call a shower, I turned off the water and prepared to dress for the day. Freshly scrubbed and shaved I put on a white silk, wrap dress and a pair of nude sling back pumps. I grabbed the clutch that matched my shoes exactly from the end of my bed and leave for work. 
 I stopped on the way to pick up coffee. One for the boss I’m pretty sure wants to have sex with me but he’s never asked and I’ve never pressed the issue.  I would have no problem with a little office sex, but was the look he sometimes got in his eyes that told me he was looking for something more than one roll in the hay.Something that would lead to something a little more...complicated. 
“Good morning Ms. Freeman.”
“Good morning Jamie.” The young customer service girl was young enough to train but more importantly, too young to be a threat to my position. And for reasons I couldn’t put my finger on I liked her. 
“Is Mr. De La Cruz here?” 
The black SUV was not in its usual spot but he sometimes took it around back.
“Yes, he was here when I got in,” she said, rolling her eyes. 
Sexual wants aside; I liked and admired my boss. He worked long hours, was not afraid to roll up the sleeves of the expensive shirts he wore to lend a hand, and he treated all his employees the same.
 “He has on different clothes so I’m pretty sure he left last night.”
“Yeah, well knowing him, I wouldn’t be surprised if he had extra clothes in his office,” I said.I gripped my clutch tighter under my arm as I tried to juggle the two cups in one hand to open the door to my office.  Jamie came around her work station to help me.
“Thanks,” I smiled at the bubbly receptionist who I had yet to see not smile.
“No problem. You have a one o’clock conference call with the flooring company that put in a bid for the new civic center project,” she called after me as I entered my office. 
“Does Mr. De La Cruz have anything on his schedule for today?”
“No, he’s free all day,” Jamie said.
“Pull the rest of the bids and put them on my desk for me please.”
I picked up the two cups and left my office through the second door in my office that led out into the warehouse. I could hear the sound of forklifts in the warehouse and trucks in the docks. We were getting trailers of materials for the new civic center project every day. The flooring was scheduled to go in next month and we still hadn’t decided who to go with. 
We’d just moved locations and the warehouse was still in disarray, nowhere near the former glory of the last shop. Nothing irked the boss more than the sight of the warehouse being anything less than perfect. The warehouse guys were working themselves into a tizzy trying to get the owner out of their workspace. Not to say they didn’t work when they weren’t under his watchful eye, but Mr. De La Cruz could be...intense, for lack of a better word. 
I rounded the corner of an empty upright and saw the owner of the company at the end of the aisle. He was a gorgeous man. I may not have pressed the issue of the want I sometimes saw when he looked at me, but the Lord knew—I lusted after him too.
Immaculately dressed, his shirt and pants were creased so sharp, they look like they’d cut. The white shirt was almost incandescent and the khaki pants looked brand new. The brown leather shoes were expensive and didn’t have a scuff on them. On one wrist was a chrome and gold Rolex, the other, a thick gold ID bracelet.  His shiny black hair was long, and today loose. Sometimes he wore it in a low ponytail. He was fifty years old and fine enough that even the twenty year old Miss Jamie in our front office looked at him like she would welcome him in her bed. 
“Ms. Freeman, I think I love you. You brought coffee,” he yelled over the sound of the forklift.  
I smiled and took the last few steps to the forklift. Okay, so I put a little something extra in the swing of my hips, but a little flirting was harmless. I was rewarded with the momentary slip of control. The sly smile and look in his eyes didn’t have anything to do with him being grateful for the coffee I offered him. He was lethal in business, feared as well as respected, and he wanted me under him as sure as he wanted the next construction job.  
“There’s a one o’clock conference call with Landry Flooring, you want in?” 
He took the coffee from me, and don’t think for one second I didn’t notice how his finger stroked against mine. 
“No, I’m leaving early today, I’m sure you’ll do fine. Email me final negotiations when you’re done. We need to make the decision tonight so we can get the materials ordered.”  
“Got it,” I said and turned to walk away with that same something special in my step. 
Mystery man had my control shot to shit and if I didn’t watch myself that sexual tension my boss and I have shared for the last three years was going to get some release. I prayed I could make it the next two days and hoped mystery man was at the club Friday and didn’t make me wait until Saturday. God help us come Monday if I don’t get laid this weekend. No matter the amount of time or wide array of objects used self-satisfaction isn’t cutting it. Mr. De La Cruz was in my sights.
Mr. De La Cruz left about an hour after I arrived. We had our daily update behind the close doors of my office and were prefect employee and employer. I pretended I didn’t know his subtle movements were his repeated attempts to rearrange his erection. I certainly didn’t know that leaning forward on my desk and resting my weight on my elbows would open the neck of my dress enough to expose the top of the white lace bra I wore. We both licked our lips when he got up to leave my office. Thank God for windows, and thank him for putting two in my office.
It was two thirty before I got off the conference call with the Landry people and almost four before I finally pressed send on the email to Mr. De La Cruz. I’d decided to go with Landry because I liked my contact. They weren’t the largest flooring shop; their bid wasn’t even the lowest, but something told me the girl I’d been talking to over the last couple of weeks would move hell and high water to make sure we got our flooring in the time frame that we had, and we were down to the wire. 
“Let’s call it a day Jamie. Call Mark and have him close up the shop. It’s time to go home,” I yelled through the opened door. 
“Hell yeah,” I heard Jamie say a second before she repeated my words to Mark. 
With the move and being in the middle of a job, none of us worked less than sixty hours a week in the last month. I was ready to go and I knew everyone else was too. I worked the employees hard. I was tough, but fair, and well liked. 
I cleared off my desk while saying good-bye to everyone as they clocked out. I did my final walk through of the warehouse making note of the things I needed Mark to get done the next day. I checked a new email on my phone as I walked back to the office area. It was from Mr. De La Cruz, and he agreed with me. I set the alarm and made a mental note to tell Jamie to cut the check for the flooring company. Tonight I planned on going out to eat at my favorite restaurant. 

“Table for one and I’d like a booth please.” 
A waiter was in front of me before I turned from the hostess with menu in hand. I was sitting down and stopped mid-slide when I caught sight of my mystery man in a booth further back in the restaurant with a woman. His lips were next to her ear.  She had an almost smile on her lips and whatever he was saying was making her blush. I smiled when I noticed the location of his hand. The index finger of said hand was running up and down the front of her shirt over a very hard nipple. The sight of him working her made me clench my thighs together.  
My waiter left saying something about giving me time to look over the menu. As I looked shamelessly at mystery man I shifted in my seat manipulating the material of my thong causing it to tighten and rub against my now aching clit. He’d moved his hand and now a single finger moved against her jaw line. She was mesmerized. Hell, so was I. As if I had called out to him he looked up and straight at me. 
Our eyes met across the room and I was helpless to stop the smile spreading across my lips. I gave him a slow nod before looking down at my menu even though I already knew what I wanted. I always ordered the same thing: a bottle of cabernet, a salad, mushroom ravioli and a slice of chocolate cake, possibly a cup of coffee or a scotch after desert. I’d be tipsy but not drunk.  I was within walking distant of my apartment if I thought I couldn’t drive. 
I didn’t dare look back at the table occupied by my mystery man. Instead I looked everywhere else. It was the middle of the week the restaurant wasn’t crowded. There were three other couples that I could see and a few men sitting alone. The bar area was, by far, the busiest area in the place. My waiter came back and I handed him the menu and placed my order. He brought out the carafe of wine moments before I was about to get pissed about the service. After I took the first sip I afforded myself a look at the table on the back wall. 
The couplehad separated at the arrival of their meal. The woman was talking and he was hanging on every goddamn word. I’d be a lie if I said I wasn’t a little bit jealous. She was beautiful. She had long black hair that ended somewhere beneath the table. She was a tiny woman, the kind that men put on pedestals, slay dragons and put capes over puddles for.  The green eyed monster was enraged as I watched him feed her something from his plate. The moment her eyes went to her own food he looked across the room at me. The sexual vibe was so thick you could almost see it. It was wavy; like heated air rising from asphalt.
 I put my hand that had been by my side high on my thigh and I ran it up until it made contact with the satin of my panties. Right at the table—In the middle of a restaurant—I started masturbating. The white table cloth insured no one saw what I was doing. But I knew that he knew. His date was all but forgotten as we locked eyes. I could feel the orgasm building. I opened my mouth slightly and licked my lips. I saw his breath catch and he shifted slightly. I knew he was stroking himself which made the orgasm that was just outside my reach steal my breath. Removing my hand from under the table I picked up my wine glass and tipped it to him. He smiled at me then. Not a curve of his lips, but a full smile that showed perfect white teeth. He nodded and then started shaking his head.
Everything in me wanted to watch him. I had to will my eyes to go everywhere but to the table in the back of the room. There were several men looking at me and on any other night I may have been on the prowl, but tonight I had my sights on one man. The arrival of my waiter seemed to be when I would sneak a peek. So when my waiter took my salad plate, replacing it with my ravioli I damned near chocked. 
That son of bitch.
The woman sitting with my mystery man held her fork in a death grip. She was close to hyperventilating if the movements of her chest were any indication of how fast she was breathing. Her back was ramrod straight but her head was turned so that it was facing her date. She wasn’t looking into his eyes instead she was looking down, her gaze somewhere on his chest. He however, was staring at her. His body was turned towards her, one arm draped casually on the back of the leather high back seating of the booth, the other out of sight. I swear I could hear the moan that escaped her perfectly glossed lips from where I was sitting.  The entire time he was talking to her. She put her fork down and pressed her palms flat on the table. When she opened her mouth I fully expected her to make a sound as she came, but she didn’t. My eyes widened as he brought his hand up and pushed the tip of his finger in her mouth. The sight was so damn erotic I almost came. 

Done with our shenanigans, we behaved for the rest of the night. We stole occasional glances, but he had a date and I wanted to eat.  I was almost finished with my wine and was waiting on my desert when a stranger spoke from beside me.  
“Let me buy you a drink.” 
I looked at my mystery man before saying a word. He was watching me closely. I smiled before I gave the man to my left my full attention.  
He had on a dark blue pinstriped suit and a baby blue tie. The brown leather, tassel loafers screamed foreign expensive. His coal black hair was just shy of too long and he had eyes the color blue that made you think of twilight skies. He was breathtaking.
 “Yes, please.” I whispered because it was all the breath I could muster. 
“Christian,” he said, offering his hand. 
“Elaina” The moment I touched his hand something passed between us. Not electric, not magical, but a connection of sorts. I cocked my head to the side before releasing his hand. The waiter returned to the table with my desert.
 “What’s your poison?”  He asked as the waiter stood next to him awaiting instruction.
“I’ll have a scotch, Chivas Regal.”
He raised an eyebrow and ordered himself a brandy before turning back to me. “I’ve seen you here before. You’re always alone. Why is that?”
“It’s my favorite restaurant.” I shrugged starting on my desert. I wondered if he’d also noticed that I very rarely left alone.
If my weakness was clothes, my undoing was chocolate cake. The three layer wedge of perfect confection before me was something I rarely afford myself. I gained ten pounds just thinking about it. I closed my eyes when the first piece hit my tongue and I’m powerless at the sigh that escaped me. Heaven was the only word that comes to mind.
“I don’t think I’ll ever look at chocolate cake the same again after seeing you eat it.”
The rough, lust filled words had me doing the unthinkable. I cut a piece of cake and lifted my fork, extending it towards him but not bringing it to his mouth. Without smiling, without taking his eyes from mine, he grabbed my wrist lightly and leaned forward before taking the cake in his mouth. As he chewed he watched me like he wanted his next bite to be a piece of me. He was so fucking sexy I was certainly on the menu.

CHAPTER THREE

I can’t remember a time where I was so sexually charged. In addition to the fantasies of mystery man are those of Christian Dubois. He’d ordered a second cake after we shared mine and the second round had him feeding me. It was sex through cake. He gave me his card and I told him I’d call. I still hadn’t after two days. He was too safe. He made me think ofpossibilities. Of the many things I don’t trick myself in believing I can ever have. But God, it was so easy being with him. Maybe I’d give him a call if I didn’t find mystery man tonight.
“Ok Elaina, everything’s done in the shop and I did the final walkthrough for you. I’m out. Have a nice weekend.”  Mark stood at my door smiling at me. 
I’d already told Jamie she could leave at three. All week she’d gone on and on to anyone who would listen about her mother’s visit today. It was Friday, we were slow, and there was no reason for her to stay. I’d signed the check to get the flooring ordered yesterday. Mr. De La Cruz had come in for a few hours earlier and announced he would be out of the office next week. I knew he was trying to rein in the overwhelming urge to work enough nerve up to ask me for sex. We’d been flirting nonstop since Monday and we both knew we were heading to the point of no return. My mystery man had unleashed some crazed beast inside me. One that craved orgasms instead of food and water to sustain life.
“Thanks Mark. You have a good weekend. See you Monday,” I said. I watched Mark stand for a moment too long in the doorway before he went to the time clock. I was damned near on his back I was so ready to lock up the shop and leave. 
The mall was on the way home and I thanked the parking Gods as I pulled into my favorite slot right next to the escalator in the parking garage. Feeling lucky,I pressed the auto lock on my keychain and entered the mall with little doubt of finding the perfect outfit. The first store I stopped in had just what I was looking for; a backless, metallic silver,cowl neck mini-dress.The loose open front stopped just before my belly button and the hem stopped just past my ass. I got hot just thinking about the soft, satin lining lying next to my naked skin.  Mirrored, silver stilettos, a stack of silver bangle bracelets and a pair of large silver loop earrings completed the outfit.
As soon as I closed the front door I went to my stereo and turned on some getting ready music.I turned the volume up loud enough to envy a club before going upstairs.  I took everything out of the bags and placed them on the bed and took a moment to admire my haul before stripping off my work clothes. I started the water in the bathtub and let it run to get hot before heading to the kitchen to make my first drink of the night. I had several hours before it would be time to leave. I’d unwind in the tub and then take a quick shower. I’ve always thought bathing was like stewing in your own juices. I never felt clean. Stepping in the too hot water, I slowly make my descent until submerged. Leaning back I grabbed my glass and closed my eyes. 
The water was hot enough to take off a layer of skin, but just in case it didn’t, by the time I was finished shaving and scrubbing every nook and cranny I was certain the skin left was a new layer. I pulled the plug and let the water drain for a moment before standing and pulling the shower curtain. I took a quick cool shower before wrapping my hair and body in the thick towels that I splurged on. I loved the feeling of good cotton towels on a freshly bathed body. 
The endless stream of music was a playlist that had taken me a weekend to make and it always got me pumped for a night out on the town. I danced down the hall to the kitchen and popped a pizza in the oven before setting up shop to start on my makeup at the table in my kitchen. I loved the time it takes to get ready to go out. The ritual of it all: tinted moisturizer, powder, eye shadow, heavily lined lids, mascara, bronzer, blush. It takes close to an hour.I ate while watching an episode of Law and Order. I love that fucking show. I have erotic dreams about Detective Stabler.  
After washing my plate and putting everything away I went back to my bedroom. I called a cab before getting dressed because I was damn near drunk. I slipped in the barely there dress and took a moment to admire my reflection. The front was staying in place by a lick and a promise, and if I bent over anyone behind me would most certainly get a good look at my ass and freshly shaved snatch. It was perfect. I was buckling my shoes when I heard the cab outside. Grabbing the silver clutch, I turn out my bedroom lights. Alright mystery man let’s see what you got. 

I was heading for the courtyard when I saw him come in. The same girl from the restaurant was hanging on his arm and for a second I was utterly crushed. That goddamn, motherfucking, son of a—hey is that Christian? Stepping in the club, practically on Ms. Thang’s heels, was my back-up plan. Talk about perfect timing. It took seconds for him to find me standing at the bar. At the exact same time as my mystery man. As if controlled by connecting wires, they both turned and looked at me. I focused on the one without the woman on his arm.
 I couldn’t help but return the easy smile that appeared on Christian’s face. There was something safe about him. He made me feel... happy. I’m damn near giddy by the time he made his way to me at the bar. 
“Fancy meeting you here Elaina,” he said leaning in. His lips were right on my ear. Shivers ran up and down my spine. 
“Back at you. I’ve never seen you here before.” 
He looked good. He was dressed down tonight; pressed khaki pants and a yellow button down shirt. No jewelry save the same watch he wore the last time I saw him. His shoes were Cole Hahn loafers. God bless a nicely dressed man. 
“It’s not my regular spot but I decided to give it a try tonight. I’m glad I came out. You look good,” he said. 
“What are you drinking? I owe you,” I shouted above the music.
“What are you having?”
“Water,” I shrug, “I had a lot before coming out.”  He smiled at me and I forgot about mystery man. Twice now, I’d seen him with what I could only assume was his girlfriend. Whatever I thought was going to happen was not. At least not tonight.
Christian ordered bourbon and we took our drinks to the courtyard. The wrought iron furniture, large potted trees and lights on the ceiling made the area almost tropical. 
“So, what do you do Elaina,” he asked, as he pulled my chair out and took the chair opposite me. 
“I manage De La Cruz Construction,” I said taking a sip of the vodka tonic I’d ordered at the bar. The look on his face told me my occupation was a surprise. I literally work in a man’s world. I was usually the lone female on business trips or dinners. I didn’t mind. 
“How’d that happen,” he asked. He leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs at the knee. I love a man that crosses his legs that way. The act alone was going to get him some. He looked relaxed even being one of the more grown up men in the club. If I had to guess, Christian was on the ass end of his thirties, if he hadn’t already reached forty. Not old, but I saw him in more refined surroundings: Dim lighting, soft music and booths of scarlet leather and white linen draped each table. 
“What?” he asked smiling. 
“Nothing,” I said, shaking my head to clear it. “You seem to be out of your element, yet not. Does that make sense?”
Christian laughed while leaning up to get his drink. As he looked across the small round tableI could read him like an open book and the book was quiet explicit. Good thing it was one of my favorite reads. We were same book—same page. 
“It makes sense.  I have to say you look a little out of place yourself.”
“I was hoping to run into someone,” I said, sipping from my own drink. “I’m glad I found you instead.”
The mystery and intrigue surrounding the man who walked up behind me last week was replaced with the one that sat in front of me and he was more than into me. Something my bruised ego was in desperate need of after seeing mystery man show up with his girlfriend. 
“Well, why don’t we finish our drinks, have a dance and go somewhere more our speed,” he said throwing back his drink in one swallow. I followed suit and we hit the dance floor. The man could move. We danced several songs, fast and slow. I was breathless by the time Christian pulled me aside. 
“I’m going to use the bathroom and then we’re out.” 
I nodded and smiled. The rearview of Christian was just as pleasing as the front. I was standing next to the bar and raised my hand to get the bartender’s attention. I ordered two bottles of water and turned to face the courtyard so I could see when Christian was headed back. 
The light weight on my hip caught me by surprise. I refused to move, knowing without doubt who stood behind me. I wondered where his girlfriend was, but didn’t really care.
“Beautiful girl.”
The two words, the sound of his voice, the smell of his cologne; I was ready to throw my legs around him. I started to turn around and the pressure on my hips increased to keep me in place. 
“Not so fast beautiful girl,” he said. The hand next to the bar, the one hidden from the dance floor, moved soft as a whisper along the back of my thigh. It would have tickled if I didn’t know its final destination. Before I could take a full breath two fingers were inside me. My mystery man certainly liked public places. 
He moved closer, placing a hand around my throat he applied enough pressure to almost cut off my breathing. Strong, thick fingers slid between the slippery folds of my sex pushing inside me several times before slick fingers were taken outand began to stroke my clit. I put one foot on the barstool in front of me.Standing there with my ability to take in air greatly reduced and two fingers of a stranger working me over, I came when he kissed me behind my ear. His hand around my throat was the only reason the moan didn’t pass my lips. 
“Not yet beautiful girl.” 
What the fuck does that mean? By the time I turned around all I saw was his back as he made his way to the same table I saw him at last week. He grabbed his date’s hand and took her to the dance floor. I turned around when the bartender yelled out to me and Christian was standing next to me. 
“Ready,” he asked. 
He was so close for a moment I thought he was going to kiss me. Mystery man had taken my words and all I could do was nod my head. Christian grabbed my hand and led the way out into the crowded streets of the small city. 

Christian never released my hand as we walked through the streets and after awhile I stopped focusing on how my hand felt in his. It had been ions since I’d held hands with a man. I think high school being the last time, or maybe junior high. He held it as if he had done the act a thousand times before, and I’m certain he wasn’t analyzing the act as I was. 
We both lived in the city but we discovered it all over again. He took me to his favorite places and I took him to mine. We had several that were the same. We stopped at one of the all night restaurant and ordered incredibly greasy, delicious food and ate it on the front steps of a neighboring business that was closed for the night.  We talked about everything and nothing and the few times that we slipped into silence it was comfortable. Hourshad passed when he put an arm around my waist and pulled me into his side as we walked down a still bustling street.  
“I want to show you where I live,” he said. 
“I’d like that.” 
I didn’t look, but I swear I could almost hear the smile on his face. We walked in silence and I wasn’t too surprised when he pulled open the wrought iron fence of a large antebellum home. The house was painted white and had forest green shutters. The large wraparound porch that circled the house had white wicker furniture and a wood swing. He pulled a set of keys from his pocket without releasing his hold on me and opened the screen door and then unlocked the front door. We stepped back in time. 
There were lamps and wall sconces lit andthe soft glow added to the romance of the house. Overstuffed chairs, heavy wood furnishing and large area rugs, all made me think of tightly corseted dresses with billowing shirts. There were fresh flower arrangements everywhere and the smell was absolutely divine. 
“Your house is beautiful,” I said. I didn’t know where to look next. “Do you live alone?” I asked.
“No, I have a roommate,” he said, pulling me into a room to the left of the entrance and straight to a bar at the end of the room. 
I climbed up on a barstool and put my chin in my hands as Christian pulled out two glasses. “I don’ think I should drink anything else...unless you were planning on me getting sick or passing out, maybe even both.”
He laughed and handed me a large glass of ice water.  I took my glass and walked lazily around the room. Christian watched from his place behind the bar. 
“Is this a family home,” I asked, because while he was too old to be hanging out at the girls-gone-wild hot spot, he seemed too young to have the personal taste of the decor of the house. 
“Yes. It’s my childhood home.” 
I picked up a picture of a much younger Christian and smiled. He was holding hands with a woman who was obviously his mother. They had the same hair and eyes. “Your mother’s beautiful.”
“Thank you.” Christian came around the bar. He slid his arms around my waist and drew me close until my back rested on his chest. He put his nose in my hair and breathed in reminding me of my mystery man.
 “You smell good,” he said. “Will you let me make love to you Elaina?”  
Wha...? Did he just ask me that? Out of all the times I’d had sexual relations no one had ever asked to make love to me. Christian leaned down and kissed my neck. His hands moved from my hips to my stomach and one slipped inside the opening of my dress and cupped a naked breast, his thumb circling my nipple. I laid my head back and closed my eyes. His hands were soft and warm on my skin as he rolled my nipple between his fingers before pulling it, pinching itjust shy of painful.
“Let me take you upstairs and love you.” 
 His other hand went between my legs and I opened them to give him access to what he wanted. He palmed my naked sex pressing the heel of his palm into my clit before putting two fingers inside me. 
“Let me make you feel good Elaine.”
 Guessing my moan was not the answer he was looking for, I used my words. The single word was lost in another moan as he continued to work me with his all knowing, very talented fingers. He took the glass of water that I still held and sat it on the piano before turning me to face him. 
 I hadn’t allowed a man to kiss me since my senior year in high school. I had issues. Hell, my issues had issues. For me, making love was something for sissies, hopeless romantics who still believed in love. I fucked. I was good at what I did. I didn’t get attached.  I didn’t read anything into the act. It was how I coped. For me to allow Christian to first hold my hand and then kiss me had me panicking. But I was powerless to stop him. And it was the sweetest, slowest, lightest kiss I had ever known. That chaste kiss held more passion than all kisses before it. My soul wept when it ended. 
He took my hand and led me upstairs. He’d taken off his shoes and I noticed that he had nice feet. Did the man have a flaw? He opened a bedroom door at the top of the stairs.Lamps on the bedside tables turned on when he hit the switch next to the door, washing the room in a soft glow providing just enough light to make out our surroundings.  The dark wood sleigh bed had a burgundy comforter that looked as soft as a cloud. Half the bed was taken up by big fluffy pillows. There was an upholstered bench at the foot of the bed and a sitting area to the left in front of a set of French doors leading out onto the upstairs porch. On the wall opposite the bed was a large armoire, bookended by a set of matching overstuffed chairs.  
Stopping at the foot of the bed he untied the ribbon holding the top of my dress on my body. As the material fell around my waist I watched Christian hands cupped my breast. He ran his thumbs across my nipples and leaned down to kiss my neck, my shoulders and then each nipple.  He pushed my dress passed my hips and I stood naked in my silver stilettos. His touch was soft and soothing; it promised to cherish, to treasure, maybe even to love. 
 He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around him. This kiss he gave me was as slow and deliberate as his touch. There was nothing caste in the kiss offered inside the bedroom. I ran my hands in his hair and held on to his head as he possessed me completely with his mouth.   I could feel his erection through the fabric of his pants as he walked around the bed and gently laid me down on a bed so tall I would have had a hard time getting in without the help of a small stool. 
I propped myself up on my elbows and watched him undress. My eyes were glued to the man in front of me. He wasn’t rushed, but he wasn’t wasting time either. When he freed a thick, long, heavy erection that had me licking my lips, all strength left me and I collapsed. I actually mouthed a prayer of thanks for the man that had enough nerve to come to my table three nights ago.
The memory of that man’s body seemed branded on the back of my eyelids. Broad shoulders, well muscled chest and six pack abs, proportionally thick legs; he was built like an athlete. His body was hard and was meant to be worshipped. 
 How much time had passed, seconds...minutes? I opened my eyes and raised my head enough to see him standing between my legs that were hanging over the edge of the bed and at some point I had opened without even realizing. When he moved forward he grabbed my ankle bringing my foot up to unbuckle the long ago forgotten shoes I still wore. I’d never wear them again without thinking of him. His hands worked the tiny silver buckles while he looked at me. His eyes telling me—warning me—of the things he was going to do to me. Starting with the bottom of my foothe kissed up my leg to my shin before putting my leg down.  Soft hands went to my legs and I tried to remember how to breathe.
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered. 
He ran his hands through my hair grabbing a handful at the base and kissed me. I could feel his erection so close to where I wanted it, where I needed it, but was content with the kiss being offered. His lips were full and soft as they moved over mine. I was breathless from his complete domination of my mouth. His tongue ran across my bottom lip before sliding into my opened mouth as he moved or held my head. While lost in this kiss he shifted and pulled a hand free of my hair and grabbed my leg. He put my leg over his forearm opening my legs wide for him. A whimper interrupted our kiss as he pushed inside me, working inch, by glorious inch, of his dick inside me. 
The gentle rocking of his hips pushing and pulling until he was buried completely inside me made me insane. I pulled away from his mouth to brace myself for complete devastation of the orgasm building inside me. I wanted to push him away and hold on tight. I wanted to tell him to stop and then beg him not to. But I’d lost my words again in the arms of this man. He kissed my eyelids, my cheeks, my neck and shoulders, anything he could without releasing the leg or the handful of hair he held captive.  I allowed myself to be completely taken, surrendering all; a thing I hadn’t done in such a long time. I could feel every ridge, every vein as the broad length of him filled me absolute.
He released my hair and my leg and grabbed me close to him in a hug. I quickly wrapped my legs around him preparing for him to come. 
“You feel so good.” His voice was sex roughen; the words hot on my skin. Each stroke he made was met by my own rocking hips until we came together.
 We lay still with him buried inside me as our breathing return to the realm of normalcy.
“Hey,” he said releasing me from the hug I was still in so he could look me in the face. 
I buried my head into his shoulder, too mortified and embarrassed to do much else but hide the stupid tears that came at the peak of my orgasm
“Are you okay?” he asked. 
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. How ridiculous am I? I wouldn’t have to worry about how to ditch him. He probably couldn’t wait for me to leave. It was disturbing even to me.
 “Shhh, it’s okay. Just let me love you,” he said holding me tighter in his arms and kissing my tears. 
I forget all apologies when I felt the first roll of his hips. His moves are smooth as silk. I was still sensitive from my climax but the feeling was heaven when I felt him stiffen and grow inside me. 
“Let me love you tonight. Will you let me?” 
The walls I’d built around my heart became structurally unsound with each thrust of his hips. I wanted to hold on to these moments shared with him for a lifetime. I didn’t know this man, he didn’t know me but this moment felt right, and I would treasure it forever. 
I raised my head and turned it to give him access to my neck. A row of kisses made their way to my breast.I arched my back and moaned when his tongue drags across my nipple before being taken it his mouth. My hands were in his hair and I fisted it as pleasure started to build inside me again.
“It’s okay,” he said kissing my neck and shoulders. 
The mysterious tears stronger, catching my breath. I can’t stop them. “Please don’t stop,” I begged him. “You feel so good Christian.” I hugged him around his neck tight. I brought my knees higher and clenched my thighs. My orgasm was mind-numbing. Nothing mattered outside the four walls of the room or the soft surface of the bed where I was being made love to.  

I rested my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat slow until it reached its normal pace. He hadn’t mentioned the unexpected tears from earlier and I’m happy not to have had a repeat performance during the rest of the night we shared. I was tired and weak. If I wasn’t plotting an escape I’d be looking for little blue pills. We’d been having sex for hours and my internal clock told me the sun should be coming up soon. 
“Stay with me today,” he said. Christian stopped running his hand through my hair and waited for my answer. 
I breathed deep because separating from this fairy-tale was the only thing that would keep me sane. The longer I was with him, the harder it’d be to let him go. I didn’t deny my inner stalker.
“I don’t think that would be a good idea Christian.” I braced myself to pull awayfrom the most amazing lover I’d ever known.
“Then don’t think.” He tightened his grip. “It’s already five. We can sleep till afternoon. Half the day will be gone, then we can order lunch and watch movies the rest day. I’ll make you dinner and then I’ll let you go.”
He was talking my language. How many weekends had I spent in front of a movie marathon at home or at the theatre. Still I needed to get going if I was ever going to let go the promises he’s made unknowingly to me while I was in his arms, while he whispered in my ear and against my skin each time I came.
 “Give me today Elaina,” he said. In one night he read me like a book. He was asking for one day and what could a girl say to that?  
 I move my head to look at him. “I’ll give you today but I’m not much for sleeping in. For a matter of fact, I’m kind of hungry right now,” I said playfully trying to lighten the mood.
“Breakfast in bed coming right up.”
Completely unabashed by his nakedness he rose from bed, he flipped the light switch on the wall in the hall that I assumed led to the bathroom. That man had a fine ass to match the rest of his fine ass body. He used the bathroom and I heard water running before he came back in a pair of light grey pajama bottoms.  He threw the top to the set on the bench at the foot of the bed. 
“You’re welcome to use the shower if you’d like.” He walked around the bed and leaned down to kiss me lightly on my lips. “I’ll be right back with your breakfast.” 
I took him up on his offer to use his shower, but wished he had offered the large bathtub. I wasn’t much of a tub person, but for his—It was love at first sight. It was the largest cast iron, claw foot tub I’d ever seen. With brushed gold fixtures, it was deep enough to almost qualify for a wading pool. It had a place of honor in the very center of the bathroom,directly in front of a pair of doors leading onto a screened porch. 
I was complete naked but didn’t worry about the prying eyes of neighbors since the yard had large evergreen trees that reached to the heavens. There was a large shower stall to the left of the tub and a water closet to the right. Built-in glass front cabinets ran the length of the wall between the shower and vanity and a built in entertainment center between the water closet and the second vanity. The entertainment center had a large flat screen television. The remote was on a small table next to the tub. The bathroom was my second favorite place in the house.
This house was a dream and I wondered why Christian wasn’t married. He was a catch if ever there was one. Stepping in the shower, I let the water loosen stiff muscles from a night of marathon love making and couldn’t help but smile at the memory of it, and the realization that the gorgeous specimen of a man was at this very moment, downstairs making me breakfast. I washed and dried and put on the shirt that Christian left me. I checked my phone to make sure I didn’t have any messages from Mr. De La Cruz telling me I needed to come in the office today and then pulled my hair up in a ponytail using one of the holders I’d put in my purse the night before. Instead of going back to bed, I went to the porch off the bathroom.  
Christian found me sitting in one of the wicker chairs that had cushions thick enough to get lost in. He brought our breakfast with him. Sitting the tray down, he left me to go get coffee. He’d made scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast. There was an assortment of jellies and jams in covered silver pots with tiny silver spoons.  He cameback with a silver serving set. 
“You’re too much,” I said as he poured me a cup of coffee in a paper thin china cup with a red rose design. “Did I already tell you how beautiful your home is?” I asked. Yesterday seemed like a dream to me. Hell—today was a dream.
 “I’m glad to have someone here to can enjoy it.” 
The invitation was there. I didn’t miss it. But what he was asking was something I couldn’t give him. I’d stay today but tonight I was leaving.
We ate breakfast in relative silence. A strangely comfortable one. We shared the morning paper. He got a briefcase and laptop, while I made a second pot of coffee that we drank sitting on the back porch. It was a perfect Saturday morning and we spent it like an old married couple. I sat next to him and dozed off and was roused by a feather light kiss on the lips.  
“Nap time,” Christian whispered. Before I could move or protest, he picked me up and carried me back to bed. I didn’t know what time it was, I didn’t care. Part of me knew I should leave. The other part was too happy and satisfied with the way things were.  I felt the bed move as he got in with me. He pulled me into his arms and I drifted back off to sleep. 

CHAPTER FOUR

Two weeks had passed since my weekend spent with Christian; two glorious days where I allowed a man to take possession of me. I’d given in to his every command. It had been so long since I let those barriers down. Sneaky Christian at some point copied my cell number and texted me regularly asking when we could meet again. I’ve ignored his request so far. 
Mr. De La Cruz stayed out of the office a lot, which was a good thing.  I would have fucked him just to get the other man out of my system. 
“You’re in a good mood this morning.” Jamie, who was always sugary sweet and smiling, bless her heart, had on a sweater set from the late eighties. I wondered not for the first times who the hell dressed the girl. 
“Why yes I am Jamie,” I said smiling bigger. Today was the day. If my boss didn’t come to me I was going to him. I was a take charge type of girl. I was done waiting on him. “Has Mr. De La Cruz made it in yet?” I asked opening the door to my office.
“No he called about two minutes before you came in. He’s going to meet with the owners of the civic center and then he’s meeting with the designer for the remodel of a hospital up state. He said he’ll be in tomorrow morning, but he’d call once he was finished with the civic center people. He also wanted an update on the flooring and wanted to know if you could have Linda have it delivered to the sight instead of their warehouse.”
“Thanks Jamie, I’ll get right on that,” I said.
I shut my door and turned on my computer. I pull my phone out of my purse before putting it in the top drawer of my desk.  I had a text from Christian.

I can be just as stubborn and a thousand times more persistent. Check your email.

My heart was somewhere right behind my tongue as I waited for my computer to get to my home page. I cursed the IT department for setting the damn thing up so that about a zillion fucking programs had to start behind the scenes. I was tapping my foot and biting the corner of my lip by the time my desktop loaded and the little arrow stop doing the swirly thing to let me know that I was a go to start work. 
I opened my email and had to wait for it to load the ton of emails I get every day. I was about to check my junk folder when I saw his name pop up at the top of the still loading emails. 

Elaina,
You are proving to be quite stubborn. Something I find appealing, yet nerve racking. The weekend we spent together haunts me. There’s no other way to describe it. I’m out of town for most of the week but will be back on Thursday. Have dinner with me Friday at seven at our restaurant. You’re running. I see that now. Give me a chance to explain why you shouldn’t. 
Christian

Our restaurant? I’d spent mostof Saturday night trying to leave his house. As Sunday morning greeted us, exhausted and worn out, I was once again asked to stay. I’d given him until noon and ended up leaving at seven Monday morning with just enough time to go home, shower and dress. I didn’t deny that being with him those two days seemed...right. But prolonged exposure to him could be dangerous, for him but more importantly, for me. At the end of the day I had to worry about me first. I hit reply and fired back my response.
. 
Christian,
I had a great time too, which is why I will be completely honest. I feel I should warn you with something along the lines of: Don’t start something you can’t finish. That being said, read between the lines and you’ll get my drift. I can’t offer you anything other than what I gave you this past weekend. It was two days and a few hours more than I’ve offered anyone else. Even if I was tempted to meet you for dinner, my week is going to be crazy. My company is in the middle of a huge project and my boss, as we type, is getting ready to bid on another. 
Thank you for a wonder two days.
Elaina

It seemed a little harsh but hey, making a clean break was what the situation called for.  It took three minutes for him to reply.

Elaina,
I read between the lines and also checked out all colors between black and white. I understand completely and am willing to discuss. Let me know what day and time works for you. I’m available anytime after Thursday six o’clock. I look forward to hearing from and seeing you. Have a great day. 
Christian

Okay, he seemed a little stalkerish. Did two wrongs make a right?  

*****

“Mrs. Freeman, can you please come to my office.”
The sound of my boss’s voice startled me. He had snuck past me. How did that happen?
“Be right there.”
My boss had fought a good fight, I had to hand it to him. He’d stayed out of his beloved office for a week and a half. I pulled the small compact from my purse and checked my make-up. I smoothed down the front of my skirt and grabbed the notebook on my desk. Today was the day. It had to be; it was as if the stars were in alignment for it. 
Jamie called in sick today leaving the office gloriously empty. The warehouse guys rarely came in the office except to clock out for lunch and we were still three hours away from the first lunch break. The icing on the cake was Mr. De La Cruz office had no windows. Hell, what more could a girl ask for. 
Christian had not sent me any more emails or text since Monday. It was Wednesday and with each passing day I felt impending doom looming in the horizon. Doom was my word for whenever I got the feelings of attachment for a man. I would be lying to myself if I continued to deny my feelings for Christian. He’d sparked something inside me that I had buried long ago. I had no desire to see the beast rear its ugly head. So yes, today I planned on fucking my boss. Right in his office.
As I walked the short hallway I smiled a secret smile. I hadn’t worn panties to work. It was as if I had a damn sixth sense. If having sex with my boss didn’t break the spell Christian put on me I was headed for trouble. It was bad enough I had to find another favorite restaurant. I grabbed the handle to my boss’s office and pushed opened the door. I didn’t need time to compose myself or to second guess. I had a job to do, a man to conquer.
“Yes, sir?” I closed the door gently behind me and went across the room and sat across from Mr. De La Cruz, cursing to myself because he was already seated and there was no way for me to see if he was aroused. I’d have to guess he was. He sported that damn erection around me like a badge of honor and had been since I was promoted to general manager. I think before that he thought me too young. I’ve matured in my five years since he hired me. I’d been fresh off the bus from a small town named Bumfuck; stick thin, homely and scarred. Not anymore. God bless retail therapy and good genes. 
“We’ll be going to Vegas next week to a contractor’s conference and tradeshow for three days. Book us two suites. You’ll need business and evening attire.Call Phillip Lacy from Zenith Industries and tell him I’ll need him to cover the expense of the hotel and food while we’re there and find a second vendor to pay for the plane tickets.Get a check cashed for ten thousand dollars from the petty cash account when you go to the bank to make the deposit this week.We need to hire a second receptionist for the front office.”
For close to thirty minutes I worked my pen across the pad as he gave the orders that would shape the next two days of my work week. I waited for him to get up and pace the room which he sometimes did, but he remained seated. He was showing great restraint. Sometimes he’d linger behind me, looking down my blouse or laid his hand on my shoulder as if he couldn’t help himself from at least touching what he dared not asked for. Today.Nothing.
“Will that be all?” I asked.  
“Yes, thank you Ms. Freeman. Keep me updated.”
I stood up, “Of course, Mr. De La Cruz.”  
Walking back to my office I entered everything on my calendar, punching my keys with enough force to break them. Maybe my boss had gotten me out of his system. I started mental plans on where I’d go after work.
The rest of the day went by uneventful. I stayed later than usual. I booked the suites and gotten replies from the vendors that would be sending reimbursements for the Vegas trip.  I touched bases with Linda and she was tighter than a tick on a dog’s ass when it came to tracking the flooring. It was set to be delivered next week while we would be out of town. I sent an email to Jamie to let her know what to do if any problems arose while I was out of the office. 
“You’ve been here long enough, time to go home Ms. Freeman.”
I finished typing and turned my chair to face my boss. He stood in the door leaning against the frame with his arms crossed in front of his chest. The man may be fifty, but he was fine. He could still do a lot of the work required on the job sites and often helped. He was a worker, pure and true. I’d had many fantasies about those big strong hands being on my body.
“I’ll wrap up here in a minute. Are you off?” I leaned forward, putting my elbows on my desk. My reward? Mr. De La Cruz cock twitching behind the fabric of those nicely pressed khaki’s he favored. It was all the incentive I needed. I stood and walked around my desk. As I approached my victim he lowered his arms and took a deep breath. His exhale roared: FINALLY!
“I feel we should set some ground rules, Mr. De La Cruz,” I said as I took his hand. He came willingly. Thank God for small miracles. “This is what it is and nothing more; no strings, no attachments...agreed.” 
I backed up until my ass hit the desk. I still held one hand lightly as I looked into his eyes. Making sure there was only lust in them and nothing else. No confusion, or the promise or hope for anything more, before I’d gone too far to turn back. 
“Agreed.”
I smiled at the panted word. I swear his erection was growing in his pants. I dropped his hand and rubbed his dick through his pants never breaking eye contact. Immediately he started to grind against my hand as his own went to my ass.
“And when we’re done, we’re going to go about as if nothing ever happened because we are two adults. I’m not breaking up any happy homes, and you’re not going to fuck up my livelihood.”
He shook his head while I unbutton the fly of his pants and reached into his boxers. Mr. De La Cruz was well hung.  
“Agreed.” The word was a harsh guttural whisper. Mr. De La Cruz raised my skirt. When his hands hit the bare flesh of my ass his dick jumped in my hand. 
“Last thing,” I panted because now I could barely wait. “No mouth kissing.”
The words were seconds from his lips. My boss lifted me onto my desk, pulled my hips forwarded and wasted no time guiding his dick to my already slick folds. He entered me as if he had been a drowning man and I was his life raft. In one single stroke he was hilt deep. The agonizing pleasure was nothing short of heavenly. I leaned back on my elbows and looked on as my boss watched himself work me. His gaze locked on the place where he’d put that well hung cock. He’d worn his hair loose today and as he pumped his hips his hair fell around his lowered face. I hissed when he stroked my clit. 
He was a skilled lover. The initial frenzied heat of first contact passed and he slowed the panicked thrust to a nice slow grind, working his thumb in a sensual circular motion over my clit with his fingers spread out over my lower abdomen. It didn’t take me long to come. I was still riding the waves of my orgasm when Mr. De La Cruz grabbed my hips in a vise like grip and slammed into what felt like the very beginning of me. Each push and retreat had me fighting to hold his rigid cock inside the snug confides of my sex. He came with his head thrown back and something of a growl that was so damn sexy I almost came again. I kicked myself for waiting so long for this.
He pulled out of me and I remained seated on my desk as he righted his clothes. It wasn’t until he looked as put together as he did when he walked into the office that he looked at me. My skirt was still hitched above my waist. He ran a finger over my swollen and throbbing clit once sending a shiver through my body.
“I’d like connecting rooms in Vegas, Ms. Freeman.”
“Of course sir.”

I arrived at work the Thursday thinking that Mr. De La Cruz was not going to show up. Wrong. He’d beat me to the office and Jamie was there at her desk. I was slightly disappointed. Even after fucking my boss I’d gone home and worn my batteries down on my vibrator. I had feelings for Christian, but mystery man was still in my thoughts. His touch staked a claim. He’d started a fire that only he could put out. 
“Good morning Ms. Freeman,” Jamie said as I entered the office. I felt bad for the poor girl. It was obvious she was still sick. She looked like hell. I made plans to send her home early sothe boss and I could have another go at it. 
“You look like shit Jamie maybe you should go home.” 
Okay. So I couldn’t wait. If the sound Mr. De La Cruz made yesterday was the norm there was no way we’d be able to play at work with Jamie only several feet from his office door.
“Maybe later, I feel bad for not coming in yesterday and I see I really need to prepare for next week.”
I had to give her credit, she was a trooper. I’d have to speak to Mr. De La Cruz about getting her a laptop and phone, at least that way she could work from her home when she was sick. 
“Okay, but if you feel worse let me know. Sometimes the body just needs some downtime to regroup.”
I went into my office closing the door and called the hotel to revise the room accommodations. They were downgraded since there were no suites with connecting doors but I’d gone to the hotel website and even the downgraded rooms were better than any place I’d stayed in. I was forwarding the flight itinerary to Mr. De La Cruz when the message alert sounded on my phone. I sent the email before picking it up and my breath stopped when I saw it was from Christian. I’d fooled myself into believing that he wouldn’t contact me today. We’d gone all week without confirming any plans. I hit the end key without reading the message. I’d deal with it later.
“Ms. Freeland will you come to my office please.”
“Be right there.” Distraction, just what a girl needed. I picked up my notebook and headed for his office. 
“There are a few areas we left uncovered yesterday,” Mr. De La Cruz began after I was settled.
“Excuse me sir?”  I went through all instructions he’d given me in the last week. I’m pretty organized and I kept him updated daily so I wasn’t sure what he’d found.
“Are you on birth control Ms. Freeman,” he asked. 
I nodded slowly as I clenched my thighs. It seemed Mr. De La Cruz was up to playing after all. The sex in his gaze and voice had me wet and squirming in my seat. Mr. De La Cruz sat back in his chair and rubbed the top of his desk before patting it several time. I’d been called.
I got up from my chair, leaving the notebook and pen in the empty seat and rounded the desk. Mr. De La Cruz backed his chair up to give me access to the desktop. 
“And are you clean?” He asked looking me in the eye. I gave him another slow nod. 
I love powerful men. It’s something in them that others lack. It’s not about money. There’s something extra in the way they talk, the look in their eye, the way they carry themselves. Doctors, cops, bouncers, managers, hell even high school principles, had all gotten me hot just at the sight of them. Mr. De La Cruz had the same look in his eye now as he did when he was negotiating some big project or haggling with a vendor over pricing for materials: determined, intense, unwavering in his resolve to get what he wanted and exactly how he wanted it. It was hot as hell.
“Lay back.” The growled command and the slow stimuli to my clit were driving me closer to the edge. 
“Your smell has been driving me insane for the last two years Mr. Freeman.” 
I looked at the ceiling as I my boss took my feet and propped them on the armrest of his chair. He pushed my skirt up over my hips and grabbed my knees pushing my legs apart. He grabbed the fabric of the skimpy thong and slid his finger down the elastic edge until he worked the tiny scrap of material aside. “I’ve wanted to taste you for so long.”
Okay...breathe. In all my fantasies about my boss I’d never thought of him going down on me. My legs were wide on either side of his wide shoulders. The finger that spread the lips of my sex increasedon my highly sensitized clit. My breath became labored when he pushed two fingers inside me. I dared not close my eyes. I am a quiet lover but the sensations running across my body is too much and I want to scream, to hell with a moan. I settle on heavy panting. 
“Do you taste good Ms. Freeman?” 
I wasn’t sure if it was a rhetorical question but I answered the only way I could; I shrugged.
“Ms. Freeman?”
Okay. So he was waiting on an answer. I answered truthfully. “I don’t know.”
“Oh, I bet you do Ms. Freeman. I bet you taste as good as I imagined,” he whispered, and seconds later his tongue replaced that glorious finger. 
I clapped my hand over my mouth to stop the scream. I rolled my hips trying to escape his all too eager and very pleasing mouth.  Mr. De La Cruz ate me until the ensuing climax left me quivering; left me jerky every time he touched me. He kissed the inside of each of my thighs and then stood up. I lowered my hands from my mouth to my sides. I didn’t move and it was taking a moment to get my breathing under control. 
“That’ll be all Ms. Freeman. Thank you.” He straightened my thong, offered me his hand and helped me straightened my clothes. 
I was just sitting back at my desk after making a quick trip to the lady’s room when my phone rang. 
“Elaina Freeman,” I answered holding the phone between my shoulder and ear. 
“You’ve not answered me Elaina.”My breath stopped and my grip on the phone tightened. Needless to say I was not expecting the call. 
“Elaina?” The one word was a command. 
“Yes Christian.” Standing and closing the door to my office, I closed my eyes and pinched the bridge of my nose. God how I had hoped he’d forgotten about me. “The answer is no,” I said sitting back at my desk. “Christian I can’t,” I added. 
“You mean you won’t,” he said. 
“Whichever answer that makes it easier.” 
Christian was quiet. We held the phone in silence. The passing of each second was a nail in my coffin. I was weak. I was going to fold if I didn’t disconnect from this call. So I waited.
“Have dinner with me tonight Elaina.”
God the sound of his voice—the sound of his voice saying my name. What I would give to hear it every day, every morning as I woke up in his arms, as he whispered it against my skin while he made love to me, like he had the weekend we spent together.
“Yes,” I whispered. 
Shit. I’m Fucked.

Felix De La Cruz typed in the command to pull up the video feed to the cameras in the office. He had them installed before they took over the building. It was one of the reasons they had been behind schedule in their move. The cameras were worth every single delay he thought as he sat at his desk and watched her move through the office. He was able to see her every step, even when she went into the little bathroom off her office.
Her taste was still in his mouth, her smell on his fingers, on his lips and in his nose. The feel of her was on his tongue, a brand on his frontal lobe. He stroked his erection through the pants. He’d wanted to fuck her, but the memory of how it felt to slide inside her yesterday was enough for him to know better. There was no way he would have been able to keep quiet when he came. Just thinking about it had a low moan escaping his throat. The sight of those slick folds separating as his cock slid between them and inside her. The snug fit and warmth was like going home. 
They’d played a good game, he and Ms. Freeman. Fought a good fight. But they belonged together. He smiled; happy that she saw it too. How long had he waited?  How long had he tried to figure out if they wanted the same thing? The signs were there, but he’d never allowed himself to hope it was possible. The flirting they did in the office was not proof that she wanted him. 
She’d walked into the office five years ago; new to the area and with no real work experience. She was so young, nineteen, but already a woman. He could see it in her eyes, how she carried herself. She was ready even then. He’d hired her on the spot for the position. But he had so much more planned for her. He stood up and walked to the back wall of the office. The safe was behind a picture he’d taken himself when he’d gone to Rome with his wife. Swinging the picture from the wall he unlocked the safe and pulled out the small black velvet box. Inside a five carat, flawless, emerald cut diamond set in platinum. He’d bought the ring two years ago. He’d almost given up hope of ever being able to present it to her, but he’d never gotten rid of the ring. He couldn’t sell it and he sure wasn’t going to give it to his wife. They thought of it being on any woman’s hand but Ms. Freeman’s was unthinkable. 
But she was no longer Ms. Freeman. She could finally be Elaina and very soon Elaina De La Cruz. He put the ring in the safe. He would put it in his briefcase before leaving the office tomorrow. Monday they would be together in Vegas. He could hardly wait. He had not planned on going to the conference but after spending almost a week out of the office he decided it was time to make a move. The flirting between the two of them had gotten increasingly worst. He was always hard around her. She didn’t seem to mine; as a matter of fact, he was pretty sure she liked it, even encouraged it. Yesterday she hadn’t even worn panties to work. The thoughthad him rearranging his erection in his pants as he walked back to the desk. When they came back from Vegas things would be different. He could hardly wait. 

CHAPTER FIVE

I pulled up in front of the restaurant at six fifty. I walked in and Christian rose from his seat at the bar. The war raging inside me was in full battle. I liked him enough, too much really, for a two day fling. But he liked me too. Oh God, he was just so damn sexy. I was set up for failure the moment he sat down next to me.His gait was so sexy I took a deep breath. He laid a soft hand on my shoulder and bent down to kiss me on the corner of my mouth. Tonight he wore a black suit, white shirt and ruby red tie. He put his arm around my waist before turning to the hostess. 
“Your table is ready Christian.”
Okay why did it work my nerves that the girl addressed him so informally? My nerves were shot when she led us to the table instead of calling one of the waiters over, to the same booth that I’d sat in when I first met him. I couldn’t help notice the little something extra she put in the swing of her hips as she walked. I was fuming but Christian was watching me. 
Christian placed our orders and waited for the sweet little hostess to leave before turning to me. He leaned in close to me. 
“My sweet Elaina, why do you run?”I didn’t use my words I just shook my head. I didn’t trust myself to open my mouth. “I’ll catch you,” he whispered before kissing my neck.
“No.” I breathed. I shook my head while my heart and soul nodded, please catch me. I wanted to be caught. There was something about this man that made me want more. It was dangerous. 
“Yes sweet Elaina.”
I breathed deep and leaned back so that he would look at me instead of distracting me. This shit had to be nipped in the bud, and right now. 
“Christian...look, trust me, I’m saving you here. Be smart and walk away. I’m damaged goods. I’m fucked up. I will be clingy, possessive, insecure, irrational, jealous, and I’m pretty sure I have dormant stalker like tendencies.  I will be a weepy, hysterical, restraining order waiting to happen the moment you break my heart.” 
There. Who I was in a nutshell.
I was not expecting the slow smile. He shook his head slowly; either denying what he’d heard or disagreeing with it. “No, Elaina, I wouldn’t let that happen.” 
“How can you say that? Can you see the future Christian?” 
God can’t the man take a damn hint? 
“I don’t need this. It took me a long time to get to the place I am,” I said leaning further away from him. “If not for your own wellbeing than for mine, I can’t do it Christian,” I finished. 
I’m not a crying kind of woman. The tears that I shed after my first time with Christian were shocking, still puzzling and something I was working very hardon forgetting. But this was the first time I’d had to warn off a one night stand. Most men just hit it and were gone or glad that I made it easy on them by disappearing myself. Now my throat was a tight and salty from tears I was fighting like a motherfucker.
“Elaina, what I know is that I like you. We have a connection that I refuse to ignore. No, I can’t see the future but I know I want to see what it holds with you and us. I won’t hurt you Elaina. I’d never hurt you.”
I shook my head because that’s exactly what he would do. Even if he didn’t mean to, anything short of happily ever after would end disastrously for me. And since the luggage I carried had screwed me up beyond repair, the only ending I was guaranteed was anything but happy. Unless I could get a selective amnesia procedure.
 “You make promises that you can’t keep,” I said.
 I’d never had a relationship that ended anything but badly. It was the reason why I didn’t date. Sex on my terms was all that I could handle. I’d given this man a weekend of my life. 
Christian tried to take my hand and I took it from him. I didn’t want to cause a scene, but Christian seemed determined to continue with the ridiculous conversation. The damn man would not take no for an answer. 
“I’m not going to allow you to run from me Elaina. Whatever demons you have I’m ready to help fight them,” he said hitting too close to home. 
“What do you know of fighting demons Christian?” I said. “I don’t need you to be some knight in shining armor. I’m not a helpless maiden in distress that needs a man to come in and save the day,” I said, keeping my voice low. 
Now he was angry. I swear the blue in his eyes got darker. He grabbed my wrist and when I tried to pull away from him he refused to let go. 
“I’ve thought of you every day since you walked out of my damn house. I see you when I sleep, when I’m awake. Hell, I see you when I blink. I saw how you let your guard down over the weekend. I could almost see it being shed like some kind of second skin. I am well aware that there are things that I don’t know or understand but I am not going to walk away just because you’re afraid. If you don’t want be in a relationship with me than at least give me friendship.”
A trap. I knew it. But his face told me that he was determined. The hope that I felt in what could be between us had sent me running that Monday morning. It had kept me from answering his email. I should have never spent the night with him. I should have never let the actions of mystery man drive me into this man’s arms after his little show. Taking a resetting breath I surrendered. “Okay Christian.”
“Okay Christian what?”
“Okay, I’m willing to try,” I whispered. 
How far could I fall for Christian if I had Mr. De La Cruz to keep me anchored? He was my ace in the hole. What we started would keep me in my place. 
 He nodded, a jerk of his head, and turned to the waiter who was approaching our table with the wine that Christian had ordered. He loosened his tie before pulling it over his head and stuffing it in his pocket and then unbuttoned the top button of his shirt. I sat quietly taking in the sight of the man who thought he could tame the demon inside me. The man who thought he could slay what raged inside me. He motioned for the waiter to pour our wine. He picked up his glass and turned to me as I took a sip of mine.
“Will you come home with me tonight Elaina?”
“Yes Christian,” I said over the rim of my glass. Because let’s face it, I was beat. I was at the mercy of this man whenever I was in his presence. He was right. My walls were crumbling. It scared me to death.
He took my hand and stroked the back of it with his thumb. “Tell me about your week. Did your boss get the new job?” 
Let the games begin. Christian slipped into the casual conversation like we were the old couple that I thought of that Saturday morning sitting on his balcony, eating breakfast, reading the newspaper. 
“It’s not determined. We won’t know for a week or so, maybe even a month. How was your trip?” I asked. 
“Old women with lots of money are fickle creatures,” he said with a smile.
“Your client likes you.” I could tell. His smile gave it away.
“Yes, well...” 
“I can’t blame her,” I said.
Christian stared at me as he drank his wine and not one to back down, I met his gaze. By the time our salads arrived we both were in better places. Passing time with Christian was as easy tonight as it was when we shared breakfast. I had to admit it was something I could get use to.  

*****

“Bring some clothes over.”
I stopped zipping my skirt and looked at Christian over my shoulder. He had just come from the bathroom and still wore pajama bottoms. It was seven in the morning and I had just enough time to get home, shower and get dressed for work if I hustled. 
“Are you serious?”  
I finished zipping my skirt and bent over to pick up my shoes. Sitting down in one of the overstuffed end chairs, I started buckling one of the ankle straps. Christian bent down and helped with the other. When he finished he ran his hand up my calf. It was an innocent enough action but I never escaped me how right his hands felt on my body or how my body responded each time he touched it. 
“For the nights you spend over here during the week,” he kissed me on the corner of my mouth and stood up. 
“You could always come to my place,” I said putting my hands on my hips. It was bullshit.I would much rather spend my free time in his mini-mansion and in his bed that seemed to call to me even now.
“I could. Maybe I’ll show up with a suitcase later today.”
I laughed. The laugh that keep you from screaming...or maybe crying.I was falling for him hard. Who was I kidding? I’d fallen for him hard. Just like I knew I would. Granted he was not really helping. He seemed as determined to rush head on into a serious relationship. I shook my head and walked away. He followed behind me silently. I picked up my purse from the running board next to his front door grabbing my keys before turning to him. 
“We’ll see.” It was all I could promise. “I leave Sunday morning for Vegas. There’s a contractor’s convention. I’ll be gone the whole week.”
  I’d completely forgotten about the trip. So much had happened last night. After dinner Christian had made the same slow love to me that he had the first time.It was like he’d been waiting for me his whole life, and had the rest of it to relish every minute that came after.Christian leaned on the wall looking down at me with those sexy blue eyes. I held my ground waiting on his reply. I took a step to leave because I didn’t want to be late for work.  Christian grabbed me around my waist pulled me close to him and gave me a kiss that left me weak in the knees. 
“Well I guess we need to make the most out of the weekend.”
Breathless.
 I stared into the eyes of my new lover. In arms I felt like I belonged in, ones I hated to leave and would rush the day along so that I could be back in them. 
“I’m going to be late,” I said pulling away from him. “I’ll see you tonight, is seven okay?” I asked, opening the door.
“Five,” he countered.

*****

I arrived five minutes late to work. Jamie was seated at her desk and informed me as soon as I had a foot in the door that Mr. De La Cruz had called to say he wouldn’t be in. He’d already emailed me the night before but I thanked her anyway. Today she had on an unfortunate pea green shirt. The worn out elastic around the neck had me shaking my head. 
“Jamie have Mark clear an area in the warehouse near the front dock door. The ceiling tiles and light fixtures will be arriving today. He’ll need to rearrange some of the warehouse lunch schedules too.”
“Of course.” Jamie had the phone already in her hand. I really liked her.
I went in my office and closed the door. I was looking forward to seeing the boss. I needed to be grounded after the night spent with Christian.  I wondered what my new man had planned for tonight. Five only gave me one hour to get home, pack an overnight bag for his place, not to mention a bag for the week in Vegas. I’d have to call Christian to let him know that I’d needed more time. Mr. De La Cruz told me I’d need evening attire, which meant a trip to the mall. Maybe I could squeeze that in on the lunch hour that I never took. I took my phone out of my purse before turning on my computer. I had to find my laptop bag since it was it was going with me when I left for the day. My Friday was shaping up to be a real doozy. 
A zillion phone calls and emails later I took my purse out of the drawer when I heard Jamie coming back from her lunch break. 
“Jamie, I’m running an errand. Hold down the fort and call me if you need me,” I said as she clocked in.
“No problem,” she said smiling as she sat at her desk. “Have a good lunch Ms. Freeman.”
The mall wasn’t too packed at one in the afternoon. I was in the dressing room trying on what seemed like my tenth evening gown when I heard my phone ring. 
“Hello,” I said smiling. Christian had programmed his number in my phone sometime while I slept. He’d also changed his profile ringtone. 
“How’s your day going Elaina?” I swear he did it on purpose. To hear that man say my name did something to me.  I tried to hold the phone between my ear and shoulder but it fell. 
“Shit,” I muttered as I rushed to pick it up. “Hold on Christian,” I said as I scrambled to find the elusive device that had fallen into the sea of fabric around my feet.
I could hear Christian chuckle as I put the phone back to my ear. “Okay, sorry about that. I’m at the mall buying an evening gown.” I held up a black gown I had already tried on. I would buy one gown and one cocktail dress. If I needed anything else I’d buy it in Vegas. 
“There’s no needed for a gown, I don’t have anything that fancy planned for this weekend.”
“It’s for my trip to Vegas Christian. By the way, I’ll be at your place at six. I have to pack before my flight sometime this weekend and I might as well get it over with.”
It took a moment to realize just how long he’d been quiet on the phone. I was a little preoccupied making a dress decision. Dammit, I’d need shoes too. My hour had been up ten minutes ago. I didn’t like taking extended leave from the office. I led by example.
“I’ll come to your place at four thirty and help you pack. I can drop you off at the airport Sunday.”
The sound of his voice gave me pause and I lowered the dress I was holding. “Is everything okay Christian.” 
Possessiveness was not something I saw in the man. I was surprised to hear it in his tone butit also made me excited, nervous, anxious, suspicious, and a slew of other things. I wasn’t the only one falling fast. This can’t be good or maybe it was too good to be true. 
“Of course, I’m just counting down the minutes until I have you back Elaina.”
 He was a drug; my own personal goddamn crack. “I love when you say my name,” I whispered in the phone. My heart fluttering a little at his comment and the possessiveness I heard in it earlier. 
“I love saying it,” he replied and ended the call. 
If hearing my name gave me chill bumps, hearing the word love gave me heart palpitations. I stood holding the phone to my ear as the playback of his voice echoed in my head.

 So lunch took two hours. Mr. De La Cruz didn’t call, nor did he send any emails. I forwarded him the end of the day report after doing the final walk through. After setting the alarm I drove home, stopping to get a cup of coffee. Juggling coffee, two garment bags, purse and laptop, I cursed while I rearranged things in my arms. I hate making more than one trip.
“Let me help Elaina,” Christian said surprising me. I almost dropped everything. Turning I smiled as he took everything but my coffee and purse and gave me a kiss before motioning with his loaded hands for me to lead the way.
“You scared the shit out me.” I said, opening my purse and taking out my keys. I looked around to see if a cab had dropped him off. Of course not, Christian car was the new Mercedes S-Class, white, convertible, so clean he could have driven it off the showroom floor moments ago. 
“Nice car,” I said opening the door.
“It gets me around,” he said smiling down at me. 
Thank God I was a neat person. I hadn’t been expecting Christian to visit, but my two bedroom apartment was immaculate. I threw my purse on the couch and took the laptop bag from Christian and placed it next to the door before grabbing the garment bags and we headed upstairs.
“Your place is nice.” He was standing at the foot of the bed. 
 I was in the closet grabbing my matching set of pink polka dot luggage. I threw the largest on the bed and went to the bathroom to pack the smallest first. I was a firm believer in you can never pack too much. I’d be gone three days which meant I needed no fewer than twenty outfits. Moving to the bathroom I took out my already packed travel case of cosmetics that included full size shampoo, conditioner and soaps. Ordinarily I would have taken my own towels but the hotel was top notch so I was guessing they would have pretty decent towels and pillows too.
I packed while Christian kept me company. When I was finished we loaded my luggage in the trunk of his car and he took me to a dive not far from the club where I’d first encountered mystery man. The food was delicious. We were wildly over dressed but everyone knew Christian by name and there were lots of handshakes and hugs and kisses. He called the heavyset woman sitting behind the counter Mama, and I was pleasantly surprised to be hugged and kissed by everyone I was introduced to. 
“How do you know all those people,” I asked. 
We decided to take an after dinner stroll.  My hand was in the crook of his arm and we walked shoulder to shoulder down the river front. 
“My dad took me there when I was growing up. We would sneak there every Saturdayfor breakfast or lunch. I was grown before my mom told me she knew about the place.” 
“They seemed to love you,” I said as we stopped and sat down at a bench overlooking the water.  
“They do. I love them too.” 
That’s when I realized just how much we didn’t know about each other. I was taking clothes to his house to put in his closet for the days I spent the night and I hadn’t even known he was alone in life. Just like me. But I wasn’t ready to get that personal with him yet. Questions about his life would bring forth questions about mine, and that was somewhere I just wasn’t ready to go. 
“So when do I meet the mysterious roommate?” 
The look was strange at the mention of the roommate I’d yet to see.even though I’d spent the night over his house. 
“Soon I think,” he said. “You ready to go home Elaina,” he asked kissing me on the top of my head. 
No, it didn’t escape me either. He’d said home. Not my house or my place; just simply home, as if it was mine too. We walked to the car filling each other in on our day.  Christian made everything so easy. I leaned my head back on the headrest and let the smooth ride of the luxury car lull me almost to sleep. I’d had very little rest last night and was tired. I was glad I had a day before going to Vegas. Christian led me to the den and made us drinks and we sat at the bar for a while before going to bed. Christian brought a bottle of the best wine I’d had to bed. I laid in his arms as we watched an old black and white movie we caught on TV. It was the perfect night. 
I woke up very aroused, with soft kisses on my neck, a hand between my legs, and a whole lot of man sliding back and forth effortlessly between my slick thighs. I moaned and joined in the gentle rocking of my partner. 
“Elaina,” Christian whispered between kisses on my neck and shoulders. I turned my head to give him my lips.
 The no kissing on the mouth rule seemed not to apply to him. I’d never even given the command. For a matter of fact, I couldn’t get enough of them from him. I craved them. I loved them. It was one of the things he didn’t always do soft or gentle. Sometimes his kisses took ownership, and it was fine with me. It dulled the ache I still had for mystery man. 
Twice he’d approached me at the club. Three times I’d seen him. I didn’t know his name but he was well acquainted with very private parts of my body. His touch released a slow acting poison he was the antidote for. Even with Christian’s constant touch that held promises of what could be, and Mr. De La Cruz grounding touch. I still burned for the one that had stopped my breath the first time he laid hands on me. 
I gasped as Christian pushed inside me and kept the same slow grind. He filled me completely driving me to orgasm while stroking my clit within minutes of me becoming fully awake. He withdrew long enough to turn me on my back and reentered as soon as he settled between my spread legs. Grabbing one knee and throwing it over his shoulder he lowered his upper body so he could kiss me and look in my eyes as I fought to keep consciousness with each roll of his hip.
He could have been fucking me for hours I was so lost in his eyes. When he finally started to move faster to achieve his own release, I had already had two orgasms, which he never let me recover from. The feeling was something I’d never experienced before. It was the sweetest kind of torture.  His mouth opened slightly and a soft breath escaped right before the most exotic moan passed his lips. He thickened inside me and leaned down to kiss me as he came. 
“You are...” he started. He lay on top of me, and I gloried at each throb of the dick still inside me. “You are...” he tried again but still couldn’t finish. 
“I am...wonderful...unbelievable...incredible,” I offered rubbing big lazy circles on his back.
“All of the above,” he said. He grabbed my hair and held my head in place andgave me a kiss that passed passionate and went straight into something I had no name for or ever experienced.
 It was full of words that had not been spoken, nor would be, because there were none to adequately define the feelings that took over our bodies and souls when we were together.  
“Elaina what am I going to do with you?”  He said when he broke off the kiss and pulled me into his arms. 
I didn’t answer him because I was thinking the exact same thing. What was I going to do with him, and what was happening to us? I felt like we’d known each other our whole lives. He didn’t ask me again, so maybe he came up with the same answer. No fucking clue.

CHAPTER SIX

Malachi took his phone out of his pocket and smiled. Shaking his head he answered the call.
“I have a visual,” he said before giving his caller a chance to speak. He was having too much fun with the cloak and dagger shit his friend asked him to perform.
“She didn’t call when the plane landed,” Christian said.
“That’s probably because she hasn’t left her boss’s side since she boarded the plane. Let the damn woman check in. I’m sure she’ll call when she gets to her room.” 
“Just keep an eye on her,”
“What’s this about Christian?” 
His friend had never been so strange about a woman. It was an odd request to have him follow her, but hell, who didn’t like Vegas? Still Malachi couldn’t ignore that the situation could become... interesting, if he didn’t handle it just right. 
“Thanks man,” Christian said and ended the call. 
Nothing irked him more than how his best friend ended a call. Would it kill him to say good-bye? He should be use to it. God knew he’d been with him long enough, but it was one of those things that he just couldn’t stand about the man he knew would give him the shirt of his back. Malachi stepped from the entrance of the bar he was hiding in when he saw the woman take her room key and walk away from the front desk.

Malachi Porter looked at the back of the woman he very much wanted to fuck. It was his first time at the particular club and he’d gone at Brittney’s suggestion. Sitting at the table while he waited on the tiny raven haired vixen, he’d spotted the woman at the bar in a dress that covered her and didn’t at the same time. A black dress no bigger than an oversized handkerchief that looked more like something you slept in than worn in public. The plain black underwear showing through the lace dress covered her, and while he’d seen more skin on a beach, he was wildly aroused by the secrets just out of reach in the barely there covering on her body.
He’d watched. He imagined her naked. The sight of those full breasts lying heavy in the palm of his hands as he ran his thumbs across harden nipples or how his hands would look as he grabbed that tiny waist while he controlled her when he took her from behind.  He was fantasying about being buried between soft thighs and how her skin would feel on his when she noticed him. 
She was beautiful, stunning in a way that made every other woman look plain. Almond shaped eyes that slanted ever so slightly at the corners, an eloquent and diminutive nose and small lips that showed not a hint of artificial color. Her hair was a thick, wavy, wild mane that he couldn’t wait to tangle his hands in. He had to have her.
 She was very receptive to what he called his “sneak attack”. She stood so still when he put his hand around her neck. It’d made him hard. The thought of her coming while he cut her breath, her back pressed tight against his chest and his other hand between her legs made him dizzy. He wanted to taste her, to feel her wrapped tight around his engorged dick and screaming his name when she came. So he’d gone to her. Her smell almost brought him to his knees. The subtle feminine scent was what a woman should smell like. Not heavily perfumed but the soft smells of soap, shampoo and lotion. He could have stood all night with his nose in her hair. 
He’d planned on finding her the next weekend but what do you know...she showed up at that restaurant. He’d made up his mind to go to her table when he saw her masturbating while she looked at him. God, he’d gotten so hard watching her. She was in complete control all the way up until she came. There was no sound, just a slight parting of the lips. He’d rubbed himself while he watched. Well of course she couldn’t one up him. Brittany was an old playmate and she had no problems with him slipping his hand under her dress, but it was beautiful girl he’d thought of. And he’d thought of little else since seeing her.

Malachi had lost both his parents before he was old enough to form lasting memories. He knew what they looked like from the photos his aunt put in his room. She was nice enough, but was not his mother or his father. It never surprised him how much he loved the parents that he didn’t remember. He had the photos to thank for that as well, each one capturing an honest smile, shared moments caught between two people oblivious to all around them or loving looks at a son they’d never see grow up. His parents loved each other and him.
When he was older he was hard to handle for lack of a better description.He rebelled some; harmless fun, at least that’s what he called it. There were those that disagreed, his board of directors to name a few. Then he’d met Christian.  
He was a fellow rich kid from old money, but so unhappy. His parents were alive but nothing like the parents Malachi thought his own would have been like. Christian had finished his education and gone on to fill his father’s shoes. Malachi had dropped out after junior year and spent his time and his money traveling the world, having fun and fucking everything on two legs.  When Christian parents died he called Malachi, who was on the first flight out of Tokyo. He’d held his friend on the first pew of the church as he mourned his parents. He’d shed a tear for each one his friend shed.  When he’d moved in it was suppose to be a temporary thing. But he ended up sticking around. He occasionally traveled, but he always came back because Christian had become home.
 If there was one person that ever meant as much to Malachi as Christian it would have been Julia Winston, his first love. Julia was a friend of Christian’s from childhood. Both of their fathers were political powerhouses. He’d met her when she came home for his parents’ funeral. She was a world traveler and had a bit of a wild side to her that Malachi recognized and could appreciate. He’d fallen hard for her and fast. It took less than a month for him to declare his love. She was his partner in all things. There was nothing that he didn’t want to give her: houses, cars, jewels. She’d stolen fifty thousanddollars and his heart.  It’d almost destroyed him. 

Elaina’s boss had the adjoining room so he took the room across the hall. He unpacked his luggage. Yes, he was one of those people who unpacked during his stay in a hotel. His thoughts were where they seemed to have taken permanent resident only now Christian had moved in.  Why hadn’t he told Christian that he kind of knew Elaina? He was fairly certain he could watch her without her seeing him. The problem was did he want to?  Nothing had changed since the first time he’d seen her. He still wanted her and the feeling had only grown stronger. He should have stopped Christian before he approached her in the restaurant. Elaina looked at him first before turning to address his friend who stood beside her. 
He threw back his drink in one swallow and blew out a frustrated breath. How mad would Christian be if he slept with Elaina? Was it a forgivable offense?  Eventually it would all come out.  Malachi didn’t trust himself to be on his best behavior. He did love Vegas’ motto. He planned on very much leaving what happened in Vegas there, if anything happened. 
He sat his glass on the night stand, took off his clothes and was headed for the shower when he heard the door across the hall open. Through the peephole he saw Elaina. Her boss was standing next to her and he ran his hand down her back getting a little ass action before letting his hand fall to his side. In the day of sexual harassment Malachi was instantly suspicious.  Elaina was fucking her boss. Interesting. So he wasn’t the only one leaving something in Vegas.
Malachi took a nap, made a few more drinks, watched some television and checked in once with Christian before Elaina and her boss made it back to their rooms. They each played theirparts well. He went to his room, and she to hers, but Malachi knew it only took them to open the doors that separated the rooms for them to be together. He’d kept his suspicions to himself when he spoke to Christian. 
He went downstairs and waited at the bar across from where Elaina and her boss would be exiting the hotel. It didn’t take long for them to come downstairs. Elaina’s boss had on a pair of dark dress pants and white pressed shirt and black shoes. It seemed Elaina had a type. Only his hair gave him away as having a little bit of a wild side. He wore it long. It brushed his shoulders and tonight he wore it down, earlier he had tied it back. Elaina was a vision in a black silk jumpsuit. It was sleeveless with a big floppy bow at the neck. She had on a sleeve of gold bangle bracelets and gold earrings. Malachi thought for the hundredth time what a good looking woman she was.There was no inappropriate contact between her and her boss. She walked confidently at his side. He opened the door for her as they walked out to a bank of cabs. Malachi slipped out right behind them and gave the very theatrical “follow that cab” command to his cab driver. He watched as they joined a group of men for dinner that seemed business related. Elaina seemed in her element and Malachi noticed how almost all of the men looked at her when her focus was somewhere else.  After dinner she and her boss walked around the casino until about three and then went upstairs. Malachi stayed downstairs long enough to pick himself up something to keep him occupied. He hated cold impersonal hotel rooms. 

“Yeah,” Malachi answered the phone mid-stroke. He knew who it was. He hadn’t even bothered looking at his phone before answering it.
“Are you having sex?” 
Malachi would have sighed but at that moment the pretty little receptionist pushed her hips back.“You think?” He groaned. 
“I’ll talk to you tomorrow. I swear Malachi why even answer the phone?” Christian laughed, “No don’t answer.” 
Malachi threw the phone back on the bed and grabbed his plaything’s hips and sat back on his heels pulling her into his lap. She knew how to play. She opened her legs wide and one of his hands went to her clit while the other grabbed a nipple. He bit down on her shoulder as he worked her. My...she was a vocal little thing. It didn’t take long for her to have her third orgasm. Malachi pushed her back down on the bed, raising her ass in the air and fucked her hard until he came. 
“God that was so good,” the pretty little receptionist said. Malachi got up and made two drinks. He was shameless in his nudity, a trait he was glad to see in his bedmate. She was lying sated on the bed. The pillows, top sheet and comforter were on the floor. Malachi handed her a drink, sat his down on the nightstand and picked up the flat sheet but left the comforter on the floor.  Getting back in bed he turned on the television and they watched cartoons. Malachi pulled the receptionist into the arms and when she settled in nicely he worked very hard on remembering her name. Malachi was every woman’s one night stand fantasy, he liked to snuggle. It didn’t matter that he couldn’t remember her name; her soft body pressed against his was all that mattered.  He even spooned when they fell asleep.
The next morning he kissed the neck of his receptionist and sent her away with the promise of calling her again tonight. He wasn’t sure if that was a sure thing but she was definitely back up. He wondered if she would be opposed to company. He hadn’t had a good threesome in a while.
He went back to the bed and found his phone stuffed between the headboard and the mattress to call Christian back. “What’s up doc?”  
“Do you need me to move any money this month?” Christian managed Malachi money. He had since he’d graduated. 
“How much is in my expense account?” Malachi asked entertaining the nonsense his friend was talking. He knew good and damn well Christian hadn’t called him in the middle of the night to talk about money.
“Fifty.”
“Nah, I’m good. I’ll let you know if anything special comes up.” Fifty thousand was enough for around town money. He wasn’t planning on traveling anytime soon. “Anything else Christian.” he asked.
“No, I couldn’t sleep so I was up early today,”
“Um hmm.”

*****

The room was phenomenal. The first day had been rough. We hit the ground running right after getting settled. I hadn’t expected that but it was business first, play later. I’d been surprised so far at the level or respect the man got from the people that I’d met so far. I knew people knew him around town, but around the country?  
Tonight I was going to a ball. Some big wig being recognized for his contribution to building homes in low income areas around the country. I wasn’t surprised that Mr. De La Cruz knew him personally. I was excited. It was the first time I’d had an occasion to wear formal attire. I wished for some expensive, wonderful jewelry to wear. 
I stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around my body before going back into the room to make a drink. I missed my music, but oh well, you can’t have everything. Vodka tonic in hand, I went back to the bathroom and sat at the vanity in the large marble bathroom. I put a headband around my hair and started putting on my makeup. I was going for dramatic tonight. The black gown had no adornment. From the front it was plain to the point of boring with the exception of the split on the side that went up to my hip. The gown was a mock turtle neck with long sleeves but the back was a different story. The entire dress was open from just below my shoulders to the very crack of my ass. I wouldn’t even be able to wear a thong. 
Finished with my makeup I pulled my hair up in a loose top knot and put on the silver bar earrings that hung almost to my shoulders, they were the only jewelry I would wear.  I picked up my glass and went back to the bar to make a second drink when Mr. De La Cruz came through the door connecting our rooms.  He’d come every day. I’d expected nothing less. 
I watched from the bar as he walked to the king size bed. He stopped at the foot and started to remove his shirt. I sat my drink down on top of the cabinet that housed the bar and walked over to him. He was out of his shirt by the time I reached him. I helped him with his belt and zipper as he rubbed my shoulders and then down my arms. 
“Elaina,” he whispered.
He’d taken to calling me that here in Vegas. I couldn’t for the life of me call him anything other than Mr. De La Cruz. Not that I spoke any when we were having sex. Everyone he’d introduced me to he’d used my first name. He’d also taken to touching me; a hand on my elbow a quick caress of my back, nothing that was longer than a second, but still. 
He grabbed the end of my towel. It fell to the floor and he breathed in deeply. He did that a lot too. This I didn’t mind, it was like he’d won the damned lottery. Did a girl’s self-esteem good. I pushed his pants over his hips and he stepped out of them. His dick was already rock hard when I started to stroke it, grabbing it at the base, sliding my hand over the smooth skin to the head. He leaned down and kissed my shoulder. I was so glad he hadn’t tried to kiss me on the mouth. It was a rule I was not willing to break where he was concerned. 
He grabbed my breasts in his hands, rubbing my nipples with his thumbs before kissing each one. I leaned my head back and moaned. I had to hand it to him, he was good. He licked my nipple before taking it in his mouth. The other he rubbed and pinched, pulling the hard flesh between his finger tips. My body was alight with sensations. I was so wet I could feel my thighs becoming slick. 
My boss released his hold on my breasts and picked me up to lay me on the bed. I opened my legs as we lay down and grabbed his dick to position it to enter my body. I lifted my knees as far as they could go as the thick head of his cock entered me. He kept his head buried in my hair or to the side of my head as he fucked me, his breath came hard and fast as he worked us towards an orgasm. I met him stroke for stroke. He was a quiet lover until the very end. When he came a sound so raw it’s shocking rips from his throat. 
“Can you be ready in thirty minutes?” 
I was still lying on the bed. He was buttoning up his shirt which I thought weird since he was going into the next room to take it back off. He had not attempted to stay in my room. He left almost immediately after having sex with me each time. 
“Yes I can be ready in thirty minutes,” I said pulling my hair down. It would be a tight but doable schedule.
“Don’t shower.”
I was crawling off the bed and stopped to look at him. Sure we’d just had sex but the look made me wonder if I really wanted to go to the party. 
“Okay,” I said in a low voice. 
He left the room closing the door behind him. It’d been unlocked since the first day. Unlocking it had been the first thing I’d done. His door on the other side was always opened. Mine, he kept closed. Mr. De La Cruz was odd.

When Elaina stepped out of her room in that damn dress he knew she was going somewhere he couldn’t follow. Her boss came out of his room seconds later in a tuxedo. Elaina looked so good he felt like humping the door. The split up the side looked like it ended somewhere under her arm and where was the fucking back? A centimeter more and he could have seen the crack of her ass. The fabric was so fine he knew she was naked underneath it, and man, the fact that it hung on her body so well made him know once off—herbody was to die for. 
He went to dinner and back to his room. He called his sweet little receptionist for a favorite. Ten minutes later he had a key to Elaina’s room. He checked the door connecting the room and found it unlocked.He walked to the end of the suite starting at the sunk-in den area. Her laptop was open, but off on the desk in front of the floor to ceiling window. The blinds were closed but he knew the view, he had a similar one in his own room. She’d made vodka tonics and drank a bottle of water. Walking up the three steps he went back to the bedroom area, passed the unmade bed and went to the closet.Good Lord was she staying the month? The closet was almost filled to capacity with clothes, shoes and handbags. There were a few pieces in clear plastic from sending her clothes down to be cleaned. He put his nose into the hanging fabric and took a deep breath. It was a little perverted but he couldn’t help himself. 
He left the room and went back across the hall and waited for her to come back.  He heard them return about three in the morning and it took every ounce of strength in him not to get up and cross the hall. What a shock it would be for everyone. There was no chance in hell her boss was not making a beeline through that shared door to get him some.He was a sharing man but something about Mr. Boss said he wasn’t. He didn’t like him. It wasn’t just envy, and it wasn’t jealously, something just didn’t sit well with Malachi when he thought about Elaina with the old timer. 
He fell asleep on the sectional sofa in his suite. He’d gotten pretty drunk sitting there pretending to watch television, but in truth had spent the evening fantasizing about Elaina. At some point he’d taken off his clothes and they lay on the floor next to him. The TV was still on and paid programming told him for the low price of nineteen ninety nine he could have not one, not two, but three of whatever was being hocked.  He crossed the room and opened the mini-fridge and grabbed a bottle of water and drank it all right there before heading for the shower. On instinct he went to the peephole. He had no idea what time it was. Elaina and her boss were surely already gone.  Malachi found himself amused when he saw a small white woman enter the boss’s room. He figured it was none other than Mrs. Boss. He chuckled as he walked back to his bed to call Christian.
“Speak.”
“Mrs. Boss just showed up,” Malachi said still laughing. There was silence on the other end. He’d expected his friend to say something.
“Thanks,” Christian said. The line went dead. But sour-puss couldn’t dampen Malachi’s mood. What a sweet surprise for Mr. Boss. He couldn’t wait. He wondered if Mrs. Boss found the connecting door unlocked. He decided to help Elaina. He put on his shirt and pants and slipped into her room and locked the door before the wife could discover the sin committed in the city by her husband.
After taking a shower he lay across the bed and watched television while he waited. The cleaning lady came in and Malachi watched her as she went about straightening his room. He looked at her like he did most attractive women. He studied her as she moved about. She had strong arms and legs under the plain pale-yellow dress uniform, a nice ass and pretty hair in a ponytail. She kept looking over her shoulder and Malachi would smile at her every time she did. He wondered how many times she’d been propositioned for sex. He gave her a tip before she left for the ogling. Women didn’t have to be undressed for him to enjoy their form. Figuring out what lies beneath qualified as foreplay. 
It was mid-afternoon whenhe ran to the door and looked out the peephole as soon as he heard the first sound coming from across the hall. He was giddy with excitement. He would have paid good money to see Elaina’s boss’s face when he walked in his room to find his wife in there. Mr. Boss copped a feel before Elaina went in her room. 

That night he watched as Mr. and Mrs. Boss and Elaina exited their rooms. Elaina had on a black silk shirt dress that stopped just past that beautiful ass. The sides came up higher exposing thighs meant to be kissed. The stiletto strappy sandals did wonders for those already fabulous legs. She had on a thick gold belt and matching accessories.
They went to a party within the hotel pavilion. He was able to go to this party since Christian had bought tickets. He knew Malachi well and figured he’d have a date by tonight. Malachi had considered taking hot receptionist but decided against it.  He watched from the sidelines as all the big wigs hugged and kissed Mrs. Boss.  Elaina walked around the room drawing all eyes to her. There was more than one husband or boyfriend not getting any tonight as mates were momentarily forgotten in Elaina’s wake. He pushed off the wall when he saw Elaina stake claim next to the bar. Taking a long route he was able to come up behind her. He stood close behind her without touching. He could smell her soap, her shampoo.
She raised her drink; scotch tonight, took a sip and sighed.  He took a step closer and rested his hand on her hip. Her body jumped but she didn’t move away. His other hand rubbed against the back of her thigh. 
“You smell good beautiful girl,” he whispered. 
“What are you doing here,” she said. 
Malachi smiled at her composure.  “I’m catching you beautiful girl.”  He moved his hand further up her dress.  “Are you ready to be caught?” 
“It seems that I’m in hot demand lately,” she said snorting and taking another sip of her drink. 
Malachi moved closer and slid his hand under her dress, she was wearing a thong. Hooking the scrap of stretchy fabric with his index finger he ran his finger along the crease of her ass until his finger reached thicker fabric. He pushed it aside and slid two fingers inside her. He could feel her breathing becoming labored. He smiled as she changed her stance to give him easier access. It only took a moment for him to get her as wet as he needed her. Coating his finger he spread the slickness to the tight hole of her ass. He pushed his finger in up to the first joint.
“Easy beautiful girl,” he whispered when she held her breath. He’d expected her to move away from him but she didn’t. It was a sexual fearlessness that made him crazy with desire. She was not a professional or someone use to playing on the same playgrounds he frequented. She was just a woman willing to let him do whatever he wanted to her body, trusting him and allowing him to give her the small pleasures he’d offered so far. 
Malachi saw Elaina’s boss looking over at them. He knew the man couldn’t see what he was up to from where he was standing but Malachi didn’t like the look that crossed the guy’s face. It was gone as quick as it appeared but the fact that it was there at all worried him. But right now was Elaina’s time and he refocused on the tasked at hand.
“I’m going to have this ass beautiful girl,” he whispered slipping his finger further in. He was hard, his erection thick and heavy as stone behind the soft fabric of his pants but when she leaned back into his hand his dick jumped in his pants. 
“I can’t wait until I’m buried in this beautiful tight hole,” He said. He slid his finger all the way in and stopped. Elaina’s breathing stopping with his finger. “Will you let me?”

Malachi left the party with a case of the blue balls so painful they made his chest hurt. He didn’t even bother going to his own room. He set up shop in the far corner of the sunken den area in the darkest corner of the room. When she came in he was the one that was surprised. Elaina was not alone.The door came open with a bang.  She had the large man against the wall unbuckling his pants. Malachi watched as Elaina dodged the kiss the guy tried to give her. Even drunk she was in control. He smiled as she told him roughly no mouth kissing. He almost laughed at the first eye roll she gave when he bent to kiss her neck. 
The man ran his hands up her thighs and raised her dress grabbing her ass as she worked his pants loose. He unbuttoned the top of her dress letting her breasts free. Her nipples were hard and the man brought his mouth down and started to suck one. Malachi watched the couple stand just inside the room as they made out. Elaina held the man’s dick in her hand and she was stroking it as he licked and sucked her nipples. When they moved to the bed she pushed him down and  had a condom on him that she produced out of thin air like fucking Houdini and road his ass like a cowgirl.  The guy came way too quickly for Elaina’s liking and she all but screamed in frustration. There were no second chances for the man. Elaina dismissed his ass.  Malachi watched as she cursed, quite loudly, and undressed the rest of way. She took her frustrations out on her belt and buttons, yanking them open as she muttered to herself. He watched his beautiful girl get naked and lay down in bed, stopping long enough only to get under the covers. Malachi was as mad as Elaina that the guy hadn’t taken the time to worship the gift he’d been lucky enough to receive. 
He realized what he was about to do could be thought of as wrong but if he didn’t have her now he thought his dick would explode. He made himself sit until he was under enough control to offer her the time the other man had not. If he went to her know he’d fuck her just as fast. She’d thrown off the covers by the time he made his way to the side of the bed, opposite where she slept. He toed off his loafers and striped before getting in bed. 
He put his nose to her temple and his hand on the smooth skin of her stomach. Her hair was soft and smelled so good if she woke up now and threw his ass out of her room he’d be happy. He wanted to claim her as his own. He wanted to mark her in some way so that she knew he alone possessed apart of her. With so magnificent a gift lying before him, he was left not knowing where to start. He replaced his nose at her temple with his lips and kissed her gently.
The feminine scent of her skin and hair was replaced with something wilder. The smell of her arousal thickened him further as he looked down her body. Full breasts rising and falling with nipples like large pebbles, her stomach flat and soft under his hands and her legs opened further down.  He lowered his head and licked one of her nipples. He ran his tongue over the hard knob in the center of her breast before drawing it between his lips and pulling it into his mouth.
The hand that rested on her stomach slid down between her legs. She opened them further as he fingers parted the lips of her sex. He moaned when his fingers found the most sensitive part of her and she immediately started to roll her hips into his hand and fingers; fingers that continued downward. He pressed two inside her while fondling her clit with his thumb. 
“Christian.”The one word was almost a prayer and enough to give him pause.
“No beautiful girl,” he whispered against her breast before kissing his way up her body.  Her moan had his cock stiffening further if that was at all possible. He’d been hard since he’d slipped his finger in her ass earlier and had become increasingly harder ever since. 
He kissed up her chest, her neck, he kissed her lips and waited for her to wakesince it seemed to be some sort of rule, but she grabbed his head instead and deepened the kiss. He let her control it and when she loosened her hold on his head he pulled away and crawled between her legs. He was almost shaking with anticipation; his large body covering her smaller frame. She looked so fragile lying there beneath him. Backing down was not an option. He slid in easy and she moved her hips with him. 
He knew the moment she realize it wasn’t some erotic dream. His head was down; he was still giving her breasts the attention they deserved. For a second the slow grind she was giving him stopped.He raised his head and looked into her eyes. She didn’t look drunk, bright eyes looked back at him. He waited for acceptance or denial he was even prepared for fright. Finding yourself at the receiving end of the lustful intent of a stranger in public places was different from waking up fully engaged in a sexual act. 
The answering smile brought his lips down to cover hers in the kiss he’d been waiting to give her since he’d first laid eyes on her. A hard mouth covered her with teeth and tongue. He nipped and then bit her lips, sucking them into his mouth before pushing his tongue into her mouth. He almost came unglued when she sucked his tongue. 
He stopped and leaned back on his knees while staying inside her. He grabbed her legs and placed her feet on his shoulders. He watched his dick stretch her as it went in and out. He spread the swollen lips surrounding her clit with a thumb and a finger and started working the swollen nub. His other hand pulled on one of her nipples. She didn’t scream when she came but it was damned close. 
“There we go beautiful girl,” he whispered as lowered her legs, giving her the orgasm that eluded her earlier. “But I’m not finished with you yet. Turn over for me.”
She quickly turned over on her stomach completely trusting of him. He put his knees inside her legs spreading them wide. Putting two fingers inside her, he spread her release over the tight hole of her ass. He pushed one finger in followed by a second, priming her, getting her ready for a much bigger invasion. Her moans were almost constant now. She was pushing her tight ass back to meet his fingers and he licked his lips. He wanted to taste her; instead he pulled out the fingers in her ass and pressed the tip of his cock in the hole. 
She cried out as the head cleared. Slowly he pushed into the virgin territory, inch by inch until he was seated. He’d claimed her as no other man had. Malachi grabbed her hips pulling her further off the bed, pulling her towards him to meet every stroke, a frenzy was building inside him that he refuse to unleash for her first time being taken in such a way.  Her moans were louder and when he leaned forward to work her clit again she cried out. With his fingers circling her clit and the slow smooth strokes of him in her ass she came. 
Malachi eased out of the place he’d marked as his own and took possession of her pussy. He curled his body around her back, one arm holding his weight the other wrapped around her waist as he let go of the passion he so desperately wanted to release when he’d taken her ass. The orgasm threatened utter and complete devastation she felt so good. He was surprised by the loud, guttural,subhuman sound that escaped him. He collapse on top of her as the last of his orgasm washed over him. 
“How is it that you’re here?”
 Malachi slid freeof his beautiful girl and ran his hand up and down her spine. “The question is, why are you letting strange men in your room,” he said, leaning over kissing the path his hand was taking.
“You mean other than you?” She said laughing softly.
“Exactly,” he agreed. 
“Are you going to tell me your name now mystery man?” She asked between the occasional soft moan. 
“I like mystery man for now.”  
He gave her back one final kiss before getting up. She rolled over on her side and watched silently as he dressed.  She was laying on her back with an arm behind her head and one knee up by the time he was finished he wanted to strip naked and rejoin her, instead he walked over to the side of the bed and sat down next to her.
“You are exquisite,” he said running a thumb over her nipple. “Will you let me come to you?”  He ran his palm down her stomach and palmed her sex before he pushed two fingers through her sodden lips.  She instantly started rocking her hips, daring him to finish what he’d started. One of her own hands joined his and she circled her clit while he fingered her. He watched as she worked her own orgasm. His dick was reinforced steel by the time her breath was back to normal. 
“Spectacular,” he said. 
“I assume if you can find me in Vegas there’s no reason to give you my home address,” Elaina answered his previously asked question. No wonder Christian like her, she was all business. But she also liked to play, the perfect woman for both of them.  
Malachi smiled, “How right you are beautiful girl.” He stood up after kissing her and left.
 He didn’t go to his room across the hall but down the hall to the bank of elevators. As the doors open he took out his phone to call Christian.
“Upgrade your girl’s ticket to first class.  I’ll be catching a different plan home,” he said before his friend even said hello.
“Done.”
Malachi was the first to hang up this time. The doors of the elevator opened and he stepped off. Headed to one of the restaurants for an early breakfast he cursed to himself. He was seated and ordered before he gave himself a chance to think fully on the storm of emotions that warred within him. This was definitely a problem he didn’t see coming. Christian may have been okay with a one night thing but Malachi was pretty sure he wanted something more from Christian’s sweet Elaina. 

CHAPTER SEVEN

Christian didn’t know which was worst. That his best friend and just had sex with his girl, or that the man obviously had feelings for the woman. Requesting Elaina’s ticket to be upgraded was the tell. Malachi didn’t spend a damned dime on his regular groupies. Christian had only ever seen him spend money on one woman. She’d broken his heart.
Malachi parents died when he was young. His mother when he was two his father when was six. He had been raised by an aunt and all his parents wealth put in a trust until he reached twenty-five. He’d taken an extra year to graduate from high school because he kept getting kicked out of the fancy boarding schools his aunt sent him too. When he finally did graduate he took a gap year and traveled the world before returning to the states to go to college. He’d taken the bare minimum requirement to qualify as a part-time student and left before finishing. 
Christian was the only child of an Old South affluent couple. His father had been a senator in a long line of senators and his mother a socialite from a family with old money. They were the perfect match, one made in hell. The arranged marriage never knew love. Both his mother and father spent way too much time trying to make the other jealous with a string of lovers that they had no problems bringing home. 
They completely ignored their son. His mother threw money at him. He was a never ending disappointment to his father. Christian was very much like Malachi when he was a teen. His father had finally put his foot down when Christian graduated from high school with grades that wouldn’t even get him in a trade school. He’d cut Christian off telling him he’d only pay for his college education for the next six years and if he didn’t get his shit together he could consider himself disinherited.
Christian applied to the community college until he had the grades to apply to a university. That’s when he started to gamble. His mother snuck him money for a while but his father found out and by that time he owed fifty thousand dollars to a local thug. He was hiding out in his dorm room almost around the clock. 
He’d called and begged his father for the money when the bookies’ lynch men broke down his dorm room door, broke his arm and promised that the next time it’d be both his legs and then he’d take a dive off one of the local bridges. He’d called Malachi. He was there the next morning with two bags; one full of money and other of bagels from the deli on the corner. Christian owed Malachi his life. 
Malachi left school not long after that but opened an account for Christian so he had access to money when he needed it. He never abused his friend’s generosity. When Christian parents died in a car accident he called Malachi. His friend came right away and had been his constant companion since. Could he begrudge this friend anything? Christian had been a happy bachelor. Making a promise he’d never find himself in the hell his parents called marriage. He didn’t hide from love, didn’t avoid dating or being with women, they just never seemed to hold his interest. That was until Elaina. 
It wasn’t the first time he’d had dinner at the restaurant but it was the first time he’d felt incline to go to her. Malachi actually had called and asked him to have a drink after work. He and Brittney were waiting for him. Instead of joining the two he’d stopped at Elaina’s table. He could not move past it, as soon as he saw her sitting there on his way to the back, his body did its own course correction. She’d refused him the first night. Once again at Malachi’s suggestion he’d followed him to a night club and saw her at the bar. In a way he had his friend to thank for them meeting. Did this mean he owed him? 
He and Christian had shared women in the past. Malachi was free in a way that Christian envied. He loved him more than anything or anyone. Malachi was the only family Christian had and he knew Malachi felt the same. If he’d slept with Elaina it was not to hurt him. Malachi probably didn’t know how important she was to him.And if Malachi had developed feelings?
 Christian laid down pulling the pillow Elaina slept on to his face. Her scent was long gone but he missed her. With Elaina he thought anything was possible.  She had some of Malachi in her that was for sure.Knowing he would be unable to sleep and Elaina would be going to the airport soon anyway he got up and called the airline. After upgrading her ticket he took a shower and dressed. He opened the closet opposite his own and saw the few change of clothes she’d left before her trip. He’d have to have a talk with Malachi when he got back. He’d mentioned he was taking a different flight. He knew what that meant for Malachi. He could be on his way to anywhere from the Amazon to the South of France. 
Christian made breakfast, ate at the kitchen island while he read the day’s paper, and then went to his office. He was leaving work early to pick Elaina up from the airport. He wouldn’t mention Malachi and wouldn’t hold ill will towards her if she didn’t tell him. He’d forced her hand at accepting the relationship. She’d been hurt. But he was patient. He’d wait. He’d show her that she could trust him. For the first time ever Christian had another person to worry about. There was room enough for both of them in his life. The hard part is figuring out how it would all play out. Would it be him and Elaina as a couple or Elaina and Malachi?

“How was your flight?” Christian was waiting for Elaina at the bottom of the stairs next to baggage claims. He kissed her on her cheek.
“Fine, thank you,” Elaina said accepting the kiss and moving away from him quickly. “Christian this is my boss and his wife, Mr. and Mrs. De La Cruz.”
Christian reached out and pulled her towards him. He wrapped his arms around his woman’s waist, tucking her into his body before extending his hand,“Very nice to meet you.”
“That’s a good looking young man you have yourself Elaina,” Mrs. De La Cruz commented as she shook Christian hand. “Please call me Elizabeth.”
“Elizabeth then,” Christian said before turning to her husband.
Mr. De La Cruz didn’t smile, but had a pleasant enough expression on his face; it mirrored the one on his own. Christian knew Elaina had a great deal of respect for the man. He was an immigrant that worked his way up and still didn’t mind working hard. Christian could respect that as well. 
“Nice meeting you Christian. Elaina didn’t mention having a boyfriend.”
“Well we’re more like good friends,” Christian said.
“I see,” the man said. “Ms.Freeman,enjoy your evening we’ll be very busy the rest of the week. It was a pleasure meeting you Christian.”
The couples walked to the luggage carousel separate. Christian hugged her tighter as they waited on her bags to come around. They waved to the De La Cruz’s on the way out, who were taking a cab. 
“So you’ll tell me all about your trip when we get home?” Christian said leaning down and kissing Elaina behind her ear. 
“It’s nothing to tell really,” she said,finally hugging tighter to him. “Did you upgrade my ticket?”
Christian looked down at the woman that he was willing to bet he could love. “Guilty as charged.” 
After loading the luggage in the trunk and getting in the car he looked over at her, “Are you hungry?”
“No, just tired. I need a nap. I can never sleep on planes and I’ve had a crazy last few days,” she said laying her head on the headrest as she watched him drive. 
“What,” he said stealing glances over at her as he merged into traffic.
“I think I missed you.”
Christian didn’t miss she looked confuse at the notion.Christian smiled, “I know I’ve missed you. I’m glad you’re back.” 
They drove the rest of the trip in silence. Christian left the luggage in the car and carried Elaina to the bedroom where he undressed her down to her underwear and tucked her in. She was asleep by the time he made it back upstairs. He’d tried to call Malachi after putting the luggage in the closet but he hadn’t answered. He wondered when the next time he’d see him. Malachi would leave sometimes months at a time but never went longer than a few days before calling and checking in with Christian. He took off his clothes and got in bed.

“It’s time to get up Elaina,” Christian whispered into her neck, running his nose up and down her throat.Christian had been watching her sleep for hours. She was lovely, exquisite, breathtaking—she was his.  
He’d felt that way from the moment he saw her and had been unable to get her out of his thoughts since. He was a year shy of forty and he’d never experienced anything like it before. This sense of ownership or protectiveness, not with all the things he really did own or for any other person he knew, not even Malachi. They were meant to be together. 
Her hair was a sleep tumbled mess and still beautiful. Her mouth was slightly open and he’d kissed it in the hours he’d watched her sleep. He’d held off for as long as he could. But no longer could he deny himself the pleasure of touching her. 
She stirred at his whispered words but didn’t wake up. With the gentlest touch,he ran his hand over a lace covered breast, the delicate fabric doing nothing to hide the dark nipples behind it or to restrain them as they harden beneath his touch. He lowered his head and ran his tongue across the soft fabric before covering it with his mouth. 
His mouth ran a path down her body to the matching lace panties.They were wet with arousal. Her body was ready for him, even in sleep. Christian moved slowlyto the bottom of the bed. With gentle hands he spread her legs. He marveled at what was laid out before him as he buried his nose into the scant fabric covering her sex and breathed in the perfume of her arousal before running his flatten tongue over her heated core. Christian moved the slight material aside and Elaina called out when he kissed the lips between her legs. She ran her hands through his hair. “That feels good,” she moaned.
When she tried to close her legs he held them in place, refusing to let her deny him this pleasure.  He moaned as she ground into his mouth while pulling at his hair.  She started to pull away from him when the pleasure became too much and he grabbed her hips to keep her in place.
“Oh God Christian I’m coming,” she said breathlessly and tried again to press her legs together. “Christian!” This time she yelled before her hips started to jerk. Christian kissed the inside of her thighs, the kisses causing her to jump beneath the touch. He could hear her trying to control the crying. The tears that come after each climax she had for him. 
Kissing her stomach and each of her nipples, he draped her knee over his arm, bringing her leg up as he pushed inside her. Still highly sensitized from her orgasm she cried out before Christian lowered his mouth to hers. With each roll and thrust of his hips he could feel her tighten around him. He pulled her leg up further so he could get deeper inside and moved his mouth to her throat and then kissed tears from her eyes. They came together.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, “I don’t know why—” she started but didn’t finish.
Christian wondered how long she would deny herself the knowledge of her true feelings for him. She lay in his arms, her tears reduced to an occasional sniffle. He had the same effect on her but she was being stubborn. He was prepared to wait her out. Each time they were together brought them closer to the inevitable. They were meant to be together.
 “Just let me hold you Elaina,” Christian said softly in her hair. He liked her tears, God knew each time he came he felt like shedding a few of his own. Each tear was a testament of her true feelings.
“Let me run you a bath.” He kissed the top of her head and reluctantly left her in bed.  He ran water in the tub she’d admired on her first trip to his house.
“It’s beautiful here,” Elaina spoke from behind him. Christian turned from the running water to find Elaina still naked staring out through the opened doors out into the yard. Everything was in full bloom. The smell of honeysuckle and roses drifted in on the night’s breeze.
“Come here,” he said holding his hand out to her. She crossed the room for him. He helped her in the tub before going downstairs to get some wine. 
As he passed the closed door of Malachi room he thought of his missing friend. He was worried about him. He was also worried about the strange situation the two of them found themselves in. There was never any doubt in Christian’s mind how Malachi felt about Elaina and after tonight there was none on how he felt about the same woman.Only he and Malachi could end up in such a mess he thought, shaking his head as he headed downstairs. 
When he returned to the bathroom Elaina’s head rested on the back of the curved edge of the tub. She was still looking out into the yard. He eased behind her and handed her a glass of chilled Chardonnay; something cold in the heat of the night and pulled her back onto his chest. He draped an arm around her shoulders asshe rested her head on his chest and they watched the sun go down. She felt so right in his embrace. Her body seemed made just for him. He and Malachi had a problem. But they’d figure it out. They always did.

“So what do you want to do on your last free day,” Christian asked Elaina. It was Sunday. They had eaten breakfast as they read the paper on the front porch of the bedroom this time. Christian had waved to a few of his neighbors that were out enjoying the day. He could feel Elaina watching him sometimes. He’d smile and look at her and waited for her to say whatever was on her mind. She’d look away; back at the newspaper or across the lawn.  
“You know you’re spoiling me. Keep it up and you’ll never get rid of me,” she said pulling her legs up on the seat and wrapping her arms around her legs. 
“You can stay as long as you like Elaina,” he smiled down at her from the doorway. “And as long as you’re here, your wish is my command.”
It was afternoon. Elaina seem to enjoy being outside. They’d spent the day on the porch. He’d come to ask her what she wanted for lunch.
“Well, I can’t imagine anything better than what we’ve been doing the last two days.” 
Again with the look of confusion or maybe it was apprehension of what Christian hoped was her developing feelings for him. 
“Do you want to go out?” 
She looked at him and smiled.  “No, let’s order pizza and watch movies in bed for the rest of the day.” She ran her hands across the top of her head pulling back the mass of curly hair that he loved so much. It was messy as hell, almost too much hair. The chaotic mass of curls was as arousing as every other aspect of her for him. The fact that she was naked beneath the pajama top weakened him further. He wanted nothing more than to take her back to bed and make love to her for the rest of the day, tonight and into tomorrow morning. He was getting as bad as Malachi.
“I’ll call in the pizza. You find something to watch,’ he said pushing off from the wall before he made good on his thoughts. 
“Okay,” Elaina said unfolding from the couch and standing. “Christian?”
 “Yes Elaina.” 
She was silent for so long he didn’t think she would say anything else. “No vegetables on the pizza.”
He was certain that was not what she was going to say. She’d stopped herself before the true words were spoken. 
“Got it.”

Christian sat on the chaise lounge facing the shower. He loved to watch Elaina shower. The ritual of it all.No wonder she smelled so good all the time. He watched as she first washed her hair and then put conditioner in. She soaped a towel and washed her body from head to toe before shaving. She shaved every day. He thought it was a little excessive but her skin was satin smooth and far be it for him to complain. She took the loofahhanging on the wall and washed her body again with the shower gels she’d brought over and finished by rinsing the conditioner out of her hair.  It took her almost forty five minutes to shower and he loved ever damn one of them.
When she turned off the water he was right there with her towel. When she lifted her arms instead of taking the towel from him he felt like a kid on Christmas day who’d just gotten every present on his list when she allowed him to dry her body. If he was really lucky she’d let him put her lotion on, but that often times led to other things.It was a joyous occasion when she handed him the bottle. 
The thick cotton towel robbed him the experience of velvet soft skin the rites of applying lotion afforded him. He always started with her feet. He worshipped her. It seemed appropriate. When at last he stood before her his erection was long and thick behind the cotton pajama bottoms and the sweet smell of Elaina’s arousal was wreaking havoc on the frayed thread of self-control he had left. He couldn’t look anywhere other than her eyes or he was going to make love to her, which they didn’t have time for this morning. Not unless he was willing to make her late for work.
She walked around him, careful not to touch him as she passed. She knew how dangerously close they both were to making her late. He stalked her as she walked to the closet. She bent over to grab something out of the still packed suitcase and Christian knees went weak. When she straightened and turned to himon the end of her finger were a pair of white, gossamer thin, sheer panties. On weaken limbs he made the few steps to her and took the panties offered and on bended knee he held the delicate fabric as she stepped into them. He slid the fabric up her legs and kissed her low on her belly as he pulled them into place. Standing he rewarded himself with a kiss. The second he pulled her in his arms he knew it had been a mistake. The best one he’d made in life. Maybe the second best, the first being when the material he’d just covered her with all but disintegrated in his hand as he ripped it from her body. 
The second shower was uneventful. Maybe it was because theybathed together, a theory Christian was going to test tomorrow morning. Elaina had already called in late, still breathless from making love. He’d wanted to ask her to spend the day in bed with him but he didn’t. He felt guilty enough about making her late. He’d dressed quickly and went down to make breakfast while she dressed.  He was done with the omelets and toast by the time she made it down stairs. 
God he loved her in white. The sleeveless white sheath stopped at her knees. She wore a pair of turquoise shoes that matched the chunky necklace around her neck. Her hair was pulled up in a high ponytail. She was absolutely beautiful. 
“Will you come over tonight?” Christian asked bringing her a plate. 
“Not tonight. We were already working on a big project and put in a bid on a second. I have no idea what the day is going to be like but I’m sure I’ll be working late. I’ll call you.”
Christian sat down beside her and handed her the front section of the paper. Everything about it seemed right. There was a familiarity between the two of them that couldn’t be ignored. Each second that passed in the comfortable silence of their breakfast cemented the fact. Christian opened a drawer from the cabinet behind them and pulled out a set of keys and held them out to Elaina. She raised an eyebrow as she looked first at the house keys being offered her and then at Christian. 
“Take the keys Elaina,” he said. The four words were a command Elaina didn’t disobey. 

*****

In one week I’ve had sex with four people. Okay three and a half, the young cat from the casino sure as shit didn’t count as a whole. Hell, I didn’t even take my clothes off. Then mystery man came in and gave me an orgasm that rivaled only the ones I had with Christian. I’d never had anal sex, never thought I‘d enjoy it, but in the care of the well trained fingers and dick of my mystery man I’d found a voice I didn’t know I had in bed. His touch had been feather light on my skin, the same as Christian’s.Until it wasn’t.And how I loved when his touch changed. Greedy and possessive; I felt marked and claimed, feelings that are just as good as cherished and loved, which is what I felt when I’m with the other. This morning’s performance felt like ceremony. I could still feel Christian’s touch on my skin but I still burned for my mystery man and his strong touch. 
Okay, so what to do? I told mystery man he could come over and I wasn’t going to Christian’s tonight because I wantedto see him again. Christian was my lover; mystery man is my sex aficionado—which left me with Mr. De La Cruz.
My life had all of a sudden become too complicated. My feelings for Christian were getting out of control fast. The weekend I’d spent with him was nothing short of magical. His stamina was amazing. His hands were amazing, his tongue—you guessed it—amazing and his dick...out of this world. I didn’t think I’d ever get sick of any part of the man. And he cooked. Hell yeah. I got lucky.
 Before going to Vegas I figured I didn’t need to stress over the whole relationship thing. There was no way to get caught up in that madness with so many people involved. If I felt myself slipping down the slippery slope, I could just tell Christian about the others. That would put things in perspective for him. 
But mystery man didn’t feel like a fix to the problem only another part of it. Was it possible to feel a connection with someone that popped up like a molesting ninja?  And how in the hell had he found me in Vegas, or gotten in my room? There was that wondrous assaultat the cocktail party. From the very first time he’d put his hands on me he’d branded me.
Then there is Mr. De La Cruz. Who had been like desert after a great meal, but now felt more like indigestion. He was an excellent partner but does not, in any way, make me feel like the other two. But then again, who had? 
 I was highly sexual. There were a few underlying issues as to why I was but I didn’t apologize and there was no regret. I liked to fuck and knoew that there’s nothing wrong with it. I’dhad multiple partners before. What the anonymous encounters of the past offered me was nowreplaced with two men that are way too close. 

“Good morning Ms. Freeman. Mr. De La Cruz asked that you to come straight to his office when you arrived.”
“Thanks Jamie,” I said, sitting the two trays of coffee I’d picked up for everyone down on the conference table and grabbing two of the cups.
I stowed my purse in my office before heading down the short hall to Mr. De La Cruz’s office after asking Jamie to distribute the coffee. I knocked to announce my arrival but didn’t wait for a reply before opening it. My boss stood when I entered the office. By the time I’d pushed the door close he was taking the cups from my hands and sitting them on the bookshelf next to the door.
Without a word he yanked my dress up to my waist and lifted me up. My ass hadn’t touched the desk a good second before his pants were unzipped and his dick was in me. He grabbed my ponytail pulling my head back and licked me from collarbone to under my chin. Shocked by the quick turn of events I didn’thave time to respond to him at all before he was coming. He’d let go of my hair and held me to him by my ass as his hips jerked as he came. He pulled out of me as quickly as he’d entered, turning away while he straightened his clothes. 
“Thank you Ms. Freeman that will be all,” he said as he rounded his desk. 
“Of course sir,” I said as I straightened my own clothes, patted my hair to make sure my ponytail was still straight. I took his coffee from the bookshelf and put it on his desk before leaving. What the fuck was that about? 
Of course I had about a thousand emails I was still catching up on. I’d taken my laptop to Vegas but Mr. De La Cruz had kept me busy the whole time. We’d gotten up early every day and gone to the conference center to check out the flooring then we had lunch meetings scheduled for every day. I had time for a quick nap before getting ready for the evening and Mr. De La Cruz came to my bed at least once a day.
I did my first scan of the emails before texting Christian to tell him I would be working late and I’d call him when I got home later tonight. He responded for me not to work too late and said my presence would be missed. I started my day with a smile on my face. 
It was twelve o’clock and Jamie was at lunch before I heard from my boss again. With a sigh I picked up the note pad and headed back after I was summon with a growing sense of unease. This morning’s theatrics were surprising and may have been more pleasurable if I wasn’t a damn emotional mess about the dilemma I found myself in; caught in the center of a storm I created. 
 I closed the door and sat down in my usual chair. Mr. De La Cruz walked around the desk. He was already hard and I quickly dropped the pad in the empty seat next to me. He stroked his dick as he walked towards me, unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out in front of me. I watched as he tightened his grip squeezing harder when he got to the bulbous head of his erection. He grabbed my head and pushed his dick into my mouth. Keeping his grip on my ponytail he both controlled my head and worked his hips filling my mouth until I almost gagged. There was no time for finesse he fucked my mouth like I was a two dollar hooker. As jets of his come flooded my mouth he pushed his dick further in my mouth forcing me to swallow.
Once again he turned from me before he straightened his clothes.“Thank you, that will be all Ms. Freeman.”
This time I didn’t reply. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, picked up my pad and stood looking down at him. I stood there probably a good thirty seconds before he looked at me. 
“Yes Ms. Freeman?” 
I cocked my head to the side and stared at him for a moment, “Nothing Mr. De La Cruz.” I turned and left the office. Okay, this may be a problem. 
I went to my office and grabbed my little bag of toiletries. I went to the bathroom and brushed my teeth and redid my ponytail. I’m not sure what the fuck had come over my boss but if he kept up such aggression we were going to have words. I’m all for a little rough play but I needed a little soft too.
Jamie came back to the office and I took a lunch break, hell, I’d earned it. I went to the dive that Christian had taken me to. I was greeted like family by those who were there when I’d gone with Christian right down to the hugs and kisses. My food was brought out almost as fast as I ordered it and they refused to let me pay when I was done. I arrived at work almost dreading a call back to Mr. De La Cruz’s office but it didn’t come. By seven, I was wrapping up my day and breathing a sigh of relief that I’d not been called again. I was standing by my filing cabinet when I saw my boss come from the back. 
“It’s getting late Ms. Freeman,” he said, standing in the door. He leaned on the door frame. His posture was non-threatening enough. He’d stood at the threshold of my office countless times. The erection that I’d also seen many times, for the first time, was concerning. 
“I’m wrapping it up right now Mr. De La Cruz. You’re here late yourself,” I said closing the file cabinet. I placed on hand on my hip and the other on the top of my desk. 
“You didn’t mention a boyfriend Ms. Freeman,” he said straightening from the door and taking a step into my office.
“I don’t have a boyfriend Mr. De La Cruz. Christian is someone I met very recently.” My body tensed as he came closer. I was preparing myself for whatever attack he planned on springing. 
“He looked like a boyfriend to me,” he said.
You got to be fucking kidding me. This was when it hit me that my married boss was punishing me for having a boyfriend. He was jealous. How fucking funny was that? I straightened, putting my arms to my side, and looked at my boss. 
He stroked my arm slowly, looking down somewhere in the area of my shoulder. “You two make a fine looking couple,” he said in a low voice.
“We’re not a couple.” 
Mr. De La Cruz turned mybody so I faced my desk and gently pushed me forward, bending me over it. The sound of his heavy breathing as he raised my dress over my hips had my body aching in anticipation. It was obvious he wanted me, he could hardly wait and even after the two harsh encounters today he still hadn’t had his fill. Bunching my dress up at my waisthe grabbed the sides of my underwear and slid them down to mid-thigh. The tinkling sound of his belt as he unfastened it followed by that of his zipper being slowly pulled down made me wonder what Mr. De La Cruz must look like as he look down at my uncovered rear. I cried out when he entered me quickly, in one thrust he was buried to the hilt. 
This evening play was way more enjoyable and I found myself meeting his frenzied drive thrust for thrust. I held on to the edge of my desk as his hips moved faster behind me until he came. At the last minute he pulled out and I felt warm wetness on my ass. I stood still as he ran his semi-hard dick through his release and for a moment I thought he’d try a little anal action. Instead he leaned over and grabbed a tissue from the open box on my desk. 
“See you tomorrow Ms. Freeman,” he said leaving me. 
Men. I swear. 

CHAPTER EIGHT

I stopped by the grocery store and bought everything to make a salad and a bottle of wine. I spoke to Christian the whole time. I told him I was going to eat and then go to bed and banned him from coming over.  We talked until I pulled up at my apartment. After wishing me a good night and sweet dreams we hung up.I opened thedoor of my apartment. I hadn’t been here in over a week and I was happy to be home, but missed Christian. I took my groceries to the kitchen before going to take my bath. I’d been fucked twice and given head in the last twelve hours.  I soaked in the tub for an hour before standing to take a quick shower. I’d just finished my salad when there was a knock at the door.
“Christian I told you—”  
It wasn’t Christian at the door but my mystery man. He wore a pair of navy blue linen pants, a crisp light blue button down and tan loafers that matched the color of his belt exactly. The watch on his wrist was big and gold and I noticed for the first time he wore two diamond earrings. I could see the ends of a tattoo peaking through the open neck of his shirt. His skin was the color of milk chocolate and he had hazel eyes. 
“Sorry, not Christian.” 
“No, definitely not,” I said, stepping out of his way. He came in and took a seat on the couch like he was right at home. I sat in the chair next to him folding my legs under me.
“So...” he said. His elbows rested on his thighs and he shifted to face me. “How was our day dear?”The playful glint in his eye and mischievous smile were downright naughty. 
“Fine darling, how was yours,” I said leaning forward.
 In the five years I’d been here I’d only had a handful of men in my house for any extended amount of time. I’ve been a loner for so long having mystery man felt both odd and right. Odd in that, up until that moment I had been the only one to sit on the couch, and right for reasons I could not fathom, it just felt like he belonged. 
“Hectic,” he said leaning back into the couch. “I almost missed my connecting flight and I had no desire to spend the night at the airport. I spent a small fortune buying a ticket from a guy and then had to sit on a hot plane for two hours while we waited to take off.” He laid his head back and looked at me. “What’d you do at work today?”
He was a whole lot of man. That I hadn’t missed. His body was rock hard and I knew chiseled muscles hid beneath the clothes that cover it. 
“You know; same o’ same o’. Tracked some shipments, made a deposit, fucked the boss.”
“Ahhhh. Christian?” He asked sitting back up on the couch.
I shook my head slowly and smiled at him. He made me playful. 
“Why beautiful girl, aren’t we naughty.”
“Tell me mystery man, how is it you know where I live,” I asked leaning closer. I was within kissing distant.
“I have my ways,” he said.
I looked at him for a moment and stood up. “Do you want a glass of wine?”
“I’d love one, thanks.”
I headed for the kitchen and was not at all surprised that he followed me. He crowded my personal space as I poured. His hand, feather light lay on my hip, traveled up my body and went inside my robe.  Putting his nose in my hair he took his own deep breath.
“You smell good.”
“So you keep telling me,” I whispered. “It’s called shampoo.”
“Not just your hair beautiful girl, I mean the smell of that tight pussy.” He lowered his head and kissed me behind my ear. “I’m ready for that taste now and maybe when I’m done eating my fill I’ll take that ass again.”
His words were shocking and explicit in a way I wasn’t use to. But God the erotic words coming from his mouth had me so wet my arousal ran down my legs and I found myself tightening my thighs. 
“Would you like that beautiful girl?” He whispered laying a kiss on my shoulder. He put his other hand between my legs. “Mmmm,” the low sound that came from deep in his chest was somewhere between a moan and a growl. It rumbled through his chest sending shivers down my spine. I had no breath to form words when he started the slow circular movements on my clit. 
“Grab our wine beautiful girl.”He removed both his hands and placed one on the small of my back as we made our way to my bedroom, where he took the wine glasses from me and sat them next to the bed before turning me to face him.  
“Something tells me you had a rough day. Let me make it better,” he said in the sexiest voice imaginable while he untied the bow to my robe.  He slid the robe from my shoulders and it fell to the ground. 
“Perfection,” he whispered. 
His touch was a whisper on my skin, on my hips, my stomach, my breasts. He ran his thumbs across my nipples. “I couldn’t get your scent out of my head. My mouth watered every time I thought about licking you.”
I closed my eyes. I imagined myself someone else. Someone deserving of these touches my mystery man gave me. God, they were so like Christian that I saw his face behind my closed lids. What had I done to deserve, not one, but two extraordinary lovers. 
“May I kiss you beautiful girl?” 
I licked my lips and nodded without opening my eyes. His touch, his words were like a dream. I dared not opened my eyes for fear of waking up. The brushed of his lips was just as light as the other touches he gave me. He kissed my eyelids first and then each cheek. He kissed the tip of my nose and my chin, then finally my lips. His breath smelled of peppermint. As his tongue slipped between my lips I gasped. He’d chosen the same moment to slide a finger inside me. He deepened the kiss, it became hungry, an evasion of his tongue in my mouth. He nipped on my bottom lip and kissed my neck and then lower, taking a nipple in his mouth.  
He took a step back and started to undress. He wasn’t rushed. He watched me with hungry and greedy eyes, as he slowly pulled his shirt from are pants and unbuttoned it slowly. The look made me think of predator and prey.Unashamed and with an open mouth, I ogled his body when he pushed the shirt of his shoulders.
 Oh...my...God.  I wanted to jump up and down and clap my hands. He was spectacular, he’d called me perfection but he was a work of art. It was almost hard to believe the bulky muscles allowed him such grace.  Sculptured and defined they flexed in waves with each movement. He was...solid, indestructible, he was mine. 
He toed his loafers off and then unbuckled his belt, unzipping his pants. He didn’t wear underwear so when the pants were down, he was glorious naked.  His was hung thick and long, his erection looked every bit as heavy as the rest of his body. 
“Are you ready baby?” He asked. It was an honest warning.  
I nodded and he stepped forward and bent at his knees lifting me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck as he kissed me again. He climbed on the bed holding me close to him.He laid me down and grabbed one of my legs behind the knee, bringing it over his shoulder and licked my clit in quick hard strokes. There was no place his mouth or tongue did not touch from top to bottom. He gorged himself on my arousal. I had two orgasms before he crawled up my body to kiss me again. I was breathless and my whole body tingled, each touch was a jolt of pleasure as he kissed me and covered my body with his. 
“You taste so good. You’re like silk on my tongue,” he said between kisses. I could taste myself on his lips as he owned my mouth with the delicious kiss. He entered me in one hard commanding invasion. There’s no other way to describe it. The size of him brought to mind words like: massive, colossal and gianormous, because big or huge just wouldn’t do. I was turned slightly to the side with his weigh was one leg and my other leg taken hostage, thrown over his shoulder and held in place by a strong grip. 
“Relax beautiful girl,” he coached me. “I got you.” 
Ever muscle in my body was tight. The pressure and snug fit of his dick inside me and the lingering sensations from the orgasms I’d had left my body ablaze in uncharted pleasures. He hadn’t moved an inch. I don’t know if it was for my or his benefit but my breathing was sporadic at best when he drew his hips back slowly and then crashed forward. He took me with a passion was so wild it was savage. 
The feeling of his finger entering the tight entrance of my ass freed the scream that had been building.  My skin felt like electric current was running over it. The one finger was joined by a second and then a third. The dueling sensations caused by fingers and dick were driving me insane. I screamed out in pure pleasure in an orgasm that left me breathless, wordless and senseless. Who had time for any of these things anyway as he flipped me on my hands and knees, grabbed me around my waist with one strong hand and the tip of his dick entered the tight hole of my ass.
He stilled, giving me a chance to acclimate. Moving as little as possible he bent forward and put to good use his talented fingers. He didn’t move his hips until I moaned in pleasure and began to rock my hips back. He let me set the pace, his fingers and cock working slow until he was sure I was completely relaxed. Then he moved both his hands to my hips and moved faster. Each stroke had him pulling almost complete out the confines of the tight entrance and then reinserting completely until his hips hit my ass.  I arched my back and offered what he said he’d take and gladly. I grabbed a pillow and shoved it in my mouth as I screamed when I had an orgasm so strong I think I almost blacked out. As soon as it started to ebb he pulled out of my ass, turned me over and reentered me. Nothing was gentle about the entry; it was an assault. Oh sweet Lord. It was savage the way that man fucked me. His orgasm came shortly after, his dick jerking and throbbing inside me. Wasted, breathless and me damned near voiceless we laid in each other arms until our breathing was normal. 
“Sleep beautiful girl. I got you,” he whispered as he rubbed my hair and behind that words that I could have sworn were “I’ll keep you safe”, which made no sense, but sated and exhausted I didn’t question them. And I’ll be damned if I didn’t fall asleep...and believe him. 

I woke up with the sun in the wrong place in the sky and the sound of my savior in my ears. 
“Good morning beautiful girl, I called you in sick today. I’d figured you be too sore to work.” He was right. I felt like I’d worked out at the gym for a week straight. 
“Coffee is on. I’m going to run you a bath, then make you breakfast,” he said.
“Tell me your name mystery man,” I asked finally opening my eyes. Was I surprised that he was standing in my doorway gloriously naked, leaning against the door jamb looking good enough to eat.
“You can call me M,” he said entering my bedroom and going into my bathroom. He turned on the water and I closed my eyes again. I know I should be a little concerned that he’d called my place of employment, but I’d have to worry about that later. I stretched and I compared my two lovers.  
Ever gentle Christian. I could almost feel his soft hands caressing my skin. So like M’s were last night at the beginning. I ran my hand across my stomach tracing a path I’d felt each of the men’s hands make. I caress my breast and rub my fingers across my hardened nipples. I imagine their mouths there. I clench my thighs when the vision crosses my close lids. I’ve never been with two men at the same time. The daydream of having them both touching me was enough to make me achy and wet.  M took me hard and fast; fucked me like I was the last piece of ass he was ever going to get.  Christian made love to me; slow and sweet, even when finding his own release. I thought about Christian taking me from the front and M taking my ass. I ran my hand down my body, between my legs. 
“Unless you want me back on you I suggest you stop that.” I opened my eyes to find M smiling at me. “Come on, let’s get you in the bath. I’ll bring you a cup of coffee while you soak.”
I lowered my sore and stiff body into water that was almost too hot, but just right. M came back with two cups of coffee. He laid a towel over the lid of the toilet and sat down. 
“You want to eat in or out?” 
“I thought you were making breakfast?”  I said looking at him over the rim of my coffee cup. 
“You don’t have any food.” 
“Oh that?” I laughed. 
“Don’t eat breakfast much?” he asked. M looked completely at home and comfortable. Thick thighs made it impossible to cross his legs. I could hardly stop staring at the biggest dick I’d ever seen. 
Taking a deep shuttering breath I answered, “I have lately.” I said, thinking of the breakfasts I’ve had with Christian. I sat up in the tub. “Listen. I think I’m just going to take it easy today. I mean, I am sick.”  
M nodded while looking at me carefully. “Okay, so what time would you like me to come by with lunch?” 
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re very pushy?” I said laughing at him.
“Yes,” he shrugged, “I won’t apologize for going after what I want?”
The conversation was much too much like the one I’d had with Christian. M had the same determined, conquering look as Christian.  “And what do you want M?” I asked. 
“You beautiful girl.”
Un-fucking-believable. I’d gone from not having a boyfriend since senior year in high school, to having two within a week. I couldn’t stop the laughter. I spilled coffee in my bath I laughed so hard. Every time I looked of M and laughed all over again. 
“I’m sorry. It’s just that I’ve heard that before.”  
M watched me from his seat on the toilet. One corner of his mouth rose in a sexy smirk that I found myself wanting to kiss. What the hell was happening to me?  Cupid had really fucked up this time. 
“And what was your answer beautiful girl? Then and now.”
“I’m still debating,” I said sitting the coffee cup down on the floor.
“And were does Mr. Boss fit in?” M asked. For a moment I thought a saw a flicker of anger on his face.  
“He doesn’t,” I said suddenly serious. Saying the words cemented the fact that I wanted to break it off with my boss. 
“So I’m competing with Christian,” M said with a smile I had no way of understanding.
“Competing is not the right word,” I said. I grabbed the soap from the tray on the wall and started to lather up to start shaving my legs. M’s look made me wish he’d climb in with me. Wet sex with my mystery man was preferred over the conversation at hand. 
“Then...you’ll date us both?” He asked still smiling like it was the answers to all his prayers.
“It’s all I can offer right now.” I shrugged my shoulders. 
Sex was always on my terms. At least it had been before meeting Christian and M. For right now I would keep pretending that I was in control even as I battled with the feelings I had for both men. 
“I accept.” 
The razor stopped mid-stroke. “You accept?” 
“I’ll be your second boyfriend,” he said standing. He grabbed my coffee cup. “But three’s a crowd beautiful girl. Dump the boss.” His look was serious.
It was my turn to stare. Had M, the man I’d seen fingering a super model in a restaurant, a man that would have no trouble getting any number of women, just agreed to see me even thought I was sleeping with someone else?  “That still makes three,” I said. 
“Don’t be a smart ass, you know what I mean,” he said. “Hurryup, I want my kiss before I leave.” With that, he left me alone. 
I skipped my afterbath shower, and was out before he came back upstairs. He loosened my hair and grabbed a handful forcing my head back. He pulled my hair until it was almost painful. That was how it was with M, always on the threshold of pleasure and pain. He kissed my lightly, just two pair of lips barely brushing against each other. 
“I’ll be back at one thirty with lunch.” He kissed my neck and released my hair. He turned before I could say anything. “Go to bed,” he said over his shoulder as he left.

Christian and Malachi sat across from each other, mirror images of distinction, confidence and a little arrogance thrown in for good measure. Both men sat back in their chairs, Christian’s legs crossed at the knee, Malachi legs spread apart, one arm in their laps the other on their chair armrest.  Malachi had shown up not long after Christian arrived at work. Walked right pass his assistant, opened the door and sat down opposite him. Christian put the reports he’d been looking at down and the stare off had begun. Both were bursting at the seams to start, neither man knew where to begin. Christian face was stoic, unreadable as always. Malachi often wondered if the grown-up Christian would fare any better at poker with that face. Malachi’s expression was not much better but his playful nature refused to let him look too serious.
“Where have you been?”  Christian started.
“Elaina’s sleeping with her boss.”  That was Malachi. He didn’t sugar-coat shit. Christian exhaled heavily. “She also picked up some guy in Vegas and fucked him.” Christian waited. “I had sex with her too,” he finished. The two men continued to stare at each other, trying to figure out what to do with the words that had just been spoken. 
“I see.”  Was all Christian said. Was he angry? Was he hurt? Was he sad? He wasn’t quite sure how he felt, but there was something stirring inside him as he looked across the desk. 
“Why?”
“I like her,” Malachi said. 
“You like Brittney and V and Monica and Leslie, Jennifer, Sharon and Tiffany,” Christian said. Those were just a few of the women that Christian knew Malachi to sleep with regularly at the house. How many times had he come down on his way to work and found one or more of them sitting in the kitchen, drinking coffee or eating breakfast?
“Not the same.” 
“Um hmm,” Christian nodded slowly looking away from his friend. His best friend in the world; who he would give his life for. 
He sighed as he thought about Julia. Malachi had never been one to let life slip past him, but after that woman it was like he was trying to fuck the hurt away. There had been no serious relationships for him after. His playmates were in consent rotation; Brittney being the only true constant. Christian had hoped he had found a kindred spirit in her. She was certainly smitten with Malachi and he seemed to be fond of her. Malachi was rough around the edges, but Christian knew the multiple partners were Malachi’s way of grasping at the love and affection he felt was always out of reach. Malachi wanted and needed to be in love. He was a hopeless romantic, kinky sex aside.
“She’s not like those women,” Christian said looking back at Malachi.
“I know that,” Malachi said. “Christian you were more than just a friend two days after I met you.” Christian motioned he head for Malachi to continue.“We share.” 
Christian’s eyes widen at the suggestion. “Like she’s some kind of damn toy Malachi,” Christian said sitting up and putting his hands on his desk. 
“Not a toy,” Malachi said looking just as offended as Christian.
Christian shook as he tried to contain the anger building in him. “Malachi...”
“Before you climb up on that high horse, I think you should hear me out,” Malachi said, he was still sitting back in his chair looking way more relaxed than his normally easy going best friend. “The alternative will be she continues to fuck every guy that crosses her path.”
Christian waved his arm in front of him signaling for Malachi to continue or maybe shut the fuck up.
“She’s running from you brother. She does not trust the feelings she has for you but there’s something there. She told me today she was willing to stop fucking around with everyone but me and you.”
“She told you that?” Christian asked sitting up in shock. “She knows that we know each other?”
“Not that we know each other.”  
Malachi stomach was in knots. Since that first night at the club he’d thought of little else than Elaina. Her smell, those fabulous goddamn legs, that wild hair he imagined spread across his pillows as he looked down at her beneath him. Thoughts of her haunted him now that he’d had her. There was no way he could give her up, not without a fight. But he didn’t want her to become some sort of contest between him and Christian. In the end she would choose and he was sick to his stomach at the possibility of her choice being Christian. But what could he do? He could leave, he had left. He kept an apartment in San Francisco.Hell, he had several homes he could escape to. But as he walked through the empty apartment all he could think about was Elaina, his beautiful girl. 
“She dreams of you. She calls out your name in her sleep,” he said. 
“She’s been hurt,” Christian said. “If I had to guess I’d say pretty badly.” He remembered how ardently she argued that any relationship would fail. “I’m not sure sharing would be very wise. When she finds out we know each other she could leave both of us.” 
Christian stood up, walked to the window. If Elaina refused to have a monogamous relationship with him, who else did he trust with the woman that he was falling in love with? 
“Okay.”
Malachi wanted to breathe a sigh of relief. He’d really thought this would be the one thing on earth to drive a wedge between the two of them. He was powerless against the emotions he was feeling, for Elaina and for Christian. There was a little guilt at him refusing to step away from Elaina, to allow Christian a shot at happiness. Malachi had never seen the man in a serious relationship with a woman. Not for lack of trying by every woman that was within a hundred mile radius. Malachi knew the shit that his parents pulled had done a number on him. He ran from relationships just as bad as Malachi ran to them. Christian didn’t want to know love. For him that meant hurt, and instead of taking a chance he’d simply refused to put himself in a position to care for any woman. But didn’t he deserve a chance at the same happiness that had eluded them both?  
This was so fucked up.
 “She may have a problem taking care of the boss,” Malachi said. 
“Fucking A Malachi. What the fuck does that mean?” It was just too much too soon. He had just agreed to share the woman he loved. Did he really need to hear anything else?
“He’s possessive. I approached Elaina at a function while in Vegas after the wife showed up. He saw me with her and the look in his eye I didn’t like. I went by Elaina’s office yesterday. He had her bent over her desk...the look in his eyes.”
Christian and his friend looked at each other. “Watch her Malachi. Make sure our girl’s safe,” he said. 
“Absolutely.”

“In my arms at last.”
Christian and I stood in my doorway. He had mushroom ravioli from our restaurant. Twice now I had food brought to me from my favorite restaurants. Malachi had brought lunch from the dive that Christian had taken me to. It was yet another thing that bound the two men together for me.  
“I’ve met someone,” I said in a low voice. 
Did Christian deserve less honesty than M? I’d come clean with one man who was willing to accept me as is. It was surprising that he agreed but given the things M did to women in public, not that much. I’d made no mention of the beautiful woman I had seen with him twice so far. 
 Christian had already agreed at the restaurant but was he really willing to walk the walk or was it all just talk.
   “I want to be honest with you always.”  I held on to him, refusing to let go of the hug in case it was my last one.
“I see,” he said shifting and kissing my hair. “Is it serious?”
“I don’t know,” I answered honestly. “I think it could be.”
Christian sighed and moved back, but kept one arm around me. He grabbed my chin and lifted my head until our eyes met. “Should I be worried?” 
I shook my head slowly. “No worries.” M only condition was that I drop my boss from the equation and I was more than happy to do so. This one minor detail I was going to keep from Christian. 
“We can talk about it over dinner then,” he said. He let me go but grabbed my hand heading for the kitchen. 
We ate outside on the tiny patio outside my kitchen. The humidity was almost stifling. I’d brought out a pedestal fan that made it bearable. I was so glad that Christian seemed to enjoy being outside as much as I did.  
“So the new man?” Christian asked, pulling out the aluminum containers from the bag. I’d just stepped outside with a handful of silverware and two wine glasses. 
“He’s the guy I was looking for the night you found me at the club.” I looked at Christian trying to get a read on his emotions. I would hate to lose him and I knew it was a lot— asking him to allow me to be with another man when he so obviously wanted to be a couple, but I’d warned him. 
He sighed, like he had at the front door, before looking at me. I prepared myself for the worst. I could feel the regret building up in me. This man standing across from me could possible lead to happiness I just wasn’t sure if I could trust “possibilities”.  
“Okay.” He came around the tiny mosaic top table and pulled me in his arms. “I’ll take you any way I can get you Elaina. I’ll fight until I can claim you as my own.”
Claim me? 
 I hugged him tight, relief swelling too big to worry about the comment. Christian lit the torches that were on the corners of my patio while I opened the wine. We talked about everything and nothing. We talked for hours on the patio and then in my little living room. It was three in the morning before we went to bed and only then because Christian reminded me we both had work in the morning. He’d brought a hanging bag that had a suit and shirt for the next day. I went to sleep in his arms. He rubbed my hair while we laid in the dark. It was perfect.

Okay.
 I will simply go into his office and declare Christian my boyfriend. I started it and I would end it.  Rules had been established from the beginning. I was well within my rights, of said rules, to walk away. No questions asked. 
I woke up in Christian’s arms this morning. We’d showered, had incredible sex when Christian lotion application got out of hand and showered again. We skipped breakfast because we were running late but made plans to meet for lunch. As I drove off, waving at his reflection in my rearview mirror, I started to get that feeling that something bad was going to happen. The closer I got to work, the stronger the feeling. Sitting in the parking lot, trying to work up enough nerve to break up with my married boss, I laughed to stop myself from screaming at the mess I’d gotten myself in. Deciding that I had to at least get out the car, I grabbed my purse, the two cups of coffee that were a peace offering, and headed for the door. 
“Good morning Ms Freeman,” Jamie greeted me as soon as I had the door opened.
“Hi Jamie. How was it yesterday?” 
 I don’t think in the five years of employment I’d called in more than a handful of times. I knew that Jamie was more than capable of holding down the fort. 
“You had a couple of packages delivered yesterday. They’re in your office.”
“Thanks,” I said opening my office door. I didn’t know how happy I was that she hadn’t mentioned Mr. De La Cruz until I stiffened at Jamie’s next statement. 
“Mr. De La Cruz called and said that he’s meeting with the designer at the Hilton for lunch today. He wants you there at two.”
“Got it, thanks,” I yelled back from my office. I opened the boxes;Jamie’s laptop and phone sent from corporate office. My cell phone and office phone rang at the same time.
“Elaina Freeman,” I said putting the office phone on speaker while looking at my cell.
“Ms. Freeman, Linda, here. The flooring for the civic center is scheduled in the rail yard tomorrow. I can schedule the delivery orgive you my contact at the shipping company. How would you like to handle it?”
“It’s fine if you schedule Linda,” I said as I checked the call log on my phone. It had been M.
“Will do Ms. Freeman, is there anything else you need?” 
“No thank you Linda. Let me just say you’ve been great. You’re not paid enough,” I said while I texted M. 
“Thanks for the compliment but I’m only doing my job. Have a great day Ms. Freeman.”
“You too Linda,” I said ending the call.
I emailed Mr. De La Cruz the information before starting the rest of my day.  As the day progress and I forgot about my problems with my boss. I actually relaxed until Jamie yelled out a reminder when she came back from lunch.

CHAPTER NINE

Felix De La Cruz had been a legal immigrant, a migrant worker, part-time landscaper, father of three little girls and husband to a pretty little wife.  Jiovanni Hernandez slit his throat without batting an eye. 
Jiovanni came across the border with four others that worked for a drug kingpin in Mexico. They were ruthless, heartless, dealers and assassins. Once in America Jiovanni had escaped. He killed the six other men he shared the two bedroom house with and the real Felix De La Cruz body was dumped in the front room of the house before he burntit down.  He’d taken special care to make sure that the bodies were thoroughly soaked in gasoline. To make sure that the bodies were burnt beyond recognition. 
He’d taken Felix’s identification after he’d gone to the man’s house and killed his family. He’d gotten his birth certificate and social security card and then burned that house too. Staying in town long enough to know the police wrote off the two as unrelated but both having to do with gang and/ or drug violence. God Bless America and the great state of Texas. Prejudice was a handicap in so many ways. 
He arrived in this beautiful little piece of the world with over a hundred thousand dollars.He bought a small two bedroom house, a pick-up truck and a few pieces of equipment and started De La Cruz Landscaping and Repairs. He had good rates, hired local and paid fair wages. He won over the hearts of his crew and loyalty of his customers. It had taken ten years. Ten fucking years before he found the girl who would become the future Mrs. De La Cruz. 
She had been just a girl when they met. Jiovanni watch her innocent crush turn to curiosity and then something more. He’d brought her candy as a girl, a secret birthday or Christmas present here and there. Than a stolen kiss and finally sex. He’d fucked her in her family’s pool house one weekend when her parents were off on some European vacation. He had her hook, line, and sinker after that. Of course her family was not too thrilled about their little southern belle marrying a lowly “Mexican.” But Felix De La Cruz had spent his money frugally. He knew that her father would protest the union, so when he went to the stately and honorable Mr. Hunt he took his bank book. The look on the man’s face when he saw the million dollar balance was a sight that De La Cruz would take to the grave. 
The wedding had been small but eloquent. De La Cruz purchased a house in the same neighborhood, bigger than the parents of his wife’s and ditched the landscaping. He’d focused on De La Cruz Contracting and Construction until it became a small powerhouse. The business generated enough income to make him wealthy. He was living the American dream, stayed out of trouble, kept his nose clean and the monster within at bay. 
He was a violent man. He hadbeen a violent man, he kept telling himself. Until the former Jiovanni was recognized. Word got back to his old boss and he found himself back in the business that he had fought so hard to escape. He was a smart man and a smarter businessman. Now he was richer than he ever imagined, richer than even his wife’s family and all that damn old money her parents threw in his face. He didn’t lose a minute of sleep after he had them killed. Life would have been perfect except that bitch couldn’t have children. He’d worked hard, maimed and killed, but had no heir, no one to pass his legacy on to.Ms. Freeman walked in the office five years ago, in her cheap clothes and her good shoes. She had potential. She was hard working and over the years she became something that could only be described as phenomenal. A little bit of a whore coming on to a married man, but given that he was in love with her, it was something he was willing to overlook. He was a man of self control. He never would have acted on his feelings if she had not made the first move. His dick thickened just thinking about her. 
Things were going according to plan until his wife’s surprised visit to Vegas and that man showing up in the airport. He didn’t care what either of them said; there was more than just friendship there. He saw how they looked at each other. How he held her close to his body as if in protection. But that sweet piece of ass was his. He had five years invested. De La Cruz paced the suite of the hotel becoming more agitated, cursing softly as he worked on his fifth or sixth drink. Regardless of how drunk he was, he watched the time closely. She was scheduled to arrive at two. Then he’d claim her.
De La Cruz stepped off the elevator fifteen minutes before two. He knew his employee well and as he came to the front desk he saw her walking through the front sliding doors. She smiled at him as she approached and he noted how beautiful she was. 
“Ms. Freeman,” he said as he reached her.
 He turned in the direction he had just come from. He placed his hand on her back for just a second and steered her towards the bank of elevators. She adjusted her direction immediately and he smiled to himself. She was a quick learner. The business area of the hotel was straight ahead, something she would know. He pressed the button to call the elevator and stood looking straight ahead. So did she. He allowed her to enter first and he could barely keep his hands off her. If he touched her he’d have her right there in the damn elevator. He motioned to her to get off first and she fell in step with him easily as he led the way to the room. He used the keycard to open the door. 
The inside of the room was dark. The light blocking curtains were closed. One lamp, next to the bed was on. The air conditioner had been running since noon and the room was cold.  She didn’t wait for him but walked over to the small eating area. She didn’t sit her purse down, didn’t start taking her clothes off. She turned and faced him.
“Ms. Freeman?”De La Cruz walked slowly over to the foot of the bed and start pulling the end of the shirt from his pants.
“It’s over Mr. De La Cruz.” 
He kept unbuttoning his shirt, pulling it off his shoulders. He removed his shoes and his belt but kept the pants on...for now.
“Not over Ms. Freeman, just starting,” He said as he walked forward. He had to give it to her. He thought she would at least look frightened but she didn’t. She not only held her ground, but also kept eye contact. 
“Mr. De La Cruz, we agreed—” she started before he cut off her words with a kiss.
She dare fight him, her struggle un-caged the beast in the man. The part the man thought long buried. His hands itched to strike her, to bruise that perfect skin, to mark her beautiful face. He wanted to give her something of a reminder but her resistance was short lived and it stayed his hand. 
He grabbed the hem of her shirt and yanked it up exposing her bra. The pink lace bar didn’t hide her dark nipples that screamed for him to suck them. He grabbed the flimsy material tearing it from her body and covered the exposed flesh with his mouth, ran his tongue over it before biting down. The sound she made only added to the lust already boiling his blood. He could feel his dick harden and his need to be inside her increased tenfold. Releasing her nipple he looked back at her face. She was calm. Her eyes told him she was ready to play nice.
 “Take off your clothes.” He stepped back unzipping his pants and taking them and his underwear off in one quick move. He pulled the comforter and top sheep back on the bed and sat down. She pulled her shirt over her head and took off the torn bra. She took off her shoes and then removed her pants. 
“Keep those on,” De La Cruz instructed her when she reached for the string sides of the matching pink thong. “Come here Elaina,” he smiled now. He loved calling her by her first name. She took the few steps to the bed and stopped in front of him. He ran his hands up her thighs, up her sides and cupped her full breast.  His dick was stiff, ready for her. “Get on your knees, Elaina.”
 She followed instructions. He moved to the edge and pushed her head to the erection all so ready for her mouth. He hissed when her lips passed over the head and his cock and. He pulled the elastic hair-tie to loosen the ponytail she always wore. Grabbing a handful, he pushed her head so she could take more of him in her mouth.  He released his hold slowly before laying back and like the good girl she was, she kept sucking. 
His balls drew tight to his body as she sucked him. She alternated between running her tongue along the underside of his shaft and licking the tip of the head. She sucked the head for a little while before filling her mouth with as much as she could take.  He was close to coming and didn’t want to spill his seed in her mouth.
“Come here Elaina.” His voice sounded different in his own ears. She had an effect on him that surprised him. She rose from her knees. He sat up and grabbed her around the waist throwing her on the bed. All restraint shot, he spread her legs and ripped the delicate fabric of the thong and slammed into her. She was tight. He cried out as the sensations of her tight walls gripped his dick. Driving his hips faster and faster he lowered his head and bit her breast right above her nipple. She screamed. The sound made him crazy. He bit harder as he hammered into her and came with a yell. 

I picked my clothes up and carried them to the bathroom. My underwear was ruined, so I stuffed the remnants in my purse before putting my clothes back on. I washed my face and ran my hands through my hair. I had no idea where my hair tie was andhad no intention of going back to find it. Shaky hands grabbed the edge of the vanity and an even shakier breath was drawn and then released.  I stared at the reflection; daring the tears to make an appearance. I straightenedand stiffened my spine grabbed my purse and opened the door. 
“Ms. Freeman.” 
I stopped but didn’t turn around. I had a hand on the door handle and chances of me getting the door opened before he reached me were pretty good, besides it sounded as if he’s still on the bed. 
“Yes sir?”
“Take the rest of the day off. I’ll see you tomorrow.”  
“Yes sir,” I said and turned the handle.
 It took everything in me not to run for the elevator. If I ran than the tears would not be far behind. I took the stairs when the damn elevator took too long and made it to my car before I started to hyperventilate. Passing out was acceptable—tears were a no-no.
I drove home as fast as I could; happy the speeding gods were with me and the traffic lights gods as well. I stabbed at the lock with my key for what felt like thirty minutes before I finally got it right and was able to open the damn door. Once inside the apartment I threw my purse on the couch and ran to the half bath in the hallway and dry heaved because there was nothing in my stomach.
I walked upstairs on shaky legs, tearing my clothes off with each step I took. I was naked by the time I made it to my bedroom. I turned on the shower using only the hot water and stepped into the stream. No tears, no tears, no tears. I chanted over and over. Thirty minutes later I got out of the shower and put on my only pair of pajamas I owned and crawled into bed, pulling the covers over my head. Tomorrow was another day. Today I just needed a safe place. I needed sleep.

I had this dream where I can’t move. I open my eyes and I’d be lying in bed or on the couch or wherever it was I’ve fallen asleep. I could move my eyes. I could see the room but I couldn’t move any part of my body. I am paralyzed. No matter how much I struggle my body refused to move. At some point I come up with the idea that if I could move anything...anything at all on my body, I would wake up. So I concentrate on something small; a toe or a finger. I focus all my energy on moving. Just as panic is ready to take control of me, I move and wake up with a sigh of relief, only for a moment,because I’m still asleep. I go through waking up over and over. Each time the realization that I am still trapped in the dream coming quicker and quicker until I am held tight within the arms of the panic I was previously able to hold at bay. My heart is a drum in my chest and beating way to fast. My breathing is frantic and the calm and focus used to move that toe or finger is gone. I can’t move my lips to scream.When I finally wake I’m covered in sweat from the fight I’ve had in the simple act of waking up.  
It was my worst dream. Emphasis on the word was.
The things that played behind my closed lids were things I’d tried to erase using the dick of every man I’d fucked.  I saw the little girl with ribbon in her hair, ankle socks and black patent leather shoes. Dresses with fat ribbons tied in perfect bows. I saw the innocence in her face and the trust in her eyes. Then I saw her in a long flannel night shirt, its pink; her favorite color. It had lace and satin ribbon trim. There are no socks on her feet and her toenails are painted cotton candy pink. The ribbon has been removed from her hair but it’s still in two ponytails, or as we use to call them, pigtails. I can see her in my dream and she is me. 
My adult self stands beside a younger me. I can see the hands that hold her down but I can also feel them. I can see the face that fills her vision but I also look at him. As the scream builds in her throat, I cover my ears because I know it will be loud. We will fight valiantly and will each time he comes but I am too weak to stop him. I open my mouth and scream. 
The sound of my own voice woke me and I opened my eyes still screaming. It’s dark and with shaky hands I turned on the lamp next to my bed. Sitting up I swing my legs over the side of the bed. There were no tears and I knew they would not come. There’s no way I was attempting sleep again after what woke me. I ‘m not sure I’d ever sleep again. 
Going downstairs I grabbed the vodka from the freezer and drank three shots before I toned it down with some orange juice. I grabbed the vodka but left the juice and made my way back upstairs. I stopped at my purse long enough to grab my phone. Back upstairs I turned on my television and finished my drink before focusing on the TV long enough to find something worth watching. 
I poured myself another drink before looking at my phone. I had miss calls from M and Christian and there was a catch in my throat and the unmistakable taste of threatened tears in the back of my throat. I took another drink to wash them away. 
There were emails from Mr. De La Cruz. I sent an email of my own telling Mr. De La Cruz I planned on taking the rest of the week off. I hadthree weeks of vacation. I also sent an email to Jamie giving her the password to my computer.  With work done I grabbed my good friend, vodka, and headed for the bathroom. 
I ran a bath and stripped. The water was still hot when I frown at the empty bottle clutched in my hand. I’d felt the effects for a while and I could hear my phone ringing in the next room. I knew who it was, but I couldn’t face either of my lovers, not right now. It was taking everything in me to just survive the memories that Mr. De La Cruz have unleashed. Because that was what I ran from now, those memories, not even what my boss had done to me could compare. 
I’d gone from tipsy, to drunk, to fucked up, in a matter of minutes. The phone was ringing and there was knocking—no—pounding on my door. I knew I should get up. I knew that both hadcalled, and that if one was downstairs, then the other wouldshow up.  I closed my eyes and trusted the vodka to help with that pesky dream. Shit, bad idea. The room was spinning behind my closed lids and I immediately opened my eyes.  Was that someone at my door?  Getting out of the tub seemed too big an effort so I stayed put. I didn’t want to get out anyway. I sank lower in the water and laid my head on the back wall. I wished I had another drink. Hell, I wished I had several more, enough to allow me to pass the fuck out instead of being merely sloppy. I’m both too drunk and not drunk enough. And then he was there and I was in his arms.
“Beautiful girl. What the hell?” 

*****

Malachi went downstairs to call Christian, who answered his phone on the first ring. “Malachi what the fuck is going on?”
Christian had been going ape shit all day. He’d been called to an emergency meeting he couldn’t get out of.  In truth they’d both been more than a little concerned. True, she would ordinarily text them, but she usually called one or both of them at some point during the day. Christian called with his panties in a bunch and Malachi had agreed to go by her work. She wasn’t there. When he saw her car in her assigned spot he’d gotten a little worried. If she was at home why wasn’t she answering the damn phone?
“She’s drunk.” 
Malachi had tried calling one more time before going to the rental office and sweet talking the girl in the office into opening the door. He was glad she’d agreed, he was prepared to break the damn door down. 
“Drunk?”  Christian said. 
Malachi didn’t say anything as he sat down in the chair next to the couch. He ran his hand over his head as he tried to figure out what the fuck had happened. He’d taken the stairs two at a time after calling out to her when he first came into the apartment. There were clothes from the bottom of the stairs that ended at the top. The television was on in the bedroom. He went into the bathroom and found her in the tub. 
“I’ll be back in town in half an hour,” Christian said. “Do you know why she wasn’t answering any of our calls?” 
“No, she’s pretty out of it.”
“What’s going on?” 
“Asked and answered,” Malachi said. His clothes were wet from getting Elaina out of the tub. He was mad and he wanted to punch something or someone but he didn’t know who or what. He had a pretty good idea where to start, but Elaina had passed out after he’d gotten her dry and in bed. He stood over her a moment looking down at her as she slept. She snored when she was drunk and it would have been cute under different circumstances. 
“Sorry”
“No problem.”Both of the men let out sighs. “I’ll stay with her until morning and then you can take over if you can break away from the office,” Malachi said. He’d moved to the kitchen looking for something to drink.
“I’ll text you when I’ve cleared everything off my plate,” Christian agreed.
“I have a feeling the boss is involved?” Malachi said. There was a long pause on the phone. 
“Why?”
“Just a feeling, but when I find out what the hell happened I plan on paying his ass a visit.”
“Take care of our girl.”
“I will.”
Malachi hung up the phone and made a second phone call. First things first, he needed some background on Elaina’s boss. Another call was made to get him some damn food. He checked on Elaina once before his food arrived and sat down stairs and ate his dinner. When he was finished he went back to Elaina’s bedroom tucked the covers tighter around her body before taking off his shoes and lying down. 
“What happened beautiful girl?” He whispered. He rubbed her hair and kissed her temple. He felt his phone vibrate but didn’t bother to look at it. It was probably his guy calling to tell him what information he’d found on Mr. Boss. It could wait. There was nothing he could do about it now. Tomorrow was a different story.

I woke up with one hell of a hangover in the arms of one of my lovers. His look was...intense, almost threatening and just like the first time I caught him staring at me, I had a feeling he’d been looking at me a long time. Somewhere in the fog called yesterday, I have a hazy memory of him taking me out of the bath but that’s it. I do remember the things that happened in the hotel, but most importantly I remember the things that happened before and that was a problem. The thing about forgetting is it’s a poor substitute for healing. 
“Good morning,” I said taking my arms from under the covers and hugging him close to me. Malachi had one arm around me on top of the covers. The weight of his arm was all the comfort I needed to keep the demons a bay. 
“Good morning Elaina.” Malachi kissed me lightly on the corner of my mouth. I wondered if he’d lain with me all night. He still had on all his clothes. 
“I like beautiful girl better.” I put my head on his chest and was comforted by the sound of his heart. I breathed easier when his strong arms pulled me tight to his body.
“Okay beautiful girl.” It is nice to wake from nightmares in safe arms. “What happened?” He pulled away to look down at me but I refused to meet his eyes. I didn’t want Mr. De La Cruz or the memories of old to invade my new day. Not yet. I would deal with my boss but not right now. 
“Nothing I can’t handle.” Something told me if I told M what happened, he would pay a visit to Mr. De La Cruz. I couldn’t afford to get fired from my job. I’d find something else and then it would all be over.
“How can I make it better if you don’t tell me what’s wrong?”
“I drank too much.” That was not a lie. “Now I’m sober, all better.” That was a lie.  M took a deep breath and I thought he was going to press the issue but he didn’t.
“Are you hungry?”
“No”
“Let me at least get you some coffee,” he said. 
M left, giving me a chance to get up and dressed. I checked my phone. It was already after ten. Jamie responded that she had everything handled. There were emails from Mr. De La Cruz. Fuck him. I brushed my teeth and met M coming up the stairs. 
“Let’s sit outside,” I suggested. 
I’ve always loved being outside. Sitting on the small patio would make me feel better and it reminded me ofChristian. We’d spent long hours sitting on his porches and in his backyard.  M handed me a cup of coffee,fixed exactly how I liked it and watched me closely from his seat across from me. I tried to ignore him. I knew he wasn’t going to let it go. He seemed to have some kind of sixth sense. I was making plans to head to Christian’s house for the rest of the week as soon as M left. I loved his fire, but it was gentleness I needed now. 
“So spill it beautiful girl.” M tightened jaw spoke wonders.
 I knew he was itching to exact justice; all I had to do was give the word. Part of me really wanted to. I wanted him to beat the shit out of Mr. De La Cruz. I’d sit on the sidelines and be a cheerleader until my boss was down, and then I’d kick him in the nuts. Another part of me said I’d gotten exactly what I’d deserved. 
 I sat my mug down on the table and leaned forward, “There’s nothing to spill M. Drop it. Let me enjoy my morning please.”
He leaned forward and one upped me by putting his hands on the table. “I will find out.”
I may not have wanted a knight or even thought I needed one, but I’d gotten one in M. He didn’t need a suit of armor or a sword. He’d ripped the dragon’s heart out with his bare hands. 
“Not now M. Later—maybe,” I said. 
We drank our coffee and he looked at his phone a couple of times. He was concerned and that was both nice and cute considering we really didn’t know a lot about each other. I hugged myself from a chill that should have been non-existent in the ninety degree heat, as I pushed away the events of yesterday. Half of me wanted to break it off with M and Christian too. My life had gone from complicated to downright dismal in a day. Depression was looming in the background, threatening to overtake me at any moment. The only thing keeping it at bay was M’s presence. 
“I have some things I need to check on. Are you okay to be by yourself?” he asked.   
“Going to work?”  We both stood and walked into the kitchen. He rinsed his cup out and put it in the sink while I poured another cup of coffee.
“You can say its work,” he said, pulling me in his arms. He held me tight to his body for a second before relaxing the hold and kissing me. 
“What do you do mystery man,” I asked, offering a smile before putting my head on his chest. He was warm and safe. I wanted him to stay but I wanted Christian too. I was surprised that he hadn’t shown up as well. I had more than a few missed calls from him.
“Oh, this and that,” he said.
“Ever the mystery,” I said opening the door. 
“Yeap, that’s me beautiful girl,” There was a pause. He looked at me to make sure I was okay.  “May I kiss you?”  There was something in his face that rode the line of sadness and a thing I couldn’t quite put my finger on. It wasn’t the first time I didn’t think about maybe what M and I were up to could lead to something as permanent as what Christian wanted and the thought made me uncomfortable. 
“Why do you always ask before kissing me?”
“I heard you tell that young cat no kissing in Vegas.”
I looked at him shocked. So I knew how he’d gotten in the room in Vegas but I never knew he’d watched me have sex. This man may know me better than any man I’d ever been with.  Yet here he stood, looking at me like I was the only girl in the world, and wanting to right the wrong done to me. 
“You can kiss me anytime you want.” The kiss he gave me was soft, gentle and too brief.
“I’ll call you later.” And then he was gone.
I went to my cell as soon as M left and called Christian. It went to his voicemail and I left a message before getting dressed. I packed a small bag and waited on Christian to call me back. I was carrying my bag downstairs when the phone rang.
“Elaina” There was a hint of concern. I had to take a deep breath,finding myself too close to tears. What the hell was it about this man and tears? He made me cry when no one and nothing else could. The sound of him saying my name did as much for me as waking in M’s arms. 
“Hi Christian.”
“Where have you been, I’ve been crazy all night.” 
If he sounded any more concerned or hurt I would definitely cry. I swallowed and cleared my throat. I could feel them rising like a tide. 
“I got drunk and passed out.” 
“Drunk?”
“Can I stay with you a couple of day,” I said quickly hoping the change of the subject would get the sound of sorrow out of his voice. The line was silent and I wondered if he was going to say no. 
“Of course.”
I almost sighed in relief. “Can I come over now,” I wanted to escape my world as soon as possible. My time off would be a real vacation. Being at Christian’s was like visiting another world, in a different time. 
“I’m on my way to pick up you now,” he said. 
“What? When will you be here?” I asked surprised. He must have really been riled up about not being able to find me last night. I really should have been worried about his and M’s stalker tendencies but I needed them too much to care.
“I’ll be there in five minutes.”
I was so ready I couldn’t wait. “Don’t worry about getting out I’ll come out when I see your car.”
“See you in five,” Christian said.

I dropped my bag in the closet that Christian put the few clothes I’d already brought over. I looked at the tub promising to put it to good use when I got out of bed. I peeled my jeans off but kept my shirt on and climbed into the comforting folds of the cloud soft and fluffy covers of the king size sleigh bed. Christian was downstairs in his home office. He had some things to take care of and he would be up in a minute. I didn’t want to go to sleep before he came to bed; I wanted to know the comforts of his arms around me. 
I closed my eyes only to see the face of Mr. De La Cruz and the look on his face when he rushed me in the hotel room. First the aggression after seeing Christian pick me up at the airport only to have it escalate when I tried to break it off.  He’d obviously lied about the meeting. He led me straight to the room when I arrived at the hotel yesterday. This was so bad. I could not afford to lose my job. I hadn’t been smart with my money, caught up in being able to buy nice things I hadn’t saved. I left the bed and went downstairs to see how much longer Christian would be.  I could hear him from the top of the stairs. 
“I don’t give a fuck. I want this handled.”
The anger stopped me in my tracks. 
“I’m not giving you orders. You, me, what the fuck difference does it makes. We both want the same thing.”
There was a pause and when he spoke again it was in a normal voice. I couldn’t make out what he was saying. I waited for as long as I dared for fear of Christian finding me standing at the top of the staircase. I had overheard some of his conversation but I didn’t want him to think that I was ear hustling. When I entered the office he was gone. The doors behind his desk were open. 
I had not really been in the office before. I’d seen it when Christian gave me a tour of the beautiful house but I’d never had a reason to just hang out in it. The walls were covered in burgundy silk fabric and the crown molding was dark wood. The hardwoods were covered with several large area rugs. There as a bar on one wall and on the opposite wall a sitting area with a couch and two high back chairs all dark chocolate leather with red and gold accent pillows. The end tables had brushed gold lamps with ivory lampshades withfringe. In front of the double French doors was Christian’s desk. The same color as the crown molding it was littered with photos and knick-knacks. I ran my hand along the edge as I headed for the opened doors. I didn’t see Christian. I thought about going back upstairs, at the very least back in the house. I was outside in a tiny cap sleeve t-shirt that stopped several inches from the waistband of my bikini cut panties. Instead I took a step off the cobblestoned patio into the grass. The grass was cool on my feet. It was thick and as plush as the carpet in Christian’s bedroom.  The yard was full of rose and azalea bushes. There were ferns and giant elephant ear plants. It was tropical. 
“Elaina,” Christian said from behind me, “I was looking for you.” He’d taken off his tie and jacket. The first button of his shirt was undone and he’d taken off his shoes and socks.  I’d noticed he seemed to prefer to be barefoot. 
“Come here baby.” He held his arms open and I walked to him. As he pulled me in his embrace, it felt like going home and very safe.

CHAPTER TEN

The phone call Malachi let go to voicemail last night was indeed preliminary findings on one Felix De La Cruz. His guy left a message with basic info. De La Cruz had moved into town twenty five years ago, married the only daughter of an old family. Company started out a one man operation within ten years he had dropped the landscaping and focused entirely on the contracting side. Blah BlahBlah. Malachi had called his guy back to confirm he was gathering additional information from before De La Cruz moved to their great city.  
Christian was on his ass like white on rice. Like Malachi could pull evidence that De La Cruz had done something to Elaina out his ass. This much was true, if Malachi found out that De La Cruz had done something even half as bad as the shit that was going through his head, he was going to kill the bastard. Malachi couldn’t forget how that fucker looked when he had Elaina bent over her desk. 
He and Christian also talked about how both of them would spend time with Elaina. She’d told Christian that she planned on staying with him for the rest of the week. There was no fucking way that was going to work. There was not so much of a disagreement between the two friends, just a matter of coming up with the best way to break the news to her. Malachi told Christian he would sneak in tonight and be gone before Elaina woke up in the morning. It was pure luck that they hadn’t met before when Elaina had been over but he’d been spending a lot of time with Brittney lately. 
Malachi ate dinner alone at the little restaurant that Christian had taken him to shortly after they first met. The place and people who worked there were a part of the family that he and Christian had built. Then he’d gone to the club and had a couple of drinks, but it only reminded him of the first time he’d seen Elaina and how right at this moment she was in Christian’s bed. There was no jealousy, just a longing to hold her in his arms. Finishing his drink, he paid his tab and left a tip and headed for home. Maybe she’d be a sleep and he could at least steal a kiss.
Malachi walked around to the back of the house, checking to make sure all the lights were out, before slipping into the kitchen entrance. He took the back staircase to the upstairs den. It was quiet as he made his way to the closed door of Christian’s bedroom. He put his ear to the door and listened for voices behind the close door. After he felt fairly certain there were no sounds coming from the other side he opened the door. There was no sound as he opened the door and no light from the hallway to give away that he was entering the room. Nothing but moonlight for Malachi to make out what was going on in the room.
Christian was sitting back on his knees on the bed with his back to the door. He could see one of Elaina’s legs on either side of Christian. He was making love to her. 
Malachi had shared a few women with the man. Christian was as gentle as he was rough. The slow roll of his hips and gentle kisses to her leg as he tried to comfort his lover was what Malachi expected and probably what Elaina needed. 
It was Elaina’s cries that made him enter the room instead of leaving. The sound of them both broke his heart and made him enraged. Christian was whispering comforting words to her as he made love to her. Malachi was standing next to the bed before Christian realized he was in the room. Their two faces mirrored, somewhere between sorrow and rage. Christian shook his head, not to tell Malachi to leave only to let him know that the tears mystified him before returning his focus to Elaina. 
“It’s okay baby. I’m here,” Christian whispered to Elaina. Elaina’s eyes were closed and she was shaking her head slowly from side to side. Her hips countered Christian’s slow strokes. Her mouth was open and every now and then a soft cry would escape, it was as if she was trying to hold them in but was powerless against them. 
Malachi stepped forward and with his thumb wiped away the tears. She opened her eyes slowly and grabbed the hand that was on her face. He lowered his head and kissed the tears from her eyes.
“M” she moaned. “Kiss me.” He covered her lips with his. She placed her hand on his cheek before she grabbed the back of his head to pull him to her. “No don’t go,” she said in a low voice when he broke the kiss. 
“I’ll never leave you beautiful girl,” he said. 
She held her hand out and he took it. With his free hand he started to undress. She watched him as he did and looked away only after he was fully naked, then she looked at Christian. He went to the other side of the bed to get in. Malachi saw the bruise on her breast and kissed it. It seemed to make her cry harder.
“Shhh beautiful girl. Nothing can hurt you anymore.” he whispered. He kissed her and started to gently rub her stomach and breast. He ran his fingers over her nipples. She’d worked one hand to his erection and started stroking it, matching Christian’s movements. 
“I need to feel you inside me M,” she moaned around their kiss.
“Anything you want. Everything you need,” he said. 
Without looking or saying a word Christian picked her up moved to the center of the bed and laid down, Elaina now sitting on top.  There were only soft touches for the hurt woman that lay between them. Her hair soft as silk brushed against his face as he kissed her neck, her skin smooth as satin as he ran his hands over her body.  
She arched her back as she rode Christian and Malachi’s hand eased between her legs and he fingered her clit, matching Elaina’s slow rolling hips. He turned her head so he could kiss her tears as they fell from her eyes. He couldn’t figure out how this could possibly be helping her when she seemed so distraught but he would never deny her anything that would comfort her. And she seemed to think being with the two of them would offer that. 
He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back and kissed her on the mouth before taking one of her nipples in his mouth. She moaned as he licked and suckled her breast. He took his hands from her hair and ran it down her back. With one finger on her clit he slipped a finger into the tight hole of her ass. Her whole body shook as if electric current went through it and the moan that passed her lips made it impossible to second guess or wait any longer to enter her. He wanted her.
“Please M,” she begged. The sound of the need in her voice got him moving, all doubt pushed aside.
He inserted a second finger as he stopped working her clit and repositioned himself so that he was behind her. He kissed her once on the back of her neck before pushing her forward. Her breast went straight to Christian’s waiting lips. He stroked the nipple of one breast as Christian sucked and licked the other switching from one to the other. Elaina’s head was thrown back and she was panting as her hips worked Christian’s dick and Malachi’s fingers faster.   Malachi spread her cheeks and slowly pressed the head of his cock in her ass and stopped, allowing her to work the length of his dick in at a slow pace. With every move she made he fought to remain still. The tightness of her ass around his cock was enough to drive him insane. When the last of his dick was finally in he grabbed her hips and started moving his own.
 She cried out but it was caught by Christian’s lips as he kissed her.  Malachi withdrew only when her body stopped shaking from the orgasm she’d had. Christian rolled her on her back and went to his knees bringing both her legs to his shoulders. He kissed her legs and her feet while Malachi kissed her mouth, breast and stomach. He worked her clit while Christina loved her. When she came a second time Christian was not far behind but waited until her body stopped the spasms that Malachi had learned to love before moving from her.
 The only sounds in the room were that of her moaning in absolute pleasure and it was music to his fucking ears. Malachi had all but forgotten the tears that had made him first cross the room as his lips moved down her body until he got to her bare and silk smooth mound. He spread the lips of her sex and licked her. Her hips jerked forward driving her harder into his mouth. He sucked on the swollen nub as Christian caught the soft cries she gave from theover stimuli of having two lovers. Malachi rose to his knees and rubbed down the outside of her thighs and then the inside. He pushed inside her in one quick move. Christian was the slow gentle lover. Malachi was wild and free. He fucked her hard, pulling almost free before pushing back inside her. She screamed his name and Christian’s. Malachi fucked her while Christian loved her. They reassured her that she was safe, that they would give her any and everything she needed or wanted. Malachi had to bite back a yell of his own when he came. He waited until his dick stopped throbbing inside her before he pulled free of her.
He lowered her leg and lay down next to her. Elaina lay on her back turning to each of them for a kiss. Christian laid an arm low over her stomach and Malachi arm lay right below her breast. They held her as she slipped into sleep, both whispering in her ear.

*****

Confident that she was in a deep sleep, Christian and Malachi eased from the bed and walked through the bathroom to the covered porch; leaving the door open in case she woke up.  Christian had pulled on a pair of pajama bottoms that were on the side of the bed. Malachi was still naked. After years of living together Christian was use to Malachi’s nakedness and lack of shame.
“What did you find out?” Christian said in a low voice. 
Malachi pulled a bottle of water and a beer from the mini-fridge next to the wicker couch and handed the water to Christian.  “Not much, but my guy is still looking.” He drank more than half his beer before continuing. “What’s up with the crying, did she tell you what happened?”
The tears had been too much for Christian. He’d watched as she crossed the yard looking for him earlier that day. He watched as she hugged herself and tried to fight off whatever bothered her. Both of them wanted to get to the bottom of what had happened to Elaina, but she wasn’t talking. Malachi was convinced it had something to do with Mr. De La Cruz.
Christian shook his head. “No. She cries when she has orgasms. Tonight was worse.”
“She’s never cried with me.” Malachi said. He looked at Christian, his confusion and concern easy to read on his face.
“Maybe it’s from our differences in how we have sex.” Christian guessed out loud. 
“Makes sense,” Malachi said, finishing his beer. “But she wasn’t having an orgasm when I came in the room,” he said.
“No, the tears started right before you walked in. God, it broke my heart, but when I tried to stop she asked me not to.”  Christian looked at Malachi. What the fuck is going on Malachi?” 
“My gut says it’s the boss, there’s something not right about that guy.” Malachi sighed. “We can’t push her; I know that. I’d rather have her here than having her run off alone.” Malachi remembered the stranger she’d picked up in Vegas. 
“Agreed,” Christian said, moving to the mini-fridge and getting his own beer. “Fuck,” he said after opening it and taking a drink. 
Christian cursing always made Malachi smile, his ordinarily laid back room-mate/best friend rarely allowed himself to get so riled.
“I feel you brother,” Malachi said tipping his bottle at Christian.

When I woke up I was in the middle of my two lovers. My front pressed into the back and arm draped over the rock hard body of M. To my back, the wonderfully toned body of Christian, his hand cupping one of my breasts. I sighed in contentment. Both of them were still asleep. Their slow breathing and the rise and falls of their chests were a comfort I have never known. God—the things done to me last night. Christian and I had taken a long bath and lain down with every intention of going to sleep. But I wanted to be touched by a gentle hand. As soon as I felt him enter me I became so overwhelmed I started crying. I was powerless against the tears I’d fought since yesterday.  Poor Christian, I could see in his eyes the hurt and helplessness he felt. I wanted to comfort him, to tell him I needed him. I needed his touch to erase the last touch. But I had no words, too afraid that if I opened my mouth the silent tears would become sobs.  Christian was so gentle, barely moving, but he filled me completely and I loved every inch of it. He’d kissed my calf that was against his chest. I’d closed my eyes to lose myself in the moment and then there was M.  He’d come out of nowhere and kissed my tears away. They were perfect. 
Do I love them? Is it too soon? Can you love two people in the same manner at the same time?
Wait.
Why was M here? 
“You’re up beautiful girl?” M whispered and turned slowly until he was facing me. 
“Full of surprises mystery man,” I whispered as to not wake Christian.
“Yeah, well I like to keep you guessing.” M was naked and I could feel his erection pressing into my thigh. He brushed my hair behind my ear and kissed me gently on the lips. 
“You’re doing an excellent job.”  
He kissed me and breathed deeply. “Are you okay?”  He looked at me long and hard. 
I knew that an explanation was going to be demanded soon. But not right now. Not when I was so happy to be with them. I nodded and kissed him again. “I’m wonderful.”
“And last night? You were crying.” 
I looked away from him because with Christian my tears meant so many things, not just the ugliness I ran from.
“Hey, don’t hide from me Elaina. Don’t keep me chasing,” he said. He tilted my head back with a finger under my chin.
“I think this would count as you officially catching me,” I said. 
He raised one eyebrow.“Be careful, I don’t like to let go of what’s mine.” 
The words took my breath away. Was I his? Of course I was. But I was Christian’s too and as happy as M’s words made me, I worried about the other man sleeping in the bed. 
“Then I guess I should be glad you’ve always been go generous with what’s yours,” Christian said from behind me. I saw M smile as I turned to look at Christian.
“So you know each other?”  
I had no words. Should I have been shocked that they knew each other? After all that had happened, I don’t think anything would surprise me concerning the two. Nothing about the situation made any sense to me; not me loving them, nor them wanting me, not the three of us sharing the same bed after sex that was so much more than what a three way would ordinarily bring to mind.
“Yes,” Christian said softly. I think he was trying to figure out how I would take the news of them already being acquainted.
“How?” I said looking back to M.
“Roommates,” he said with a shrug.  Christian had mentioned a roommate. What were the chances?
 “Are you hungry?” Christian asked.
“Ravenous,” I said. sitting up on my elbows looking at both of them.
“Good, Malachi makes great eggs,” Christian said giving me his morning kiss and getting out of bed. Unlike naked Malachi he had on pajama bottoms. He was headed for the bathroom.
“Hey why do I have to cook,” Malachi protested pulling me into his arms and rolling over on top of me, his erection sliding between my legs. I gasped as he looked into my eyes playfully while his dick slid inside me. Malachi was fucking me quick and hard and the sudden assault left me breathless. My heart was beating fast already, as I dug my nails in his back. He pulled my hair hard enough to hurt, but all was forgotten when he drove his hips forward, pushing inside me hard, stretching and filling me completely that a panted moan was all the sound I could make.
 He brought his lips down on mine in a hard fevered kiss that was as wild as the fucking I was getting and just when I felt like he was really going to pull my hair right out of my scalp he came, moaning against my opened mouth as I fought for the breath he’d stolen. I wrapped my legs tight around his waist and felt safe in the strong confines of his arms. With his hands stilled tangled in my hair he kissed my face repeatedly while his hips continued to work in slow circles that ended with a thrust that sent him deep inside me. He winked at me as Christian came back in the room and stopped moving his hips. 
 “Because I’ve already cooked several meals for her,” he said to Malachi, who was still inside me, but was looking at Christian. I could feel the pulsing of his semi-hard cock inside me and I squirmed under him as Christian headed for the door. 
“I’ll cook you eggs beautiful girl,” he said as he pulled almost free of me and then eased back in achingly slow, torturing me with ever slow roll of his hips. 
Breakfast was interesting. First thing, M is for Malachi. I liked the name. To find out they were roommates was a shock and they told me their story as we cooked. Christian was in his pajama bottoms, with me in the matching top. Malachi was naked the majority of the time. He did put on a frilly apron while he cooked. The men cooked for me, they insisted, but they let me set the table on the back porch. Christian’s everyday dishes were china; his flatware, sterling silver; the cups, crystal. He showed me how to set the table giving me the names of all the different utensils. 
We shared the paper and cleaned the dishes and kitchen together. I bathed with Christian in the morning. We watched movies until lunchtime and ordered out for lunch, afterwards we made love again. We lay naked in bed for hours and took turns getting snacks and drinks. I showered with Malachi when it was time for us to go out to dinner. They made me laughed, kept my mind off my problems, offered to take me anywhere in the world on my vacation. I hung of Christian’s arm while Malachi held my hand or sometimes, I walked with my hand in the crock of Malachi’s arm while Christian arm was around my waist. We were always in perfect step. We were so in tune with each other. We were three pieces of a whole. 

“Move in with us,” Christian said. Not a question, or request, but a command.
I stopped brushing my teeth and looked at him. Malachi was sharing the sink and he looked just as shocked as I did. “Are you serious,” I asked around the toothbrush still shoved in my mouth.
“Very,” he said. I looked at Malachi who only shrugged.
“I’m game,” he said, “But it’s up to you.” 
I gave him a suspicious look and finished brushing my teeth. I brushed my hair under the watchful eye of the two men who waited anxiously for my answer.  I went to the closet that housed my meager wardrobe and took off the sundress I’d worn to dinner throwing it in one of the corners. When I turned, they were both standing in the doorway of the closet. I shook my head, pushed passed them and went to the bed. I climbed in and scooted to the middle.
“How will this work?” I finally asked.
“How will what work?” Malachi asked. He sat down on the edge of the bed with Christian next to him.
“You’re both fine with how it is now. How it was today.With the three of us...together?” They looked at each other and back to me.
“Yes,” they answered together. 
I shook my head because it was both, too good to be true, and more than a little weird. 
“I don’t believe you,” I said crossing my arms. “What happens if one of you falls in love? Will you still be so willing to share then?” 
“What happens when you fall in love with one of us?” Christian asked. I uncrossed my arms and put my hands in my lap and looked at them. 
“Elaina?” Malachi said. 
I took a deep breath. The truth was I was sure I was in love with both of them. I’d thought about it since I woke up and throughout the day. I’d loved them both. They both held equal parts of my heart. I was doomed. There was no way I was going to escape both men unscathed. When this was over I was going to hurt, but I was unable to stop my fall. 
“Elaina we both have feelings for you,” Christian said.
“We’re both happy that you want us in your life, even before you knew that we knew each other,” Malachi added.
“You made it clear that if I wanted to be with you, Malachi was going to be a part of your life and you told Malachi the same.”
I looked at the two astonished. “And if one of you finds someone else?” This was something I thought about. What man would want to share a girlfriend?
“I want to wake up every day and your face be the first thing I see in the morning and the last before I go to bed.”
I looked at Christian dumbfounded and turned my attention to Malachi. 
“Don’t look at me. I feel the same way. Christian and I—we’re family. I can’t imagine him not being a part of my life.  I know he feels the same. Never in a million years would I have guessed we’d find ourselves in this particular situation but here we are.”
“This is so weird,” I whispered looking down again. 
“Hell yeah it is,” Malachi said. His playfulness was almost as astonishing as the conversation and their acceptance. 
“It’s a strange situation, but we are all adults and you seem to fit us both when we think of our ideal woman. There’s no one I would trust more than Malachi to watch over and share the task of protecting the woman I love.” Christian said.
I sighed because we could go around in circle with all the what if’s or making the list of pros and cons. 
“Stop over thinking it beautiful girl,” Malachi said. “Love us and let us love you.”
And that was it. We loved each other. Each of us had been falling in love since we fell into each other lives. From Malachi’s first touch at the club that stayed hot on my skin, to Christian’s soft one that made me believe in possibilities; we had been drawn to this very moment. 
“Can we all sleep together?” I asked, because right now I wanted them both with me.
“We can,” Malachi said.
“You can have anything you want Elaina,” Christian added. I shook my head to his suggestion. “Whatever you want we’re here to give it to you.”
I nodded, “Okay,” I whispered.  They were both so willing. I felt like I needed to give something back, but had nothing to offer.
“So that takes care of the relationship but you still haven’t answered the question of you moving in.” Malachi said.
“I’ll move in,” I said a little breathless. Everything was moving so fast. My head was spinning from the conversation and the idea of me having two lovers, each perfect in their own way.
“Okay, Malachi can help you start moving tomorrow. I have work.”
“Malachi don’t you have to go to work?” I asked. Malachi was taking his pants off and climbing in bed. Christian was going around to the other side. 
“I don’t work, baby I’m loaded.”
“You’ll always have someone to play with.” Christian said, kissing my forehead.
I lay in Christian arms and felt Malachi’s hand rubbing my hip and thigh. His erection pressed against my ass. 
 
Malachi was eternally hard. I woke up in the middle of the night already having sex. Christian woke up and kissed me and rubbed my hair looking into my eyes as I panted through the pleasure of the man behind me. When I turned to Malachi to kiss him and settle into his arms Christian pressed close to my back bringing his arm around me, rubbing my breast. Life was perfect. I didn’t allow myself to worry anymore about either of them finding someone else. I didn’t worry about when it was all going to come to an end. As I lay between the two of them on the first night of our committed relationship I felt safe. Safe in a way that I hadn’t felt in a very long time.
Malachi and I got out of bed with Christian, and we all showered together. I picked out the suit he wore to work and Malachi went to his room and dressed. I pulled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and we all went to the kitchen. We slipped into a routine that I would have thought took months for people suddenly cohabitating. 
“Elaina, we need to hire a housekeeper, can you take care of that please,” 
“Yeah sure, why do you need help? You and Malachi didn’t need any before,” I asked.
“We also didn’t have our very own sex slave,” Malachi said wiggling his eyebrows at me. “We’ll all be too tired to do the mundane task of the everyday.”
“Your insane,” I laughed.
“That’s part true,” Christian said filling a travel mug with coffee. “We were two bachelors before. Hardly at home, now we’ll be here a lot more.”
“Okay, I’ll take care of it.
“Malachi we need a bigger bed and one with no footboard. I’ll make room in the master suit closet for your things. You and Elaina can get her personal belongings but hire a moving company for the rest—” Christian was barking orders like a drill sergeant.  
“Wait a minute,” I interrupted. “I’m moving my clothes, but I keep my apartment,” I said.
Christian looked at me after the announcement, “I assumed your move would be permanent and you’d let go of your apartment.” 
“I have a lease. Besides I don’t want to be homeless if I have to leave.” 
“Very well,” Christian said and continued but he didn’t look happy. “Malachi I’m opening an account for Elaina would you like to fund it equally?” he asked.
“Yeah, take it out of the expense account. How much are you thinking?” 
My head was whipping from each man like I was watching a damn tennis match.
“Fifty.”
“Fifty thousand each or fifty thousand total?”
I spit my coffee across the kitchen table, “Fifty thousand dollars? Have you two lost your damn minds?” I looked between the two of them. “I can’t take your money. I have a job you know.”
“Quit it,” Malachi said. There was something in his expression that I didn’t have time to process because the conversation was so fucking ludicrous.
“I am, I just need time to find something else.” I took a deep breath to calm my nerves. “Look guys. I appreciate all you’re doing, but I’ve been taking care of myself for a long time. I have a job. I don’t need your money.”
The two of them looked at each other and had some kind of wordless conversation before Malachi spoke to me like I was a special needs child. 
“You misunderstand or underestimate both our intentions. We’re both aware you are capable of taking care of yourself and we are not implying anything different. I don’t have any intention of letting you go. There’s no reason for you to work because you will never need for anything—ever—again.”
Well didn’t that just clear everything the fuck up?
“I was thinking fifty total, but if you think a hundred…” Christian continued the conversation just like the other didn’t happen.
“Hey did you hear a thing I just said?” I said to Christian.
“There’s nothing wrong with my hearing,” he said. “Keep your apartment but there’s no reason for you to work. Besides, as Malachi pointed out earlier you’ll need your energy.” He smiled so sexy I wanted to rip that damn suit off his body and have him right in the kitchen.
“Fifty total,” Malachi said and kissed my neck.
“You two are fools.” I said.
“Fools for Elaina,” Christian said moving around the island to kiss me. I was still in Malachi’s arms. “I may have to work late. I’ll call later. Malachi, take care of our girl.” 
I pulled away from Malachi to walk Christian to the door. I leaned against it as he passed me. 
“Elaina, let us take care of you. We want to.” 
“We’ll talk about it later,” I said.
“Count on it.”

Malachi found a bed that was big enough to fit six people in. It had a brown leather head board with pewter rivets. He ordered it and then let me pick the custom bedding. I put an ad in the paper and online for the housekeeper. Malachi helped with the list of the things that he thought Christian would want. It was long. Malachi told me that Christian family had a staff of five before his parents died, including a full time driver.  Malachi took me to a four car detached garage that stored two SUV’s and a sports car that I had no idea who made. We took one of the trucks to pick up my stuff.
The day was beautiful and for the first time since we’d agreed we were “together” I found myself completely alone with one of the men in our trio, and the more easy going one at that. Christian was quiet but commanding and dominating. He didn’t ask, he told, which is why I was more comfortable talking openly with Malachi.
“Don’t you ever want to get married?” I asked. I couldn’t picture him married, not now anyway. He was way too much of a free spirit, but one day… 
“I want to be happy,” he answered.
“That’s very diplomatic.”
“And very much the truth. I want to find a woman who loves me and is willing to accept me for who I am and all that being me brings to the table.” 
“And what do you bring to the table,” I asked turning in my seat to look at him. I was very interested in what could top sharing your girlfriend with your best friend.
“Sex and fun and lots of it, in both things my motto is; the more the better.I like the freedom that my money affords me. I can go anywhere in the world, and do it at the drop of a hat. I have no children and no family but Christian; if I can find a woman who cares about me the same, who doesn’t judge and loves me unconditionally; than I don’t need a piece a paper to prove shit.”
 “I don’t share well Malachi. For a matter of fact I don’t share at all. That could be a problem for me,” I said quietly. I wanted them to share but I was not willing to. Issues—I had lots and lots of issues. So many in fact, it seemed wrong to start any kind of relationship with that kind of shit waiting in the shadows. 
“You may be surprised,” Malachi said with a secret smile. In this area he certainly knew some things I didn’t, or at least hadn’t until the two of them. The thought of another woman touching them or them another woman was in a realm I couldn’t fathom at the moment. 
“No promises,” I said. Turning to the front, I shut my mouth, ashamed about my attitude but not willing to change my mind.
“You should get rid of your place. Even if you keep your job; you can save all your money. If you ever feel like bailing you’d have quite a nest egg,” Malachi said after a few minutes.
“Yeah, maybe I will. Right now I keep pinching myself trying to convince myself this is not all a dream.” 
“It is a dream Elaina.” He looked at me and I could see the part of him that would never grow up. He would always be wild and free. 
“I never would have taken you as a romantic mystery man.”
“Oh but you’re wrong. I’m a huge romantic. I want to spoil you rotten. Cloth you in the finest silks, weigh you down with precious stones and have you allow me to love you. I want to take you to all the places I’ve been to so far, so I can share with you the special moments I’ve had in them, and discover new ones with you. I want to keep you in bed for long hours fucking you so long and so hard that we’re both exhausted and then make love to you while we catch our breath.” 
How hot was that? 
“But we barely know each other,” I said, because I had to at least try to stay in the real world in this fairy-tale I’d found myself in. 
“We know enough. Not just Christian and myself but you too,” he said as if that was enough of an answer for matters of the heart.
We pulled into my complex and Malachi unloaded the empty suitcases for all my clothes. We cleaned the mostly empty fridge after I’d packed the closet and bathroom. He took me to a new Italian restaurant and we were eating lunch when my phone rang.
“What are you two doing Elaina?”
“Eating lunch at the new Italian restaurant across the river,” I said between bites. The food was too good to stop eating. “It’s wonderful.”
“Then we’ll have to go back,” he said. “I have to work late until about nine or so. Will you wait up for me?” 
What was implied in the statement had my fork stopping halfway to my mouth. “Yes,” I almost moaned. I was so looking forward to nine or so. 
“Have fun baby. I’ll see you tonight.”
I caught myself a second before saying I love you and instead ended the called by telling him I hoped the rest of his day was good. I ordered something to go and had Malachi drive by Christian’s office. 
Christian office, and the people who worked there, screamed money. I felt underdressed in my jeans and t-shirt. Even Malachi had on linen pants and a starched shirt.  As soon as Christian saw me the smile on his face made me forget how intimidating I found my surrounding. He came around his desk like he hadn’t seen me in weeks and not just five hours ago. He pulled me in his arms as Malachi sat down on the couch across from Christian’s desk. He kissed me until I blushed. 
“You brought me lunch,” he said taking my hand. He walked back to his chair and pulled me into his lap.
“We brought you lunch,” I said. 
“Malachi has never brought me lunch. He was simple the chauffer.”
“Life already better with you in it beautiful girl,” Malachi said.
“I don’t want to keep you from working,” I said kissing him on the corner of his mouth. “I just wanted to bring you lunch. It seemed wrong that Malachi and I are having all the fun while you’re cooped up in an office all day.”
“Thank you.” He pulled some papers towards us. “I want you and Malachi to go over these today. We can go over everything later tonight.”
“What are they,” I asked sitting up. My mouth dropped open. They were palimony documents. He put a finger over my lips when I started to speak.
“Look them over with Malachi and we’ll talk about them later.”
“Did you know about these?” I looked at Malachi accusingly.
He walked over and took the papers from my hand. “No, but good idea Christian,” he said.
I shook my head and stood. “You two are incorrigible.”
“You were forewarned,’ he said completely unapologetic. 
“Agreed,” Malachi said still scanning the documents. 
“Come on mystery man, let’s leave Christian to work.” I grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the door. 
Malachi parked in the front drive instead of taking the truck back to the garage. He waited for me to round the front of the truck before grabbing my hand and leading me to the house.  He grabbed the waist of my jeans as I passed and pulled me back into his chest. Why was I not surprised he was hard? 
“Elaina,” he whispered in my ear.
The one word was enough to cause me to release a shaky breath. He kissed me behind my ear. He nosed a path along my hairline and all exposed skin, sending shivers down my spine. I was wet, ready for him. If he did much more I wondered if he would be ready for me. I didn’t care if we lived fifty years together, I would never get tired of my time spent with Malachi. His touch was a greedy and needy. It made me feel desired in a way I’d never known. I never knew how or when or where his touch would come. If it would be hard and dominating or like it was now, so gentle that I found myself longing for it. 
He slowly loosened his arms, one hand moving down to my jean covered sex, and the other going under my shirt. He pushed my bra up over my breasts and rolled my nipple between his finger and thumb. 
“I love your hands on me,” I whispered, leaning my head back on his shoulder.
“Mmmm, I love my hands on you,” he said. His voice was rough and harsh full of restraint and promises of the things he was going to do to me. His pinched and pulled hard on my nipple until it was painful, my breath caught at the sensation. 
 “Too much?” he asked. “You have to tell me if I hurt you,” he whispered. He eased up on the pinch but only slightly. “I’ll never hurt you Elaina, do you believe me?” 
He could have been telling me he was going to burn me at the damn stakes for all I cared. Hell, I was already burning. That’s what he did to my body. I had to nod because I’d forgotten how to use my damn words again. A problem I would have to figure out how to overcome. He stopped pinching my nipple and moved his hand around my throat applying enough pressure that I could breathe but had to work for it. I closed my eyes. It’s the touch I waited for. The one he gave me at the club. 
“I knew the first night when you stood so still for me that you were mine,” his voice was low, his breath was hot behind my ear as he growled the words. “The things you let me do to you, first in the club and then in Vegas.” His tongue made a path up my neck and behind my ear. “The things you let me do to your ass, even though it was your first time. You trust me.”
“Yes.”  I moaned. His hand was working at unbuttoning my pants.  He put his hand inside my pants running it inside my underwear and my breath caught as I waited for him. When his fingers found my highly sensitized clit I thought I’d hyperventilate.  He tightened the grip around my throat for a second then moved his hand to turn my head and kissed me hard; licking at my lips, stopping the kiss between his teeth and then kissing me again.  He held me up as my body trembled from the climax. He kissed me until my body stopped quaking from the pleasure he’d just given me. He took his hand out of my panties and pressed a finger inside my mouth.
“Are you ready?” The words were sexy as hell, his voice low and rough. His breath was coming in quick puffs of hot air against ear. I was being given advance noticed. I didn’t know what he was warning me of, but I would have gladly followed him into the pits of hell. I nodded and he leaned down and kissed me, “Good girl.” 
Oh shit.
He took my hand and led me upstairs. We went to a different bedroom; his I assumed. The room was dark and the switch on the wall turned on ceiling lights that offered a soft amber glow. The bed had no head or foot board, just a large square in the very middle of the room with already crumpled black sheets. Black silk sheets.
“Take your clothes off Elaina.” I didn’t waste time doing it. He watched as I got undressed but remained fully clothed. “On your knees.”
I climbed in bed and stayed on all fours. I didn’t try to watch him; I looked down at those black sheets. “But your elbows on the bed and open your legs,” he said from behind me. 
I lowered my upper body and closed my eyes. I heard the sound of him unbuckling his belt and there was a light touch on my inner thigh so gentle I wondered if I imagined it. Then his hand was between my legs spreading the slickness of my earlier climax to my ass. I held my breath as his finger circled the tight entrance.  Slowly he started moving his finger. The first finger was joined by a second and he took no mercy on me as he fingered my ass. 
“Touch your clit Elaina, play with yourself until you come baby,” he commanded. Immediately one hand left the bed and was between my thighs. I matched his rhythm and started rocking my hips back to meet his fingers. Still riding high from my climax, Malachi put me in the position he had me last night. He straddled on leg and then pulled the older over his chest. Every stroke was deep. Last night he’d let me set the pace, today he was having me on his terms. 
I couldn’t catch my breath. I couldn’t moan. I couldn’t scream or cry out. I could barely hold on to my damn sanity as he possessed me. There was no way I was going to ever leave this man. I released some animalistic, very unladylike and unsexy sound as I had the best orgasm of my life, and Malachi showed no signs of tiring or stopping. He leaned over my body opening me wider and as he hammered inside me. He wrapped his fingers around my throat hard enough to stop my breath.
Never would I have thought someone cutting off my breath was anywhere near the realm of possibilities. But there I was with Malachi Porter’s hand around my throat, seconds away from blacking out, and I would have paid money to stay right where I was. I would fight tooth and nail to stay in the arms of this man, experiencing the most unbelievable pleasure I’ve ever known. 
Just as I thought I really would lose consciousness, he loosened his hold and continued his assault on my clit with his free hand. This time no sound escaped past my lips and I swear Malachi actually roared when he came. As his body came down he rolled, turning me on my stomach. His unsurprisingly semi-hard dick was still seated within the walls of my aching and throbbing sex. 
 I fell asleep...or maybe passed out...or maybe blacked out. There were no pillows on the bed and I woke on my stomach, my head rested on one arm the other was stretched out across the bed. One leg was straight and the other bent at the knee. 
“Do you ever get tired,” I asked raising my ass for him. He was clearly not the only one ready for more.
“Of course. But my hand has a mind of its own,” he said. He kissed my shoulder and then a path down my back. 
“I like how your hand is thinking,” I said moving my ass around trying to guide his finger to the spot his dick had so wholly possessed earlier. His hand got the message and I moaned.
“We better save some for Christian or he’ll have my ass.”
“Not mine?” I asked in a voice that was way more moan than anything else.
“No, that ass belongs only to me beautiful girl,” he said taking his fingers out and slapping my ass lightly. 
We rolled out of bed and Malachi led me by the hand to his bathroom. If Christian was my bath-mate, Malachi was my shower partner. He washed my body with gentle hands, slow and sensual that left me hot and bothered. Even though he could obviously accommodate my needs, he refused. He brought me close to climax and then stopped before I came. The endless teasing had me squirming and I ended up begging at least once. Malachi laughed, kissed me on the forehead and walked away. 
Christian called and talked to Malachi. He would be home at eight and Malachi told him we’d wait to eat dinner with him. He also told him I was waiting for him. He winked at me as he laughed at whatever Christian response was, which he refused to tell me. We started dinner at seven and when I heard the door opened I actually squealed with delight and left Malachi in the kitchen and ran for the front door. Christian was standing just in the foyer loosening his tie when I threw myself at him. He caught me as I wrapped my arms around his neck and waist. 
“Thank God you’re home,” I said between kisses.
He carried me upstairs with me taking off what clothing I could reach, which was no more than unbuttoning his shirt and taking the already loose tie off. He placed me on his bed gently and looked down at me as he finished undressing. I was in a t-shirt and a pair of panties. The only clothes Malachi was allow me to put on after our shower. I pulled the shirt over my head and hooked my fingers in the sides of my panties, raising my hips and then my legs to take them off.
Christian’s touch was a soft wave upon my skin. He cooled what Malachi burns. He soothed what ached, not only my body but my soul. This touch told me I was worshipped, cherished and loved. It calmed my heart and my breathing was easy as it lulled me and made me feel safe. I’d know no hurt, as long as this man was in my life. The feeling of safety he offered was like a home.
Christian went to his knees in front of me. He pushed one leg out as far as he could by the thigh and placed the other one over his shoulder. He blew lightly over my open sex sending a jolt of cool pleasure across it right before he licked me. I moaned and circled my hips as he pleasured me with his tongue. He didn’t use his hands or fingers just his wonderfully talented tongue. When I didn’t think I could take it any longer and begged him to let me come he stood and slid in me torturously slow and became still. When he moved it was heaven. He thumbed my clit with one hand while stroking my leg with the other. He kissed my feet. I raised the leg that he hadn’t captured and placed my foot on his shoulder. He sucked on my toes and kissed my ankles. He was the lover that every woman dreams of.  I marveled at his ability to orgasm without the regular frenzy, it was amazing. It was as if his pleasure depended on mine. He rarely spoke or made a sound other than a soft moan or a whispered word and always came shortly after me. Pleasure stole our breath. 
He leaned down and picked me up from the bed staying inside me as he turned and sat down on the bed. I put my head on his shoulder and he kissed the top of it.
 “It’s so much nicer with you here,” he whispered. “I couldn’t wait to get home. I could hardly concentrate,” he said kissing my throat and running a hand down my back.
“Malachi has been torturing me all afternoon,” He laughed at that. 
I felt bad about leaving Malachi with all the cooking but it served him right for keeping me all hot and bothered for most of the day. Our dinner was lamb, asparagus and bacon cheddar mash potatoes with a salad. We drank a bottle of wine with dinner and a second one sitting on the porch going over the palimony documents. The two really were fools.
The agreement was insane. If I decided to leave, I walked away with a furnished house, lifelong paid utilities and a car of my choice to be replaced every three years. If one of then decided to leave the relationship that person gave me five million dollars... cash. If I was dumped by my remaining lover he would give me ten million dollars cash and the furnished house and car deal. It was preposterous. 
“There’s no way I can sign this. It’s...ridiculous.” I said. My elbows were on my knees. I was shaking my head. 
“You can,” Malachi said. He was on my left and rubbed my back. 
“You will,” Christian said. He was running his hand up and down my leg. 
I was in sensory overload. I found myself always being touched by one or the other. I took a deep breath and leaned back between the two of them. 
“You guys are crazy.” Neither of them said anything. “I just need time to think about it,” I said.
“Okay,” Christian said. “I guess that’ll do.” He threw the papers on the table and grabbed his glass from the side table next to the couch we sat on. 
The patio ceiling fans were on, keeping us comfortable on the hot night. I put my head on Malachi’s shoulder and grabbed Christian’s hand. We sat looking at the back yard until we went to bed. Christian slept in his pajama bottoms; I decided to sleep nude. With Malachi it was easier that way. Malachi liked to sleep with my back to him. Easier access for middle of the night quickies.
Have I said how perfect my life was?

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Over the years De La Cruz had learned to control the monster within the man. Now it raged inside him in a way he hadn’t known possible. He’d broken his phone when he threw it across the room when he received Ms. Freeman’s email that she was taking vacation. He’d broken his replacement when she refused to answer any of his. He’d asked Jamie in a roundabout way, if she had heard from her this morning. The girl hadn’t. Ms. Freeman seemed to have fallen off the face of the fucking planet. 
He’d gone to her house and broken in. All her personal items were gone, but her furniture was there. He had only one panic filled day when he thought she may report his show of affection to the police, but they never showed up. By the end of the day he was certain that she wouldn’t. There was nothing he could do but wait. But the waiting was driving him insane. He walked biting back the hard words that seemed to be on the tip of his tongue. If she came back...correction...when she came back, they were going to have a very serious discussion. He thought she’d learned at the hotel but he had been wrong. 
The shop had been closed for hours. The only light came from the screen of his laptop that displayed recorded video of Ms. Freeman’s office. His pants were unzipped and he worked his cock hard. He masturbated to this video regularly. He’d tried to fuck his wife to ebb this desire. He’d closed his eyes and tried to imagine Ms. Freeman, the tight slick lips of her sex stretch around him as he pushed inside her, her full breasts with hard nipples that were as big as grapes, skin so soft it caressed you instead of the other way around. It hadn’t work. He’d even considered trying to sneak a picture of Ms. Freeman in bed but knew it wouldn’t work. His wife just wasn’t as tight; her breasts were damn near non-existent, and her body too frail. Damn skinny bitch. 
He yelled as he came. His come spilling out in hard jets covering his hands. He cursed when he saw some on his shirt and pants. He would have to throw them away. His bitch wife had a habit of checking his clothes. She would never leave him but she could yell like nobody’s business and hold a damn grudge like a son of a bitch. Not that he cared, but the monster was just too close to the surface. He didn’t trust himself not to snap her neck if she started shit with him.
He was heading for the mall for a change of clothes. Anger and rage buzzing in his head like gnats, eating away at his remaining sanity. He spotted the hooker and had a change of plans. It’d been years since he’d played. Years since he wanted to, but this week had been particularly trying. She was in his car with the promise of an extra two hundred dollars if she was willing to go to a spot of his choosing. He smiled for the first time in days.
De La Cruz turned on the high beams as he took the dirt road just wide enough for one car. He engaged in conversation with the whore he’d picked up to keep her calm. He was quite charming. As he pulled up in front of the wood cabin, he pointed the car to face a little to the right. It was the concrete structure they were headed for. The one he thought of as his playhouse.  It was completely sound proof. He was headed around the car to open the door for what’s her name, but she beat him to it. He smiled at her as he took her elbow and gently led her to the building. She was quiet now but De La Cruz was prepared to grab her if she ran. They were in the middle of nowhere and headed for a windowless concrete building with a steel door. Her momma had raised a whore but evidently nobody’s fool. The problem was—it was a little too late. He could almost hear her thoughts as she tried to figure a way to get out the mess she found herself in. He smiled again.
He had to give her credit. She made it as far as the door opening before she tried to pull away from him. It was much too late at that point. He overtook her easily and pushed her across the room before slamming and locking the door behind him. She was leaning against the only piece of furniture in the room. A large, heavy wood table with leather straps on each corner. The panic in her eyes made his dick hard and he rubbed himself as he stalked forward. She screamed.
It was like riding a bike. After knocking the whore out, De La Cruz had gotten her on the table where he stripped removed her clothes. She was coming around as he was finishing up with the last of the leather straps. He was standing at her feet. It didn’t take long for her to start screaming, but De La Cruz wasn’t worried about it. He walked over to a supply closet and opened it. Taking a vial and syringe from one of the shelves he filled the needle before walking back to the whore. She’d stopped screaming when she saw the needle in his hand and started begging. Begging was good. He liked begging. 
It was her hair, so much like Ms. Freeman’s, that made him stop and pick her up. He ran his hands through it, surprised at how lovely the hooker’s hair was. Soft, silky, wavy, just like Elaina’s. She was whispering prayers when he inserted the needle in her arm. The drug would allow her consciousness but steal her ability to scream or struggle too much. Even when he started to bite her hard enough to draw blood, the sounds were moans. It was so much easier to stay in the fantasy when he could pretend the sounds were from pleasure and not pain. He’d taken her in every way possible. Had come numerous times fucking her in the ass, she had been a virgin when it came to anal sex, a pleasant surprise.
 De La Cruz stood next to the table; blood around his mouth and on his thighs. His knuckles were bruised and tender and his chest rose and fell quickly. Sweat dripped from his naked body as he turned to the hose in the corner. The moans of the whore behind him were no longer mistaken for those of pleasure. She screamed out when the first cold jets of water hit her body. The drugs were wearing off, but De La Cruz didn’t care, he was almost done. He rinsed himself off and dressed before grabbing one of the shovels from the closet. He left her crying as he went to dig the grave.

  He sat in his garage, white knuckling his steering wheel as he tried to get his rage under control, but every time he closed his eyes he could see his Ms. Freeman. His woman being touched by someone other than himself, someone else’s dick in her mouth, hand on her skin, someone else fucking that tight cunt. It was enough to drive any sane man mad. He couldn’t wait until Monday. He would make sure they had an understanding before she left the office and if she dare go back to that punk he’d make his ass disappear. 
Working over the hooker hadn’t satisfied his want for Elaina. If anything, it had made it worse. He’d made quick work of digging the shallow hole. It was private property, he didn’t worry about her being found. He’d taken a shower in the small wood cabin and changed into one of the extra pair of clothes he kept there. There was once a time he visited that place on a regular basis. He’d stopped shortly after hiring Mr. Freeman. 
Finally getting the rage to a manageable level he opened the car door and walked through the garage and climbed the short set of stairs leading into the kitchen of his house. His wife was cooking dinner and he was able to force something he hoped passed for a pleasant look on his face. A smile was out of the question. 
“How was your day?”  His wife’s back was to him while she stood at the stove cooking something he would eat even though his stomach was in knots, anger already filling him.
“Fine.” 
He walked to the bar and grabbed a glass from the cabinet before bending and grabbing a bottle. He filled it with ice and poured a generous helping of whisky on it. He drank it down before it had a chance to chill. His wife was staring at him from her spot in the kitchen. He was not the type of man to drink in the middle of the week. Mrs. Busy Body picked up any change in his behavior, always riding his ass to make sure he was happy. Was he satisfied? Could she do anything?  
When he originally met his wife she was a kid and the attention she gave him was cute.Once they were married he realized she didn’t have a backbone in her fucking body. She wouldn’t speak up for herself to save her own damn life. She was weak. Not like Ms. Freeman. Ms. Freeman, who could negotiate as well as any man, who never showed intimidation and never backed down; she ran his company, employees and vendors with an iron fist and had a reputation not to be fucked with. She was perfect in every way.
“I’m stressed about the bid on the hospital,” he said to his wife turning to pour another drink.
  “I’m sure everything will be fine Felix,” he heard her say. He had to loosen his hold on the glass. What a dumb generic statement. Ms. Freeman would have gone over why they had a chance to get the bid; would have told him if it was too high or too low. She would have told him of her ideas of calling around to find out who else had a bid on the job. Not given him some weak ass “everything will be fine” bullshit.
He pinched the bridge of his nose before putting the bottle of whiskey back in the cabinet. His whole body screamed for him to drink straight from it, but he didn’t know if he would have the control not to kill the current Mrs. De La Cruz if she so much as made a sound once he was drunk.
“We’re having Mexican tonight,” his wife said. She was still standing at the stove stirring canned refried beans in a pot.
De La Cruz stood behind his wife, looking at the back of her head, wondering if it would kill her if he hit her in the head with the glass in his hand. It was heavy lead crystal. It had a good weight. A suitable weapon if nothing else was available. His arm was rising on its own when his wife turned to him. He quickly brought it to his lips.  
De La Cruz choked down his food while nodding and inserting one syllable replies as needed. He left her cleaning up the kitchen for his home office. Pulling up video on his home laptop he watched but reframed from masturbating. He spent more than an hour in his office before going to his bedroom. He showered, put on his pajamas and got in bed. He was watching the evening news, or he had been, when he became distracted by his wife getting ready for bed. 
She was dressed in a gown that by all accounts should have been sexy. But his wife had the body of a prepubescent boy and the places where the gown should have hugged and embraced round and soft womanly curves, hung straight and loose. Her arms and legs were skeletal. For fucks sake he could count her vertebra.  He averted his eyes when she turned and walked into the room. She got in bed turned her lamp off and laid down. He willed his hand to stay on the bed when her back touched his hand. 
Before he was Felix De La Cruz, he’d grown up in a house were three generations lived with no electricity or running water. He and his family bathed in a nearby river and had a fucking outhouse to shit in. So much anger. He had been an angry resentful child. His father and uncles, even his fucking grandfather, went out each day looking for work, but there was never enough. Enough money, or enough food. And the women in the house had babies like feeding another mouth was not a burden. 
He didn’t remember when he decided that his life was not always going to be that way. But he had sworn that it wouldn’t. One day he would have a nice house; one that, with a simple flick of the wrist, he could illuminate a room. No more fucking candles or oil lamps. He’d have a bathroom with a bathtub big enough to remind him of the river he’d bathed in. He’d have clean, brand new clothes and shoes. 
When the drug dealers showed up, it was the answer to all his prayers. He’d started small, no more than an errand boy was all they would give him. He’d worked his way up, because as much as he detested the men in his own family, they had taught him to be a good worker. Before long he was collecting the money earned by the low level dealers, and then picking up money being sent back from America. 
He’d killed for the first time when he was fifteen. He’d overheard a conversation between the big boss and one of the higher level thugs about a drug dealer who was continuing to be short. He needed to be made an example of; a boy that young Jiovanni had grown up with. Hector was not expecting him to be a threat. He’d smiled at Jiovanni as he approached. Had smiled all the way up until his friend sliced his throat with the box cutter he’d stolen from his uncle. It had been a dangerous game to play. The boss could have just as easily killed Jiovanni, but it had played out in his favor. The man put Jiovanni in the hands of the top assassin. The one sent all over the world. By nineteen Jiovanni was just as good. He was sent to America, with a few others to take back the streets of a town loss to a new gang. 
America was the place Jiovanni had dreamed of when he was a kid. He’d befriend a man that occasionally hung out at the bar he and his crew went to. And the plan had been laid. Killing the man and his family was nothing. Neither was taking out the men who shared the house with him. He’d promised himself happiness when he was a boy, and there he lay, in bed, in a house that boasted six thousand square feet. His wife wore a ring worth half a million dollars. There was no luxury he could not afford and yet his dick was as hard as stone with the face of an employee burned onto the back of his closed lids and the memory of her silken flesh seared on his brain. 
Force had not worked. It had driven her straight into the arms of another man. Maybe he’d try the opposite end of the spectrum. He’d show her gentleness, kindness. The longer he thought about it the more it made sense. He’d known Ms. Freeman to be a worthy and equal player in his business, of course she would not submit so easily. 
The anger and rage that had been building since her vacation email eased as the new plan developed. He put his hands behind his head and gently moved further to the edge of the bed when his wife rolled in his direction. Another inch and he’d be on the damn floor. He’d think about what to do with his wife later, right now he only had room for Ms. Freeman. 
He couldn’t wait for fucking Monday.

*****

What can I say—I’m a sucker for love. They wore me out and then wore me down and by Sunday I had agreed to all kinds of shit, including but not limited to: letting go of my apartment and quitting my job. I told them I would turn in my letter of resignation on Monday end of day. It would give me enough time to get everything together for Jamie. They agreed and we celebrated by skinny dipping in the pool beyond the tropical inner back yard. Past the pool was a tennis court I hadn’t even realized was out there. The yard seemed to go on for miles. 
Sunday night came too quick and I was excited about the new life with my two lovers. The idea of quitting my job was like waiting for Christmas morning and I was giddy. Christian promised that he would take some time off and we’d go on a vacation that involved white sandy beaches and clear blue water.  Malachi told me he’d take me shopping for bikinis and other equally revealing clothing for our trip. I commented that I thought men didn’t like shopping with women and he said he’d never pass up an opportunity to see my body in clothes barely big enough to cover my ass. I told him that he needed to pace himself or the new would wear off me and he’d get tired of me and he declared, to my delight—never. Christian said he was fine with the shopping, but said that wherever we ended up we were guaranteed to have a private beach where swimming apparel would be optional. I imagined lying on the beach naked. Nothing but sun and my men’s hands on my skin. It seemed heavenly.
Lying in bed Sunday night, we stayed up to the wee hours of the morning talking about the things we would do on our vacation. Christian about a couple of days on a yacht, Malachi about bungalows with no walls; only curtains and nets separating us from the elements. I fell asleep with them whispering how much fun we would have.

“I have three people coming tomorrow for the housekeeping position. I need to know if they’ll live here. Malachi mentioned you had a staff of five previously,” I asked Christian while I poured coffee in my mug. 
“They’ll live in one of the garage apartment. It’s big enough to accommodate a family of four,” he answered. He was going over the palimony papers we’d signed the night before. 
“The bed will be delivered on Wednesday. I’ll put the other in storage unless you had other ideas for it.” Malachi said from the refrigerator. He brought me milk for my coffee and poured a glass of orange juice for Christian. 
“Storage is fine,” Christian said taking the glass from Malachi, “Elaina your check book and debit card should arrive today or tomorrow.”
“How is that possible? We...” I stopped because it was obvious that he’d opened the account before I agreed to the terms. I narrowed my eyes and tried to look upset. Christian looked at me as if he dared me to say something, Malachi shrugged. I gave up the faux scorn and kissed Malachi before going to kiss Christian. I sat my coffee down to take the few things I needed out of the large pewter hobo bag I’d carried over the weekend to the black clutch I was taking to work today. 
“I’ll leave work at four today sharp,” I said, hunting for my tube of lip gloss. “Will you be home early today or working late?”
“I’ll have to call and give you an update later. If we’re going to go away for a couple of weeks I’ll need to get some things settled.”
Life with Christian and Malachi was easy. I was always pinching myself to make sure I wasn’t dreaming.  We’d come together like fish to water. I backed out of the drive singing along to the radio and daydreaming about our vacation.I stopped and picked up coffee for the office. Jamie was there and smiled when she saw me through the glass front of our office.
“Hello Ms. Freeman. Did you have a good vacation?” 
 “Yes, Jamie, I had a wonderful time,” I answered honestly. I knew Mr. De La Cruz was there, I’d seen his car in the parking lot. Jamie didn’t mention him, and neither did I. I’d checked a few of my emails on my phone and none from him seemed particular urgent, but I’d answered a few last night. I put my purse in my top drawer and started the task of getting everything organized for Jamie. Mr. De La Cruz had given Jamie her laptop and phone. I created a file putting all the logins and passwords that Jamie would need in one place. I was so busy I didn’t worry about not seeing Mr. De La Cruz. I was also too pre-occupied to notice the warehouse guys started leaving shortly after nine.
“Have a good day Ms. Freeman,” Jamie said from the time clock. 
“Have a good lunch Jamie,” I yelled.
“I’m going home for the day Ms. Freeman.” 
I looked up from my computer and Jamie was standing in the doorway of my office. “Going home?” I asked.
“Yeah, Mr. De La Cruz is closing the shop early,” she said hiking her purse further up her shoulder.  “I’m the last to leave.”
For a moment I wanted to ask her to stay with me. I had my mouth open to say just that, but in the end I didn’t. She was standing there looking so excited at the thought of an early day off. It was sunny and beautiful outside. I couldn’t ruin that for her. 
“Oh.” I said instead, “Okay, well, have a good rest of your day Jamie.”
“See you tomorrow,” she said turning to leave. 
I should have left with her; instead I pulled my phone out and called Malachi. I was going to get the hell out of dodge as soon as I finished up. There was tons more I’d planned on organizing for Jamie but there was no way in hell I was going to stay there for any prolonged amount of time with Mr. De La Cruz. At the same time I refused to let fear and panic rule me. Mr. De La Cruz had been aggressive and controlling but not once had I said no, and God knows I’d been through worse. Just the sound of Malachi’s voice made feel better. 
“Beautiful girl,” he answered on the first ring.
“Looks like I’m getting off early mystery man.”
“Sweet. What time should I expect you?”
“I should be wrapping things up here in the next few minutes. You want to meet at the mall for swimsuit shopping,” I asked. I put the office phone between my ear and shoulder to finished typing the instruction for the server reset for Jamie.
“Hell yeah. Call me when you leave,” he said. 
“Will do,” I hung up the phone and added the finished instruction in the folder I’d created this morning. 
“Ms. Freeman.”  
I jumped at the sound of his voice. Had I really thought I could get through the day without seeing him?
 “Yes sir?” I stood up and took my purse out of the drawer.
“I’m afraid I’ll need you to stay later than the rest of the employees Ms. Freeman.”
 I opened my purse and took out the envelope. “Today is my last day Mr. De La Cruz. I was just wrapping up,” I held my resignation out to him. He crossed the threshold into my office to take the envelope from my hand. When he took it a feeling a dread washed over me strong enough to weaken my knees.

“Speak.” 
Malachi had left a message for this particular acquaintance earlier today. He’d waited for the better part of a week for the information he needed on Elaina’s boss. He and Christian both were relieved when she agreed to quit, but something didn’t sit right with Malachi and he was still itching to find out what. He also didn’t know what had happened to her last week. 
“Felix De La Crux, age fifty three, naturalized citizen since nineteen sixty-eight. He was a migrant worker in Texas before moving twenty five years ago. The rest you know. 
“Damn,” Malachi said slamming his fist on the table. He was getting ready to walk out the door when his phone rang. He and Christian were meeting with their jeweler to have some rings re-sized for Elaina. They planned on giving them to her when they went on vacation. 
“He had a family in Texas that all perished in a house fire the week before showing up in your fair city.” The voice continued. 
Malachi stopped. “Whole family? How many?”
“Wife, a couple of kids,” the voice answered from the other end.
“Did he kill them?” Malachi asked, a chill running the length of his spine and making his knees weak enough that he had to sit down.
 “Newspapers from the time says no. I also pulled a copy of the police report and they ruled it gang related.” 
“But...” Malachi could feel the dread building inside him. There was something bad going on with Mr. Boss.
“The guy’s whole family is killed in a house fire but the guy didn’t stick around to bury them.”
Malachi was starting to feel sick to his stomach and his body broke out in a cold sweat. “That’s odd,” he said in a low voice.
“Odd indeed,” The man paused before continuing. “There was also another fire the same night. Police suspected it housed a group of Mexican drug and gang members.”
“Coincidence?” Malachi asked.
“Don’t believe in those boss.” 
“Neither do I,” Malachi said. “Anything else?”
“No. I got a guy in Texas looking for any family or neighbors from either of the neighborhoods to question them.”
“Thanks  I owe you.”
“No you don’t.” And the line went dead.
Malachi dialed Christian number and filled him in. 
“Worst case scenario?”  Christian asked after hearing Malachi out.
“Felix De La Cruz killed his family and came here for a fresh start.”
“Migrant worker wouldn’t have had the money De La Cruz showed up with twenty five years ago.” Christian said.
“Maybe he stole money from those drug guys that died the same night,” Malachi suggested.
“Maybe,” Christian said. “Either way this sounds bad Malachi.”
“I’m supposed to meet with her at the mall.” Malachi told Christian.
“The rings can wait, go get our girl Malachi,” Christian said.
“You’re preaching to the choir brother, on my way.”

Malachi pulled into the parking lot of Elaina’s job and knew something was off. The only cars were Elaina’s and her boss’s. He was out of the car before it came to a complete stop and left the door opened as he went to the locked door of the office. He was banging on the door when he thought he heard a scream, which drew him to a stop immediately. He stood still and all but stopped breathing as he listened. The next time he heard it he knew, without a doubt, that it was Elaina. He scanned the area for something to break the glass door with and grabbed a rock from the flowerbed. The first strike cracked the glass but didn’t break it, and if he hadn’t hit it with all his might the first time, the third scream coming from the other side gave him all the encouragement he needed. Malachi’s pitch sent the rock through the glass and into the office, where it bounced off the far wall. He charged through the door, heart hammering in a chest tight with fear, for his woman, but also in a rage he had never known.  
 The screams that had got him moving was suddenly cut off and he fought the bile trying to work its way into his mouth at the thought of why she no longer cried out. Going on blind instinct he ran through her office and took the second door that led into the warehouse. He was going to kill Mr. Boss. He was going to kill him with his bare fucking hands. 
There are some things that are so terrible, so awful, that your mind and body first response is to protect itself. When Malachi rounded the corner of the bay in the middle of the warehouse his fought with eyelids that wanted to close to shut out the revolting image before him.  Instinct, inertia, horror, or wrath; any, some, or all of them, were the only reasons his body continued to move forward. 
He was raping her. 
Malachi hardly saw the clothed man in the vicious assault. What he saw was Elaina; bound spread eagle, naked, beaten, bloodied and unconscious. 
There was a stack of cut two by fours at the end of the aisle. Malachi grabbed one without breaking stride on his way to the man that was raping the sprawled body of the woman he’d sworn he’d protect. He raised it over his head and tried his best to take off Mr. Boss motherfucking head. As wood met skull, the slight pause from the connection, sound of the blow, and the fall of a body did nothing to lessen the murderous threat that was Malachi. If the body had landed at his feet he would have beaten the man to death, as it were, his body fell off the table on the other side and only the sight of Elaina stopped him.
 He pulled at the zip ties that held her arms and legs to the table. When he couldn’t break them he looked around for something to cut the thin pieces of white plastic. He rushed over to a work station and frantically searched for something to free her, throwing drawers behind him in the hunt until he found a box cutter. 
“Elaina, baby. Can you hear me?” 
He was not a crying man. He had lost too much too young and it had hardened him in a way that few things brought tears to his eyes.  He looked at the woman he’d just seen this very morning smiling and laughing as she kissed him.  Her eyes swollen and bruised black, her lips split and bleeding and she had bite marks.  
“Elaina, please God, wake up baby,” he said. 
Somewhere in the distance he could hear police calling out but he focused only on her until he heard Christian’s voice.
“Get the fuck out of my way. That’s my fucking wife in there.”  The police had tried to bar Christian’s entrance into the warehouse. God bless their soul. They would probably be meter maids by morning. He was at Malachi’s side shortly after. Malachi looked at his friend with wide terror filled eyes. Elaina had not moved since he’d arrived. 
“Christian,” Malachi whispered. Malachi shifted as much as he could to give Christian space to reach her. 
“Dear God,” the other man said. Malachi could only shake his head, there were no words.

CHAPTER TWELVE

“That’s your wife?” One of the officers said as he looked at the other man holding the unconscious woman.
“Yes,” Christian said, never taking his eyes from Elaina. 
He was pulling what had to be the other man’s shirt close. It didn’t take a defective to figure that one out.  
“Then who is he?” 
“My best friend.”
“Your best friend?” A second officer repeated. 
The two policemen had been first on the scene. They’d pulled up before the guy in the suit and had been in the front office. He entered the building like he was the damn police chief and took off in a run that left them in his dust. 
The man on the table—the one holding the unconscious woman in his arms—was bare-chested and built like a tank. Neither officer had been stupid enough to try to move him or even ask him to move. His look shifted between grief and something so dark both officers were glad the man’s attention was only on the woman. They were also glad that the man lying on the floor next to the table was still out and prayed he stay that way for a while longer. If tankman got off that table to attack him, nothing was going to stop him short of a bullet. And even covered, they could see the asshole had done a number on the woman. 
“Has an ambulance been called,” the suit asked the two standing at the foot of the table.
“Yes sir,” they answered together. 
The static crackle from their shoulders alerted them that other officers had arrived. One of the officers turned his head to the side and gave their location. They could also hear the sound of an ambulance pulling up.
Neither of the officers were one hundred percent sure the nature of the relationship between the three people in front of them. If the suit was the husband, than why the hell was tankman holding the woman, or better yet, why was the suit allowing it? Both men looked equally distraught. Maybe tankman was an ex-husband—or boyfriend? Both were happy when they were joined by two more people, and happier still when the EMT’s that showed up included a woman. The four new people approached the trio slowly. Two of the officers went to the man lying on the floor; the EMT’s were smart; going directly to the woman. 
“Sir,” the woman EMT approached the table and spoke in a low soothing voice, “May I?”
The two first responders casually brought their hands up at the same time, resting their hands on their tasers. 
“Let me help her. What’s her name,” the woman asked, still moving forward and going to stand at the head of the table. 
“Elaina,” tankman replied. 
To their great relief he shifted and laid the woman down on the table and slowly crawled off himself. The suit put a comforting hand on his bare shoulder, and neither officer missed the tightly coiled muscles jump. He looked big holding the woman, he was massive standing up. They watched the EMT check the woman’s vitals before turning. “We’re going to get Elaina on a gurney and take her to the hospital, okay. I promise to take good care of her.” 

“Are you the husband?”  They’d been sitting an eternity in the waiting room. Christian felt like his ass had fused with the fabric of the chair he sat in. 
“I am,” Christian lied confidently. Not that anyone would have questioned him. Powerful men didn’t get questioned. They asked them and got answers.
“Your wife will make a full recovery. She regained consciousness while we were cleaning her. There’s vaginal and anal tearing, but nothing that required stitches, neither did the bites to her neck and breasts. The lip did need stitches, seven of them. She has a slight concussion but nothing to be overly concerned about. Just watch her for a few days. If she complains of dizziness, becomes nauseated, or has any vision impairment bring her back immediately. I’m prescribing her some pain medication as well as some antibiotics Make sure she takes all of the antibiotics and if she needs something stronger for her pain let me know and I’ll call it in to a pharmacy of your choice.”
The words sound like a scene from a horror movie to both of the men standing before the doctor. He was old and it was no telling what he’d seen in his years practicing medicine, but even he looked astonished at the state of Elaina and the torture she’d sustained at the hands of the man a floor below them. 
Malachi was inconsolable. Christian had tried talking to him a few times but had given up, instead offering his friend space to cope on his own terms. It wasn’t a long term solution but he was almost climbing the walls himself as they’d waited on news of Elaina’s condition. 
“Thank you doctor, when can we take her home?” Christian asked.  The doctor looked at Christian and then Malachi but didn’t question the other man’s involvement. Malachi stood like a statue next to Christian hanging on every word.
“I’d like to hold her until tomorrow morning. I don’t expect any complications, it’s just a precaution.”
“Thank you Dr. Hansen, can we see her now?”
 “Of course, she’s at the end of the hall, room two ten.” He shook Christian’s and then Malachi’s hand before leaving them. 
Elaina looked small under the thin blanket that covered her body. Malachi went to the closet, pulling out another blanket to cover her before each pulled up chairs on opposite sides of her and sat down to start their vigil. Christian was prepared to argue with the night shift nurse about visiting hours but she took pity on them. She turned the over head lights off, leaving them the light above the bed after checking Elaina’s vitals. She closed the door softly leaving them in their pain. 
 Neither closed their eyes. The next morning Dr. Hansen came to check on her and told them the sedative should have worn off and she should be waking shortly on her own. He’d release her as soon as she did.  Christian called his assistant and asked her to go by the house for clothes for Elaina. She arrived an hour later with underwear and a long maxi-dress.
Malachi and Christian stood when they heard Elaina stir. They stood over her waiting for her to open her eyes.  She looked between the two of them as tears filled her eyes. She began to cry, her sobs breaking their hearts all over again.
“I’m so sorry,” Malachi said. He hadn’t touched her since they’d arrived at the hospital. His face was full of misery as he looked down at her.
“I should have been there...I don’t...I can’t...” The words caught in his throat as he tried to figure out what to say to her. “Oh beautiful girl I’m so sorry,” he finally got out.
“Where is he?” Elaina asked through her tears. Hysteria was building in her and the one eye not swollen shut was wide with fright.
“He’s in custody,” Christian answered. He didn’t want Malachi to tell her that he was just a floor beneath them. Not that Malachi looked as if he was going to be saying very much. He watched Elaina with pain filled eyes. 
“I tried to stop him,” Elaina started, her voice still filled with panic.
“Rest Elaina, you’re safe now. You don’t have to worry about it right now,” Christian said kissing her lightly on her temple.
“Malachi,” she said looking over.
 Malachi’s jaw worked as he tried to offer something comforting; a word or smile, neither came.
 The doctor was called back and they left the room as he did a more thorough exam. They didn’t go to the waiting room but opted to stand outside her door; Christian standing just outside the room watching Malachi pace back and forth. They turned when the doctor came out.
“I don’t need to tell you that your wife has suffered from a terrible and horrific violation. She’s in shock. I would keep her longer but when I mentioned it she became agitated,” he said. “I’m going to allow you to take her. I want you to call me if she gets any worse, day or night.” 
“Of course,” Christian said. 
They waited on the nurse to come out of the room before going back in. Elaina was sitting up on the edge of the bed dressed. 
“Beautiful girl,” Malachi said walking slowly to her and lowered to his knees. He put his head in her lap. “Oh beautiful girl.”
Elaina looked at Christian with Malachi’s head in her lap. She looked down and raised a hesitant hand and started to rub his hair. Christian sat down in the chair. Leaning forward he held her free hand. “We’re going to take you home Elaina.” 
“We’re going to take care of you baby,” Malachi said from her lap.

It killed him to see her in pain. Christian watched how she winced when she stood from the wheelchair and again when she sat down in the car. Malachi rode in the back while Christian drove them home.  He’d lifted her from the car and carried her in the house and to the bedroom instead of seeing her struggle with either. Malachi went straight to his room and closed the door. 
“Can I take a bath?” Elaina asked from her seat at the edge of the bed.
There had been silence in the car. Christian and Malachi didn’t know what to say that would bring her comfort after what she’d been through. It was hard to imagine how happy they’d been just forty eight hours ago. 
 “Of course” He left her sitting on the edge of the bed going to the bathroom to run the water. When it was ready he went back to help her undress. He stopped himself from wincing at the sight of the bruises and bite marks on her breast. It was the first time he saw them. On the heels of the sadness was a rage that threatened to choke him. 
“Will you join me?” she asked quietly.
“Yes, of course.”
He lowered them in the warm water and positioned her between his legs. He washed her hair and was rinsing it out when Malachi came in the bathroom. Her head was resting on his chest and she turned when she heard Malachi come in. She reached out to him and he took her hand.
Using one hand he unbuttoned his shirt and took it off before grabbing a towel and began bathing her. When he was done he climbed in at her feet. He rubbed her feet and legs while Christian rubbed her arms and stomach. All three looked out the opened door into the back yard. Malachi got out first, drying off and wrapping a towel around his hips before taking Elaina from Christian. He dried her as Christian went for a gown.  Christian brought the pharmacy bag in and gave her a pain pill after they’d tucked her in. 
She was crying again. Christian laid at her front and whispered reassurances and Malachi was behind her rubbing her back as he kissed her shoulder. Malachi envied his friend’s strength. He was left speechless at what he’d seen. The sight haunted every waking moment.  Malachi left as soon as she was a sleep.  Christian stayed with Elaina a few more minutes after Malachi left the room. He eased off the bed after giving her one last kiss on her temple when he was sure she was asleep. 
Her jaw was badly bruised, and her eyes swollen almost close, her lip, with its line of black stitches, was swollen and red. Christian fought to control the emotions racing through his body before turning to leave the room.
The door was closed and he knocked softly before opening it. The large bed in the middle of the room was empty and so was the bathroom.  He went down stairs and found Malachi on the back patio outside the kitchen.
“If I could get my hands on that motherfucker I’d kill him,” Malachi said when Christian stepped out of the kitchen. Christian sat down next to his friend. 
“If you had seen...” Malachi started, swallowed a few times and continued, “If you had seen what he was doing to her Christian,” he finished. But the look in Malachi’s eyes told Christian he didn’t want to see and was damn glad he hadn’t seen. He didn’t want to know what the bastard had done to her.
“How will she come back from something like that,” Malachi asked. His voice full of desperation, his eyes pleading for Christian to have any words to make sense of what had happened, some small piece of comfort. 
“She has us,” Christian said. “She’ll pull through because we’ll help her.” 
“How can what we do to her be the right thing for any woman that has gone through what she has?” 
Christian thought long and hard before answering Malachi’s question. “How can love be wrong Malachi?” 
Malachi didn’t look convinced but he stayed silent. Christian went to the fridge and grabbed a couple of beers. “I hope you’re right Christian,” Malachi said as Christian handed him a beer. A six pack was shared between the two before Christian stood to go back upstairs. 
“Malachi, she needs you too.”  Christian didn’t think he would move but he did.  They both put on pajamas and climbed in bed, each giving her space and neither of them sleeping much. 
Christian knew that Malachi was struggling with his feelings on the dynamics of their relationship. It was true that people would think what they did was perverse even though nothing could be further from the truth. He loved Elaina. Wanted for her everything he would want for any woman he would have dated or wanted to marry. He knew Malachi was the same. More so, if it was possible. He would never be jealous of his friend, but he saw the way Malachi watched Elaina. How he held her and kissed her, even how he was always having sex with her; offering her gentle touches first before becoming aggressive and rough. It was impossible for him to keep his hands off her. Elaina felt the same about them. The time she spent with them together, as well as apart, spoke of the love she had for them.  Crazy, he knew, but all’s fair in love and war. Elaina was strong. She’d pull through. It was Malachi that worried him. 

It was two o’clock when the sound of someone knocking on the door interrupted the movie they were watching. Christian picked up the tray that held remnants of their lunch and took it downstairs. He had been expecting the police to come by. 
“Officer Mann, come in,” he said. 
The stocky officer was one of the first responders to Elaina’s job. He waited until Christian put the tray down and turned around before starting. 
“Felix De La Cruz is still in the hospital but doctors are going to release him tomorrow morning. He’s under arrest based on Mr. Porter’s statement but we would like to talk to Ms. Freeman as soon as possible.”
“Did you talk to her doctor about this?” Christian asked.
“No. Why?”
“Elaina is in shock. The doctor released her hoping that bringing her home would help with her recovery.”
The officer rocked back on his heels looking down at his feet. He breathed deeply before looking back up. He’d been surprised when the hospital had told him she had been released that morning.
 “I see,” he said. 
“I’ll call the doctor to find out how he feels about her talking to you. If he gives his approval I’ll call and let you know.” 
Ordinarily he would have been pissed to be given orders by the man standing in front of him. James Mann wasn’t one to be tried by the rich and powerful. He’d lived in the area his whole life and he knew who Christian Dubois was. He also knew the money Christian’s friend, Malachi Porter had. But that was under ordinary circumstances, something this was most definitely not. 
“Of course Mr. Dubois, thank you. I’ll be looking for your call,” he said.“What has Ms. Freeman said to you about the attack?”
Christian shook his head, “Nothing. But we’re not prying.”
Officer Mann heard the “we” but didn’t question it. Malachi Porter was a bit of a man-whore around town. The two other officers had already reported that both men seemed to be “with” the woman. Christian Dubois had claimed to be her husband, which was not true, but no one was sweating the small shit after what had happened. Their big fish was still lying in the hospital with a pretty good size lump on his head and concussion from the two by four Malachi had hit him with. 
“That’s understandable. But we’ll need to get her official statement as soon as possible Mr. Dubois.”
“Yes of course, I understand,” Christian said walking in the direction of the door. “I’ll call you as soon as I speak to the doctor.” Christian offered his hand to the officer as he opened the door. 
“Thanks Mr. Dubois.” 
Christian closed the door and went to his office. He had rescheduled the interviews and all were to come by today. The bed had been delivered and was in the garage. He’d called his office and checked in with Malachi’s Board of Directors. The yearly stockholder’s meeting was coming up. He turned on the overhead lights in his office and made himself a drink before going to his desk. He sat down and pulled open the top drawer taking out the two small boxes, one black satin, and the other red velvet. The black one held a large oval diamond, five carats, the other a cushion cut eight carat ruby; their mothers’ wedding rings. Fire and ice.
Christian picked up the phone, “Abraham, how are you?” He asked the man who answered.
“Christian I’m good, thank you, and yourself?”
Abraham’s family had been his grandparent’s jeweler. The wall safe next to his desk was filled with the velvet lined boxes of his mother’s jewels; emeralds, diamonds, sapphires, pearls, all pieces that Abraham’s father and grandfather had made or found for the Dubois men over the years. Family jewels passed down through generations and new jewels his father had purchased during the happy times of his parent’s marriage.
“Can you send someone over to pick up the rings Malachi and I were coming to see you about?”  He put the phone between his ear and shoulder taking the ruby ring out its box. His mother may not have loved his father but she adored her ring. She’d worn it proudly. She took delight that it was so different for the other rings worn on the fingers of her friends. 
“Of course Christian, is five okay?”
“Yes five will be fine. When do you think it’ll be ready?”  The man on the other end paused and Christian could hear him muttering to himself. As he waited for the man’s answer he put the rings back in their boxes.
“I can have them ready by next week, no earlier than this weekend,” Abraham said.
“Next week is perfect. Thank you Abraham.”
Busy work. He was thankful for it. The little bit of normalcy went a long way in this situation. He made the second call.
“Chief Pope, how are you?”  Christian said putting the rings back in the desk.
“Mr. Dubois, what can I do for you?” The city’s chief of police was a good ol boy. Christian didn’t care for the man. 
“I’d like to take Ms. Freeman out of the country.” Christian was a man of few words outside of his home. He was respected and feared by a great many people in the city. 
“That shouldn’t be a problem after her statement is made and you keep the office informed of your whereabouts.” Pope said.
“Is there any chance of keeping that monster locked up until trial?”
There was a long pause. He could hear the sound of creaking leather and wood as the man leaned back in his chair. “That may be a tricky one. You know the saying about money walks? That joker’s loaded.”
“I have more money.” Christian said. There was no arrogance, just a statement of fact. 
“I can’t give you any promises Mr. Dubois.”
“I’m not looking for promises,” Christian said. Both men held their phones.
“Understood,” the chief finally said. Christian ended the call as Malachi entered the room.
“She’s asleep,” he said going to the bar making a drink and sitting on the couch. 
Malachi looked like shit. He was starting to wonder if his presences would have a negative effect on Elaina getting better. 
“I’ve decided we’ll go on the trip anyway. I think it will be good for all of us. Give you two a chance to heal?” Malachi raised an eyebrow at his friend but stayed quiet. “Elaina needs to make a statement and then we’re off,” Christian said leaning back in his chair. 
“And De La Cruz,” Malachi asked.
“Handled.” The two men looked at each other. 
“I’m going out for awhile. I’ll be back later,” Malachi said finishing his drink and standing up.
“She needs you too Malachi.” 
Malachi stopped at the door and without turning around said, “Does she Christian?” 
Christian watched his best friend leave. Malachi had more than a little lost boy inside him. He could disappear at any moment. All he had to do was get on that damn jet he kept fueled and ready. Christian hoped telling him that he wanted to go on the trip would keep him there, or at the very least the jet, which would make tracking Malachi easier.
He needed to get both of them somewhere safe.  Malachi would never hurt a woman and Christian knew he’d rather die than hurt Elaina. Now Malachi had in his head that his very nature, how he touched and made love to Elaina would hurt her. Too close to the attack that she had suffered and he was getting ready to run. He was going to get her out of his system and try to get over her. Christian would never let go of Elaina, which meant never seeing Malachi because she was in love with him and him going away was not going to change anything.  Elaina needed Malachi. For Christian it was a done deal. They all stay together. 

*****

“Mr. Del La Cruz can you hear me?”
He kept his eyes closed. Where the fuck was he?  He was certain he wasn’t in the warehouse. Ms. Freeman surely wouldn’t care if he was okay if she had gotten free. He remembered staying up all night with his stick figure of a wife lying next to him. She slept with one of those eye things on that he’d always fucking hated. He’d lain next to her and remembered is childhood. The next day he’d started sending the warehouse people home at eight. By noon the office was empty. He’d taken out the emerald cut, diamond ring a half a dozen times. It was perfect in every way, the same as Ms. Freeman. He was prepared to declare his intent and make her see how much he loved her, how much he needed her. Once Jamie left he’d locked the front office door and walked to her office but the bitch had given him a letter of resignation. 
His memory of everything that happened flooded him with such force he opened his eyes. He closed them and had to fight to keep his breathing steady. There was nothing he could do with his damn traitorous heartbeat. He felt hands on him soon after the monitor gave away his raised heartbeat. He was left alone soon enough.
He hadn’t meant to hit her. He certainly never meant to knock her unconscious. As he bent over her motionless body he went into autopilot, the monster finally freed. He’d taken her to the warehouse. He’d used the box cutter on the desk to cut her clothes from her body. He’d stood at the foot of the table and masturbated. It was so much better than the black, white and grey of the surveillance video. He’d licked her body; her neck and breasts, her stomach and inside her thighs. He’d separated the lips of her pussy with his tongue and licked her clit. The pleasure of his dick sliding inside her was heaven. But not perfect. Her body lying below him motionless was not right. Not knowing the pleasure he was giving her. He’d let her wake up and then he’d show her. She’d agree to go with him. But when she woke she fought him and the monster decided that if she wouldn’t be with him then no one would have her. 
“Doc, is that normal?”
“Yes,”
“Can you do something about it?”
“No”
“Maybe you can find me a scalpel and give me a few minutes alone. I can take care of it.”
Long silence.
“If you saw what he did to that woman upstairs I bet you’d change your mind.”
“Doubtful officer.”
There was a policeman in the room that wanted to cut his dick off. He’d been knocked out and brought to the hospital. No doubt, the moment he was well enough to leave the room he’d be taken to jail. Jail didn’t bother De La Cruz—shit, his own childhood had been worst then hell. He had enough money to make bail and making bail was all he cared about. It was the most important part of the new plan taking shape. He’d make bail and then kill that bitch. Kill her and Christian too.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

A week to the day of my attack a chauffeured car pulled in the driveway of Christian’s home. We rode in silence. I looked out the window hoping to the very end that he would appear. Maybe I’d catch a glimpse of him standing on a corner or walking about. I don’t think I’d even warn Christian or the driver, I’d simple throw myself from the moving car and into his arms.  I knew Christian watched me while he held my hand in both of his. I bit back tears for my missing mystery man. I didn’t want Christian to think me unappreciative of his efforts to help me or think I didn’t love him just as much. I felt incomplete without them both and now more than ever I needed strong arms to hold me. The car drove to the area reserved for private aircraft and we walked up the stairs arm and arm. Christian said something to the captain standing in the doorway of the jet while ushering me forward towards the cabin area. I stopped in my tracks as my body turned. 
There was my warrior. He was dressed as I’d pictured him so many times, in worn jeans and a black t-shirt. His expression was hard to read as he stood in the aisle looking at me. His body crowed the cabin even with the space afforded on a private jet. He was just so damn big. 
“Malachi,” I all but yelled and ran to him. Strong arms caught me as I flung myself forward. 
“Where have you been?” I asked around the sobs I cried into his neck. God he smelled good. He hugged me just as tightly as I held him and he buried his nose in my hair. I felt his massive chest expand as he took a long deep breath and held it for long seconds before releasing it.
“Why did you leave me?” The initial shock of seeing him was gone. I wrapped my legs around his waist and moved my head back so I could look at him. 
He kissed me. A brush of his lips against mine. “Let’s get in our seats,” he said not answering my question. 
 Christian took the seat in front me. I didn’t reach out and touch Malachi and he didn’t touch me either. Both men were affectionate but it was Malachi that always touched me every chance he got. In our short time together I’d gotten use to it. I hadn’t realized until it was gone. 
Christian had held me long hours as I cried. Some tears for what had happened, but others were for the loss of my mystery man. I needed him desperately. I was so scared he was gone for good. Malachi had been missing for almost the entire week. He was there the first two days after I was released from the hospital then after that he’d disappeared. The police came to take a statement. I could see the concern in Christian and the policeman’s face as I repeated the horrors. There had been no tears and I told the story as if it was something that had happened to someone else. The police thanked me, told us that Mr. De La Cruz was being transported to the jail the next day and left. Christian told me that he was taking me on the trip that we’d planned. How long ago that seemed to me as I sat on the overstuffed cream couch in the formal living room. Christian had wanted to take me back to bed, but I’d asked to go outside instead. I loved the backyard. It offered an escape. A prelude to the trip we’d be making. He’d brought me something to drink and sat down. That’s when I asked about Malachi. There was a long pause before he answered. All the spit dried in my mouth. My throat closed. My breath stopped. Every second passed in silence shut me down further. Christian had finally said he was sure that Malachi would be back soon. It was a non-answer, one that told me Christian had no idea where Malachi was. But he’d not left me. He showed up and now he would be on the island that he and Christian had decided to bring me to in happier times.  

I left them both back at the main house, a glass walled mansion. There were also several smaller villas.  The “guests” on the island when we arrived had been the doctor that had taken care of me when I was admitted to the hospital and his family, and a therapist. Who the hell travel with an entourage of health care providers?  We’d been there a week when the doctor removed the stitches from my lip, did a quick exam and declared my body healed. He and his family left two days later. The therapist would be a part of our trip until I spoke to the woman. I refused. It’s been three weeks.  
Christian and Malachi asked, then begged me to talk to the woman. Christian was a hair’s breadth away from demanding that I talk to her. He all but stormed off this morning after his latest attempt to convince me. He was flying back and forth between home and the island. He couldn’t take the extended leave he obviously thought I needed.  
I sighed. I was sitting on one of the world’s most beautiful beaches. I had on a straw hat with a brim the size of a golf umbrella. The sunglasses on my face cost as much as what I’d made in two weeks and the soft, gossamer fabric of my maxi-dress was like a whisper on my naked body. 
I was miserable. 
The guilt of what I was, the fright of Malachi’s inevitable departure, and the horrors of what had happened to me that I couldn’t escape ruined everything. I stood up and headed back to the house for a bath before dinner. The tub was on an outside balcony and overlooked the interior of the island. There was a fireplace and speaker from the house sound system right above the deep, round, white stone, bathtub. It was one of my favorite places on the house. I picked up the hem of the long gown as I made my way up the stone steps. The glass panels of the walls were tucked into recesses making the house appear that it had no walls. The dark wood furniture was built from the wood of the trees that were indigenous the island. I walked to the bamboo bar and took out everything I needed to make a mojito. 
“Can I have one of those?”
I rolled my eyes without turning and silently cursed the voice behind me. The woman was working my damned nerves. She popped up like a ninja on a regular basis. If she had shown up at the beach I probably would have tried to drown her ass. 
“Sure.” 
I’d seen how she looked at Malachi. She had a thing for him. The very thought made me want to bash her in the face with the bottle of rum in my hand.
“I saw you on the beach, I was headed down there when you came back to the house,” she said taking a seat at the bar.
“How’s your accommodations Sharon?” I asked. I took sugar from under the bar and a lime from the bowl on the bar. 
“They’re wonderful Ms. Freeman.” 
As soon as I finished making the pitcher I’d excuse myself. I was looking forward to that bath for a completely different reason now. I couldn’t wait to escape her. 
“Your boyfriend must love you very much to go through so much.”
I took out my frustrations on cutting the lime. Couldn’t she just shut up?  How many times did I have to tell her I had nothing to say? I ignored her.
 “You’re a very lucky woman to have found a man with such devotion.”
“Yes I am,” I said through gritted teeth. Was the bitch trying to guilt me into talking to her? Fuck her. I slammed the knife down on the bar top. 
“Sharon, I told you there was nothing I had to say to you. Why? Because nothing is going to make what happened, un-happen or make it all better. I was attacked by my psycho boss. But I lived through it and now I’m with the men that I love on what would have been a perfect vacation except they won’t touch me because they think I’m broken and I’m being stalked by a crazy bitch who wants to fuck the man I love.”
 If looks could kill, and how I wished they could. But instead the evil witch of a woman sat cool and collected on the other side of the bar. 
“You said men and they?” she finally said. I looked at her. “Are you having an affair with Malachi, Elaina?”
We’d been discreet with our relationship. Christian was a powerful man at home and even with Malachi not taking an active part in the running of his company, so was he. They didn’t need people to know what we did behind closed door. In my fit of childish rage I’d told this cow I was with both of them. I turned my attention back to making the drink.
“Did this happen before or after your attack Ms. Freeman?”
I shook my head and stirred the concoction, filled a glass with ice, poured a drink and slid it to the therapist. 
“I’m going to take a bath.” I said. I filled a bucket with ice and put it in the crook of my arm, grabbed the pitcher by the handle and picked up a glass and turned to leave. 
“Starting an affair with your boyfriend’s best friend may be a coping mechanism. Promiscuity after sexual assault—”
“Shut the fuck up!” I yelled so loud I think I might have done some damage to my vocal cords.
“Elaina.”
I turned around to see Malachi at the top of the stairs. He was a God among men in a pair of well loved, faded jeans. They were frayed on the waist and hems. He had on a white shirt made from a material similar to the dress I wore. He had no shoes or jewelry on. My whole body started to shake. 
This man had owned me a month ago. He still, did but he was pulling away. As much as I wanted to go home, I was terrified of leaving the island. I knew he only stayed because Christian couldn’t stay on the island with me all the time.  I watched as he came down the stairs. He took my load and sat everything back on the bar top and grabbed me by my upper arms. His fingers dug into my skin but I breathed deep as the touch calmed me. It was the strongest one so far.
“Make her go away,” I said in a low voice. “I don’t need her here.” 
“Mr. Dubois hired me.”
“Be quiet Dr. Blanchet,” Malachi said without taking his eyes from me. 
“Mr. Porter I’ve been hired by Mr. Dubois to make sure Ms. Freeman can heal from the things that have happened to her. If I don’t talk to her I have no way of making an accurate assessment. Mr. Dubois is the only one that can dismiss me.” She finally spit out. 
“Dr. Blanchet, Christian may pay you, and we may be stuck with you on this island, but I’m telling you to stay away from the main house. Please stay in your own villa until Christian returns at the end of the week,” Malachi said.
She looked between the two of us. I could see her out the corner of my eye. Malachi looking into my eyes gave her all the confirmation she needed that we loved each other. 
“I’ll be calling Mr. Dubois,” she said turning and stomping out of the room.
“You do that,” Malachi yelled after her before turning back to me. “You were headed for a bath?” 
“How did you know?”
“You spend as much time in that damn bathtub as you do in the actual ocean.” He picked up the ice bucket and pitcher. “Sharing beautiful girl?” 
I grabbed the drink Sharon left on the bar and the empty glass and followed Malachi to the master bedroom.
The bedroom’s color scheme was wood and white. The wicker furniture that made up the sitting area matched the walls and floors. The bench at the end of the bed was made of bamboo in the same color. All the pillow and cushions, the bed linens and sheer curtains were white.  The back wall of the room was floor to ceiling glass panels, the same as downstairs. 
Malachi went outside and started the water in the tub while I poured him a drink. He was standing on the platform going through an assortment of bath gels and oils on the built in shelving behind the tub and turned after pouring a generous helping under the faucet. He took both glasses from me and sat them on the small table next to the tub. 
He grabbed the material of the dress at hip level and began to pull it off. I lifted my arms over my head so he could take the dress off and took the hand he offered me to help me in the tub and watched as he undressed.  Sliding behind me, he pulled me close to his chest. Holding me with one arm, he handed me my drink with the other.  My back was pressed against his hard sculptured chest and my legs sandwiched between his well muscled thighs; he was so solid he felt impenetrable, how could I not feel safe with him? 
“I imagine the good doctor is calling Christian right now,” he said as he rubbed my hair. I moaned as I laid my head back on his chest. 
“No doubt,” I said taking a sip from my drink. I was surprised how good it was. I’d been a little pissed off when I was making the pitcher. 
“You love me?” The question was barely a whisper. He’d overheard during my argument with the good doctor 
“I do.” 
“And you love Christian too?” No jealousy just an inquiry to get the facts.   
“I do.”
 “Why don’t you want to talk about what happened Elaina?”
“There’s nothing to say you don’t already know.”  
I knew it had been Malachi that saved me from Mr. De La Cruz. Christian told me. He also told me how Malachi had been, first at the warehouse and then at the hospital and about the rage filled silence, followed by guilt, sorrow and uncertainty. Christian shared in my fear of him leaving. We’d both stayed up worried about his return when he’d not come home.
“I don’t know how you feel Elaina.” He tightened his hold on me. I would have gladly melted into his body if I could. “I won’t push baby.”
“Thank you,” I said. 
“I love you too beautiful girl.” 
“And Christian,” I asked. Malachi would know. I didn’t doubt it for a second.
“He loves you too.”

*****
Christian held back the laugh as the therapist explained to him that Elaina was entertaining or already engaged in an affair with is best friend. Her suggestion was to remove Malachi from the island.  He pinched the bridge of his nose as the non-stop run down of the events of the evening were repeated to him. The woman was upset. Malachi had banned her from the main house and then insinuated that he would have her fired. 
“Dr. Blanchet taking Malachi from the island is not an option. Elaina needs someone there when I’m away. I trust him. 
“Mr. Dubois, Elaina has fallen in love with you both. I understand that Mr. Porter is a trusted friend, but if you love your girlfriend, as I know you do, the two should be separated before the emotions Ms. Freeman are forming for your friend get any stronger. I would suggest he has no contact with her at all until she recovers.”
“That’s not possible Dr. Blanchet. Elaina was fond of Malachi before her attack and he has been a critical part of her recovery.”
“Mr. Dubois-”
“Dr. Blanchet. Let me rearrange some things on my schedule and I’ll be on the island tomorrow evening. We can talk more than.” 
“I’m glad to hear that Mr. Dubois. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Christian called Malachi’s phone but it went to voicemail. He had spoken to Chief Pope earlier and De La Cruz had hired a top notch lawyer, but so far the judge denied the bail request that would allow him freedom. Christian knew he couldn’t hide her on the island forever. She’d be called to testify. He was working on Malachi being the only one to face De La Cruz in the courtroom but there was that whole “facing one’s accuser thing.”
Christian took the black box from his desk. The cushion cut ruby was surrounded by diamonds. The ring was exquisite and almost as beautiful as the woman who would wear it. The wedding bands and old settings had been melted down and a new band created. He looked at the inscription, one word, forever. Malachi had no idea he had Abraham finished the ring. He took the two larger bands out. The wedding bands of their fathers; resized to fit Malachi and himself. They could not be legally wed, but they damn sure belonged to each other. 

“I’ll be there tomorrow,” Christian said before Malachi said a word. 
Malachi had called once Elaina had fallen asleep. He’d put his phone on vibrate after getting out of the bath with her. He knew Christian would be calling in after the doctor’s phone call. But he and Elaina needed some time. Hell, he needed the time. 
“Good, our girl needs you. She needs both of us,” he said.
Christian sigh had relief written all over it and Malachi could hear the tension the man had carried since the hospital.
 “What changed you mind?”  
He smiled, “She loves us.”  The sound of disbelief was in his voice. Like he had dared to think such a thing was possible. 
“I have the ring.” Nothing else needed to be said. 
“How does it look?”
“No words,” Christian said.
“That good?” Malachi laughed. It felt good to laugh again. 
“Better,” Christian laughed himself. “You pissed the good doctor off.”
“She was pissing off Elaina.”
There was a long silence on the phone. Christian wanted Elaina to speak to the doctor not only because of what happened with De La Cruz but also the things he’d sensed in her from before. 
“I’m going back to her. See you tomorrow.”
Malachi hung up the phone and crossed the balcony back to the bedroom. They’d gotten pretty drunk. Christian would have his ass if he knew but they’d had fun. Something they both desperately needed. They’d brought her here but it was everything but what they had originally envisioned. This was supposed to be them celebrating their new life together. Instead it was full of pain and regret, bitterness and sadness. But every bit of that was changing tomorrow. It was time for them to leave soon and before they did this trip would be everything he and Christian had wanted for her. Christian had the rings and he would have him ship that damn arrogant doctor off as soon as he stepped off the boat. 
He stood at the side of the bed in pajamas. Something he hadn’t done in a long time. Even as a kid he hadn’t been modest and many times he would get out of bed and take off the pajamas his aunt would put on him after bath time. But for her he wore them. He didn’t want her to be afraid of him sleeping with her. She had thrown the covers off. Her t-shirt had ridden up over her hips and she didn’t have any underwear on. He wanted to touch her; to feel her skin against his. He had lost a little more of his mind every day he’d watched her suffer after the attack. It’s the reason he left. The images of how she looked when he found her haunted him in his dreams. She had almost been taken from him, from Christian too. But she was better. 
He’d overheard that she wanted to be touched by him and Christian. He’d wait for Christian to make love to her but he could hold her now. He took off his pajama bottoms and climbed in bed. He grabbed the hem of her t-shirt. She opened her eyes still half asleep. 
“It’s okay beautiful girl, I just want to hold you.” 
She nodded and sat up to allow him to pull the shirt over her head. She waited for him to get settled and laid down in his arms and was back asleep before she took a second full breath.
“Love you beautiful girl,” he whispered in her hair. 
 
Ding dong the bitch is gone. Christian sent the dreaded doctor away. He’d stopped at her villa before coming to the big house. We spent the day, just the three of us, on the beach with a cooler full of beer and mojitos. The mood was different. It was right for the first time since we’d arrived. Now we sat on the deck overlooking the ocean.Watching the waves and staying hydrated. It was a short break before we started dinner.  Both Christian and Malachi got off the couch and knelt before me. Christian pulled out a small black box. My mouth hung opened as I looked down at the quarter size ruby and diamond ring. 
“What is this?” I asked, looking at them both.  That’s when I saw they were wearing rings of their own. 
“The ring that will bind you to us Elaina,” Christian said. “We love you beautiful girl. We want to spend the rest of our lives with you.” Malachi added.
“Yes!” There was no pause, no thinking or second guessing. If they were willing to have me, I was ready to be taken, or to be caught, as they both had told me on separated occasions. I loved these men and they loved me. The how and why of it all, the logistics of it, didn’t matter. 
Malachi pulled a small smooth plain band from his pocket and handed it to me. 
“It’s inscribed.” I turned the band and saw the one word. Malachi took the ring from me and placed it on my finger before Christian put the ruby ring on. 
“Forever beautiful girl.”
“Forever sweetest Elaina.”
“Forever,” I said.
I was just as nervous as any new bride on her honeymoon night. Tonight, promises had been made, vows taken, oaths sworn. Nothing legal, but we were bound in a way no law could ever undo. I stood between my two worlds. My sun and moon. One kissing my mouth, the other my neck. I had lips on my eyelids and on my shoulder. There were hands on my breasts and one in my hair. I didn’t know where one started and the other ended. They were two parts of a whole. 
I was undressed and laid on the bed with gentle hands. Christian kissed me on the mouth. I knew because he smelled of earth. Natural and fresh, he didn’t wear cologne and his smell was heaven to me. His hands were the ones that were on my breasts, his thumbs running across my aching and hard nipples. I knew his touch. His gentle hands, so soft they whispered a promise to cherish what they touch they offered warmth and security. There was love in this touch. 
Malachi kiss was lower, on my stomach. His hands hold harder on my thighs, almost desperate in their need to touch me. They too cherish but offer strength and protection. This touch shouted of desperate need and possession. 
Christian rubbed my hair and kissed my forehead and cheeks. His lips brushed mine just a second before he moved to my chin and neck. He kissed the top of each breasts before he covered a nipple with his mouth before his tongue, laid flat, ran across my body to the other. 
Malachi alternate between licking and kissing the inside of one thigh and then the other. His gentle bites caused me to arch my back. He held my legs open as I fought to close them, as I fought the experience of pleasures so great it stopped my breath and made me lose my mind.  I screamed out Malachi’s name when his tongue made contact with my clit and then Christian’s name when he bit my nipple. My body was alight in pleasures I’d never dreamed of. 
“I love you Elaina,” Christian whispered. His mouth was next to my ear. His heavy breathing drove me as insane as did the feeling of what Malachi was doing to me.
Malachi took my head in his hands and pressed his lips to mine. His kiss was meant to conquer. He palmed one of my breasts, squeezing it but not hurting at all. I loved him. He smelled like cologne. His body was strong, hard. He was a living Adonis, a work of art. I ran my hand down his stomach. He never disappoint, his erection was a hard, thick; a heavy weight in the palm of my hand. He was perfection.
 “I love you beautiful girl,” he moaned as I stroked him. I wanted to taste him. I’ve not done that with either of my worlds. Tonight there would be nothing we don’t know of each other. Nothing denied. 
 “Let me taste you mystery man,” I half moaned and half plead. 
Christian pulled my body down and spread my legs over his open thighs. I liked this position because he used his hands so wonderfully. As he pushed inside me I felt the brush of his thumb on my clit. The combination of pleasure was guaranteed to send me over the edge fast. Malachi knelt next to me. I dragged my tongue across the head of his dick and he tightened his hold on my hair. 
“Shit baby.” I heard him hiss. He rocked his hips, aiding my attempts to get him further in my mouth. His hands rubbed my hair and he pinched my nipples. I flattened my tongue and drew him deeper in my mouth, but pulled away when I start to orgasm. 
Christian circling thumb matched the pace of his circling hips, the slow entry and withdrawal of him inside me stopped my breath. He was my silent moon; so quiet and gentle as he controlled my every ebb and flow. I tried to close my legs around him but he held firm to one thigh as that wonderful, dastardly thumb increased its pressure on my clit. He lifted my leg higher so he could enter me deeper. I felt his tempo increase ever so slightly and the sound of his moan of pleasure was caused my own climax. 
Malachi. My sun. He burns for me. Always eager and sometimes impatient, he entered me quickly. In one hard thrust of his hips and my cry was caught between the lips of my moon. Christian helped hold me in place as Malachi raged between my legs. Malachi hands were on my hips, close to my waist, and he pulled my body toward his. My sun held back. I knew he worried that his touch was too much like the one that hurt me. But he was wrong. I knew his touch would never hurt. It brought me only pleasure.
 I kissed Christian. “I love you.” I said against his mouth. 
“I love you too.” 
“He needs me.” Christian gave me one last kiss on the corner of my mouth. 
There was fire in his eyes. He grabbed me low, held me around my waist and lifted me from the bed. I wrapped my legs around his waist while on his thighs. He stretched me, filled me completely. I rocked my body, rolled my hips. 
“It feels so good Malachi.” I panted as I let go of his arms and wrapped my arms around his neck. He moved his hands to my ass and spread me wider as he rose to his knees. 
“God Elaina,” he moaned into my ear. Our bodies were an explosion of movement. I 
“I love you so much Malachi,” I said and gently bit his ear. “How you touch me. How you feel inside me.” 
“Fuck Elaina,” he all but roared. He wrapped one arm around my waist and grabbed a handful of my hair and yanked my head back and kissed me before throwing me to the bed. He pushed my legs up and apart, held my legs by the shins and fucked the shit out of me. 
“Oh God Malachi.” Christian hand went to my clit and his lips covered mine right before I came. My cries caught in the kiss of my moon, and the sound of my sun exploding around me. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

When we returned, the bed was set up and Christian had hired a wonderful middle aged woman and her husband on one of his trips home. Claire was an excellent cook and her husband Sam took care of the yard and was also a driver. Christian had also taken care of clearing out my apartment and had all my furniture put in storage and we started our new life together. We were married as married could be. 
Malachi bought jewelry. Lots of jewelry. I had to ask him to stop, a thing I never would have thought possible. I wore jewels in bed or in the bath. I wore them naked while eating Saturday breakfast sitting on the back porch I’d once shared with Christian and now share with both. I wore them in jeans and tank tops. I couldn’t wait to wear them with a ball gown. 
We were silly newlyweds. We fuck like minks, sometimes together sometimes apart. Malachi time was during the day while Christian’s at work.  Christian’s time was in the evening when he came home from work. Sometimes Malachi watched; standing in the hallway leading to the bathroom, propped against the wall with his arms across his chest. I’ve reached out to him sometimes to join us but he shakes his head.  As much as I love the alone time with them, it is when we’re all together that I look forward to. 
“Can you get me a job in your office?” I said between bites of my buttered toast. Christian and Malachi looked at me at the same time. “Fire your assistant. I’d be better,” I said only half way joking. 
“Sure I can get you a job.” Christian said. “But why do you want one?”
“I’ve worked my whole life and lying in bed with Malachi all day, while taxing, is not work. I need something to do.” 
“Gee thanks sweetheart,” Malachi said and threw a piece of fruit from his plate at me.
“You know what I mean.” I looked back at Christian. “Maybe something part-time,” I got up and crawled into Christian lap. “I could work in the morning and fuck Malachi all afternoon,” I said laying my head on his chest and sticking my tongue out at Malachi. 
“Sounds like you got it all figured out,” Christian laughed as he read the paper over my head. 
“Is that a yes?”
“I can’t fire a long term, cherished, not to mention full time employee. Keeping track of my day is a full time job.” 
“What about you make her your secretary and I can be your assistant. I can work in the office half the day and from home the other half.” 
Christian put down the paper. “You’re serious?” 
“I am.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” he kissed the top of my head and I left his lap. Malachi grabbed me as I passed his seat. 
“I need you beautiful girl. Don’t leave me alone for too long.”
Christian love was a quiet, steadfast given. Malachi’s love was an eruption; loud and rough. There was no denying his claim. No doubt people would think it was he and I that was the couple and Christian the friend.  
“Maybe you could come to work too.”
“Yeah Malachi,” Christian added smiling at Malachi at my suggestion. “Why don’t you come to work too?”
“Okay.”
Christian looked at Malachi like he’d just said he’d agreed to gender reassignment. 
“What?” I said looking between the two of them. Malachi was a bit of a free spirit but it didn’t mean he couldn’t work.
“You want to work?” Christian said.
“Yeah, I mean, since I have a wife and all to provide for,” he said kissing my neck. “And secret office sex is hot.” 
Christian laughed and shook his head, “Okay, if you’re both serious I’ll arrange it. When do you want to start?”  He stood up and picked his briefcase up. 
I looked at Malachi. “As soon as you can get everything set up. It’ll be full time too.” 
I squealed in delight and kissed Malachi before walking Christian to the door. 
“Shopping!” Malachi yelled from the kitchen.
My eyes widen because what women doesn’t love shopping and Christian laughed at us as I offered him a quick kiss before running upstairs to get dressed. I picked an aqua blue pencil skirt and a bright yellow silk tank top. I paired the outfit with a pair of coral and gold strappy sandals. I put on a gold necklace that had fat links and matching earrings and a sleeve of diamond encrusted bangle bracelets.
“My god you are beautiful.” Malachi was standing in the doorway, leaned against the doorframe. He was in all white linen and brown leather loafers. 
“You’re not so bad yourself,” I said turning around. I walked over and put my arms around his neck. 
He pulled me close to him and put his nose in my hair and inhaled. “I love you Elaina. So damn much it hurts me sometimes.”
“I love you just as much Malachi,” 
There was more of Malachi in me than Christian. Malachi nature was what I needed. I needed someone that was as clingy as me. Someone that showed no restraint when it came to showing how much he loved me. Christian may have declared his intent first but Malachi was the one that found me. 
“Come on, I need suits.”
Malachi was every shopping woman’s dream. He loved shopping and had impeccable taste.  We spent the majority of our time in one store. I sat and drank coffee and then champagne as morning turned into afternoon while he tried on suit after suit that were chalked and pinned. Then we picked ties, cufflinks, two tuxedos, shoes and a briefcase. 
“I think I can afford a couple of hot dogs for lunch,” Malachi said. We were walking to the food court for lunch. 
“Hot dogs sound delicious,” I said smiling up at him. “I’ll buy the drinks.” 
 “You’re on.”
We ordered our food and sat in the middle of a sea of tables. “Do you think that we should take Christian some lunch,” Malachi asked me.
 “Nah, I think we should get as much afternoon sex in as we can before we start our new jobs.” 
“Now you whistling Dixie beautiful girl.” 

*****

“You have no family ties, access to over twenty million dollars and for all we know, family in a different country that you could disappear in. All that aside, you are accused of raping a woman that is very important to one of the most powerful men in the city.  I’m sorry Mr. De La Cruz but bail is just not an option here.”
Felix De La Cruz, formerly, Jiovanni Hernandez, sat across from his attorney hearing: Blah, Blah, Blah. 
“Mr. Lyons, I’m paying you a great deal of money to get that bail approved.”
“No Mr. De La Cruz you’re paying me a great deal of money so that I can make sure you don’t spend the rest your natural born life behind bars.” 
 Leon Lyons was one of the top defense attorneys in the state. He lived further south but for the right amount of money he traveled. He knew of his client’s charge, read the statements made by Ms. Freeman and Mr. Porter and saw the photos that the hospital took of Ms. Freeman after her arrival. It wasn’t a chance in hell this guy wasn’t going to get jail time. 
“There’s always a way Mr. Lyons.”
Leon leaned forward, “You don’t have enough money to circumvent the ties that Christian Dubois has in this town.”  Leon Lyons was one argument away from dropping the case. To hell with the money.
Mr. Christian Reaux Dubois the only child of the late Senator Warren Edward Dubois and his lovely wife Tallulah Broussard-Dubois. The Dubois family was a political powerhouse and the Broussard’s had been one of the largest land owners in the state. Old Money. The combine wealth of the two mighty families left to a sole heir. He had more money than God. 
He lived in a house that was built when the French ruled the roost and it was rumored that Ms. Freeman was his girlfriend. The police report noted that he’d claimed to be the victim’s husband at the scene of the crime. She had since moved into the Dubois’s estate since her release from the hospital after a near two month long absence from the city. His guy inside the police force told him that Mr. Dubois and his friend Mr. Porter had taken the girl to a remote island.
Mr. Malachi Porter, no middle name, was the orphaned only child of Grant and Elizabeth Porter of Porter Steel. Also a sole heir and the only person in these parts with more money was his roommate. He didn’t work and as far as anyone could tell never had. But with that kind of money, he didn’t need to. A notorious playboy, he’d bedded most of the women worth fucking in town. That was until recently. There were rumors that he and Christian Dubois shared Ms. Freeman. 
Ms. Elaina Virginia Freeman, oldest child of Katherine Freeman, no father listed on birth certificate. High school educated, moved to town five years ago. First job in town was with De La Cruz Contracting. She worked her way up from office manager to general manager in two years. Was well respected and more than a little feared in the trade.  Leon learned from his client that Ms. Freeman had initiated a sexual relationship with her boss about a week before the alleged attack. 
Leon had played around with using this rumor of the love triangle to Mr. De La Cruz advantage and then thought better of it. He may sway a jury by placing Ms. Freeman in a negative light but it was a new day and age. Women were allowed to have multiple lovers. The old rules didn’t apply anymore. Besides, did he really want to piss off either of the men, let alone both?  And regardless of the woman’s sexual practices, what Mr. De La Cruz did to her was disturbing to say the least. The photos from the hospital were almost enough to change his mind about taking the case, but his client was willing to spend a lot of money on his defense. If not him than someone else—right?
“Mr. De La Cruz, I hear you talking. I really do. But even if what I was reading between the lines were legal, again I say to you, you don’t have the money or the history to get someone to turn on Christian Dubois.” He said the last part slow. Maybe his client would get it through his thick skull.
“Fine,” De La Cruz slumped back in his chair. “So what do we do now?”
“Wait on your trial. It’s set a month from today.” Leon stood and gathered the papers and his notebook and put them in his briefcase. 
“I’ll see you in two weeks if nothing comes up. You can call me if you need anything before then. I’ll contact you if there are in significant changes or developments in your case.” Leon didn’t bother extending his hand. He simply walked to the door and knocked. The guard on the other side opened it almost immediately. 
De La Cruz was escorted back to his cell. That damn judge may have been above taking a friendly “gift” but the warden and guards were a different story. He lay down on his bunk completely still. He didn’t close his eyes but stared at the ceiling. His wife had filed for divorce before his release from the hospital. That ungrateful bitch. He’d asked his lawyer to find out what she was doing on the outside. It was packing all her shit and getting the hell out of dodge. 
He’d then been told about what he called; the wonder twins, Christian Dubois and Malachi Porter.  The self proclaimed protectors of Ms. Freeman.  Say what you will, the bitch certainly had excellent taste in men. His opinion of her was beginning to change. The whore was a fucking gold digger. Probably after his money until she found bigger fish in Dubois and Porter. The thought made him see red and spawned the seeds of a new idea. Evidence against him guaranteed jail time. He didn’t need his lawyer to know that. But that didn’t mean that Ms Freeman shouldn’t pay for her role in what had happened. She had made the first move. Why should he suffer alone? He wanted bail to dish out a little justice of his own, but since that didn’t seem to be an option; plan b would have to do. He’d call tomorrow to make the arrangements. The thought was the only thing that made him smile. That bitch was going to pay.

“I’ll apologize for some of the things I’ll be asking you Ms. Freeman but they will come out at trial and I don’t want you to be taken by surprise.”
Christian and Malachi both shifted in their seats. We all knew what was coming next. The lawyer sitting across from us, Sam Watkins, was about to cover my sex life.
“Of course Mr. Watkins and there’s no need for you to apologize.” I said taking Christian hand. He’d been furious when he couldn’t get me out of testifying at Mr. De La Cruz trial.
The stately older gentleman cleared his throat and read notes from a legal pad sitting in front of him. I think he was avoiding eye contact.Avoiding looking at me or seeing the reactions of the two men that sat on either side of me when he asked the questions.
“Mr. De La Cruz says you initiated the sexual relationship prior to the incident.”
“That’s correct.”
My answer got a small look of surprise. I could guess at the next question.
“You were aware that Mr. De La Cruz was married?”
“I was.”
“How many times did you and Mr. De La Cruz have sex before the incident?”
“We had sex twenty-four times.”
That answer got me a stare. The lawyer was too shocked to look away. “You had sex twenty four times in a two week period?”
“That’s correct,” I said refusing to lower my eyes from the grandfatherly old man. He cleared his throat and looked back at his legal pad.
“Can you tell me what happened on the day of the incident?”
Christian hand tightened and Malachi’s hand to my thigh under the table. “All day or just the incident itself,” I asked. 
“All day if you will Ms. Freeman.”
“I arrived at eight AM. I’d decided to quit my job and spent the day getting things together for the young woman I assumed would take my place. It wasn’t until noon that I discovered Mr. De La Cruz was dismissing the staff throughout the day. I learned this from Jamie Lannister who worked in the front office. Mr. De La Cruz came to my office. I gave him my letter of resignation. He read the letter, became enraged and hit me, knocking me unconscious. I’m not sure how long I was out but when I regained consciousness I was tied to a table in the warehouse naked.”
Christian was shaking next to me and Malachi was about to start a fire on my leg if he rubbed it any faster under the table. I felt so bad for both of them. I’d offered to go alone but when I suggested it they both refused to let me. 
“I don’t remember all that Mr. De La Cruz said, but he told me that he had planned on asking me to marry him while we were on a business trip in Vegas but his wife showed up unexpectedly. He was angry about my relationship with Christian who’d picked me up from the airport the day we returned from the trip. He was standing at the end of the table at my feet. While he spoke he started to touch me. Running his hands the length of my body. He became angry when I asked him not to do it.” 
“Do what?” the lawyer interrupted.
“Whatever it was he’d planned. He slapped me. He used his fingers to penetrate me both vaginally and anally before raping me. He bit me several times on my neck and breasts. He became angrier as he raped me and started punching and slapping me. At some point I lost consciousness again and woke up the next day in the hospital.”
I didn’t turn my head. I didn’t want to see the regret and guilt in Malachi’s eyes or the fury in Christian’s. Mr. Watkins’s was no better; the old man’s eyes were filled with tears he was fighting. I looked down at Christian and my joined hands until I heard Mr. Watkins clear his throat and shift in his seat. He was looking at the legal pad again.
“Are you in a sexual relationship with Mr. Dubois?”
“I am in a relationship with Mr. Dubois,” I corrected him.
“When did you start having sex with Mr. Dubois?”
“How is that relevant?” Christian was furious. I didn’t have to see his face. I could hear it in his voice. 
“Opposing counsel will ask.”
“Then object,” Malachi yelled. I flinched at the sound. 
“I will, but I can’t guarantee she will not be forced to answer the question.”
“Two weeks before the trip to Vegas,” I answered quickly to cut off any other outburst from either man.
“So you were having sex with Mr. De La Cruz and Mr. Dubois at the same time?”
“Yes.”
“Did you have sex with anyone else during this time?”
“Yes.”
“Are you in a sexual relationship with Mr. Porter?”
“Oh for fucking sakes,” Malachi huffed. He’d stopped rubbing my leg and was running his hands over his head. “Is this really necessary?”
“Mr. Porter you were the one with Ms. Freeman when the police arrived. Every police on the scene commented on how devastated you were when they found you.”
“Anyone would have been distraught if they’d seen what that sick bastard was doing to her,” Malachi yelled.
Mr. Watkins put down the legal pad and looked at the three of us before speaking in his father knows best voice. “I’m not certain this question will come up and if it does I will object. Again Ms. Freeman needs to be prepared to answer the question. There has been speculation that the three of you are in a group sexual relationship.”
“It’s fine Mr. Watkins.”  I looked at Malachi. “Malachi it’ll be okay,” I said and took his hand. 
Fuck it. Mr. Watkins, like a lot of other people were about to know too much of our personal life if these questions are asked and answered.
“Like hell it is Elaina,” he said, but at least he wasn’t yelling.
“Mr. Watkins,” Christian spoke up. “Before you continue with this line of questioning I’d like for you to find out if the question will be asked. Mr. Lyons is a man of honor and if he tells you he has no intention on asking it I will believe him. Elaina will not answer any further questions in regards to the relationship she has with Malachi until we know it is absolutely necessary. Malachi is my best friend, I trust him with my life and he trust me with his.  I love Elaina. It’s understandable that Malachi would be distraught when he found Elaina in such a situation. I would have been if the tables were turned and it was I who found Malachi’s love so savagely hurt.”  
You could hear a pin drop. 
“Of course Mr. Dubois,” Mr. Watkins said before looking at his pad for the next question. “Ms. Freeman when was the first time you had sexual relations.” 
I was holding both Malachi and Christian’s hands and both tightened their grip. “I’m certain the previous questions has given you enough of an insight to what I’m sure you consider my sexual promiscuity. I don’t intend on answering anymore.”

“Son of a bitch!” It was the last of a long string of curses yelled from Malachi. I sat between my sun and moon. Christian hadn’t said a word since we’d left the lawyer’s office. He held my left hand; Malachi my right, and was talking enough for everyone. I gave Sam props for sitting so indifferent and stoic in the front. 
“Christian you have to do something.”
“I’ll do all that I can Malachi. You know I will.”
“That son of a bitch,” Malachi said again. 
Sam let us out at the front walk before parking the car, with Christian taking the lead. Claire met us at the door like she’d been looking out the window. 
“Claire, you look absolutely stunning today. I love your hair. You should wear it that way more often,” Malachi said to our housekeeper as he hugged her. He was such a flirt. I couldn’t see anything different about the ponytail that Clair sported today. It was yet another thing to love about him. 
“You’re impossible Mr. Porter,” the woman said clearly blushing at the attention she always got from Malachi. I wondered if she would ever get use to it. “Dinner will be ready in one hour.”
“Thank you Claire,” Christian said from the running board going through the stack of mail.
We went upstairs and changed. Malachi and Christian in their shared closet and me across the hall, we talked while we changed.
“I don’t want our private lives to hurt your reputations,” I said. It had been on my mind for a while. I knew that our living arrangement would be asked about. None of us hid our affection for each other when we were in public. We didn’t make out, but anyone with eyes could see we were all extremely close.
“Don’t worry about it Elaina,” Christian said.
“Don’t tell me not to worry about it,” I said stepping into their closet. I had taken off my clothes and bra. I was holding the dress I was going to put on. 
“Lord girl, put on some clothes before I take you on the floor of this closet,” Malachi said. He was laughing but something in his eyes said he was serious. I quickly put on the dress; I didn’t want him to distract me with sex.
“Seriously Malachi,” I said crossing my arms, “The repercussions of our relationship if it becomes public are bound to hurt the two of you.” 
“Malachi hadn’t worried about his reputation since he was five. He’s been on the board of directors of his company since he was twenty five. Since then he’s been photographed in situations that makes what we’re doing seem tamed,” Christian said.
“True.” Malachi said pulling a t-shirt over his head.
“And you?”
Christian came to me, held my face in his hands. “I love you. Malachi loves you. That’s all that matters. We’ll face this like we will everything else. Together.”
We ate in the kitchen. Afterwards Malachi and I watched a movie in Christian’s office while he worked. We started our new jobs tomorrow. Christian had not fired or even demoted his assistance instead, I was Malachi’s assistant. There was some rearranging to the offices in the building and Malachi’s office was across the hall from Christian’s and I sat next to Susan, Christian’s assistant, who hated me. 

“Ms. Freeman I need you please.”
Oh what those words did to me. We were two weeks into our new jobs and Malachi saying he needed me was code for secret office sex. Even though I suspect Christian’s assistant knew what we were doing in there.
“I’ll be right there.”
I smoothed down the skirt of the dress. It was a fifties style, blood red, wrap dress that matched my ring. I wore laced topped nude thigh-highs with a seam running up the back and four inch stiletto heels. My hair was up in a French roll and I wore a double strand of pearls with a diamond clasp. The pearls had belonged to Christian’s mother. 
I closed the door after entering the office. Malachi was sitting at his desk. He appeared to really be working, typing at his computer. 
“Can you pick that pencil up please?” He asked without looking at me. 
 I walked to the desk, turned my back to him, and bent over to pick up the pencil. I felt his hand up my shirt. 
“Oh God, thigh highs Elaina—really?”
I smiled because I knew thigh highs were some sort of weakness for Malachi. He absolutely loved them. He put both his hands on my waist and rolled his chair back. He positioned me in front of him before pushing my skirt up. 
“Elaina, you’re not wearing panties,” he moaned.  “Spread them beautiful girl,” he said in a rough voice. I was getting wet from the sound of it, the need and excitement in it. “You have a beautiful pussy Elaina.” He grabbed my thighs near my ass. 
 I moaned as his tongue touched my clit. Holding back screams of pleasure by sheer force of will. He waited for my body to settle from my orgasm before he stood up. I could hear him unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants. I was panting in anticipation. A second later he was pushing inside me. Only the head at first and slowly he entered me deeper and deeper with each push of his hip. He teased my ass with a finger. It was driving me insane. When I felt his finger over the tight entrance of my ass I pushed back. His dick and his finger entered me fully. Malachi’s hiss of pleasure destroyed my self control.
The problem with secret office sex is the quiet that has to be maintained. He didn’t withdraw much to keep the sounds of our sex as quiet as possible. As soon as he moved his hips to withdraw he’d push back inside of me. His movements were still hard and even with him holding my hips, and me bracing myself on his desk, my body rocked back and forth. He tightened his grip on my hips as he came. I laid my head down on his desk when he pulled out of me. He pulled a tissue from the box on his desk to clean me and pulled my skirt down after kissing both my ass cheeks. 
I stood up as he fixed his pants and he pulled me down into his lap. “I love fucking work,” He said before kissing me.
“You mean you love fucking at work,” I said. 
“That too.”  He rolled his chair around so we could face his computer. “I really did need you. I need to go to New York next week. I’m thinking next Wednesday. Will you check my schedule and make sure I don’t have anything schedule and then book me a flight.”
“You don’t have anything important on Wednesday. Morning or evening flight?” I asked while pulling up his calendar and entering the trip on it. 
“Morning.” Malachi was kissing my neck. His hand was inside the top of my dress and he was rubbing my left nipple.
“How many days will you be staying?”
“Three days. Come with?” He whispered, his lips already on my ear. 
“Of course. Will that be all Mr. Porter,” I asked as I added the information and sent it all to Christian.
“Yes Ms. Freeman.” Malachi pushed away from the desk and I stood up. 
“Christian asked that you come to his office when we were done.” Malachi sly smile told me all I needed to know.  

*****

I put my head between my knees and took deep breaths. I’d been sitting in the bathroom for the last ten minutes trying to get a grip on my emotions. First there was the shock, which stole all the strength out of my legs and caused me to fall down on the small stool at my vanity. Then fear stole my breath and I was probably a second away from passing out before the last and current emotion; panic.It made me dizzy and hyperventilate. 
“Elaina, pack an evening gown and push our flight back to Saturday.” Malachi stopped what he was staying at the entrance of the bathroom. “Elaina, are you okay baby?”
I held my arm up without raising my head, terror taking the place of the panic. Malachi took what I offered and was quiet for an eternity before he yelled for Christian. I heard him slide to the ground next me and Christian running up the stairs. I felt like every footstep lead to impending doom. 
“What is it?” I heard him say because I have yet to raise my head. 
The quiet is maddening. I waited for someone to say something. Anything.  Finally I look up. Yeap. Malachi on the ground looking like someone had kicked him the nuts and Christian standing beside him with the same look. He held the small stick with the two pink lines. 
“What are we going to do?” I spoke up since it didn’t seem that either of them was going to say anything.
“What do you want do?” Malachi asked.
I didn’t answer his question I looked at Christian. “Christian?”  
“Yes Elaina.” 
“Well?”
“Well what?” 
I looked at both of them before saying anything. “What are we going to do?” I asked again. 
 Christian was our designated alpha in the relationship. I’d expected him to take the lead once he started talking. Obviously this situation proved too much for even him. He looked at the pregnancy test again and came to me. He squatted next to me. “Elaina, Malachi was right to ask what you wanted to do.”  
“No, this is about us. Not just me. So I repeat, what are we going to do?”
Christian looked at Malachi. We hadn’t talked about kids. What the hell? 
“I love you Elaina. I’d love any child we’d have but I would also respect and understand any decision you make at this point in our relationship. We hadn’t discussed children and I can see this is just as shocking to you as it is to us.” He brushed a loose strand of hair behind my ear. 
“Malachi?” I asked looking pass Christian for help.
“I...I...” he cleared his throat. “Same as Christian,” he finally said in a low voice. 
“I don’t know what to do.” Those are all the words I could get out before I started to cry. Christian picked me up from my chair and took me to our bed. He and Malachi lay down with me while I came unglued. I fought to get control of my emotions. It was too big of a decision to make at the moment and I was filled with too many emotions and questions. How could I be pregnant? I was on birth control. How the hell could we explain to a child our relationship? Who was the biological father? What did the baby call the other man? But most of all I wanted the baby. I knew it as soon as I’d suspected.
“Elaina, I guess we can start with whether or not you want the baby sweetheart.” Malachi asked. 
“I do.” I whispered so low I doubted if they could hear me.
“Then its settled beautiful girl.” Malachi said kissing my neck. I turned towards Christian with my head in his chest as I cried. 
“It’s going to be okay Elaina. This is a good thing baby,” Christian said. 
“It’s an accident Christian,” I said. 
“No baby, not an accident. A beautiful surprise,” he said rubbing my hair. “We’re blessed.”

I can’t stop looking at my new bracelet, an add-a-diamond bracelet in gold. It has two stones so far, a ruby and a diamond. They told me when we found out the sex of the baby we could get the third stone added, a sapphire for a boy or pink diamond for a girl. I have a doctor’s appointment next week.
“Elaina are you sure you don’t want to come,” Malachi asked for the fifteenth time since I woke up. 
We arrived in New York yesterday and he had a meeting with city planners about supplying the steel beams for a new building. Yesterday’s meeting was boring enough. I was still learning the ropes in the world of steel. Eventually I’d attend meetings but right then I was too preoccupied to really learn anything. 
“No, I’ll just wait for you here.” I yelled. “I need to call and have phone sex with Christian,” I teased him. 
Malachi came from the bathroom wearing a navy suit and red tie. He looked very distinguished. “Can you set that up on conference call?” He leaned down and I kissed him. 
“Sure, you can even put it on speaker,” I laughed.
“Well order lots of rooms service and I’ll see you later this afternoon.” 
I called Christian but there was no phone sex. Mr. Watkins had called to tell him that Mr. De La Cruz lawyer was not planning on asking about my relationship with Malachi. He was confident that the other attorney was good for his word. He asked me how I felt and I told him the same. I had morning sickness and my sense of smell was doing something funky but other than that I felt fine. He told me again how much he missed me and he’d slept on the couch because he was too lonely when he slept in our bed alone. He asked about our trip and told me to have Malachi take me somewhere fun. As if Malachi needed that reminder. 

My red gown was almost the same color as my jewels. The rubies that I wore were part of a suite that came with Christian mother’s ring.  The gown was red strapless empire waist chiffon with a thigh high split.  My hair was in a low chignon and I’d applied smoky eye make-up with nude lipstick. I looked good.  
“You look ravishing.”
“Thank you,” I said turning to my date. Malachi didn’t look too shabby in his tuxedo. 
 It didn’t take long to get to the museum the ball was being held at. Malachi handed the doorman our invitation when we were at the top of the stairs. It was my first social event with either man. The sight was overwhelming for a small town, country girl when we crossed the threshold. All of the women were beautifully dressed and their dates were equally impressive, although none looked quite as good as Malachi. 
 I was surprised how many people knew Malachi. Everyone spoke fondly of his parents, who were good people who loved their only son. The older party goers shared stories of his parents. Stories his parents had shared with them about their rambunctious, mischievous, spoiled but adored son. All seemed pleased that he had finally taken an active interest in the company his father had worked so hard to make. The grey haired men seemed proud of him and I fell in love with him every time he humbly accepted their praise.  It was almost dinner time when I saw Christian walking through the front door. He spotted me almost immediately. 
If Malachi looked good, Christian looked damn good. There were more than a few women looking at him as he smiled and crossed the crowded room. He was gorgeous. He was in his element. Everything about him said it. How his tuxedo laid on his body, the confident gait as he crossed the room; from his perfect, not a hair out of place head, to his shinny black shoes. The man was the shit.
I stepped away from Malachi who looked down at me briefly before following my gaze. He smiled and then turned back to the conversation he was having with an older couple. I walked away from him to meet Christian halfway. A girl could die happy and know true love by the look in my lover’s face as he approached me.  
“Those look good on you,” he said touching the ruby necklace. He ran his finger along my collarbone before he dropped his hand to his side. It sent shivers down my spine. 
“Thank you for letting me wear them.” 
“Of course, there yours now.” He said smiling at me. “They all are. Everything I have is yours.” 
Will I ever get tired of hearing him say things like that?
 “How are you?” he asked touching my stomach quickly. 
“I’m fine. I feel great now that you’re here.”
“Come on, let’s join Malachi.” We walked back to the group that now included a younger woman. 
“Christian! What a surprise to see you here.”
The woman was super model beautiful. She had waist length blond hair and her silver gown was regal. She had on a large diamond necklace and matching earrings. 
“You’ve married?” She asked spotting the band on his left hand.
“Cecilia, how are you?”  Christian leaned over and kissed the woman on both cheeks, not answering her question about being married. “You look exquisite as always.”
“Well time has been kind to me darling.”
Okay, why did this bitch work my nerves? I touched my ring on my left hand with my thumb as Christian spoke to Cecilia and I stood next to Malachi. I was his date. 
For dinner I was seated next to Malachi and Christian next to, you guessed it, Cecilia. And that bitch was all over him. She leaned into him as she spoke.  She kept putting her hand on him; his arm or grabbing his forearm or laying her hand on his shoulder. 
“Are you okay Elaina?”
 I turned to Malachi and smiled. “Yes of course.” I turned my body back towards Malachi and took his hand under the table. I didn’t miss him looking down the table and seeing Christian seated next to and talking to Cecilia. 
“It’s a surprise to see Christian Dubois here,” an older lady in a lavender gown said.
“They’re still a lovely couple,” they man sitting next to her said.
“They’re not a couple,” Malachi said quickly. He rubbed my leg under the table. Discreet be damned. I was so jealous I was halfway out of my seat, ready to go mark my man and drag him out of the perfectly manicured clutches of that witch who was trying to stake her claim.
“You know I was certain they would marry,” the woman went on. 
I nearly swallowed my tongue at the words. Cecilia was an old girlfriend. And one that people thought he’d marry. Great. Home training kept me seated. I would not embarrass Christian or Malachi in public. My fears were unfounded. I knew he loved me. Hell, had I not just seen it, not forty five minutes ago, in his face? I took a deep breath to clear my head.
“He has a wedding ring on but I don’t remember hearing anything about a wedding,” the same old man said. 
“Is this your first visit to New York?” The man asked me. 
“Yes it is. It’s magical.” I said. I was forcing my head not to turn in Christian’s direction. “Malachi is an excellent tour guide.”
“Your jewels are beautiful,” the woman next to me said. She looked at me suspiciously. She turned her gaze to Christian. “They look a lot like Tallulah’s set. Christian’s late mother,” the woman said, fishing for confirmation of what she suspected. “All the women were always so envious of the jewels her husband spoiled her with,” she said, “Me included.” 
I smiled. “Thank you,” I said as she turned back to me.
“Do you know Christian?” She asked.
“Yes ma’am, I do,” I answered. 
“Your wedding ring looks a lot like Tallulah’s also. Hers didn’t have the diamonds.” She’d taken my hand to get a better look at the ring. “I guess we have someone else to be envious of now.”
I gently removed my hand from hers. “Will you excuse me please.” 
I turned to Malachi. I needed to get away from the table. I told him I was going to the bathroom. He looked concerned and asked if I was okay. I told him I was. As I walked past Christian I offered him a smile to let him know I was fine. That bitch was too busy looking at Christian to even see me. 
I was grateful the bathroom was empty. It had to be one of the nicest public restrooms I’d ever been in. The floors were cream marble. Each stall had full frosted glass, front doors and there was a sitting area with plush sofas and arm chairs.  I walked over to the sink area and wet a towel and pressed it to my neck.  I was reapplying my lipstick when the door opened.
She had that look. You know the one. She had been raised with money and she thought her shit didn’t stink. Smug, uppity bitch. I couldn’t imagine Christian being with her.
“I asked to wear them once but Christian refused,” she said about the jewels I wore. “You’re here with Malachi Porter.” She asked or accused I wasn’t sure of which one. 
“Yes.” I put my lipstick in my purse and snapped it close. When I reached Cecilia she didn’t move to let me pass. I breathed out heavily looking her in the eye. 
“Do Malachi and Christian still live together?”  If looks could talk her stare was calling me a slut; one of the gold-digging varieties.
 I had to remember that my momma had raised me right before I spoke again. “Yes.” I said still holding her gaze. “Are you going to let me by?” I asked when she didn’t move.
“Of course” she stepped aside. I could feel her eyes on my back as I opened the door to rejoin the party. 
Everyone was back in the main room when I came out. I found Christian first. “Your mother’s jewelry seems to be the hot topic tonight,” I said as he took my elbow.
“My mother was known for her collection,” he said smiling down at me. 
“Weren’t you worried about people recognizing them?” 
“Why would I?” he asked. He looked perplexed by my question. 
“I had one older woman who knew your mother ask about them and Cecilia just told me you refused to let her wear them. I’m wearing your mother’s jewelry but I’m here as Malachi’s date. I imagine the three of us are a confusing trio.”
Even jealous of the non-issue of Cecilia, I still worried about Christian and Malachi and how they looked to these people. This was their world. I was new to it and had no intentions of rocking the boat. 
“You’re worried about our life style getting out.”
“Aren’t you?” I looked at him shocked. 
Christian and Malachi weren’t movie stars or famous musicians. They came from old families, from a place where people still did business on a damn handshake. They’re reputations meant a lot.  Sure it was a new day and they were young but there were still enough of the old generation who might not approve of such behavior. 
“No. It was just a matter of time before it came out,” Christian said.  “I love you. Malachi loves you and you love us. Malachi is working now and there are events and parties and balls you’ll be attending. Sometimes you’ll go with me, sometimes you’ll be with Malachi and sometimes it’ll be like tonight and we are all together. You’re going to be the mother of our children.” He stopped me by gently grabbing my elbow.
 “We were trying to hide the inevitable. I was sitting at home. Without you and without Malachi and I missed you. My life is incomplete without you and him. We’ve made our decision to be together, there’s no reason to hide it. All night I’ve wanted to touch you. I wanted to lay my hand on the small of your back or to move this piece of hair behind your ear,” he said moving the guilty wild strand. He ran his finger from behind my ear under my chin. “I’ve wanted to kiss you.”  He leaned down and kissed my lips. A light brush of the lips and then he kissed the corner of my mouth. “I’ll not deny myself ever again.”
“That’s my date your hitting own.” Malachi was standing next to us. The sly smile he’d had all night was still on his lips. 
“Our date Malachi,” Christian said. He put his hand on the small of my back and I put my hand in the crook of Malachi’s arm. 
“I take it we’re no longer hiding,” Malachi said.
“Nope we’re coming out of the closet,” Christian announced.

*****

“You’re about ten weeks.” The doctor said. 
We’d been back from New York a couple of days. Malachi and Christian had taken me to Tiffany’s before we left. They wanted to buy me something special, as if I needed anything else. I would have happily lived in a cardboard box under the overpass as long as we were together. Malachi bought me a pair of diamond studs that I wore today and Christian an “everyday” diamond necklace. The teardrop diamond hung from a thin gold chain around my neck today as well. 
 Christian and Malachi were by my side. There was no debate. Each stood next to me, both looking like proud fathers to be. I had to hand it to the doctor she didn’t give us a second look when both men joined me in the exam room. 
“Which one of you is the proud papa?” She asked. She was bending down grabbing a print out of the screen so she missed our shared look. 
“We’ll need a paternity test after the birth,” Christian said.
The doctor looked between the two obviously very involved and excited men. There was a look of confusion for a second before she put on her business face. “Of course,” she said and printed out another copy. “One for each of you then.”
“Sweet,” Malachi said taking the ultrasound picture.
We went to lunch before going back to the office.  Christian put me in charge of his social calendar. With Malachi working both men received a lot of invites to events. And Lord have mercy, the wedding invites and the parties leading up to the big day.  It was amazing the number of invitations the two of them received throughout the month. 
“Susan, can you double check Christian’s schedule for the week of the fourteenth. I also need the first week of next month.”
Susan and I had a love hate relationship, she loved to hate me. I don’t think she liked that I came in and took over the office. I understood, but it wasn’t my problem. 
I shut down my computer and grabbed my purse and I went to Malachi’s office first. “You ready to go?” 
“Yeah, let me pack up my desk. 
“Okay,” I said and took the few steps to Christian’s door. He was on the phone and waved me in. 
“Thank you so much Mr. Watkins,” he said and held his hand out to me. I walked around the desk and he pulled me in his lap. “There’s nothing to apologize for, it’s not your fault. Thank you for calling me so quickly.” Malachi joined us and sat down.“You have a good evening too.” He hung up the phone.
“De La Cruz fired his lawyer.” Christian filled us in.
“Oookay,” Malachi said.
“Their moving the trial.”
“Fuck.” 
“He posted bail this evening.”
“What the fuck!” Malachi was up in a flash. 
Christian was rubbing my back with one hand his other was rubbing my thigh. It was the only reason I was able to hold the fear at bay.
“Son of a bitch Christian.” Malachi was pacing the room.
“Calm down Malachi. Call your guy and find De La Cruz and have someone watch him,” Christian said. “Everything will be okay. I don’t expect any trouble out of De La Cruz, but I’d rather be safe than sorry. If we have eyes on him we should be fine. Elaina is always with us so there’s no threat there.” Christian said and he actually smiled at me.”Everything is going to be alright.”
I nodded. What else could I do?

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

De La Cruz had big plans. As he’d lain in his bunk he had nothing but time and as far as he was concerned it was time well used. He doubted if something so perfect could have been thought of under any other circumstances. Therefore his time behind bars was not a total loss. His shop had been closed and his wife had left him, but really in the scheme of things, those were small compared to the great things he was destined for. 
He’d replaced the overpriced Leon Lyons with someone that was more in De La Cruz’s class, or Jiovanni’s class, and the man that emerged in the sun-filled Thursday afternoon was way more Jiovanni Hernandez than Felix De La Cruz. He smiled as he followed behind his new attorney that had so generously offered him a ride home. If the man had turned at that moment to catch the smile he may have changed his mind on representation or maybe try to plead criminal insanity. De La Cruz was lucky the man seemed to never shut his trap, even if it did make him want to snap the man’s fat sweaty neck.
De La Cruz sat next to his attorney and nodded accordingly in the appropriate places, a skill he had his wife to thank for. De La Cruz threw a hand up as he walked up his drive without so much as a “thanks for the lift.” He had shit to take care of.
His wife had taken all her clothes and the jewels. He could care less about the clothes or the gems she’d brought with her when they’d first married. He was upset about the gems he’d purchased over the years. He didn’t worry about that right now. One thing at a time. He’d take care of the whore Ms. Freeman, and then he’d deal with the ex-Mrs. De La Cruz, soon to be the late ex-Mrs. De La Cruz.
De La Cruz went to his closet and pressed on a section of wall in the lower corner next to the built in shoe cubby. The secret compartment opened and he took out a handgun. Brand new, serial number filed off, it was one of six. The compartment also held identification and cash. He’d never expected to use the contents of the compartment but he was a Boy Scout at heart. He slipped the gun in his waistband in the small of his back before going back to the bedroom. In the false bottom of the end table was an address book. He took it out and started making the calls. He’d figured he’d need at least two. He just hoped he could fine two old heads. There was the possibility all the men he’d worked with being dead, in jail or like him, no longer in the game.  Even though at this moment he found himself missing the life he’d run from. It had been dangerous but... exciting, for lack of a better word. 
As it turned out he found a retired friend, but like De La Cruz, had a little bit of the old monster inside of him that was ready to be released. The other was the son of the man he’d called that was in the family business. De La Cruz offered his condolences before he offered the boy a job. If he was half as good as his old man he’d be an asset. Both men would arrive in two days. De La Cruz called a cab to go to his shop. He waited downstairs excited as the beginnings of his plan took shape.
De La Cruz paid the driver and stepped out of cab at the darken doorstep of his business. There was a piece of plywood covering the broken glass of the front door. Glass crunched under his feet as he approached the door with keys already drawn.  Pulling the police tape aside he opened the door and stepped in the front office. 
He walked to the warehouse and opened the side roll-up door. Walking through the fenced in yard, he unlocked the side gate and went into the parking lot. He was surprised that the truck had not been vandalized, but it sat just as he’d left it. He pulled the truck into the side yard and closed the fence behind him before parking the truck in the warehouse.
Flipping the lights on in his office he went to the middle bookshelf on the side wall. It took him thirty minutes before he was able to open the door. The three by three foot hidden panel opened easily. He shut down the server and video equipment and disconnected the towers. He put the equipment in the back of his truck and put everything back in place in his office. The police had taken his laptop and that was fine. They’d never get in it. He didn’t need the video of what he’d done making its way into his trial. 
Next he went to the warehouse. The move from the old location had been delayed because it had taken longer than he’d thought to create the hidden gun closet. The automatic lights came on as he walked through the warehouse and he stopped in front of a small cage that housed assorted hand tools. It took him thirty minutes to move the tools from the shelves and pull the metal and wood racking away from the hidden entrance of the closet. The walk-in closet held an arsenal of weapons. He loaded each of them in the back of his truck and then set everything back in its proper place.
He walked to the back of the warehouse. There stood the table that Ms. Freeman had been strapped to. There was blood on the top that was hers, and more on the ground next to it that was his. That son of a bitch Malachi Porter had nearly crushed his skull with that piece of wood. His time was coming and pay back was a bitch. He walked around the table, his hands sliding across the surface of the table. He walked the alternate route back to the office and entered the office area through Ms. Freeman’s office. Her laptop was gone as well and all the personal knick knacks that had littered the top of her desk. He regretted that. I wanted a keepsake. He exited the office through the second door and then down the hall back to his truck in the warehouse.  He locked everything back up and drove off to the house his crew would occupy during their stay. 
The shelter was little more than a shack but did have electricity and indoor plumbing. In a lot of ways it reminded him of his childhood home. He’d bought the land about fifteen years ago. The secluded area was just what he needed. Backing his truck to the front door, he unloaded the haul from his shop. He hid the server and video equipment in a compartment in the floor and then walked out the back door to the even smaller structure. The heavy metal door opened smooth and silent. The concrete walls were thick enough to ensure the interior of the twelve by twelve single room was sound proof.  He flipped the switch on the wall and the single naked bulb provided the only light in the room. The wood table in the center of the floor directly under the bulb had a drain under it. There was a single water source on the far wall with a hose on a reel next to it. The steel cabinets were locked but within them held everything he needed to make people submit. There was no sign of what took place there. Another place, another table and much better tools. He’d have all the time he needed with the young Ms. Freeman. He was hard just imagining all the things he was going to do to her.


“The judge has issued the new attorney three months to go over all documentation and evidence in the case.”
“Have you spoken to the new lawyer yet?” Christian asked.
De La Cruz had been released yesterday and Mr. Watkins had kindly agreed to meet with us. De La Cruz new attorney Francis Williamsburg would no doubt ask every possible question that would call attention to our lifestyle. 
“No but I have a call in to schedule a meeting,” Mr. Watkins said.
“Have you spoken to the police about protection for Elaina?” Malachi asked.
“I did and the answer was no. Not unless he does something that constitute a threat while he’s out on bail.”
Malachi was not happy with the answer but I gave him kudos for only muttering his dislike. 
“When would you like Elaina back to go over her testimony?” Christian asked from my left. 
“We have three months I’ll schedule something in the next three weeks or so.” Mr. Watkins said. He kept giving quick glances at our joined hands and then Malachi’s hand that rested on my thigh. Every once in a while he would rub it gently.
“Mr. Watkins when we last met you mentioned there were rumors of Elaina and Malachi being in a sexual relationship. I would like to address that rumor now.”
“Okay.” The older gentleman leaned back in his chair giving us his best “hit me” expression. 
“Malachi, Elaina and I are in a committed relationship with each other. We of course cannot be legally married but would if it was an option. We legalized our relationship in all ways to bind us as such.”
“I see.” There was no judgment in the man’s eyes, which was a pleasant surprise. I hope he wasn’t faking it. 
“We are also no longer hiding the fact from anyone,” Christian added.
Mr. Watkins leaned forward and put his elbows on his desk. “You young people never cease to amaze me, in good ways and bad. It was obvious during the first meeting that you both felt very strongly for Ms. Freeman, and she for the two of you. Send me copies of the legal documents. I expect this will be brought up during trial.”
“I’ll send them over,” I said. 
“Allow me to be the first to congratulate the three of you in your union,” Mr. Watkins stood up and extended his hand. 
We all rose. Christian shook Mr. Watkins hand. “Thank you.” Malachi was second. “Thanks.”
“Well Ms. Freeman, I expect you’ll have quite a few enemies. These two have been in the sights of every single woman within three hundred miles,” he said with a laugh. “Congratulations.”
“Thank you sir.”
We walked to our car in silence. I was a little nervous about Mr. De La Cruz being out but I was always with Christian and/or Malachi. I knew both men were just as upset as I was. Malachi opened my door as Christian went around and got in on the other side. I could feel the storm brewing inside Malachi. 
“I’d like to change my last name,” I blurted out. Christian and Malachi looked at me surprised. “I was thinking Porter-Dubois.”
I looked at Christian and then turned in my seat to look at Malachi in back. He was smiling. “Elaina Porter-Dubois,” he said trying it out, “Sounds classy.”
“It sounds perfect,” Christian said before leaning over and giving me a kiss. I crawled over the seat and into Malachi’s lap. I was worried about him. He was a time bomb waiting to explode. He kissed me passionately and I slapped his hand away from creeping underneath my skirt before sitting in my own seat in the back. 
When we pulled into the drive there was a black SUV parked on the curb. The window tint was so dark there was no way of knowing who or how many people were in the car. The driver and passenger side doors opened as we got out our own car. The two men were fierce looking and I was certain these were the ones Christian asked Malachi to call. I felt safer just looking at them. 
“John...Wesley, good to see you. Thank you for coming so quick,” Malachi said as he went to meet the men.
“No problem Malachi, unemployment’s up so you know any job is a good job.” The taller of the two said. The man had to be six five if he was an inch. He wore an expensive suit and nice shoes. There were tattoos on his hands and neck and I assumed they covered his arms and other unseen areas. 
 “Good seeing you again Christian.” The other man said. He was shorter with a heavier build, but no one would mistake the hidden bulk beneath his clothes as anything but muscle. He wore a pair of black jeans and a pressed button down shirt. The boots on his feet were black square toe and well worn but cared for. 
“You too Wesley,” Christian said while shaking the man’s hand. 
We all went in the house and Christian escorted all to the den. After drinks were made, we settled in on the back patio. 
“I had an interesting discovery back in Felix De La Cruz’s old town in Texas,” John said. “The first Mrs. De La Cruz family still lives in town. When I showed them a picture of your guy they all agreed he was not the Felix De La Cruz they knew,” he finished.
“So who the hell is he?” Malachi asked.
“No idea, but I’m starting to think that the second fire that night may have been connected. I have someone working on finding anyone who might recognize the man in the picture,” John said. “I don’t have a good feeling about this. Felix De La Cruz shows up twenty five years ago, last know occupation was on a farm in Texas, but he had enough money to purchase a home, a truck, flatbed and tools to start a landscaping and construction business? I don’t think so.” 
“What are your thoughts?” Christian asked
“I think someone killed the real Felix De La Cruz and stole his identity, possibly one of the drug dealers bunking at the location of the second house fire. He stole the money in the house and came out here to start fresh.” John answered. “I know you wanted me to keep an eye on De La Cruz and I brought Wesley to watch over your house,” he added.
“You feel that we’re in danger,” I asked. 
“Better safe than sorry,” Wesley said. He was fierce looking but spoke in a soft reassuring tone.
Malachi stood up to make another drink. “Wesley you can stay in the bedroom next to the master suite. John, we’re setting you up in a rental close to the De La Cruz home.” 
“Wesley your primary concern will be Elaina’s safety over all others. That includes Malachi and me. She’s always with one or the other, but where she goes you go,” Christian said.
“Understood.” Wesley said.
“She’s pregnant,” Christian added. The two men looked shocked and then smiled.
“Congratulations,” John said to Christian.
“The baby might be Malachi’s, but thank you,” Christian said.
The two men looked at the three of us, the look on their faces were comical. Christian’s words left them dumbfounded.
“We’re all together.” Malachi said.
“I see,” John said.
“Explains the wedding ring and bands,” Wesley said. “Congratulations to all of you. Christian and Malachi I’ll keep your girl covered.”
“John you can take the bedroom next to Wesley’s and start shadowing De La Cruz tomorrow. I’ll give you the address to the house we’ve procured for you.” Malachi said. He walked around the bar and stood behind my chair.
“You should know De La Cruz went to this warehouse and loaded it with some computers from the office and guns he had in the warehouse,” John said, “Then went to a remote property on the outskirts of town.”
“The property had a single lane private drive so we were unable to follow him, but John and I planned on hiking in tomorrow to see what was going on. I guess John will be on it tomorrow alone,” Wesley said.
The meeting was more the planning of a military strike. It was a new side of the men that loved me and if I felt protected before, I felt it on a Fort Knox level afterwards. By the time the meeting was over and we were headed to the kitchen to eat dinner I took the first true full breath since Mr. De La Cruz had been released. There was no way he’d be able to hurt me.

*****

John Chambers on occasion had told people an assortment of job titles and descriptions when he needed. Most people who met him thought he was military—that was part true.  Others guessed he was Special Forces; again, that was kind of correct. There were times people guessed he worked for the government, but the real question should have been - which one. Mercenary, assassin, hitman, killer. However—whatever, you called it, the end result was, John Chambers was death. He wasn’t employed; he was hired, and when his particular skill was needed...well, let’s just say, it meant the shit had it the fan. 
His life story was extraordinary and one that no one but he knew, not even the governments that claimed him as their own. In truth John was an American but he was born in a small village in Japan, spent his childhood in Africa, until his late teens he resided in Russia, he made his move to America as a young adult. 
He’d met Malachi in Paris on one of the seldom breaks he allowed himself. The young man was, in a lot of ways, the same as John. Malachi was one of three civilians that had his number. When Malachi called it was no skin off his back to help. Hell, the initial information had been found within ten minutes. Additional, deeper information, within twenty-four, and that was only because John had been on a job. When done, he’d gotten on his private jet and came back to America, the first time in years. He’d personally gone to Texas. After Malachi called about the attack on the young woman he decided that he’d offer his services. It seemed that the situation warranted such extreme measures. 
Finding out that Malachi was sharing the woman had been a shock. Sure Malachi was known the world over for his sexcapades, hell, even he had shared a bed or two with the fool. This was taking it to a whole new level. The love between the three he’d witnessed last night was irrefutable. John had made a vow to himself to watch over the fucker and if Christian and Elaina was family the vow extended to them. 
The digging in Texas had his spidey senses tingling as soon as the woman told him the man in the picture was not the Felix De La Cruz they’d known.  When Malachi called and described the attack they kicked into overdrive. A regular person didn’t just wake up and decide to do that type of shit on a whim. The man was a monster, and he was willing to bet his last penny he’d been one for a long time, he’d just hidden it. So John had called in a real ex-special forces guy. Wesley Adams.
 The two of them met on a job. Both had the same mark and each viewed the other as a threat to their personal safety, not to mention neither of them wanted the other to steal the job. For two weeks they tracked each other, until they came together in fisticuffs.  John had a great respect for the young man that had eluded him. The two men when finally meeting face to face never spoke a word as they both came to the agreement that their stalemate would be resolved the old way.  John was surprised that the two carried similar weapons as they threw them to the ground. The fight had been long and both ended up bruised, blooded and more than a little broken. By the time they’d finished they had damned near killed each other. They joined forces and found the mark that had escaped while they’d stalked each other. It took about four days and when it was all said and done they were something that neither man would admit to. They were friends. 
Dressed in camouflage, the only weapon John carried was a large double edged knife. In the large pocket on his left thigh was a pair of binoculars. He moved through the forest like a spirit. No sound to mark his movement; so silent his presence didn’t disturb any of the wildlife around him. He hiked next to the road De La Cruz had taken yesterday. When he spotted the clearing with the small shelter he kept his distance as he circled it. He noted the smaller concrete structure before continuing the perimeter check. 
He didn’t see movement nor did he sense anyone in the area. He moved in on the larger of the two structures. Picking the lock was child play. The inside consisted of two rooms. The large front room had the guns and computers that De La Cruz had taken from his business the night before. To the right, bunk beds and the left a table with four chairs. The back of the building was the kitchen area. There was a bathroom that had a toilet, shower stall and sink. No one had been there in a while. He locked up and headed for the concrete structure. The lock on the steel door was harder, but no match for John. He opened the door and his blood went cold in his veins. This was bad. Real bad.

*****

The two man crew went straight to the remote area De La Cruz had given them directions for. De La Cruz waited until morning to go to them. God forbid someone notice him coming and going in the middle of the night. He was no one’s fucking fool. The nondescript late model sedan parked in front of the cabin trunk was open. De La Cruz pulled up next to it as Jose was coming out the opened door. He didn’t speak as he passed the man on his way to the cabin. 
Inside Jorge was making the bottom bunk. The top one was already done. There were two large duffels at the foot of the bunks and more weapons on the kitchen table. De La Cruz noticed a sniper rifle case. He hadn’t worked with either of them but whoever brought the sniper rifle got extra points. When Jose was back in the house he gave the men the simple instructions. 
“Here are the home and office addresses. The men die. Don’t care how or how many you have to kill but, do it quick and do it clean. No witnesses.” Jose and Jorge nodded without speaking which was fine with De La Cruz. 
 “The girl is to be brought back here, period, without so much as a single hair on her head out of place. Are we clear?” 
Another nod.  De La Cruz put an envelope on the table that included photos and then put the briefcase on the table next to it. “Here’s half the money. The other half you’ll receive once I get the girl and the men are dead,” he said as he popped the latches of the case and lifted the top. “Any questions?”
“No,” the two spoke together.
“Good. You have my number. Don’t use it until you’ve done what I’m paying you for.”
 De La Cruz left without saying good-bye. There was nothing else to do now but to wait. He’d entertained the idea of picking up another whore but changed his mind. He wasn’t bringing her here and he damn sure wasn’t taking her to his house. He didn’t need anyone knowing his business, including the two killers back at the cabin. He’d made sure to get the extra keys that had been hanging next to the door when he’d unloaded his truck. No reason for them to know what was in the concrete building.  
It was an early weekend morning and he decided to stop and pick up a few supplies. The thing about a small town is that you’re almost destined to run into someone you knew eventually. He’d stayed in the house most of the time since his release. He didn’t trust himself to see one of the three. He needed to keep suspicion off himself for when the shit hit the fan.  There were more than a few angry glances thrown at him. That was the other thing about small towns: everyone knew everyone else’s business. No doubt the whole town knew what he’d done. He held his head high as he walked to the doors of the grocery store. He wouldn’t be here for long, in town, not the store. Once his business was done he was out. Prison or on the run, neither made him much difference, as long as he and Ms. Freeman got to spend some quality time together before he left. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I wasn’t being told everything and whatever Christian and Malachi were not telling me was pretty bad. I understand their why, but it doesn’t mean I agreed with it. 
I woke up to find the house already abuzz with installation crews. The house was getting a new alarm system that included cameras. Every frame and door upstairs was being replaced with, if I had to guess, reinforced steel. It took two people to carry them upstairs. There were also motion sensor lights being installed outside that would light up the night sky like noontime sun if set off. To top it all off, Christian and Malachi told me during breakfast that starting Monday I would be working with Wesley on how to handle an assortment of weapons.  I wonder what was included in the assortment: grenades, machine guns, handguns, throwing stars, knives. I insisted that the same precautions be taken on the apartment that Claire and Sam lived in above the garage. I didn’t want them hurt because they worked for us. Sam had been in the military and Wesley told him he’d bring him a couple of handguns by later. Claire would join me during my training. I couldn’t wait to see the small quiet woman with a gun in her hand. 
I pulled on a pair of black leggings and one of Malachi’s cable knit sweaters.   Christian and Malachi were downstairs with Wesley going over all the new security equipment specs and instructions. They were in the office downstairs huddled around Christian’s computer. I headed for the kitchen for coffee before going to the dining room that was full of wallpaper books, fabric samples, and catalogs.  I loved to decorate and who knew how long it’d take to find the perfect everything for the baby. It was taking everything in me not to go out and buy baby clothes. I sat my coffee on the table next to one of the many opened wallpaper books and continued where I’d left off the night before. I was thinking of a pale mint green and cream color scheme.  
“That one’s nice.” Christian said, he rubbed my shoulders and kissed the top of my head. 
“Maybe I should just have the walls painted instead of papering,” I said putting my hand on top of his.
“Anything you choose will be perfect. Do you need anything Elaina?”
“Only for you to tell me what you and Malachi are not telling me,” I said looking up. I knew from the look I wasn’t getting answers but you couldn’t blame a girl for trying.
“They’re safety precautions Elaina; I would have thought you knew us better by now. There’s nothing we wouldn’t do to make sure you are safe.” Christian knelt next to the chair. “From the very beginning I fought to make sure that Felix De La Cruz stayed behind bars. The thought of him being out...walking around free after what he did; it scares me. It scares me because I can’t stand the thought of him being able to get to you. Our city isn’t so big that he may not be at the same store or restaurant. I’m not sure if anything or anyone will be able to stop me from killing him if I lay eyes on him.”
To think I’d been worried about Malachi being a loose cannon? Christian didn’t sound any better. “I understand but promise me you won’t do anything if you do see him. I’ll live through what he did. I can’t live without you.”
“I’ll promise you I’ll try,” he said and kissed me on the lips. “I’ll tell Claire to bring you lunch in here.” 

Jorge was an old timer, had come to America with a crew to figure out what the hell had happen to the safe house that had burned and the money that was in it. Of course he recognized Hernandez and had already made the call to the son of the old boss. Twenty five years was a long time but some people held a grudge.  Jorge was glad to find out that there was a reward for information on the old crime. There had been a lot of money in the house. Jorge had retired from the lifestyle but for the right amount of money, who could say no? His instructions were to kill Hernandez. He would need proof of death and then he’d get fifty thousand dollars. With what the man calling himself De La Cruz was paying him that was quite a retirement fund.  
Jose was the younger of two boys, born in these United States of America. His older brother had escaped as soon as he could from the world their father lived in. With their mother long dead the two boys had been raised by a maniac. Beaten and abused in ways that left your body or your soul dead. Manny had been lucky enough to hold on until he was old enough to leave. 
Manny had joined the military and called many times over the years to try to get Jose to join him but he had refused. There was blood on his hands and money on his mind. His particular skill set paid nicely. He doubted Uncle Sam was paying the same. He couldn’t see himself taking orders from a loud mouth or being trained on a thing he was already damn good at. Their father was dead now. Jose hadn’t cried a single tear but he’d done right by him and buried him instead of pissing on the asshole and walking away. He’d written Manny when their father died and wasn’t surprised when the he hadn’t shown up. He had, however, sent Jose some money to help cover the funeral expenses and an offer to again join him 
Jorge and Jose didn’t waste any time. As soon as De La Cruz left they drove to the business address. Taking any of the targets at their work place was out of the question. Without knowing the range of the camera or where the three parked, coming up with suitable kidnapping plan would take weeks of watching and planning. De La Cruz made it clear he wanted things taken care as soon as possible. The business address would be an absolute last option. 
They drove to the home address where an army of vans and trucks were parked. Cameras were being installed outside and probably inside as well. Flood lights were hung from the eaves of the house at each corer and an extra in the middle. They were sure they were motion sensor activated. There was also a door company van on the street. There were no doors to be seen but it didn’t take a rocket scientist to know they were also upgrading their doors. This job had just gotten a whole lot harder. 

*****

Wesley Adams entered the army straight out of high school. He didn’t have the grades to go to college. Not that he wanted to go. He did see the military as a way to escape the inevitable. His neighborhood held the promises of too many stereotypical ends for him. Drug dealer, pimp, thug, jail or death.  Things were not looking good for the only child of Wallis Adams. 
He was recruited almost immediately to Special Forces. He’d served his country and was trying to figure out life after military when he met John Chambers. Man, they had really fucked each other up.  John had given Wesley his contact information and when he used it almost five years later John had offered him a job. The perfect job as far as Wesley was concerned. Killing people was a part time gig at best, but he still made more money on one job to than most people made in years. So the one or two jobs a year he averaged were more than enough to cushion his bank account. This was the first job he and John had ever been on together and the younger man was honored. He knew that John was a loner. Assassins in general were not very sociable. 
This job seemed easy enough. He spent his days being a chauffeur and showing two pretty good looking women how to handle handguns.  He sat at a table everyday to eat dinner and fellowshipped, and then had a drink before bed. Hell, life was good. Wesley was sitting on his bed with his laptop on a pillow next to him. The motion sensor lights had been disabled but the cameras had night vision and the video was clear.
  Malachi held Elaina by the hips jerking her forward hard into his lap. Not that she needed help, she was riding his ass like the most skilled rider.  She was sitting in his lap facing him with her legs through the arms of the chair they were sitting in.  Elaina leaned forward and wrapped her arms around his neck. Malachi leaned back in the chair spreading his legs wider. He wrapped one arm around her waist, the other he lowered and Wesley could see Malachi put at least one finger in her ass, maybe two. He could tell when she came when she stopped moving up and down and instead started moving her hips in circles as Malachi worked his fingers in her ass faster. Shortly after she became still as Malachi continued to slide in and out of her real slow. Wesley could she her body vibrating on the shaking from her orgasm. Malachi helped Elaina remove her legs from between the arms of the chair and he slid down in the seat. He put her legs on the outside of the arms of the chair opening her legs so wide Wesley wondered if she was a contortionist. Elaina put her arms behind, her holding on to Malachi’s knees and started the circular roll of her hips again. He couldn’t confirm but Wesley was pretty sure that Malachi was playing with her clit in addition to fucking her. She started moving faster and Malachi leaned up, grabbed her under her legs and stood up, fucking her hard until he came. When he sat back down he stayed inside her as she lay against his chest and Malachi ran one hand up and down her back the other was playing with her hair. She was smiling at whatever he was saying to her. 
Just when Wesley thought the show was over Christian walked out. He took off the pajama bottoms he wore as Malachi rose from the chair still holding Elaina in his arms. Man this was the freakiest shit he’d ever seen, as he watched the two men hand off the tiny woman. Malachi laid her gently on the table, leaned over kissing her deeply before backing up. Christian stepped between her legs. He kissed her and then straightened. He took one of her shins holding her legs apart as he entered her. She arched her back and Malachi kissed her mouth, her neck and her breasts. He licked her nipples and then played with her clit while Christian made love to her. Christian slow entrance and retreat was the polar opposite of Malachi’s frantic driving. Malachi kissed her one last time before leaving the two. Wesley read the man’s lips as he told her he loved her. He walked over to the sitting area, grabbing a beer before sitting down and watching. Christian had bent over her and held her in his arms. She had one hand tangled in his hair the other around his neck as they kissed and he continued the slow methodical grind. She release his lips when she came, her mouth open in a silent moan. Christian hips moved faster moments later as he came. 
Wesley wondered if he should tell them of the cameras night vision capabilities. As he palmed his rock hard erection, started the video from the beginning, and began to stroke himself as it started, he figured he might just let them figure that one out on their own. 

“No fucking way,” John said after he stopped choking on his coffee. He was looking at the other man with something between awe and fright. “Tell me you’re fucking kidding me.” 
The other man was laughing quietly but was shaking his head back and forth. “If I’m lying and dying,” he said brining his hand up and putting it over his heart. “I swear.”
“Son of bitch,” John muttered still not believing. “Un-fucking-believable,” he said. He took another try at drinking his coffee.
“They fuck like rabbits man. I’ve never seen anything like it,” Wesley said. “At night, in the middle of the day, all day long, I’m pretty sure Malachi fucks her at work. Hell, yesterday I think he fucked in the half bathroom downstairs.”
 Wesley had been watching and hearing the sexual relations of the people he guarded from day one. He’d waited for Christian or Malachi to say something to him but they hadn’t. The trio had sex outside way more than he would have ever imagined after that first night he’d seen them three weeks ago. There was no rhyme or reason behind it that he could tell. It was as if an urge just took over them. It made him hard just thinking about the look they got in their eyes when it happened. On the occasions that a second man followed he’d started to have the overwhelming need to masturbate. It was like the three of them was emitting some kind of damn pheromone. 
“You know Christian is going to skin you alive if he finds out,” John said.
“Man, don’t I know it. I wanted to tell one of them the day after the first time but I couldn’t find a way to say, ‘hey I saw you last night having sex. You might want to stay clear of the back patio,’” he said. “Or the pool, or the master suite balcony,” he added.
“Un-fucking-believable,” John muttered again still trying to wrap his head around the information.
“Hell, forget Christian, if it upsets Malachi I’d highly suggest you run. Don’t let the pretty rich boy looks fool you, that man’s dangerous,” John warned Wesley. “He loves that woman.”
Both of the men had observed the trio since their arrival. The men treated Elaina like a queen. They were always touching her and whispering in her ear, giving her gentle kisses on her neck or shoulder or temple. Malachi had given her at least three pieces of jewelry since they’d been there and the large suites must cost a fortune. 
‘I know,” Wesley said running his hand across his face. “That’s what I don’t get. How does two men, best friends no less, share a woman?” He said looking perplexed.
John shook his head. “I don’t know,” he said rising from his seat. He was going to go get another cup of coffee. 
“You want to see?” Wesley asked in a low voice.
 John could see in the man’s eyes that he probably had a new video collection somewhere on that laptop that sat on his desk. “Hell no, I wants no part of that.” he said. 
John laughed to himself as he refilled his cup and headed for the dining room to check in with Elaina. Cameras had been installed in all downstairs rooms and hallways. He’d seen her sitting at the table on the monitor as he talked to Wesley. The dining room table was hidden beneath a mountain of books and cloth. She was working on decorating ideas for the nursery.
“Hey Elaina,” he said from the doorway. 
The woman turned around. She was beautiful. He could understand why any man would want to call her his own. He hadn’t been fortunate enough to see her naked but even fully clothed he could tell she had a hell of a body. She walked around the house in clothes that covered her but didn’t leave much to the imagination. She rarely wore a bra when in the comforts of her own home and there was no missing those large dark nipples that screamed to be sucked under the snug t-shirts she wore. Her breasts were just shy of big. The short dresses and shorts she wore showed off perfectly toned and silky smooth legs. The sight of her thighs was enough to make a grown man weep. She was short, but built up like a woman should be; soft and smooth and round in all the right places.
“What’s up John,” she said turning around.
Wesley had told him the little woman had impressed him with her ease and ability with the weapons he’d shown her how to use. Wesley had given her a Beretta Px4 and just yesterday Christian had shown up with a Smith and Wesson revolver. The damned thing had a pink grip. He noticed the gun on the table next to her.
“Good to see you have your weapon,” he said.
“Yeah,” she said looking at the gun. “Today’s the first day I’ve carried one with me.” 
“How’s the nursery coming along,” he asked. She rubbed her stomach that was just starting to show her condition. She was so fucking cute pregnant... and hot. 
“It’s coming. It’s really too soon to be buying anything but it’s fun looking. Do you have any children?” she asked surprising John.
“No.”
“I didn’t think so,” she said. “I guess you’re not married or have anyone special in your life either?” She asked.
“Not a lot of time in my line of work to find time for a committed relationship.”
“I bet you can find the time,” she said. He could tell she thought his answer was bullshit, which it was. “You should have Malachi introduce you and Wesley to some of his old girl friends. You’re still men. I’m sure you two still get horny,” she said. 
For the second time John found himself choking on his coffee. 
“Although I don’t know if Wesley needs it as bad as you, I’m sure he’s been getting plenty of release.”
 Her look was devilish and told John that she new without a doubt what Wesley was up to in that room when the lights went out. John couldn’t help himself, he also couldn’t find it in him to lie for the man; he burst out laughing until he had tears in his eyes.
“What’s going on in here you two?” Malachi came in the room. He sat on the other side of Elaina. 
“I just told John about the videos.” Which shut John right down. The laughter was gone as sudden as it had arrived. 
“Yeah?” Malachi said. He was looking at Elaina. He had that look in his eye.
“You should get them a couple of girls tonight,” Elaina said. Her words so low it was almost a moan. 
“I’ll do just that beautiful girl,” Malachi said and stood up. “Come on I need you.” Elaina stood and took his hand and they headed for the door. John wondered how far they’d make it. As they reached the door Malachi turned, all lust and need gone from his voice. 
“I don’t mind a little look see, God knows she has a body worth worshiping, but if either of you touch her—I’ll kill you.” 
“I know that Malachi. No worries here.”
The man nodded and turned back to his woman. He lifted her in his arms; she wrapped her legs around his waist. They made it to the half bath. 

“How do you do it Christian?” John asked. He was leaning against the frame of the opening leading into the den. He had a beer in one hand. True to his word, Malachi invited a few girls over...and a couple men. Malachi and Elaina, with the help of Claire, had thrown together a little party. 
“We both love her,” the man to his left said. 
John looked at the people in the room. Three couples were making out pretty heavily. Malachi and Elaina were one of those couples. John was pretty sure that the hand under Elaina’s dress was doing sinful things. 
“I don’t think there’s any other explanation. Elaina was already very sexual when we met. She made it clear from the beginning that our relationship would be on her terms. She actually met Malachi first and had no idea we knew each other. By the time Malachi had sex with her we had already started seeing each other. She told us within days that she was not willing to stop seeing the other,” Christian said.
 He looked at John and raised his own drink. He was drinking some amber colored liquor. “There’s a story behind her that she won’t share. She needs both of us. I offer her gentleness and safety and Malachi, his own kind of security.”
John watched as one of the women sat down next to Elaina and Malachi. John could see her body tense up for a second, but Malachi grabbed her by her hair and kissed her hard before whispering something in her ear that seemed to relax her. She nodded to him and he turned to the woman and said something to her. The woman nodded slowly before putting her hand on Elaina’s lower back and leaning over to kiss her neck. Malachi was playing with Elaina’s nipples as he watched the two women. Elaina was in his lap and she started to circle her hips. John didn’t think it’d be too long before the orgy started. 
“So you won’t be joining them,” John asked. He reached down to rearrange is stiffening cock. The first faint smell of sex was suddenly in the air.
“There’s only one woman for me now,” Christian said.
“But you’re willing to share,” John said noticing the man was nursing his own hard on. 
“With Malachi yes.”
“And women.”
Christian shrugged his shoulders, like women didn’t count. “We have rules. No man will ever touch her again. Malachi loves multiple partners but you see how Brittney is going out of her way to not touch Malachi?” John had noticed. “Elaina’s not willing to share. Even after all we do, all that we’ve done; I don’t think she’s secure in our complete devotion to her. She’s waiting for one or both of us to leave her.”
“I don’t see that happening,” John said. He pushed off the frame. Christian may not be taking part in the festivities, but the girl slow grinding the guy John was pretty sure name was Travis, was giving him a “come hither” look.
“No doubt,” Christian said with a little laugh. “Looks like V’s calling.” 
“Yeah, well, I’m about to answer,” John said without a backwards glance. 

 Wesley gently removed the arm that was lying over his chest. He’d never been set up with a woman before on a job and he thought about putting it on his list of demands from now on. These weren’t hookers either, just people who enjoyed sex. Group sex. He had never participated in group sex before but he considered himself a converted man after last night. 
Veronica or V, as she called herself was one hot woman. She was as tall as he was, her tiny waist was bookended by large natural breast, a nice tight round ass and hips begging to be held. She was a damn dynamo in bed. She’d taught him things and showed him positions that could have made her an instructor of the Karma Sutra. It’d made Wesley question whether or not she was a working girl but she was talkative laying there between the two of them last night. 
She and Wesley stayed up long pass John. She was cool people. Wesley rubbed her shoulder thinking that in a different time or place he wouldn’t mind getting to know her better. But last night was fun; today it was back to business. He was most definitely going to get her number before she left. He kissed her lightly on the shoulder, felt his dick get hard under the covers as she moved and the covers fell around her waist exposing her breasts. He got up before he was side-tracked. If he started fucking her he didn’t think he’d stop. He sat on the edge of the bed second guessing himself as he watched the woman turn and snuggle closer to John. Next to him was Brittney, he had no memory of her coming in the room.
 He went to the desk and looked at the monitors. One screen had two red dots. One dot was the location of De La Cruz’s car. It was at his address. The other was near the address of the house he was sitting in. John had put the tracking devices on the cars weeks prior. The two watching the house stayed mainly in the little cabin, but several times a week they would be parked down the street. Wesley wasn’t worried, he only wished they would go ahead and make a damn move. The other screen showed the exterior and downstairs interior of the house. 
He found his pants and pulled them on. It was barely light outside but he was one of those people who didn’t go back to bed once he was up. He wondered how many people were still there from last night. He went downstairs and found Claire cooking one hell of a breakfast. 
“Good morning Mr. Adams.”
The little woman had her hair in its customary ponytail and she had on a pair of jeans and warm looking sweater. She was making pancake batter as best as Wesley could tell. 
He’d asked the woman to call him Wesley, she’d respectfully refused. 
“Good morning Mrs. Sullivan. Is that enough food you’re cooking?” He asked headed for the coffee pot.
“Lot of people to feed,” she said, looking up from the mixing bowl and smiling at him.
 Meaning everyone was still there. Wesley found himself a little embarrassed at the thought of the woman knowing what they had been up to last night. Although, she no doubt, knew that the people who employed her were together. He wondered if last night festivities were a common occurrence. Regardless, who wanted people their mom’s age to know the kinky shit they got up to when the lights went off? 
“Do you need me to do anything?” He asked. Wesley had been raised by a single mother and good manners and a respect for women was hardwired in him. He’d kill a man without batting an eye but he’d die to protect a woman. It didn’t matter if he knew her or not. It was one of the only things that he refused when taking assignments. No women or children, period.
“If you would please let the ones in your room know that breakfast will be served at nine that’d be great,” she said. 
If that just didn’t make his ass blush. “Um, yes ma’am,” he muttered and left as fast as he could. He needed to let John know about their friends anyway. 

I woke up with Christian kissing me. He covered my body when he realized I was awake and slid inside of me in one fluid motion.
 “I love waking up this way,” I said. 
“Then consider me your own personal alarm clock,” He whispered. I lifted my knees and he caught one of my shins pulling it higher. “I love you Elaina. So much.”
And I believed him. I thought I believed him before. Believed both of them but I hadn’t. Not until last night. Whatever had kept that knowledge just beyond my reach was now gone. I knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that the three of us belonged to each other. 
Brittney, the girl that I’d seen him with twice, approached us last night. I was aware of her as soon as she sat down next to us and when she put her hand on me I was ready to tell her to leave us alone. But Malachi had grabbed my hair and kissed me hard. He told me to trust him. I did. He’d turned to Brittney and told her not to touch him. But he wanted to see her touch me. The look in his eyes when he stared back at me as Brittney began to kiss my neck was so sexy; I wouldn’t have refused him anything. 
He played with my nipples with one hand, while fingering me under my skirt with the other, while Brittney kissed me. It hadn’t taken me long to come. I saw Christian standing in the doorway watching and I told Malachi I was ready for bed...and to bring Brittney. 
Getting undress had been easy for me. I had nothing on under the dress that I wore. Malachi lay on one side of me licking and sucking one breast, Christian on the other side kissing me and then Brittney joined. Her soft hands parted my thighs. Malachi bit my nipple and Christian deepened his kiss when Brittney tongue made first contact with my clit. 
I’d never been with a woman before, had never experienced the soft skin and gentle hands of the same sex. It was a new kind of heaven. Her kiss was soft and gentle, like Christian’s. She knew exactly how to touch and when and where. I had my orgasm within minutes of her going down on me. She’d followed Malachi’s originally instructions and never touched him or Christian. I knew Christian was a one woman man, but Malachi was a different story. He didn’t touch Brittney as Christian made love to me and Brittney lay next to me kissing my neck and rubbing my clit. The sight of him with his back on the head board stroking himself while he watched me was all the confirmation I needed. I held out my hand and when he took it I guided it to Brittney’s ass. He rose to his knees, pulled her around so he could face me and entered her from the behind. Who knew I’d get so turned on by the sight of my man fucking another woman?  
Brittney would move if Christian wanted to kiss me but was right back when he finished. I focused on the man inside me knowing that the other man in the bed loved me too. He was fucking Brittney. He made love only to me. Brittney left the room afterwards and we fell asleep. Malachi kissing me softly, Christian hand draped across my body.
Morning sex was a Malachi thing, but Christian was always a nice surprise. His gentle kisses and touches were affirmation of his love.  I never tire of them. 
“I’m coming Christian,” I moaned as he ran a line of kisses down my throat.  He released my leg and rolled us over and Malachi was there. No preparation, no foreplay, he entered me from behind in one long slow stroke. My orgasm was a detonation of pure pleasure. They rarely took me at the same time but to have both of them seated inside of me made me feel something that I still hadn’t found the right word for. Nothing fit, nothing felt big enough for the emotion and pleasure I received when they took me that way. For me to be so possessed and owned.  To be so loved by two men who decided that my happiness meant more to them than having to choose between them. It was truly indescribable. 

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

“You’re fine to fly Elaina,” Dr. Bryon said as she took the gel out of its warming tray. She squirted a generous helping on my lower abdomen and put the tube back in the tray before picking up the wand.
“I told them that, but they’re so unreasonable about the weirdest things,” I said rolling my eyes at the two men standing at my head. 
“Men are that way. Would you like to know the sex of your baby?”
“Yes.” We all three answered. 
“It’s a girl.”
Christian sat down and Malachi sat in his lap. Dr. Bryon, use to Malachi’s antics, shook her head and laughed. “This child is going to be spoiled rotten,” she said reading my mind. 
She printed out the a row of picture, and three of the one she’d typed “It’s a Girl!” on, before wiping off the wand and then my stomach. She waited on me to straighten my clothes and Christian and Malachi before she spoke again. She handed Christian and Malachi their pictures and gave the rest to me. 
“I don’t think I ever thought I’d be saying this to someone involved with multiple partners, but are you sure you want paternity testing? I only asked because you two look like it’s not going to make a difference who the father is, both of you are going to step up to the plate.”
Another reason I liked Dr. Bryon. She didn’t mince words. 
“Legally it’s a necessity, but you’re right. Any child born will be raised as ours, not yours or mine,” Christian said. 
The good doctor nodded. “Sound like you kids have a plan,” she said. She picked up a clip board and ran down a list of question checking them off. She was concerned about my blood pressure but it was nothing to be alarmed by. She wanted to start seeing me twice a month as a precaution. She gave each of us pamphlets to go over. 
“You’re twenty weeks. How are you feeling?” she said sitting her clip board back on the cart with the ultra sound machine.
“Good. I get tired easier but other than that fine,” I answered.
“Well this trip is just what I would have ordered. Have fun,” she said. “Call me if you get dizzy or weak or more tired than what you think of as normal.  Everything looks good as far as development. She’s perfect.”
“Thank you Dr. Bryon,” Malachi said.
“It’s a girl,” Malachi told Wesley when we got to the front sitting area of the doctor’s office.
“Congratulations man.”
Wesley had taken over driving detail. We were heading home to finish packing for our trip to the island. We were taking the whole house; Claire, Sam, John and Wesley. We were even taking Brittney her friend Veronica. When I’d suggested it Malachi was on me before I could finish the sentence. Malachi had become a gentle lover the first time he felt the baby move. I’d suggested Brittney joining us occasionally shortly after. I knew what my man liked and I was determined to keep him happy. 
“Sam called. He’s already back at the house with B and V,” Wesley said as we walked to the car. “John will be arriving at the house late this evening, around eight.”
“We need to swing by downtown on our way in,” Christian told Wesley.
“Yeah, we have a pink diamond to buy,” Malachi said. 
After leaving the jeweler we stopped at the mall. They let me go hog-wild in the baby department buying clothes. It took all three of them to carry the bags back to the car.
“It’s a girl everyone,” Malachi yelled as soon as we entered in the house.
Brittney and Veronica were sitting in the kitchen with Claire and Sam. They all came to the foyer and we were congratulated and kisses were given and received. I asked Claire to help me put the things in the room that was going to be the nursery, while Brittney and Veronica went to the den to watch television and Sam and Wesley started loading luggage. We were leaving at six in the morning. 


 Wesley and John sat on the couch nursing beers. Christian was behind his desk and I sat on Malachi’s lap in one of the side chairs. He was rubbing my stomach as we listened to John’s report.
“As far as we know there are no more delays in the trial. It’ll start the Tuesday after we’re back from the island. Mr. Watkins will contact me if anything changes in the week we’re away.”
“Well that’s that,” Christian said.
I was ready to put my old life to bed so that I could truly start living my new one. I saw him give Malachi the look and knew I was about to be excused so I beat them to the punch.
 “I think I’m going to head up,” I said kissing Malachi before crossing the room and kissing Christian. 
“We’ll be up in a minute,” he said. He rubbed my stomach once before I turned to leave them to the top secret information they wouldn’t share with me. 
“We still have nothing on the two that De La Cruz brought in. I’m thinking they’re illegal’s from Mexico,” Wesley said as soon as Elaina was out of the room and he thought she was an adequate distance from the office. He spoke in a low voice as Malachi went to the door to close it. “Their English is perfect but the accent slips through every now and then.” 
 John had finally bugged and installed two small hidden cameras in the small cabin. He hadn’t bothered with the concrete structure in back. It didn’t hold enough furnishing to adequately hide any.  
“And none of the video show them getting ready to make a move?” Malachi said sitting back down.
“None,” John said.
“The sniper rifle is a real concern,” Malachi said. 
None of the men said anything. They were fairly certain that De La Cruz meant to take Elaina alive. That little concrete shed worried all the men in the room; more than the thought of them being taken down by a bullet. It was a torture chamber. 
“I think he was hoping to make a move before the trial and then disappearing. He wasn’t expecting us,” John said.
“I’d like to neutralize the threat when we get back,” Wesley said. “Two thugs should be easy enough to take.”
“I agree with Wesley. There’s no reason to wait any longer. I’m surprise they hadn’t made a move. No reason to give them the opportunity. They’re not here just to watch with the fire power in that shack.” 
“Okay,” Christian said. 
“Wesley and I will leave the island Friday. It’ll be taken care of by the time you get back,” John said.
Malachi stood up and extended his hand to John. “I can’t thank you enough John.”
“It’s my pleasure. I can take care of De La Cruz too if you like,” the man offered.
“No. We’ll wait until after the trial and then Mr. De La Cruz can disappear before sentencing. It’ll throw suspicion from me and Malachi. I’d like to thank the both of you too. I know I’ve felt a lot better with you here,” Christian said.
“Not a problem at all. Hell, call me anytime. I like the perks that come with the job.” John said.
“Hell yeah,” Wesley added as he rose to shake Malachi and Christian hands.

The island was just as beautiful as I remembered. More so, as the events leading up to our departure were free of any ugliness. Claire and Malachi had become partners in crime and made arrangements for Christmas on the island. A tree was there when we arrived. We spent the first night decorating it and listening to music that was so out of place in the tropical paradise. There was spiked eggnog that no one drank but Sam and island drinks in coconuts for everyone else.  As soon as we finished Malachi surprised us all again when he and Sam brought in present after present. 
Claire and Sam stayed at one of the villas and drove up each day in one of the mobile carts since there was barely a full wall in the main house. We wanted to spare them the sounds of the perversions going on.  It seemed that the only time there were no sounds of sex was when they were there. Everyone was on their best behavior when the older couple was around. Well almost. Malachi would sometimes comment he needed me. Everyone knew what it meant. Bless his heart, he tried. 
The week seemed both to fly by and at the same time it was as if time stood still. The hidden beach was the only place that got X-rated on occasion during the day. I’d discovered it on our last visit and showed it to our group. It’s where we spent quit a few days. The men would lug a huge cooler with beer and food in it. Brittney and Veronica and I carried blankets and towels. But it never failed, at some point, someone would have too much to drink and there’d be someone having sex within hours of us getting there.
On Christmas morning Malachi woke every one up at the damn crack of dawn to open presents. He’d even sent Wesley for Claire and Sam. There was something for everyone. My gift from Christian and Malachi was a gold lariat necklace. The two flat bars had their names engraved on them. I’d gotten them both gold ID bracelets.  Malachi’s was engraved with: And now these three remain: faith, hope and love.  Christian’s was engraved with the second half of the bible verse: But the greatest of these is love. 
Wesley and John were given guns; a weird gift that both men were super exciting about. Claire and Sam were given the title to a new car. They had been having trouble with their old one. Claire cried and hugged and kissed Christian and Malachi on their cheeks. The most unprofessional thing I’d seen her do since she had been with us. Veronica and Brittney had jewelry too. Their gold charm bracelets were full of Christmas and tropical themed charms. It was a strange gathering but we all felt like so much more than friends as we gathered around the tree and laughed and opened our gifts. Christian, Malachi and I had all been born only children, and our parents long gone from this earth. On that day we had family none of us could have imagined. We were blessed. 
On most days we all hung out together as a group. Today it was just us girls, Claire included, who still rocked a pretty impressive body in the one piece swimsuit. Brittney and Veronica were topless, lying on their stomachs and I had on a white string bikini. 
“You know I didn’t like you,” Brittney said turning to face me. I heard Claire gasp at the unexpected announcement.
“The feeling was mutual,” I said looking down at the beautiful woman.
“I was jealous,” she said rising up on her elbows. “And angry, I felt like you’d stolen Malachi from me.”
“Shit happens,” I said.
She laughed, “Yes it does.” Brittney sat up, crossing her legs and putting her hands on her knees.
 She was everything a man could possible want. A goddess if ever there were one. Her black hair hung to her waist. She was petite and feminine.  
“But I couldn’t stay mad once I saw how Malachi looks at you,” she said. “He’s never looked at me, or any of the other girls I’ve seen him with, that way and I’ve known him seven years,” she said cocking her head to the side as if she was trying to figure out why he found me so appealing. “The way he touches you…” she said. 
His touch had ownership in it. Harder than Christian’s, Malachi held, or touched, or grabbed me quick and there was always some pressure where as Christian’s touch was a whisper on my skin. 
“I’m still jealous. But only of the love that the three of you share.”
“How’d that work out Elaina? How did you manage to get the two richest men under fifty to be so completely devoted to you?” Veronica chimed in. I’d thought she was asleep. 
She turned over on her back and put her hand over her face to shade her eyes from the sun. Veronica was taller than both me and Brittney. She was statuesque and voluptuous and I had more than once thought of inviting her to our bed. 
“I really don’t know. I spent a lot of time thinking about it. It’s just too good to be true. I have a lot of baggage from my past life and old relationships. It all happened so fast. Like we’d been looking for each other and when we found each other there was no going back,” I answered.
“You’re a very luck girl,” Claire said. I smiled at her.
 She’d never commented on our lifestyle once the three of us decided not to hide our affection for each other. There was never any judgment or distaste when she looked at us together. 
“I certainly am.”
We enjoyed the rest of the day talking like old girlfriends. It didn’t take long for Malachi to join us and he muscled his way in between me and Brittney. Not long after Sam joined Claire. I was surprised it’d taken him so long. I wanted what they had when I got to be their age. The love the two of them had was an old one. One that nothing would ever come between built and forged through years of ups and downs, good times and bad. It was unwavering and rock solid. If we all could be so lucky.
Before the hour was up everyone was on the beach. Wesley and John brought our cooler down with refreshments and Brittney and V went back to the house for snacks after hours passed and no one wanted to leave.  The men returned to the house for food and a grill when the sun went down and Claire announced it was almost time for her to start dinner and we all groaned at the thought of ending the perfect day. 

“That feels good,” I moaned. I opened my eyes. Malachi was pressing a cold towel to my forehead. I had taken a bath when we finally dragged our bodies from the beach today. I’d taken a nap and was just waking up when I heard someone come in the room. I hadn’t opened my eyes knowing it would be either Christian or Malachi. 
Malachi leaned down and kissed me as he pressed the towel on my neck and chest, cooling my hot skin. He left the towel between my breasts as his hand went to my belly. The baby girl moved against his touch. 
“I really want her to be mine,” He whispered against my lips. “I love her so much already.” He said kissing me down my neck.
I wanted to have children with both of the men in my life. Wanted to give them each something of their own. But this first one, I wished with all my heart, would be Malachi’s biological child. His hand rubbed in slow gentle circles around my extended stomach. 
“I love the woman who has given her to me.” Malachi hand came to rest on the underside of my belly and he applied a slight pressure. “You make me calm beautiful girl. You’ve made me grow roots and wish for something I never knew I even wanted,” he said kissing first one nipple and then the other.
“What’s that,” I moaned arching my back and grabbing his hair. 
“Something of my own. You made me want something that was mine and no one else’s,” he said moving his hand lower. “I was lost before you beautiful girl.”
“So was I Malachi,” I said. I watched as he tongue flicked my nipple before he took it in his mouth.
“But you found me,” he whispered against my stomach.
“Open your legs from me Elaina, I want to taste you.” Malachi’s elicit words never failed to shock me, nor the sound of the hunger for me in his voice. I brought my knees up and spread my legs. Malachi climbed down the bed and with a flattened tongue licked me. I knew it was in the middle of the day and everyone was down stairs but there was no holding back the cry when he put two fingers inside me. 
“I love you Malachi,” I said grabbing his hair. 
Malachi stopped long enough to place a pillow under me. His heavy erection stood straight out from his body.  Today he didn’t enter me all at once. He teased me, inching in a little more with each roll of his hips. He rubbed my belly and stared in my eyes as he made love to me. 
“I’ll never let you go Elaina. I’ll never want you anywhere but by my side. Will you stay with me forever beautiful girl?” 
I nodded because I’d lost all ability to speak. I kept forgetting to tell them of the common side effect when it came to making love with them. 
“This dick was made for you,” he said taking his free hand he used his thumb on my clit. The circular motions gentle for him. “It belongs to you and only you command it,” he said. “Like my heart beautiful girl. It belongs only to you.”
I grabbed the sheets on the bed and held on for dear life. The orgasm was building as the circles Malachi was making on my clit increased in both speed and pressure and his hips started to move faster.
“Never leave me Elaina. Promise me that.”
“No Malachi,” I said breathlessly, “Never. I’ll never leave you.”
Happy with my renewed promise to never leave, he grabbed both my legs at the shins and held my legs far apart. The roar that came from him when he began to ejaculate helped my own orgasm along. 

The end of the trip came too soon and we all left begrudgingly. We had fun all the way up to the end as everyone tried to hold on to the magic for as long as possible. The bonfire the night before our departure was the grand finale and I think between the seven of us still on the island there was maybe five hours of sleep. No one wanted to go to bed. Even Claire and Sam had stayed on the beach until the wee hours of the morning. But all good things must come to an end. The island had connected us all and we made promises to do it again. There was no doubt we would. It was not the polite empty promise that was sometimes made by acquaintances. We were family.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?” 
“I do.”
“Will you please state your name for the record?”
“Elaina Porter-Dubois”

Wesley and John left the island on Friday but were there to pick us up from the airport when we landed on Sunday morning. Wesley took Brittney and Veronica home, while John drove the rest of us. Christian asked John how everything was. John said perfect. Innocent enough exchange, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that there was hidden meaning behind the words.  
Sam and the men unpacked the cars, and when Wesley came back he collected the guns he’d passed out to Claire, Sam and I. I still had the revolver Christian bought me, but I didn’t carry it around. It was in the bedside table. Christian was going to purchase a small gun box to put it in with a fingerprint scanner lock. 
We slept in most of the day Monday, needing a vacation from our vacation, but also because the mood was somber for what was coming the next day. I had convinced both of the men in my life and the attorney that I wanted to go ahead and get my part over. I’d show up on Tuesday and then walk away. I didn’t even plan on going the last day to find out the verdict or how long the asshole would be in jail. I could care less. It was time for me to put the past away. I had a new life. I had new life growing inside me. There was no room for demons and monsters.

“How do you know Felix De La Cruz?”
“I worked for him for five years.”
“Were you ever in a sexual relationship with Mr. De La Cruz?”
“I was.”
“And who initiated the relationship?”
“I did.”
“Did you know Mr. De La Cruz was married at the time you initiated the relationship?”
“I did.”
“How long were you in this relationship with Mr. De La Cruz?”
“Three weeks.”
“And how many times did you have sex in those three weeks?”
“Twenty-four times.”
“Did you have sexual relations with any other men at this time?”
“I did.”
“How many others?”
“Four”

When I woke up I was greeted by sweet kisses. We ate breakfast on the back porch. Christian had purchased large patio heaters to keep us warm. He was also thinking about having a fireplace built somewhere along the back wall. Every day he and Malachi did something to show how far they were willing to go to make sure I had everything I wanted. The renovations on the nursery were full steam ahead. The furniture redistributed around the house for those pieces we could find a place for, the rest in storage. The old wallpaper was down and the painter was scheduled for next week. Claire had already been given the title of honorary grandmother and she fussed over me like I imagined my own mother would.  It was nice to have someone to help me and show me the ropes of being a mother. Her children were grown and had moved far away. She hardly saw them.
 I had on a red scoop neck sleeveless wool maternity dress with a cream cardigan. It hit right below the knee. I wore black pointed-toe pumps. My jewelry was simple, my staple pieces: my wedding rings, add a diamond bracelet, the diamond studs and teardrop necklace and the gold lariat. We drove to the court house in silence, John and Wesley in front. Me sandwiched between Christian and Malachi, each man held a hand. 

“Can you tell me what happened on the day of the incident?”
“I arrived at my regular time at eight am. I’d decided to quit my job and spent the day getting things together. At noon I was told that Mr. De La Cruz had let the staff leave for the day from Jamie Lannister who worked in the front office. Mr. De La Cruz came to my office where I gave him my letter of resignation. He read the letter, became enraged and hit me, knocking me unconscious. I’m not sure how long I was out but when I regained consciousness I was tied to a table in the warehouse naked.”
My body stared to shake. I’d been looking at my attorney during most of the questioning with an occasional glance at Christian and Malachi. I looked down at my hands and took a deep breath and looked back up at the monster that raped me. Mr. De La Cruz looked at me with indifference. 
“Can you continue Ms. Porter-Dubois?” Mr. Watkins asked.
“Yes,” I said. The second half I said while facing the man who had done his best to break me. 
“Mr. De La Cruz told me that he planned on asking me to marry him while we were on a business trip in Vegas but his wife showed up unexpected. He was angry about my relationship with Christian Dubois. He stood at the end of the table at my feet. While he spoke he started to touch me. Running his hands the length of my body. He became angry when I asked him not to do whatever it was he had planned. He slapped me. He used his fingers to penetrate me vaginally and anally, before raping me. He bit me several times on my neck and breasts. He became angrier as he raped me and started punching me. I lost consciousness and woke up the next day in the hospital.”
I released a great big breath. I’d made it through the first of the hurdles. The next one was going to be hard. Even Christian and Malachi didn’t know about it.
“Would you like to take a break Ms. Porter-Dubois?” The judge asked.
“No... thank you judge.” I said before turning back to Mr. Watkins for him to continue.
“What is your relationship with Malachi Porter and Christian Dubois?”
“They’re my partners.”
“What does that mean exactly?”
“We treat our relationship the same as a legal marriage.”
“The three of you?”
“Yes.”

Mr. Watkins looked at me; giving me a chance to change my mind at the next question. When I first approached him he’d asked that I speak to Christian and Malachi. I couldn’t, I could barely get it out to tell him. When I simply looked back at him, he let out a deep breath. 
“Ms. Porter-Dubois when was the first time you had sex?”
Christian and Malachi both stood up. I held up my hand to stop them for yelling out and answered the question quickly.
“I was eight years old the first time my mother’s boyfriend raped me.”
There was a collective gasp in the court room. Christian remained standing but he looked like he was a second away from falling. Malachi, my sun, was ready to set the room on fire.

In another time and another place, a little girl woke up in her bed to find the hands of the man she had just started to call daddy hand in her gown. It was the first time he had been allowed to keep her overnight when the regular babysitter was unavailable during her mother’s overnight shift. 
She’d fought and cried and hurt each time. She knew it was wrong and still thought it was her fault. The man’s threat to hurt her mother kept her silent. He raped her for four more years. Who knows how long it would have gone on if she had not gotten pregnant? At twelve she was already contemplating running away. She had been thinking of it when the pain first started. 
Her mother took her to the emergency room when she first noticed her daughter’s pain and heavy bleeding that wouldn’t stop. The young girl was more afraid of the questions about to be asked than the baby her body was rejecting. The doctors knew right away what her mother had not seen or guessed on her own.
Her mother had yelled and raged against the man who had been foolish enough to go to the hospital until she was restrained and later sedated. The girl’s mother had cried for days, weeks, months and apologized endlessly until it was the girl who soothed the mother, whispering how it was going to be okay as she held the older woman’s head in her lap. 
It had ended okay. Life had gone on, but the girl always carried the mark of his touch on her skin. She felt unworthy of love always blaming herself. She felt unclean and undeserving of anything as good and true and pure as love. The string of disastrous relationship, all with older men, in her mid and late teens were proof of it. But things had changed when she turned nineteen. The girl had moved away from the town that knew too much of her. Away from the eyes that always had pity in them. She’d started a new life. She had her own rules. No man would ever use her again. 
The doctor that Christian had wanted me to see was so right, but I’d had seen doctors before. I knew the what, and the why of the problem but knowing didn’t make it better.
 This is what Christian knew was hiding in me like a slow killing cancer.

“My God Elaina how can you stand it?”  Malachi asked.
A recess has been called because I couldn’t stop crying as I told the story for what I swore would be the last time. I’d told it to the hospital staff, social workers, police and finally the judge. I had cried only once. The very first time and with each word, I’d seen a piece of my mother die. She never got over it. She never forgave herself for what she had no control over.  She’d died shortly before my nineteenth birthday. I think she wanted to stay with me until I was old enough to take care of myself. 
“I love you,” I said through the sobs as Malachi held me tight to his chest.  He’s touch was the one I needed. I could feel Christian’s gentle, patient hands in my hair. Soon. Very soon. But right then I needed my sun to warm me. I needed to feel him rage for me, ready to destroy everything in his path for me. 
“I got you beautiful girl,” he said in my hair. 
I could hear the rumbling his chest. The breaths that were cut short and started again as he fought with me. I could feel the storm that was so close to the surface as it built in his body. When the first quake shook his body, he held me so tight he cut my breath off. He was the comfort I was denied as a child by the mother too guilt ridden to offer it. Malachi’s strong arms were the ones that covered me in protection and offered security. Tears fell from his chin onto my face and Christian wiped them away, whispering that I was safe; that I was loved. 
“Damn it Watkins,” I heard Christian say to the lawyer when he came in the room. “How could you do that to her?”
“It was my idea,” I say from Malachi’s chest. I didn’t turn my head and I held him as tightly as he held me. We were holding each other together.
“Why Elaina?” Christian asked.
“She called me and said that she wanted me to be the one to ask. Records would have been sealed because she was a minor but a small town talks. All it would have taken was a trip to her hometown to find out. I know because I sent someone myself. It would have been just as easy for De La Cruz lawyer to do the same thing. She was afraid that lying about it would damage the case. She was quite adamant.” 
“Elaina?” Malachi voice rumbled in his chest. I pressed my face further into his shirt. “Beautiful girl,” he said and held me tighter. “No one will hurt you again. Know that I will die before I let anyone else hurt you,” he said. He breathed deeply and kissed the top of my head. 
Christian was standing behind me rubbing my back and I let go of Malachi and moved into his arms. He sat down and pulled me into his lap. He didn’t let me hide he held my face and looked into my eyes. “You are not alone anymore. We love you. We’ll always love you,” he said wiping the tears away from my cheeks with his thumbs before kissing me on each of my eyelids and then lightly on my lips.

*****

“I’m confident that the judge will give him the maximum sentence. A life sentence,” Mr. Watkins told us. It had taken the jury less than an hour to come back with a guilty verdict. Mr. De La Cruz was still out on bail but had to turn himself in tomorrow.  The bastard had no reason to be free, but he had a substantial amount of money to get squared away before going to prison. 
We were sitting in his office again instead of the conference room. “I can’t believe its over,” I said.
“You were very brave Elaina. You deserve this closure,” he said. He gave me a grandfatherly smile. “I’ll call you when the sentencing hearing is scheduled. You don’t have to be there unless you want to give a statement before the judge gives the ruling.”
We all stood up as we prepared to leave. “Not unless you think he could be sentenced more time,” I said.
“No, it wouldn’t,” he said taking my hand in both of his. “I hear you’re having a girl?” 
“Yes sir,” I said rubbing my stomach.
“There’s nothing more beautiful than a woman in love or one heavy with child.”
I smile at the older man’s compliment. Mr. Watkins had game. That was the most romantic thing I think I’d ever heard.
“Thank you again Watkins.” Christian said taking the man’s hand.
“My pleasure Christian, your parents would be proud.” Mr. Watkins said. “Malachi a pleasure,” he said addressing the other man before he had a chance to speak.
“Sorry for all the yelling,” Malachi said. 
“Not a problem and most understandable.”
John waited for us in the front office. He stood up as we came out of the office and our merry group stood at the front door as good-byes were said again. He held the door opened for us. 

Things happened quickly and in slow motion. All starting with John’s yell. I’m not sure if it was an actual word or just a sound of warning. His hands moved to grab or push me.  I felt a sharp pain in my shoulder and my body swung around from the force of whatever it was that hit me in my upper body. Christian screamed as he reached for my falling body. Malachi was the one that caught me. He was standing closer and slightly behind me. I was lowered to the ground and the panicked faces of my two loves crowded my vision. I saw John waving his arms. 
 I looked at Mr. Watkins and was confused at the sight of the small black hole that appeared in the front of his shirt like magic. Blood exploded from behind him a second before the hole spilled red. I realized he’d been shot. I heard John scream again; not words, I could only make out sounds. I watched as he took his gun out and the flash of the muzzle as he fired. He stopped and motioned to Malachi to move. And then the world caught up and made sense again.

“You have to get out of this doorway Malachi. Now!” John held the gun with two hands. It’s how Wesley taught me to hold a gun. John had a cut on his cheek, cut by flying glass when the first shot was made.  
Christian lifted me in his arms and cradled me close to his body.  I tried to grit my teeth and bite down on the pain in my shoulder but I screamed out as he rushed around the corner, out of sight from the front door with Malachi right behind him, John came last. 
“Let me see Christian,” John said. “Malachi move out of my way.” John pushed his way in front of Malachi. With quick and surprisingly gentle fingers John lifted my body and inspected my wound. “It’s a through and through. Apply pressure on the front and back to stop the bleeding,” he said before moving aside allowing Malachi his place back. He pulled his phone from his pocket and dialed the police. 
“You’re going to be okay,” Christian said.
The pain was excruciating; one octave from unbearable, but I had found my reason to live and I refuse to believe anything other than the happy ending I dreamed about since meeting Malachi and Christian. 
“Stay awake beautiful girl,” Malachi instructed me. 
Had I closed my eyes? I hadn’t noticed. I tried to ignore the volcanic eruption that was taking place in my shoulder; everything I am was focused on keeping the panic at a manageable level through prayer. I closed my eyes and prayd for the life of my baby. 
“Oh God baby, it’s going to be okay. Just hang in there,” Malachi said. “Christian?” 
The single word question broke my heart. I opened my eyes and looked at Christian. I wanted to know the answer to the question that Malachi asked in his name. Was it going to be okay? Christian would surely make it so.
“It’s going to be okay Elaina,” Christian said. 
I could hear sirens in the background as I passed out.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

It was time for some motherfucking get back. John couldn’t remember if he’d ever actually looked forward to killing anyone. He knew he should have taken care of that motherfucker when he and Wesley killed those other two. The explosion had been made to look like a gas leak. The two idiots were still trying to figure out how to get in Christian, Malachi and Elaina’s house. They’d been parked in the same place on the corner when he and Wesley were in their cabin fucking up the lines on the gas stove and heater. When they were done John had taken to a tree and Wesley stayed on the ground as they waited for them to come back. When the two finally came back Wesley had shot them both with tranquilizer darts.  Silent, dead on, quick; they’d fallen without knowing what hit them. John jumped from the tree and helped Wesley pull the bodies in the cabin. They’d already cleared it of the weapons. They’d also found the floor compartment with the computers and took them too. 
The explosion was to their back as they headed to the service road a few miles away. They’d laughed and drank whisky while reminiscing and keeping an eye on De La Cruz. He was on the move by the time they arrived at the house, headed to his little love nest that was now burning down. 
John had been sickened when he first came across the concrete structure behind the cabin. Sound proof and impossible to escape once the steel doors locked you inside. De La Cruz could have kept Elaina there for months, hell, forever. And then there was today. He’d stood weak kneed next to the truck with his hand on the luggage rack to keep from falling and had vomited until he thought his intestines were sure to come pouring out of his mouth. The bastard had shot a pregnant woman. 
Sweet Jesus, the things he wanted to do to that man.
He’d stayed until the ambulance had taken Elaina to the hospital. He didn’t say anything to Christian or Malachi, just got the hell out of the way and hoped no one remembered him. He knew that the two men would know that he was going to serve justice. They had been devastated which only fueled John’s anger. 
He’d spent months with the trio, watched as they loved each other, the two men circling the woman like orbiting planets around a sun. Was it strange...the three of them together? Shit yeah. But no matter what you thought of their lifestyle choices there was no denying the love they had for each other. And in the end, wasn’t that all that matter.  
The phone rang. John picked it up before it was finished with the first ring. 
“They’re fine.” There was a long silence and then he heard, “Go get that motherfucker.” 
“I’m on his ass like stink on shit,” John told Christian. The line went dead. 
John heard the front door open. He didn’t worry about a weapon. No one could get in the house that didn’t belong. He knew who it was. Claire and Sam had left for the hospital shortly after he’d come in and told them what happened. Wesley had already left; gone on another assignment. Christian was at the hospital.
“I’ll be ready in ten minutes.” The silhouette in the door said. He didn’t wait for an answer. He walked away, and he wasn’t wasting any time either. There was pep in that step.
John looked at the monitor. He watched it while he changed and then sat down and waited for the movement to stop. The tracking device on De La Cruz car was headed to the concrete structure that he and Wesley left standing. There was no way to explain a gas leak. There were no lines running to it. John personally wouldn’t have mind just blowing the damned thing up but it would have led to questions. 
He stood up and started strapping on weapons. He had no doubt that Malachi would leave his ass if he wasn’t ready to leave the minute that door opened. He stopped when his eyes looked into the open door across the hall into the nursery. 
The painting had just been finished yesterday.  Elaina had been torn on whether or not to stick with her original plan of mint green and cream stripe, or a go all out and do a straight up little girl’s pink kingdom. She’d explained the logic on the green and cream. She wanted to have another baby right away. The green was a neutral color. Good for a boy or a girl. Christian reply was that she could have ten kids and decorate every room different. If they ran out of space then they’d buy a different house. She could have anything she wanted. Elaina had laughed and said that it was going to be hard work having two babies in two different rooms. Christian countered with he’d hire a battalion of nannies who’s job would be to bring Elaina her children. Elaina said they were going to be too spoiled. Christian had said damned right. 
In the end she’d gone with the pink. Pale pink walls with hand painted details. Along the wall, where the chair railing had been, were lines from fairy-tales on three of the walls in dark mauve. On the other wall a magical forest scene. John swore the woman who had painted the room was the descendent of a long dead master, Michelangelo maybe.
The door opened to the master suite and Malachi stepped out. He was dressed similar to John but didn’t have any weapons. Malachi meant to spill blood with his hands. The two men walked to the truck in silence. There was nothing really to say.
They moved like old dance partners as they made their way through the woods from the parked truck to the concrete structure. Both had watched the small monitor mounted on the dash as it tracked the red dot. De La Cruz had arrived at the destination fifteen minutes before them.
John was impressed with Malachi, who made very little noise. He doubted anyone without a trained ear would have picked up the sounds of the man who had no military training. John signal for Malachi to circle around to the left as he went to the right. They met up just past the ashy remains of the wood cabin. 
“We’ll give him some time to come out or we blow the door.” John expected an argument from Malachi but the man simply turned and watched the door of the concrete building. “You wait near the car. I’ll get closer to the door,” he said.
 The idea was that when De La Cruz came out the building headed for the car it’d give Malachi a chance to jump him. If De La Cruz tried to retreat than he would be there to cut him off.
Malachi hunkered down behind a tree near the bumper of De La Cruz car. John stood on the side of the building closest to the door. Just as John signaled across the yard to Malachi and took a step from behind the door, it opened. John moved back in position. When he heard the door swing close he peeked around the corner. He didn’t notice any weapons on De La Cruz but the man’s back was to him and one hand was not visible. John held position hoping that the unharmed Malachi was not fool enough to attack an armed man.
There was no cover for him to move and get sight on Malachi so he sent up a prayer that the man would use his head. When the shot rang out he knew Malachi hadn’t given a damn about a gun. He was running before the sound from the shot had cleared the air. He saw the gun lying on the ground next to the rear tire of the car. He picked it up and pocketed it. 
De La Cruz was in great shapes but he never had a chance with the younger man. Malachi was built like a damn bodybuilder. It was over before it started.
 De La Cruz tried a roundhouse and was blocked by a forearm the size of a regular man’s calf. Malachi punched the man in the stomach hard enough to knock the air out of him. Bent over, Malachi delivered a perfect uppercut that sent the man’s head snapping back before he went stumbling backwards. De La Cruz didn’t get far. Malachi was on him like white on rice, delivering a double tap to the kidney, sending De La Cruz to his knees. The younger man grabbed his head and brought De La Cruz face to a ready knee. John thought he could feel the man’s nose break, the contact was so brutal. De La Cruz was on his hands and knees. Malachi straddled the man’s back. De La Cruz, realizing the end was imminent, attempted to free himself from Malachi. But Malachi was full of rage. John had no doubt that Malachi saw the terrors the woman he loved had suffered at the hands of the man beneath him flashing before his eyes. He had to die. If for no other reason, than for the attempt on his unborn child’s life.
 Damn right.

EPILOGUE

Jiovanni Hernandez had crossed the American boarder in Texas. A young up and coming assassin. By the age of sixteen, he was already known for his ruthlessness and savagery. He’d killed his childhood friend. He’d also killed his family before leaving, including his eighteen year old bride who was seven months pregnant with his child, a boy. He’d killed five other men who shared a small two bedroom house with him and the original Felix De La Cruz and his wife and children, three little girls.
 He married Elizabeth Marie Hunt. They had no children. Jiovanni Hernandez also known as Felix De La Cruz owned thirty two acres of woodland area where the remains of thirteen women were found. Even from their graves the women were able to testify to the torture they had suffered at the hands of the monster that had caught them. The small concrete building held no evidence, no fingerprints, no blood, and the only fabric samples came from the clothes he’d worn to it the day he died. Not that anyone would have known other than a select few people. 
Felix De La Cruz disappeared. Many in his city said he’d gone back to Mexico, some said he simply moved on. But no one could figure out why he would have left all his money. Elizabeth De La Cruz was once more Elizabeth Hunt. She lives in the house bought and furnished during the fifteen years spent with the man she hadn’t really known at all. It was a very lovely house. 

Once I was Elaina Virginia Freeman. I was raised by a single mother who worked hard to provide for her only child. I’ve never known my biological father and the man I’d called dad scarred me in a way that left me broken long after he was dead and gone. I left my old life. I ran from the memories of what was or could have been. I left that place of pity and loathing and sadness and found a new life. It took me five years, but I did it; in the most unexpected way or as some around these parts said, scandalous way. 
The truth was; what I found in Christian Dubois and Malachi Porter was nothing short of extraordinary. What we found in each other was what fairy-tales were made of. They were my fire and ice, my sun and my moon. They are my world. 
I was once Elaina Freeman, now I’m Elaina Porter-Dubois. The mother of Elizabeth Katherine Porter-Dubois, the biological daughter of Malachi Porter. She was named after our mothers. She was born on a perfect May afternoon, weighing seven pounds and three ounces. With Christian on one side and Malachi on the other, she entered the world surrounded by love. She has her father’s hazel eyes and her mother’s curly hair and Christian’s calm reserve. She’s beautiful and perfect in every way. She has her fathers wrapped around her finger. 

*****
Today was the day we have all agreed to be our anniversary. Christian made breakfast and we ate on the balcony. Just the two of us, Malachi kept our daughter to give us alone time. We sat and read the paper and drank cup after cup of coffee before taking a long bath. It was exactly what we did on the first day I’d stayed in the house.
Malachi took me to our dive for lunch. Everyone asked us about Elizabeth and we told them that she’s at home with Christian, but Malachi had new pictures and he handed them out and they’re quickly posted on the board that proudly displayed an array of photos of the owner’s grandchildren. We were brought a piece of cake to share when they find out we’re celebrating.  
   Claire and Sam offered babysitting services so we could have the night together. We cooked lamb with asparagus and bacon cheddar mashed potato. It was the first meal we shared together. And it was still one of our favorites.  I made what we named Neapolitan Cake. A three layer cake that is made up of our favorites: chocolate for me, lemon for Christian and strawberry for Malachi. Okay, so everything doesn’t fit as perfectly as we do. 
They made love to me. And I had one last surprise for my lovers. As I climbed over Malachi’s chest and reached in the drawer. I felt hands on my body. I knew them. Christian touched the inside of the left thigh and Malachi my right hip. I grabbed my surprise and settled back between my men, holding the surprise tight to my chest for a moment to build the suspense and then whipped it out in front of me. 

If it’s a girl we’ll name her Tallulah Katherine Porter-Dubois. If it’s a boy his name will be Warren Malachi Porter-Dubois.
Have I said how much I love my fucking life?


####









Forward

The man in the faded green, late model sedan watched the woman carry the baby to a luxury SUV. She was already pregnant again even though the one she strapped in still used a rear facing car seat. She kissed the baby; he knew was a girl from all the pink, before getting in the car herself. He started his own car and pulled out behind her as soon as she got to the stop sign at the end of the street. 
Manny had been in town a week. He’d watched her comings and goings. He knew that she shared the house with two men, a house keeper and her husband who on occasion drove the three around town. He had been shocked when he found out that the three of them lived as a family. One woman to two men. He found it hard to believe the two willing to play nice, especially since they were both so independently wealthy. Powerful men seemed less likely to share, or at least that’s what Manny would have thought. Money is often times accompanied by arrogance. But he’d watched the three and damned if it didn’t seem that each man was more than willing to divide their time around the woman. 
She was hot he had to give her that. The long, wavy, dark hair and perfect little body left a man’s dick hard. Hell, he thought he’d share if it meant he could get a piece of that ass. He shifted in his seat and rubbed the beginnings of a troublesome erection as he signaled to turn into the mall. 
Manny found a parking space not too far from her and followed her up the escalator and then to one of the few high end stores in the small mall. Ordinarily she went to work with her men but today he’d watched them leave without her. As he declined a sample of the latest smell good for men he walked pass the woman as she stopped to admire a pair of shoes and set up shop at the watch counter as she was approached by a sales person. She declined the offer for help and went on to the baby department. 
He followed her until she left the mall. Her next stop was to a doctor’s office that could have been for her or the baby she carried and finally she went to her office. She visited with her men and came out about an hour later. He followed her back to the house but drove past as she pulled into the driveway and went to the hotel he’d been staying in for the last week.
Throwing the keys and the keycard on the dresser he sat down at the small round table in the corner. The top was littered with newspaper clippings and photographs. The story was old. Felix De La Cruz, local big-shot contractor missing. Before his disappearance he had been tried and convicted of the brutal assault and rape of Elaina Porter-Dubois, partner of Malachi Porter and Christian Dubois. 
Manny picked up a second newspaper article. It was printed shortly after the birth of the woman’s daughter. The announcement named Malachi Porter as the father. A month after her birth the man had opened a new playground and youth center named after his daughter. Elizabeth Katherine Porter-Dubois Center for Excellence, arrogance at its fullest is what Manny thought as he put the newspaper down. At last his hands found the envelope that held the letters his brother had sent him. 
His brother had been hired for a job. Felix De La Cruz was Jiovanni Hernandez and back in Mexico Jiovanni was not to be fucked with. Even as a young kid he had been ruthless when he came to the states it turned out he was heartless as well. Manny could care less about the man Jiovanni had murdered in order to take a new identity; it was the helpless children that didn’t sit well with him. Those little girls didn’t deserve to die. While the rest of this small city wondered what happened to Felix or Jiovanni or whatever in the hell they called him, Manny hoped that he was dead. He deserved no less for spilling innocent blood. 
Sliding one of the letters free of an envelope and reading it for the thousandth time Manny saw red. His little brother had been in over his head. He’d told him so when Jose called and told him who he was working for. Manny had insisted that Jose live with him when he’d called and told him what he suspected Felix was going to do to the woman when he got his hands on her. He’d begged him when he heard about the little torture shack that Jose picked the lock on. There were some things money should not buy. Then Jose disappeared. 
Funny how his last job had brought the two together after so many years apart, not so funny that his brother was missing and likely dead.  When Manny’s repeated attempts to get in touch with his brother failed he went on the hunt to track him down.  By the time he’d arrived at the last place he knew his brother to be, De La Cruz had made an attempt on the woman’s life and no one had seen him since. He’d discovered that two unidentified men had perished in a fire on property that De La Cruz owned.  Manny had the location of the place Jose had stayed and made a visit. The burnt remains of the wood cabin and the gutted left over’s of the concrete structure gave little clues of what had happened, he hadn’t really thought they would after so much time. Manny searched the area thoroughly for graves first shallow ones and then deeper ones. Nothing. And then he’d seen one John Chambers. Just one photo, not even fully in the frame but he knew then who had killed his brother. 
Manuel Santoya was no different from John Chambers. The two killed for a living and John Chambers had killed Manny’s boss a few years back. At the time he didn’t know the man’s name but he would never forget his face. Manny had been tracking him as he stalked his boss. Not expecting the man to use poison and never figuring out how he slipped it to the boss. After asking around it didn’t take long for Manny to piece together that John was clearly some sort of protection brought in. He’d left shortly after everything went down which only cemented the idea in Manny’s head. Folks said he seemed like an old friend but Manny knew he was hired help regardless of how they treated him. A hired gun that had killed his brother and Manny meant to have revenge. Chambers had left and that was fine with him. He had three aces in the hole to get his ass back here. Manny had plans on killing John Chambers and all he had to do was to get his hands on one of the three to lure him in. 

CHAPTER ONE

Strong hands run across my swollen belly before sliding down between my legs. I am slick from arousal and I roll my hips into the talented fingers of my sun before he takes my breath away when his mouth covers my sex. His tongue held stiff as he flicks the sensitive budand then flat as he licks me repeatedly. I moan as I grab his head and try to pry him away from the spot alight with such insane pleasure. He refuses to move and as he continues his assault on my clit I feel a finger invade the tight confines of my rear. My God, what this man does to me. I am helpless against the cry that escaped my lips. The feeling is too great a thing for something as small as a moan. I try to close my legs and a hand grabs my leg behind the knee and pulls, opening me wider for Malachi’s invading mouth. 
“I love you Elaina.” Christian whispers in my ear. That traitorous bastard.  I open my eyes a second before he lowers his head and kisses me. I release Malachi’s head and run my hands through Christian’s hair instead. 
My legs are spread wide, Christian holding one by the knee and Malachi’s free hand on the thigh of the other. I can only kiss Christian for so long before I arch my back and start panting from the orgasm that is building. Christian kisses a path down my neck and licks one of my nipples before taking it in his mouth. With my head thrown back and pressed hard into the pillow beneath me I grit my teeth against the scream fighting just as hard as my release and I shake beneath my two lovers as my climax takes control of me. 
“Beautiful girl I could eat your sweet pussy all day.” Malachi is ruthless in loving me and he does not give me a second of reprieve. With my body still shaking he enters me in one quick thrust, stretching me, filling me completely. His hips work fast as he drives the full length of his cock inside me. Christian fingers my clit in tight circles and I feel the wave of a second orgasm.
My two loves are skilled. They know my body better than I know it myself. There is not an inch of it that has not been touched by their hands or covered by their mouths. I come a second time as Malachi finds his own release, my sex gripping him, milking him, as his dick jumps inside me. He bends down and kisses me. The kiss is rough, commanding, it owns my mouth as he pushes his tongue pass my lips before biting and then licking them. 
Christian’s touch come whisper soft in the wake of Malachi’s rough one. He is my moon; gentle and patient. His soft hands on my thighs do not force but coax. As Christian eases the thick length of his erection inside me until seated he looks at me with eyes full of love and adoration.
“I love you,” I tell him and exhale at the first slow roll of his hip. “Oh God,” I moaned around Malachi’s mouth.  It should be wrong to call on the Lord but I can’t help myself. I need his mercy for what’s being done to me. Christian having let me catch my breath, thumb now circles my clit in the same speed as his dick’s slow entrance and tortuously slow withdrawal. The softness of Christian is countered by Malachi’s hard licks and suckling of my nipple as he pinches and rolls the other between his fingers. 
Christian grabs both my hips and somewhere in the fog of pleasure that steals my words and stop and restart my breath I know he’s about to come. The thought of me bringing him this pleasure triggers my own orgasm and like always, it is followed by tears. 
“You’re so beautiful,” Christian whispers in my ear before he moves his lips to kiss the tear running down my face. “I love you so much.” His hand makes slow circles around my swollen belly. It is his child I carry now.

The sound of a whimper on the baby monitor next to our bed has Malachi pulling free of me. He was out of the bed lightening quick, at the first sounds of his daughter waking in the other room.
“She’s not awake,” I said in a low voice to the naked man as he reaches for the door. He is in love. His daughter is his world. 
“Sure she is,” he said and I roll my eyes because there’s no stopping him and why should I? Every daughter should be so loved. 
I turn to Christian and kiss him. This kiss matched the man: slow, sensual, gentle and full of a love that speaks of devotion and revel. “I love you Christian.” 
The words never seem to be enough. They’re not strong enough, not powerful enough, to accurately describe how I feel about him. The tears were the only thing that came close. I gave them to him as testament of my love when we are joined in the most intimate and primal way possible. 
He kisses the corner of a still dampened eye before laying his head down next to mine. “How is she today?” He looks down at my stomach and smile. I love the way that he stares down expectantly at my belly.
“You’re going to be very disappointed if it’s a boy,” I said my hand joining his on my stomach. Christian has been calling our child a girl since I pulled out the pregnancy test. It was tricky but the doctor was certain that it was the only shot we had at making sure my next conception was Christian’s, without medical help.
Mainly it consisted of me only having sex with Christian when I was ovulating. I insisted that we increase the time as much as Malachi would allow. Brittney joined us many times in bed in the time it took me to conceive. I’d begun to have a soft spot for the dark haired tiny woman. 
“Well, we’ll find out by the end of the week,” he said and kissed me once more before getting out of bed.
  I yawned as Malachi came back in the room carrying Elizabeth. He climbed into bed and propped his back against the headboard. She’s sound asleep. The child could sleep through battle. Malachi positioned her in his lap pulled the gown up over her chubby legs so that he could kiss her feet. I smiled at them and rubbed Malachi’s arm lazily. It was time to get up and all was well in the Porter-Dubois household.
Christian went around the bed and kissed Elizabeth on her head before heading off for the bathroom. And I drug my body from the bed to follow. We were all going to the office today. 

“Beauty,” Sam called out as I entered the kitchen with Elizabeth in my arms. His nickname had gone over so well that Malachi started calling her it as well. I hand over the baby that has bound our unconventional family. She is loved by her fathers and Claire and Sam are her grandparents. The couple had become more like adoptive parents to the three adults in the house. 
“Claire is everything a go for the fundraiser this weekend?” I asked.
Christian father had been a politician. His mother renowned in town for the fundraisers and party she’d had in the old antebellum and we’d decided to hold a fundraiser for a local man that was running for governor. We were gearing up for a night of excess I have never known; a dinner that included about twenty five people and then a ball afterwards. It was the first party this house had seen since Christian’s parents’ death and it was the talk of the town. I didn’t know if it was the thought of the grand estate holding one of its legendary balls or if people wanted to get a closer look at the three of us and how we’ve made a life for ourselves. 
“Yes I emailed you the final task list,” she said without missing a beat. Claire had been leery of learning to use the computer and tablet I’d purchased but she was a pro. I knew she would be. I needed her help.  Juggling the schedule of two men that are on the top of everyone’s list was a full time job. Oh don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining. My life with them is a modern day fairytale. The only thing missing is a damn crown. 
“You know how much I love you in all white,” Malachi said as he swatted my backside on the way to the fridge. It’s bitter cold outside and I am wearing a pair of thick wool leggings and a cashmere cowl neck sweater dress. I’d pulled my hair up in a high ponytail and besides my rings I am wearing the diamond studs Malachi bought me last year. 
“I do believe you’d love her in anything,” Sam said in between the coo’s he was offering Elizabeth.
“Or nothing,” Christian added from behind his newspaper. Christian statement makes me blush in the presence of Claire. Silly I know, but there are things you just have a hard time getting use to in front of older women. 
“Especially nothing,” Malachi whispered in my ear as he passed behind me on his way to pile his plate with a stack of pancakes. 
“The boys for the valet parking will be here at four-thirty on Saturday and the landscaper will be here Friday at two,” Sam said passing Elizabeth off to Christian. I didn’t have much luck with Sam in my attempts to bring him up to date on modern technology. I didn’t hold it against him. Sam was old school through and through. 
“Momma I’m off to the nursery,” he said to Claire and gave her a quick kiss. It was obvious that the older couple were in love when we hired them but since their time with us I think Christian and Malachi has rubbed off on the older man. When they first moved in they were quite the professionals, now Sam public shows of affections are endearing and makes my heart happy for the couple who have been married for nearly thirty years. And I love how he calls her momma. 
Sam was going down to the local plant nursery to pick out new winter greenery for the yard and to drop off some containers that would have arrangements put in them for the party on Saturday. Friday the official countdown started with the arrival of cleaning crews, decorators and florist joining the landscaping people. 

