Love Wears a Stetson
Wyatt


Love Wears a Stetson Series
Book One

By Anne Marie Beck
I hope you enjoy my new book series “Love Wears a Stetson.” This book series is a little out of the norm for me, but my goal with this series is to show that there is more to individuals than meets the eye. Alpha males, sarcastic, wise asses and headstrong females are not always what they seem. It will show that beneath all the male blustering, wise-cracking and outspoken voices, a warm and caring individuals lives.
I would like to thank my family and fans for all their support without them I wouldn’t be able to do what I love.
Love Anne Marie
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Other titles By Anne Marie Beck
The Preston’s series
Blindsided By Love
A Wedding Melody
Cruising For Love
Love at Lunch
Hero of My Heart
Love Wears a Stetson Series
Wyatt
Jesse
Carson
Josh
The Halfling Kings
The Halfling Kings
Cowboys of the Northwest series
Match Made in Heaven (Novella)
Never Say Never
Double or Nothing
Good Guys Don’t Always Finish Last
His Snow Angel
~*~New Series ~*~
Tropical Escape Series
Tropical Escape
Coming July 2014
Tropical Breeze
Stand-alone Books
Secret of the Full Moon
The Story of Us
Table of Contents

Other Titles by Author
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Epilogue
Preview: Love Wears a Stetson “Jesse”
Preview: Tropical Escape
Love Wears a Stetson

Wyatt
Love Wears a Stetson Series
Book 1
By Anne Marie Beck
Published by Anne Marie Beck at Smashwords
Copyright 08/2012 Anne Marie Beck

~*~ Chapter 1~*~

Kenna was only r ten miles away from home now. A home she hadn’t seen in years. But with everything that had happened to her over the last six months, she had no choice now but to running home to daddy with her tail between her legs. Just a small defeated puppy that life had kicked hard in the butt.
Kenna Jamison could not believe how fast her life had turned to crap. Just last year, she had everything she had ever wanted. Her life had been perfect or at least that was what she had kept telling herself. She had a wonderful career as a personal assistant, she live in a gorgeous mansion, and she was even lucky enough to work for the man she talked herself into believing she loved. Oh yes, She had had it all. She had been on top of the world. But as the saying goes, "what goes up, must come down." And in Kenna’s case, her world had crashed and burned all around her.
No matter how many times she went over it in her mind, she just could not figure out how she had been so blind to the truth? All the warning signs had been screaming at her, but she had chosen to ignore them. No matter how many times they told her something was wrong, she stupidly turned a blind eye to them. To be honest with herself, she had known that her relationship wasn’t going to last. How could it, when she was still in love with someone who didn’t know she even existed. Oh yeah, there was no doubt that she had to be the world’s biggest fool.
Just as she passed a mile marker that indicated to her she was only about ten miles from home, two things happened at once. First her heart started pounding in her chest with anxiety. The thought of having to crawl back home after all these years as a failure almost made her turn the car around. Second, a steady stream of steam started billowing out from under the hood of her piece of crap used car. The steam was quickly followed by the car’s engine clanking, clunking loudly. It did not take her long realized that the pity party she had been starting to throw for herself was now in need of a serious upgraded. Oh yeah, it was now a full-blown pity party gala event.
“Damn, damn, double damn. Why me? Why now? You only had another ten miles to go.”
If she had a stick of dynamite on her, she blow up the piece of crap car. She’d only owned the car for last week a week, buying it specifically for this trip. The car was a huge boat of a vehicle and knew it would hold all her many belongings.
She’d been dreading making this trip, but left with no other avenue to turn; she had no choice. Now, she was running back home to daddy, like some snot-nosed child.
She had broken down and called her dad yesterday, telling him she was coming home. She just conveniently forgot to mention that the visit would be today and was going to be a permanent one. His voice had told her he was suspicious and had questions. But she was glad he had chosen to wait until they were face to face before his interrogation started.
She just had to find a way to tell him that his precious little daughter, the same daughter he was so proud of, had turned out to be the world’s biggest failure?
Coming back home, brought other problems as well. And even though she tried to block him out of her mind, she knew she would have to deal with the world’s most stubborn man eventually. Trouble, wearing a Stetson and cowboy boots is what Wyatt Walker was. Six long years ago, he had been the reason for her moving to California. Yes, he’d been the love of her life all through her teen years. But the fact that he was her brother’s best friend only made things uncomfortable and awkward. He was the only man she had ever wanted to notice her. And he was the one who acted like she didn’t even existed, other than being the annoying little sister of his friend. 
Yeah, moving to California, that had been a great decision. NOT!
Now here she was, only ten miles away from her childhood home, and her car decided to break down right out here in the middle of nowhere. Stranded and out of choices, she picked up her cell phone. As soon as she picked the blasted device up, her heart sank. Her battery had passed away sometime during the early hours this morning. She did her best to give the phone, cell CPR as she turned it off and back on, but there wasn’t even a single spark of life in the blasted thing. There wasn’t any she could call her dad or brother for help.
Yup, life sucks.

~*~  ~*~  ~*~  ~*~

Even though it was early June; the late morning sun was starting to beat down on her old station wagon, changing her old car from a mode of transportation to an oven in just a few minutes. The heat caused sweat to rolling down her forehead, as she struggled to roll down all the windows in an off chance to lower the temperature inside the car that had to be pushing close to a hundred degrees at this point.
Opening the driver’s side door, Kenna stepped out into the blaring sun. Oh yeah, this was so much better. Turning, she slammed the door shut with a lot more force than was necessary. The door bounced back at her, in protest of her abuse and connected with her knee.
Oh yeah, this day just would keep getting better and better.
Totally exasperated to no end, she kicked the door several times, with her good leg. Finally, the door gave up the fight and decided to close. Abusing the car didn’t help the car to run again, but it gave her an outlet for her frustrations. 
Walking around to the front of the car, she opened the hood and stared silently at the engine in confusion. A small stream of steam was still bellowing from the radiator. With her limited knowledge of automotive mechanics, she was lucky she knew what the radiator looked like.
Glancing down the deserted hot Montana road, she swore to herself. It was clear; she might as well make herself comfortable somewhere out of the hot pounding rays of the sun because she knew she was in for a long wait.
After about a half hour in the blaring sun, Kenna finally heard a vehicle coming down the country road. Jumping up from the passenger seat of her old station wagon, she rounded the back of the car. Kenna spotted a large red Ford 4x4, headed straight towards her. If she were not so dehydrated from the heat, she would have wept with joy. 
The truck was splattered with mud a sure sign; the truck was local. Maybe she would be in luck for the first time in months and know the driver. She stepped to the side of the road and started waving her arms like a mad woman above her head. She just prayed that she would be able to draw the driver’s attention.
As the truck passed by her, it began to slow down. If she had had any energy left in her, she would have started to jump for joy when the truck stopped just passed her hunk of broken down junk. Kenna sent up a big thank you to the heavens above, as she watched the driver’s door open. She watched a tall cowboy step out of the cab and stepped onto the gravel that lined the edge of the country road. The only thing she could see at this point was a black Stetson making its way around the driver side of the large extended cab truck.
Once the cowboy rounded the back of his truck, she could see he was not just tall, he was TALL. He stood at least six foot four. His wore a light blue button down western-styled shirt that Kenna couldn’t help but notice showed off his broad shoulders and all his well-defined muscles across his chest.
Damn!
Swallowing hard, she let her gaze travel down his body so could take in his well-worn blue jeans that had to be tailored just for him.
Oh yeah, this was one drool worthy cowboy.
Kenna took in a deep breath as she struggled to calm her screaming hormones. Cowboy’s, they were her biggest weakness. And the one in front of her with his curls of dark blond, hair stick from under the edge of his black Stetson was the best she had ever seen.
As her savior in a Stetson stepped closer to her, he tipped his hat on his forehead with his fingertips in a way only a true cowboy can do. He eyed her for a moment before moving past her and walking over to the front of her car.
“I take it that you’re having a bit of car trouble, miss?”
Okay… why did that voice sound so familiar? Kenna knew she had heard it before, but where?
“Yes, steam started coming out from under the hood, and then a moment later it was making this terrible clanking noise. I pulled it over to the side of the road as soon as I could, and the engine just died. I don’t have any idea what’s wrong with it.”
He tipped his head at her in a curious way when she started to talk and gave her one more long look. Within a few moments, a smile the size of Montana spread across his face. He pushed his Stetson up a little higher on his forehead.
“Kenna? Kenna Jamison? Is that you?”
Kenna studied the cowboy standing in front of her. It felt like recognition had slapped her in the face. Of all the people that live in Butte, Montana, her rescuer had to be Wyatt Walker. 
Oh yeah, she knew this was going to be a red letter day, and it was getting better by the moment.
She did her best to be polite and nonchalant.
“Wyatt?”
A smile broke across his face that had her heart fluttering as he made his way towards her. Before she knew what he intended to do, he picked her up into his large muscular arms, for a bone crushing hug. Then swung her around in a large circle, like she weighed nothing at all. When he finally sat her back down on her feet, he took a step back and took a hold of the tops of her shoulders. 
“Well, aren’t you just a sight for sore eyes, darlin. It’s been what five, no, wait, six years since I’ve laid eyes on you. Do your dad and Carson know you’re in the town?”
“I called him yesterday, so he knows I’m on my way, but he has no idea I’m this close. My cell phone battery died early this morning, and I wasn’t able to call him or anyone else for help.”
“Well, your car has overheated. From the amount of anti-freeze under the radiator and engine, it doesn’t look like you’ll be driving it anytime soon. Let me give you a ride to your dad’s place. If you give me your keys, I’ll come back with Jesse or Carson, and we’ll tow it back to my mom’s place. When Josh comes back tomorrow, I’ll have him take a look at it for you.”
Wyatt turned and walked around the driver’s side of Kenna’s car. That was when he got his first good look at all the boxes that was pack in Kenna’s car. 
“Wyatt, you don’t have to do that. Just let me borrow your cell phone, and I’ll just call dad to…”
“Darlin, I refuse to leave you standing on the side of the road. I’m not taking no for an answer on this, Kenna. After we get the car to the ranch, I’ll load your things in my truck and bring them over to your dad’s place. It’s no great hardship Kenna; I promise you. Our parent’s ranches are right next to each other. It’s not a big deal; I swear. Why don’t you go get what you need out of the car for right now we’ll lock up your car, so I can get you home?”
“Wyatt Walker, you are not the boss of me anymore. Let me call my dad and…aarrgghh.”
Wyatt stepped forward to stand before her and before Kenna knew what his intentions were, he put his shoulder into her stomach and hefted her up into the air. Hanging upside down, she got an up-close and personal look at Wyatt Walker’s backside. The next thing Kenna knew, Wyatt had turned on his heels and was heading straight for his truck. Carrying Kenna like a sack of grain
“Wyatt Walker, you put me down right this minute. Do you hear me, right this minute?”
Kenna started pounding on Wyatt’s back and butt with her fists. This proved to have little to no effect on him, except to amusement him. Wyatt had given a deep chuckle, right before she heard a smack, at the same time she felt a sharp sting on her own butt.
“Kenna Jamison, you stop it, right now, or I’ll turn you over my knee and paddle your behind. Do you understand me, young lady?”
“I’m not a child anymore, Wyatt. I’m 24 years old. I’m a grown woman, now put me down.”

~*~ Chapter 2~*~

The drive seemed like it was taking forever. All Kenna wanted was to be out of this truck and somewhere other than sitting right next to this man who infuriated her to no end. She hated the way he’d always treated her like she was nothing but the bratty baby sister of his best friend. Yup, her pity party was definitely a formal event now.
She couldn’t wait until she could crawl into her childhood bed and stay there for days, weeks even. Until this past year and Wyatt Walker distant memories
Her family home was going to be her oasis in the sea of unending problems. She could almost feel her Dad and her brother Carson getting closer. Just thinking about Carson, and her childhood home put a smile on her face. Carson, unlike the arrogant jerk sitting next to her, had always treated her like an adult. It's been three long years since she’d spent any time with Carson. They had always been close since they were only two years apart
As teenagers, they’d even hung out with the same circle of friends, and yes that included Wyatt. Wyatt had been Carson’s best friend since they were old enough to walk and he had even been like a second brother to her until she reached the age of around twelve, that had been when things had changed.
In her teen years, Wyatt had become her constant tormentor, and it seemed to her that he was picking up, where he had left off.
For six long years, she tried to get Wyatt to see who she was and not his best friends baby sister. Finally having had enough, at eighteen, she packed her bags and ran away from Wyatt and Montana as fast as she could go.
She had not stopped running until she found her way to California. She had done her best to escape her feelings for Wyatt, feelings that he would never return. She knew in her heart that Wyatt would never see her as anything more than his best friend’s baby sister.
Kenna refocused her attention back out the window. She immediately realized they were driving down the long gravel driveway to her family’s ranch. The only true home Kenna had ever known.
Wyatt pulled his truck up in front of the large white ranch house. Kenna didn’t wait for Wyatt to stop the truck before she bolted out the passenger door. She made the stubborn man knew just how irritated she was when she slammed the passenger door shut. 
She had only made it three steps before the front door burst open, and her dad and brother came hurrying out onto the large wrap around porch. Carson was the first one off the porch and in front of her in two steps.
Carson wasted no time grabbing Kenna up in a fierce bear hug. She knew if he didn’t release her soon, she would have bruised a rib, from his tight embrace.
“Hey Lil’ sis, it’s about time you came to see us. We were starting to think you had forgotten all about us, or something.”
“I’ve missed you too, Carson. It feels good to be home.”
“Hey Jack, Carson. Kenna’s car broke down about ten miles down the road, so I talked her into letting me give her a ride home.”
Kenna was hugging her dad when Wyatt started to give everyone a Kenna update. Having all she could take of his attitude, she whirled on her heels. With fists on her hips, she stepped to the man who had appointed himself as her keeper
“Excuse me? I told you no, about the ride home. What do you mean, you talk me into? You picked me up like a sack of grain and threw me over your shoulder. Oh and let’s not forget you slapping my ass, when I tried to get you to put me down. If that is your idea of talking, then yes, I guess you did talk me into it!”
Jack, Kenna’s dad, and Carson just stood there staring. They both fought the need to laugh at the two people in front of them.
“Well darlin’, you were acting pigheaded and stubborn about the whole issue of me driving you home. I wouldn’t have had to do those things if you had just been reasonable. I swear you’re like your ten years old sometimes, Kenna. I don’t understand why you have to fight with me over every little thing.”
“Oh no, you did not just go there, mister. Pigheaded and stubborn! Is that what you just called me? You are the bossiest, most arrogant man I’ve ever known, Wyatt Walker. All I asked for was to borrow your cell phone, so I could call my dad. But nooo, you couldn’t do that, could you? You had to take charge, like always.”
Carson turned to his dad and started laughing as he spoke.
“Well dad, it seems like some things never change, huh?”
Kenna overheard Carson speaking to their father and shot both the men in her life an irritated glare.
“Yeah son, I feel like we just went through a time warp. We’ve gone back about six years. I'm hoping soon these two will come to their senses and figure out what the true problem is between them. But knowing these two, it won’t happen anytime soon.”
Wyatt glanced over Kenna’s shoulder to address his best friend.
“Carson, you want to follow me back to Kenna’s car and help me tow it back to my mom’s place? I’ll have Josh take a look at it after he gets back from Helena tomorrow…”
“No, you won’t. I can deal with my own car. Thanks, but no thanks, Wyatt.”
“Yes, I will! Kenna, sometimes other people do know best, but your stubborn ass will never admit that.”
Wyatt glared at the most stubborn woman he had ever met. Sighing, he turned his gaze towards the heavens.
Please give me the strength to deal with this girl.
He had no idea why Kenna always had to fight him, about every little thing? 
Wyatt knew that Kenna had been right on one issue, though; she was no longer a little girl anymore. He learned that when he tossed her over his shoulder, and all her grown-up, womanly curves sat snuggled against his body. He knew smacking her butt, even though she deserved it, had been a huge mistake. Now he couldn’t get the feel of her tight little butt out of his mind. Oh yeah, Little Kenna Jamison had grown up and in all the right places. Wyatt had to chastise himself for the direction his thoughts were wondering. Kenna was off limits, after all she was his best friend’s little sister. He knew he could never cross that line.
It was then, Carson decided it was time to break up the morning’s entertainment as he walked his way over to the fighting couple.
“Kenna, stop being so rude to Wyatt. He’s only trying to help you, is all. Cut the man some slack.”
“Oh, it figures! I should have known you would take his side in this, Carson. You’ve always taken his side on everything. Dad, tell them I’m quite capable of taking care of myself.”
“Sweetheart, on this issue I think they’re right. You're being a little bit unreasonable. It’s clear that Wyatt is only trying to help you out, honey. Please, just let the boys take care of your car for you. You can come in the house and keep me company while they deal with it. I think you and I need to have a little chat about what’s going on with you, don’t you?”
“Grrrrrr, men! You’re all unbelievable!”
Wyatt couldn’t believe his ears; Kenna growled at all three of them, as she stomped her right foot like a three-year-old. Glaring at all three of them, she ran up the steps to the porch. He listened to her muttering under her breath to herself about bossy, arrogant men and how they all sucked. Soon she was slamming the screen door shut, just in case they missed the point that she was mad as a wet hen.
Wyatt took off his Stetson and slapped it against his blue jean covered thigh. He ran his fingers through his hair, before roughly returning the hat back to his head.
Looking towards Carson and Jack, all he could do was shake his head in stunned frustration. Jack walked over and placed a hand on top of his shoulder, in a reassuring manner.
“Wyatt, I think Kenna is going through a little bit of a rough patch right now. We’re all going to have to be a little patient with her while she’s here visiting.”
“Jack, if that’s the case, she’s been going through a little bit of a rough patch for almost eleven years. I’m used to it, but I figured she would have outgrown it by now. And another thing, Jack; I don’t think Kenna has come home for just a visit. I think she’s moving back home, for good. She was driving an old beat up station wagon. It was completely loaded down with what looked like everything she owns. Did something happen? I thought she was happy living in California. Last I heard she had some rich boyfriend that she lived with and worked for. I wonder what’s happened.”
Jack turned a questioning look towards his son.
“Carson, did Kenna say anything to you, about what’s going on?”
“Yeah, she told me some of what was happening. To make a long story short, her whole life has fallen apart. You know her boss, that guy named Mason, she moved in with him last year. Well, about six or seven months ago, she found out the hard way that he was still married and not divorced, as he told her. I guess he had no intention of divorcing his wife. From what she said, she came home early one evening from the gym and caught Mason in bed with his wife. I guess Mason and his wife decided to give their marriage another go and never bothered to let Kenna in on what they had decided. She lost her job, forced to move out of his home. She found a cheap apartment and tried to find a new job. But the job market there stinks right now, so she’s been living on unemployment and her savings, since then. I told her I would send her some money, but you know Kenna.”
Wyatt listened to Carson as he explained what had been going on with Kenna. At this moment, all he wanted to do was track down this Mason asshole and beat the shit out of him, for what he had done to her. His heart went out to her for what she had been through.
Kenna had been through so much, and all he had done since running into her today was to boss her around. But with Kenna, for some reason since she turned the age of around thirteen or fourteen, it didn’t take much, for him to piss her off. To this day, he still didn’t have any idea why she was always so touchy around him. He had tried to be her friend / adopted big brother, but for some reason that only made her madder. 
“Hey, Bro, snap out of it. You ready to go get Kenna’s car?”
“What? Oh yeah, the car. We’ll need to stop by my place to pick up the tow strap.”
“Well, let’s get a move on then. We’re wasting daylight.”
“Sure.”
“Okay, you boys be careful towing her car back. I’m going to go into the house and try to calm her down some.”
Wyatt watched as Jack climb the stairs. He stopped and took a deep breath, before opening the door. Kenna’s dad looked like he was about ready to face a firing squad and not his angry daughter. 

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Twenty minutes later, they had secured the tow strap to the front of Kenna’s car. Wyatt couldn’t believe she had driven this old hunk of junk station wagon all the way from California to Montana. Wyatt hoped it was only a blown radiator hose and not something more serious, like a cracked head or blown head gasket.
“Wyatt, I don’t think my sister could have gotten much more into this car, do you? Let me put a few of these boxes in the back of your truck, so I’ll be able to see out the back window.”
After loading about a dozen boxes into the back of Wyatt’s truck, they were finally on their way. It was slow going, but a half an hour later, they arrived at the Walker family ranch. Wyatt pulled Kenna's car around the back of the house, parking the car next to the barn. It only took a few minutes to unload Kenna’s into the back of Wyatt’s truck. Leaning on the side of his truck, Wyatt took off his Stetson. Wiped the sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief from his back pocket. Returning his hat to head, he looked Carson in the eyes, before he addressed his best friend.
“Carson, can I ask you something? Why does Kenna hate me so much? I’ve tried my best to be a good friend and second big brother to her. I’ve done my damnedest to look out for her, but all she does is fight me, every step of the way. I’m at a total loss here bro when it comes to figuring out your sister.”
Carson busted out in a fit of laughter. Wyatt narrowed his eyes and glared at his best friend. Soon, Carson was clearing his throat and tried to collect himself as best he could.
“Wyatt, you’re kidding me, right? You have no clue to what is going on, do you?”
“Damn it, Carson, I wouldn’t have asked if I already knew the answer.”
Carson cleared his throat again and looked at him with a duh look on his face.
“Wyatt, I never would have thought of you as dense, but I’m beginning to wonder about you. How could you not have noticed my sister, literally, fighting to get you to notice her? She wants you to see her as a woman and not as a child anymore? All she has ever wanted from you was for you to just see her, for her and not your best friend’s baby sister. Wyatt, how could you not know that she has had a major crush on you since she was about thirteen? She has done everything she could think of to get your attention. But all you saw when you looked at her, was that snot nosed brat, wearing pigtails and tagging along with us to make our life crazy.”
“What? No way!”
“Way, bro.”
Wyatt just stood there staring at Carson. Wondering how he had missed all the signs? The thought of Kenna in any other way other than his best friend kid sister had never been an option for him. He would have never thought of breaking that unwritten rule. Friends don’t mess with their best friend’s sisters.
“Well, that was then, Carson. What’s her problem with me now? I mean today, I was just helping her out, and she went off on me.”
Carson took off his Stetson and smacked his best friend on his best friend on the head with it. Wyatt glared at him.
“What the hell did you do that for?”
“Wake up, Wyatt. Damn. It’s a clear case of, same crap, different day.”
“No, it can’t be.”
“Well, you know, there is a way you could check and see if I’m right. You could start treating her like a woman that she is and not my kid sister. You could even ask her to go out to dinner or something.”
“But she’s your sister. I’d be crossing that line.”
“Well bro, I don’t know about you, but I’m tired of the two of you fighting all the time. If you want to ask her out, you have my blessing, unless, you don’t have those sorts of feelings for her.”
Wyatt removed his hat and ran his fingers through his hair once again. Could he allow himself to cross that line? Could he think of Kenna in a way that was Carson’s kid sister? Hell yeah, he could. In fact, he could still feel her curves pressed up against his shoulder and back.
“Okay bro, I’ll try and treat her differently and see if that works. If it does, then I’ll think about asking her out.”

~*~ Chapter 3 ~*~

After her intense talk with her dad, Kenna went upstairs and took a long refreshing shower. She was hot and sticky from her driving ordeal and just needed to cool down and relax for a short time. After she had finished, she walked down the stairs wrapped in her dad’s large terry cloth bathrobe. Sitting in her old seat at the kitchen table, she finished combing her still wet hair.
Her dad stepped into the kitchen and went straight over to the cupboards. Within a few moment, Jack sat a large glass full of ice and sweet tea down in front of her. Thanking her him, she proceeded to take a large swallow and enjoyed the way the ice cold, sweet liquid cooled her insides. 
The front screen door squeaked, and Kenna’s body tensed as she heard several pairs of boots heading toward the kitchen. The next thing she knew, Carson and Wyatt were standing in the kitchen off to her right. Carson stared at the glass of tea sitting on the table in front of her. Before she knew what he was about to do, he reached out to swipe her glass. Reaching out, she slapped the back of Carson's hand before he could make contact with the glass. This only caused him to give her a playful pout.
"Hey! Get your own glass!"
“Fine, be mean and not share. Dad, is there any more of that sweet tea left? It’s getting hot out there.”
“Sure it’s in the fridge, you boys help yourself.”
Wyatt hadn’t said a word since he walked into the house, and Kenna was thankful for that small favor. She watched as Carson went to the fridge and loaded up two glasses with ice and then filled them with the sweet amber liquid. He walked back to Wyatt and handed him a glass.
For several moments, the kitchen was silent, except for the clinking of the ice in everyone glasses. Kenna glanced at Wyatt out of the corner of her eye and noticed that something was off with him. Gone was the cocky, self-assured man he had always been. She couldn’t help but think he looked slightly nervous. And what confused her even more was that Carson seemed to find Wyatt’s uneasiness humorous.
When Wyatt had finished his sweet tea, he set the glass in the sink. Turning towards Kenna, he reached into his pocket and pulled something out. With an outstretched hand, he handed her, her car keys.
“Here’s your car keys, Kenna. If you want Josh to take a look at it tomorrow, I’ll come back over and get them from you. If you want someone else to work on it, just let me know, so I can open the gate for them to get into the back area. We have all your things in the back of my truck, umm….would it be okay if I bring them in or would you like to do it yourself?”
Kenna looked up at Wyatt in surprise. For the first time, something was different about Wyatt. Gone was the bossy, arrogant man from just an hour ago. This new Wyatt somehow seemed a little uncertain and almost shy in his interaction with her. This whole situation was becoming stranger by the second.
“Thank you, Wyatt. Oh, and thank you too, Carson. If you wouldn’t mind, you could just place the boxes in the living room. I’ve got to dig out some clothes before I do anything else. I can unpack the boxes tonight when I get a chance.”
Kenna handed the keys back to Wyatt.
“Here you might as well keep my keys. I would appreciate it if Josh could take a look at it and see if it’s worth fixing.”
“Sure thing darlin,' whatever you want.”
Wyatt took the keys back when she offered them to him. Before she knew what she was doing, and before she could stop herself, she smiled at him. She glanced at Carson, as he walked towards Wyatt, wearing a smug expression on his face. Kenna watched as her brother slapped Wyatt on the back, and then he gave Wyatt a look that told Kenna she was missing something important. The look on Wyatt’s face was even strange now, and he seemed almost embarrassed.
“Okay bro, let’s go get my sis’ boxes brought in, so she’s not running around half naked. Sis, which one's have your clothes in them?”
“If you could just bring in the two suitcases first, that would be great. They have most of my clothes in them. Thanks.”
“You got it.”
Carson and Wyatt walked out of the kitchen and the next thing she heard was the squeak of the screen door as they walked back outside. Kenna looked up at her dad, and he was wearing a puzzled look on his face, as well.
“What?”
“I’m not sure. But I think that is a first. Wyatt and you in the same room together for more than two minutes that you weren’t at each other’s throats. It was kind of…”
“Nice?”
“Weird, was the word I was searching for.”
Jack walked out of the room chuckling to himself as he stepped out the front door to help with the unloading of her belongings.
Kenna thought about what her dad had said, and she realized he was right. It was weird. Wyatt wasn’t being bossy or pigheaded, that was strange enough, but now he was treating her like an adult. The whole situation was freaking her out. He was actual acting like what she thought and wanted really mattered. What is up with that?
Once again, Kenna heard the screen door squeak. A moment later Wyatt stepped into the kitchen carrying her two large suitcases. He stopped in front of her but never sat the suitcases down.
“Is it okay, if I take these up to your room?”
“That would be great, thanks. Let me show you which one is mine.”
Kenna stood up from the kitchen chair she was seated in and made her way to the stairs that lead to the second floor. She had only taken about five steps when Wyatt cleared his throat. She turned around to look at him and noticed he was looking down at the ground, and he refused to lift his head up to make eye contact with her.
“Wyatt, what’s wrong?”
Umm, Kenna, you might want me to go first. When you walk up those steps in that bathrobe, it leaves nothing to the imagination. It shifts up when you take a step.”
OH. MY. GOD!
Kenna could feel herself turning red from head to toe. She pulled the bathrobe close to her and put her back to the wall, to let Wyatt pass by her. She cleared her throat.
“Wyatt, I didn’t realize it was doing that. I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to give you a peep show.”
“Darlin’, don’t be sorry, I’m not. It was the best view; I’ve ever seen.”
He gave her a wink and passed by her on the stairs. Kenna stood there for a moment, trying to collect herself.
What? Did Wyatt Walker just…flirt with her? No, it can’t be possible.
She had to force her legs to start moving again as she tried to calm her pounding heart. Following behind him up the stairs, she knew exactly what he had been talking about, now. Because right in front of her face was the best looking jean clad butt, she had ever laid eyes on. She was staring so hard that when Wyatt stopped, she almost ran into him. She walked passed him, to lead the way down the hall and directed him to her old bedroom. She opened the door and stepped out of the way, to allow him to enter first. Wyatt sat her suitcases down at the end of the bed and looked around her room.
“Wow, this room is like a teenager’s time warp. Look at that there, your homecoming queen’s crown and check out those posters on the wall. Is that Ricky Martin?”
Kenna knew she must be as red as a tomato as he stepped over to her night stand. Glancing down, he picked something up and froze as his gaze lingered on the item. Kenna froze in horror as she realized what he had in his hands. The 5” x 7” silver frame that she had always kept right next to her bed on her nightstand. The photo it held was a picture of Wyatt. She had taken the picture at Wyatt and Carson graduation party at the Walker ranch. Mary Lu Walker, Wyatt’s mom, had thrown them a graduation BBQ. Wyatt had been clowning around for her. doing a muscle man pose and generally hamming it up for the camera.
“Is that me?”
Kenna was at a loss on how to reply to the question. But she soon realized that this was her chance to make Wyatt understand what her feelings had been for him.
“Yes”
“Carson was right.”
Wyatt just stood there for several moments staring at the photo, like he was in shock or something.
“Carson was right about what? Wyatt, that was years ago. Just a silly teenage girl’s crush, that’s all.”
“Why didn’t you ever say something to me about it?”
“Wyatt, I tried everything I could think of to get your attention. I know now that I’ll never be nothing more than Carson’s kid sister to you, no matter how old I am.”
Wyatt replaced the picture frame to its spot on the nightstand. Turning, he walked to stand before her. Reaching out he brushed a strand of wet hair out of her face as he studied her face closely.
“That’s not true, Kenna. People can change. I can change.”
He brushed the back of his fingers against her cheek, before stepping around her and making his way out of her bedroom. She was so stunned by his words and actions that she was unable to move for several moments. His words played over and over in her mind as she tried to understand his true meaning.

~*~ Chapter 4 ~*~

How could he have been so blind? Had it been right there in front of his face the whole entire time?
He knew there had been a point about ten years ago, when their relationship had changed, but it never dawned on him, why.
He had watched her mature and grow into a beautiful young woman right before his eyes. And when she had started dating, it seemed like their fights became more and more frequent. As he looked back, he realized that was his fault. He had become a bossy, arrogant jerk. Now, it was all too clear; he had been jealous of all those guys that had the privilege of dating her.
He cursed himself for being such an idiot. Also for keeping his feelings for Kenna bottled up, deep inside himself. He’d been too afraid of crossing that line with his friendship with Carson, to take a chance. Now he realized he had been a stubborn fool for too many years.
“Wyatt, bro, are you okay?”
Wyatt saw a hand waving in front of his face and realized that he was back at his truck already. Carson was standing there looking at his best friend with concern. Wyatt took off his hat and ran his fingers through his hair, yet again. It was becoming a bad habit when dealing with Kenna. After he had returned the hat to his head, he took a deep breath and answered the question that Carson had asked.
“You were right, Carson. You were right about everything. I’ve been a fool for so many years. I’ve also been lying to myself about my own feelings for Kenna.”
“I knew it!”
Carson pumped his fist in the air over his victory.
“What are you two boys babbling about? These boxes won’t unload themselves, you know.”
“Check this out dad. Wyatt just figured out that Kenna has had a crush on him for years. And he just figured out that he’s had feeling for her too. Well, I guess better late, then never.”
“So, you both are just now figuring this all out, are you? I’ve known all that, for years. Geez, a blind man could have seen it. She used to follow you around like a puppy dog, doing everything she could think of to get your attention. Then about the time, Kenna started dating, you became her second father, telling her, who she could see and what she could wear. Wyatt, don’t you think the two of you have wasted enough time? What I think you need to do is take the bull by the horns, so to speak.”
“But, she’s just gotten out of a bad relationship Jack. I don’t think she’s ready.”
“Wyatt that was over six months ago. I think you’re just what she needs. You’re a good man; you’ll treat her right and won’t jerk her around like that scumbag in California did. Just think about it, but if I were you, I wouldn’t think too long.”
“You’re right, Jack. Give me a few days to think about it. The Last thing I want to do, is jump into a relationship with Kenna before she’s ready. I don’t want to see her hurt again.”
“That’s wise, and that’s how I know you’re the right man for my little girl.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Pulling up to the back of his mom’s ranch house that he has called home all his life, Wyatt parked his truck and walked through the back door. The back door opened up first to a mud room; then the large country styled kitchen. Wyatt sat the tractor part that he had bought in Butte this morning, on the counter, then went to the fridge to heat up some lunch. It was three in the afternoon and with all that had happened over the last four hours, he hadn’t gotten a chance to eat.
Wyatt had just placed his plate of leftover steak and potatoes into the microwave when Jesse walked through the back door. He looked at the counter where Wyatt had sat their old tractor’s new fuel pump, then gave him a frown.
“What the hell, Wyatt? Did you get lost or something going into town? I’ve been waiting for you for over five hours. Where the hell have you been?”
“Sorry Jess, I got side tracked with a sort of an emergency.”
“What sort of emergency?”
“Well, I was on my home from picking up the fuel pump, when about ten miles from here, I spotted a car broken down on the side of the road. The woman flagged me down, and you know me, I couldn’t just leave her there on the side of the road. Anyway, I stopped to help her and when I got out to look at her car. I realized who she was. Sorry, but I got a little tied up, what with taking her home and helping tow her car here. I’m hoping Josh could take a look at it tomorrow when he gets back.”
“Is that old station wagon over by the barn? I noticed the California plates?”
“Yeah, she was moving back home, and I had to unload her car and take her stuff to her dad’s place.”
“Well, are you going to tell me who this mystery woman is or is it top secret?”
Wyatt walked over to the microwave and took out his plate. He sat down and cut up his steak before answering his aggravating brother.
“It belongs to, Kenna Jamison.”
“What, she moved back home? I haven’t seen her in years. How does she look? Did she ask about me?”
“Jess, you had one date. What, like ten years ago? If you dig deep into your memory, this was the same date you tried so hard to keep a secret from me. The same date that caused you to get your ass kicked, by me.”
“Yeah, but we’re both adults now. Maybe she’ll go out with…”
“No!”
Wyatt slammed his fork down on his plate with a loud clank. In the blink of an eye, he directly in Jesse’s shocked face.
“The reason that you got your ass handed to you the last time by me was you tried to kiss her. I can’t even imagine, what you’d have in mind for her now, but it’s not happening. Do you understand me?”
“Wow, calm down bro, what’s up with the attitude?”
“First of all, I know how you are with women. Second of all, she is just coming out of a bad relationship, a few months ago. The last thing she needs is you sniffing around her like she’s a dog in heat.”
“Okay, okay. I’ll keep my distance. But I think it’s something more than what you just said. You finally figured it out, didn’t you?”
Wyatt turned on his heels and walked back over to his lunch and started eating again. Jesse walked over to Wyatt and just stared at him. Finally, Wyatt had no choice but to answer him, so he would leave him alone.
“Figured what out?”
“That you’ve both had feelings for each other for years.
“What, did everyone in the whole damn world know about this? I mean how could Kenna and I go through years of being around each other and not have a clue about how we felt about each other? But yet everyone else seems to have known.”
“That ass whooping you gave me when I was sixteen, was a big enough clue for me.”
“Yeah well, you try and ask her out again, and there will be another to match the first.”

~*~ Chapter 5 ~*~

Kenna snuggled down deep into her comforter, doing the best to go back to sleep. Sunshine and the raising temperatures were pouring into her bedroom. There was no doubt in her mind that she would never get back to sleep. If she didn't get blinds for her windows, she would never be able to sleep in again.
She pulled the comforter over her head. From her little cocoon of darkness, she heard the phone downstairs start to ring. She pulled the pillow over her head to block out the intrusive sound. After the fourth ring, the phone fell silent. She started to get cozy again, and her body began to relax. Sleep was pulling hard at her.
Just as she was about to give into slumber, something more irritating than a ringing phone, jarred her awake. Carson’s irritating voice call up the stairs to her to make sure there would be no more sleep for her this morning.
“KENNA, PHONE!”
“GRRRR, OKAY, OKAY, I”LL BE THERE IN A MINUTE. WHO IS IT?”
“ITS, MARY LU WALKER.”
“OKAY.”
Kenna stumbled out of bed, grabbed her bathrobe off the chair in front of her desk and headed down the stairs to the hall phone. It was obvious that her dad had never heard of this new invention called a “cordless phone.” She stepped over to the small table in the hallway, between the foyer and the kitchen. She picked up the heavy handset of the old fashion phone and lifted it to her ear.
“Hello?”
“Kenna, sweetie, it’s Mary Lu Walker. The reason I’m calling is, I wanted to invite you and your family over for a barbecue Saturday afternoon.”
“I’m not sure Mary Lu, but I’ll ask dad and Carson. I’ll let you know later today.”
“Great, we’re butchering a few of our hogs, Friday, and the boys thought it would be fun to put a half a pig in a pit in the back yard. So they are going to take care of that Friday night. If you want to come, remember your bathing suit, because we put in a large inground hot tub a few years back.
“Okay, Mary Lu, I’ll find out and let you know? You have a great day.”
“You too dear, talk to you soon.”
After she had hung up the phone with Mary Lu, Kenna followed the aroma of freshly brewed coffee floating through the air. The alluring scent pulled her straight to the kitchen. If she was going to survive this early morning, she realized that she would need a serious caffeine fix.
She found Carson sitting at the kitchen table, sipping his mug of coffee. Walking over to the cupboard, she retrieved her favorite coffee mug that had been hers alone for years now. The cute bright pink mug had fluffy little bunnies all around it. She filled her mug with her dad’s wonderful tasting coffee and walked back over to the table. Pulling a chair out, she took her usual seat. Some things never change.
“What did Mary Lu, want?”
She had only managed to take one sip before Carson started inquiring about the phone call
“The boys are roasting a half a pig in a pit Friday night, and they want us to come over Saturday afternoon for a barbecue. I told her; I’d have to talk to you and dad, and then I would call her back later today. She also said to pack your swimsuit.”
“Oh, that hot tub of theirs is cool. It’s an in-ground type, and it can hold like fifteen people. Dad seems to really enjoy it.”
With a wink and a chuckle, Carson picked up his coffee and took a large swallow. What was with everyone around here? She’d only been gone for a few years, and it seemed like everyone had gone nuts or something?
Carson finished up his coffee and head out the back door, so he could their father with the morning chores.
Kenna made herself a quick breakfast of peanut butter toast and another cup of coffee. Once finished with her meager breakfast, Kenna went straight to the living room. She began the chore of unpacking her boxes. Most of it was knick-knacks and, etc.. Those would go into the storage area, in the loft of the barn. She unpacked all her personal items like her flat iron, clothing accessories, purses, and shoes. Then took them upstairs to put away in her room.
Before she knew it, her dad and Carson were walking through the back door, for lunch.
Kenna hurried into the kitchen and set about making their lunch of tuna melts and homemade tomato soup.
“Kenna, I heard Mary Lu called this morning about a barbecue Saturday. Do you feel like going, it seems like it might be fun, and they have a huge hot tub now, too?”
“I guess if you want to go, dad. I can always walk home if I want to go home early.”
“Honey, we live two miles away, that’s a little bit of a walk in the dark. If you want to come home, we’ll all come home. Won’t we Carson?”
“Why, do I need to come home, just because…Owww.”
Her dad shot Carson a dirty look after he had obviously kicked him under the table from the sounds of it. What was that all about?
“Honey, can you do me a favor and call Mary Lu and tell her we would be happy to come, We just need to know the time, so we can make sure the chores are done by then. Oh, and don’t forget to ask what we can bring.”
“Okay, and remember dad, don’t forget your swimming trunks.”
Kenna started laughing and got up to clear the table. But her laugh quickly died as her dad spoke.
“I don’t need to remember my swimming trunks. I have a pair already over there.”
Kenna shot a look at Carson, and she noticed that he was trying not to laugh.
“Why would you have your swimming trunks already over at the Walkers?”
“Because sweetie, I go over there and use the hot tub, usually, two or three times a week.”
Kenna just blinked at her dad, as she tried to process his words.
“Just because, I’m going bald and my middle has gotten a little bigger, doesn’t mean your father doesn’t have a social life. Your mother, God bless her soul, has been gone for sixteen years. William Walker has been gone for ten. Mary Lu and I like each other’s company.” 
She looked at Carson, and he just shrugged his shoulders.
“You know Carson, you could have mentioned this.”
“Sis, you’ve had enough on your plate lately.”
Her dad stood up from the table and walked over dropping a kiss on the top of her head.
“Thanks for the lunch, honey. It was a whole lot better than what your brother would have fixed. And sweetheart, it’s wonderful having you home.”
Then he was out the door. Carson got up and started for the door. He turned and looked at his sister.
“It is nice to have you home sis; all dad did was complain about my cooking.”
He gave her a wink and then he was strolling out the door to help his dad with the rest of the daily chores.
Okay, Kenna just knew she was in some parallel universe, now. Between, what Wyatt had told her yesterday, and the fact that her father was sort of dating Wyatt’s mom, Mary Lu. Yup, she had landed in the middle of the Twilight Zone.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

“Mom, what can I do to help you get ready for the barbecue? I‘ve got Jesse and Josh out in the back yard right now, setting up the picnic tables. Can I help with the potato salad or something? Maybe get the hot tub ready to use?”
“Well, the only thing I can think of is for you to go check and see how many paper plates we have. I might need you to make a run into town for a few things. I forgot all about it yesterday when you went in and got the groceries. I’m sorry, but I’m afraid you might have to make another run to the store.”
“That’s not a problem, mom. Let me go and check.”
Wyatt walked into the pantry and scanned the shelves. He checked the supply of paper plates, disposable cups and paper napkins they had on hand. They were completely out of paper plates, and there were only four cups left. He walked back into the kitchen with the mental grocery list in his head.
“Mom, we were out or low on most of the things we’ll need. Plus it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get a couple more bags of ice.”
“Oh dear, I so feel bad, I should have checked yesterday, Wyatt. I’m sorry. Would you mind going to the store for me?”
“No problem mom, just write me out a list, so I don’t forget anything.”
As Mary Lu began writing out a shopping list, the doorbell rang. Wyatt walked to the front door and opened it to find Jack and Kenna waiting on the porch. Hmm, where was Carson?
“Hello Wyatt, Carson has a few more chores to do, but he said he would be here within the hour.”
Wyatt knew that Jack was speaking, but all his attention was on Kenna. She stood there on his porch, looking more beautiful than he had ever remembered seeing her look. He couldn’t take his eyes off of her in her little daisy dukes jean shorts, tight white tank top and hot pink flip flops. He had to give his head a little shake to clear some inappropriate thoughts out of his head.
“Come on in, mom’s in the kitchen writing me out a shopping list. I have to make a quick trip into town for some last minute items.”
Jack hurried past him on his way to the kitchen. Kenna and Wyatt followed behind him at a more reasonable pace. Jack was just bending down giving Mary Lu a kiss when Kenna and Wyatt entered the kitchen. The sight of their parents kissing was something that Wyatt hadn’t quite gotten used to seeing yet. And from the expression on Kenna’s face was anything to go by, she was even more shocked by the sight than he was. 
Once Mary Lu came up for air, she picked up the shopping list, went over to her purse and then she turned back to Wyatt.
“Here you go dear; this should be enough.”
He looked down and saw the list and three twenty dollar bills. He knew that was way too much money.
“Mom, this is too much money, the total won’t even be twenty dollars.”
“Put the rest towards gas. You’re always running around for me.”
“Mom, you don’t need to…”
“Wyatt, I won’t take no for an answer.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll be back as soon as I can?”
“Wyatt, dear, why don’t you take Kenna with you? I’m sure she doesn’t want to stand around, waiting for Carson. Well, I guess she could always go out and visit with Jesse and Josh.”
He just stared at his mother, who stood there giving him her best innocent look. He swore she knew something. She for sure knew which buttons to push with him.
Wyatt turned to Kenna, who had a somewhat panicked look on her face.
“Kenna, would you like to ride into town with me? I’ll even let you be in charge of the list. So I don’t forget anything.”
“Umm, if you’re sure, Wyatt?”
“Of course I’m sure. You can keep me company on the drive.”
As Kenna and Wyatt turned and started towards the front door, he turned back and looked back at his mother. He swore; he saw his mother wink at Jack. What were those two up to?

~*~ Chapter 6 ~*~

The silence in the cab of Wyatt’s truck was unnerving, and it was starting to drive Kenna over the edge. Finally, she could not stand the silence and the tension any longer. She had to say something, but what? Think, think, think.
“Umm, Wyatt are you as nervous as I am?”
He glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, and took in a deep breath of air before answered her,
“Yeah, I guess I am. I’m just not sure what to say or do around you now. I know that’s silly, but I just don’t want to do or say the wrong thing. I feel more uncertain now, then when I went out on my first date. There’s just too much at stake, I guess.”
“Well, it’s never mattered before what you said or did. Why should it matter more now?”
“Kenna, I know you were put through hell this last year, and I don’t want to add to it by acting on my feelings for you before you’re ready. I care about you a lot and hurting you would kill me. Your happiness is what matters.”
Her response came out more like a whisper.
“You have feelings for me?”
“Yes, I do. What you have always thought of, as me being bossy, was me being jealous and over protective. But I had convinced myself that because of Carson being my best friend, I could never act on those feelings.”
“What? I thought you saw me as a child, as nothing more than Carson’s baby sister. I’m sorry for the way I’ve been acting. I didn’t know.”
“Darlin,' I think we’re the only two, in both of our families who didn’t know. Everyone seemed to have figured out we were fighting our attraction we have for each other. I know the truth came as a real shock to me.”
“Now what?”
“It’s up to you, Kenna. I wanted to see if we have what it takes to have a relationship, but only if you’re ready. I don’t want to rush you into anything.”
Wyatt steered his truck into the grocery store parking lot. He pulled the truck into the closest parking spot, then shut off the engine. Taking a deep breath, he turned in his seat to face her. Reaching out, he took possession of her small hand and gave it a light squeezed.
“I would like for us to go out sometime. But only when you’re ready.”
Wyatt brushed a stray strand of hair away from her Kenna's face. She seemed frozen in shock, over the revelations she had just heard. She’d had feelings for Wyatt for years. Could she get over the past year’s heartache and disappointment to give this man in front of her a chance at healing her that heart? Hell yes, she could.
“I’m ready whenever you are, Wyatt. I want more than anything to go out with you and see if we actual have what it takes to make it as a couple. In fact, the sooner we go out, the sooner we’ll know if this is right.”
He gave her a huge smile, lifted her hand to his lips and gave her the gentlest of kisses on the back of her knuckles.
“Kenna Jamison, would like to be my date at a barbecue at my mom’s place this afternoon?”
A sweet, bashful smile broke across her face, and the sight of it melted his heart.
“That sounds wonderful, Wyatt. I would love to go with you.”
“Thank you, darlin.' I promise you’ll never regret this decision.”
Wyatt leaned forward and placed his lips to her. He had meant for the kiss to be a gentle. But soon all the passion they had both kept buried for so many years came racing to the forefront as Kenna wrapped her arms around his neck and returned his kiss full force.
After a few breathtaking moments, Wyatt pulled his head back and smiled down at Kenna’s flushed face. His heart soared with the knowledge that he was the one to put that blush of color on her cheeks. Leaning forward, he placed one last gentle kiss to her lips, before smiling down at her.
“Wyatt, can I ask you a question?”
“Sure darlin,' you can ask me anything.”
“How long has my dad been seeing your mom?”
Wyatt chuckled at her and then said with a smile.
“Several years now. It’s still hard to see them kiss, and I don’t even want to think about what they do out in that hot tub at night when we all gone to bed.”
Wyatt gave her a shiver and a frown.
“That’s just not right; we all use that hot tub.”
Kenna couldn’t stop the laughter that erupted from her as she watched his face take on a totally grossed out expression.
“Okay Wyatt, let’s get your mom’s shopping done. I don’t know about you, but I’m excited to get this first date started.”

~*~ Chapter 7 ~*~

Kenna and Wyatt talked about everything on the ride back to the ranch. Gone was the tension that had filled the truck on the ride into town. What remained was a sense of rightness, of belonging. The truck hummed with the pleasant sounds of comfortable conversation.
Wyatt regretted that he had to break the news to Kenna that her car was dead, with a cracked head. The car was not worth fixing. She had agreed with him when he had suggested to sell it for scrap.
Over the last hour, Wyatt had learned that Kenna was a warm and funny woman. He enjoyed her company, but all too soon; they arrived back at the Walker ranch. But at least there was a bright side, they could start their first date, and he was more than ready to get this show on the road. 
Kenna helped Wyatt carry the groceries into the house. She could not help but smile as she watched him tuck two of the twenty dollar bills back into his mother’s purse.
Kenna felt her face flush with color as he took her hand is his and intertwined their fingers together before leading them out the back door. Hand in hand the made their way across the yard, where the two picnic tables had been set up earlier. They walked over to the table that was now occupied by Jesse, Josh, and Carson and stopped at the table to glare at them.
“Alright you three, where is all the food. I don’t know about anyone else, but I’m starving.”
Josh almost pout as he spoke to his big brother.
“Hey, it’s not our fault you took forever to go the store. Mom said for us to wait for the two of you to get back before we dig up the pig.”
Wyatt gave Kenna a mischievous wink before addressing his baby brother.
“Why are you three still sitting here working your jaws, go grab the shovels and get that pig dug up.”
An hour later, Wyatt and Kenna sat at the table talking amongst themselves. They watched as Josh took the cover off the hot tub. One by one, everyone seemed to make their way into the house, to change into their swimwear. 
“What do you say, Kenna, you want to start making our way to the hot tub? If not, that’s okay.”
“I’d like that, let me go change, I’ll be right back.”
“Wait, I’ll go with you. I need to change, as well.”
Taking her tiny hand in his, they made their way into the house. Kenna stepped up to the kitchen counter where she had left her purse. Reaching inside her purse, she pulled out a few small pieces of fabric.
Wow, Wyatt knew that there was no way that could possibly be her swimsuit.
Turning, she stepped over to him, stood on her tips of toes so she could brush a tender kiss on his lips.
“See you in a few minutes.”
He had not even had time to respond to her before she walked into the downstairs bathroom. At the doorway, she turned and gave him a little wave and a smile, before stepping inside. She was such a sexy woman, and she had no idea how much she affected him.
Taking a deep breath, Wyatt forced himself to walk away from her so he could go to his room and change into his swimming trunks. After changing, he put his hat back on and made his way back down the stairs. He stopped on the last step as his jaw hit the floor in utter shock. Standing there, almost as naked as the day she was born was Kenna. The only thing covering her nakedness was four hot pink triangles and a couple of strings.
WOW!
She smiled up at him and in an instant; Wyatt found himself growing hard.
Oh great, he knew he couldn’t go out to the hot tub in this condition, not with her family and his sitting out there waiting for them.
“Umm… Kenna, didn’t you forget something?”
She looked down at herself in confusion. Then she looked back up at him with the same confused look.
“What did I forget?”
“Your swimsuit.”
He knew it wasn’t the right thing to say, it just seemed too just popped out of his mouth. She gave him a put outlook, right before her fisted hands landed on her hips.
“What do you mean by that, Wyatt? I’ haven’t said a thing about your Stetson and swimming trunk combo.”
“Darlin,' there just isn’t much to what you are wearing, is all. You’ll be around both of my brothers and…I’m making a mess of this whole conversation, aren’t I?”
“Wyatt, it’s the only one I have with me. I use to wear this one all the time in California, and no one complained about it there.”
“Darlin,' how many girls do you remember here in Montana wearing a swimsuit like that one?”
“Well none, but I figure it’s just family and friends, I thought it would be okay.”
He walked the rest of the way down the stairs to stand in front of her. She looked hurt and madder than hell, now. The last thing he wanted to do was to upset her.
“Kenna, just looking at you in that little bit of nothing...well it makes me hard as a rock. How am I going to go outside, in front of your father and my mother like, like…this?”
He made a point of looking down at his crotch. The evidence was right there to what he had been telling her. Kenna’s eyes bugged out a little when she spotted the tented front of his swim trunks. Kenna’s gaze stayed locked on the area, and there was no doubt she had figured out what he was trying to tell her. Wyatt had never realized when someone blushed, their whole body blushed. But with all her exposed skin bare to his viewing, there was no way to miss it.
The sound of the back door opening and closing made them look up just as Jesse came rushing around the corner heading for the stairs. His mouth dropped open, and he stopped dead in his tracks. He just stood there looking like a big mouth bass as his eyes roamed over all Kenna’s exposed skin.
“Jesse, if you don’t want me to close your mouth for you, then I would suggest you close it yourself and lift your eyes up to Kenna’s face.”
“Dang Kenna…you grew up!”
Jesse didn’t even try to hide the fact his eyes were wondering again. Wyatt expected his brother to start drooling at any moment. 
Fighting the need to beat the crap out of his brother, Wyatt put his right hand on Jesse’s shoulder and shoved…hard. Jesse stumbled back a few steps, then regained his balance. He glared at Wyatt and gave him a put outlook.
“Why, you do that for?”
“If I hadn’t shoved you, I would have taken you outside and kicked your ass. And you know how that tick's mom off.”
Poor Kenna was mortified; she put her hand over her face. Taking her right hand in his left, he led her up the stairs.
“Come on darlin,' I’ll find something you can wear over it until you get in the hot tub, okay?”
She nodded her head and followed Wyatt up the stairs and into his room. He stepped out of the way so she could enter first and then he pulled the door closed. Walking over to his closet. He tried to see what he had that would work best for her. Giving up on the closet, he moved over to his dresser and pulled out a black tank top and handed it to her. Once she had a hold of it, he pulled her towards him, until she was standing just mere inches from his chest.
“There is something I’ve wanted to do for the last several hours.”
“And what would that be?”
“Oh Darlin’ you are sexier than any woman I’ve ever seen, and I keep standing here with you looking as you do, I’ll never be able to go in front of our parents.”
Kenna took that final step that had separated them. Reaching up, she lifted his Stetson up off his head and tossed it across the room to land on his dresser. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she allowed him to take her into his arms, holding her tight against his chest. Within seconds, their lips touched, and he was in heaven. Her lips were soft, and she tasted of heaven. And when they parted, he almost lost his mind from the sheer pleasure of it. Unable to stop themselves, they deepened the kiss as time seemed to stand still. He could seem to get enough of her.
His lips painted a fiery path of sensual kisses down the column of Kenna’s neck. All the while, his hands traced over every single curve on her body. His fingers were memorizing every square inch of her. Her moans of pleasure only spurred him on.
His hands grazed over her breast as he cupped them until her nipples beaded from her increasing arousal. Pinching them through her bikini top. Kenna squirmed in frustration as her body asked for more. His own body rose to her unspoken challenge as he reached around her back with his free hand and untied the hot pink bow at her neck.
Stepping back slightly, he watched as the material fell to her waist exposing her perfect full breasts. His eyes locked on her beaded rosy red nipples, and his mouth started watering for a taste. Unable to stop himself, he leaned down and sucked one nipple then the other into his mouth. Kenna arched her back pushing her breasts towards his waiting mouth, as little moans of pleasure escaped her lips. He caressed and feasted upon her breast until her breathing became ragged.
He pulled back to look into her dark green passion filled eyes. He saw his own need mirrored back at him in her eyes.
Reaching forward, she slid her hand into Wyatt’s swim trunks and wrapped her fingers around his erection. He almost lost control as she began to stroke him, from head to hilt. His hips started moving of their own accord, and his legs started to shake for the sheer pleasure of her touch.
With a shaky hand, he untied the side string of her bikini bottoms and let them fall to the floor.
He struggled with his body’s need for release as his fingers found her the very center of her and she moan loudly as he separated her hot wet folds. He began to stroke her in rhythm with her strokes. A small cry left her lips, as he thrust one finger, and then two, deep inside her.
Feeling his release was near, he picked up his pace as he rubbed her feminine nub with his thumb with each thrust of his fingers. Her cries of pleasure intensified as he felt her body start to tremble and clamp down around his fingers. Covering her lips with his own, he took her cries of release, into his mouth, as his kissed her with everything he had.
Not being able to stand her sweet torture one moment longer, he urged her hands to stroke him faster. He felt himself tighten, and he could not stop the groan that followed a heartbeat later, as he careened right over the edge of ecstasy. As he felt his legs start to tremble.
Without breaking their kiss, Wyatt back the up until they were up against his bed. Sitting on the bed, he pulled her down next to him until he was able to wrap her up in his arms. After what felt like hours, Wyatt found the strength to speak.
“Kenna that was…that was wonderful.”
He watched her, as she reached out to touch his cheek with her hand. Face flushed with passion and her lips swollen from his kisses. She had never looked more beautiful to him. Her long chocolate colored hair had escaped her clip. A tangle of curls hung around her shoulders.
“Wyatt, I’ve never wanted anyone, as much as I wanted you. I know we shouldn’t have done that…but I couldn’t stop myself.”
“I feel the same way, darlin’. Why don’t you stay here and get dressed? I'll go across the hall and get cleaned up. If I try to change in here with you naked, we can just forget all about the hot tub and will wind up making love all night, or until one of our family members hunt us down.”
Wyatt stepped over to his dresser and retrieved a clean pair of swim trunks. Turning back towards her, he leaned down and gave Kenna a quick kiss.
He opened the door and peeked out the door before he walked across the hall to the bathroom. He pulled the hand towel off the rack and stepped back into his room. He tossed the small towel to her and gave her a wink. 
“See you in a few minutes, darlin.'”

~*~ Chapter 8 ~*~

When he returned back to his room a few minutes later, he found Kenna dressed in her bikini, once again. She now sat on his bed looking way to inviting for her own good. But he had to admit he loved the sight of seeing her there. In fact, he liked it way too much.
“Sweetie this is my last pair of swimming trunks. So could you please do me a favor and put the tank top on, before I lose all control again. I think it’s time for us to go cool off in the hot tub.”
As Kenna pulled on a tank top, she giggled at his little joke. Standing, she put her hand in his and let him lead her through the house 
He stopped them as they stepped into the kitchen. Using this one last chance of privacy, Wyatt decided to steal a kiss before facing their family out in the hot tub.
Once they were out in the backyard, Kenna released Wyatt’s hand and with a mischievous look in her eye, she reached around behind him and slapped him on his butt.
“That’s payback for the other days; you brute.”
She turned on her heel and took off at a dead run for the hot tub. Just before she reached her goal, he swept up behind her and scooped her up into his arms. Swinging her around, in a fake attempt to throw her in the water. Kenna threw her head back and squealed before she locked her arms around his neck. 
“Wyatt Walker, if I go in, you’re going in as well.”
When Wyatt turned them back towards the hot tub, he couldn’t miss the way everyone in the hot tub was staring at them.
Kenna, still in Wyatt’s arms, gave them all the most innocent look she could mustard up at the moment.
“What? Did we miss something?”
Josh was the only one to speak, and it seemed he was a little behind in the game, so to speak?
“Okay, what am I missing? Why aren’t you two fighting with each other?”
“No more fighting for us, we just figured out we had some issues to work through, and so we did.”
Carson gave them both a smug smile, and he began to chuckle.
“Right, you figured it out. You should be proud it only took you what, ten years? Dude, slow down, you’re making your move on my sister way too fast.”
Kenna shot her brother a glare.
“Oh hush, Carson, be nice. This is our first date. And I want it to be one to remember.”
Wyatt placed Kenna back on to her feet and whispered in her ear.
“I know I’ll remember this night for as long as I live.”
Kenna took Wyatt’s hand as he helped her step into the hot tub. Wyatt escorted her to a pair of vacant seats tucked in the right corner. Kenna left Wyatt’s tank top on until the water was chest level. Then she removed Wyatt’s tank top. He draped his arm over her shoulder and placed a kiss on the top of her head. It was clear by the look on Wyatt’s face he was ready to have a little fun with his brother.
“Jess, what did Kenna and I miss while we were getting changed?”
The look on Jesse’s face was priceless. Kenna could see him looking them over and trying to think of a response.
“Well, it’s obvious, that you haven’t missed as much as we all have.”
“What are you talking about, Jess?”
Kenna knew darn well that Wyatt knew what Jesse was talking about. She also suspected that Wyatt was just getting Jesse back for embarrassing her in the house. Jesse started to open his mouth to respond, but Mary Lu splashed water at her middle son, before speaking to Wyatt.
“Jesse doesn’t mean anything, dear. We’ve been thinking about opening a few bottles of Wine, and Josh wanted to bring his stereo down and set it up. The night is still young; it’s just after six o'clock pm.”
“Mary Lu, why don’t you help me open up the bottles of wine I brought over? Let these kids enjoy the hot tub, without their parents hovering.”
Her dad and Mary Lu exited the hot tub and made their way to the back door of the house. Kenna leaned her head back on Wyatt’s shoulder and soaked in the relaxing silence. The silence that Kenna was enjoying was short-lived. She could almost feel Josh staring at them like they were a lab experiment. Kenna, cuddle closer to Wyatt, hoping it would ward off Josh’s curiosity. Josh started to resemble a dog as he tipped his head to the side. It was clear he was struggling to understand what he was seeing. Finally, the question that had been hovering on his lips spilled forth.
“Jess, what the hell is going on? What have I missed and when did I miss it?”
He was looking at Jesse as he spoke, but his hands were waving in Wyatt and Kenna's direction.
Wyatt never gave Jesse a chance to answer, before he spoke up.
“This is us, facing the truth that we have been literally, been fighting for the last ten years. But no more. What? Don’t tell me, Josh, you had no idea how we felt about each other. Everyone else seemed to know?”
“Dang, does this means when a woman fights with you all the time, that she wants you? If that’s the case, then I must have at least a dozen women who want to jump my bones.”
Carson turned toward Josh and answered in a laughing voice.
“Josh, I think in your case, they just want to jump you so they can beat the crap out of you. You are so damn irritating and the biggest hound dog in Butte, well that is. Next to Jesse of course.”
They all busted out laughing, and Josh turned as red as a lobster, with embarrassment. Kenna leaned over to Wyatt and whispered into his ear. The curls of his dark honey blond hair tickled her nose.
“I just thought of something, how long has it been, since you’ve gone camping?”
A smile creased his face, and he whispered back to her.
“Way too long, what do you have in mind?”
“I would love to see Glacier National Park again. You know get out in the fresh air and get in touch with nature, you know, that sort of thing.”
“I think that can arrange. But it’ll have to wait a few weeks, I’m going to be busy with the cattle for about the next week, week and a half. We have to get them ready because we have a buyer lined up for about two hundred head. But I think I’ll be able to squeeze in a weekend trip. Does next week weekend sound good to you?”
Kenna was almost jumping up and down in the hot tub with excitement. 
“Yes.”
Wyatt leaned over and gave her a long tender kiss, much to the shock of the other individual soaking in the hot tub. Once the shock factor had worn off, Josh, Jess, and Carson all began to brag to each other about their superior dating skills.
Several minutes later Jack and Mary Lu returned outside with two trays of open wine bottles and glasses.
“Josh dear, can you go get your stereo setup, so we can get this party started.”
After a few moments, Wyatt and Kenna were finally alone. She took full advantage of the privacy and straddled Wyatt’s legs. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she caressed his neck, only using her lips and tongue. She felt him shiver, and she traced his earlobe with her tongue. She felt a pair of strong arms encircle her waist, just before his lips met hers. The kiss was intense, and her heart started racing.
Kenna knew if she was not careful, she would be falling in love with this Stetson-wearing cowboy. The same sexy Stetson cowboy she had dreamed about for so many years.

~*~ Chapter 9 ~*~

Over the next several weeks, Wyatt spent as much time as he could with Kenna. His mother had invited Kenna over several times for a family meal. Wyatt had gone to Kenna’s for movie night, where they would cuddle up on the couch and share a bowl of popcorn. 
Last Friday night, Carson had recommended to him the little diner down in Butte, called “Molly’s. He said served the best prime rib dinner in town. When he had asked Kenna if she would like to go, she was as giddy as a schoolgirl at the prospect of having some alone time with him. Even if it would be in a diner full of strangers.
Any chance they could find, they would hide away from everyone’s prying eyes. He cherished the chance to steal a kiss and the occasional sensual embraces. But those times had become few and far between, over the passing weeks.
At least Wyatt was thankful the shock factor of their relationship, had finally started to wear off. The teasing from his brothers and Carson had died down to the occasional get a room comment. Or Josh’s favor comment, "I will be scarred for life."
Finally, it was Thursday evening, and He and Kenna were planning on leaving first thing Friday morning.
Wyatt soon found out that Kenna was the planning type of person. Since she had done it for years, being a personal assistant, she was excellent at it. She had already prepared a list of the items they needed to pack tonight. And from the looks of it, she was working on a second list of some type. Kenna had suggested, and Wyatt agreed, that it would be smart to pack the truck that night. So the night before they packed the tent, air mattress, sleeping bag and, etc. Kenna had assured him that this would make for a smoother departure, the next morning. 
After tucking the tent into the back corner of the truck bed, Wyatt surprised Kenna by spinning around and pulling her into his arms. Before she had a chance to blink even, his lips were on hers for quick smoldering kiss.
“Well, I think that’s it, darlin.' Tomorrow I’m going to buy a few tarps and rope too, just in case it rains. Did you get what we already packed into the truck, checked off your list?”
“I sure did; I also started a new list of items we need to pick up when we stop by the store tomorrow, as well.”
“Great, I hate forgetting things when I go camping. I need to get you back home so you can get some sleep. You’re going to need as much sleep as you can. Because I promise, I’m going to be keeping you busy all weekend end long.”
He gave Kenna a wink and then leaned down and recaptured her lips once more. He felt her surrender her weight to him as his whole body got into the kiss. Soon he was doing his best to check all her teeth for cavities…several times. Before long Wyatt’s hands had a mind of their own, and they slid their way from her waist, to cup her butt. He left no doubt in Kenna’s mind that he wanted her. He knew she had to feel his growing erection as it dug into her abdomen. With a huge sigh of sexual frustration and great effort on his part, Wyatt broke off their kiss and took a step back. 
“Let me get you home, before my mom turns the hose on us.”
Kenna giggled as she stepped up and kissed the end of his nose. Wyatt watched as Kenna wiggled her butt all the way around the truck and climbed into the passenger seat.
Pulling up in front of Kenna’s family ranch house, he gave her a gentle kiss and scooted her out of the truck. If he didn’t get in a cold shower soon, he would be walking funny for days. Sitting in the truck, he watched as Kenna’s cute little butt wiggle its way all the way to the house. Oh yeah, a cold shower was definitely in his near future.
Once home, Wyatt entered through the front door and took off his hat and placed it on the coat rack that sat next to the door. Turning around to make his way up the stairs, the sight of his mother still up, caught his attention. From the looks of it, she had waited up for him. Walking into the living room, he took a seat on the couch across from her chair. He got the strangest feeling that he was under a microscope, the way she studied him.
“Wyatt dear, I want you to be careful up at Glacier this weekend. And I don’t mean just watching out for wildlife. I want you to act responsible, do you understand what I’m saying to you?”
This could not be happening to him. No, there is no way she was going to go there. After all, he was twenty-six years old, and he was not having the sex talk with his mother. He took a deep calming breath so he could gather a little nerve before answering his mom’s embarrassing question.
“You can't be serious mom; I’m not a teenager. I plan on being responsible, I promise. I have already taken care of that part of our trip, so please don’t worry. You know how much I care for Kenna, and I would never do anything to hurt her.”
Mary Lu stood up, and so did Wyatt. Walking over to Wyatt, she gave him a big hug.
“Good, I’m glad to hear that. Now you and Kenna have fun this weekend. But remember, not too much fun.”
Mary Lu patted Wyatt on the cheek and smiled at her son, then made her way to the stairs. All Wyatt could do was shake his head at the talk he had just had with his mom. His mother would always see her three sons as teenagers in need of guidance, but that was one of the reasons why he loved his mom so much.
After the talk with his mom, Wyatt no longer needed that cold shower. Nothing killed an erection faster than a sex talk with your mother.
Wyatt walked through the house and turned off all the lights and checked all the doors, before making his way to his room. After stripping off his clothes, he climbed in bed. There was a nice soothing breeze coming from his open window. So he laid on top of his comforter, enjoys the calming effect the night air offered. If only he could calm his thoughts, which at this moment were racing. He couldn’t stop his mind from thinking about what was to come the next day. Wyatt knew that this trip was going to be a major turning point in his relationship with Kenna. From this point on, things were going to be different for the two of them. It was clear to him that when he claimed her in the most basic of ways, his heart would be lost to her, forever.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Kenna had just packed the last of her things into her small overnight bag when she heard a truck pull up in front of the house. She did a check in the mirror, grabbed her bag and purse and almost ran down the stairs. She had only made it as far as the base of the stairs when her father's voice greeted her.
“Kenna hon, can you spare me just a brief moment.”
“Sure dad. What’s up?”
She looked at her dad’s face and knew that something was troubling him. He cleared his throat and looked into her eyes as an uncomfortable feeling went through her as he began to speak.
“Kenna, promise me you’ll use extreme care this weekend. I don’t want to see you get hurt. Don’t get me wrong, I love Wyatt. He has always been like a second son to me. I just want you to be careful; you’ll always be my baby girl, and I will always worry about you.”
Just then there was a knock on the front door.
“Awww dad, I love you too. I promise we’ll be careful. Wyatt would never hurt me; I trust him.”
Jack kissed his daughter’s cheek, then walked over and opened the door. Kenna smiled when she saw Wyatt standing there in the doorway, looking sexy as hell in his tight jeans and Stetson. His dark blue eyes were sparkling with excitement.
“Hi Jack, is Kenna ready?”
“Yeah, she’s right here.”
She knew she was wearing a big goofy smile, but she just could not help herself.
“I’m all ready to go, if you are, Wyatt.”
He stepped into the foyer and gave Kenna a tender kiss on her lips before he reached down and picked up her bag. Taking her hand in his, they headed for the door. Wyatt stopped right before the open door and turned towards Jack.
“I promise Jack, I’ll make sure Kenna is safe.”
“Thanks, you two be careful and have a great time. Make sure you watch out for the grizzlies and the mountain lions, okay.”
Moments later, they were in Wyatt’s truck and headed towards Butte. Wyatt intertwined his fingers with hers as if he always need some physical contact with her. Almost like she might disappear if he let her go.
Before heading out of Butte they stopped by the large, superstore and picked up everything she had placed on her list and few things, they had not. After Wyatt had added a bottle of wine and a corkscrew, to the cart. They made their way to the check- out register.
Soon, they were back in the truck, heading in the direct of Glacier National Park and all the beauty and calm that nature had to offer them.
It was a long, hot drive, but they managed to get Glacier before dinner time.  Wyatt set up the tent and started a campfire. Kenna stood at the truck with the 12volt air pump filling their queen sized air mattress.
Dinner was a simple meal of, hot dogs, potato salad with smores for dessert. They took care to burn all the burnable remnants of their meal in the campfire. The rest they tied up in a garbage bag and hung up in a tree about fifty feet away from their actual campsite. They didn't want to have in visits from grizzlies or any other predators during the night. They packed the rest of the food back into the coolers and placed them in the cab of Wyatt’s truck and then locked the doors and set the alarm. As they sat by the fire cuddled in each other’s arms, they sipped their wine and watched the fire dance with colors of red, orange, and amber. Before they knew it, the wine was gone, and they were both tired from their long day.
“Darlin,' why don’t you go crawl into bed and I’ll bear proof this bottle and bank the fire. I’ll join you in just a few minutes.”
“You sure, you don’t want any help?”
“Yeah, I got it. If you need to use the restroom, don’t go far and take the battery operated light with you, okay?”
“Okay, don’t be long.”
She kissed his cheek, picked up the light sitting on the down log they had used as a bench and made her way towards the trees.
After she had finished doing my business, she walked back over to the tent, unzipped the door and crawled inside. After securing the door against the mosquitos, which were the size of a 747 jumbo jet here at Glacier, she changed into her nightshirt.
Turning off the light to save the batteries, she slipped into the two sleeping bags she had zipped together. That task alone, in their small tent, had been quite the challenge. But she had finally managed to zip the two sleeping bags together, to make one large sleeping bag.
Note to self: before the next camping trip, talk Wyatt into getting a bigger tent. This eight foot by six foot is just a tad bit too small
A few minutes later, Kenna saw a flashlight come towards the tent. Unless the grizzlies had started using flashlights, she was pretty sure it had to be Wyatt.
Laying all warm and comfy in the warm sleeping bags, she snuggled deeper into her pillow. The sound of the tent zipper opening drew her attention to the front of the tent as she watched Wyatt crawl into the tent and secured the door. Crawling over to his side of the bed, he turned off his flashlight and began to undress. Kenna’s heart started pounding with anticipation of what was to come. The sleeping bag stirred as Wyatt crawled in next to her.
“Do me a favor Darlin,' remind me to pick up a bigger tent, for our next camping trip. This one is just a little bit cramped.”
Kenna chuckled and kissed his cheek.
“Great minds must think alike because I was just thinking the same thing.”
“Now, enough talk, my beautiful and wonderful woman. I have waited weeks for this moment, and I want your complete and undivided attention.”
Strong arms wrapped around Kenna and snuggled into Wyatt’s muscular chest. Soft lips covered hers, and his tongue against her lips asked permission to enter. Her lips parted, and Wyatt took control of their kiss. With every sensual stroke of his tongue, he brought her just that must closer to ultimate pleasure. Never in her life had she wanted someone so desperately. The thought of Wyatt making love to her was setting her body on fire, and she just couldn’t get enough of him. He was all consuming, and she had to have him soon.

~*~ Chapter 10 ~*~

Everything about Kenna was driving Wyatt crazy. He just could not get enough of her lush mouth and her gentle curves. He was amazed that she was so responsive to his every touch and caress. He wanted to take his time and savor her, learned every square of her luscious body.
Sitting up, Wyatt eased her t-shirt up her body, to expose her soft and full breasts to him. He worshiped her breast first with hands, then with his lips and tongue. With every stroke of his tongue, she rewards his efforts with soft cries of pleasure. It didn’t take long for her body started to move beneath his, as she begged him for more.
Wyatt pulled Kenna’s t-shirt off over her head. Then crawled down her body so he could to take care of the little piece of material that she called panties. It was like opening up the world’s best Christmas present. Once he had his gift completely unwrapped; he stared down at her in the dim light. He soaked in the sight of her laid out before him. Lowering his head, he let his lips and tongue paint a fiery path of sensual kisses across her stomach.
Soon he was working his way south to the promise land of her body as he nuzzled his cheek against her inner thigh. Using his hand, he found the center of her. Reaching down with his other hand, he began to stroke her with his fingers tips. His lips and tongue followed his fingers a moment later to the most intimate part of her. Kenna’s body arched off the bed in response to his intimate attention, as he savor every part of her.
Using both hands, he separated her soft and warm female folds as his tongue began to tease her delicate feminine bud. He tasted her; he feasted on her. She cried out as he sucked even harder on her sensitive flesh. She laced her fingers in his hair, as she held his head in place, all the while, he continued to taunt her with his mouth. But he sensed she needed more, much more.
When he entered her depths with two fingers, she began to ride them for all she was worth. In the next heartbeat, she was screaming out her release. She fisted her hand in the sleeping bag beneath her. Her whole body began to tremble, and her inner muscles contracted around his finger. But he couldn’t stop; he continued until he had wrung every last quiver and moan out of her body gorgeous body.
His erection was screaming for its own release, and he couldn’t wait a moment longer to have her. Reaching over to where he had placed the box of condoms on his side of the bed. He removed the foil package, sat up and encased himself in a condom, before lowering himself down over her.
Positioned himself between her thighs, he rested the head of his shaft against the center of her. Lowering his head, he took possession of her lips and her body all at the same time.
He took his time as he entered her tight welcoming body. As soon as he started moving inside her he felt his control slipping. She felt so damn good. She felt right. 
He had waited what seemed like a life for this moment, and he wanted it to last. All too soon, though, he felt the first tightening of her next orgasm. She wrapped her slender legs around his waist, as she met him stroke for stroke.
When he felt her inner muscles starting to, and the spasm overtook him, he knew he wouldn’t last much longer. As her nails began to dig into his back, he knew he had lost the battle. In mere seconds, Kenna was screaming out his name. And he began to move within her faster until his own wave of pleasure washed over him. Their joined cries of pleasure echoed through the silent forest. He could make love to Kenna for the rest of the night. For the rest of his life
With shaky arms, he lowered himself on top of her, taking care to keep most of his weight off of her. Both of them fought to catch their breath as they did their best to recover from their exertion.
Rolling over to his side, Wyatt enveloped Kenna into his arms and held her to his still heaving chest. He placed a lingering kiss on top of her head, just as he felt her lips kiss his sweat dampened chest.
He knew at that exact moment; he had lost his heart to this woman, and he prayed she felt the same way about him. 

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Last night had been the most wonderful and magical night of Kenna’s life. Making love to Wyatt had been amazing and more than worth the wait. He had rocked her world. In fact, he rocked her world three different times during the night.
Rolling over she looked up and into the face of the sweetest, kindest, most wonderful man in the world and he was all hers. He smiled at her and rewarded her with a kiss on the tip of her nose. Taking his finger, he moved her sleep and love-making mussed hair out of her face.
“Good morning, darlin.' Did you get enough sleep?”
“Who needs sleep, when I have someone like you?”
He rewarded her with a gentle kiss on the lips, before he untangled himself from her and stood. Wyatt went straight to his duffel bag and removed a pair of sweats and long sleeved t-shirt.
Kenna laid flat on her stomach and watched Wyatt’s every move. Just the sight of him left her speechless. His naked body was gorgeous. His strong, broad shoulders, narrow waist, and hips were perfection. Even the color of his skin seemed like a work of art; it had that sun-kissed glow to it. 
Wyatt turned and caught her staring at him.
“What?”
“You’re beautiful.”
She could have sworn he was blushing, and he wasted no time slipping on his sweat pants. Kenna proceeded to pout as she lost the best looking view in Glacier National Park. He laughed at her protruding bottom lip and slipped into his t-shirt. 
“Stop your pouting. I promise you’re going to see a lot more me, from now on.”
“Mmm, sounds good. Where you’re going?”
“Well, nature’s calling. Then I’m going to fix you, my love, breakfast.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

They spent most of the Saturday hiking, playing around in the river that ran next to their campsite. And they talk and talk. Kenna felt like she could tell Wyatt anything. She knew that he would never judge her, for anything that had happened in her past.
Kenna learned things about Wyatt, which she would have never guessed. In his spare time, Wyatt loved to make furniture. She found out that he even had his own wood shop set up behind the barn. He promised to give her the grand tour when they got back home. Wyatt said that the furniture making business was growing into quite a side business. That was how he earned most of his spending money, since his share of the ranch proceeds went straight in his saving account.
They spent their last night together, making love. Afterward, they curled up into each other’s arms and fell asleep from pure exhaustion. Kenna knew; she’d promised herself that she wouldn’t fall in love with Wyatt Walker. She had told herself that she needed to guard herself against the heartache and pain that love brought with it. But against her minds better judgment, her heart took the huge leap into love. Now she only prayed that Wyatt would not break her heart because she did not think she could recover from that.

~*~ Chapter 11 ~*~

The weekend had been wonderful. Kenna felt a sense of sadness fill the cab of the truck as the Wyatt drove them back home. She knew that they both were going to miss the privacy that they had shared for the last three days. Now their private times would be few and far between. They would have to go back to stealing a kiss or two, here and there. This thought seemed to hit them both hard, the closer they got to Butte. When Wyatt took the turn that lead to her driveway, she felt like crying.
As the drove farther down her driveway, Kenna could see another vehicle ahead of them on the gravel driveway. When they got closer to the car, she noticed it was a Lexus and a rental. She couldn’t help but wonder who in the world would be driving a fancy car on gravel driveway like hers. Her first thought was that it was someone who had gotten lost and would turn around. But when the car pulled up in front of her house and parked, she knew her theory was wrong. Wyatt parked his truck right behind the Lexus and turned in his seat to face her. He gave her a Who is that? Look. All Kenna could do was shrug her shoulders, in response to his silent question.
She watched as the driver's door opened on the car and a familiar well-dressed man, stepped out. He took in the house and the property surrounding it like he was sizing it up. If the disgusted look on his face was anything to go by, he found her family ranch lacking. Kenna couldn’t believe her eyes. Why was this happening now? Now that she had just started a new happy life with Wyatt. Kenna felt like screaming in frustration. No, she thought, this can’t be happening to her. Not now, not ever again. Wyatt looked over at her, and she could see the concern written on his face.
“Kenna, what’s wrong? Who is that?”
She looked at him and just shook her head, as tears rolled down her face.
“Kenna, talk to me, what is going on?”
Just then Kenna watched as her dad and brother walked out of the house, to meet this stranger.
Kenna took a deep breath, gathered up her courage and spoke the name that she never wanted to pass her lips again.
“It’s Mason Jeffers, my ex, from California.”
She knew just by Wyatt’s facial expression, the moment that her word’s registered. His face turned a bright shade of angry red. And before she had a chance to stop him, Wyatt shoved opened the driver’s side door and jumped out of the truck. She watched in horror as Wyatt stomped over to Mason and got right in his face. Kenna scrambled out of the truck and screamed for Carson to help her stop Wyatt. That was when the shouting began, and all hell broke loose.
“You son of a bitch, you have a lot of nerve showing your face around here after what you did to Kenna?”
“I am here to bring Kenna back home with me. It’s where she belongs. My divorce is final now, and I need her with me.”
Wyatt took a swing at Mason, but he missed when Carson grabbed him around the waist and pulled him back. Kenna knew that Mason was lucky the punch had not hit its mark. 
“Mason, I’m not going anywhere with you. You need to leave, and you need to do it right now!”
“Kenna, you don’t mean that. I love you, and I’m sorry for what happened. We belong together, sweetheart. You know that. I can give you everything you want and desire. Houses, cars, you name it, and it’s yours, baby. I brought the divorce papers; it’s legal. I swear it. I’m not leaving Montana until I’ve talked you into coming home with me. It’s where you belong, Kenna. You know that.
Wyatt pinned Mason with a look that would scare most people, but not Mason.
“She’s not going anywhere with you. She is right where she belongs.”
“And just who do think you are?”
“My name is Wyatt Walker, her boyfriend and the man that truly does love her. I would never think about doing to her what you did.”
Kenna’s mouth dropped open at the declaration of love that Wyatt had just shouted out to everyone.
“Cowboy, I don’t care who you think you are, but I'm the right person for her. I can give her anything she wants. What can you offer her? A life in this hell hole? A life of her scrimping and saving to by something as simple as a dress. No, you have nothing to offer her and you never will.”
Kenna watched as Mason’s last statement had hit a nerve with Wyatt. He took a step back before he removed his hat and shook his head. He stepped over to Kenna standing next to the truck.
“He’s right, Kenna. I can’t offer you anything, except for myself. I’ll never be more than a rancher, and you deserve so much more than that. I can’t be the reason you’re stuck here in Montana for the rest if your life. You deserve so much more in life. You can do so much better than ending up as rancher’s wife. I love you. I love you more than anything in this world. That’s why I have to let you go, so you can have the life you deserve.”
Tears blinded Kenna, as they filled her eyes and streamed down her check. How could he think that? She had to make him understand he was the only man she would ever want again.
“No Wyatt, he’s not right, and neither are you. I love you, and I want nothing more than be a rancher’s wife. Your wife. Please, Wyatt, just listen to me for…”
“No, Kenna. He’s right.”
“Wyatt…please!”
“No!”
Wyatt shook his head again, stepped back with his hat in his hand and looked at her for a long moment. Kenna could feel him trying to memorize everything about her.
"Wyatt, please..."
Wyatt turned on his heels, walked around to the driver’s side of his truck and got in. Wyatt drove away, leaving Kenna standing there, with her heart shattering into a million pieces. And at this moment she wanted nothing more than to die, from the pain of what had just happened.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

As soon as the words left Mason’s mouth, Wyatt knew he was right. What did he have to offer Kenna? He lived at home with his mom, worked on a ranch that some years they were lucky to break even. He made furniture for spending money for God's sake. Just so he could put away his ranch proceeds for leaner times. Yeah, he knew this guy Mason was a jerk, but he was right about what Wyatt could offer Kenna. Why should he condemn Kenna to a life like that? She could have whatever she wanted and when she wanted it, from Mason?
Wyatt pulled in front of his mom’s house and went straight to his room. What had he been thinking? Taking off his hat, he threw it across the room, soon his boots followed as he kicked them off, then flopped down on his bed. He never wanted to get up from this bed ever again. What was the use?
A knock sounded on his door, and he ignored it. The knock sounded again louder this time.
“Wyatt dear, are you okay? Carson is on the phone, and he wants to talk to you.”
“Tell him, I’ll talk to him tomorrow. I’m not in the mood right now.”
Opening the door, his mom stepped into his room. She looked at her son with a concerned expression.
“Dear, what happened? Didn’t you have a good time? Tell me what’s going, Wyatt?”
“We had a wonderful time mom. In fact, it was the best of my life. When I dropped her off at home, her ex from California was waiting for her. He wants to take her back to California.”
“And… she wants to go?”
“I don’t know? She should want to go. But I didn’t wait around to find out. She needs to go back to California. Her ex said something that I had never given any thought to, until know. I let myself get all caught up in the moment. But now, I know that I’m not what she needs. He can give her, what she deserves to have. I can’t offer her anything, not a damn thing. Not even a roof over her head. No, it’s for the best that she goes back to California with him.”
“Awww son, don’t give up…”
“No mom, it’s done. She needs to go back to California.”
“Wyatt, you’re upset, I understand that. Just sleep on it and maybe tomorrow things will be a little clear.”
His mom stepped back out of her son’s room and closed the door behind her. He heard her footsteps going back downstairs.

~*~ Chapter 12 ~*~

Kenna woke up with a pounding headache and the sun streaming through the window, pulling her from her restless sleep. She lifted her head, and she could feel that her eyes were swollen from crying herself to sleep.
She still did not understand how Wyatt could just up and leave her like he had done last night. Unable to even wrap her mind around the fact of him telling her that she needed to go back to California, with Mason. Was he nuts? He just got into his truck and left her standing there crying.
Carson had told Kenna that Wyatt wouldn’t take his call last night. But he would keep trying to reach him no matter how long it would take.
After Wyatt had left last night, it had taken her father calling the sheriff, to get Mason to leave without her. The sheriff and her dad made it quite clear to Mason that he was not welcome here. And he would have him arrested for trespassing if he ever saw his cheating, lying face around here again.
She let him know in no uncertain terms that if he ever came back, she would get a restraining order taken out on him. How dare he come here and just expect her to go running straight into his arms. The man was delusional if he thought she would be happy to see him.
But Kenna knew in her heart that Mason had already destroyed her relationship with Wyatt. With just a few words, Mason had ruined Kenna’s future and her life. He had stolen her chance for a happy life.
A knock on her door sounded, and her dad cracked open her door.
“How are you doing honey? Do you want some breakfast?”
“Terrible and no thanks dad, my stomach is in knots right now, but thank you.”
Jack stepped into his daughter’s bedroom and sat down on the edge of her bed. He took her hand in his two rough, callused ones and smiled at her.
“Honey, he’ll be back. Everyone’s emotions were running on high last night. He just wasn’t thinking clearly, is all? You’ll see.”
“I don’t think so dad. Wyatt’s a proud man. I could see it in his face that he thought he wasn’t good enough for me. I could just beat Mason, for what he said to him. Wyatt and I, we had such a wonderful time this weekend, and Mason just had to ruin it. He’s ruined everything.”
Her dad wrapped his arms around her and let he cry out as much pain as she could. When she had no more tears to cry, he handed her his handkerchief that he always carried.
“Come on down and get something to eat and then we’ll figure this out.”
“But dad…”
“No, but’s, young lady. You get up from that bed and eat something. I won’t let you make yourself sick.”
“Okay.”
“That’s better. I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
Even though, she did not want to, she followed her father's instructions and got out of bed. The first thing she did was take a quick shower. When she got out, she looked at herself in the mirror. She had to admit; she did look like crap. After putting on a change of clothes and brushed her hair, she made her way down to the kitchen.
Kenna was about to step into the kitchen when she heard her dad say.
“He said what! That is just plain ass stupid, why would he think that.”
Kenna stepped through the doorway, looking at her dad.
“Who are you talking about? Did Wyatt call? What did he say?”
Her dad looked down at the floor, then at Carson. Carson cleared his throat and answered for her father.
“I called Wyatt this morning, and we talked for a while. He has got this stupid ass idea stuck in his head, and I just couldn’t make him see reason.”
Carson paused and avoided eye contact with her.
“He thinks that you should go back to California with Mason.”
“What? Is he still on that kick? Has that man lost his mind?”
“He said that Mason can give you everything you want and need. He thinks he has nothing to offer you because he lives in his mom’s house, and he works on the family ranch and makes furniture for the extra money. I tried to tell him that ranchers live a different lifestyle. That it’s not uncommon to have several families under the same roof, but he refused to listen to me.”
“That bossy, arrogant man, what the hell is he thinking? I would live in a tent if it meant I could stay with him. There is no way in hell I'm going back to California with Mason, or anyone else. I don’t want anything to do with that man. I don’t love Mason, and I realized over the last couple of weeks, I never did.”
“That’s what I told him, but he wouldn’t listen to reason. What are you going to do? You’re not going to give up on him are you?”
“Hell no, I’ll just let him have a little pity party for a while. I just wish there was some way I could make him see the truth.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

Wyatt sat at the dining room table, eating his dinner. He hadn’t said a word to anyone in hours. And he was thankful that his brothers were not hassling him and just let him eat. He stared down at the food on his plate as he picked at it with his fork. He had no idea what kind of food he was pretending to eat.
Ever since that horrible night at Kenna's, he had been walking through life on autopilot. He was just going through the motions of living. It had been five days since he had last seen Kenna, plus five long nights.
She’d called the house at least a dozen times, over the last few days. Wyatt just refused talk to her, because just hearing her voice would hurt way too much.
Tonight, the mood at the dining room table seemed to match his own. All day, everyone seemed to be walking on eggshells around him. His mom surprised him by not saying anything to him about what had happened. But as the days passed by, he could tell he was not her most favorite person.
Wyatt picked up his fork with a small bit of food on it as he continued to pretend to be eating. Before the fork could reach his mouth, his mother slammed her hands down on the table so hard, it made everyone’s dishes jumped. It had startled him so badly, his fork went clattering to his plate, and he jumped in his seat. He looked up to see both Jesse and Josh wearing the same shocked expression on their faces that he must be wearing.
“ENOUGH! DO YOU HEAR ME, WYATT JAMES WALKER? ENOUGH!”
Wyatt’s mouth hung open in surprise.
“Mom…..”
“Don’t you dare, mom, me! I have sat here and watched you wallow around in this self-inflicted self-pity trip you’re on, for almost a week. No more, do you understand me, young man. I don’t care if your twenty-six or sixty, this will stop right now. You have a wonderful woman who, I might add, loves you. She doesn’t care about what you can buy her. She cares about you and only you. You’re treating her like she is some shallow, materialistic bimbo. Like she wants nothing from a man but money. How dare you, disrespect her like that.”
All Wyatt could do was stared at his mother in shock. She had never spoken to any of them like this before. Jesse and Josh both picked up their plates, their intent was clear, they were getting the hell out of the room.
“Sit down, both of you, right now. You need to hear this too. This family owns this ranch. That means all four of us. This ranch has been in the Walker family for almost seventy-five years. There have been at least a dozen different Walker families raised in this house. We’re not rich by any means of the word, but we sure as hell aren’t poor either. Your father and I raised you to be proud of your family. How do you think he would feel to know that you’re ashamed of your family?
Wyatt continued to stare down at his plate. She was right, and he knew it. He looked into her tear filled eyes and cleared his throat that was full of shame and embarrassment.
“He would kick my butt all over the back forty. And you know what? I would deserve it. I’m sorry mom. I was so wrapped up in myself; I just didn’t stop to think of what I was implying.”
His mom pushed back her chair and stood. She gave Wyatt a pointed look, and then let him have it with both barrels.
“Do you love, Kenna?”
“Yes, more than anything.”
“Then you better make this right, Wyatt. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And you two. If you ever do something as asinine as your brother, you’ll be living out in the barn. Do you understand what I’m saying to both of you?”
“Yes, mom.”
“Yeah, I understand mom.”
“Good.”
Wyatt watched his mother throw down her napkin on the table and stormed out of the room.

~*~ Chapter 13 ~*~

Kenna sat on the couch facing the TV. Lost in thought of how her life had turned to crap over the last few week. She caught Carson sitting next to her, glancing over at her several times. He was watching her as if he was afraid she would burst into tears again at any moment.  
Carson’s cell phone rang, and he pulled it out of his pocket and checked the caller ID. He glanced her way, then stood up from the couch. She watched as he answered the phone as he made his way toward the kitchen. She heard the back door close, a few moments later.
“Dad, I’m going to bed, I’ll talk to you in the morning.”
Kenna leaned over and gave her dad a quick kiss on the cheek
“Sweet dreams, honey.”
As hard as she tried, she could not fall asleep. Her mind kept racing with all sorts of thoughts. When she thought of the future, all she saw was a big question mark. Thousands of what “if's” flooded her mind. One thing she did know for sure was that she loved Wyatt, but how long was she going to wait for him to come around. What if he never did? Would she sit here and wait for him until she was old and gray? She knew the answer to that question, as sure as she knew her name. Yes. 
All too soon night’s darkness gave way to the faint first light of the rising sun. A loud knock on her bedroom door woke her only a few hours after she had finally fallen asleep. Carson popped his head in the doorway and gave her a big smile. 
“Hey sis, there’s delivery here for you downstairs.”
“Oh Carson, it's only seven o’clock in the morning, what is it?”
“I’m not telling you; it’s a surprise. Now come on and get up. Don’t make me drag you out of that bed. Because you know, I’ll do it.”
She sat up and threw her pillow at her brother’s head. He laughed, then shut the door. She could hear him laughing all the way down the hall.
Against her will, she got out of bed, picked up her bathrobe and walked down the stairs. When she had reached the base of the stairs, Carson was standing there with that same stupid smile on his face. 
“What?”
“You’ll see, come on; it’s in here.”
Kenna followed him across the foyer and into the living room. She had no idea what she was supposed to be looking for, and she just gave Carson a blank look.
“Okay, where is this big surprise?”
“It’s over here.”
She followed him around the other side of the couch.  Kenna stared at what sat in front of her. 
“I, I don’t understand?”
“Wyatt thought this would say more than anything else would.”
Kenna stood there and tried to focus through tear filled eyes, at the most beautiful rocking chair she had ever seen. The chair was made out of what looked like Mahogany, and the back and seat were inlaid with cowhide. But that was not what stopped her dead in her tracks with her heart pounding and her chest breathless. It was the words that were carved across the back of the rocking chair that had her completely speechless.
In beautiful script, was carved, 

Kenna, will you marry me?

It stole her heart as she read the words. Then, re-read them. There were even little hearts carved on each side.
Kenna stood there like a fool, tears flowing down her face. She could not take her eyes off the chair.
“Carson, I don’t want him to hurt me again. Can I trust him not to desert me when life gets a little rough?”
“Why don’t you ask him yourself, darlin?”
She swirled around and saw Wyatt, standing where Carson had been, just a moment before. Carson was nowhere in sight.
“How did you get in here without me hearing you come in?”
Wyatt held out his hand, and she saw a can of oil.
“All I had to do was oil the screen door hinges.”
He gave her a weak smile.
“To answer your other question, I never want to be away from you ever again. I’m sorry; I was so stupid. I had no right, to make decisions for you, especially when it comes to who you should love.”
“I don’t understand why you thought I would even think about going with Mason? I don’t love Mason, and now I know that I never did.”
“When you left for California, I thought that was what you wanted. That lifestyle and all that went with it.”
“I went to California, to start a new life because the man I had been in love with for years did want me.”
Wyatt pulled her into his arms and held her tight.
“I’ll always want you, Kenna. Always. I know of at least one thing I have more of than Mason. I have more love for you than anyone else in this world.”
He held her close and let her cry out all her insecurities and doubts.
He pulled back and looked down at her, wiping away her tears away with his thumb. He then knelt down on one knee in front of her and took her left hand in his. Kenna was shaking, and she had to wipe the tears away from her eyes so she could even see him. Removing his hat and setting it on the floor next to his bent knee, he took a deep breath and spoke.
“Kenna Jamison, I’m so sorry for what I did to you. I love you more than life itself. I can’t promise you the world, but I can promise you a life full of love. I’ll do my best to give you the happiest life possible. Will you marry me and make me the luckiest man alive.”
Covering her mouth with her hand in surprise as the words that she never thought she would hear from Wyatt Walker echoed around in her heart. Nodding her head, she squeaked out her reply, to his question.
“Yes.”
He stood in front of her and reached into his pocket. 
“Kenna, my mother insisted you have this. She said it was good luck for her and my dad, and she says it’ll bring us luck as well.”
Taking her left hand, Wyatt placed an antique engagement ring on her third of her left hand. All Kenna could do was stare down at the ring sparkling on her finger. It was filigree white gold swirls with a beautiful diamond in the center. It wasn’t set with the world’s largest diamond, but just like the man that had given it to her, the same man she loved with all her heart, it was perfect. He kissed her the back of her hand that held the token of his love. Then Wyatt stood and kissed her senseless. 
From the doorway, she heard her dad’s voice echo around the living room.
“It’s about damn time, you two.”

~*~ Chapter 14 ~*~

That night, there was a huge party at the Walker ranch. It was a double celebration of sorts. The first thing they were celebrating was Wyatt and Kenna’s engagement. The second was the day before; Wyatt had received a huge custom furniture order. The order was for a new hotel in Jackson Hole. They wanted Wyatt to do all the furniture for their lobby. Wyatt had nine months to complete the order. That gave him all winter to finish it.
As the party came to a close, Jack and Carson headed home. Kenna wanted to stay, so Wyatt told Jack he would take her home later. As guests drifted off, Wyatt asked Kenna if she would finally like to take that tour of his wood shop. He had promised her the grand tour months ago. He had no doubt that she was going to love the tour he had set up for her. With a wink, he started steering them in that direction.
Hand in hand they strolled passed the barn and straight into the wood shop, behind it. He opened the door and stepped back so Kenna could step in ahead of him. He turned and locked the door behind them. Kenna had only walked about five feet when she gasped in surprise. She turned toward Wyatt; her face was glowing with excitement.
“When did you do all this?”
“After, I left your house this morning. We don’t have many chances to be together, and I figured, tonight of all nights, we would want to spend it together.”
Wyatt had taken one of the tarps from their camping trip and laid it on the concrete of the workshop floor. On top of the tarp, he had placed their air mattress with their sleeping bags zipped together.
“I hope you like it? The bottle of wine and, etc., I brought from the house earlier, before you got here. Since there is dry wood all over in here, I figured it would be safer to use our battery operated camping lantern to give us a little romantic glow.”
“Oh, this is so sweet, Wyatt. I love it, but not as much as I love you.”
Wyatt walked over to Kenna and pulled her into his arms.
“And I love you.”
Wyatt did not waste any time undressing them both. He picked Kenna up and carried her to their makeshift bed, lying down on the bed as one. They kissed each other with all the love they felt for each other. When they broke the kiss to take a breath, Wyatt turned Kenna, so she was on all fours in front of him.
“Darlin,' I need you.”
He reached around caressing her soft skin until he had found the very center of her. Separating her folds, he began to stroke her. It only took moments, before soft cries of pleasure were passing her lips. Wyatt increased his speed, and her body started moving in a way that told him, she needed him at this moment as much as he needed her. He entered her warmth with two fingers, and she rode them until her release washed over her.
Not wasting a second, Wyatt removed his hands from her, grabbed both of her hips and entered her in one fluid move. She cried out as he thrust into her. He was desperate for her as much as she was for him. She met him, thrust for thrust. And when she climax, she screamed out his name, as her orgasm rocked her whole body. Her body clenched his erection so hard; he only lasted three more strokes, before he joined her in heaven. A primitive growl of triumph escaped his lips.
Wyatt rolled them to their sides and engulfed her in his arms. Taking the second sleeping bag, he covered their naked bodies. Kenna turned her head, rewarding him with a warm smile, before kissing his lips.
“I love you, Wyatt.
“I love you too, darlin’.”
“Wyatt, how soon can we get married?”
“You name the date, and I’ll be there.”

~*~ Chapter 15 ~*~

Wyatt and Kenna chose September 15 as the date for their wedding. That would give them eight weeks to get it all planned out.
The wedding was taking place at the Walker’s ranch, in the back yard. They still hadn’t figured out where they would be living after the honeymoon. But Mary Lu said she had no problem with them living at the Walker ranch.
Between the shopping and ordering, in no time the Wedding was soon approaching. Time had flown by, and the wedding was only five days away. Both Wyatt and Kenna couldn’t wait for the wedding to get here, so they could start their new lives together.
Over the last several weeks, Kenna had not been feeling herself. At first she thought she had the flu, but the symptoms just wouldn’t go away. Kenna knew this was worrying Wyatt and did not argue with him when he had insisted on taking her to the doctor.
When they had first arrived, the doctor had checked her over completely. Then he ordered a series of test. After about twenty minutes, the doctor stepped back into her room with some paperwork on top of her folder and what look like several sample boxes of medication. Kenna was just praying it was anything serious that could mess up their wedding plans.
“Miss Jamison, I’ve gone over all your test results and found the cause of your illness.”
Kenna bit her lips with worry, and she squeezed Wyatt’s hand. She could not help but notice the doctor wore a real serious look on his face, and it was scaring the crap out of her.
“Miss Jamison, I’m 100% positive…you’re about eight weeks pregnant.”
Kenna just stared at him for a few moments. Finally, the words he had said soaked in, and she turned and looked at Wyatt. He was white as a ghost; it took him several moments to turn and look at her, and then back at the doctor.
“Are you sure? Are you 100% positive? I mean we’ve used condoms every single time except for…oh crap!”
“Oh crap, what, Wyatt?”
“Do you remember the wood shop, darlin’?”
“Oh, crap!”
“I take it by both of your reactions; this was not planned pregnancy?”
“No.”
They said in unison.
“I’ll give you two a few moments alone.”
The doctor stepped out the room, leaving Wyatt and Kenna alone to absorb the news; he had just dropped on them. They sat there in stunned silence for a few moments, until finally, Wyatt spoke.
“I’m so sorry; I know we haven’t talked about kids…”
“Wyatt, I love you, and this baby is half you. He or she represents the passion and love we shared that night. The love we still share, for each other. I know it’s sooner than what we would have wanted, but I’m okay with this. I was just a little taken back, at first.”
He looked into her eyes, and she could see that his shock was wearing off too. He stood up took her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. He pulled back to grin at her.”
“I’m going to be a daddy. I’m wondering what the smallest size Stetson you can buy?”
She laughed and hugged him back.
“I don’t know, but I’m pretty sure you’ll find out.”

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

They walked out of the doctor’s office with instructions on what to do for the morning sickness. Kenna carried a small bag full of prenatal vitamins samples. After stopping by the pharmacy to pick up more vitamins, they headed on home to break the good news to their families. 
As they started down the Walker ranch driveway, Jenna turned to Wyatt with a concerned look on her face.
“Wyatt, do you think it’s a good idea to tell our parents? Do you think we should wait until after the honeymoon? Or maybe wait for another five or six months?”
“I think in a few months they’ll figure it out all on their own. If we’re lucky, maybe we could wait until after the baby is born to tell them.”
She gave him a dirty look.
“Wyatt Walker, you’re just too afraid to tell my dad, that’s what it is.”
“No, the thought of telling your dad doesn’t scare me. But the thought of telling my mom, after she gave me the safe sex lecture before we went camping, scares the hell out of me.”
Wyatt pulled his truck along the side of his family home and turned off the engine. Kenna turned and looked at him in confusion.
“Wyatt why are we at your house. I thought you were taking me home.”
“This will be your home in a few days.”
“Wyatt, you know what I meant, what’s up.”
“Umm, I figured we’d call your dad and have him come over. We can tell your dad and my mom at the same time. That way, I can get all the ass whooping’s out of the way.”
Hmm, he did have a point.
“Okay, that sounds like the best plan.”
Wyatt pulled out his cell phone and called Kenna’s dad. Wyatt did his best to ducked and dodged any and all questions about the reason for the meeting with his future father-in-law. Jack finally agreed to meet them at Mary Lu’s in about ten minutes.
Building up their courage, they exited Wyatt’s truck and made their way into the house.
They found Mary Lu sitting in the living room, reading a book. Josh was watching TV and Jesse, was in the kitchen making a quick snack to tide him over until dinner. They sat down on the couch, without saying a word. Mary Lu looked up from her book and smiled at the two of them. Kenna could not stop the thought that was running through her head. Well, she won’t have that smile for long.
“Where have you kids been all afternoon? Dinner is almost done. Kenna, dear, you’re staying for dinner aren’t you?
“Ummm, yeah sure, if it is no bother. Thank you.”
Just then, Kenna heard a knock at the front door. Wyatt next to her started to stand up, but Mary Lu waved him to sit back down.
“Sit Wyatt, I've got it.”
Kenna heard Mary Lu answer the door as Wyatt gave her a weak smile and then reassured her with a gentle hand squeeze. A few moments later, a confused Mary Lu, Jack, and Carson walked into the living room looking straight at the two of them.
Wyatt stood and greeted his best friend and his soon to be father in law. 
“Josh, Carson, would you mind giving us a few minutes alone with Jack and mom?”
Four confused people stared at Wyatt and Kenna. Josh turned off the TV and walked by Carson and tapped him on the shoulder.
“Come on Carson, let’s go eat Jesse’s snack before he can. That should make for some fun entertainment watching him get ticked off.”
Carson eyed his sister but followed Josh into the kitchen.
“Okay, now we want to know what’s going on with the two of you. You’re not canceling the wedding or something, are you?
“No mom, the wedding is still on. Please sit, Kenna, and I would like to speak to you both about something.”
Mary Lu sat back in her chair, and Jack took the one right next to it. He eyed them with suspicion, as he walked by to sit in his seat.
Wyatt cleared his throat and looked at Kenna with a help me look. She squeezed his hand for support.
Yeah, she was not stupid enough to open her mouth and tell their parents, they would soon be grandparents.
“Ummm, as you both know, Kenna hasn’t been feeling very well lately. So I felt the need to take her to the doctor today.”
“Oh, my heavens, Kenna, are you okay? Why didn’t you say something to us?”
“Yes mom, Kenna is fine, but they did find out what is causing her to be sick.”
Jack gave his daughter a panicked look.
“Honey, what wrong? Why didn’t you tell me you were sick?”
Kenna could see the worry on her father’s face, and she couldn’t stand it any longer.
“Dad, Mary Lu, the doctor, told us…well, he told us that we’re going to have a baby in about seven months.
Just then, Jesse came running into the room.
“Oh, this is priceless! Wyatt, you knocked the snot out of me for trying to kiss her. And you go and get her knocked up.”
“Who’s knocked up?”
Carson said as he rounded the corner of the doorway, with Josh on his heels.
Kenna looked at her dad, then at Mary Lu, when they remained silent. They sat there for a few moments, to shock by the news to even respond. Wyatt broke the uncomfortable silence.
“No one is "knocked up."”
Wyatt shot Jesse a look that told him he was close to another ass whooping.
“My soon-to-be wife and I are going to have a baby in about seven months.”
Mary Lu looked up at Wyatt and Kenna felt him tense.
“I’m going to be a grandma? Oh, my heavens. This is wonderful.”
Jack stood up and walked over to where Wyatt and Kenna sat together on the couch. He leaned down and gave his daughter a big hug.
“Congratulations honey, I can’t wait.”
He paused for a moment then turned to Wyatt's mother.
“Mary Lu, I wonder how small they make Stetsons?”

~*~ Chapter 16 ~*~

Kenna woke up the morning of her wedding, with her head stuck in the toilet. Eat saltine crackers before you get out of bed, my butt! She was still sicker than a dog. Finally, after spending the first thirty minutes of her day in the bathroom, she walked down the stairs and into the kitchen.
Her stomach was flip-flopping, and she must have had a green tint to her skin because Carson jumped up and brought her a plastic container. Just in case she became sick. Her dad came through the back door and gave her a sympathetic looked.
“Your momma always found dry toast to work better than crackers, let me get you some.”
He walked over and made her two slices of dry toast and sat them down in front of her. 
“Just nibble on its hon,' okay?”
“How long does this last, dad?”
“Your momma was always the sickest the first few months or so. But I have heard of some having morning sickness all the way through their pregnancy.”
“Oh great, just what I want for the next seven months.”
"It’ll get better hon,' I promise. Now how long did you say you two were going to be gone?”
“Ten days. Why?”
“Oh, I just wanted to know when you were going to be back, is all.”
Kenna nibbled on her toast and after a few minutes, she actual was starting to feel a little better. Carson made her a cup of peppermint tea and within a half hour, she was upstairs taking a shower and getting ready for her big day.
The weather cooperated for once, and it was a beautiful late summer day. Kenna curled her hair and piled it on top of her head; then she added tiny sprigs of baby’s breath to the curls.
Kenna slipped into her strapless white lace bra and panties set. She picked up her white strapless tea-length wedding gown from the bed and stepped into it. After several minutes of struggling, she managed to get the side zipper pulled all the way up.
Turning, she checked herself out in the large mirror, in the corner of her room. She was quite pleased with the results.
Lifting her bouquet to her nose, she inhaled the sweet scent of the gardenia and baby’s breath that made up her bouquet. This was her day, and she knew everything would be perfect.
An hour before the wedding was due to start, Kenna’s cousin, Cheyenne, arrived from Great Falls. She looked beautiful, in her ice blue bridesmaid dress.
Kenna’s dad called up the stairs to the two of them
“Kenna, Cheyenne, it’s time to leave. Kenna, honey, does Wyatt have your suitcases?”
“Yes dad, he picked them up last night. Give us just one more minute.”
Kenna handed Chey her bouquet of Jasmine and baby’s breath. Then she gave her cousin a hug.
“Thank you so much for doing this Chey, it means a lot to me to have you here.”
“I’m honored you asked me. It’s been ages since I’ve been here. It’s good to see everyone again. I miss Butte so much. This town will always be home to me. I hated that mom and dad sold the ranch and moved to Arizona. But with mom’s arthritis is getting bad, they didn’t have a choice. She just couldn’t handle the winters here anymore. It gets lonely up in Great Falls.”
“You need to move back here. In fact, I bet you can stay here with Dad and Carson. Someone needs to save dad from Carson’s cooking.”
“Girls, we need to go!”
Both the woman burst out in laughter at Jack’s impatient tone. Kenna gave Chey a wink.
“He has turned into such a mother hens since he found out I was getting married. I swear you would think this is his wedding, as nervous as he is acting?”
That brought on another round of laughter as both Kenna and Chey made their way downstairs.
Kenna looked down the stairs and caught her father staring up at her. It was the first time since her mother’s death; Kenna saw tears in her father’s eyes. When she stepped off the last step, her father enveloped her in his arms and gave her a great big bear hug. He held her tight for several moments before he stepped back and wiped his eyes.
“You look so beautiful today honey. Your momma would be so proud of you.” 
“I wish she was here.”
“She is Kenna; she is right there in your heart.”
Kenna dabbed at her eyes, then gave her dad a kiss on the cheek.
“Okay dad, what do you say, we go and get me married?”
“It would be my honor.”
Within fifteen minutes, they were at the Walker ranch. Kenna walked into the house only after Mary Lu had made sure that Wyatt was outside. Mary Lu had spent a good five minutes hugging her and crying, telling her how happy she was that they were getting married. She had said how Kenna was perfect for her son. After that, everything went by in fast forward.
Kenna remembered walking out the kitchen door. She also remembered seeing how gorgeous Wyatt looked with his black western tux and black Stetson. But the rest of the ceremony was a blur.
Before Kenna knew it, Rice was showering down on them as the newlyweds made a mad dash towards Wyatt’s truck. Once they had reached the passenger side of the truck, Wyatt lifted her into his arms and sat her in the passenger seat. He then gave her a quick kiss that raised a round of cheers and whistles from the wedding onlookers. A few minutes later, they were on the highway heading toward Butte, then Hawaii, for the next ten days.

~*~ Chapter 17 ~*~

Kenna and Wyatt had never enjoyed themselves more in their lives. After three days, they finally came out of their hotel room to do the tourist thing that one does, in Honolulu. They visit The Pearl Harbor Memorial, Honolulu zoo, International Market and much, much more. After nine wonderful days, they were both sad that they had to leave the beautiful island paradise.
By the time, their plane landed in Montana, and they had gotten back to the ranch, it was late. The Walker house was dark and quiet as a church. They entered the house and were as quiet as possible while making their way up to their bedroom. From sheer exhaustion, they fell asleep before their heads had even hit their pillows.
The next morning, Wyatt woke Kenna with a gentle kiss on her neck and cheek.
“Darlin,' your dad is on the phone. He said he needed to talk to you.”
She rubbed her eyes, trying to focus as and sat up. She looked at Wyatt wide-eyed, put her hand over her mouth and ran across the hall to the bathroom.
A half an hour later, after some dry toast and a small glass of ginger ale, she called her dad back.
“Hey Hon, still fighting the morning sickness, I hear? How was Hawaii?”
“It was wonderful dad; you need to go sometime. It’s gorgeous. And yes, the morning sickness is still kicking my butt.
“It’ll get better. Hon.' The reason I’m calling is I would like for you and Wyatt to come over this morning; I have something I’d like to show you.”
Kenna turned to Wyatt and relayed the message. He said they could be over in about twenty minutes.
She relayed the answer to her dad, and they said their goodbyes. She looked around the kitchen and noticed no one was in the kitchen, and if the silence was any indicator, there was no one in the house.
“Where is everyone?”
“I have no idea; I was wondering the same thing. I haven’t seen anyone all morning.”
After another small glass of ginger ale, Kenna got dressed, and they were in Wyatt’s truck and on their way towards the Jamison ranch.
As they drove down the road, Kenna noticed that there had been a new road put in on a small parcel of property that her dad owned. She didn’t remember him saying anything about doing something with the land? They pulled down the Jamison driveway and pulled to a stopped, right behind Jesse’s truck. What was he doing here? She gave Wyatt a confused look which he returned right back to her. Okay, what was going on?
Wyatt put the truck in park and turned off the engine. He walked around the truck and opened her door, then helped her down out of the truck.
Jack stepped out the front door and was down the steps in the blink of an eye. He scooped Kenna up in a big bear hug.
“Welcome home, Mrs. Walker.”
“Hey, dad.”
Jack released his daughter and walked over to Wyatt to shake his hand.
“Good to have you both home, finally.”
“Thanks, Jack.”
Just then Mary Lu, Josh, Jesse, Cheyenne, and Carson came out the front door of Kenna’s childhood home.
“Well, you two, Mary Lu and I want to give you your wedding present. So everyone load up in your trucks and follow us.”
Kenna watched as Mary Lu climbed into her dad’s truck, and then Cheyenne got into Jesse’s and Josh hitched a ride with Carson.
“Wyatt, what’s going on?”
“I have no idea, but if we don’t get into the truck in a few seconds, they’re going to leave us behind.”
They climbed back into Wyatt’s truck and followed the train of trucks heading back down the Jamison driveway. They turned back on to the main road in the direct of the Walker ranch. But before they got there, she saw Jesse’s truck turn off on to the new gravel road she had noticed on the drive over to her dad’s ranch. 
“Okay, what in heaven’s name is going on?”
“I have no idea, Darlin’, but I think we're about to find out.”
They had only driven down the new road for a short distance when they crested a small hill and spotted something that hadn’t been there when they had left for Hawaii. Both Wyatt and Kenna stared at the old white farmhouse that just ten short days ago had not been there. What used to be there was an old falling down farm house only half the size of the one in front of them? This could not be the same house because the old one look like it would blow over in a strong breeze.
She looked at Wyatt in shock as she saw the other trucks parked in front of the house. Everyone exited their vehicles to wait for them to park. Exiting their own vehicle, they stepped up to the group as they stared at them all in total confusion.
“Dad, what is this? I know this house wasn’t here before we left on our honeymoon?”
Jack held out his hand toward Wyatt and handed him a set of keys. Wyatt and Kenna both just stared at his hands holding the keys. This can’t be real.
“Kenna, Wyatt, this is your wedding present. This is the little piece of property I bought about thirty years ago. It was the old Campbell farm. We tore down the old house, and Mary Lu and I bought this house for a steal since it needed moving. Mary Lu had a new septic system put in, and we had the well check and it checked out good.”
“Dad, Mary Lu, I can’t believe you did this for us.”
“Jack, mom, I don’t know what to say, but thank you so much.”
Mary Lu stepped forward and gave Wyatt a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“Son, I think the two of you need to go check out your new home.”
Wyatt took Kenna by the hand, and they made their way towards their new home. They were about to step inside the house when Mary Lu yelled at them.
“Wyatt, you need to carry her over the threshold.”
For old time sake, with a gentle toss Wyatt bent down and lifted Kenna up over his shoulder, being careful not to hurt their baby. He chuckled and smacked her butt, just because he couldn’t resist the temptation. Kenna squealed, and he had to laugh as he walked them through the door of their new home. Once through the door he set her down on her feet in the foyer. Kenna gave him a glare, and he bent and kissed the tip of her nose.
“I’ll get you for that, Wyatt Walker.”
“Promises, promises my sweet and sexy wife.”
Wyatt took her hand, and they made their way through their new home. The first thing they noticed about the house was it was huge. The bottom floor had a large living room, formal dining room. It also had a full bathroom, huge kitchen that was big enough to hold a kitchen table and chairs.
Once they were on the second, the first room they came to was a smaller bedroom. Perfect for an office or playroom. The next bedroom's door was close, and when Wyatt opened it, Kenna gasped in surprise. The sight of the room left her speechless. Someone had painted the room a pale yellow, with a pale mint green trim and had set it up as a nursery. What held her attention was the gorgeous the cherry wood nursery set, which included a crib, changing table and dresser.
Kenna walked across the hard wood floor and lifted the large card, from the top of changing table. As she read the card, tears made a trailing down her cheek. Wyatt walked over to his wife and read the card over her shoulder.

With all our love,
Uncle Carson
Uncle Jesse
Uncle Josh

Wyatt took her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. They didn’t notice the rocking chair Wyatt have given Kenna as a proposal until they had turned to leave the room. It sat in the corner of the room looking like it was just sitting there waiting until it could finally be used to rock their baby to sleep.
They made their way farther down the hallway and found one more average sized bedroom and another full bath. At the end of the hall, was the master suite it contained a large bedroom and full attached bathroom.
Kenna and Wyatt were aware that their new home needed updating, but nothing they could not afford to do over time.
What Jack had said was a small piece of property, turned out to be a hundred acres parcel. Their new home was just shy of being 2400 square feet. And it was all theirs. A real home for them and their child.
Epilogue

End of April

Kenna sat in the passenger seat of their truck, more nervous than she had ever been in her entire life. Because of her nagging, Wyatt was already going ten miles under the speed limit. But this day was special; they were all three going home for the first time. A family. Kenna tried, but she could stop herself from looking in the back seat of the truck. It was driving her crazy, being this far away from the little bundle, strapped into the car seat in the back.
At this moment and time, she had everything she had ever wanted in life. She just knew it was all too good to be true. It was not possible for her to be this lucky, by having such a wonderful husband and now, the little blessing, seating in the back seat.
How could such a little human, only twenty inches long, steal everyone’s heart so fast.
“Darlin,' Maggie Mae is fine. We only have a few more miles to go, and we’ll be safe at home. Please try to relax.”
“I know, I know. I’m sorry for being a little over protective. I just can’t seem to stop myself.”
Wyatt gave her a look of disbelief and snorted at her as he burst out into laughter. 
“I think the phrase “a little over protective,” is an understatement, Darlin.'”
“Oh hush. And could you please keep your eyes on the road.”
This set Wyatt off in another round of laughter that lasted for the last two miles of their journey. Within a few minutes, Wyatt was pulling the truck up in front of their home.
Wyatt removed the car seat from the back seat of the truck and carried little Maggie Mae into her new home for the first time. Wyatt had made his daughter, a beautiful cherry wood cradle, with her name carved in script, on the headboard of it.
Kenna removed Maggie from her car seat and placed her into the cradle, for the first time. The cradle sat next to the couch, so they could keep an eye on her as she slept.
Kenna dropped down on the cushion closest to the cradle and sighed from total exhaust. She couldn’t remember ever being more tired; then she was at this moment. Wyatt took the cushion right next to hers and pulled her into his arms. There was no doubt that they were both thinking the same thing as they sat there watching their daughter sleep.

~*~ ~*~ ~*~ ~*~

While Kenna was up stair feeding Maggie, Wyatt made himself busy in the kitchen. He pulled the casserole out of the refrigerator that his mom had brought over earlier that day, and he placed it into the preheated oven. While it heated up in the oven, he threw together a green salad to go with it.
Twenty minutes later, the casserole was almost done, and the table was set. He walked over and picked up the cradle moving it, so it sat in between their chairs.
When the timer for dinner went off, Wyatt turned off the oven and walked up the stairs. He stopped just outside Maggie’s bedroom threshold. The door was already open, and he could hear soft music coming from a small stereo on the dresser. Wyatt stuck his head into the room and took in the sight that meet him. It made his heart swell with pride. There in the corner of the baby’s room was his beautiful wife. She was and always would be the love of his life. And now she was the mother of his child. In Kenna’s arms, lay their precious little daughter, Maggie Mae. She was the spitting image of her mother, with a full head of chocolate brown hair. Wyatt knew she was going to be a real heartbreaker when she got older.
Kenna sat in the rocking chair that he had made for her, and gently rocked their child in her arms. Her soft humming was soothing their daughter as she slept. Wyatt couldn’t ask for a better mother for their daughter.
Wyatt knew, at that moment, life did not get much better than this. He also knew that he needed to count his blessings every single day of his life, for the way it had all turned out.
~*~ Free Preview ~*~
Love Wears a Stetson
Book 2
Jesse
Chapter 1
By Anne Marie Beck

~*~ Chapter 1 ~*~

“Come on Chey, please. For me, just this one time. It’s my wedding reception, you know!”
Kenna stood in front of her cousin, Cheyenne with her hands on her hips and gave her a stubborn look that Chey knew all too well. Chey knew from experience that Kenna was not going to give in unless she got her way.
“Kenna, there are way too many people here. I know we did this when we were teenagers, but it’s different now. I’ll die of embarrassment. Please don’t make me do this.”
Oh my gosh, She was not going to…oh yeah she was. Chey wanted to cry in frustration as Kenna, proceeded to pout. She watched in horror, as Kenna’s bottom flew out like a two year. Yeah, that bottom lip had gotten them in a lot of trouble when they were growing up. And she knew she would stand here like this until Chey gave in.
“Fine Kenna, but just this once and only because it’s your wedding. But just one song and no more, do you understand.”
Kenna’s smile was blinding, and she looked down at Chey like a child that had just gotten her way, which she had. Kenna grabbed her hand and led them out on the makeshift dance floor, in the center of the yard.
Chey had no idea how she had let her cousin talk her into things like this, anyways? One minute she was sitting at the wedding party table, thinking about her life and where it was going. The next, she was Texas two-stepping, with her female cousin.
At first, the wedding goers were silent, it was clear that they were too stunned to speak or even move, as they watched the two women. But soon, everyone erupted in belly rolls of laughter, as the women Texas two-stepped their way around the dance floor. Chey wonder if it was possible for a person to die from embarrassment.
“Kenna, why do you always get to lead? You never give me a chance to lead.”
Chey remembered back to when they use to practice in Kenna’s living room of her family’s home; Kenna was always the one who lead the dance.
“Sorry, I can’t dance the Texas two-step any other way. I have a hell of a time dancing with Wyatt, now. He said he liked a strong willed woman, but I was taking it just a little too far.”
Chey could not help the laughter that erupted from her at her cousin’s statement. They were both laughing so hard; they started to cry. When the song ended, Chey gave Kenna a big hug and hurried her way back to the wedding party table. She sat there all by herself, as she thought over what Kenna had said earlier. Maybe she should talk to Uncle Jack about moving back to Butte and stay with him for a while. There was nothing keeping her in Great Falls, anymore. But there never had been anything for her there. She would have to remember that the next time she decided to be spontaneous and decided things with her emotions and not her brain.
Looking over at the refreshment table, Chey spotted Jesse Walker, the groom’s brother. He was standing there talking to her cousin, Carson. He was laughing about something Carson had said. He was even more gorgeous now; then he had been four years ago. Tall with dark blonde hair and blue eye so dark, it just made her want to melt into a large puddle of Chey goo. Jesse was gorgeous, decked out in a black suit and had topped it all off with his black Stetson. Oh yeah, he was still one handsome man.
Even though, it had been four years, the pain she still felt in her heart when she looked at him. It felt like everything had happened just yesterday. If she moved back here, he would be right next door could she stand seeing him every day? She would have to give this moving back to Butte idea a lot more thought before she made her final decision.
She watched as Josh, the groom’s youngest brother, walked over to her and dropped into the empty seat to her right. Draping his arm over her shoulder he gave her one of his famous smiles, and she had to giggle when he topped it off with a wink. Chey knew that Josh was such a flirt and Kenna had told her that he dated a new girl almost every week. But he had a big heart and was a good guy. Chey had always enjoyed his fun-loving sense of humor. The only thing that was wrong with him was he had not found the right girl to saddle break him, so to speak. 
“Hey, beautiful, do you want to take a turn around the dance floor, with me?”
“Not right now, Josh, maybe later.”
“You okay, Chey? You look kind of upset.”
“Just have a lot on my mind, is all. Being around my family makes me realize how much I miss everyone.”
“Josh!
They both looked up at the sound of her cousin Carson voice, as he walked their way.
“You need to leave Chey alone, can’t you see, she is not in the mood to put up with your flirting. You know, I saw some single women over by the refreshment table, you might want to check out.”
Josh looked over at where Carson was talking about, got a frown on his face and shook his head.
“I don’t think so Carson. That’s Carrie Adams and Heather Cole. I’ve dated them both, and I sure don’t want them comparing notes with each other on when I dated, who and for how long if you know what I mean. That is an event I don’t want to be around for. I want to keep my body parts if you don't mind.”
Carson shook his head and gave Josh a disapproving look at his dating habits.
“You are such a hound dog. One of these days, it’s all going come back and bite you right on the ass, Josh.”
“Hey, what can I say, the ladies love me.”
“Then why are you here by yourself?”
“Ummm… because… um, I wanted to come to the wedding alone that’s why.”
“Yeah right, you’ve run out of girls to charm, most likely.”
Carson stepped in front of Chey, reached out and took her hand and pulled her to her feet. 
“What you need right now, Chey, is to Texas two-step around the dance floor, with a real man.”
“Carson, I just got done dancing with Kenna. I think that’s enough Texas two-stepping for me for a lifetime.”
“I won’t take no for an answer. Come on little cuz. I promise I’ll let you lead if you want.”
She could not help but laugh at that. She nodded and soon they were making their way to the dance floor. Carson set them to moving around in a smooth and enjoyable manner. She decided, she would allow him to lead. Chuckling to herself at how odd it felt to Texas two-step with an actual guy.
“You know, Kenna told me about you being all alone up in Great Falls. I spoke to Dad, and he said you were more than welcome to stay with us as long as you want. We aren’t looking forward to eating each other’s cooking again. Just the thought of dad’s stew gives me the willies. To this day, I still haven’t figured out what sort of meat is in it and why it has a green tint to it.”
Chey laughed at the appalled look on Carson’s face. His voice paused as if he was in thought. Then he tried a new tactic. She swore she could almost see the wheels turning in his brain.
“You know, Kenna will be close by too. You two have always been more like sisters. She would love to have you here.”
“I don’t know Carson; I have all my things up in Great Falls and an apartment and a job.”
“Do you have someone special up there, someone that you need to get back too?”
“Well no, but...”
“Then what’s keeping you there? Come home to your family, Chey. You know we miss you, and I know you miss us, how could you not.”
He gave her a wink and twirled her around. She erupted in loud peals of laughter.
“Okay, I’ll think about it, Carson.”
“Good.”
“It’s not a sure thing, Carson. I just said I would think about it.”
Just then the song ended, and she was just stepping away from Carson when she felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned to see Jesse Walker smiling down at her. He was breathtaking, standing there in his dark suit as he turned his hat around in his hands in a nervous manner.
The DJ started playing the Faith Hills song, This Kiss, and Chey watched Jesse set his hat back on his head. Taking her hand in his, he pulled her back onto the dance floor. He smiled down at her, and her heart rate sped up. It had been so long since she had seen him. But it was obvious; they still shared the same old chemistry that they had shared over four years ago. It had been so long since she’d been in his arms, dancing. Over four years, not since her senior prom.
“It’s been a long time, Chey. I have to say; you are even more beautiful now.”
Her face flushed with heat and she just knew it had to be bright red. She could not meet his eyes, so she directed her gaze over his shoulder.
“Thank you. Yes, it has been a few years.”
“Chey, I need to know something. Why didn’t you ever write or call me after you moved? I know that we had only been dating for six months before your family moved, and you went off to school in Great Falls. But at least, I thought we would keep in touch. Did I say or do something wrong? I thought we had something special. I know it was special for me.”
“Jesse, I…”
She just could not finish the sentence. Jesse knowing the truth would only hurt him. And even now, just thinking about what had happened, brought tears to her eyes. Pulling away from him, she turned around and swiped at the tears on her cheek before Jesse could see them. Chey started to walk away from him when he took hold of her arm and turned her back around to face him. Her gazed went to the grass at her feet until his knuckles, lifted her chin up, so she had no choice, but to meet his gaze.
“Talk to me, Chey. Was I that bad of a boyfriend that you can’t even look at me anymore? I know I can be a pain in the ass sometimes, but that’s just to tick Wyatt off. I thought that we had a future together. Was I so wrong, to think that?”
All she could do was shake her head no as tears made a trail down her cheek.
“Please Jesse; I can’t do this right now. It’s Kenna and Wyatt’s wedding. It’s supposed to be a happy time.”
“Happy time? What? Is the reason you’re going to tell me so terrible that you can’t talk about it right now?
“Please Jesse, not right now.”
“Promise me, we’ll talk about this later, then. I think I deserve some sort of answer, Chey.”
He was right; she knew he was. If anyone should know about her reasons for breaking things off, it was Jesse. Just then Kenna and Wyatt walked up to them. Kenna had an unhappy look on her face.
“You guys okay? What’s going on?”
Wyatt looked like he was about ready to kick someone’s butt. He glared at his younger brother, before speaking.
“Jesse, what’s going on? Why is Cheyenne crying? If you’ve done something to upset her, you and I are going to have problems.”
“First of all, you’re my brother, not my father. Second, just remember, I’m not a skinny sixteen-year-old anymore, Wyatt. You don’t scare me.”
Chey looked from Wyatt to Jesse as they glared at each. Both had their hats tipped down on their heads, reminding her of two gunfighters about ready draw their guns. She couldn’t let Jesse take the heat for her being an emotional wreck.
“Wyatt, Jesse didn’t do anything wrong. Between, me being homesick for my family and all the emotions that come with weddings, I just got a little melancholy is all. He was just trying to make me feel better. I’m so sorry; I promise everything is okay.”
Wyatt eyed her, then glared at Jesse.
“You sure, that’s all?”
She gave Wyatt and Kenna a smile that she hoped reached her eyes. Chey glanced at Jesse, and he was looking at her with an, I want to know what’s going on look, and I want to know soon. Jesse took off his hat and ran his fingers through his hair in an agitated manner, before returning it to his head.
“Yes, that’s all. I promise.”
Kenna wasn’t buying it. She took a hold of Chey’s arm and started pulled her away from the dance floor. She weaved her through the wedding goers, back to their table and sat her back into her seat.
“Chey, I’m not sure if Wyatt bought that load of bull, but I sure didn’t. What did Jesse say to get you so upset? Did you tell him?”
“All he did was ask me about why I didn’t call or write him. He just wanted some answers, is all, Kenna. It just brought everything flooding back, like it just happened yesterday. It’s just so hard sometimes.”
“Are you going to tell him?”
“Kenna, you’re the only one who knows. What good would it do? I don’t want him to suffer from the same pain that I did. To what point would it serve.”
Chey was glad she was sitting down because she was sure that her legs would no longer support her weight. There was a knot in her stomach the size of Montana. Kenna looked worried and knelt down in front of her.
“Chey, he does have a right to know. You two need to work through this together and start the healing process. It’s been four years. You need to heal. It’s not good for you to keep this all bottled up inside you. I know you don’t want to hurt him, but it’s his right to know and share in this, along with you. I know Jesse can be a major pain in the…”
“No, he’s not. He only acts that way to tick off Wyatt?”
Kenna stood back up and gave her cousin a half smile.
“You still care about him, don’t you?”
Chey looked her straight in the eyes. She knew there was no way she could deny it. Kenna would see through any tale she tried to weave.
“Yes.”
“Well, that something at least. I’ll leave the details to you, on when and how you tell him. Right now, I have a groom heading my way, and he has sworn to me, that he is going to teach me how to Texas two-step, without me, leading.”
She had to laugh, as she watched husband and wife make their way to the dance floor. They stood there for a few moment arguing over whose hand went where. It only took a few more seconds for them to figure out the details. In a few moments, they were off, whirling around the dance floor, Kenna leading.

Free Preview
Tropical Escape
Book 1
NEW
Mystery Romance Series
Tropical Escape
Chapter 1

By Anne Marie Beck


~*~ Chapter 1~*~

Lorna Hamlin was a bundle of nerves as she sat across the small intimate table from her fiancé, Bradley Brooks. She watched his face turn various shades of red. Wait. Correct that, her red-faced, irritated, ex-fiancé, as of three minutes ago. They sat in their usual corner table. In their favorite upscale Seattle restaurant, as Lorna spoke the words that had been weighing heavy on her mind for months now.
The only thing she could offer Bradley was as close to the truth, as possible. But not going so far into the details of her decision to hurt him.
Closing her eyes, she inhaled a deep, shaky breath into her lungs. She did her best to steady her nerves before she had to continue.
Desperate to ease Bradley’s pain, she reached out with her hand across the table and placed it on top of Bradley’s. She gave his larger hand a light, supportive squeeze, as she fought for the right words to say. She let the tears that been threatening to fall, escape her eyes as she glanced up to meet his gaze. Lorna could see the pain she was causing him. But it was not that emotion that had worried her. There was something more there. Something almost dark in Bradley's eyes.
As she studied him, Lorna could see him struggling with the darker emotion that always seemed to be just below the surface, seemed to be struggling with his self-control. She had seen it there, for months now. With every disapproving look or every exasperated sigh, it had grown darker. It was to the point that when Lorna would look at Bradley, it scared her. It was all she could do now, not to shiver from the sensation that his darkness caused. Just thinking about it made her skin crawl. Never in her life had she seen so much hatred and anger in one single look. And now, right at this moment, the evil had intensified, and it was all directed straight at her.
“Bradley, you have no idea how sorry I am. I just feel that if we go through with this wedding, it will be a humongous mistake, for both of us. You know, the last thing I would ever want to do is do something to hurt you. I love you; you know that. But I have come to realize that I’m not in love with you. I just feel we would both regret this if we followed through with our wedding plans. I think we would be better off if we were to stay just friends.”
“You are serious? You're doing this now, right now, Lorna? For almost a year now, Lorna, we've been planning this wedding. And out of the blue, you decide that you are not in love with me? I want to know the truth. I want to know what has brought this on, all the sudden. Have I done something wrong or…wait a minute; there is someone else, isn’t there? That is what this is all about, isn’t it? You’ve met someone else, and now you're kicking me to the curb like some unwanted dog.”
“No Bradley, of course not, you know me better than that. I would never cheat on you, ever. I promise there is no one else. But I just can’t shake this feeling that we are not…right together.”
Lorna knew she could not tell Bradley the truth. How do you tell someone that you agreed to marry, that he creeps you out? She had caught him so many times over the months, staring at her with the cold hard stare of someone…just not right. But what was she supposed to say to Bradley?
“Hey Bradley, over the past six months, I have had a growing feeling that there is something, oh I don’t know, not quite right with you.”
Oh yeah, she knew that would go over like a lead balloon in the middle of the ocean. To say that conversation would be awkward would be a huge understatement. Lorna had so many questions for Bradley, about his ever growing strange behavior.
She wanted to know why he had started leaving their bed and their home in the middle of the night when he thought she was asleep. He would return hours later and go straight to the shower upon his return. Whenever Lorna would question him about his whereabouts, he would make up some lame excuses. There was no way she was buying his excuse of “he couldn’t sleep” or he “went for a drive or a jog.” But over the last few months, his mood swings were what was freaking her out. It was to the point where Lorna felt like she had to walk on eggshells around him so that she would not upset him. She would ask him what was wrong and would get the standard reply of, “stress at work.” She knew, being an attorney could be stressful, but something was off with him.
“Well, up until five minutes ago, I thought we were right for each other, but I guess I was wrong on that account, wasn’t I? The Lorna I met and fell in love with two years ago would have never hurt me like this.”
Bradley’s voice trailed off, and Lorna’s tears started to flow once again, but this time sadness was not the cause. The murderous look that was on Bradley’s face had Lorna fearing for her life. She was thankful she had decided to break off their relationship in public. There was no doubt in Lorna’s mind, now. She knew without a shadow of a doubt that there was something not quite right, about Bradley Brooks. The feeling that Bradley was hiding something from her, something big, overwhelmed her. And right then, she felt fear flood her as she struggled to breathe in a normal manner.
She took a chance and trailed her gaze from looking at Bradley’s face to looking him straight in the eyes. Eyes that were so cold and hard, it reminded her of granite. She had never seen so much hate and rage in someone’s eyes. The force of his dark stare made her sit back in her chair and grab the edge of the table. All she wanted to do, right at this moment, was to run away from him as fast as her feet would carry her. Within moments, a false veil fell over his face, and he gave her a weak smile that did not meet his cold, hard eyes. Lorna could not diminish the fear that was washing over her in waves.
“So, now what do we do about everything? Where do we go from here?”
“I’d planned on bunking at Jackie’s, for right now. It will give me some time to figure out what I want to do with my life and where I want to go from here.”
“So, that’s it? You’re going to pack your things and leave without even trying to work this out. Without giving us another chance, you’re just going to turn your back on us, on me. You’re just going to walk out the door, without looking back?”
“Bradley, it’s not like that. Please, try to understand that I…”
“Oh, I understand, I understand just fine, Lorna!”
With that, Bradley roughly shoved his chair back. Pinned Lorna with his ice cold glare that made her heart stop and her whole body tremble in fear. Taking out his wallet, Bradley threw several bills on the table. Then he tossed several more at Lorna. He reached down and snatched up the two-carat diamond engagement ring she had handed him, earlier and shoved it into his pocket.
“You’ll understand; I just can’t deal with this right now. There is enough money there for you to call a taxi, to take you over to Jackie’s apartment. I would like your things moved out of my home by the end of this weekend. I’ll talk to you later, once I have…once I have had time to calm down. Goodnight Lorna.”
With that, Bradley turned, back stiff with what could only be described as controlled fury and stormed away from her table.
“Please, Bradley don’t…”
Bradley turned on his heels and growled out his response towards her, between clenched jaws.
“Not another word Lorna, not another word!”
With that, he turned and stormed out of the restaurant. She watched him through the window, as he walked along the sidewalk, heading for his BMW, parked out in front of Delmonico’s.
It took several long minutes for Lorna to finally calm down her nerves, after Bradley’s angry and abrupt departure. Lorna knew that Bradley had every right to feel hurt. And he was more than entitled to his anger, as well. But she just could not shake the bad feeling that there was something more to it. All those little subtle changes that Lorna had noticed over the last six months. They had started to add up in her mind.
Retrieving her cell phone from her handbag, Lorna pushed speed dial. Within moments, a familiar voice answered the phone. She listened to the reassuring voice on the other end of the line. The sound of her BFF’s voice was an emotional life raft in the rough ocean waters that had become her life, over the last half hour.
“Hey Lorna, how did it go? Was it bad? Do you need a ride?”
“Oh Jack, It was just awful and yes and yes.”
“Are you at Delmonico’s?”
“Yes. Oh, Jackie, I have never seen him so…so angry, furious even. He looked like it was all he could do, not to throttle me right here in the restaurant. I have never been so scared.”
“Hang in there, Kiddo. I’ll be there in about twenty minutes, give or take for traffic. Why don’t you say “screw it” with the calories and have a piece of their New York-style cheesecake? It has that oh-so- yummy, cherry and brandy sauce on top. That should give you a little comfort until I get there.”
“Umm, that does sound good and as bad as I feel right now, I know you’re right, that will make me feel better. Even if it is just for a little while.”
“See, I knew it. Okay, Lorna, I’ll see you in a few.”
“Okay, see you in a few.”
With that, Lorna disconnected the call and put her cell phone back in her purse, before flagging down her waiter. Now, all she could do for the next twenty minutes was drown her guilt and fears in a big thick slice of creamy sweet comfort. Then she would try to figure out where she was going to go from here.


~*~ Chapter 2 ~*~


Bright light streamed in through the blinds, of an unfamiliar window. Lorna, blinked her eyes, trying to get her bearings of where she was. Finally, the fog of sleep started to vacate her brain. All too soon, the memories from last night’s nightmare of an evening came flooding through her mind. Slamming her eyelids shut, she did her utmost best to block out the painful glare of those memories and the bright light of the day.
Pulling the pillow over her eyes, she settled down in the unfamiliar bed. Within moments, her memory started to clear. Soon, she realized she was staying with her best friend, Jackie’s. She also struggled with the sharp piercing pain of reality, as all the pieces of last night fell into place. She had finally done it. She had finally ended her relationship with Bradley. The sense of guilt, laced with sadness washed over her, as she thought about the look of pain and hurt on Bradley’s face, the previous night. But soon, those feelings changed to an overwhelming sense of relief. She was finally free.
Lorna pulled out her journal and started writing. In great detail, she wrote about everything that had transpired with Bradley, last night. For the last six months, she had written down every little detail, of their relationship. After she had written the last word of her thoughts in the leather bound book, she closed it and sighed. Walking back over to the bed, she curled up underneath the heavy comforter.
A sharp, rapping knock sounded on the door. The unexpected noise made Lorna almost jump out of her skin, with fright. Her heart pounded as she to untangled herself from the comforter and made her way across the hardwood floor. She grumbled to herself as she yanked open the bedroom door.
The sight that greeted her on the other side of the door had to have been a gift from heaven. She smiled at her best friend, as Jackie held out a steaming cup of the only thing that would get her through this day.
“I thought you could use this.”
“Oh Jack, you are such a lifesaver. What would I do without you?”
“You would never be able to function out in the real world, Sweetie. You know that. Why don’t you come into the kitchen with me? I just cubed up a cantaloupe and added some grapes to go along with it, for breakfast. I figured you might want something a little lighter and healthier this morning.  You did over indulgence with that to-die-for cheesecake, last night.”
“Jackie, you read my mind, thank you. Give me a second to grab a bathrobe.”
Turning back towards the bedroom, Lorna picked up Jackie’s extra bathrobe off the chair in the corner of the room. Slipping the bathrobe on, she walked to the dresser and retrieved her cell phone and booted it up.
At the doorway, she took the pre-offered mug of coffee, that Jackie’s held out for her and inhaled its deep rich aroma. The steamy comforting scent calmed her ragged nerves and put a huge smile on her face.
Lorna followed Jackie out of the spare bedroom and down the hall. Once they were in the kitchen, Jackie turned toward the counter where she had a small TV sitting. In a few seconds, the sound of the local news filled the kitchen.
As Lorna pulled out one of the two chairs at the small kitchen table, she glanced at the small TV. Jackie sat her bowl of fruit down in front of her, along with a fork. As Lorna was just starting to lift her mug of coffee to her lips, a breaking news story appeared on the TV. The scene turned from the news anchors in the studio to a live news conference.
The man behind the podium started speaking to the TV audience. There was another gentleman, with Sandy blonde hair who stood behind him and off to the side of the speaker. The speaker at the podium introduced himself as the captain of the SVU division of the Seattle Police Department. He stood there with a sober expression, as he gave everyone the breaking news. He informed all the viewers that there had been, yet another rape in Seattle last night. The victim was found in the Pike Street Market area, early this morning. The victim as of now had yet to be ID'd. But she was in the CCU of Harbor view Medical Center. Because of the nature of her injuries, doctors are unsure if she will regain consciousness. The Captain continued to explain that the FBI had joined forces with Seattle Police Department. It was their combined goal to track down and bring to justice the serial rapist that was walking the streets of Seattle. The rapist was not only plaguing the streets of Seattle but has also been linked to at least one rape and assault, in Oregon, as well.
Jackie reached over and turned off the TV.
“What is happening to this city? I swear, Jackie, it’s to the point, I’m afraid to go out at night.”
“I know what you mean. They need to catch this creep before anyone else gets hurt."
"Without a doubt."
"So girlfriend, what are your plans for the day?”
Just then, Lorna turned towards her cell phone, as it vibrated next to her hand as it alert her of an incoming call. Bradley’s name appeared in the caller ID; Lorna ignored it and proceeded to answer Jackie’s question.
“Well. I was planning on going to the U-Haul dealer and renting a truck. I don’t have that much over at Bradley’s; just my clothes, personal items and some small pieces of furniture. Everything else I own is in my storage unit. You know how Bradley was. If it wasn’t modern, he didn’t want it in his home. So, since most of my furniture is family heirlooms, I had to put them all in storage because I could not bear to part with any of them.”
“Well Sweetie, I‘m off work today, so whatever help you need, I’m your man, so to speak.”
“Great, thanks. I would appreciate any help I can get. I am hoping it won’t take us too long. I’m not looking forward to dealing with Bradley for any length of time.”
Lorna was just tipping her mug of coffee up to her lips when her phone vibrated again. This time, her phone alerted her of a new voice mail. Figuring she better see what he wanted, she ran her finger over the touchscreen and entered her voice mail. Within a few seconds, her new voice mail message started to play. As she listened to a lengthy message, she stared at her friend in stunned silence.
“Lorna, what’s wrong? Who’s the voice mail from?”
Lorna was silent for several moments before she could even reply.
“It’s from Bradley. I swear that man runs hot and cold more than a woman with PMS and menopause combined.”
“Why? What did he say? Is he trying to cause you trouble or something?”
Lorna just shook her head and handed the cell phone to Jackie. Jackie pushed the button, and the message began to play. Lorna watched her best friend stand in front of her with her mouth hanging open. A mixture of amazement and confusion clouded her face, as she listened to the voice mail that Bradley’s had left.

“Sweetheart, I can’t tell you how sorry I am for my behavior last night. It was unforgivable for me to walk out on you like that, and I hope with all my heart that you made it safely to Jackie’s apartment last night.
Something has come up, and I have to go out of town this weekend for work and won’t be back until late Sunday night. So you won’t have to worry about dealing with me when you come by to gather your belongings. When you're finished moving, you can just mail me your key at your convenience.
Also on the small table in the foyer is an envelope. It contains the tickets for a trip to Hawaii that would have been our honeymoon. I want you to have them, so I transferred my ticket into Jackie’s name. That way you won’t have to take the trip all by yourself, and I know you will be safe.
Please enjoy your time in Hawaii. And once again, I can’t tell you enough of how sorry I am that things did not work out between us. I wish you much success in your life and writing career. Know that I’ll always love you.”

Jackie looked across the table at Lorna. Confusion wrote on her face, as she handed the cell phone back to her friend.
“I….I don’t know what to say to that, Lorna.”
I do, Jack.
“And what’s that?”
“Mahalo, Bradley. And Aloha, Hawaii!”
They both burst out in a round of laughter. Soon the topic of conversation changed. It went from Lorna moving out of Bradley’s home to Jackie taking vacation time off at the doctor’s office where she was employed. As far as they were both concerned, the two months before they could leave on September 1st could not pass fast enough for either one of them.

~*~ About the Author ~*~

Anne Marie Beck lives in a quiet Northern Idaho Community with her husband, two dogs, and two cats. She has raised two wonderful adult children and has been blessed with one wonderful grandson and three beautiful granddaughters. Grandbaby number five due in March 2015.
In her spare time she loves to travel, nature photography and most of all spend time with her grandbabies.
After spending most of her life struggling with a learning disability, she has finally seen her dream come true just a few short years ago, with the publishing of her first eBook.

