LOVE’S
BETRAYAL
A NOVEL OF THE FREYODIN WARRIORS

ELIZABETTE  REMON
Copyright Information
Love’s Betrayal
Elizabeth Emmons
Copyright 2016 Elizabeth Emmons
Published by HEA Scribe, LLC
Smashwords Edition

Cover Art by Elizabeth Emmons; AdobeStock_56326260

eBooks are not transferrable.  They cannot be sold, shared or given away as it is an infringement of the copyright of these works.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

All rights reserved.  This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Warning: Adult Reading Material

This story, while purely fictional,
is meant for adults and contains explicit
material including sex and violence.
It is not suitable for persons
under the age of 18.
Readers, please be advised.

Betrayed by her first love…

Danielle is one tough female and vows only to believe in herself and her dedication to protect mortals.  In her past, she has several strikes against her and has had to prove herself time and again.  One, her lineage as the daughter of a Goddess who cares nothing for her.  Two, the painful betrayal of a male she was sacredly pledged to.  And three, just the fact that she’s female and considered weak.  Even though times have changed, she still harbors the insecurities secretly deep within and strives to maintain the respect she is due as a member of the Freyodin Warriors.
Aaron is an archeologist searching for a mythical relic.  In the process, he blunders upon an ancient chain that causes problems he wasn’t expecting and may change the course of his lifelong dreams and aspirations.  Maybe even against his will – if he can survive.
The unexpected connection between them is filled with inexplicable attraction, danger and adventure.  They learn truths of their past that neither one is prepared for and face a possible future neither one may want.  Can they overcome their differences, secrets and pasts, and work together to find a solution they both can live through?

Dedication

To us and our lasting friendship. May we have many, many more years.


Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
About The Author
Upcoming Release




They are guardian angels in a paranormal army who battle demons.  Demons that have succeeded in crossing over into the mortal realm.  Their crusade is endless, therefore they are immortal.  Not heavenly saints or divine angels, by far.  They are warriors.  Freyodin Warriors.  Chosen by the Gods Odin and Freya for their extraordinary honor, bravery and supreme sacrifice to their individual causes for the good of their own people.  Now, they fight side by side for the good of all mankind…

Chapter One



The pull is a painful ecstasy.  Her body and mind are neither here nor there, shifting like an apparition in an incorporeal, disembodied state.  Blindly floating through the colorful swirling wisps of misty fog with an unknown destination.  She feels anxious but excited.  Never knowing if what will be shown to her will be beneficial or malevolent, helpful or harmful.  But she does understand that whatever is shown to her, she must pay heed.  For the message she receives could mean the difference between life and death to someone…man, woman or child, alike.  Unbeknownst to them, no one was safe from the evil that penetrated the earth and her destiny was to aid in their safety and survival.
Slowly, her vision clears, the ethereal fog rolls away and she can once again feel the solid ground beneath her spectral feet.  She knows this place.  The salty smell of the sea, the moisture floating on the air that strays from the forceful waves crashing into the cliffs below, the battering wind whipping around and through her, it’s eternal beauty…home.
Images of the past threaten to crush her spirit.  One of the worst days in her long, long memories happened here.  So much loss.  So much pain.  The Great Battle.
She quiets her grief and focuses on the task at hand.  Still an unseen observer, she watches as mortals labor around what appears to be a large ominous cavity in the earth.  She is immediately propelled forward by an invisible force and there in the hands of a young man is a sight she never thought to behold.
This can’t be.  It shouldn’t exist, unless…
Violently startled, she is fiercely ripped from her vision, feeling as if she’s falling into a free floating vortex of a furious storm.  Her eyes flutter heavily as she tries to regain her conscious state.  Instead of awakening in her meditative lotus position in front of the altar, she finds herself prone on the stone floor of her dimly lit sacred shrine.
Painfully inhaling deep agonizing breaths, Zahara gasps, “Is it possible?  Could he be alive?”

*****

Zahara sought out Thunder with urgency as she rushed through the training compound so flustered it never occurred to her to simply trace to her destination.  Her only thoughts were to reach her leader to inform him of her latest vision.
She was a tall, willowy beauty with an incandescent glow to her skin.  Her long black hair draped down her back over her flowing robes and framed her face with a light silver frost.  She served as a visionary and a member of the Freyodin Warriors in the fight against the demon Huldrekall.  She was an original member of the three hundred Shieldmaidens, sometimes called Valkyries, the women warriors who fought and died so bravely at the Battle of Bråvalla in the year 750 AD and made immortal by the Goddess Freya.  She now used her gifts as a visionary, an empath and a scryer to aid the warriors’ efforts in protecting mankind.  She was a well-respected member and served as Freya’s co-captain for the female warriors, overseeing with an even temper, normally handling crises with patience and love at the forefront.
But this vision was anything other than normal, thus her current anxious state of mind.  She located her superior in his office with his nose buried deep in an unsteady pile of paperwork that looked as if it would topple with the slightest nudge or miscalculated touch.
Thunder, also known as Thor, son of Odin and a God in the immortal realm, was the leader of all earth planed warriors, male or female.  He was a demanding, but fair authoritative leader with the massive six-foot eight-inch build of a thousand-year-old Viking, with rippling muscles to spare.  He had the power of not only his legendary mighty hammer, but control of thunder, lightning and sonic waves, and a direct connection with the Gods themselves never hurt either.
Golden shoulder length blonde hair partially covered his sparkling blue eyes as she tried to greet him casually, but her anxiety showed through the constant fidgeting of her hands.  Her normally angelic voice was unusually rushed and high pitched.
“Thunder, I’ve just had a very disturbing vision.  A binding chain has been unearthed.  I believe it belongs to Alarr.”  She saw the look of confusion flash across his face before he replaced the mask of control took over once more.
Although a God, and demanding some modicum of respect, Thunder was usually just one of the guys around the warriors he commanded.  With his deep based voice, he replied, “Good day, Zahara.  Please calm yourself.  Everything will be alright.”
Zahara relaxed somewhat realizing she may have overreacted in the tiniest way.  At least, that was all she was willing to admit to herself.
“Where is the chain now?” he asked.
“In the hands of mortals.  We must retrieve it immediately.  I don’t understand how the chain still exists.  It should have perished with Alarr hundreds of years ago.  Unless…”
“No,” he stepped in.  “I know what you’re thinking, but there’s no way Alarr is still alive.  We can be sure of that.  I don’t know what this means, but I’ll consult with Odin and Freya on the matter.  I agree though that we must get that chain back and out of human hands.  In the meantime, give me all the details you can from your vision and then summon Danielle for me.  I’ll need to inform her of what’s happened.”
Zahara filled him in on every detail she could recall about her vision, including the location of the sighting.  Thoughts of their homeland always brought back unhappy memories of a time they could never forget and losses they had all endured.  After imparting all she knew, she excused herself and hurried away to call Danielle.
Having no idea where Danielle might be at the moment, she took a few deep breaths to calm herself and reached out to her through a mental link.  Danielle, I hope I’m not interrupting something important, but Thunder needs to see you right away in his office, please.
No, you’re not interrupting.  Just sword practice with Slash.  Heading his way now.  Thanks, Danielle answered.

*****

Straightening gracefully from her attack stance with one arm arched above her head, brandishing her mighty magical sword in a full circular motion in front of her skilled and toned form, Danielle brought the exercise to a sudden halt.
“Sorry to break this up, Slash, but the big guy beckons.”  And big she meant, as they didn’t come any bigger than Thunder.
“No problem, love.  We’ll catch up later.  You know…you almost had me there.  That sword of yours is one special weapon,” Slash said with a wink of one of his deep dark eyes.
“Yes, but it only works like that for me.  You know that.  Maybe you can talk Freya into gifting you with one someday.  But, then again, you’re uber talented with your monster scimitar.  That damn thing scares the crap outta me,” she laughed easily.
She enjoyed the comfortable relationship she had with Slash.  He was one of the warriors she could at least flirt with innocently, knowing he would never cross the line with her.  She had a ‘thing’ about crossing that line and it wasn’t good.  But she and Slash, they shared a mutual respect between them.
“Alas, I must trace.”  She mockingly said, bowing low.
Slash simply laughed, shaking his head and rolling his eyes.
“Later.”  Then she was gone.
With the fading sound of Slash’s laughter ringing in her ears, Danielle proceeded to trace from their training ground directly to the outside of Thunder’s office at the compound.  She could have walked it, but when being summoned by Thunder, it was best to hurry.  Besides, she’d gotten enough of a workout in today and felt like being a little lazy.  Wondering just how serious this was, she knocked on his closed door and waited patiently for his reply.
“Enter.”
She opened the door and made her way to the front of his desk suddenly feeling a bit nervous.  Although clad in simple jeans and a T-shirt, Thunder sat with a majestic air behind his ordinary office desk and continued with what he was doing, making no move to acknowledge Danielle upon her entrance.
Clearing her throat, Danielle inquired, “You asked to see me, sir?”  Her mind raced through countless scenarios.  Goddess, I hope I’m not in trouble again.  I can’t think of anything I’ve done lately.  Shit!
“Yes, Danielle.  I’ve just returned from an impromptu meeting with Odin and Freya.”  He raised his head and met her eyes as they widen in obvious fear.
Oh shit, shit, shit!  I’m really screwed!
"Zahara has had a vision that pertains to your past.  Something valuable has been found and this item needs to be recovered before the mortals who found it have time to examine it properly.  The Gods feel it is best that you retrieve it.  I really hate to have to tell you this, but I must.”  He paused and reached for her hand tenderly.
Danielle allowed his comforting touch and swallowed painfully, not being able to begin to know what he was referring to.  Her emotions warred between feeling confused, distressed and slightly relieved.  Her mind felt as if she was in a hurricane, but had it passed or was this just the calm of the eye before the real shit hit the fan.  
Seeing the confusion on her face, Thunder continued, “Alarr’s binding chain has been located.  There was no mention of remains, just the chain being unearthed.”
A shudder shook her body as Danielle reached her trembling hand up to touch the chain that would forever grace her throat, the twin to the one in question that once belonged to her bondmate.  Memories of the past flooded her brain like a rising tidal wave threatening to drown her beneath its weight.  She remained silent, staring sightlessly beyond into nothing, having no further reaction or response to Thunder’s news.
“I realize this comes as a shock to you, Dani.  It’s a shock to us all.  It has been over eight hundred years since…” he trailed off, being at a loss for words.
She didn’t hear him though, didn’t even notice that he called her by her hated nickname, of which he meant no offense.  Danielle was swimming in a mindless, unfathomable foggy sea that she couldn’t seem to reach the surface of.  She was near the point of panic, her breath becoming fast and shallow.
“Danielle, are you alright?” he asked taking note of her countenance and full of genuine concern.  “Here, why don’t you sit?  I’ll call Emeline.”
“Yes, I…I mean no.  I’m all right.  Don’t call Eme.  Please, I just need a minute,” she barely murmured under the short breaths she managed to draw in.  Her chest felt constricted and her lungs were screaming, but she knew it wasn't too serious.  There was no need to call their healer for a simple panic attack.
“Okay, I’ll just step out for a moment and give you a little time to yourself.  Call me if you need me.”  Thunder exited his own office, closing the door behind him and saying a silent prayer to the Goddess for Danielle’s wellbeing.
This type of event had never happened before.  The binding chain was only received and worn by those who became truly bonded mates and only broken and removable by death.  It was a ceremony blessed by Freya, the Goddess of love, war and fertility herself, equivalent to a mortal’s marriage but binding for the remainder of their immortal lives together.  It was a sacred symbol of that commitment and psychically bonded the lovers allowing the bonded mates to hear the thoughts and feel the emotions of their counterpart.  A true connection of mind, body and soul.
The chain in Zahara’s vision belonged to Alarr, Danielle’s lost love, who died in The Great Battle for the Eye of Odin.  It was assumed that he died, although his body was never recovered because Danielle lost her connection with him.  Freya and Odin were correct in that Danielle should be the one to retrieve it.  It would call to her and obtaining it should help close any remaining old wounds she may harbor.  She had never been the same since that day of loss.  No one who lived through it had.  Such a day of tremendous loss of friends and fellow warriors and such a waste of life, as the Eye of Odin was never retrieved.

*****

The Windjammer was the hottest club within a hundred and fifty miles of their secluded mountain home, supplying alcoholic libations, loud music, local drug dealers and all the sex you could handle by gyrating out on the dance floor to whatever top forty, rap or R & B artist was at the top of charts at the moment.  And one night a week they offered karaoke to the faithful patrons who liked that sort of thing.
Makayla, Justice and Vex had the night off from assignment and made their way through the smoke-filled atmosphere to their usual table nearest the exit, in case they had to make a hasty departure.  No VIP seating in this joint.  This was Oregon after all, not New York or California.  Still, this place was doable.  It offered a great sound system, lighted dance floors on two levels, the drinks weren’t watered down and if you ordered that drink at the second level bar, you could ride the twisted slide all the way back down to the first floor.  Of course, if you weren’t very careful, you’d also be wearing that recently purchased pomegranate martini and would be going back for a replacement.
Makayla swept her auburn hair up into a ponytail high on her head.  She took in the club with her almond shaped brown eyes flashed fiery green specks when caught by the club lighting that swirled rhythmically around the club’s surfaces.  She was short for a warrior at a curvy five foot three inches, but made up for being height challenged with her fiery bow and arrow – a gift of Freya, of course, that only performed its extraordinary feats when used by Makayla herself.  That was the catch with the females’ weapons.  The weapon only reacted to its owner, capable of extraordinary feats, otherwise, it was just a normal bow and arrow, spear, etc.  Of course, she had her warrior training and superior strength, which certainly didn’t hurt either.  But tonight Makayla wanted to unwind and have some fun.  Sing a little, dance a little, drink a lot, which was afforded her because it took a lot of alcohol to even get a buzz when you had the metabolism of an immortal.
She was accompanied by two of her fellow Freyodin Warriors, her World War Buddies, she liked to call them.  First, there was Justice, an eccentric, explosives expert and avid Elvis fan from Memphis, who was ‘brought over’ from World War II.  His career choice would have been to be an Elvis impersonator and he claimed to have personally met The King, but not during his mortal life.  That life ended before Elvis’ career began.  He even sported sideburns with hair just a hint of the early Elvis style and aqua blue eyes, but the huge muscles and fangs brought the similarities all to a crashing halt.  Plus, although he had a wonderful voice, he didn’t sound enough like Elvis to pull it off successfully.
Completing the WW buds was Vex, who was brought over from World War I.  Vex’s specialty was knives and daggers.  He bore an underlying sadness he refused to talk about, and was sometimes very bitter, but all in all, he acted as the protector of the Shieldmaidens and was a most reliable warrior in battle.  The kind you always wanted by your side.  He drank way too much, was a master at poker and enjoyed loud music.  Mostly current and 80’s rock.  But the boy could croon like an angel and, because it was karaoke night, the patrons of the Windjammer were in for a real treat.
Vex raked his slender fingers through his shoulder length wavy brown hair, something that he did frequently when he was preoccupied or nervous, and perused the song list.  He had an almost baby face with an irresistible smile that topped a sinewy warrior’s body.  His eyes could be either blue or green depending on what he wore that set the color in motion.  Tonight they were deep green.
Being ‘brought over’ was the politically correct term for male warriors who died bravely in battle, were delivered to Valhalla and transformed into an immortal vampire via a blood ritual performed by the God Odin.  Not all who died were worthy to become warriors and their numbers were not as strong as in the past due to the losses of The Great Battle, but they were rebuilding, slowly and steadily.  Along with this transformation, they received powers that assisted them in their fight to protect the mortal realm against the demon Huldrekall.  They were not the vampires spoken of in movies and legends.  They only partook of bottled or donated blood about once a month unless they were severely injured, but they also required a physic charge taken from a woman during sex to replenish them.  And acquiring sex for this bunch of fellows was not a problem.  Sunlight could not hurt them and they loved to eat, a lot.  They were big muscular warriors, after all.  Their transition saw to that.
Makayla took a sip of her lime flavored kamikaze and reached across the table brushing Vex’s shoulder tenderly.  They were not lovers, but they shared a special bond, nonetheless.
“Ve-ex, please sing some Journey for me tonight,” she begged shamelessly in a sing-song voice, comically batting her eyelashes at him.  She loved to hear him sing and hoped she could con him into it tonight.
“You just want to indulge in your Steve Perry fantasies.  Don’t you get enough of that messing around with Savage?  The resemblance between the two hasn’t gotten by me, you know,” he jested back at her.  Although he knew he’d do it for her, he really enjoyed making her beg.
Justice beckoned a nearby waitress and turned toward his friends.  He loved to tease and saw a golden opportunity, so he couldn’t help but jump in the fray.  “Yea, you should have come back as a groupie, not a warrior.”
They all shared a big laugh picturing Makayla as an 80’s groupie, then placed their orders for more drinks when the waitress approached.  Makayla couldn’t help secretly agreeing with Justice’s assessment.  A girl could dream after all.
Turning slightly serious, Vex leaned into her and inquired about her dual relationship with Vengeance.  There was no use whispering as Justice’s hearing was as good as his own and would hear it anyway.  “If you’re living your fantasy with Savage, why Venge?”
Picturing both of her fierce warrior lovers with a dreamy look in her eyes, she replied, “Because he’s a long, tall drink of sexy Viking.  Why not?  The boys are cool with it, so am I.  And they both have such gorgeous hair.”  She suddenly sobered.  Her smile not as bright and the playfulness was gone from her voice.  “Besides, I’ve done the chain bonding thing.  I won’t do it again.”  Adamancy showed in her eyes and stature as she threw back the shot of Patrón sitting on the table in front of her.    It went down a little too smoothly and she needed something stronger, something with more heat to it.  She longed to feel the burn scorching the back of her throat.
Vex felt a similar stabbing in his chest as a near fresh wound but hid any physical reaction.  “Yea, I’ll never chain bond.  That ship passed me by,” Vex mumbled solemnly, turning away from his friends to check out the club goers and effectually hiding the remorseful look on his somber face that had silently crept up on him.
Makayla recognized the pain of loss that etched across his now stern face, how his jaw had tensed and he resumed running his long fingers over the top of his head and through his chestnut hair.  She also wondered when/if Vex would open up to her and tell her what his pain was all about.  Now was not the time to press the issue.
The ribbing had died down along with the laughter, but this subject brought Danielle to mind.  “Did you guys hear about Danielle’s new mission?” Makayla inquired attempting another sip of her drink and remembering she’d drained it already.  The others nodded.
“It’s so strange finding Alarr’s binding chain after eight hundred years.  I really can’t imagine what she’s going through right now,” she said sympathetically, running her fingers along her own binding chain that was hidden beneath her top.
“Yea, but it’s a simple search and retrieval.  She ought to be in and out easily enough,” offered Justice while sucking on his usual drink of choice, a cold-as-ice long necked beer, wrapped in his personal beer koozie that boldly read ‘I deliver justice.  Want some?’
“Think someone should go with her?  I hear she’s going out by herself,” Vex asked, turning back with sudden interest.  He always felt the need to protect the ladies even though they were very capable of taking care of themselves.
Makayla signaled the waitress over again, still craving the burning sensation.  “Nah, she’s tough enough to handle it, I think.  And since it’s so personal, she probably prefers to do it alone.  It’s just so strange that the thing still exists.  Her bondmate has traveled across the Veil and his chain should have accompanied him.  Besides, we don’t get a night off that often and I’m ready to cut loose a little.”
“I’m with ya on that one.  Hurry up and pick out a song, Vex.  It’s time to get this party going.”  Justice reached for the song list Vex was hogging but he wasn’t quite quick enough.
Jerking back away from Justice, Vex snarled, “Hey, wait your turn.”  Then he took on a look of nonchalance and added gruffly, “Besides, you’re just gonna sing some Elvis number anyway and you know them all by heart.”
Makayla shot him a sharp look of disapproval.
“Not that you don’t do them well,” he threw in quickly trying to soften his harsh comment in an unspoken apology.  Thoughts of his past had soured his mood.
Justice didn’t let it bother him, though.  He was used to Vex’s occasional flights of fury and thought nothing of it.  He recognized the bitterness in his friend’s life and forgave him his sometimes transgressions.
The three loved to sing and had an unspoken understanding that, although karaoke might not be all that cool for badass warriors to be doing, it was a vice they permitted amongst themselves and ragging on each other about it was not cool.  Besides, when you’re a badass motherfucking immortal warrior, you could pretty much do whatever the fuck you wanted, as long as you didn’t piss off the Gods.
“Hey, Vex.  Wanna try that duet again tonight?” Makayla said trying to change the subject.
“Sure, Mac.  Sounds good.”  He flashed a small grateful smile at her realizing that he could really be a dick sometimes.  Circumstances had caused his past problems, not his friends, so he shouldn’t take it out on them.
“Great.  I’m just going to the little ladies.  Be right back.”  Makayla left the table noticing eyes watching her.  She looked great tonight in her tight jeans, low cut halter top and red fuck me heels.  She accented her ensemble with a belt decorated with four-inch spikes that not only gave her a Gothic edge but conveniently fit her mini crossbow that she carried with her on outings.  Heading to the second level of the club, she kept an ever watchful eye for any Huldrekall demons that might be lurking around causing trouble and in need of being dispatched.  Huldrekall were the demon horde that crossed into the mortal realm in human form who compelled evil or weak-minded humans, their minion, to perpetrate all manner of evil on earth.  They were formidable opponents.  Strong and fast healing and were ruled by the God Loki who falsely promised them immortality for their service.  Loki’s demi-god son, Tormond, reigned here in the mortal realm over the horde in his father’s stead.  He was just as ungodly as his father was.
As Makayla climbed the winding stairway, she felt the familiar vibrations in the air, along with the slight scent of brimstone, warning her of a demon presence.  At the far end of the bar sat a Huldra, a female demon disguised as a fair red haired human, wickedly laughing with a group of unsuspecting humans.  Within seconds, she spun around on her bar stool and met Makayla’s hated glare head on.
Wonderful.  So NOT what I wanted to do tonight, she thought as she returned the hardened hateful look.  Looked like she’d have to put her bladder on hold for the moment.  Huldrekall always ran in packs, never alone.  Somewhere in this establishment were at least two more male demons, otherwise known as Hulders.  Confrontation in the presence of mortals was an unspoken rule, but miraculously one they all seemed to abide by.
She could have communicated their presence via a mind link, but chose not to.  She wanted to be there when the shit hit the fan.  With a quick leap, she landed on the two-story twisted slide and rode it back down to the first floor, then hurried back to their table.  “Heads up, guys.  We’ve got company.”
“Seriously?  No night off.  Damn!” Justice complained.  “Let’s try to get this over with quick ‘cuz my song is coming up and I don’t wanna miss it.  I was gonna sing C’mon Everybody from Viva Las Vegas.  Love that Ann Margaret.  Elvis was one lucky son of a bitch.”  Then he jumped up from the table and did the ever famous hip wiggle of his legendary idol.
“Let’s do this.  I’m sooo in the mood to kick some ass,” Vex chimed in.  He knew from experience that a good fight would alleviate the thoughts of the past that haunted him.  A little beat down was just what the doctor ordered.  “Come on, Justice.  This won’t take long.  You can even sit this one out and watch.”
“You’ve been in a mood all night.  So yeah, I’ll let you have ‘em.”
Makayla led the way through the emergency exit door by their table knowing no alarm would sound when it opened, then carefully checked for their enemy and any possible traps that might be waiting for them.  Seeing and sensing that the coast was clear, Vex took the lead and they continued towards the back alley.  They were assaulted by the stench of the dumpsters occupying its space. Clumps of weeds grew up through the uneven ground and the wind whipped discarded fast food wrappers in a circular pattern as if a mini cyclone were passing through the passageway.  The lighting in the alley was almost nonexistent, but Vex and Justice didn’t need light with their exceptional eyesight.  All of their heightened senses were on alert, and Makayla, not being blessed with the sharper senses, took up position between the male warriors.
When the Shieldmaidens were transformed by Freya they were made stronger than humans and had the ability of accelerated healing, but they also received the abilities to shadow, trace and speak – the ability to communicate with the other warriors via thought.  Odin’s transformation of his warriors through a blood ritual changed the males into vampires with additional abilities but also additional needs.  Makayla didn’t begrudge the men their additional abilities because she didn’t want to have the additional needs to go with it.  She wanted to have sex purely for enjoyment, not because it was necessary at times.
The air was stifling and the pungent odor that fell around them grew stronger.  Makayla armed herself with her mini crossbow and quickly loaded the spikes from her belt.  This was a street fight and no place for her gifted weapon, not that she’d carried it with her tonight.  She was supposed to be off tonight and was hoping for a little downtime, but was always prepared for battle.  Vex motioned for her to hold up as he rounded the corner of the club, spotting their prey.  Joining him, Justice whispered, “Well, there you go, Vex.  I promised to sit this one out and let you have ‘em.  Knock yourself out.”
Standing in the back alley were three large, malevolent looking demons with one of their small minded minions in tow.  The warriors had no misgivings about taking out any minions that were foolish enough to confront them, even though they were still technically human.  If their minds were evil or weak enough to be controlled by the Huldrekall, they were too far gone to save anyway and posed too great a danger to others.
These motherfuckers are fast.  They beat us out here.  Must be itching for a fight tonight, like I am, Vex projected silently.
Just be careful and don’t get too cocky, Makayla chided and pinched the back of his leather jacket.  I’m right behind you.  Let’s do this.  The Huldrekall knew they were coming.  There was no need for a sneak attack.
Full of confidence, Vex rounded the corner, dagger drawn, and taunted, “Well, well, well.  Look what we have here.  Who wants to be first?”
The greasy haired minion who resembled a gang reject was feeling extremely brash, filled with the compulsion of his demon counterparts.  He stepped up first wanting to impress everyone present with his boldness, obviously not realizing who he was up against.  “Me.  I’ll kick your ass and send you home screaming to your mama, asshole.”
“Ahh, come on guys.  You gonna let a newbie fight your battles for you?  He’s so green he doesn’t even know who he’s dealing with.”  Their only reply was to snicker and grunt their distaste of their opponents.  What did they care?  Minions were a dime a dozen.
“Okay by me,” Vex said as he calmly walked up to the unlucky fellow and slit his throat with a quick raise of his arm.  With red streaking down the front, the body slumped toward the hard gravel filled ground making strangled bubbling noises.  No need to make him suffer too much.
And just like that, the fight was on.  Two demons leapt at Vex, the third charging Makayla, who began firing her four-inch spikes at her targets into the melee, working that crossbow just like a six shooter, spike after spike.  The scent of fresh blood filled the air.  True to his word, Justice stood back leaning against the brick wall with a confident playful smile on his face, his bulging arms folded across his chest and took in the display, making sure to keep a protective eye on Makayla.
Vex removed the first unfortunate by grabbing his thick neck and slamming him into that same wall head first, just shy of Justice’s inclined body, receiving a look of surprise from Justice.  Then Justice threw his hands up in the air and broke out in a howl of laughter.  Demons were a little harder to kill than minions but were not immortal.  They could perish by a mortal wound, but it had to do enough damage that their quick healing abilities couldn’t repair it before their complete termination.  That being so, Justice reached down, grabbing the crumpled body and finished the job by plunging his dagger through its still beating heart, instantly turning the demon to ash.  He snickered at Vex with a sense of accomplishment.
The red-haired female attacked from behind brandishing a six-inch switchblade and managed a minor injury to his throat before Vex reached back grabbing her shoulders, whipping her over his head and into a full body slam onto the unforgiving terrain.  He then fell upon her disarming and dispatching her quickly by gouging her chest and obliterating her heart.  Ash floated thick around him as he searched for Makayla’s whereabouts, knowing that Justice would look out for her, but needing to know she was okay for himself.
And she was.  Having discharged all of her spikes, she was engaged and holding her own in a tangle with a six foot and muscled looker.  Hate to mar that pretty face, but a girl’s gotta do what girl’s gotta do.  She didn’t have Vex’s and Justice’s vampire speed, but she could kick and punch with the best of them.  The looker didn’t have a chance as she used her shorter status to her advantage quickly nailing him with a right hook and ducking back low thwarting his attempts to grab her.  She’d managed previously to injure him with a couple of her piercing spikes that now protruded from his chest and dripped his crimson life force heavily on the surface with a consistent plop, plop, plop.  Taking advantage, she grabbed and drove them deeper hoping to hit something vital to weaken him further.  But he wasn’t slowing down fast enough and managed to wrap his arms around her slender waist, crushing her body to his.  Makayla was suddenly trapped and unable to wrench her way free of his embrace.
Vex and Justice both lunged for the remaining demon at the same time breaking his hold on Makayla and flinging him backward through the air with mighty force.  Vex said, “I’ve got this,” and proceeded toward the downed offender ending his existence.
Makayla had dropped to the ground but quickly recovered as Justice helped her stand with an inquiring look.  Dusting herself off and finger combing her long auburn locks, she said, “I’m fine, Justice.  Thanks, guys.  Now, let’s get back inside and have some fun.”
“Sure, I just need to dispose of this,” Vex said as he lifted the minion’s remains and traced off into the deep woods.  Within seconds, he returned and joined the others reentering the club.
“Alright!” Justice yelled.  “Let’s sing!”  The three friends smiled and nodded to each other in agreement and as they settled themselves back at their table, a fellow crooner was on stage singing Cutting Crew’s I Just Died In Your Arms Tonight.”  Makayla put on a mischievous grin and snickered, “Oh, the irony….”

*****

After overcoming her initial shock of the news, Danielle realized that she'd been chosen to retrieve the binding chain.  Freya's orders.  Mom, huh.  Being a demi-goddess and one of the daughters of Freya wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.  More of a hindrance, in her opinion.
The second shock came when she discovered she’d be flying back to the shores of the North Sea.  She hadn’t been back in that area of the world for eons, it seemed.  She lived and trained in their little village community, magically hidden in the Blue Mountains of Oregon since its inception over a hundred years ago.  It felt like home now.  Those long ago memories faded in the past.  A feeling of dread came over her like a strong ocean wave that threatened to grab hold and drag her into its icy depths.  She was afraid nothing good could come of this mission, even if it was classed as a simple retrieval.  She had so many questions that she feared discovering the answers to.
It was a spectacular day for air travel.  At least the weather was cooperating.  That was one positive aspect.  Too bad she couldn’t come up with even one more.  And it would surely be cold when she reached her destination.  Cold and gloomy.  She would have preferred an assignment on the coast of California with sun and the sea.  She couldn’t fool herself, though.  Any other assignment would have been preferable.
She made her way out to the private airstrip that was located just outside of their village and boarded the sleek silver Falcon 900LX, the private jet that was owned and utilized by the warriors.  Mumbling sarcastically to herself about honor and duty, she brusquely closed the door of the jet, locking it in place, took her seat and signaled for the pilot to commence the flight.
Looking back from the cockpit, the pilot ignored her obvious bad mood and greeted her, “Mornin’ ma’am.”
“Good morning, Taylor.  You’ll forgive me if I’m not very sociable today.  I just want to sit here silently and think.”
“Of course, ma’am.  I’ll just close the door and give you some privacy.  Have a pleasant trip.”
“Thank you, Taylor.”
They were lucky to have Taylor and others like him.  He descended from one of the few mortal families that served the warriors through the ages in capacities they would otherwise have to enthrall mortals to perform for them.  The trusted families shared their secret and considered it an honor and privilege to be of service.
As the jet leveled off, she took note of the vision surrounding her.  The sky was resilient with the splendors of white cottony clouds and golden streams of sunlight weaving through them, laid against an azure backdrop.  She longed to lay upon one of those clouds and let it engulf her with its welcoming gentleness.
It would be a long flight and she had already been exhausted both mentally and physically before it began.  She’d make the best of it and catch up on some much-needed rest.  There, that was positive.  And the flight was nonstop, not some commercial flight switching planes in different cities with constant layovers.  She was on a roll.  Two positives.
Try as she might to push them away, the memories of her past kept haunting her.  She reached over and pulled the sliding shades down over the windows nearest her blocking out the welcoming clouds beyond.  With heavy eyelids, she reclined in the comfortable leather seat and closed her weary eyes.  Letting herself mentally drift on a sea of clouds, she began to dream...

*****
Chapter Two



Eight Hundred Years Earlier…

“Danielle, you must hurry.  Alarr will be arriving any moment and we still need to ready you for him,” Valeria said.  Danielle had always loved and respected Valeria, so beautiful and with such a wondrous heart.  She always looked upon her as a motherly figure, as did all of their close community.  She was someone Danielle could turn to when she needed advice.  Valeria could be relied upon to provide her assistance and opinions to all that required them, but with the warning that they shouldn’t ask, if they didn’t really want to hear it.  At times, her advice could be harsh, but it was always given in the spirit of love.  Danielle would never have felt comfortable turning to her Goddess mother for such guidance.  Freya was completely beyond such things.
The binding chain ceremony had taken place only a few hours earlier in the presence of Freya with everyone of importance in attendance.  It seemed no one dared miss the joining of the demi-goddess and a high ranking officer of the Freyodin Warriors.  Chain bonding oneself to another was a serious matter indeed.  It was a commitment to be bound through mind, body and soul for the rest of your immortal life.  It was not a step to be taken lightly, if at all.
Danielle had been in love with Alarr Janssen for as long as she could recall and she couldn’t believe her dreams were coming to light.  She remembered the first time she had met him.  Such a mighty brave warrior, he’d caught her eye immediately.  He is everything I’ve ever wanted in a man.  He was gorgeous, of course, in every way that a Viking warrior could be, strong with a powerfully built muscular body.  He always respected her as a woman, not just a fellow warrior.  Daniel had always hated that she was the physically strongest of the female warriors and that all of the males looked upon her as too manly…even going as far as nicknaming her ‘Dani’, knowing she hated it.  I am not a man! I have womanly feelings, too.
She took a deep fortifying breath and straightening her spine with resolve, she said, “Alright, Valeria, I put myself into your hands.  I know you’ll make me feminine and beautiful.  If you could manage somewhat sexy, too, I’d be forever grateful.  I want Alarr to be so beside himself with lust that he will never for a moment regret falling in love with me and becoming my bonded mate.”
Valeria stopped brushing the new bride’s long blonde hair, sighed and cupped her face with her hands.  “Danielle, you are so gorgeous, why would you ever doubt it?  Being strong does not reflect all that you are.  My dear girl, I hope in time you will come to believe it and see the woman that I see in you.”  She removed her hands and turned her forward again to resume brushing.  “Now.  We’ve had this conversation before.  Time is fleeting and we must get you ready.”  Valeria wished Danielle had more confidence in herself.  Despite her size and strength, she really was a truly beautiful woman.  “Here, let’s put on the beautiful nightrail that your mother gifted to you, then we will quickly braid your silky hair.”
Thankful for the blazing fire that was chasing away some of the chills rippling along her skin, Danielle lifted the nightrail that she would receive her newly bonded mate in.  She had to admit, the nightrail was the most beautiful garment she had ever seen, other than her ceremonial gown.  She slipped it over her head and admired its beauty.  Its sheer flowing panels draped over her sensuous curves in the most alluring way.
With her hair intricately braided in several long blonde locks and settled over one shoulder, Valeria drew Danielle’s attention to the reflection in the tall gilded mirror that sat in one corner of the stone-floored room.  “There now, look, Danielle.  See how beautiful you are.  Alarr will see you as you are, truly stunning.”
“Oh, Valeria, you are so talented.  Thank you for assisting me this evening.  It means more to me than I can ever say.”  With an excited yelp of a young girl she continued, “I can’t wait for him to see me.”  As she admired the sight of herself, the sound of approaching footsteps invaded the room.  Revelry turned to hurried anticipation.  “Quickly, I hear him coming up the stairway.”  She gave a quick hug to her warrior sister.
As Valeria opened the door to exit the room, before her stood the quintessential form of a Viking warrior.  Standing proud, strong and sure, Alarr inquired, “May I enter?  Is my lady ready for me?”
“Hello, Alarr, I was just leaving.  Yes, Danielle is waiting for you inside,” Valeria said as she quietly turned towards the stone steps and made her exit.  She hoped this night would be everything Danielle wished for and that Alarr would be gentle with her.  Danielle may be as strong as a man in battle, but the ways of a woman and love were physically unknown to her.

*****

Entering his room, Alarr immediately saw Danielle standing before the hearth.  She breathed deeply of the subtle scents of beeswax candles and citrus wreaths that hung in the air attempting to sooth and calm herself, but the sight of him resurrected chills throughout her body.  “Danielle, you are so lovely,” he said as he took the few steps needed to reach her.
She shyly looked into his eyes unable to hide her apprehension.  He wrapped his arms around her waist and gently hugged her to him.  Slowly, he lifted her chin as he leaned down to give her a sweet kiss.  Wetting her own lips with the tip of her pink tongue, she met his kiss with her own tenderness and all trepidation within her melted away.
Sensing her assent to move forward, he deepened the kiss, invading her mouth more forcefully and slowly backed her towards the bed in the center of the room.  Momentarily breaking their kiss, he gently began to lift her nightrail to bear her beautiful body.  Her breasts were high and firm.  Her skin light and creamy with curves belonging to a woman, not a warrior.
Oh Goddess, how I love this man, Danielle thought as Alarr lowered her to the bedding.
Although some rumors amongst the warriors and community speculated otherwise, she believed Alarr had come to love her for herself, not due to her position as the daughter of the Goddess.  Oh, how blessed I am!
Alarr trailed kisses down her jaw to her throat, kissing, nipping and licking down to where her pulse beat rapidly.  He stroked his hands caressingly down around her breasts cupping and lightly pinching her nipples.  She gasped taking in the musky scent of his skin and couldn’t stop the moan that escaped caused by his ministrations.  His sweet touches made her body ache and long for more.  Kissing his way down to her breasts he took a nipple into his mouth, lightly suckling one and then the other, bringing them to an almost painful peak.
Alarr moved his right hand down to curve around her hip and onto the center of her thighs, the place on her body that she most ached.  She was so wet and ready for him, her body felt as if on fire.  Danielle’s passionate moans turned into whimpers.  “All will be well, Danielle, I will be as gentle as I can be,” Alarr consoled, interpreting her whimpers as hesitation.  
Alarr leaned back and looked at her hungrily, taking in the vision of her most precious part between her thighs, and quickly divested himself of his clothing.  Lids heavy with desire, Danielle forced her eyes open to watch as Alarr began kissing his way up her body.  As he rose above her, she admired the wonder of his broad shoulders and sleek blonde hair as it fell to curtain around her face.  Lowering himself to take her in another breathless kiss, he gently worked himself into her innocent core.  As she felt the sharp sting of him penetrating her barrier, her only thoughts were of her love for him and the future that they would forge together.  Their passion grew and peaked, each crying out their pleasure as Alarr bit into the pulsing vein at her throat.  As he fed on her blood and drew the physic sexual energy he required, she felt the pull of the chains they had donned during the binding ceremony, cementing their consummation.  A feeling of unity came over Danielle as she shuddered in Alarr’s strong and steady arms.
She mentally reached out to him to test their newly formed connection.  “Oh, Alarr, how long I have waited for this…for you.”
“So have I, Danielle.”
As Alarr rolled onto his side tucking Danielle in the crook of his arm, he slowly caressed her back.  “Isn’t this strange?  I can hear what you’re thinking and feeling,” Danielle projected through her thoughts.  “Can you hear how happy I am at this very moment, Alarr?”
“Yes, Danielle.  As am I.”
Sated from their shared passion, she sleepily replied, “Oh, Alarr, we will love each other forever.  Goodnight, my love.”
“Sleep well, Danielle.”
As Danielle closed her eyes entering her slumber and being dragged deeply down into the oblivion of sleep, she caught a last escaping thought from Alarr, “I’ve secured my station…Won’t feel guilty…I know I’ll come to truly love her in time…”

*****

As Danielle awoke the next morning, she realized that she was alone in their bed.  Alarr had already left for preparation of the coming battle.  Memories of his last thoughts slammed into her, tormenting her.  She couldn’t believe he had chosen the binding with her for anything less than love.  Goddess!  This meant forever!  Anything less would mean an eternity of misery.  She realized binding with her would raise his status in their ranks but believed his intentions to be honorable.  She was a fool to think any man could truly love her.  Unfortunately, she had no more time to ponder her situation now.  She had to ready herself for battle against the demon Huldrekall and join the others.  They must retrieve the Eye of Odin at all costs.
Rising to don her battle gear, Danielle knew that her confrontation with Alarr would have to be delayed until after the battle.  She hoped he would reassure her that she was wrong.  She clung to that hope and steeled herself for the battle ahead.
She made her way outside the castle searching for a glimpse of Alarr and was unable to mentally connect with him.  Finding none, she put up her own mental barrier, marched with her fellow warriors, gathering on the shore of the North Sea.
With the roar of the battle cry rising around her, she put all thoughts of betrayal out of her mind and engaged the enemy demons with the ferocity of the true warrior that she was.  Slicing through the fray with her mighty sword.  A sword forged for her alone that was spelled to aid her in her efforts as a Freyodin Warrior.  A weapon that had been bestowed upon her by the Goddess of war herself.  No one else could make the weapon perform as she could.
The battle raged on and on.  It seemed almost insurmountable.  Danielle watched as many of her fellow Shieldmaidens, friends and warriors lie wounded and dying around her.  Blood and death were everywhere.  She saw Emeline and other healers racing about attending the wounded.  Wand wielders used their magic spells to amplify the strengths of others.  Shields threw up their protection spells all around.  Even Myste, with her hair flowing black as night, was raining down thunderbolts side by side with Thunder.  But there seemed no end in sight and no greater battle had been fought with such cost.
Refusing defeat, she battled on with her mighty sword until an unbearable pain racked through her entire body.  It felt as though her soul was being ripped from her being.  With an agonizing scream, she fell to her knees and knew nothing more…

*****

Danielle started and opened her eyes, waking in a cold clammy sweat.  She was still in flight.  She tried to push down the bitter memories and wounds of her past that the dream had awakened.  Multitudes had died that day, including Alarr, and the Eye of Odin was never recovered.  Lost, they said.  But at least the demon horde didn’t still have possession of it.  Better lost than in their hands.  The horrors on earth would be endless.
Because of their bonding, she had felt Alarr’s death immediately.  Although his body was never found, she felt it in her soul that he was no more.  She wrapped her fingers around the chain still located around her neck, where it would stay, removable only upon death.  A reminder of her bitterness and the resentment she harbors, of who she is and the position of her life that haunts her, keeping her from being the ordinary woman she wishes to be, immortal or not.
I never wanted to be a demi-goddess anyway.
All the perks seemed to be on the negative side and she’d gladly give it up any day.  But no one offered her the option of picking door number two.  Unfortunately, life, or in this case, immortality, just wasn’t a game show.

*****
Chapter Three



This was the location in Zahara's vision.  As Freya had foretold, she could feel the presence of the binding chain in the area.  She was in the right place.
She breathed in the salty sea air and was thankful for the shrouded cover of night.  The moon was not shining its brightest as the clouded skies obscured its pathway toward the earth’s surface.  Very few stars were visible in the smoky tinted heavens.  She wouldn’t need to utilize her shadowing skills that normally would cloak her from the view of unsuspecting mortals.
Or would she?  She knew she was alone in the sense that no mortals were about, but something was near.  Something not quite ominous or threatening, but a presence none the less.  Whatever it was, it masked its existence successfully like an unseen specter, with an almost non-existent manifestation.
Or maybe it was just her imagination because Danielle had a great sense…of the paranormal or otherwise, and being paranormal herself assured her of that.  She was probably just spooking herself because of this assignment.  If you could really call it an assignment.  Moreover, it was her duty to retrieve the binding chain.  A duty she dreaded more than ever after reliving the horrid past via her nightmare on the plane.  Too bad she couldn’t get one of the guys to erase that particular memory.  But that neat little trick wouldn’t work on her.
Yes, that’s what it was.  Just her nerves working overtime.  Best to get on with it then.
After a quick reconnaissance of the building and surrounding area, Danielle determined there were no guards or alarms to disarm.  That was a promising sign.  This mission might play out easier than expected.  Goddess, I love a quickie.  She snickered quietly to herself, glad that her mood had improved somewhat.  Nobody liked a ‘Debbie Downer,’ or in this case a ‘Downer Danielle”.
With a deep breath and a quick shiver to dispel the lack of confidence she felt about this assignment, she grabbed her tool kit from inside her leather coat and proceeded to pick the lock of the solid steel door in front of her.  She preferred not to trace into unknown buildings.  Safety first.  Being immortal is no excuse for carelessness.  Running into something hard or sharp in the dark could be a real bitch.  Besides, it hurt.
Entering the pitch black warehouse with caution, she immediately regretted not having the forethought to bring one of the guys along to be her eyes and ears on this one.  She could have used a pair of those wondrous preternatural eyes right now.  Why didn’t I get that nifty little gift?  Because you’re not a vampire, dip shit!  Alright, this was no time for jealousy.  Ahh, but Ghost would have been especially useful with his invisibility skills.  Another thing she’d never have.  She’d have to give herself a good ass-kicking later, but for now, she had a job to do.  She was just too disturbed by the discovery of Alarr’s binding chain, and all that it might imply, to think clearly enough to have handled this mission on her own.  Berating herself once again, she realized that she really had to get her head in the game.  Oh well, she’d just have to enter blindly, or rather with her standard issued flashlight.
With a click, she was able to maneuver around the room enough to see tall, metal shelving lining the walls laden with objects that had been retrieved from the site where the digging was taking place.  In the middle of the room, long worktables ran parallel to one another down the length of the room.  Archeological tools for examination, along with a few finds in various stages of cleaning cluttered on the surfaces.  Knowing the chain was somewhere nearby, she wished she had another nifty little gift like an alien tracking beam would be really nifty about now.  She snickered to herself.
Supposing this was as good a place to start as any other in her search, she perused the shelves and tables as quickly and quietly as possible but saw nothing remotely resembling what she sought.  Albeit, there sure was a lot of dirt and dust.  She felt the overwhelming need for a coughing fit but managed to hold it in.  Bins full of dirt, covered by what she thought to be straining screens of some sort, sat haphazardly around the room.  Obviously used for sifting of smaller objects.  Didn’t even play in the dirt when I was little, now I have to go through all of this?  Yuck!
Even as stealthy as she was, she knew she was busted when bright light suddenly flooded the darkened room.
Oh well, can’t win them all, she thought as she turned, armed and ready for confrontation, toward a deep, rich, male voice clearing his throat.  When she met his gaze, she got lost in the abyss of his deep blue eyes.
  Wow.  He’s beautiful.  He was unarmed and didn’t look threatening.  Shirtless and clad only in rumpled pajama pants, she took him in from head to toe.  His sandy blonde hair was disheveled with a bad case of bedhead syndrome and a strong, square jaw that needed a shave.  Then there was that mouth…that very kissable mouth, whose lips tilted upward in a quirk showing a bit of curiosity.  Intrigued she continued her gaze downward admiring the tanned muscular build of his bare chest.  Hairless, I like it.  She could see the definition of every sinewy muscle, his flat stomach, then the fine arrowing of hair below leading to a pronounced V shape of his hips pointing the way to a nice sized bulge at half-mast that was strategically hidden by his pajama pants - until it twitched slightly under her gaze.
“Are you quite finished?” he inquired very calmly.
Snapping back to reality, she replied, “Excuse me?”  She realized she had completely forgotten to try and shadow herself or trace out of there.  Oops.
“Checking me out.  Have you seen enough yet?  Or should I turn around and give you the full tour?  And while we’re at it, who are you and what are you doing in my facility?”  Aaron didn’t feel the least bit threatened but was definitely intrigued.  What was this black leather clad beauty doing sneaking around here?
“Firstly, I wasn’t checking you out,” she lied unconvincingly.  “Secondly, my name is Danielle and I’m looking for something I’ve lost that belongs to me,” she confessed, not knowing why she offered so much information.  Goddess, she felt so embarrassed, which was kind of pissing her off.  She could feel the reddened flames crawling up her neck and onto her face, so wishing he’d turn the lights back off.  She should just conk the guy on the head and continue her search unimpeded, but for some reason she was drawn into the conversation, almost compelled.  I’m so screwed.
Widening his stance, he folded his arms across the front of his chest displaying beautifully defined biceps and raised his eyebrow into an expression of disbelief, staring narrowly at her.  “You were so checking me out, Danielle.”  He realized sarcasm wouldn’t get them anywhere so he changed his tactics.  “What is it that you’ve lost?  Perhaps I can assist you in finding it,” he offered.
“Believe me, if I was checking you out, you’d know it, buddy,” she threw back sassily at him placing her hands on her slender hips.  This was a distraction she didn't need.  A gorgeous distraction, but a distraction none the less.  She had to keep her mind on the mission and find the chain.
Realizing he was starting to annoy her and enjoying it, he continued the banter in a playful manner.  “Oh, I’m absolutely positive, and turnabout's fair play,” he chuckled slightly then began to move toward her, slowly making his way nearer to his would-be burglar.  Obviously, he wasn’t the least bit apprehensive of Danielle’s unexpected presence, but then he didn’t realize he was confronting an immortal warrior with superhuman strength.
Again, she zoned out and stared glassy-eyed at him.  All she noticed was the sleek, sexy swagger in the way he moved towards her.  Holy Hell, what is wrong with me.  Concentrate!
With one hand on her concealed weapon, Danielle braced herself, widened her stance and put up the other hand in front of her signaling him to stop.  “Hold it right there.  Don’t come any closer.  I wouldn’t want to have to hurt you.”
Although she had a veritable arsenal hidden in her leathers, hurting him was the very last thing on her mind at the moment, unless it was in a very good way.  This was so not the time to have a John Cougar Mellencamp melody running through her head.  She sure didn’t want to bruise the merchandise so she’d just have to play it cool and hope to get out of here as quickly as possible.  Then she’d get Ghost to come back with her to continue the search.  Thunder would just have to understand about the delay, somehow…
As he walked toward her, he blatantly ogled her body by making a mental account and cataloging ever detail to memory.  She was quite tall for a woman.  He estimated her to be about five foot ten, with true hourglass curves.  Beautiful blond hair streaked with red and brown highlights which was braided and hung down to the small of her back, penetrating hazel eyes that were once more appraising his physical attributes with interest, and she must have had that black leather outfit custom made because it looked like she’d been sewn into it.  The black vest revealed a pair of the most beautiful breasts he’d ever seen, or at least they would, if she’d let him remove it.  She certainly wasn’t one of his crew or workers and she didn’t look like she belonged around here in any fashion.  Although he wasn’t normally the type to consistently peruse the fairer sex, he would have noticed this one for sure.
“No need to get violent, Danielle.  I’m not going to hurt you.”  He wondered if the woman had actual training or if she was relying on some community self-defense type course that had been given by her local police or fire department.  By looking at her, he guessed it wasn’t the latter.  He threw his hands up in surrender and continued to come nearer, stopping with only an arm’s length between them.  He could smell her scent even through the stale dust filled air that surrounded them.  Vanilla and spice.  Intriguing.
“Not even a concern on my part, Mister.  So, what’s the verdict?”  Danielle swept her arms out in front of herself as if she was a merchandising model on a game show and her body was the display.  She still refused to admit she had started the obvious ogling.  Maybe if she just moved on and concentrated on his…
“I’m afraid I may insult my own intelligence by answering that question and offend you in the process, which I really don’t care to do either of.  I must insist on reserving judgment at the moment.  Further investigation and analysis are required to provide a satisfactory and more accurate report.”
Danielle just stared, unsure of what to say, which was very un-Danielle like.  Normally, her smartass comments seemed to be readily available without much thought at all.  She couldn’t recall ever feeling this disoriented, especially in the presence of a man.  And what a delicious man.
“Listen, nothing seems to be disturbed here so I don’t believe there’s any reason to involve the authorities or anything.”  He paused for a moment trying to judge her reaction to the situation, but she continued her doe-eyed stare.  Then he smiled at her.  And it was a lovely smile, a genuine smile, not one usually given by such an attractive, confident-looking man.  Not one of those Yes-I’m-Gorgeous-And-You-Know-You-Want-Me smiles.
"Let me introduce myself.  I’m Dr. Aaron Janson.  I’m an archeologist from the University of Oregon, in the United States.  And you are currently standing in my storage and research facility.”
Danielle accepted and lightly shook the hand that he offered.  “Very nice to meet you, Dr. Janson.”
“And you, as well, Danielle..?” Aaron said fishing for a last name.
“Please, just call me Danielle.”  Then with curiosity, she added, “You’re very far from home.  What’s so important that brings you all this way to dig in the dirt?”
“I’m here in search of an ancient relic.”
“Hah!  Somehow I knew you’d say that.  Isn’t that pretty much always the case for archeologists?” she chuckled but then quickly recovered.  “I’m sorry.  May I ask what this ancient relic might be?”
He saw no reason not to tell her.  She did look rather tough in her black leather get-up but was surely no threat.  And she was oh so sexy, too.  Thinking with his other brain, he pressed on with his explanation.
 “Sure.  It’s called the Eye of Odin which is rumored to have been lost somewhere in this vicinity around eight hundred years ago.”
She immediately jolted back to her senses as if a lightning bolt had zapped her right in the ass.  “You’re searching for what?” Danielle asked in a surprised elevated voice, not truly believing what she’d just heard.
“The Eye of Odin.  Local folklore and legend tell that there was a mythical battle around 1200 AD in which the Eye of Odin was lost and never recovered.  I know it’s a long shot, but I’ve recently uncovered information that leads me to believe that the battle was not so mythical after all and the Eye really exists.  Hence, my presence in your fair country.”
Holy shit!  This is worse than we thought.  He’s looking for the EOD.  Not to be confused with WMDs, but just as potent.  She couldn’t let him get his hands on the Eye of Odin.  Somehow, he was correct in his knowledge that it had been missing ever since that mythical battle he referred to, which of course wasn’t mythical at all.  But just how did he know?  No mortals knew.
“Okaayyy, Dr. Janson,” she singsonged whimsically.  After a brief pause and further thought she continued, “Maybe I can be of help to you.  I’m sort of from around here, you know, my relatives and all.  We go waaaay back.”  Chuckle. Chuckle.  “I might be able to provide some insight or information that may be useful in your search.  Who better to know the local legends of the area?  I’d like it if you’d allow me to hang around a bit and help out.”  She really hoped he bought her feigned interest.  She had to locate the chain and didn’t believe he had even the slightest chance of finding the EOD.
“Please, just call me Aaron, and I think I’d really enjoy having you around to give me a hand.”   Boy, would he?  He wasn’t quite sure what this sudden attraction was or why he was speaking in tacky double entendres, but he wasn’t getting any more sleep tonight and he sure as hell didn’t want Danielle to leave.  If he let her go, he may never find her again and he’d like the opportunity to get to know her better.  Much better.  “You can start first thing in the morning.”
“Sure, that sounds great.  I’ll just be going now,” she said quickly, hoping to escape unscathed and before he came to his senses and had her arrested.  Well, tried to have her arrested anyway.  She passed by him quickly heading toward the exit she’d broken into earlier to leave.
“Wait, you never told me what you lost and were looking for.  I’d still like to return the favor and assist you in your quest.”
“It’s an unusual piece of jewelry.”  Wondering how best to put this to make it sound like a legitimate excuse, she continued, “A family heirloom, a chain, actually. One that I lost around here a while back.”   Like eight hundred years back.  “Figured that if you and your crew were digging around the area, you might have stumbled upon it.  I’d sure like to retrieve it, if possible.”  She pasted a semi-sweet smile on her face.  She had a feeling this relationship was going to be chocked full of half-truths.
“A chain, huh?  Could you be a little more specific?” he inquired with curiosity.
“Yea, as I said, it’s very unusual.  Made from a rare metal and it sort of… glows.”  Then she quickly added, “Well, actually it wouldn’t be glowing now.”  She hoped he didn’t put too much stock into the ‘glowing’ remark.  Why can’t I keep my big mouth shut?
“It must be very meaningful to you to go through all this trouble.  You could have simply asked, you know.”  Aaron was full of sincerity and it was obvious that he truly meant his offer.
She shrugged her shoulders, rolled her eyes and replied, “I’m not the type to do anything simply.  I’m the more adventurous type.”  When he didn’t respond, she continued, “So, anything like that happen to be found at your dig site yet?”
”I’m not sure.  My workers brought in some items today that I haven’t been able to examine yet.  They still need to be cleaned, sorted and cataloged, but we could take a quick look if you’d like.”  This was as good an excuse as any to enjoy even more of her company, and he looked forward to the task ahead.    With the closer proximity, he might even get the opportunity to touch her at some point. Accidentally, of course.  “They’re right over here,” he shared as he moved to the far end of the worktable closest to him.  “Please, join me.”  He crooked his finger in her direction beckoning her to him.
Danielle sidled up next to him, feeling the heat his body exuded.  She breathed in his scent.  Spicy, earthy and all male.  Yum.  She had the oddest feeling that she’d met him before.  He reminded her of someone…  She just wasn’t quite sure yet though who that might be.
Aaron lifted several small items and began supplying various facts about each.  He obviously loved his work and was apparently very good at it, but most of what he said went right over Danielle’s head.  Not only because she was ignorant about the subject matter, but because her attraction was definitely getting in the way and making it difficult to focus on what he was actually saying.  She did enjoy watching his sensuous mouth, though.  Thank Goddess there wouldn’t be a test later.
Unfortunately, their search was fruitless, but with Aaron’s invitation to help out around the dig site, she wouldn’t get a better opportunity to continue with her own search.  Freya had insisted on its recovery and she didn’t want to piss off dear old Mom.  With that thought, she realized she needed to retreat and report on all she’d discovered, no matter how much she enjoyed the current view.  There was more at stake now than just the binding chain.  They had to discover just how close Aaron was and stop him from actually finding the Eye of Odin, or at the very least, retrieve it the moment he located it if it really had ended up at this location.  She wondered just where he got his information, but would have to focus on that later.  No need to make him too suspicious.
By sensuously stretching with her arms raised and bent behind her head, thereby jutting out her firmly pebbled breasts for his viewing pleasure, Danielle stifled a fake yawn and tried to excuse herself for the evening. No reason not to leave him with something to think about.  “Thank you so much for helping me tonight,” she said.  “I apologize for not taking a more practical approach in my quest.”  Not.  She ambled toward the door adding a little sexy strut to her movements and, with a last perusal over her shoulder, she threw back, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Regretting that she was leaving and not knowing quite what to say, he spit out, “We get started bright and early around here.  I, uh, look forward to tomorrow.  Do you need a lift home?”
“No thanks.  I’ve got my own transportation.”  With that she quickly exited the building, shot around the corner and disappeared.  Literally.
For Aaron, morning couldn’t come soon enough.

*****

This is going rather nicely, she thought to herself.
From a distance, she watched with muted interest as Danielle traced from the dig site.  There was no need to follow her.  She’d gathered all the information she could gleam for the moment.  No, spying wasn’t beneath her.  Sometimes it was necessary.  She smiled slyly to herself as the scent of arousal skittered through the air and brushed the tip of her nose.  The atmosphere wasn’t rank with the provocative fragrance, but the scintillating waif was promising of things to come.
Yes, she’d have to keep watch and hope the plan she’d set into motion played out to her expectations.  It may be wrong, but she planned to use this to her advantage.
She’d just have to keep waiting for the right time and watching…

*****

Danielle reappeared on the edge of Reine, a nearby fishing village located on the island of Moskenesøya in the cluster of islands called Lofoten.  The Shangri-La-like village with a population of just over 300 people lay just beyond the Reinebringen Mountain.  Even in the dark of night, the sprawling village dotted with red and white abodes along its coast called to her like a Whooper Swan’s noisy but irresistible honking call echoing through the air.  The air was cool and the waters calm as she made her way to the small but charming cottage she currently occupied.  She looked forward to waking to a familiar and much-missed dawn where the crystal blue lake surrounded by deeply green covered brush would happily greet her.  She’d missed the traditional fare available for consumption here, but most of all the local cuisine, she’d longed for bilberries and cloudberries, used in marmalade, desserts and cakes.  With a smile, she recalled a time she had cultivated these same wild berries in her own private garden.
Knowing she had to report to Thunder about the unexpected findings of the day, but dreading it all the same, Danielle grabbed her cell and placed the call.  She feared what this new discovery might entail, but steeled herself for the conversation ahead while the phone made its connection.
Checking the display that announced Danielle as the caller, Thunder answered his cell phone without a needed greeting, “Yes, Danielle.  Report.”  Always straight to the point.
“Thunder, you’re not going to like what I have to tell you, I’m afraid.  First, there’s no sight of the binding chain yet, but I’ve managed to gain a position to assist with the discoveries of the dig site starting tomorrow morning.  The problem lies in what they are actually searching for.  It’s the Eye.  The freakin’ Eye of Odin.”
Stunned momentarily by her revelation, Thunder sat up ramrod straight in his chair, his voice raised steadily in pitch and volume as he inquired, “The Eye?  But how do they know about the EOD?  Their mortals!  It’s only myth to them.”
“Not sure, but this archeologist named Aaron Janson, from the University of Oregon, tells me that he’s recently uncovered information that leads him to believe that The Great Battle was not so mythical after all and that Eye really exists.”
“And just what is it he’s found that leads him to believe this?”  Absolutely nothing came to mind.  Surely, no immortal would communicate such information to a human.  Whether on the side of good or bad, the secrecy of their existence must be kept, for all their sakes.  Pandemonium would ensue otherwise.
“I haven’t been able to get that bit of information yet but, like I said, I’m returning in the morning and will prod him further.  I’ll report any findings, of course.”
“Most definitely.  Keep me apprised immediately.  We may have to intervene depending on what you discover,” Thunder instructed.  Innocent mortals would never be harmed, but they may be in for a major memory wipe that would leave them feeling like they weren’t in Kansas anymore.  Then they would have to follow all of the rabbit trails to any and everyone that had been privy to the forbidden knowledge.
“I’ll call you back as soon as I have something else to report.”  Danielle took the opportunity to disconnect as soon as it was offered.  Depending on what she discovered, Dr. Aaron Janson might find his little excursion taken over by unwanted guests in the very near future.

*****

Tormond felt the tormenting but familiar pain coursing through his brain.  It was an unwelcomed agony.  A tactic used against him for simultaneous torture and a reminder of who was in complete control.  He wanted to clutch his head within his hands and longed for a reprieve of even the smallest of relief.
In his crouched subservient position, he watched the God before him as he drilled into his skull with deceptively piercing eyes, unable to retract from the compulsion governing the unwilling vessel he resided within.  His deep punishing voice convulsed through him, consuming his mind and body, even to the depths of his very soul, though there was little of that left to be had.
“What is taking so long, Tormond?  I am not pleased!  I must have the Eye of Odin, to be able to locate the Spear of Truth and the Heart of Hope.  This is a race against time and as of now the Gods are unaware of my actions in seeking the relics.  If Freya and Odin discover what’s taking place right under their noses and find them first, they will be able to banish me from the mortal realm.  I will not allow the Gods to deny me access to my playground that I have enjoyed for centuries.  It is bad enough their warriors intercept so often in my musings.  You will get me the sacred relics or face the consequences.”
“I have hired a human and provided him with all of the necessary documents needed to locate the Eye of Odin and soon you will have it in your hands, Father,” Tormond rasped through ragged breaths, kneeling before Loki’s sacred shrine.
Although fierce, Loki was seductively handsome draped in his royal garments of emerald and gold and appeared before him like the air that seemed to move in shimmering waves above a heated highway.  He was known as the Trickster God with evil intentions, called the Originator of Deceits, and the disgrace of all Gods and men, possessing the powers of fire and magic.
 Tormond knew well the punishments that Loki was capable of inflicting when dissatisfied.  He had seen and experienced enough of them over his centuries of service.  Loki took pleasure in twisting the most pleasant dream or worst nightmares into a reality that no sane person or immortal could bear.
“As soon as I have acquired the first relic, I will decimate the site and destroy all involved.  Our continued efforts to locate the remaining relics will be secure from prying eyes.  I assure you.”
“Do not make me wait much longer, Tormond.  My patience is limited and if need be, I will replace you with one of my other Earthbound children.  Perhaps a little persuasion is needed.”  The anger drained from Loki’s face and with an utterly bored effort, he limply flipped his wrist and snapped his fingers.
Before Tormond could plead for leniency or mercy, his worst fears became reality.  He instantly found himself writhing and drowning in a river of lava, the flames licking his entire body, the smell of burnt flesh filling his nostrils.  He knew that this event was not physically happening to him and was a complete figment of his imagination, but the experience always felt real, as tangible as the screams he emitted.  He felt his skin melting away from his bones, his eyes bursting from their sockets, every nerve within his body alert to feel every excruciating torment as it was given in slow increments.  The punishment went on and on until finally his body seized and Loki allowed him the sweet relief of darkness.
Regaining consciousness, Tormond realized that the candles had completely melted around the altar where he had previously knelt.  The smell of burning flesh lingered in his mind and in his nostrils.  His throat felt as raw as a wooden plank that had been stripped of it’s protective coat of varnish thanks to the uncontrollable screaming he had emitted.  Painfully rising to a sitting position, he reached into his pocket for his bottle of aspirins, popping several into his mouth and chewing them like candy, as he examined himself.  The immortality granted to him by Loki afforded his body to take all measures of torture and he would never meet his true rest unless his head or heart was removed.
Drained, he craved the blood he needed to replenish his strength.  He rose slowly on unsteady legs and shuffled his way to the door.  He stood still for a moment, taking in deep restorative breaths.  I will not show weakness to any of those beneath me.  I must feed.
He couldn’t begrudge his father.  After all, he enjoyed and used torture to serve his own needs, as well.  Although, not with the magnitude Loki managed to do so.  He also knew that if he did harness that kind of power within himself, he’d do the same without hesitation.  Why dish it out if you can’t take it?
Exiting the altar room, Tormond locked the door behind him and immediately became aware of the sounds rising up from downstairs on the casino floor.  The pull of the automated arm, the musical clanging of coins dropping, the clinking of glasses and shouts of elation and despair.  Then the pungent smell of a patron smoking assaulted him.  A reminder he didn’t relish, causing him to cringe.
Walking down the narrow hallway he spotted one of his elite personal bodyguards.  As he approached, he appreciated the strength the human exuded and took in his physical form.  He was built like a mountain.  Dressed in a black custom fit suit that covered his double shoulder holster, Stan was the perfect specimen to keep all of the other humans in his employment in line.  But Stan was more than that.  For reasons he didn’t quite understand, he had a soft spot for the guy that bordered on protective.  Maybe it was because Stan, out of all his other employees and demonic underlings, was genuine in his role as his bodyguard.  He performed his duties above and beyond without expectation like it was an honor to serve him.  Everyone else wanted something from him whether it be immortality or a bonus check, they all wanted something.
“Stan, how are my profits this evening?”  Tormond did his best to stand tall and reclaim his authoritative voice.
“A great many losers and no issues with security, Mr. T,” Stan replied respectfully.  “The Fire and Dice Casino is always a winner.  Everything is so in line that I’m feeling a little bored.  I think I need to go out and have a little fun.”
Tormond was not only a demi-god, the son of Loki and leader of his demon horde, he was a successful business owner and had his hands wrapped around the organized crime in the Las Vegas area.  The Fire and Dice Casino had made him a wealthy and respected businessman.
“Oh, you’ll find something fun soon enough.  Now, go downstairs and send Holly to my office.  I’m feeling a little hungry.”  Tormond commanded Stan with as much strength he could muster as he continued to make his way towards his office.
“Yes, sir.  I’ll send her up right away,” Stan said making his way down the hallway towards the elevator leading to the slot machine area below.
 Opening the door to his office, Tormond made his way across the plush red carpet, towards his mahogany desk.  Seating himself in his high-backed executive leather chair, he pulled his cell phone from his jacket pocket.  Noting there were no current messages or missed calls, he dialed Holden, one of his most trusted demons.  Impatiently waiting for the call to connect, Tormond mumbled to himself.  “Damn cell phones.  Holden had better be nearby and pick up.”  He popped another couple of aspirins and ground them between his teeth swallowing down the acidic chalky taste.
Upon the second ring, he heard Holden grunt and say, “Yes, my Lord.”
“Be in my office in thirty minutes.  Bring Hanna and Heidi with you,” Tormond commanded, trying to keep the urgency out of his voice.
“We will be there, my Lord.”
Pressing end and putting his cell phone back in his pocket, Tormond heard a quiet knock on his door.  Ahh, my nourishment has arrived.  And she’s one of my favorites.  “Come in, Holly,” he called out, anxiously awaiting this evening’s meal.
Holly timidly entered his office, the scent of fear wafting around her.  He loved intimidating these puny human females.  They were really good for only two things, blood and sex.  He often wondered if enthralling them multiple times is what caused their fear.  Maybe it had less effect in that instance.  He knew it couldn’t be caused by his personal appearance or his treatment of them in a normal setting.   He was known to be quite handsome, especially with his ice blue eyes and charming demeanor.  He was tall, tanned and strongly built with a much better-than-average physique.  He kept his lightly highlighted brown hair in a neat, professional men’s style, not too long, not too short.
His status and wealth aside, he knew that with his tall good looks alone, he could have any of the women down in his casino with the snap of his fingers.  They’d fall all over themselves to rub their willing bodies up against him.  But he preferred his women on the unwilling side.  They were a bit more fun.
Hell, he’d topped the list of Las Vegas Sexiest Bachelors just last year.  The conclusion must be over-enthrallment.
He would not kill this one.  She was one of his favorites to feed from.  He’d have to keep a close eye on her though for any signs of recognition.  Besides, it was always such a bother having to replace employees.  Enthralling would do, once again, for this evening.
“Good evening, Mr. Tormond,” Holly said with a tremor in her voice.  “I’ve brought you your evening meal and your usual Bloody Mary,” she continued as she came around his desk to place the serving tray in front of him.  Once her hands were empty, Tormond grabbed her roughly, causing her to gasp in greater fear.
“Look at me, Holly,” he ordered.  She reluctantly met his gaze, a look of shock still on her face.  He immediately enthralled her to a calmer state, relaxing her, as he drew her down onto his already eager lap.
He moved Holly’s long blond hair to the side, longingly watching the rapidly pulsing vein that stretched the length of her neck.  She smelled of light sweat and something sweet and he breathed her in as he drew her down to his mouth.  Baring his fangs, he pierced her slender neck and the blood flowed pleasingly down his throat causing him to groan as he lapped at her fair skin.  As great as his need was, he was mindful of controlling his intake and not leave Holly in an unsuitable condition.  She would have to return to work, after all.  
His hands trembled with anticipation as he ran them along the hem of her short-skirted uniform, up her silken thighs, grabbed her panties and quickly removed them.  Lifting her onto the desk, he released his belt and lowered his pants to his knees.  He grabbed her waist and brought her closer to him as he adjusted her to straddle him with her center and plunged to the hilt in one satisfying thrust.  He had no concern for her comfort as she whimpered in pain.  There were no tender caresses to be shared.  His needs were all that mattered.
He lifted her by her hips along his length and as he felt his climax approaching, he resentfully willed her to orgasm so he could receive the psychic sexual feed he required along with her blood.  This would add to the replenishment of his strength.  Completion was quick with grunts and fleeting moans.  No shouts of elations were expected or shared.  He closed the wound on her neck with a lick of his tongue, lifted her off of his body and instructed her to get dressed.
After straightening his own clothing, he placed his hand under her chin forcing her to look into his eyes once more, releasing her from his enthrallment and wiping away the remnants of what had just transpired between them.
“Thank you for bringing my dinner and drink to me this evening, Holly.  Now, go on downstairs and continue with your work,” Tormond said returning to a professional demeanor.
“Yes, Mr. Tormond,” she replied with confusion in her voice as she slightly wobbled on her way to the door.  He smirked devilishly as she turned her back to leave.  When she opened the door to exit, he saw the demons he had summoned standing in the doorway, preparing to enter.  They glared down at the human, and with a snarl, pushed their way past her, closing the door behind them.  The smell of sex and blood hung thickly in the air.
“You needed to see us, my Lord?” Hanna inquired as she, Heidi, and Holden moved as one to stand in front of his desk, their solidarity reminded him of stiffly marching German soldiers from that World War he barely paid attention to.  Inheriting the ability to shapeshift from Loki, the demons could change their appearance as they pleased, but Tormond demanded them in human form in his presence.  Hanna had chosen today’s human form resembling a young college student with long blonde hair and innocent blue eyes, whereas Heidi had selected short black hair and piercing green eyes.  As predicted, Holden maintained his black hair and black eyes.  He didn’t prefer the option to change frequently as the females did.  At well over six feet, he lived to look the vicious demon that he was, which stemmed from the fact that in his human life, he had been a very scrawny, weakling of a man.
“Hanna, you will head to the North Sea excursion site and light a fire under that archeologist’s ass.  I want that damn Eye of Odin now.  It’s imperative that I get it soon,” Tormond instructed, noticing his strength had been restored.  Showing weakness was not an option, especially before his demons.  Looking at Heidi and Holden, he ordered, “You two hold down the fort while Hanna is away and keep working on the recruiting campaign.  Building our army is imperative for our future needs.”
“Yes, my Lord.  As you command,” all three answered in unison then turned and exited his office.
Once again, Tormond reached into his pocket for his bottle of aspirins.

*****
Chapter Four



Northern Norway is often described as the land of the midnight sun, a natural phenomenon occurring in the summer months at places north of the Arctic Circle and south of the Antarctic Circle where the sun remains visible at midnight.  It is also the land of the northern lights, or aurora borealis, a natural light display in the sky caused by the collision of energetic charged particles with atoms in the high altitude atmosphere.  Thus named by the French philosopher, priest, scientist, astronomer, and mathematician, Pierre Gassendi, in 1621, after the Roman Goddess of Dawn, Aurora, and the Greek name for the north wind, Boreas.
This occurrence cannot normally be seen by the naked human eye during daylight hours, but Danielle relished the beautiful and majestic marvel as she walked along the cliffs of her homeland in the direction of the archeological site.  She could have quickly traced directly to her desired location, but chose instead to take the scenic route along the coastline, reminiscing about the innumerable fjords, skerries and islands that converged together to create the mountainous cliff she currently trod.  As she peered over the rugged edge, she watched the thunderous waves crash angrily against the jagged stacks of rocks below.  If she had time, she would have loved to dive far off the precipice and into the deep waters below and swim in the wild current letting the icy, chilling liquid envelope her being.  She dreamed of taking long, languid strokes until her mind entered a blissful, thoughtless state.  But sadly, that was not to be on this glorious morning.
Aaron was already busy at work when Danielle arrived, still sporting his bed head look.  In typical Aaron fashion, he was wearing a pair of nice fitting jeans and a tight black T-shirt that stretched across an impressive looking chest and biceps that read ‘Archeologists Do It In The Dirt.’  Danielle couldn’t help but visualize that scenario which made her skin start tingling again.
Seeing her enter, Aaron set aside what he was examining to give Danielle his full attention.  “Good morning, Danielle.  I’m so glad you could make it.  I was wondering if you truly wanted to get down and dirty with me today.  At the dig site, I mean.”  Not.  He chuckled teasingly adding, “If you’d like, I can get you a safety mask to avert any possible respiratory problems that might come up caused from the dust,” he offered.  “I hope you don’t have any allergies.”
Danielle acquiesced and sauntered over to him, proffering her hand in greeting.  “Good morning to you, too, Aaron.  And no, I won’t be requiring a mask.  I’ve got a great set of lungs.  Thanks anyway.”  She puffed out her chest slightly in demonstration drawing his attention directly to her breasts but trying not to be too obvious.  She never was very good at subtle.
Okay, so the teasing has already begun.  I’ve really got to find that chain and gather the info on the EOD.  Have to stick to the plan.  I don’t get paid to goof around.  Wait a minute, I don’t get paid!
He pulled his eyes back to her face meeting her at eye level and noticing the additional glorious features thereon.  What a beautiful face.  Her moist lips, riveting eyes, a pert little nose, the curve of her jaw, leading down her slender throat to her collarbone and then lower to the inviting swells atop her breasts.  Wait, I’m back where I started.
Clearing his throat, he quickly recovered and motioned to the table behind him.  “My assistant, Jake, brought in some additional items this morning.  We could start there if you’d like.  Come on, I’ll give you the speedy version of what I teach at the University.  Sort of like speed dating…five minutes here, five minutes there…”
“That sounds great,” she chuckled.  “While we’re doing that, why don’t you tell me a little more about this Eye of Odin thingy you’re searching for,” she said hoping to get him on the right topic.  She remembered well her inability to withhold much information last night and hoped there wouldn’t be a repeat performance today.  She needed to be the one retrieving intel now, not giving it.
“Yes, well, as I mentioned last night, I work with the Department of Archeology at the University of Oregon.  I was approached by a private benefactor who had access to some unusual documentation he claimed was passed down in his family over the years.  I have someone back at the University, a linguist colleague of mine, working on translating it, but we were able to decipher enough information that led me here to begin the search.  You could say that I’m a wee bit impatient.”
“A private benefactor, huh?  Wow, he must really want that Eye thing pretty bad,” she said fishing for more information.  Got to figure out who this person is and where those documents are.  They must also be retrieved.
“Yes, it’s quite the opportunity and I was very fortunate to receive it.”  He picked up a bin and headed to a worktable that contained a laptop and a number of other archeological tools.  “Come on, let’s get started,” he prompted.  Before she could inquire further, he said with excitement, “Oh wow, I think I’ve found a chain here.  Let’s clean it up and see if it’s the one you’re missing.”  He held it up for her review.  “What do you think?  Does it look familiar?”
Danielle gave a noncommittal gesture as her answer then became excited as well and rushed by his side to inspect what he’d found.  Immediately, she felt the attraction to the chain and although she was certain it was Alarr’s binding chain due to the lure of the object, she allowed Aaron to take his time with the steps he’d normally take with any other object.  She didn’t want to arouse his suspicion any more than necessary before she had a chance to actually take possession of it.  It currently looked like a broken length of dirty chain.
“I’ll just give a bit of going over so that I can examine it more closely.  I’ll do a proper cleaning afterward.”
She watched as he carefully donned a pair of gloves and began meticulously brushing the earthly clumps from the chain, cleaning it in a manner that wouldn’t add further damage to it.
Danielle watched and waited patiently, observing the way Aaron treated his find with such care and concern as if it might be made of sand and crumble right within his hands.
After the initial cleaning was completed, he began to examine the chain carefully when he asked, “How old did you say this chain was?  I can’t seem to identify the material.”  He removed his gloves to get a better feel of the object.  “It’s some kind of metal but almost fluid-like in its consistency.  I’ve never seen anything like it.”  He looked a little closer.  “Wow, if I had to guess”, he lowered his voice quizzically, “and didn’t know any better, I’d say we’ve uncovered some kind of alien artifact here.”
Danielle chuckled and started intoning the Twilight Zone theme song.  “Do do do do, do do do do…”
“I know, that’s completely ridiculous.  There’s got to be an explanation.”
Feigning interest, Danielle leaned in closer to Aaron’s side to get a better look at the chain in his hands, her arm brushing up against his as she did and suddenly there was a stunning jolt of electricity that shot through both of them.
“OW!” they both yelled simultaneously while blinking the black spots from their vision.  She grabbed the edge of the worktable until her vision cleared and a wave of dizziness had passed.
“Are you alright, Danielle?” Aaron gasped with concern, his breathing rapid and his heart pounding.
“Yes, I think so.  How about you?”  She found his concern flattering and tried to play off the connection they had just shared, hoping he wouldn’t delve too deeply into it.
“Yes, quite.  That was very strange.”  He had a puzzled look on his face that did nothing to detract from his appeal.  If anything, it made him more endearing.
If you only knew the half of that statement, she thought.  There wasn’t much left in the world that was considered weird or strange to her.
“I suppose I’d better put the gloves back on until I figure out what this is.  That was quite a shock.”
Danielle was still somewhat breathless as she noticed the chain wasn’t in his hands or on the table.  “Where’d the chain go?” she asked as she took a seat on the opposite side of the table.  Distance would be a great thing to prevent another possible shock.
He looked around the table, then checked the surrounding floor, bending down to look underneath it.  As he stood back upright, he felt something cold brush his neck.  He began laughing and tugging on the neckline of his t-shirt.
“Well, somehow it’s wound up around my neck.”  For a split-second, he braced himself for a repeat shock, but nothing happened and he sighed with relief.
He had his arms bent with his hands behind his head to the back of his neck searching for the clasp to remove it.  Finding no clasp there, he began rotating the chain on his neck continuing the search.  “Can you give me a hand?  I can’t seem to get this thing off.”
She joined in his laughter thinking it must be hung up on his shirt.  “Glad you didn’t say it disappeared.  Here, let me have a look.”  If she was really careful she could dislodge the snag from his shirt without touching his actual skin.  She didn’t know why or what caused that previous jolt, but she certainly didn’t want another one.
Danielle reached out to assist him with the chain and braced herself for another possible shock, actually dreading any contact with him, at the moment.  She tentatively reached for the chain brushing up against him lightly with her fingers.  Instead of a shock, the sensation was replaced by a delicious tingling that riveted throughout her body from her fingers to her toes.  She suddenly felt flush, her nipples hardening and an ache was building low in her stomach.  The look on Aaron’s face told her that he’d experienced the same sensation, though neither commented on it.
Maybe if we ignore it, it will go away.
As she got a good look, her nervous laughter turned to quiet concern.  Holy crap!  It has attached to Aaron?  Why?  He is not Alarr.  Danielle conceded that there were similarities between Aaron and Alarr which could explain her first impression of thinking that he reminded her of someone.  She now understood that ‘remembered’ someone was Alarr.  Aaron had the same height and coloring, and although he was nicely built, he certainly wasn’t near the size Alarr had been.  But still, she couldn’t shake the peculiar feeling she had that ambled somewhere in the back of her consciousness.
Danielle knew that once attached, the chains were only removable by death.  Oh Goddess, what was she going to do.  How can I explain this to him when I don’t understand it myself.
Attempting to rein in her panic, she quickly removed her hands and said, “I’m afraid I can’t find a clasp either.  It’s too small to remove over your head.  Maybe we can cut it off or something,” she said while putting the distance back between them.
She knew full well this was not possible, but she needed to tell him something to postpone until she could get some help from the others.  She avoided eye contact hoping he couldn’t see the lies she was forced to tell him.  And forced it was with that almost-compulsion-to-tell-the-truth thing going on, giving her a feeling of dismay and sadness she was sure ran to the depths of her soul.
 
*****

Aaron was rather unconcerned with his current dilemma.  It was only a chain after all.  He was more preoccupied with the beautiful woman in the room.  He had resumed working in order to take his mind off of her, but it wasn’t working quite as well as he’d hoped.  He couldn’t explain his reactions when she had touched him earlier.  A rush of heat inflamed his body and his cock hardened uncomfortably within his jeans.  He fought the impulse to reach down and rearrange himself.
His scientific mind insisted he explore the cause of the initial shock, but his body knew firsthand the reaction to her nearness.  When her hands had brushed against him and the tingling sensation began, an overwhelming craving for more of her touch consumed him and now he fought hard against the urge to reach out and drag her across the table that separated them.
At least Danielle’s demeanor had improved.  Before resuming their work, he had the crushing feeling that she was saddened.  Maybe she felt responsible because it was her property.  Or at least he thought it was her property.  She’d never quite answered his question.  And what strange property it was.  He had a lot of new questions to find answers for.
Aaron’s eyes drifted toward her.  She looked incredibly sexy and inviting in dusty jeans and a red top that stopped just above her navel.  She pushed stray loose hairs from her face and shook her head, tossing her long silky braid over her slender shoulder.  Looking up, she noticed his attention on her and smiled nervously.
“You have a beautiful smile, Danielle.”  His voice was warm and soft, belying the sudden desire in his stormy eyes.
“Thank you.  I like your smile, too,” she said unable to look away, her heart rate began to soar and her breath shortened.  The heat reflected in his deep blue eyes made her yearn for his touch drawing her like a moth to a flame.  She felt the result of that heated look as moisture spread between her legs dampening her panties.
Unable to resist further, he rose from his seat and stepped closer to her, never losing contact with her beckoning eyes.  “Danielle,” he said in a deep husky voice.  “Can I touch you?”  
“Yes.  Please…”   Her soft voice mirroring his fervent need.
He slowly lifted his hands cupping her face in them, his thumbs brushing over her cheekbones.  Skin soft as satin.  “I have to touch you, Danielle.  You’re so beautiful.  I’ve never seen anything so beautiful, felt anything so exquisite.”
She felt the tingling jolt return, racing through her body as he touched her.   Her skin heated wherever he stroked causing her body to tremble.  He ran the pad of his thumb over her lower lip, moving down to her throat, caressing her with intimacy and passion.  Her pulse and breath increased and her eyelids became so heavy they closed of their own accord.
He lowered his face to hers and took her willing mouth in a demanding and hungry kiss, licking along the seam of her lips until she opened for him.  Eagerly sucking his tongue into the warm recesses of her mouth, Danielle met his kiss greedily, marrying her tongue with his, exploring each other in a sensual dance.
Her body readied for his welcomed invasion, tightening, clenching and aching for his touch.  He lifted her from her seat, wrapping one arm around her waist and pulled her to him.  He pressed his lean hips to hers revealing the hardness of his erection directly against the seam of her jeans.
 “Feel what you’ve done to me.  I’m on fire for you,” he rasped and his panting breath matched her own.
Trying to gather her senses, she pushed him away gently.  Aaron searched and saw the confusion clearly reflected on her face.  The nagging voice of doubt intruded her mind like a thin fog making her unsure this was a wise decision.  Unsure of what to say or do and so not used to being this out of control of her emotions.
Still, lust permeated the air and the intensity was crushing.  He wanted her.  Wanted her with a passion and need he’d never felt before.  Wanted to feel her soft skin next to his, to suck her heavy, supple breasts in his eager mouth and lap her taut nipples with his tongue.  Wanted her under him naked, to fill her everywhere he desired until they were both sated and drained.  Although the current place and timing were not convenient to carry out his wishes, he couldn’t wait any longer.
The heat that was evident in his eyes was contagious.  Her own hazel eyes flared brightly as images flooded her mind of just what he might do to her.  She could feel his length jutted against her sex through her jeans, but it wasn’t enough.  She wondered what his cock would feel like in her hands, how thick, long and hard it was when erect.  But she had no chance to find out as the decision was suddenly ripped from her.
She looked at him and when their eyes met the wanton gaze on her face was all the permission he needed to the unasked question between them.  He recognized her need was as great as his.  With a wild, hungry look in his eyes and growled, “I have to have you.  Now.”
Labored breath escaped her body in a rush as he drove her up against the wall, crushing her inviting mouth with his and grinding his strong hips against hers.  Taking her mouth with forceful, deep strokes of his tongue, showing no mercy.  Danielle returned his kiss just as aggressively meeting his hips grind for grind.  Raising his muscular jean clad leg, he wedged his knee between her already weak thighs and began rubbing against the apex of her legs.  She submitted fully, letting go and allowing her body to float away as on a sea of sensations.  His swollen cock flexed against his body, aching to be free of confinement.  He groaned, needing to be buried deep within her.
Without pause, she reached between their bodies to unfasten his jeans, reaching down to fill her hand with his hard, rigid length.  “Yes, please…” she moaned breathily.  “Now.”
Foreplay forgotten, neither took the time to explore or revel in the sight of the other, nor was there shared tenderness or fond caresses, but she didn’t care.  The urgency and heat were explosive, the ache between her legs unbearable, and all she wanted was to ride him until the ache was gone.
With one arm encircling her waist, he hurriedly used the other to push his jeans down just past his lean hips then quickly did the same with hers, only removing one entire leg with her hasty assistance, the rest pooling around her calf.  Clumsily, they completed the task of partially disrobing while managing to cling to one another.  The fingers of cool air suddenly touched their exposed skin.  Hungry lips meeting time and time again between constrained movements.  Then, in what seemed one graceful, fluid movement, Aaron grabbed her bare ass, lifted her and entered her, thrusting to the hilt in one stroke.  Roughly, he recaptured her swollen, crimson lips stifling the sounds of their cries as they joined.
Aaron paused reveling in the feeling of being inside her.  So tight, so perfect.  He felt a fleeting twinge of guilt at the way he was treating her, but she seemed to be a more than willing participant.  “Danielle, you’re so hot, so wet.  I couldn’t wait any longer,” he whispered in her ear as if apologizing.
“Then don’t.  It’s okay,” she panted.  “Take me, Aaron,” she whispered back, nipping at his earlobe and down the side of his neck.  It had been so long since she truly desired someone this much.  Too long.
The rough exterior of the cement wall rubbed against her back as he pumped into her hard.  Not slow, not easy.  Hard, with a feral need that wouldn’t be denied.  Thrusting to her core.  Calloused fingers held her hips with bruising force as he pummeled into her, over and over again and she welcomed his thrusts wrapping her arms around his neck and latching on.  Her juices dripped from her scorching, wet pussy, coating his cock and running down his trembling thighs.
Gasping for breath, she hung on and rode him hard right back, digging her nails into his shoulders, but trying desperately to maintain a modicum of control so as not to injure him with her inhuman strength.  He tilted his hips at an angle that caused delicious friction against her clit with each of his strokes, moving her closer to orgasm.  She threw her head back moaning and calling his name as she tightened her inner muscles around his rock hard cock.  “Aaron… you feel so good…  Don’t stop.”
“Yes, baby, that’s it…  Squeeze me hard.  Make me come inside you.”
Moans, grunts and sexy slaps of skin on skin were the only sounds to meet their ears.  The smell of shared sex was heavy in the air diminishing the dusty atmosphere.  Body heat emanated through the material of their clothing, soaking them to their skin.
Aaron tightened his jaw, fighting to maintain control.  He reached down between them stroking her swollen clit, causing her to arch her back and cry out.  “Oh, Aaron, I’m coming…”
“Ahh, fuck.”  Aaron threw back his head and with a curse followed her over the edge.  She gripped him tight with her inner core and felt every pulse of his cock as he filled her. 
With their breaths still ragged and hearts still racing, Aaron held on to Danielle feeling her shudder in his arms.

*****

Aaron slowly lowered Danielle on her unsteady legs depositing a slow sweet kiss on her lips.  They parted somewhat awkwardly and then each corrected their clothing in silence.
Summoning her courage, she managed to look towards him but was unable to meet his gaze.  “Wow, I think we just gave new meaning to the term ‘Wham, bam, thank you, Ma’am’,” she said nervously, trying to lighten the mood and somewhat alleviate the tension-filled room.
What the fuck just happened?   Am I a complete wench, or what?  Although she was no angel and had certainly been around the block her fair share over the past millennia, Danielle had never experienced such wanton lust before.  Her strange attraction to Aaron was one thing, but to feel so out of control, wanting to surrender in such an unrestrained manner, was completely out of character for her.  Giving control in any area of her life to any male of any species was definitely not in her Top Ten.  Hell, it wasn’t even on her list.  She’d fought too many years, figuratively and literally, to get the respect she deserved as a woman.  She was not, nor had she ever been, a weaker sex just because she is female.  She earned her position within the ranks just as everyone else did, male or female.  She saw to it that she received no differential treatment due to her lineage, but it was a constant battle, it seemed.  If she could turn back time and be born of someone other than their Goddess, that’s exactly what she’d choose to do.
Could it be the chain?  If so, how and why?  Yes, Aaron is now wearing the other half of her bonding chain, but she wasn’t bound to him.  It didn’t work that way.  Not without Freya’s blessing and they certainly couldn’t hear each other’s thoughts.  Thank the Goddess.  Hopefully, Zahara would be able to shed some light on this.  But, wow.  Who knew a science geek could be so passionate.  For surely that’s all that was between them.  Simply lust.
“Yes, again I must apologize.  Not for doing it, but for just jumping you the way I did,” Aaron offered as he awkwardly crossed the room to get some space between them.  He needed to think.  He felt bad about basically assaulting her, even if she was willing.  It was crude and he wouldn’t blame her if she didn’t want to have anything else to do with him.  But she wasn’t running out the door to get away from him and her moans said she hadn’t abhorred their joining either.  They obviously were both a little embarrassed with the situation.  He’d make up for it next time, if there was a next time.  And he definitely wanted a next time.
What was it about her exactly?  She was tough, breathtakingly beautiful, but also very cocky in a smartass kind of way.  He liked that about her.  But he really knew nothing about her, definitely didn’t know if he could trust her after the B and E she pulled last night.  And what was up with this chain?  Why such interest and why couldn’t he get it off.  She had some serious explaining to do.  It was obvious she knew a whole lot more than she was saying.
When Aaron looked up, Danielle had made her way to the door and was posed to exit.  She half turned her body in his direction and looked at him.  She couldn’t stand the defeat she read in his normally handsome face.  His unfocused eyes, the downturn of the corners of his mouth, the sunken shoulders.  She met his somber gaze, bringing a small smile to her lips.  “I wanted it as much as you did, Aaron.  Truly, it’s alright.”
Aaron sighed heavily, somewhat accepting and returned her sweet smile.  “Where are you off to?”  He hoped with all his being she would return and let him make this right.
“I’m just gonna check in with a friend of mine about the chain.  See what we can do about it.  I’ll see you again soon,” she said soothingly.
He raised his hand slightly to wave her goodbye but his smile brightened, his mood lightened.  And she knew he believed her.
Danielle took a deep breath once she was outside.  She leaned against the side of the building and tried to release the tension that was tightening her entire body.  She was alone once again.  Not only did she need distance from Aaron, but she couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched.  Chills had run through her as the hairs on the back of her neck and arms stood rigid with the current of electricity flowing through the air.  Electricity generated by something paranormal.  She was sure of it.  Again, it didn’t seem to be dangerous or threatening.  At least not yet.
It was that same feeling she’d had when she first arrived here last evening.  Maybe it had something to do with the site itself because she sure didn’t feel it anywhere else and didn’t think it was connected to her in any way.  Maybe it was a spirit of some kind and didn’t like Aaron digging up the past.  Yea, that made sense.  Perfect sense.
Until I know otherwise, I’m going with that idea, she told herself.  Works for me.
Amazingly, in all her years, she’d never met any spirits, personally, but had heard that some could be pretty nasty if provoked.  And they’d just have to make sure they didn’t provoke it.  Or at least try not to.

*****

Aaron and Danielle never saw the elusive figure lurking nearby and observing the events taking place between them.  They didn’t suspect that anyone or anything other than coincidence could or would have a hand in the situation they found themselves.
She possessed enough power that even Danielle wouldn’t detect her, which was her intent.  She metaphorically clapped herself on the back, congratulating herself for her cleverness.  The binding chain was working out brilliantly.  If events continued to travel in this direction, she’d have what she desired sooner than she anticipated.  If it weren’t beneath her, she’d hop around giddily like a school girl squealing.
She was terribly pleased that the binding chain had indeed attached to Aaron, just as she’d suspected it would.  He was the perfect specimen for what she had planned.  But the instant attraction between them had even her blushing.  That it happened so quickly shocked and delighted her.  She’d of course given them their privacy when things began to steam up.  Little doubt could be left as to what the conclusion would be and there was no need to be voyeuristic.  That just wouldn’t be right, after all.
She smiled to herself knowing that this time she’d accomplish what she’d set out to do and she would get what she desired.  Now, she just had to be patient and keep watch.

*****
Chapter Five



Danielle needed some help and she needed it fast.  Zahara was the only one she could think to go to with this, other than Freya, but that option was definitely a last resort.  She got the distinct feeling from Thunder that Freya wanted this handled quickly and quietly without intervention from Freya herself.  Nervously, she pulled out her cell phone to call.
“Hey, Danielle.  How’s the mission going?” Zahara’s melodious voice sang across the phone line.
“Well, that depends on how you look at it.  There’s some bad news and some good news,” Danielle offered.
“Yes, I’ve gotten the intel from Thunder regarding the EOD dilemma.  Any more news on that yet?”  Danielle could hear the excited rising pitch in Zahara’s voice.  Hopeful, she pressed on.
“Actually, nothing to report on that yet, but I have another dilemma that I’m hoping you can help me with.”
“Anything I can do, you know I will.  Tell me about it.”  Good.  At least she was willing to listen.
“I’ve located the binding chain but something unexpected has happened to it.  For some reason, the chain has attached itself to the archeologist,” Danielle informed while recalling the strange event.
“Really?  But, why?  How could that be?”
Oh, great.  That means no quick fix.  “My questions exactly.  What can I do?  I’ve tried everything I can think of to remove it.  Please help me, Zahara.  Freya ordered the chain brought back and I can’t very well chop his head off to do that.  Well, I could, but I won’t.  His head is actually quite nice looking where it is,” she snorted, trying to find some humor in the situation.
“Oh, for Goddess sake.  Don’t do that!  No chopping!” Zahara shrieked.  Zahara’s mind raced with knowledge and the possibilities of the situation and decided some more information gathering was needed.  “Okay, I’ll tell you what.  Start from the very beginning and don’t leave even the smallest detail out.  Sometimes, the answers to these things are in the details or right in our face and we just can’t see it.  Sort of like that forest for the trees thing, you know?”
Danielle proceeded to relay the story giving all the information she could recall.  When she finished, Zahara tried to console her.  “Okay, I need to do some research in our ancient scrolls to see if this situation has ever happened before, but honestly, I don’t remember anything similar.  I’ll just double check and of course, I’ll try to find a hidden or forgotten way remove the chain.  Every once in while these things happen.  Sort of.  In the meantime, stay near him and don’t let that chain get away.”
Danielle was mind numb at this point and nodded her head in agreement, although Zahara couldn’t see it.
Trying to comfort her again, Zahara offered, “Don’t worry, Danielle.  We’ll get to the bottom of this.  Why don’t you enjoy the merchandise while you wait?  You sound more than a little interested in this archeologist.  Since you have to babysit him for a while till we figure this mess out, you might as well enjoy yourself.”
“Zahara!  I can’t believe you just said that.  But, if that’s an order…”
“Hold on.  I’m not Thunder, and while you’re on a mission, he’s in charge.  Remember?”
“Killjoy,” she called Zahara, not meaning it at all.  But she knew that and there was no need to apologize.
“Let me get started here and we’ll touch base again soon.  Don’t worry.  Okay?” she said trying to sooth.
“Yes, okay.  But please don’t take too long.  This really is driving me nuts.”
Danielle knew Zahara would make every effort to find some answers and solve the puzzle they were now facing.  She couldn’t fathom what that might be.  The one thing she did know.  She wanted her life to go back to normal and as painlessly as possible.

*****

Zahara mentally summoned her sister warriors to assist her and those that were not currently on assignment answered her call.  Among them were Nadine, the warrior’s protector and shield, Annika, the wand wielder, and Emeline, the healer.
Although they referred to themselves as sister warriors, only two of them actually were biological sisters and were also present.  Makayla, who had once been chain bonded, but lost her mate, and Valeria, who was currently chain bonded to Ghost, or Joseph, as was his given name.  Their input could be vital, as none of the others had ever made such a commitment.
Surely, together we can find a solution for Danielle, Zahara hoped, but being the visionary she was, she wondered just how much Fate had to do with the dilemma at hand.
Makayla and Valeria arrived first, tracing in together.  They were as thick as thieves and both had the same thing on their minds.
“Tell us what’s going on?” they both chimed in together.
“Not before everyone arrives.  We’ll give them a few minutes.”
The others all arrived promptly and Zahara spent a few minutes explaining Danielle’s predicament without giving away too much where it concerned Danielle’s sexual exploits.  Everyone was perplexed and had no personal knowledge to share regarding the mishap that might lead to its resolution.
“Ladies, I’ve told you all of the relevant information I have and that will have to be enough to get us started on our research.  We need to carefully review the ancient scrolls for anything that might either contribute to this situation or indicate a possible solution.  I’m afraid until we figure out what caused the attachment we won’t be able to remove it, if at all.  If you have any suggestions, I’m open to hearing them.  I have to admit, this is completely new to me.  I’m rather stumped.”
“I agree.  I’ve never heard of such a thing in all my years,” Nadine agreed, her disbelief displayed in her big brown eyes.
The others mumbled their agreement, as well.  They were all original Shieldmaidens and had died in the same Earthly battle, therefore shared the same number of years together.
Nadine continued, “The chain can only attach to its owner and the archeologist couldn’t be Alarr.  Too bad we know reincarnation isn’t possible, well except for becoming immortal, that is.”  Snickering ensued.  “That would help matters along a bit.”  A collective accord traveled around the room again.
Valeria offered, “Poor, Danielle.  I can’t imagine what she’s going through.  I’d just die if I lost my Joseph.  I was there when she and Alarr were mated.  I helped her dress on her wedding night.  I can’t believe she’s having to relive all of this after such time has passed.”
This thought brought the ladies back to a more solemn mood and they all settled back into their seats.
Zahara had an idea.  “Why don’t we concentrate on what we do know and maybe it will lead us closer to some kind of solution.”
“Okay, as Nadine pointed out, the chain can only attach to its owner.  Normally anyway.  Also, for the binding to be complete, it must be blessed by Freya at the binding ceremony,” offered Emeline.
Annika jumped in with, “Yes, and that blessing is what allows us to become fertile and bear our young.”  Everyone was thoughtfully beginning to contribute to the topic now.
“And the binding chain is a never ending circle without a clasp that is magically sealed during the ceremony,” Annika continued remembering the magical qualities of the chain.
“You must truly love your mate to enter into a chain bonding because once consummation takes place the bonding is complete and the bonded mates cannot only speak through their thoughts, as all warriors can but also gain the ability of knowing their mate’s thoughts and feelings.  Oh, and the chain can only be removed by death,” Valeria said, again thinking of her Joseph.
“Yes.  I, of course, still wear mine although my beloved is gone,” Makayla added a bit sadly.  Valeria leaned into her sister tenderly offering understanding and support and a silent apology for having broached the subject.  She would never hurt her sister intentionally and didn’t realize that she still suffered after all this time.  She loved her dearly.
“As does Danielle,” Zahara remembered aloud.  “She still wears her chain.”  That definitely gave her something to think on.
“Alright, then.  I would appreciate the donation of any spare time that you may have to assist me in searching the ancient scrolls, when you’re not out on missions or training, of course.”  Zahara knew they’d all do their part to help a sister warrior in need.

*****

Ghost anxiously opened the front door of his two-story Tudor style home.  After a successful mission or training session, he couldn’t wait to get home to his bonded mate.  He was as high on adrenaline as the other warriors after training, but his gifted talent of invisibility added a sense of urgency that only Valeria could seem to soothe.  Although not painful, the alteration of his chemical make-up during transitions would eventually return to normal, but sexual activity could speed up the recovery process and was his remedy of choice.  As if it was a hard choice to make.
“Honey, I’m home,” he called out.  He stopped in the bone colored marble-floored foyer and opened the double doors to the side closet to hang up his weapons, then crossed through the living room, with the oversized maroon sectional set front and center of the fifty-two-inch entertainment theater center and the large stone fireplace.  The house smelled wonderful.  Meat and roasted potatoes…my favorite!  Hearing his stomach growl, he called again, “Valeria, where are you, Mi Amor?”  Hmm, she’s blocking again.  Wonder what new surprise is in store…
“Have a seat in the dining room, sweetheart, and I’ll be there in just a few.  Dinner is ready, and I knew that you’d come in hungry after your practice with the boys.”
He noticed that her voice carried a sultry manner that belied the kind of hunger she was implying but decided to wait it out and see what she had in store.
As he entered the dining room, and took a seat at the bench style table that Valeria had talked him into purchasing after explaining all of the many fun things they could do on the benches or with the additional chairs placed along the wall for guests that tended to visit from time to time.  Sometimes the visits happened more often than he would have liked.  He spent all day with his warrior brothers and sisters and most nights all he wanted was to steal a moment alone with his wife.  Those moments were always valued and precious, but also exciting.  It was this excitement and the inevitable outcome that released the additional adrenaline and calmed him.
Hearing her enter from the kitchen through the connected swinging door, he couldn’t help but stare in awe.  After all the years he’d spent as Valeria’s bonded mate, she still took his breath away like the first time he’d seen her.  She’d stood proudly on the battlefield with her sleekly defined arms and shoulders posed to deliver a deathly blow, with her gifted spear raised in the air horizontally and aligned to her strong but curvaceous body, her rich brunette hair waving boldly behind her and her captivating brown eyes sparkling with golden flecks reflecting the sun.
And strangely enough in opposition to his remembered image of her, here she was now, wearing a French maid’s costume with fishnet thigh highs and five-inch black stiletto heels.  Her hair was pulled into a French twist, exposing that long, beautiful swan neck, her most appetizing spot.  He felt the lustful ache in his gums as his fangs extended.
“It’s always the best moment of my day to come home to you, my wife.  You make me so hungry for you, that I no longer hunger for food.  Can we play millionaire warrior and sexy maid now?” he whispered softly growling in her ear while nibbling her beckoning neck.  They both enjoyed role playing, not that their love life needed any additional heat, even after seventy-five years.  They could still turn each other on at the drop of a hat.
“Joseph,” Valeria said with a gasping breath, referring to him by his given name.  She’d always loved his Spanish heritage coloring and his beautiful accent sent rivers of shivers throughout her entire body.  She was breathless, seeing his broad shoulders and muscular thighs that were now stretching the material of his black jeans, straining the zipper with his mouth-watering bulge.
“Just the response I wanted,” Joseph said as he reached out to her.  But she was too quick for him and jumped out of his reach before he could continue.  He raised a questioning brow and gave her a mischievous look with a sly grin etched across his face.
“Now, you know that’s not how we play,” she admonished teasingly.  “No rushing.  Go upstairs, put on the outfit lying on the bed and I’ll be there in a few moments.”  She released the block in her mind that she had raised earlier, anticipating the shared sensations they would feel through their bond while making love.
Still wearing that sly grin, Joseph obeyed running up the stairs two at a time to their master bedroom.  The spacious suite was cluttered with all manner and size of candles, their radiance casting the room in an ethereal glow.  He quickly removed his clothes and redressed in the silk robe lying on the bed.  He adjusted the pillows on the headboard and lowered himself to the bed, anxiously awaiting his beloved.  Hurry, Mi Amor, I’ m so ready.
“I’m right here, Mr. Joseph,” Valeria purred as she greeted him in his ‘play name’.  She entered the room and crossed to the side table lighting several candles.  Their fragrance filled the room with a wonderful vanilla scent.  Approaching the bed with two bowls in her hands, one of fruit and one of whipped cream, she slowly lowered to her knees before the bed.  “Sit up on the edge of the bed and put your arms behind you so that I can feed you.  And no touching,” she warned.
She knelt down in front of him and from her subservient position, she brought a ripe strawberry to his mouth, brushing his lips in a teasing manner.  As he bit into it, juice ran down his chin and Valeria began to lick the trail of juice, following its path from his chin to the corner of his full bottom lip.  Joseph groaned, trying to remember to stay in his role and let her enjoy her part in their game, but it was proving to be difficult.  She reached into the bowl again and pulled out another piece of fruit, dipped it into the bowl of cream and brought it to his right nipple.  Slowly she circled the fruit, leaving his nipple covered in sweet smelling whipped cream.  She repeated the same movement and circled his left nipple.
“Oh, look at the mess I’ve made, Mr. Joseph.  I’ll clean that up right away.”  She brought her lips to his right nipple and grasped it lightly between her teeth.  She used her tongue with a slight but firm suction and proceeded to clean it.
“Aaahh, Val,” Joseph moaned before she kissed her way to his other nipple and proceeded to clean it also.  “I’m not going to be able to control myself much longer if you keep this up.  You know I can’t keep my hands off of you.”
Yes, this she knew all too well and it thrilled her beyond measure.  She secretly was glad that he was on the receiving end this time and not her.  She planned to enjoy driving him mad.
“Now, Mr. Joseph, I must do a thorough job so that you feel compelled to call for my services again,” Valeria said as she kissed and nibbled her way around his ribs.  She continued working her way down to his hip, then further down to the place he wanted her the most.
“Oh, I will definitely call for your services again,” he chuckled.  “Ahh, Goddess,” Joseph gasped as she suddenly took his painfully erect cock into her mouth, almost to the root and sucked until her cheeks caved.  Valeria moaned as she enveloped Joseph’s engorged cock, the vibrations of her moans adding to his pleasure.  He slid his hand into her lacy blouse, grasping her nipple between his forefinger and thumb and gently pinched it with a slight twist causing her to moan once again.
“Ah, ah, ah.  No touching,” she admonished pulling back and shaking her head.  Her black thong was already dripping wet, her clit so tight and swollen with need, but she had other fun activities planned for him and refused to give into her need just yet.  “Mr. Joseph, please lie back on the bed,” she panted pulling further from his grasp.   “I need to make sure that you are thoroughly clean and I have just the instrument to do just that.”
Following her instruction, he adjusted himself on the satiny sheets and rested his back against the headboard with his long muscular legs stretched out in front of him.  He watched her as she rose to retrieve her toy from the side table.
“Oh yeah, baby, that will certainly do the job,” he said as he saw the toy.  It was a feather duster she had purchased on-line from a specialty store, advertised for maximum pleasure.  So far, she agreed that she’d gotten her money’s worth.  It had long pink feathers on one end and a vibrating bulbous tip on the other.
Joseph’s fangs were now extended at full length.  She brushed back his chestnut brown hair and met eyes that were so green they glowed like Caribbean waters reflecting a brilliant sun, and his golden skin shone in the candle light that encompassed the room.  She turned on the vibrator and, straddling his body, firmly ran it from shoulder to shoulder circling it down and around his pectoral muscles.
You’re driving me crazy, Val.  He couldn’t help but release another moan as she turned the feather duster over and brushed a trail down past his stomach leading down to his cock.  She brushed him with quick flicks of the feathers, seductively dusting him as if a piece of fine furniture.  The feeling was ecstasy sending shivers throughout his body.
His patience at an end, Joseph reached up and grabbed the shoulders of her blouse, quickly dragging them down her arms to expose her beautiful full breasts.  “Enough, I can’t take anymore.  I’m clean!” he growled, his voice almost feral.  Using his vampire speed, he had her blouse up and over her head but hadn’t the patience to properly deal with her skirt.  With his mouth devouring her nipples, he ripped the skirt from her body and then proceeded to do the same with her thong.  Finally, he could give her body the attention he’d been aching to give it.
Valeria screamed at the aggressive, passionate waves rolling off of Joseph.  His mind was repeating words of lust and love in his native language as he proceeded to move his full, sensuous lips up her chest, around her throat, and finally consuming her lips with his hunger.  Her body heated as it went up in flames and she couldn’t wait another minute.  She lifted herself, reached down to grab his stiff cock in her hand and guided it to her anxiously awaiting core.  She slammed down taking him to the hilt within her, barely conscious of Joseph’s exclamations and began pumping up and down his full length.
Joseph knew he wouldn’t last long with all of the ‘cleaning’ he had received, so he wrapped his mouth around her nipple and reached down to find her engorged clit, knowing just how to touch her to drive her to the edge.
Valeria leaned back, grabbed his knees and opened herself fully for him, giving him better access to pleasure her.  But the view of him entering her with her slick juices dripping from her pussy was too much for him.  He quickly sat up, grabbed her by the nape of her neck, pulling her towards him and pierced her throat with his aching fangs.  Her climax hit instantly and Joseph felt it with her through their bond.  He shuddered as he felt her energy prickle over his skin.  She came in hard waves, screaming his name and heard his own triumphant yell as he joined her.
“Goddess, I love you,” Valeria sighed once she was able to catch her breath.
“As I love you, Mi Amante,” Joseph whispered kissing her tenderly.
“By the way, where’s my tip?” she asked beguilingly feeling her passions rising again.
”I’ve got your tip right here,” he said as he dragged her underneath him, placing her in their position of love.

*****

Aaron sat behind his metal desk in deep concentration.  On his desk lay an encrusted sword unearthed in yesterday’s dig.  Although he could not determine it’s age without research and testing, it was obviously very old and valuable.  In his mind, it added credence to the mythical battle theory.  As he studied the sword, he was distracted by a beautiful, tall blond woman who entered with a straggly young man in tow.  Beautiful or not, he didn’t recognize her or the obvious flunky that stood beside her as belonging on his team, but she held an air about her that said I-Go-Wherever-I-Damn-Well-Please.  Irritated by the interruption and her rudeness of entering without an invitation, he stared hard at her.
“Who are you and what are you doing in my office?”  What’s with all these strangers on my site?  We certainly aren’t open to the public.
As Danielle neared Aaron’s office, she felt the vibrations in the air of a demon presence.  The putrid stench of sulfur pervaded her nostrils.  Silently approaching the door, she turned the knob slowly and heard mention some familiar names that made her blood run cold as an icy river.  She peered undetected through the crack in silent observation.
“Dr. Janson, I’m Hanna.”  She did not offer her hand in greeting, which was fine by him.  “I work for Mr. Tormond and he sent me to check on the progress of the search for the Eye of Odin.  I’m to collect that information and report back to him.”
“Mr. Tormond, or you, could have simply picked up the phone if he wanted an update.  There was no need to send you barging in here unannounced, as you have.”
Hanna barely registered Aaron’s ill-mannered response as she suddenly felt the presence of a warrior and steeled herself for the inevitable confrontation.  She hadn’t been paying attention, thinking this was the last place she’d expected to find a warrior as they weren’t aware of this project.  She knew Tormond had gone to great lengths to hide this excursion from the warriors.  She quickly scanned the room for an exit.  The minion was unimportant and on his own as far as she was concerned.  She’d just get another to replace him later.  Weak and evil minded humans were plentiful and littered very corner, crack and crevice of the earth.
Forcing the shock of the information to the back of her mind for future examination, Danielle quietly drew her sword from the hidden sheath at her back.  She kicked the door open with such force it slammed into the wall behind it with a thunderous bang and rushed into the room immediately dispatching the minion with a precipitous downward swipe of her sword.  Crimson blood arched across the room in splattered patterns hitting the ceiling, walls and fixtures as his lifeless body hit the cold cement floor in a crumpled heap.  Hearing a shocked gasp, she turned ready to engage the demon but instead discovered Hanna heading toward Aaron.  Feeling the overwhelming need to protect him, she quickly grabbed Aaron by the arm and threw him out of the way, not thinking to mask her true strength.  With arms flailing, Aaron sailed through the air and hit the wall with a loud crashing thud.
As Danielle leaped forward, preparing to strike the demon with a deadly blow, Hanna ripped her garment from her body and quickly shifted into a gleaming black raven and flew out of the open doorway.
“Damn it!  I can’t believe I let that demon get away.  Shit, shit, shit!  I should have had her,” Danielle yelled while stomping her feet madly.  She suddenly stopped realizing she resembled a toddler throwing a tantrum and looked around the room for Aaron.  She found him seated against the far wall, his posture slightly slumped.  He looked a little goofy, but still alert.
“Oh, Goddess.  Are you alright?  I’m so sorry.”  She reached for him, but he turned her efforts away using a ‘stop’ motion with his hand held out between them.
“What the fuck was that?” Aaron moaned, as he picked himself up from the floor and examined himself.  “Damn, that hurt, I feel like I was just hit by a truck.”
True realization dawned on Danielle too late.  Oh, this is totally FUBAR.  Shit, what am I going to tell him?

*****

Chapter Six



“Danielle, look at me.  What the fuck was that?  I’ve got a dead guy lying on my floor!  Holy shit!  You just killed this guy!”
Aaron was freaking out, ranting and pacing back and forth.  No bones were broken, but clearly, he was on the verge of going into shock.  His eyes were wide, wild and full of fear.  Danielle had to get this situation under control, and fast.
As she attempted to approach him again, he froze in place and stared at her still unsheathed sword in horror.  Following his line of vision, she realized she was still holding her blooded sword in a stance that screamed ‘ready for battle’.  The blood oozed downward to the tip of the blade and pooled on the floor beneath.  She relaxed her stance, lowered the sword and laid it on the floor slowly, making sure Aaron watched as she did.  She’d have to keep it within reach though in case Hanna returned.
“Aaron, look, the sword is down.  I’m not going to hurt you.”  She raised her arms in the universal sign of surrender.  “I know you don’t understand, but I’m going to try and explain.  Are you calm enough?  Will you listen to me?”
Aaron met her eyes, studied her face, watching for any sign of aggression.  Seeing none he allowed her to continue.  “Go ahead, explain.  Although I can’t fathom what you could tell me to justify this.  My office looks like some gruesome television crime scene.”  He gasped audibly and his eyes lit up.  “I need to call the authorities.  Oh God, I can see it now…some guy like Monk is going to come in here with his hands out in front of him like he’s looking through a camera and find clues that don’t exist that link me to this whole thing and I’ll wind up in jail or prison in a foreign country.”  He had his hands out in front of his face forming a frame, mimicking the action.  And though his tirade and actions were humorous, Danielle didn’t dare laugh.  She’d store that up for later when he’d calmed down.
As his paranoia grew, he suddenly tensed, realizing he’d probably made a fatal mistake announcing his intentions to report this to the police.  It was one of those obviously stupid moves made by inconsequential actors in the movies that guaranteed you were the next to die.  She’d just kill him, too, and stop him.  Eliminate the loose ends.  After all, what did he really know about her?  Sure, they’d shared a maddening fuck earlier, but that certainly didn’t make him the love of her life.  Nor did he want to be at this point.  She’d have nothing to lose by disposing of him, too and more to gain if she did.  Stepping lightly, he carefully moved back behind his desk to put something – anything – between them.
Danielle saw the sudden panic in his eyes.  “Please, Aaron,” she pled softly.  “You look like you’re about to freak out on me again.  I swear I won’t hurt you.  I was actually protecting you from them.  I would never hurt you.”  Danielle really surprised herself with that confession.  Then she realized she had hurt him unintentionally.  “I mean, I would never hurt you on purpose.  That throwing-you-against-the-wall stuff was an accident.  She would have hurt you or worse – killed you.  I was simply trying to move you out of the way.  I just acted and didn’t take my strength into consideration.”  Here she was again, spilling her secrets out to him for some unknown reason.  Even secrets that she didn’t either realize or want to admit to herself.
“But they weren’t threatening me.  They were sent by my employer, my benefactor, to check on the progress of the search.  That’s what Hanna was asking me when you came charging in here.  Speaking of Hanna, what the hell was that?”  He turned toward the open doorway pointing in its direction.  “Did I really just see her turn into a bird and fly away or did I hit my head harder than I thought?  That can’t be what I saw...”  Slowly and with a blank stare of defeat, Aaron grabbed the arms of his chair and melted down into it appearing very lost and very distraught.
She wanted to console him and understood his confusion.  “I promise everything’s going to be alright.  Whether you believe it or not, they most certainly would have hurt you.  Killed you, most likely, when they were done with you.  You don’t understand who Tormond is and…shit…now I’ve got to tell you.”  Damn it all.
“What’s Mr. Tormond have to do with all this?” he asked as he motioned to the dead body in front of his desk.
And there it was, the direct question that would compel her to tell him a lot more than she knew she should.  Damn that chain!  It has to be the chain.
“Everything actually.”  Seeing he was still seated but seemed a little more in control of himself, she decided just to spit it out, but as vaguely as possible.  She was starting to feel cursed.  “You saw Hanna transform into a raven because she’s a demon.  A demon that belongs to Tormond.  He isn’t a successful business tycoon in Las Vegas, as you probably believe.  Well, he’s not just that anyway.  He’s a demi-god, son of the God Loki.  And you’re right, the battle wasn’t mythical.  We call it The Great Battle.  He’s hired you to find the Eye of Odin which went MIA over eight hundred years ago.”  The compulsion to tell him the truth was unrelenting.  What have I got?  This stuff just comes gushing out like vomit.
“I knew those documents he gave me looked authentic,” Aaron suddenly sounded excited with this discovery.  He sat up straight in his chair and his eyes and smile were beaming.  Amazingly, that seemed to be all he picked up from her spewed confession.  Go figure.  One tracked mind.
“Yes, and unfortunately, I’m going to have to retrieve them.”  She tried to sound regretful but doubted she’d actually achieved the effect.
“Why is that?  What right do you have to them?”  He looked at her sternly and suspiciously.  “How do I know that you’re not here for the same thing?  Just who are you, really?”  
Knowing at this point it was probably irrelevant, but still attempting to omit as much as possible, which wasn’t much, she continued, “I’m a warrior of the God Odin.  And Freya, but no sense bringing her into this.  I was sent to retrieve the chain that you’re now wearing and discovered what you were actually looking for.  We can’t let the others get their hands on the Eye.  I really can’t tell you much more.  You’ve already seen too much.”  And then she pleaded, “Please, give me the documents that you got from Tormond.”
Aaron seemed to relax and accept her explanation.  For a scientific mind that normally required proof and fact, he was taking this fairly well.  She attributed his trusting attitude toward his already existing involvement in the search for the EOD.
“I only have copies here.  The originals are at the university.  Should I be worried that Tormond will be after me now?  I’m afraid you may have pissed him off and if Hanna could become a bird at will, I don’t want to know what Tormond can do.”
“You’re right again.  Let me make a phone call.  In the meantime, I’ll keep you safe.  Don’t worry,” she promised.
Aaron wasn’t sure how he felt about a woman protecting him.  Should he be offended and insist on taking care of himself?  She wasn’t exactly the norm when it came to females, was she?  He remembered her strength when she threw him up against the wall.  Okay, maybe she could protect him, but it didn’t feel very masculine.  He also wondered just how dangerous she actually was.  He decided to take an analytical approach and reserve judgment until he had additional information on which to base his decision.  But even now, as he looked at her across the room taking out her cell phone, he couldn’t help but notice how sexy she looked as a tough, self-assured female.  Yes, she looked every bit the warrior she claimed to be.
 How in the hell can I be thinking about how sexy she is, when I’m surrounded by blood and death?

*****

Landing on the porch, Hanna immediately transformed back into her human form and entered her secluded cabin.  I can’t believe this bullshit!  A Freyodin Warrior.  At our dig site.  She ruined all my fun.  I was going to get to scare him, maybe hurt him a little.  Tormond is going to be so pissed.  Damn it, I’m screwed.
Grabbing her cell phone, she hesitantly placed her call to Tormond.  Fuck, she hated this!
“Speak,” Tormond commanded.  He’d waited impatiently for this call and the news had better be good.
“My Lord, there was a complication we did not foresee.”  Swallowing hard, feeling the sweat run down her back and her heart rate increasing, Hanna tentatively explained, “There is a Freyodin Warrior at our dig site.”
Tormond jumped to his feet, swiping half the contents off of the desk in front of him in a black rage.  “What did you say?  What the fuck is a Freyodin Warrior doing at my dig site?”  Tormond was screaming so hard he thought he might just pop a blood vessel.  This was definitely an unexpected and unwelcomed turn of events.  Where are my aspirins?  He patted his pockets unsuccessfully.
“I don’t know, my Lord.  She attacked when I was speaking with the archeologist.  It’s possible she sensed me in the area,” she replied timidly.
Tormond could hear the fear in her voice oozing through the phone connection like a blistering pus.  “I’ll have to investigate this new complication,” he almost muttered to himself.  “What did you find out about the Eye of Odin?” Tormond stormed.
“I didn’t have a chance to find out anything, my Lord.  I felt that it was more important that I let you know about the warrior, so I left…,” Hanna tried to explain as Tormond interrupted her.
“You incompetent fool!  You couldn’t take out one simple warrior?  I can’t believe I sent you.  Keep your butt there out of sight and wait for me to get back to you.  I’m sending reinforcements,” Tormond commanded as he disconnected the call.
I am so screwed.  I fear I’ll be ash soon.  If he’d only made me immortal, as he promised, I could have eliminated her.  Defeated, Hanna sighed heavily as she headed to her bedroom to put on her clothes.
How the fuck did the Freyodin Warriors find out about my dig?  I hired a human to prevent this and to keep that witch, Zahara, from getting into my business.  Who’s been talking?  Tormond angrily wondered as he sat at his office desk reaching into his pocket and coming up empty, again.  When I find out who betrayed me, I will boil him alive and have him for dinner.  Where are my fuckin’ aspirins?

*****

Danielle pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and let her fingers hover over the keypad.  Goddess, what am I going to tell Thunder?  This mission just keeps getting more complicated by the hour.  Okay, girl.  Suck it up.  Make the call.  She speed dialed Thunder, wishing none of this had ever happened.
“Yes, Danielle.  Update me.”  Thunder never was much for small talk.
“Yea, um…  I’ve got new information on the EOD documents, but we’ve got bigger, more immediate problems over here now.  Not to sound cliché, but do you want the bad news or the really bad news first?”  Oh, fuck me.
Giving it some thought, Thunder instructed, “Hold it right there for a minute.  Let me get Vengeance in here first.  You can fill us in at the same time.”  There was a muffled sound on her end as Thunder placed his hand over the phone and yelled for his second-in-command to join him in his office.
A minute later, Thunder urged Danielle to continue, “Alright, we’re here.  Just spill it.”
“The site has been compromised and attacked.  Hanna and one of her minions showed up a little while ago.  I dispatched the minion, but Hanna got away.  It seems our old friend Tormond is the actual benefactor of the excavation.  They know I’m here with the archeologist and I’ve got a body to dispose of now.”
“Holy shit!  You just went to get a fucking chain!” bellowed Vengeance throwing his hands into the air in disbelief.
“Ahh, yeah.  That’s not good news at all,” Thunder stated obviously.  She heard several curse words in the background from her superiors, followed by a heavy sigh of resignation over the speaker phone.
Danielle took a cleansing breath of her own and kept going, piling on more bad news.  “I’m sorry, Thunder, but there’s more,” she said with even more regret.
“You mean to tell me it gets worse?”  She heard Vengeance say and could just imagine his already towering height hitting the ceiling as he jumped out of his chair.  She heard the sound of the chair hitting a wall.  “Fan också.”  Damn it.
“Vengeance, cool down.  Let’s hear the warrior out.”  He paused and addressed Danielle again.  “We realize all of this is out of your control, Danielle, and you’re certainly not the cause of it.  Please, go on.  We’re listening,” Thunder uttered lowly and in a slightly more forgiving tone.
“He’s right.  My apologies, warrior.”
Danielle appreciated their acceptance of the situation and the respect they showed her as a female warrior.  It had taken her many years to earn that respect.  She felt some respite as she continued to explain their latest plight.  “As I’m sure Zahara shared the information about the binding chain, I won’t go over that again but…Aaron saw everything.  The attack, me slaying the minion, Hanna shapeshifting…and he knows…about me at least.  Some, but not all.”  She paused searching her brain for a way to explain the unnatural compulsion she felt toward Aaron, then decided just to go with it.  “I don’t know why, but I can’t seem to hold much back from him when he asks me something.  I can only attribute it to the chain.  It’s like some of the effects of the chain are there but, thankfully, some aren’t.”
Complete silence followed with no reply from Thunder and Vengeance as they stared at each other across the desk.
She continued.  “You know he’s a target now.  He can’t very well defend himself against them alone and I can’t stay here indefinitely.  Tormond will send others.  I can’t just leave him here to die.  We have to find out why the chain has attached itself to him, then we can make a decision of what to do.”
Thunder thought for a minute.  “You’re right.  It’s unprecedented, but I want you two on the jet back here immediately.  He’ll be safe here and Zahara can work on the chain complication more efficiently if he’s accessible.  We can even give him a little self-defense training, in the meantime, to help him better protect himself.  We can worry about scrubbing his memory later.  You two just get here.”
She felt somewhat relieved that eventually everything would be okay and wondered why the thought of Aaron’s future memory wipe bothered her.  It was a sad relief and it puzzled her.
Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she answered, “Yes sir.  I’ll take care of it right away.  And sir?”
“Yes, Danielle.”
“Thank you,” she said softly and ended the call.  Now she had to figure out a way to get Aaron on the plane and explain everything else to him.  When she’d left him to place her call, he’d probably gone back to freaking out again like a cat on too much catnip.  Nervous energy permeated the room.
“Alright.  Might as well get this over with,” she mumbled to herself as she headed back to Aaron’s office.  Her chest felt extremely heavy and she wondered if immortals could hyperventilate.  She’d never seen it happen before, but she could dream.  Not that blacking out would solve anything right now, but it would be a welcome delay.
As she entered the room, she took in Aaron’s appearance.  He was paler and seemed eerily calm.  As a matter of fact, his eyes seemed a little glazed over.  But if you overlooked all of that, he was still gorgeous and hot as hell.  Oh, I’ll protect you all right.  What I could do with that body...after all, I was ordered to get him safely back home.  How can you think of sex at a time like this? You’re a warrior!
Clearing away the naughty thoughts and memories of their recent tryst, she cleared her throat loudly to gain his attention.  Which didn’t work.  So, she tried another approach.  She crossed the room, stood in front of him and snapped her fingers several times in front of his face.
“Yo, Aaron.  You in there?  Still with me?”
Aaron had been staring out the window on the opposite wall.  For how long, he didn’t know.  Once Danielle had left the room, he realized he was in the room alone with a dead body – demon - whatever it was.  Anything not to look at that dead body on the floor in front of his desk.  And the blood… that was on the floor…streaking the walls…covering the menacing looking blade…  Get it together, man.  Shaking his head slightly, he looked up at Danielle, brought himself back to the present.
“Yeah, I’m here.  Sorry,” he managed.
Danielle tried for compassionate.  “Sorry?  No need to be sorry, Aaron.  You’re the innocent in all of this.  You didn’t know who was hiring you, especially for what is probably an unbelievable opportunity for someone like you.  But now, I’ve got to get you someplace safe.”
That did it.  Something suddenly snapped in Aaron and his manly pride spoke up and stepped front and center.  “I can take care of myself.”  His entire demeanor had changed to one of confidence.  Or at least that’s what he hoped he was portraying.
Great timing, she thought.  If he would have stayed comatose, I could have jetted him away without any more problems.  Shit!
Stroking his macho ego, Danielle tried another avenue.  Putting a demure look on her face and the tiniest, flirty little smile, she said, “Of course, you can.  I didn’t mean to imply that you couldn’t.  Do you think I’d be attracted to some wimpy guy?  Hell no!  I need a man, a strong man, a virile man.  Someone who knows how to take care of himself and those around him.”
She continued, hoping this was working, because although she was certainly attracted to him, the last thing she needed was a man.  “It’s just that these bad guys are a little different and I’ve made arrangements to get you some training so that you can learn all about their weaknesses and how best to defeat them.  Besides, you’ve got to admit that the scientist in you really wants to learn all about me, my kind and where we come from.  Don’t you?”  There, that should grab him.
And…. It did.  Aaron was a goner.  Hook, line and sinker.  Last minute long distant shot from the three point line.  And that’s the ball game!
The next thing Aaron knew, he was boarding a magnificent privately owned jet.  He was about to find out by whom it was owned and he couldn’t wait.

*****

Vengeance had managed to calm himself and upright his chair bringing it back to Thunder’s desk front.  Thunder remained his fairly composed self, as he did in most situations.
“Well, Venge.  What do you think?  Could this be any more of a cluster fuck?”  Thunder leaned back in his plush leather chair and propped his feet up on his desk.  Just because everything was going to shit was no reason not to be comfortable.
“Yes, I’d say it’s time for us to brainstorm and come up with some kind of preliminary plan.”
“We can’t disregard that Aaron may be a plant by Tormond, whether knowingly or not.”
“True, but the wards should take care of that.  Just in case, I’ll speak with Annika about checking him out.  She should be able to detect any spells Tormond may have attached to him and dispel them to protect us.  Also, I’ll ask Ghost to do a background check on him.  With his seemingly magical computer skills, if there’s anything to find out about him, even the tiniest bit of information, Ghost will find it.”  Vengeance began to chuckle a bit.
“What the hell’s so funny?  I can’t think of a thing that’s humorous about this.”
“I can.  Danielle.”  He chuckled some more.  “She’s probably having a shit fit right about now.  Gotta love it.”
Thunder caught on to his train of thought then.  “Yeah, she prides herself on being tough and independent.”
“I don’t need a man,” Vengeance mocked in a high pitched voice, repeating the mantra he’d heard Danielle quote in the past.  “And now she’s saddled with a mortal one.  It just keeps getting better and better.”  He was laughing full on now and Thunder had joined him.
  After having their fun, Vengeance said, “Okay, back to your original question of what do I think.  You know I’m always ready to battle, T.”  Which was an understatement for Vengeance.  He lived for it both in his mortal life as a Viking and immortal life as a vampire warrior.  He never did anything halfway when it pertained to battle, women or sex.  He was all confidence and sex on a stick at six foot five with long flowing blond hair that draped down to the middle of his well-honed muscular back, sleepy crystal blue/gray eyes, and a tempting sexy smile surrounded by a barely-there van dyke beard and mustache.  And when he smiled, he always loved to show just a hint of fang.  He knew what a turn on it was.  The rest of him just all fell into place from there following the same design.
“And do you realize she managed to get off the phone without mentioning the status of the EOD search or the documents?  We’ll have to corner her on that when she lands which should be in about twelve hours,” Vengeance continued.
“Well, at least we now know why Zahara’s vision didn’t touch on the EOD.  With Tormond secretly financing and outsourcing his search efforts to the archeologist, there would be no godly or demon interaction and no direct threat to mortals.  She would have no warning through her visions.  He was smart not to send any demons or minions to the dig site previously.  We would have been tipped off immediately.  Of course, now that he knows, we know….”  Thunder realized this was a whole new ball game.
“Yes, we’ll have to send a team out there, at least, maybe more.  What about this archeologist anyway?  This chain binding situation is really puzzling.”
“I have to agree.  The females are working on it.  They’re searching the ancient scrolls for any possible answers.  Zahara is utilizing her scrying and visionary skills and Annika is looking into any magical solutions, as well.  So far we’ve got zip.”
“Well, those chains are permanent for a reason,” Vengeance said and visibly shuddered. His thoughts turned to Makayla.  He enjoyed his encounters with her immensely and didn’t mind sharing her with Savage.  As long as she was okay with it, so was he, and Savage didn’t seem to mind the arrangement either.  “At least he’s human and doesn’t have to wear it or be tied for an eternity.  He gets to pass away and be done with it.  Lucky bastard.” 
Thunder chuckled, “You’re so morbid.  I’d say you’re the lucky one.  You’ve got an eternity and no chain.  Someday someone will nail your ass and put a chain on it.  Just watch.”
“Not in this loooong lifetime, my friend.”  On that he was adamant.
“Okay, so when the archeologist gets here, we’ll gather everyone for a meet and greet and discuss our options and current findings.  Let me know the moment Danielle arrives,” Thunder instructed.
“As you will, my Lord and friend.  Later, T.”  Vengeance gave an unceremonious salute and traced out to the training field.

*****

Chapter Seven



“Wow, this is some extravagant jet you have.”  Aaron took in the spacious layout of the extended cabin, the rosewood trim, the extra-wide plush leather seating, the fully stocked bar, a hallway that lead off to what looked like a bedroom and private bath.  It smelled of a wonderful scent of vanilla and spices.  Wait, no.  That was Danielle.
“It’s not mine personally, Aaron.  Let’s just say it’s a company jet and we have a private airfield.”  So private you can’t see it.  She hid her smiled with a quick turn and wished she could LOL right now because she could use a really good laugh after the few past days she’d had.  But, he’d think she was plain crazy bursting out laughing at what he couldn’t hear.  She was extremely glad that ridiculous chain that was stuck around his neck hadn’t given him access to her innermost thoughts and feelings.  Thank Goddess for small favors.  She couldn’t imagine being tied to a stranger who knew everything about you and you’d have no secrets from.  Oh, wait.  Been there, done that, eight hundred years ago.  That traitorous…  Deciding she shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, she let that notion go and took a deep breath to cleanse her thoughts and mind.
The ride to the airport had been uneventful.  Danielle had phoned Taylor ahead of time to ready the jet.  Aaron had remained calm, so far, and had managed to professionally make arrangements to leave his loyal assistant, Jake, to supervise the dig site in his absence.  She was actually quite impressed with him at the moment.  Now it was time to take the next step.  Full disclosure.
Danielle was nervous about telling all or most of the warriors’ secrets, but it had to be done and Thunder had already given his approval.  But where to start?  The beginning?  That was in 750 AD.  He’s going to freak on me again.  How do I tell him he just screwed a dead woman who is over twelve hundred years old?  Oh, Goddess, I am a dead woman that’s over twelve hundred years old!  No, not dead – immortal.
That fact had never mattered to Danielle before.  “So why does it matter now?” she mumbled to herself in wonder.
“What was that?” Aaron inquired absently while investigating the contrast of elegance versus high-tech equipment that made up the atmosphere of the jet.  “What do these do?”  Aaron had begun darting around the jet examining everything.  To say he was highly intrigued by his surroundings would have been an understatement.
“Oh, my Goddess!  You’re like a kid in a candy store.  Should I whip out the toddler safety devices so you don’t hurt yourself?”  She finally did laugh out loud.  “Would you mind taking your seat, please?  We’re about to take off and I really need to fill you in on a few things.”  He was seriously getting on her nerves.  She couldn’t decide if that was a good or bad thing.
As if she’d willed it, the jet was suddenly in motion.  They both quickly buckled their seatbelts and braced for takeoff.  Then, without further warning, the jet shot rapidly down the runway emitting a roar under its mighty wings and with a lift they were sailing through a celestial pale blue sky.
“Sorry, I’m scholarly.  I like to absorb new experiences.  My mind is like a sponge,” he acknowledged her comparison of him to a child’s learning mind.
Finding that explanation lacking, Danielle was still mildly annoyed with him.  She leaned forward, turned his seat to face her and braced her hands on the arms of his seat, ensuring she had his undivided attention.
“Well, soak this up, big boy.”  Here goes nothing.  She took a deep breath and let the verbose knowledge fly from her lips rapidly and nonstop.  “I’m an immortal warrior in a paranormal army from Valhalla that guards and protects mortals from demons that crossed over into your realm.  I died over twelve hundred years ago only to be saved by the Goddess Freya along with my two hundred and ninety-nine other warriors sisters.  My sisters and I, in turn, bring over brave, honorable and deserving warriors, that are chosen by the God Odin, from all the wars over the past twelve centuries to join us in our fight.  We are the Freyodin Warriors.  You’ve got my binding chain around your neck and we have to find a way to get it off of you and you can’t find the EOD for Tormond.”
Silence.  Nothing but.
Danielle leaned back and took another loud, deep and much-needed breath, breathing in the scent of him as she did so.  “I think that about covers it.  Do you have any questions?”
Aaron just stared at her in awe.  Shit, not that glazed look again.
Then she thought she’d try something different.  She was desperate, really desperate.  So, she unbuckled her seatbelt, leaned toward him covering the distance between her extra-wide plush leather seat and his extra-wide plush leather seat and kissed him full on the mouth.  Gently at first, so as not to further his shock.
It only took him about twenty seconds to realize what was happening to him and, being the virile man that he was, he took over complete control of the kiss.  And she let him.  Reaching down and unbuckling himself blindly, he wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her onto his lap.  He licked the seam of her sweet lips and she opened for him, whimpering, allowing his tongue to sweep inside, searching, exploring the cavern of her mouth with a kiss that became demanding and greedy.  She tasted like warm honey and smelled of that same wonderful scent of vanilla and spices.
As she wrapped her arms around his neck, she pulled him closer to her body and positioned her legs to straddle his hips, grinding her hips against him in tight circular motions.   When he groaned, she did it again.  She arched her back pressing her succulent breasts into his chest and returned his seductive kiss with her own.  Closing her lips around his tongue, she began seductively sucking in a slow steady rhythm that made him long for her perfect red lips to be wrapped around his rigid cock sucking it in the same way.
Their passion was immediate and wild once again.  He slid his roughened hand up under her leather vest, molded his palm to her firm breast and gently squeezed her beaded nipple, causing her to slightly pull away from him and cry out her pleasure.  His hungry mouth traveled down her jaw to her swan-like neck and over her collarbone nipping and licking his way downward.  She made quick work of the few buttons on her vest and dropped the garment to the floor carelessly.
That’s when he noticed the chain emulating his own around her neck.
“What’s this?  Do you all wear these?” Aaron asked fingering the article.
“No, not all.  It’s why I originally came to you.  To retrieve the chain.  It’s not of this earth and you shouldn’t have found it,” she explained, hoping he wouldn’t press further.  She had no intention of explaining Alarr to him at all, especially not now.  What a buzz kill that would be.  I’ll just entice him with my womanly wiles and change the direction of his thoughts.  Shouldn’t be too hard.  He is a man, after all.
As he held her around the waist, she leaned backward giving him full access to her aching breasts, it took him no time at all to take the bait.  He used his teeth and tongue to worship her swollen peaks, sending jolts of pleasure to her very center.
“Oh, yes!” she cried tunneling her hands into his hair holding him to her.
“Too many clothes,” he rasped against her skin.
“I so agree,” she murmured against the top of his head while still holding him in place.  At that, she relented and released him while they hurriedly divested themselves of the remaining clothing obstructing them from attaining the skin to skin contact they both craved.
Aaron pulled a condom out of the pocket of his jeans and dropped them to the floor.
“You won’t need that,” she offered.
“We didn’t use anything before.  I’m sorry for that.  Don’t know where my head was.  You’re on the pill?”
“No, but I’m safe.  From pregnancy and disease.  You can’t give me either.”
Deciding to take her at her word, he lowered himself back into the chair they’d previously occupied.  “Come back here,” he commanded with heat blazing in his darkened eyes as he took in her now naked form.  She burned him to the core and he knew he’d never wanted another woman as much as he did her at this moment.
This was the first time they’d actually seen each other unclothed.  Approving of his very imposing manhood, his muscular thighs, and noting once more just how damn much she wanted him, she returned his gaze with a heat all her own.  Bodily, he wasn’t quite as muscular as the male warriors, but by human standards, he was most impressive.  She slowly and seductively repositioned herself on his lap, giving him an up close and personal view of every inch of her.  Once settled, she reached between her legs clutching his firm cock in her eager hands.  He felt her fingertips gliding across the crown of his cock as she spread the drop of moisture beading at the tip, swirling it around and then moving her fisted hand down to the base of him.  He groaned deeply, grabbed the nape of her neck, bringing her to him for more lustful kisses as she steadily stroked him.  He knew he had to slow this down or it would be over entirely too fast, like the last time.  He swore to himself that if they ever got the chance to do this again, he was taking her slowly and properly – in a bed.
“Danielle, you must stop or I’ll never last,” he begged as he removed her hand from around him and placed his own into her creamy center.  She felt hot, wet and ready to take him inside, but he wanted to hold off a little while longer.
“Oh, baby, you’re so wet for me.”  He parted her swollen lips and inserted two fingers into her core, circling her clit slowly with his thumb.
“Umm, Aaron!” she moaned as she allowed her head to fall back and rode his hand.  “More,” she demanded softly.  “I need more.”
“Yes, baby.  Whatever you need.”
“Inside.  I want you inside.  Now,” she panted heavily, searching for his lips.
“Don’t worry, baby.  I will.  But I want you to come for me first,” he said as he watched her beautiful face.  The expressions of ecstasy that crossed her face showed him all the pleasure that he was giving her, without speaking the words.  “You’re so beautiful, Danielle.”  He wanted to always remember her looking just this way.
Feeling she was near, he increased the speed and pressure of his ministrations and sent her spiraling into her first orgasm within seconds, still watching her loveliness unfold as the spasms surged through her body.  While still shuddering from her climax, he grasped his cock and rubbed it between her wet folds. Lifting her hips, he centered her over his erection and entered her slowly, letting her body drop down onto him as he filled her inch by inch.  He growled his approval as her spasms contracted around him.  Her pussy felt like nirvana, hot, tight and dripping wet.  He reached down to touch her wetness where they joined and brought his fingers up to his mouth savoring the taste of her and inhaling her womanly scent.  Danielle watched as he did and groaned her approval in return.
She trailed her fingers down between his pecs, to his taut stomach, then back up to his darkened nipples, caressing him.  She then placed her hands solidly on his shoulders and began to ride him slowly and sensuously.  She reveled in the way he filled her.  It seemed more than just a physical gratification that she didn’t understand.  But she knew she needed it and knew it felt so right.
Aaron grasped her hips firmly and began to thrust up into her in earnest, meeting her thrusts with his own, the momentum building.  Their movements became frenzied and prodded them both closer to orgasm.
“Oh Goddess, Aaron.  I’m so close.”  Her breathing hitched as she spoke and she felt like she couldn’t wait one more second to explode.
“I’m right here with you, baby.  Come with me.  Let me hear you,” his voice hoarse with passion.
Danielle had no trouble giving into his demands when she squeezed his cock deep inside her as she came, screaming his name, milking every drop from him as he joined her falling over the edge.  As the spasms subsided, she fell forward collapsing against his chest.
When their breathing finally resembled something close to normal, Aaron held on to her tightly, reclined the seat they occupied back and sighed, “Woman, you’re going to kill me.  But what a way to go.”  He chuckled, kissing her temple and added, “Thank you.  You are amazing.”
Neither moved to leave the seat or redress.  They simply laid together comfortably, Danielle’s body molded to his in his arms with her hand resting on his chest lightly making lazy circular patterns.
“Well, I do aim to please.”  She raised her head from his shoulder and tilted it upward to look into his eyes.  “But seriously, thank you back.  You’re not so bad yourself, you know.  And by the way, I really don’t want you to think that I do this kind of thing all the time.  I mean I’m not a nun or anything, but I don’t usually jump a guy I’ve known less than a couple of days.  I’m obviously really attracted to you and I don’t understand it at all.”
“It’s alright.  I feel it, too,” he confessed as he worked her hair out of the braid she usually wore it in and ran his hand through the silky strands of her hair.  “It’s strange and difficult to describe.  I’m just drawn to you and I want to touch you all the time.  Does it have anything to do with this chain?  I caught most of what you told me earlier, but can you tell me a little more about what I’ve stumbled into?”  He knew he needed to hear this, but was afraid of his own reaction to it.  If he’d heard her correctly, what she’d said previously was just too fantastical, and he certainly wouldn’t believe a bit of it if it weren’t for what he witnessed earlier.  That demon shape-shifted right before his eyes.
“Think you can listen to me without freaking or zoning out on me this time?”  She was half joking and half serious at the same time, trying to make light of the situation.  She hoped he could be receptive and have an open mind.  She knew she was about to blow a lot of his scientific beliefs sky high and she really did feel regret for having to do that and even involve him in any of this.  She didn’t like being the one to destroy some of his beliefs.  He’d spent years of study and practice on those beliefs to become the archeologist that he was today.
But circumstances hadn’t been in his favor once he met up with Tormond.  Then again, maybe finding the binding chain was a good thing for him.  It had gotten the warriors involved with his excavation and shown him the truth of what was happening.  Probably saved his life.  If he’d located the EOD before they had a chance to intervene, it's certain Tormond would have done away with him when he was no longer necessary.
“Yes, I believe I can.  I’ve got several questions, but I think I’ll have a million more by the time you finish explaining.  Why don’t you start and I’ll try not to interrupt or at least attempt to keep my questions to a minimum until you’re through.  But first, can you tell me where we’re going?”
“I can work with that.  We’re actually going back to Oregon.  I’ll try not to repeat myself too much, but as I told you before, I’m an immortal warrior that was saved by the Goddess Freya.  Have you ever heard of the three hundred Shieldmaidens who fought and died in battle on the Danish side at the Battle of Bråvalla in the year 750 AD?  Some call us Valkyries.  I’m one of the original Shieldmaidens.”
Aaron nodded but remained silent and motioned for her to continue.  He knew the Norse history that she spoke of and their mythology.
“I also happen to be the daughter of Freya herself and a mortal man.”
“Wait, doesn’t that make you a demi-goddess?” he asked, a little on the stunned side.
“Unfortunately, yes.  But let’s save that little ditty for another time.”
Oh God, I’ve just had sex with a demi-goddess.  Oh, I hope her mother doesn’t kill me.
She knew she had thrown him for a loop by the look of puzzlement with just a touch of panic etched across his face, but she chose to ignore it for now.
“Freya has her chosen and Odin has his and together we are called the Freyodin Warriors.  We are given the chance of immortality and take an oath to serve and protect mankind, to fight against Loki’s demons and minions, a couple of which you’ve already met.  Tormond, your benefactor, is Loki’s demi-god son and controls the western portion of the country’s demons, wreaking havoc across the seaboard and adjoining states.  He’s just one such tormentor and of course, we have communities all over the world to combat them.  I currently live and serve in a hidden village located in Bridge Creek Wilderness.  It’s not on any map and it doesn’t exist to mortals.  It’s magically warded against detection from humans and demons alike.  That’s where I’m taking you now for your protection and training.  You can’t just say ‘bang, bang, you’re dead’ to a demon and I can’t, in good conscience, leave you to fend for yourself.  At least not until you learn a few ways to protect yourself and know your enemies weaknesses.”
Aaron didn’t repeat his mistake of earlier, of feeling too macho to let her help him.  He respected her as a woman and a warrior, now that he understood where she was coming from and her purpose.  He held his comment and let her continue once more.
She noticed that he seemed to be taking this rather well, considering their rough beginning, and this pleased her.  “I need to give you fair warning, though.  As immortals, we have abilities that have been granted to us by the Gods.  Some of the abilities differ from men to women and some of the other abilities are individually based.”
“What abilities do you have?” he finally asked listening intently.
“Well, I am stronger and heal faster than a human.  I can shadow, trace, speak, and block.  Oh, and Freya blessed me with my sword.”
“Can you explain what some of those terms mean?”  
“Okay.  Shadowing allows me to blend into the shadows and be pretty much undetected.  Tracing allows me to transport myself via thought to another place.”
Aaron raised his eyebrows and looked extremely intrigued at that prospect.
“Speak allows me to project thoughts to my fellow warriors either collectively or individually and blocking lets me block others from hearing anything I deem private in my life.  My sword is magically enhanced to aid me in battle.  It will seem just like a standard sword to anyone else, but me.”
There was a pause and then she concluded, “I think that about does it.  If I’ve forgotten anything of importance, we’ll cover it later.  Any questions?”
“Yes, many.  But let me process what you’ve told me thus far and get back to you.”  He snuggled down more comfortably against her and produced a small yawn.  “I’m actually exhausted from all the excitement today,” he drowsily confessed.  With his finger, he lifted her chin up to face him and placed an innocent kiss on her nose.
Later sounded fabulous to Danielle.  She could use a rest herself.  I’ll just close my eyes for a few moments, she thought to herself as her body became limp as noodles.
They were both comfortable in their nudity and eventually drifted into a deep sleep, still wrapped together, arms and legs entwined, in the reclined extra-wide plush leather seat.

*****

Fearing for her existence, Hanna knew she had to try something to get back in Tormond’s good graces.  He had ordered her to stay hidden until the arrival of reinforcements, but she knew that was a definite death sentence.  She felt she couldn’t make the situation worse, so she decided she would infiltrate the dig site and retrieve the Eye of Odin herself.  With such a success, surely then Tormond would forgive her failure.
A quick mental scan of the facility told her there were no warriors present, so she hid in one of the buildings waiting for the right opportunity.  As she stood unobserved between one of the tall metal shelves lining the back wall, she watched as the human stood at one of the far tables, sifting dirt into a bin.  Sensing he was weak and susceptible to her will, she delved into his mind, searching for the one weakness that would give her the power she required.
Hanna manifested into a young college aged, curvaceous female, with long dark brunette hair and emerald green eyes.  His dream woman.  Taking on a demure but sensual appearance, she stepped out from between the shelves and slowly approached him.
“Hello.  Can you help me?  I’m looking for Dr. Aaron Janson,” Hanna inquired innocently.
Startled, Jake looked up from his work and took notice of the young beauty that was approaching.  Her legs were long and led up to a trim waist and ample breasts, but her angelic looking face was framed by long, luscious dark locks and her emerald colored eyes were mesmerizing, almost hypnotic.  He could get lost in the deep pools of green.  In the back of his mind, Jake knew he should have been wondering not only who she was, but where had she come from. But his southern brain was currently doing all if his thinking for him and his northern one didn’t have the capability to override any such decisions.
“I’m afraid he’s not here.  He returned to the University and I’m not sure when he will be returning,” Jake answered with unconcealed interest written across his face and intrigue in his voice.  “May I help you in some way?”
“Sure, my name is Hanley Smith and I’m a student from the University of Oregon.  Professor Johnson received approval from Dr. Janson to have me join your team in the search for the Eye of Odin since my thesis is on Norse mythology,” Hanna said reaching out her hand in a greeting while throwing a compulsion for Jake to believe everything she was saying.  She knew her story was unbelievable, but as long as she told him to believe it, he would and by the look on the human’s face, he was putty in her hands.
“Oh, well, he didn’t say anything to me, but I’m sure that will be fine.  Glad to have you on our team.” Jake said with total acceptance.  “My name is Jake Thomas and I’m Dr. Janson’s assistant.  I can tell you everything you need to know about the Eye of Odin.  I know all of the ins and outs of what’s going on here at the dig site,” he bragged, slightly shaking her hand and lingering to hold it a little longer than necessary.
With his knowledge, about Aaron Janson and the site, he will be the perfect tool.  “Very nice to meet you, Jake.  I’m so glad to be here,” Hanna said as she pulled him in closer to her body and strengthened her compulsion. “I need for you to tell me everything that you know.  And I mean everything.”
Hanna wasn’t the slightest disappointed with Jake.  He was a lovely mortal specimen and would suit her needs perfectly.  The female warrior had messed up her plans of fun and games with the doctor, but Jake would make a very nice substitution.  She was feeling a little more optimistic about the future ash party she was sure Tormond was going to throw.  Maybe she could turn this thing around, after all.  Who knows?  Maybe even Loki would take notice if she did it well enough.  Other than her goal of staying alive and surviving Tormond’s wrath for her previous blunder, her number one goal was to convince Loki to fulfill his promise of immortality.  This just might be the opportunity she’d been waiting for.  A girl could dream…

*****

Taylor’s voice over the com-system startled them awake, “Excuse me, Miss.  We will be arriving at our destination in approximately fifteen minutes.  Please take your seats and prepare for landing.”
Aaron and Danielle disentangled themselves from the reclined seat where they had drifted to sleep wrapped in each other’s arms.  They’d slept through the night and the remaining flight.  The atmosphere between them was suddenly thick with awkwardness and Danielle gave Aaron a polite tight smile when she realized they had actually shared such an intimacy.  Sex was one thing, cuddling another altogether and was reserved for lovers, which they were not.  Their coupling had only been hot and heavy, spur of the moment events.  An attraction she hoped to have gotten out of her system.  “We’d better hurry and dress.”
Without saying a word, Aaron nodded in agreement, gathering up his clothing and peering out the small window next to him.  The view was a familiar one of the scenic Blue Mountain Range.  There were tree covered mountains and valleys all around as far as he could see.  As they drew nearer to their destination, a cloudiness seemed to lift from his view and he spotted a private airstrip that hadn’t been there previously and moments later they glided safely to the ground.
The hatch opened and the whine of the aircraft’s motorized stairway filled the air as it lowered to the ground.  Aaron disembarked the jet and took in his surroundings.  Around them was a surreal open meadow covered in bunchgrass and a wide variety of wildflowers, all in the shades of the rainbow, and the air was rich with their fragrance.  In the forest beyond were tall fir and pine trees, sagebrush and yellow mountain mahogany.  He could hear a pileated woodpecker in the distance picturing its red topped head as it carved out its nest high in the cavity of a lifeless tree.
He knew where they were, in the Bridge Creek Wilderness of the Ochoco Mountains in central Oregon, which are located at the western end of the Blue Mountains province.  His university was located approximately one hundred and sixty miles away in Eugene, Oregon.  He recognized the sights, sounds and smells of his home.
Turning back, he offered his hand to Danielle for assistance in descending the aircraft’s stairway.  When she smiled but refused his hand, he realized that she could take care of herself and was used to that being the case, probably since before he was ever born.  Twelve hundred years.  Wow.  The things she must have seen in her lifetime.  The historian in him held a new found appreciation for her and the wealth of knowledge she could share with him, should she choose to.  He noticed that she had withdrawn since they arrived though and that might not be the case.
“Welcome to my world,” Danielle stated with a bit of dramatic flair, drawing him back to the present.  She knew she had come off sounding somewhat sarcastic, but in reality, she truly did love this place.  It was her home.
Daniele motioned for Aaron to follow her and ambled toward a well-trodden trail.  The wooded area was alive with forest life and sounds.  They ventured on a minor trek through the woods and came upon a small but functional village.  There were different styled and sized homes, some rustic, some modern, but all well maintained.  In the center of the village was an elaborate Nordic altar, or horgr, built of heaped stones and surrounded by a park full of various colors and types of flora.  At the far end of the village was what appeared to be a compound of military style buildings.
“This,” Danielle said with a sweeping motion of her arm in front of her, “is Bridge Creek.  My home is located on the opposite end near the compound.  Why don’t we go there and freshen up, change our clothes and get something to eat.  It was a long flight and I could use a nice, hot shower.  Then I’ll introduce you to Thunder, our leader.”  She had mentally alerted Thunder to their presence and made arrangements to meet with him after they had settled in and rested.
“Food, shower and clean clothes sound wonderful,” he said in anticipation with a smile.
“Alright, then.  Let’s go.  It’s not far and we can easily walk there.  We’re a small community,” she said using her head to nod in the direction they should go.
“After you.”
Aaron walked beside Danielle silently through the quaint little village.  All was quiet and there didn’t seem to be anyone outside or on the street at the moment.  But it really was quite lovely, homey even, surrounded by tall pines and various fir trees.  He noted that, even if this place weren’t magically warded, you’d have to stumble upon it to locate it.  The trees masked the village in such a way as to make it virtually undetected.  Maybe you’d spot it from the air if you flew right over it.  He’d add that to his growing list of questions.  Was it possible they’d somehow managed to make this area a no-fly zone?  And what of wild animals?  Then again, they were immortal warriors, so he imagined they weren’t too concerned with a few black bears and cougars.
Bridge Creek Wilderness was a very remote part of Oregon predominantly made up of steep forested slopes and barren plateaus with some mountain meadows, like the one they’d arrived in.  He wasn’t aware of any trails in the area, so chances of curious hikers stumbling upon the village were extremely low.  This harsher rural area was for the more experienced outdoorsmen, who probably hunted elk and deer in the fall hunting season.
Danielle headed up the walkway of a simple, but well cared for ranch style house, the front surrounded by a railed wooden porch.  The landscaping was beautifully trimmed to conform with the flow of the house making it inviting and welcoming.  There was even a rope swing hanging from a tree in the center of the yard perfect for a child to swing on.  Aaron hadn’t seen any children or anyone else for that matter as yet.
“This is me.”  She motioned towards the house.  “Come on in.  I haven’t spoken with Thunder yet about where you will be staying, but you’re welcome to stay here if you’d like.  I have a spare bedroom.  Or, I’m sure one of the guys would be willing to let you stay with them if you’d prefer that.”  This is a little awkward.  She honestly hadn’t given any thought to whether he’d stay with her or not and wondered what his expectations might be.
“No, this is great.  Thanks.”  He knew they weren’t actually an item per se, but he hoped he’d be able to persuade her to carry on with what they had started.  He didn’t know where it was leading to and doubted whether they could even have a future, but he enjoyed what had happened between them so far and wanted it to continue.  At least for the time being.
Aaron followed Danielle inside her home.  It was typically feminine and homey.  Just what you’d expect from any normal female, not a tough battling warrior, and it smelled of her scent.  One he couldn’t seem to get enough of.
She showed him to her guest room and told him to make himself comfortable.  It also showed a woman’s touch and her scent permeated the air around him.  Aaron inhaled deeply to take it in.  God, she smells wonderful.  He wasn’t sure what he expected her tastes in decorating to be but was a little surprised that she seemed so normal.  Maybe a little leather and chainmail to go with the typical warrior persona.  But not Danielle.  She seemed to be a normal twenty-first-century woman.
After showering and changing, they met again in her kitchen for a simple and relaxing meal.  They made small talk, refraining from talking about their current situation, instead sharing modest impersonal things about their lives, like and dislikes, etc., then Danielle suggested that they go to the compound, where Thunder was waiting to meet Aaron.
Danielle could sense Aaron’s nervousness and assured him there was nothing to be concerned about.  As they were strolling through the village on the way to the compound, she pointed out various aspects of the village.  It seemed they were self-sustaining for the most part due to their abilities and thanks to the magic provided by Annika, the Wand Wielder, and Nadine, their Protector, who helped to shield them.  The outside world was easily accessible for anything else they required and they had the help of the loyal mortal families that had been with them through the generations.
The compound was a combination training facility, meeting rooms, recreational amenities and other areas that were needed to train and care for the warriors.  As they were walking through the halls, Aaron saw a few of the warriors and asked Danielle about them.  They looked like very fierce and intimidating men.
“Who is that over there?” he inquired somewhat uncertain.  Aaron was looking across the large room at the back of a very muscular male who was six foot four with shoulder length wavy black hair.  He carried the bulk of years from swinging a broadsword very much like the one strapped to his back.  It was an aiming sword, or otherwise called a knight’s sword, with a straight double edged blade that appeared razor sharp.  As he turned, Aaron noticed the wide expanse of the warrior’s chest, his tree trunk legs and his bulging biceps that all screamed power.
 “Oh, you mean the dude with the sword?” Danielle replied.  She was enjoying his intimidation a little too much and knew she should feel some measure of guilt.
“Yeah.  That’s one big man and one mean looking sword.”
“Oh, that’s just Steele, sometimes known as DWAS.  Get it?  Dude With A Sword?” she laughed out loud.  “It’s a running joke around here.  He’s an impressive warrior with an impressive sword.  Wait till you see him in action.  Oh, and he has a tattoo on his arm of himself.”  She laughed some more, but was proud of her fellow warrior brothers and sisters and it showed.
Aaron joined in her laughter and was thankful that she had lightened his anxiety somewhat.  Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad after all.  Though they were obviously tough and dangerous, they seemed to have a sense of humor about themselves.
“Come on.  Let me introduce you.  You’ll love him.  He’s a real sweetie.”  Danielle really cared for Steele.  He was charming, funny, reliable and provided a great source of comic relief.  Most importantly, he acted as a brother/father figure to all in need and he was a Master of the sword.
Sweetie, my ass.  Aaron didn’t feel so at ease anymore but followed her anyway.  There was nothing about this huge intimidating hunk of male that even remotely brought to mind the word sweet.  He decided if he didn’t show any fear, maybe he’d survive this ordeal.
Danielle called out to the mighty warrior as they approached.  “Steele, I’d like you to meet someone.”
Steele turned around to greet them with a huge smile on his handsome face, instead of the gruff scowl that Aaron expected.  He had a pair of deep-set blue/black eyes that his infectious smile had spread to lighting them up, haloed by high arching eyebrows.  He sported a van dyke, and the mustache/goatee combo suited him with his high cheek bones.
“This is Aaron Janson.  He’s an archeologist from the University of Oregon that Thunder has invited to stay with us for a while,” she said, suddenly realizing that she had no idea what Thunder had said to the others.  “Aaron, this is Steel.  My good friend and fellow warrior.”
Steele held out his hand in greeting and Aaron shook it, trying to add a bit of extra strength in his grip, but not too much so he’d look ridiculous like he was overcompensating.  It was a man thing he felt compelled to do.
“Glad to meet you, Aaron,” Steele offered in his deep based voice.  He widened his smile, unintentionally flashing a little fang in the process.
“Holy shit!”  Aaron yelled ripping his hand out of Steele’s grip and jumping back in alarm.  “Fangs?  You’re fucking vampires?”
Oh shit!  He’s gonna freak on me again.  “Oops, sorry.  I forgot to mention that.”  She snickered and hid her smile by biting her nails.  As soon as she met Steele’s eyes and noticed he was having trouble fighting off a fit of laughter, too, she couldn’t help it when it came bursting out of her.  Steele joined her in her revelry.  Before she was finished, she was holding her stomach and wiping tears from her eyes.  She looked over at Aaron and took pity on him as he stood there staring at her like she’d lost her mind.  “Whew!  Goddess, I needed a good laugh.”
She turned to Aaron, placing a comforting hand on his arm.  “I’m so sorry, Aaron.  Really.  I told you that if I forgot anything important, I’d tell you later.  Guess, what?  It’s later.”  She really wanted to laugh again but thought better of it, so she attempted to calm him instead, noticing this time the shock wasn’t as bad as before.  Alright, looks like he’s coming around.
With the unusual commotion of Aaron’s outburst, others came rushing into the room wearing curious faces and murmuring their concern.  Steele motioned to them that everything was under control.
“You’re a vampire, Danielle?”  His face had lost all color and searched hers with false hope in his eyes.  He had the sudden urge to feel for bite marks on his neck but didn’t.
“Oh, no.  Not me.  Just the guys.  I’m just a dead girl.” she blurted.  This was just too funny.  She should feel bad that he was freaked but she just couldn’t manage it.
A laughing Steele continued to watch their exchange, not insulted by Aaron’s reaction.  He’d certainly seen humans scream and yell at the sight of him before, but he was able to simply enthrall them and remove their memories.  A convenient little trick.
Danielle stifled her laughter once again and cautiously approached Aaron, putting an arm around his back.  “Hey, it’s okay, Aaron.  Really.  I’m sorry.  I should have told you but I honestly forgot.  I had so much to tell you at once.  I promise no one here will hurt you.  We’re your guardians, remember?”
Aaron heard the sincerity in her voice and took in a few much needed, but shaky, deep breaths.  He bent over resting his hands on his knees trying to calm himself.  Holy bejesus!  This is too much...  Just breathe…  When he felt he’d regained a modicum of control, he stood back up and looked around him, hoping he hadn’t drawn too big of a crowd.  Then he noticed the additions in the room.
“It’s okay, buddy.  Sure didn’t mean to scare you like that.  We’re just not used to having mortals around here.  As a matter of fact, I believe you’re the first human guest we’ve had,” Steele offered in consolation.  “I’ve got some other friends I’d like you to meet when you’re ready.”
Aaron nodded his consent and held his hand out cautiously to greet the warriors who stood at Steele’s side.
“This is Nadine, our Protector, Emeline, our Healer, Justice, our explosives expert, and Turbo, our mechanic and mixed martial arts expert.”
Salutations were passed all around.  The warriors made a collective effort to make Aaron feel welcomed over the next few minutes and he was able to begin relaxing again.  I just might survive this, if I don’t piss any of them off.
Danielle leaned into Aaron and whispered softly in his ear, “Doing better now?”
“Yes, thanks.  Sorry, I freaked out on you – again.”
“As you can see, it’s no big thing.”  He watched as she swept her eyes around the room to encompass the others and their easy demeanor.  He nodded in agreement.
“I think it’s time you meet Thunder.  Let’s go.”  She grabbed his hand in hers, offering further comfort and made her way in the direction of Thunder’s office.  Danielle sent her thoughts out to Thunder.  Thunder, I’m bringing the mortal with me now.  He’s very on edge.  Please be kind to him.
And just why do you think I’d do otherwise?  I agreed to him being brought here, did I not?  Don’t worry.  All will be well, was the reply she received.
“Aaron, there’s one more thing I think you should know.”
“Don’t tell me that Thunder is actually Dracula.”
“No…  He’s actually Thor.”

*****

Chapter Eight



Still reeling from Danielle’s latest news flash, Aaron braced himself to meet the God of Thunder.  Unbelievable.  Someone should slap me now so I can wake the fuck up.  You’d think I’d be used to it by now and she wouldn’t be able to continue surprising me.
With Thunder’s open door policy, there was no need to knock and request an audience, but Danielle knew she was probably walking a fine line at the moment and didn’t want to push her luck.  So she knocked on the doorjamb to get her leader’s attention.  As they entered his office, Thunder stood and gave Danielle a frustrated look.
“I know, I know.  Just call me Vomitus,” she said warily.  “I told you I can’t help it.”  Aaron gave her a strange sideways look.
Thunder ignored her then and turned to Aaron.  “Mr. Janson, pleased to meet you.  I trust you were comfortable on your flight here and that everything Danielle has told you hasn’t been too much of a shock.”  He already knew from Ghost’s extensive background check on Aaron Janson that he was merely what he portrayed – an Archeologist from the University of Oregon who was orphaned and raised in the state foster system with no family connections and his hard work and intelligence had gotten him to the status he held today.  Other than scholarships, Aaron had never been given anything free in his life and those he rightfully earned.
Should I bow or kneel?  In the end, Aaron simply shook the proffered hand in front of him.  Wow, what a grip.  He did his best not to stutter as he looked at the God standing in front of him, who didn’t look anything like he thought a God should look like.  Not that he’d ever had need or opportunity to have given it much thought.  All Aaron had to work with were either early comic book drawings from when he was a child or the occasional superhero movie, so in his mind, he’d conjured up a picture of Chris Hemsworth, all deck out in battle gear.  Sure, the man was massive both in height and build, standing upwards of six foot eight, but with his shoulder length blond hair and sparkling blue eyes, dressed in well-worn jeans and a T-shirt, he looked rather normal.  And no fangs, that he could see.  Other than the battle gear, Chris Hemsworth was not too far off the mark.  Go figure.  I mean, really.  Who knew?
“It’s an honor to meet you, uh… sir,” he said not knowing what a God should be addressed as.  “She’s been most informative and supportive, I might add.  I’m afraid I’m still trying to take it all in.”
“I understand.  Just call me Thunder like everyone else around here.”  Then to Danielle, he added, “So, ‘Vomitus’… I get the feeling that it would be much simpler and faster to ask you what you haven’t told Aaron about thus far.”  Danielle chose not to say a word but stood frozen in place with a ­­­strangely ­comical look etched across her face, her eyes cast downward.
“Well, she failed to warn me that you guys are vampires,” Aaron proffered rather innocently in an attempt to actually aid Danielle in her dilemma.  Danielle noted it was a sweet attempt and appreciated it.
“Actually, I’m not a vampire.  Only those men who died and then are brought over by my father, Odin, are vampires.  I’m very much still a God,” Thunder said calmly.  “But you needn’t fear any of us.  None would dare harm you on my orders unless forced to do so under the guise that you’re a threat to us and our way of life.”
Aaron understood the subtle warning that had been issued in his communication.  In other words, ‘Don’t fuck with us.’
“No, sir,” he dragged out thoughtfully.  “I mean, Thunder.  I swear I would never give you a reason to hurt me.  Ever.”
“Alright…” Thunder said as he seriously eyeballed Aaron up and down.  “I’ll have to trust you, for now.”  Thunder was forced to accept this unusual situation and had decided to do so with an open mind.  It was either that or smite him where he stood.  He chuckled to himself at the thought.  It had been quite a while since any smiting had taken place, especially regarding humans.  “Please take a seat, both of you.”
They did as instructed and Aaron audibly sighed while Danielle took a deep breath and attempted to gather her wits.  She spent the next few minutes bringing Thunder up to date.
“As for the binding chain, I was hoping we could appeal to Freya to intervene in removing it,” she inquired.  Her expression reflected the plea she was delicately trying to make.
“Absolutely not,” Thunder adamantly replied.  “The chain is secondary to the EOD’s retrieval.  You know what’s at stake if we don’t find it.  Especially now that we know Loki is actively searching for it.”
“Yes, sir.  I’ll keep working with Zahara on finding a solution for Aaron then.”
Thunder turned his attention back to their guest.  “Aaron, I hope you’ve gotten all settled in and are comfortable.  If there’s anything that you require, please let us know.  I ask that you be patient with us.  We have a meeting scheduled to bring everyone else up to date in just a few minutes.  I’m requiring both of you to attend.  If there’s nothing else, you’re dismissed.”
Although he had a multitude of questions, Aaron nodded his assent, hoping to gain additional information from Danielle at the nearest opportunity.
“We’ll be there,” Danielle agreed while grabbing Aaron’s arm and guiding him away from Thunder’s office.
Once they’d made their way down the hall a safe distance, Aaron stopped her abruptly, placing his hands on her shoulders and turning her to face him.  “I think it’s time you answered some of those questions I have.”
“Actually, I think it would be best to wait until after this meeting.  You should learn quite a bit more there.  Then we will talk.  I promise.”
“You may be right.  We’ll talk later and you can fill in what I’m unable to piece together.  But can I just say, ‘Wow!’  I never…I mean, wow!”  Aaron’s eyes were alight like a child’s shone at Christmas time.  He looked ready to jump around and do cartwheels down the hallway like a member of the US Olympics gymnastics team going for the gold medal prize.
“You know, for such an intelligent man, you sure have a way with words,” she chortled sarcastically, reflecting the excitement in his eyes.  I like this bubbly side of him.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.
“This is all so phenomenal.  Gods, vampires, Shieldmaidens…  All these things that I’ve been taught were myths,” he said bewilderedly with a goofy grin on his face.  “I can’t wait to research all of this and document everything…”
Danielle threw her hands up in a stop motion.  “Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Hang on, now.  Hold up.  Not gonna happen, Einstein.”  After getting his attention, she continued, “Why do you think you believe that all of these things are myths in the first place?  We planted all of those rumors, made them seem unbelievable so that mortals wouldn’t know and couldn’t interfere.”
Aaron’s face went immediately from surprised to crest-fallen.  The corners of his usually tempting mouth drooping downward and the corners of his eyes to match.  The sight gave Danielle a slight pain in her chest, puzzling her.
To think I’ll never get to share my findings.  I’m a scientist.  I’m not good at keeping secrets.  I find them out and shout them to the world.
“I’m sorry, Aaron, but you have to understand.  If all of this was common knowledge, we wouldn’t be able to stop the horrid events that could demolish your world.  If you’d just stop and think, you’d realized that,” she pled with genuine concern while rubbing the heel of her hand over the top of her chest to ease the twinge still located there.  She wasn’t sure why this bothered her so when she knew they would enthrall Aaron as soon as he was out of danger.  He’d never remember any of it anyway, but she didn’t want him to know that now.
“You’re right.  I wasn’t thinking clearly,” he conceded.  “Humans couldn’t handle this without somehow destroying themselves in an all-out struggle for power.  This is all so much to assimilate at once.  And I can’t help wondering what else is out there that I don’t know about yet.  I’m looking forward to learning everything I can, even if it’s only for my own knowledge.”  Danielle could live with that for now.
If you only knew just what all was really out there, she thought to herself.

*****

Danielle wanted to introduce Aaron to Zahara before the meeting began and reached out to her through her thoughts.  Zahara, can I speak with you a minute before the meeting?
Certainly. I understand the mortal is with you.  I look forward to meeting him.
They hurried through the corridors, the sound of their booted feet echoing off the walls and saw Zahara standing just outside the doors to the conference room.
“You must be Aaron,” she greeted him, holding out her hand.
Aaron returned the gesture, taking her hand in his, smiling.  “Yes, I am.  Aaron Janson.  Glad to meet you.”
“Aaron, this is Zahara, our visionary.  She’s the one assisting us in finding a way to remove the chain.”
Zahara may be a visionary for the warriors, but she was also certainly a vision.  Aaron couldn’t help thinking that she should be a high fashion New York model.  Tall and lithe in Grecian style robes with long flowing black hair and a silver frost framing her face.  Her skin so radiant it almost glowed and her voice was reminiscent of angels singing.  Is she an angel?
Danielle elbowed him in the side to stop the stupor he’d fallen into.  She felt another twinge and began rubbing her chest again with the heel of her hand.  Strange.  Maybe I should visit Emeline for a healing.
“Well, we appreciate your efforts, of course.  Any progress in that area?” he inquired still with a slightly glazed look, appearing somewhat mesmerized.
Zahara took no note of Aaron’s attention.  She seemed to have that effect on mortals.  There were times she would have loved to yell ‘Snap out of it!  I get that I’m ethereally beautiful,’ accompanied by the vigorous snapping of her fingers right in front of their faces.  Alas, that was not her nature, but she could dream…
In answer to Aaron’s question, she shook her head.  “No, I’m afraid not yet, but I do have some theories that I’m investigating and hope to have a solution soon.  I assure you we’re doing our best.  You must understand that this is a first.  We’ve never had it happen before, but we’re diligent in our efforts.”
“Thank you.  That’s all I can ask,” Aaron replied humbly with obvious admiration on his face.
Time to break this up, Danielle thought.  “Come on, Aaron.  I want to introduce you to some of the others you haven’t met yet.”
With a nod to Zahara, she guided Aaron inside of a typical large conference room with an oversized oval table in the center surrounded by accompanying leather seats.  Other than comfortably luxurious, he didn’t see anything special about it and wondered why he felt just a little disappointed.  Maybe he was expecting these immortals to live like kings and this room would resemble a more upscale executive suite.  So far, he’d seen nothing that would remotely point out that these people were anything other than normal, except the fangs on Steele, of course.  And the size of the male warriors.  There was that.
He watched as the males greeted each other by embracing in manly one-armed bear hugs, slapping each other on the back and spouting, “Brother,” in unison.  Then everyone in the room settled around in for the meeting.
Danielle called for the others attention.  “Hey, everyone.  I’d like you to meet Aaron Janson.  I’m sure by now you all know why he’s here, so I won’t go into that right now.”
She paused for everyone to look their way and started the introductions from one side of the room to the other.  “Aaron, you’ve already met Steel, Turbo, Nadine and Emeline.  This is Ghost, Vex, Valeria, Blaze, Savage, Raven, Makayla, Annika, Slash and over there is Myste,” she said pointing to the other side of the room at a lovely red haired beauty who seemed to have isolated herself.  One and all greeted Aaron with a friendly welcome except Myste, who simply nodded her head once with a blank, unaffected stare.  He noticed that Myste maintained her distance from the others, speaking and making eye contact with no one.
Aaron leaned into Danielle and whispered, “What’s up with Myste?  Does she not like humans or something?”
“Oh no, she’s actually really great,” Danielle spoke softly.  “Don’t take it personally.  You see, she’s really flighty and moody and her hair color changes with her moods, kind of like that mood ring you guys had back in the 70’s.  Currently, her hair is red, so what do you think that means?”
Aaron took a guess.  “She’s pissed off?”
“You got it.  So we keep our distance.  She can also control the weather and we don’t want to get on her bad side right now.  You could wind up all wet with a lightning bolt up your ass.”
Amazed at this new knowledge, Aaron looked up to see several of the men exchanging knowing smiles, not realizing they heard the entire exchange with their enhanced senses.  He silently continued to observe the others in the room, wondering what gifts they each possessed.  He’d already figured out the correlation between the male’s names and their talents or gifts.  He just wasn’t sure what all of them were yet.  There was something else to add to his list of questions.
Across the room, a silent exchange was happening between the bonded warriors.  Valeria squirmed in her seat as Ghost reached below the table and teased the inside of her thigh with his forefinger.  She lightly grabbed his hand and shoved it off her leg.  Without delay, he replaced his hand on her leg and once again teased the inside of her thigh.  She again removed his hand and crossed her legs in the opposite direction, distancing herself from him.  Knock it off, Joseph, she warned through their shared link.
I can smell your arousal, babe.  You like it.
Yea, you and every other male in this room!  Cut it out!
But Ghost was not to be deterred that easily.  He loved to tease her whenever he got the chance and now was as good a time as any.  Truth be told, she loved it, too.  He hooked his foot in a bottom rung of her chair and slowly turned her back to his direction.
So help me, Joseph, if you don’t stop I’ll break it off.  Wait till we get out of here.  Please, she pleaded.
She was saved when Thunder and Vengeance entered the room commanding everyone’s attention.  Simply the presence of the God and his second was more than enough to dominate a room and everyone in it.  Pure might and strength revolved around them like a whirling dense London fog.
Okay, you win.  For now, Joseph acquiesced, leaving Valeria to sigh with relief.
“Thank you all for coming on such short notice.  I believe everyone’s present and no one is currently out on assignment,” Vengeance began.  “We’ll get to new assignments shortly, but first I believe we need to address the immediate matter regarding the EOD.”  He turned to Thunder for his input.
“Yes, as I’m sure you’ve all heard at least something about it by now, there have been new documents regarding the EOD discovered by Dr. Aaron Janson, Danielle’s, uh… new acquaintance.”  He motioned to Aaron acknowledging his presence.  “I wish to extend a welcome to him and want you all to do the same.  This is an unusual circumstance for all of us but I believe we’ll get through it with minimal disturbance to our regular routines.  On that note, I’d like Dr. Janson to explain a little about the documents and current excavation taking place at the North Sea.  Doctor, if you don’t mind…”
“Ah…Yes, I’d be glad to tell you what I know.”  Aaron was put on the spot but quickly gathered his wits about him and imagined himself to be in an ordinary college campus staff meeting addressing his peers.  I can do this.  “I understand after the fact that I’ve been duped by Mr. Tormond into working for him to acquire the Eye of Odin.  He provided me with some documents he claimed were passed down through his family lines.  I’ve brought copies of the documents with me, but the originals are currently at the University of Oregon in the custody of our linguist.  She’s attempting to translate the documents to determine clues to the actual location of the EOD.  So far, we’ve currently been led to the North Sea location site but have not as yet found it or any sign that leads me to believe it’s actually there.  I’m still hopeful it will eventually come to light.”
“Thanks, Doctor.  Some of you may not be aware that Danielle and the doctor were attacked at the dig site recently, which is why he has been brought here for our protection until we can determine Tormond’s full involvement and possible next moves.  We do know that he was able to keep Zahara from discovering his plans through her visions by hiring through a third party human, the doctor, and keeping both himself and his demons physically uninvolved.  This is a new concern for us as we depend on Zahara’s visions in directing us where we are needed, especially for something as important as the EOD.  Fortunately, the binding chain was located and triggered the necessity of our involvement.”
“Is there any word on the recovery of the Spear of Truth and the Heart of Hope?” Steele asked.
Concerned murmurs spread throughout the room and Aaron listened attentively, unaware of what these items were or their impact on the current situation.
“No, not at this time.  There’s been no mention of their whereabouts or any recovery attempts.  But keep your eyes and ears open.  Since Loki is diligently searching for the EOD, it won’t be long before he’ll be searching for the remaining relics, if not already through the same type of efforts he’s using now.  We must keep him from acquiring even one of these sacred relics.  In the wrong hands, all three combined would mean the destruction of us all.”  Thunder turned his attention to his visionary.  “Zahara, I’m afraid you’ll need to be more vigilant in conducting your vision quests now.”
“Yes, of course.  I’ll do my best, My Lord,” Zahara replied with respect to her commander.
“Looks like we can expect things to escalate in a much nastier way than usual,” another said.
“Yes,” agreed Vengeance.  “I’ve also received intel that Tormond’s recruiting efforts have escalated.  We’d best do the same.  I smell another great battle on the horizon.”  Vengeance loved battle most of all and the thought excited him on some level.  Certainly not the death and destruction of his comrades, but he secretly thrilled to the thought of giving a great battle cry and slaying his enemies.
“I will speak with Odin about increasing our numbers in preparation,” Thunder offered.  “Further recruitment and training should be implemented in force right away.  At the least, I’ll start making arrangements for a temporary transfer of warriors from other settlements.  As for our current situation, I’m going to ask some of you to assist Dr. Janson in acquiring both combat and weaponry training.  It would be best if he could assist in his own defense, as much as possible.  I realize time will not allow for extensive training, but do what you can in the time we have.  Turbo, please get him started with some hand-to-hand and then pass him off to Slash and Blaze for the weapons training.  You guys know what to do.”
Thunder received a combined “Yes, My Lord” response from the warriors.  He sat back in his chair with his hands steepled in front of him.
Vengeance took over the meeting.  “On to other business…Zahara has shared her latest visions and these are the newest assignments.  Since Turbo, Slash and Blaze will be otherwise occupied here at the compound, I need Vex and Ghost to head over to Las Vegas and get a handle on the recruitment scene happening there.  Ghost, if you can use your gifts to get close to Tormond’s men undetected, do it.  His bodyguards should have plenty of intel to unwittingly share.  Keep it low keyed and don’t start anything if you can prevent it.  This is a fact-finding mission, at this point, but report anything suspicious immediately.  Justice, I need you and Raven to head out to California.  There’s some trouble about to take place there that needs attending to.  Get with Zahara for further instructions.”
Visibly gritting his teeth and tightening his jaw, Thunder rose and added, “Finally, Zahara has asked that those ladies who can, please meet her for a quick discussion regarding the binding chain issue.  I think that’s it for now.  Everyone stay alert and be safe.”
With the meeting dismissed, they all filed out of the room.  Most seemed to be murmuring to each other and sharing concerns.  Some left through the door while others traced off without notice.
Danielle took Aaron by the arm and reintroduced him to Turbo.  “Turbo is our mixed martial arts expert.  He’ll be a great teacher for you, Aaron.”  Aaron looked at her with saucer-wide eyes when he realized she was leaving him behind.  He wasn’t sure if it was the immortal warrior part, the vampire part, or just the fact that this guy was six foot two with endless muscles covered in tattoos and looked like a consummate soldier-for-hire part that had him on edge.  Turbo was dressed in jeans and a leather jacket, had a blond military buzz cut, commanding blue eyes, mustache/goatee combo, and piercings in his ears, nose and lip, not to mention the fangs Aaron knew were also there, even if not currently visible.  This guy looked like he could go off at any minute.
“I’m leaving him in your hands, Turbo.  Be easy on him,” she said as she trailed off laughing.  “Don’t worry, Aaron.  You’ll be fine and I’ll catch up with you later,” she yelled from down the hall, disappearing around a corner.
Aaron swallowed hard and Turbo’s first thought was to play it up and scare the shit outta this newbie.  But his second thoughts prevailed.  He figured the guy had been through quite a lot in the past twenty-four hours and he might as well give him a break.  There’d be plenty of time for harmless antics later.  So he pocketed his tough exterior and donned an amiable face, motioning for Aaron to follow.
“Alright, Doc.  Let’s go.  It’s okay if I call you Doc, right?”
“Sure, or just Aaron would be fine.”
“Great, Doc it is.”
Aaron followed along wondering what he’d gotten himself into and how the hell he was going to get out of it.  Preferably alive.

*****
Chapter Nine



The corner of Fifth and Main at five p.m. was about as busy as a one-armed taxi driver with crabs.  Traffic puttered along a little faster than a snail’s pace.  It was rush hour in downtown Whiting, California.  Not exactly a big city, but they had their fair share of automobiles, minus the thick clouds of suffocating smog.
Justice and Raven stood in the nearby alley shadowing their presence from possible onlookers.   Luckily they weren’t surrounded by smelly dumpsters that contained a week’s worth of local garbage from the surrounding businesses.  For an alley in the middle of a prosperous business district, it wasn’t too bad.  The sun was still shining as it descended into the western horizon and the temperature was cool enough to allow for their leather jackets.
According to Zahara’s vision, they were on the lookout for two school buses full of high schoolers heading Northbound on their way to an out of town football game.  Her vision had revealed a hostage situation with an outcome of several deaths.  Unnecessary deaths.  Of course, this was only one possible outcome, thus the pre-warning of the vision Zahara received that involved the Huldrekall and their human minions wreaking havoc in the mortal realm.  If they could thwart the demons and their horde of miscreants before they caused any damage, none would be the wiser and the mortals could go on about their lives, business as usual, in complete ignorance of the malevolent forces surrounding them.  Blissfully unaware of the evil that breathed down their necks like a bill collector, or worse, a telemarketer.
The warriors couldn’t prevent all bad occurrences and only received warnings, through their visionary, of those that included direct involvement of the Huldrekall.  If they were out and about and happen to see a problem not demon related, they would certainly sneak in and assist the human authorities however they could, without revealing their existence.  As they referred to it – an unseen event – which was both unseen by Zahara beforehand and the hero’s sight unseen by the mortals.
So far, Justice and Raven hadn’t felt any of the usual vibes or detected that sulfuric scent of brimstone that accompanied the demons, but they stayed on high alert knowing whatever was going to go down would happen fast and without much warning.  Justice just hoped they could stop the event with minimal detection.  It was definitely rush hour out there and he didn’t want to have to corral a large mass of people to enthrall.  Raven didn’t share the gift of enthrallment and he certainly didn’t have one of those flashy thingies that they used in the Men In Black movies.  Nope, he had to do it the old fashion way, one by one, reaching into their minds, removing and replacing each memory separately.  He really wanted one of those flashy thingies right now.  Ah, fantasy.  Isn’t it ironic?  In the words of the immortal Rolling Stones, You Can’t Always Get What You Want.
Raven had the ability to control animals, but in the middle of the busy city, a bunch of stray dogs and cats, rats or pigeons weren’t going to do a whole lot of good.  And shapeshifting would really call attention to them.  They were going to have to rely on good old superhuman strength and fighting skills to carry this one through.  Plus, there was always Justice’s speed to assist in gaining the upper hand.
Before he saw them round the corner a few blocks away, Justice heard the excited rallying, cheering and the raspy shake of pom-poms headed their way.  “Be ready, Raven.  Our buses are about to make an appearance.”
“Ready and waiting to ash their asses.”  And she was.  Nothing would make her feel better right now.  Raven knew that the demon horde was growing in size and she didn’t mind the extra time they all seemed to be spending lately to cull the herd, so to speak, of the bad guys, but it really just pissed her off when they chose children as targets.  Why not two tour buses full of adults vacationing nearby?  Not that she wished them ill, of course.  But these were just kids.  She even accepted the fact that this fight could continue forever.  Or at least until all of Odin’s symbols could be located and the power of the realms was restored to the rightful Gods.
“Ah, and right on cue…there’s the lovely bouquet of brimstone.  I just love the stench of brimstone in the morning.  Don’t you darling?” Justice said in his best Cary Grant imitation.  He quickly did a three-sixty scan of the area and spotted the culprits on the roof of the three-story building across the busy street.  “Demons.  Two of them.  Up high, three o’clock.  I guess I don’t need to tell you that if we know they’re here, they know we are, too.”
“Got them.  And I think their lowly peons just rounded the corner behind the school buses.”  She reached into her leathers for one of her daggers and throwing stars, whereas Justice preferred to carry a sword strapped to his back as his weapon of choice.  They also had their holstered Glocks, but they would be a last resort due to the vast number of mortals in the current vicinity.
Six Hells Angels wannabes cruised slowly behind the buses about two car lengths back.  Obviously, they were going to have to overtake the buses to create a hostage situation, but thanks to the snail crawling traffic, the demons were forced to wait until they had an appropriate opening to do so.  It wouldn’t do to be caught in traffic while making demands.  They would need an escape route.
They watched the buses pass the alley they were currently concealed in.  At least a hundred extremely loud teenagers occupied them, half of which were hanging out the rows of small double paned windows with painted faces, blowing horns, waving pom-poms of red and black, and chanting ‘We’re number one!’ with the accompanying hand gesture.  Being the teenagers that they were, some of those ‘number one’ hand gestures looked more like birds.
Justice and Raven continued to move down the street in pursuit of the buses, maintaining their positions by shadowing along the way.  The borders of town housed the warehouse district of Whiting approximately five miles North and Justice presumed the confrontation and attempted takeover would happen in that vicinity.  If the demons didn’t make their move at that time, they’d have to wait until nearing the next city on the map.  It wouldn’t do to get caught out in the middle of nowhere with not even a mountain to use for cover.
The rooftop demons across the busy street were leaping from the top of one building to the next following the procession of buses to the edge of the city.  Their final leap from the last accessible building took them to the tops of the buses themselves.  One on each of the nomadic yellow repositories that were unwittingly transporting a number of America’s youth directly into the jaws of destruction.
Raven and Justice had no choice but to follow until the vehicles came to a stop.  With all the noise coming from the buses, they’d probably never notice a commotion happening right above them, but confrontation now could result in indirectly harming the driver, risking the lives of the occupants they carried.  Besides the two demons, there were the six motorcycle flunkies to deal with.  Holding out a few more minutes would make a world of difference when it came to saving innocent lives and it gave Raven time to call for the assistance of a few furry friends.
As Raven made her way toward the warehouse district still shadowing down the street in secrecy, she opened her mind up to the various animals around the industrial area, her powers calling out to them.  Come, my friends.  Heed my call.  I need your help.
The buses came to a halt at a stoplight near the edge of the warehouse district, one behind the other.  Justice felt now was the best time to thwart any further plans the Huldrekall had to take over the vehicles and their passengers.
“Raven, I’ll disengage the demon on the first bus.  You grab the second one.  Let’s stop this before anyone gets hurt or the situation worsens.”
“My pleasure,” she replied with a sly, slightly devilish smile.
Justice watched as Raven ran and leaped to the top of her assigned bus, her short blue/black mane whipping around her face and her long leather coat winging behind her.
She looks like Kate Beckinsale in Underworld.  Minus the fangs, he thought.
Even though the demon knew warriors were present, they still had no idea where they located.  They also had a really bad habit of being too sure of themselves and never fearing the warriors, as much as they should.  It was easy for Raven to sneak up on this unsuspecting demon, which she did in a movement reminiscent of a cannonball.  Leaping up on top of the bus in a nonstop running fashion and barreling the demon off on the other side so fast it wasn’t sure what had hit it.  They hit the ground rolling and tumbling across the hard asphalt stopping a few yards away near the dry cement gutter’s edge.
Ah, I’ve seen this Huldra before.  She won’t get away this time.
The female demon apparently recognized Raven, also.  When she finished rolling to her knees, she swiftly jumped into a running stance and headed off into the nearest warehouse building, breaking through its locked oversized doors with ease.  And Raven was right on her ass just twenty feet away already retrieving two throwing stars and hurling them in her direction.
After seeing that Raven had successfully forestalled the capture of the second bus, Justice managed to duplicate her hit and run the procedure with his own style and flare thrown in.  There was always room for improvement in his book.  After taking down his own demon, they followed suit into the same warehouse Raven and her foe had disappeared into.  Before entering, Justice stopped to check on the whereabouts of the motorcycle gang and was pleased to see that they were joining the party already in progress and had abandoned the two school buses that were now safely driving away in the opposite direction.
Disaster averted, he was pleased to report to Raven.
Awesome.
Minions coming this way to join us.
Thanks for the heads up.  I’m fine and I’ve called some friends to help us out.
Your friends are always welcome.  Call if you need me.  I’m just heading inside the warehouse now.
Justice had lost the visual on the second demon and the smell of brimstone was permeating the air in the building now.  He took in the scene of the warehouse before him.  There were rows and rows of crates creating mazes throughout the warehouse that were stacked taller than anyone could see over.  He unsheathed his sword and decided to perch on top of one such row discerning it might be easier to locate his enemies this way.  The bikers hadn’t made it inside yet and there was no one else in sight, but he chuckled as he took in a spectacular view of an army of rats that seemed to be congregating on the second level at the top of the stairs.  Someone was in for a surprise attack.  All they awaited was the Pied Piper to toot his flute.
Raven followed a trail of dribbling blood spots on the ground in front of her.  Obviously, at least one star had made its target.  She caught up with her nemesis trying to exit on the other side of the warehouse.
“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” Raven warned, but the demon didn’t heed that warning.
The Huldra just hadn’t been expecting the pack of mean and snarling stray dogs to be waiting for her and impeding her departure to what it had hoped was relative safety.  Raven directed the pack to simply stand guard around the demon to prevent her escape.  They formed a circle around the demon, snarling, snapping and growling low in their throats, gnashing their wickedly pointed teeth as saliva seeped from the corners of their muzzles.  The strays parted allowing Raven to enter their savage circle.
“Must you have your dogs do your fighting for you, warrior?” the she-demon asked.
“Of course not.  They won’t harm you unless you keep trying to run away.  We’ve apparently met before and you’re scared of me, aren’t you?  I don’t recall what I did to you last time, but it was enough for you to remember me anyway.  Just not enough to get rid of you.  I’ll remedy that this time,” Raven taunted and blew through the demon’s false sense of bravery.
“Aaarrgghh!” the demon screamed in frustration as it readied for attack.
Dagger in hand, Raven braced as the demon lunged toward her with a dagger of its own.  She effectively blocked by throwing her left arm out and up against the offending attacker’s outward thrust.  Then followed through with her right, planting the dagger deep into the demon’s chest cavity.  As the demon doubled over she ripped its own dagger from its grip and returned it to its owner, plunging it into the demon’s back straight into the heart.  Without wasting a breath, she tore her blade from its chest and swiped it underneath the folded form across its throat, then placed her booted foot on its back shoving it prone to the ground.
“Recover from that, bitch,” she spat as ash began to float around her.  She cleaned her weapon and assessed herself noticing a cut in her leather sleeve where she’d blocked her attacker.  “Shit, I liked this coat.  You got off easy,” she snarled at empty air.  Motioning for her pack of strays to follow, she headed back into the warehouse.
Justice had lost his sword and was going hand to hand with his demon.  This one was twice the size of Raven’s opponent and bigger even than Justice.  Loki sure did know how to pick them.  Justice was one of the shorter male warriors at six foot two inches, but the muscular shape he’d acquired from his transformation made up for any lack of height.  Not that Raven could really call Justice short.  Her five foot five stature wasn’t exactly commanding.  She watched Justice battle as she approached cautiously from the opposing end of the building knowing there might still be minions amongst the maze of crates that surrounded her.  
 Justice froze.  A biker clad minion had successfully snuck up on him from behind and there was the cold steel of the barrel of a gun digging into his back.  But the inevitable bullet never expelled, for Justice used his supernatural speed to step sideways, turn and kick the gun out of minion’s hand, breaking it’s wrist in the process.  Then he jammed his fist up into the ugly mug staring daggers at him and connected with an already crooked and obviously-previously-broken-several-times-over-nose, driving the broken fossil upward into its brain.  The sound of cartilage disintegrating reverberated off the spacious warehouse walls.  As the battered body crumpled to the ground, another came at him with massive, meaty fists that reminded him of some overstuffed toy boxing gloves, but Justice still had a demon at his back to contend with.  Justice took two running steps toward the Mr. Meaty Fist, jumped and planted his feet mid-chest, using the flunky as a springboard to propel him up and over the demon at his back.  He tucked and flipped mid-air in his best aerobatic-gymnastics move, landing several feet back, putting him now at the demon’s back.
Raven picked up the pace and stormed into the fray, recovering Justice’s sword in the process.  “Justice…catch!” she yelled as she tossed the weapon through the air in his direction.
The rapier flew arching through the air with perfect precision and Justice snatched its hilt in a graceful fluid movement, following through with its momentum already on course, slicing through and taking the head clean from the demon in front of him.  Mr. Meaty Fists had second thoughts and began backing away.
“Impressive,” Raven praised, “But watch this…”  She placed two fingers in her mouth and gave a loud, eardrum splitting whistle.
There was a low rumble that began on the upper floor and grew louder by the second.  The remaining five bikers looked at each other and searched around them for the cause of the disturbance.  One of them pointed toward the stairway and shrieked, “Rats! Thousands of them!”
A waving carpet of rats was scurrying down the stairs, hundreds scampering in their direction, appearing like crazed rabies infested rodents.  The bikers ran for the exit and met Raven’s mongrel pack waiting for them, thick saliva still dripping from their hungry snouts.  Looking back over their shoulders at the advancing mass of beady-eyed muroidea rolling toward them, they decided to take their chances with the growling and snarling pack of dogs, tearing off toward their motorcycles with canines snapping at their heels and ripping their pants legs to shreds.
“Now, I’m impressed,” Justice offered with a mock bow and sweep of his arm.
Raven raised her Glock, but Justice placed his hand on it, lowering it back toward the ground and shook his head.
“I don’t think we’ll see them again.  Tormond doesn’t like surviving minions unless they have a dead warrior to show for it,” he offered.
“Yea, you’re right.  They’re toast for sure.  They’ll wish they’d stuck around to let us finish them off by the time he’s through with them.”
“Let me get rid of this guy and we can head home,” he said pointing to the nose-less corpse.
“I suppose you want his bike,” she said motioning to the lone motorcycle still standing in the empty lot.
“You suppose right.  But it’s not a bike.  It’s a hog.”
“Right…,” she said rolling her eyes.  “I’ll just drive the SUV then.”
When Justice didn’t move, she shoved his shoulder playfully.  “Do your speedy thing already and let’s go.  I’m hungry.”
“I’m not doing my speedy thing.  I’m tracing him out of here to someplace woodsy.  You could do it just as well.”
“Oh, no.  You offered first.  And besides, you whacked him.  He’s your mess to clean up.”
“You know, I liked you better when you were impressed.”

*****

As Danielle entered Zahara’s home, she took in a deep breath of the calming scents surrounding her.  A nice blend of lavender and chamomile filled the air, but what interested her most was the aroma of freshly ground and brewed coffee.  Ah good, Emeline is here.  Emeline may use her dried herbs and potions for healing, but she also made the best damn cup of coffee around and that was the type of healing Danielle currently required.  Who needed a famous national coffee chain when you had Emeline’s freshly brewed goodness?
Valeria, Makayla, Nadine and Annika were also in attendance and everyone greeted Danielle with warm but guarded smiles.  She had the feeling that the news regarding the binding chain must not be good.  Valeria usually kept her in the ‘know’, but they hadn’t seen or communicated with each other recently due to Danielle’s current assignment and distraction.
If she didn’t know any better, Danielle would have looked upon the scene before her as just a neighborhood committee meeting of local ladies in the community.  Everything and everyone looked so normal relaxing and chatting amongst themselves in Zahara’s spacious and decadently decorated living room.  Nothing about the scene conveyed the realization of who gathered here and what their topics of discussion were.  No one was dressed for battle, no weapons were present and no battle plan was laid out before them.  There was no need for all of the battlement couture they donned on assignment as the outside world was completely ignorant of their presence on the earthly plain and they were well guarded against any otherworldly creatures and beings that could pose a threat to them.
Zahara served tasty finger sandwiches and coffee to the others in the room, while Emeline brought a cup of coffee especially to Danielle.  “Here, have a seat.  I put a small shot of whiskey in there for you.  Thought you could use it.  Healer’s orders,” she chuckled smiling sweetly.  All she needed was a little Irish Cream to top it off.
Danielle thanked her and then addressed the group of women she knew as both warrior sisters and friends, “Thanks for being here to help me brainstorm and hopefully find some kind of solution.  I understand you’ve all been conducting research in your spare time.  I really do appreciate it.”
Zahara stepped up to begin the discussion.  “Yes, and so far, we haven’t discovered any useful information in the ancient scrolls.  Actually, we didn’t know specifically where to begin, so we’ve been working backward, starting with what we do know about the chain and its ceremony.”
“Yes,” Nadine said.  “We were able to rule out a few things, such as reincarnation and the removal only by death, that obviously have no bearing – well, that we know of.”
“And then there are the magical qualities,” Annika offered.  “I’d like to go over exactly what took place when the chain attached and possibly examine Aaron.  Emeline could assist me with this.  There may be something learned through the examination that will give me some insight as to why it happened.”  Emeline nodded her assent.
“Sure,” Danielle agreed.  “Anything you need us to do, we will.”
Makayla spoke up.  “I pointed out that, even though my bondmate has passed, my chain is still attached, which prompted us to realize that the situation is the same with you.”
Danielle absently brought her hand to her chest and felt the chain through her clothing, nodding in agreement.
“And don’t forget about the ceremony, the blessing received by Freya, how you must truly love your mate to enter into a chain bonding,” Valeria added.
Danielle gasped audibly and her gaze seemed to glass over, barely keeping the wetness at bay and gaining the curious and concerned stares of everyone present.  She so did not want to cry.  Yes, Alarr had hurt and deceived her, but it was such an embarrassment to have to tell these women the truth of their belief.  The chain was certainly not a ‘true love’ guarantee.
Emeline rushed to her side.  “What is it, Danielle?”
“I’m afraid that’s not exactly true,” she barely whispered, unsure if anyone even heard her.
“What’s not true?” Emeline pressed further gently, placing her arm around Danielle’s shoulders.
Danielle’s face flushed and silent tears trailed down her cheeks.  Her shame consumed her, but she knew they needed to know the truth.  “It’s possible to bond without loving.  Alarr didn’t love me.  Not truly.”  Several comments of exasperation filled the room, but she continued.  She had to get it out once and for all.  She’d been hiding the truth for eight hundred years and realized it was eating her alive, preventing her from opening herself to any form of love or meaningful relationship.  It was easier to push it all to the back of her mind until Alarr’s chain resurfaced.  All of the hurt and betrayal was fresh and new once again.
Suddenly frustrated, she wiped the tears roughly from her eyes with the backs of her hands, physically shook her head to clear all thoughts of her humiliation and straightened her shoulders taking in a much needed deep breath and expelling it slowly with resignation.  Having fortified and gathered herself together, she continued.  “When Alarr thought I was sleeping, I discovered he bonded with me to further secure his military station.  He must have thought that he would be exalted because of my parentage.  He told himself that he wouldn’t feel guilty about what he’d done and he hoped to come to love me in time.  I know, or at least I believed, that he cared for me, but I discovered quickly that it wasn’t love.  Not true love.”
Horrified gasps filled the room.
“Oh, Goddess!  You would have been trapped forever.  How could he have done something like that to you?” Makayla said feeling so grateful for the time and love she had shared with her bonded mate.  It had been a long time since she’d allowed herself to feel that way because after all this time, losing him still hurt.
The revelation was quite a shock to everyone and they did their best to console Danielle.
“I never thought I’d say this about one of our fellow brothers, especially one that has fallen in battle, but – what a selfish asshole!” Emeline cried causing everyone, including Danielle, to laugh out loud.  And it felt good.  Real good.
Nadine joined in with her.  “I so have to agree with you on that!  Danielle, this is certainly not your fault and you shouldn’t blame yourself in any way.  You should not have carried that burden by yourself for so long.  We are your sisters and we love you.”
“You must promise never to do something like that again,” Emeline added.
Danielle looked around the room once more and saw the incredible bond that she shared with her warrior sisters.  It showed in each face and pair of eyes that affirmed Nadine and Emeline’s statements and she knew she’d been a fool to bear this alone all of those years and her burden lifted.
Nodding she pledged, “I promise.”
The laughter and camaraderie had lightened the mood and there were several contented sighs throughout the room.
“So, where does this leave us?  It rules out the love connection, for sure,” Annika asked, trying to get the conversation back on track.  “I’m going to really focus on the magical aspects for you, Danielle.  Please bring Aaron to my place and I’ll get the examination underway.  As I mentioned, Emeline will assist, also.  And it wouldn’t hurt to give you a good examination while we’re at it.”  Danielle was reminded of the chest pains she’d been suffering and agreed with their judgment.
“I agree,” Zahara chimed in.  “But before we finish up here, I think we need to consider some of the strange things that have been happening to Danielle since the chain attached itself to Aaron.  They may have some barring on finding our solution.”
“Well,” Danielle began, “I’m overwhelmingly attracted to him, uh…sexually.  And I can’t seem to hold anything back.  I can’t lie or even fudge the truth a little.  Whenever he asks me something, it just comes blurting out.  Which is why he’s here in the first place.  Needless to say, Thunder is not too happy with me right now and it’s going to take a veritable brain surgeon to enthrall him and remove all the information he’s gained from me at this point.”
“Wow, those sound like characteristics of being bonded.  Are you sure you don’t have actual feelings for his guy?” Valeria asked while screwing her mouth in a quizzical shape and raising one eyebrow.
“No!  No way, he’s mortal!” screeched Danielle.  “It’s not even allowed.”  She chewed on her nearest fingernail lost in her thoughts.  “Sure, he’s great looking.  He’s smart…and funny.  He’s definitely got his good points and some even better points…”
“Sounds like definite chemistry to me, mortal or not,” Zahara deliberated.  I’ll need to give this some more thought.  May need to look at it from a different angle, she contemplated silently.
As the meeting began to break up, Danielle pulled one of her friends to the side.  “May I speak with you a minute, Makayla?”
“You betcha.  What’s up?”  Makayla took in her sudden serious face and continued, “Do you want to go someplace a little more private?  We could head to my house if you’d like.”
“Yea, let’s do that.  Thank you.”
Danielle traced outside Makayla’s front door.  Makayla was famous for her welcome mats with their original sayings, and sure enough, there was a new one in place reading ‘If the House is a Rockin’, Don’t Bother Knockin’.  Nice Stevie Ray reference.
Before she could knock, the door opened instantaneously.
“What the hell you doin’ out here, girl?  Come on, get in here.”
“I didn’t want to just invade your space.” 
And a nice space it was.
“Invade away.  I invited you over, you know.”
“I really like your new doormat.”
“Yea, can you believe you can’t buy a doormat with that on it?  I scoured the internet.  I was jamming to that song and thought what a great doormat that would make.  I had to have it custom made.  Just watch.  Now that I’ve done it, someone will copy my idea and make a fortune.  Thank you very much.”
Danielle let her ramble and laughed.
“So, what can I do for you, sweetie?” Makayla inquired.
“Well, you’re the only one I know well enough that has been where I am.  You know, a chainmate survivor, for lack of a better term.”
“Yes, I see.  You want to compare our situations because you’re completely confused, aren’t you?”
“How’d you know?” Danielle asked, a little shocked at Makayla’s understanding.
“Sweetie, after the bomb you laid earlier, it would be lucky if you weren’t all kinds of messed up.  Especially after all this time.  I don’t know how you internalized that for so long, if at all.  I’m waaaaay too impatient and would have been screaming from the rafters within a week.”
“At first I was shocked and didn’t think about it because of Alarr’s death.  It didn’t seem right to speak ill of him like it didn’t matter anymore.  Then there was never a right time.  Everyone was grieving their own losses.  I guess I just kept pushing it down until I got used to acting like it was just life, something I, myself, had to get over.”
“So, you tucked away the hurt and pain and learned to manage on your own, vowing never to love anyone like that again…” Makayla said trailing off and looking into the beyond of misplaced thoughts.
“Yea.  That’s why I wanted to talk to you.  I felt you might understand it and could maybe help shed some light on my current situation.”
Makayla gathered herself and smiled, giving her full attention back to her friend.  “Of course.  I’ll do whatever I can to help.”  She grabbed Danielle by the hand and led her over to the oversized couch to sit.
“Okay, tell me all about it.”
“It’s just that I’m so confused.  Now that you know you don’t have to be in love to chain bond…”
Makayla cut her off.  “Whoa, stop right there.  You may not have to be in love, but you’d damn well better be.  Deeply, hopelessly and beyond all reason…ly…  Or whatever.  You get my meaning.  Anyway, Alarr was an idiot and I can’t believe he actually doomed you along with himself.”
“It’s just that I don’t trust myself.  I thought I loved him, but now I’m not so sure.  It’s totally possible that, if he would have survived the battle, I would have woken up one morning and realized I didn’t love him after all.  Thank the Goddess I was spared that fate.”
Makayla let her continue without comment.  She seemed to be doing a pretty good job of reasoning on her own.
“But when I think like that, I feel guilty for it, like I’m glad he’s dead.”  Danielle put her head down, covering her face with her hands.  I’m not going to cry one more tear for that jerk!
“None of what he did, or didn’t do, is your fault, Danielle.  That includes dying.  He died bravely in battle protecting our cause.  But you deserve to be free of him.  Unlike you, my mate did love me, and I, him.  I don’t want to enter into another relationship like that because I’ve had my true love.”  She lifted Danielle’s face gently.  “You haven’t.  You still have your heart to give away to some deserving man who will love you back.”
“But I’ve closed myself off for so long, I really don’t think I know how to.  Maybe I don’t even really know what love is.  Not that kind of love, anyway.”
“All I can say to that is, you’ll know.  When the time is right, you’ll know with every fiber of your being.  Trust me on this.  You’re a beautiful, wonderful woman - worthy to be loved.”
Makayla had given Danielle much to think on.  The one thing she was sure of, though – whatever her future held – she wasn’t hiding anymore.

*****

Chapter Ten



Turbo led Aaron through the compound and into the training sector, giving him a tour of the facility as they progressed through the corridors.  It was all very impressive, complete with offices, conferences rooms, medical facilities, a gymnasium with a full basketball court and boxing ring, a swimming pool and whirlpool spa, a team room, a weight room with all the latest exercise equipment, changing rooms with private multi-jet showers and a shooting range.  The tour ended in the gym at the boxing ring which Aaron viewed with trepidation.
Turbo was watching Aaron’s reactions carefully and needed to size up his trainee before they began.  He certainly didn’t look helpless, which was to his advantage.  Aaron held a healthy amount of muscle and bulk for a mortal.
“Okay, Doc. Why don’t you tell me a little about yourself and any training you may have already had.  You’re not a small guy and you’re in great shape, so I assume you’ve got some type of physical regiment that you do to keep in shape.”
“I’m obviously more of a scholar than a fighter, but I have had some self-defense training before, although I imagine it needs to be perfected somewhat, especially since it appears I may be up against demons.  I’ve only seen one that shifted into a raven and flew away, so I’m not well versed on the harm they can cause me or what their weaknesses are.  I also used to box at my neighborhood gym on occasion and know enough basics to get around the ring fairly well.  I’m no stranger to adversity.  I grew up on the streets and did my share of fighting there, too.”
Turbo was impressed and relieved he wouldn’t have to deal with a beginner.  That made his task so much easier and Aaron was going to need every ounce of strength and cunning he could muster if he had a chance in defending himself against the Huldrekall.  But he silently vowed to help the guy out as best he could.  Then again, being immortal didn’t make you a miracle worker.
“Great.  You’ve got a really good basis to build on then.  Why don’t we get suited up and go a couple of rounds in the ring to start off.  I’ll help you perfect any moves that may need improvement and show you how to protect yourself against our enemies, plus give you pointers on how to eliminate them.  I’ll even teach you a few mixed martial arts moves that may come in handy.”
Aaron was relieved to hear Turbo’s positive response and decided to give it everything he had.  There were no rules here, no right or wrong.  The situation with the demons was serious.  You either lived or you died, or in his case still being mortal, he could be maimed for the remainder of his life.  He intended to learn all he could to increase his chances of survival.  The warriors wouldn’t be around to protect him forever.  And neither will Danielle.  He didn’t like that thought so much.
“Alright, let’s do this.  Although, I’ve got to admit I’m not looking forward to facing you in the ring.  We’re the same height, but you’ve got muscles to spare on you.”
“Comes with the territory and the transition when you’re brought over.”  Turbo flexed his powerful arm for emphasis.
“You haven’t been with this group for very long, have you?”
“Actually, no.  I’m the newbie here, Doc.  Lost my mortal life in Afghanistan in 2007.”
“Real sorry to hear that.  But I’m sure you know your countrymen appreciate what you’ve done for us.”
“It’s cool.  I’ve got no regrets.  I was proud to serve my country then and now.”  The conviction with which Turbo spoke left no room for doubt about his sincerity.
They began walking back towards the changing rooms when another thought crossed Aaron’s mind.  “This may be too personal, and you can certainly tell me to mind my own business, but what about family members?  Did you leave any behind?  I suppose you can’t visit them.”
“Lucky for me, there was no one.  But, you’re correct in that, if there were, there wouldn’t be any contact allowed.  Too much to explain and too much at risk.  This is my home and now I finally have a family, a place where I belong,” Turbo said thoughtfully.
Aaron nodded his head in understanding.  “One more question.  Why do they call you Turbo?”
“Because I like fast cars, fast bikes and I can repair or modify anything on wheels to hit turbo speeds.  It beats Speedy Gonzalez,” he laughed heartily flashing his elongated canines.
Aaron decided he liked Turbo.  Tattoos, piercings and all.  Even with fangs.
After donning their protective boxing gear, both men entered the ring, circling and sizing up their opponent.  Turbo knew Aaron was nervous.  Couldn’t blame him, being a mere mortal with all of the vulnerabilities that entailed.  Other than minions, who deserved the trouble they brought onto themselves, he hadn’t laid a harmful hand on a mortal since his transformation and this was a different situation entirely.  Even training or roughhousing with his brother warriors didn’t require him to hold back his preternatural strength and speed.  Good thing he wasn’t a hothead.  He’d be able to keep his wits about him and wouldn’t worry about losing his temper.  But he did have to be extra careful and mindful not to unintentionally harm Aaron.  Danielle would have his hide for sure if that happened, unintentional or not.  It was obvious to everyone that she had some kind of attachment to this mortal, but what exactly that attachment was, he couldn’t say.
“Why don’t you come at me and show me what you’ve got and we’ll take it from there?  Just treat this like a sparring match back at your local gym and I’m an everyday guy.”
“Wow, that’s the understatement of the year,” Aaron laughed, the nervousness in his voice belying his attempt at appearing calm.
“Don’t worry, Doc.  You can’t hurt me and I won’t hurt you.  It’s all good.”
Aaron moved into Turbo and gave it his best shot, delivering jabs, hooks, a few right crosses and uppercuts.  Turbo successfully block them all but was impressed with Aaron’s power.  He packed quite a punch.  After several skirmishes, Turbo switched it up and taught Aaron some very useful kickboxing moves.  Moves that, if delivered correctly, would cause quite a bit of damage and incapacitate his opponent.  From there, he taught him improved ways to protect his own body and what he needed to know to take out not only the minions but the dreaded demons themselves.
“Okay, Doc.  Let’s try that round house one more time.  Don’t focus on how much air you can get, but how much force you can put into this one.”
Aaron did as instructed but overestimated his landing a bit causing him to come down on his foot at a bad angle.  “Ahh…  Shit that hurts!”
Turbo was by his side instantly.  Aaron never saw him coming.  “Let me look it.”
“Man, you’re fast.  I mean really fast,” Aaron sputtered with fascination in his eyes.
“Also comes with the territory,” Turbo explained while examining his ankle.  “Looks like a slight sprain.  Nothing broken.  Hang tight and Emeline will be here to take care of that shortly.”  Eme, you’re needed in the gym, please.  Our visitor has a slight injury.
Sure, I’ll be right there.
Suddenly, Emeline was standing next to Aaron and startled him.  “Hey Aaron, I’m Emeline.  We met earlier when you met Steele.”
“Yes, the big dude with the sword and fangs.  Sorry about my freaking out back there.”
“No need.  Forget about it.  Everyone else has,” she smiled sweetly.  There was something about her that just seemed pure and kind.  “I’m a healer.  Kind of like you’re human equivalent of a doctor and physical therapist all in one.  Can I take a look at your foot?”
“Yea, but I figure some ice and a little rest off of it is all that’s necessary.”
Turbo stepped back to let her do her thing, knowing Aaron was in good hands.
Emeline knelt down beside him and began carefully examining his foot and ankle.  “Nothing’s broken, so this will just take a second.  You’re going to feel some heat along with a needle sensation.”  Then she wrapped both her hands around the injured surface.
Aaron felt the comforting heat and the prickling sensation she spoke of for about thirty seconds.  Then she replaced his foot on the floor and stood.  “Okay, that should do it.  Move it around and tell me how you feel.”
Aaron flexed his ankle and felt nothing.  No pain at all.  He leaped to his feet, walked around in circles, jumping and testing the strength of his foot and ankle.  Emeline just smiled knowingly.
“Wow, I believe it’s better than before the injury,” he said in amazement.  “How’d you do that?”  Before she could answer, he put up his hand in a stop motion to silence her.  “Actually, don’t tell me.  I shouldn’t be surprised by all the things I continue to learn about you guys.  It’s just my inquisitive nature and I know you can’t give me a scientific explanation.  I promise to learn to accept some things at face value from here on out and stop asking unanswerable questions.”
Emeline graciously replied, “We don’t mind, really.  This is all new to us, as well.  I’m sure it’s been mentioned to you that no mortal has ever been to our village.  Except those that help us out periodically.  You’re the first.  We expect lots of things to be confusing to you.”
“Even so, thank you – for the healing.”  Aaron took her hand and placed a gentle kiss on the back of it.
Emeline blushed.  “It was my pleasure.”  She turned to Turbo and said, “If there’s nothing else, I’ve got some things to get back to.”  Then added silently to Turbo, No wonder Danielle likes him.  So charming.  And then she traced away.  Turbo’s only reply was to chuckle quietly, shaking his head.
Returning his attention to Aaron, he said, “Okay, now that you’re all fixed up, we’ll wrap this session up.”  Then he looked Aaron in the eye with all seriousness.  “Just remember, demons are hard to kill, but they can be killed.  They heal fast, just as we do, but if you inflict enough mortal damage, they will expire before their body can heal itself.  Massive blood loss to your opponent from a main artery is always a good thing.”  He paused noting that, even though this was all a lot to take in in such a short time, Aaron looked as though he could handle it, physically and mentally.
“You did very well,” Turbo praised enthusiastically.  “You know Danielle is a lot stronger than normal, too, right?  She’d also make a great sparring partner.  I’ve gone a few rounds with her myself.”
Aaron’s first reaction was arousal, imagining his previous physical contact with Danielle, but when Turbo mentioned his own association with her, he didn’t like the rush of images of them together that flooded his mind.  He didn’t like the feeling that somewhat tightened his chest and lower jaw, either.  What the hell was that all about?  Oh, crap!  Am I jealous?
Turbo didn’t need to scan Aaron’s mind to know what he was thinking.  He’d noticed the change in his demeanor, but didn’t take it personally.  Laughing aloud he said, “Go hit the showers, lover boy.  Tomorrow you can tackle weapons.”
With a flushed face, Aaron thanked him and headed off towards the showers.  He was tired and a little confused about this new revelation but pumped full of endorphins and he felt strong, ready to take on the world.  Bring it on, demons.

*****

As Aaron made his way out of the gym, several male warriors appeared behind him on the basketball court obviously ready to start a game.  Curiosity caused him to pause by the door to observe them.  He noted the raw masculinity that engulfed the atmosphere and envied the familiar camaraderie that they all seemed to share.  As he continued on his way, their playful banter trailed down the corridor behind him, bringing a smile to his lips.
“Alright.  We’re playing this one like normal mortals.”
“Yea, the rules are no tracing, no speed and no nonverbal communication to your teammates.  And Blaze, no getting pissed off and biting the ball this time.  Everyone agreed?”
A chorus of deep voices responded, “Agreed,” followed by the familiar sounds of dribbling and screeching shoes that echoed in the large open space.
Locating the changing rooms, Aaron appropriated one for his use.  He quickly stripped and turned toward the oversized private shower searching for the mechanism to start the water flow.  Seeing nothing obvious he stepped inside to further his search, only to immediately be blasted by the multi-jet system.  Perfect temperature.  Perfect water pressure.  Perfect fix to his aching muscles.  There was no need to adjust a thing.  Every jet seemed to seek out his underused and overworked muscles.  Sensored, he thought.  What genius.
He groaned sensuously and murmured to himself, “This is definitely my new favorite place on Earth.”  Being in his own little world, he never thought to take into account the acoustics of large tiled bathing rooms and his groans of ecstasy carried outside his current domain.
He closed his eyes reveling in the sensations as the multi-jets pulsed and massaged his taut muscles, languidly relaxing his entire body.  Suddenly a softer, naked form pressed against his back, wrapping its arms around his hardened chest, compressing its bared breasts against him.  Remarkably, he wasn’t surprised.  He immediately knew her scent – vanilla and spice.  Heaven.  Truth be told, he could sense her nearness, although he wasn’t sure how.  He decided to stick to his new motto concerning his newly acquired associates and not press to understand or rack his brain for a solution.  Some things just were, and that was a huge exception and step for him to take.
“Hey there,” Danielle whispered softly into his ear and placing light teasing kisses against the nape of his neck.  “You don’t seem surprised to see me.”
“Maybe a little, but certainly not as much as I should be,” he replied with a sexy smile that had turned up the corners of his mouth.
“I heard you were injured and wanted to make sure you were okay, although Emeline assured me you were.  Then I heard you here in the shower.”  She continued pressing small kisses and nips along his neckline and shoulders, slowly turning him to face her.  “The sounds you were making were too inviting to ignore.”  She placed more slow, deliberate kisses and nips up the front of his throat and onto his jawline.  “Couldn’t help myself,” she almost purred.
Still luxuriating in the feel of her tantalizing lips, he tilted his head downward to complete her journey and brought his mouth to meet hers with a kiss that was more tender than they’d ever shared thus far.  She opened for him, welcoming the invasion of his tongue and the taste of him heightened her desire.  Her hands traveled up his chest, wrapping her arms around his neck and ending with her fingers deftly entwined in his drenched hair.  She felt his instant arousal brush against her body.
“I was supposed to be showering,” Aaron said against her lips unconvincingly.
“Later,” she muttered and pulled him back to her waiting lips.
The water forgotten, he gently pushed her flush against the cool tile wall, running his hands down her arms and back up again, his fingers trailing along the outside of her breasts.  He pulled slightly away and cupped her face in his hand searching her hungry hazel eyes, but for what exactly he couldn’t say.  He tried to identify the unfamiliar emotions that flooded him as he touched her.  Affection, wonder, admiration, the need to protect, and overwhelming lust.  The culmination of these made him feel whole.  There was something about being in her arms that felt right.  Whatever was between them was so real it was almost tangible, although he could not give that something a name.  He could only hope she felt it, too.
Danielle studied his face as he did hers seeing the multitude of emotions that seemed to pass before her eyes.  Unsure of what to do or what to say.  Confusion clouded her mind, but she tried to hide it.  Both were breathing heavily, their lips scantly brushing together, mingling their breaths as one.  She brought her hand to the nape of his neck and closed the distance once again, matching his hunger with her own.  Then she let all thought go and allowed herself to succumb to the passion hovering between them, surrounded by a swirling fog, cocooned in their own private world.  Tasting him, feeling him, the hard length of his cock surging against her belly.
“I need to taste you.  I’ve wanted to taste you for so long,” he said as he knelt slowly in front of her.  He nuzzled her belly, swirling his tongue around her navel and dipped inside before trailing his tongue lower.  “Open for me, baby.”
Danielle groaned at his words and allowed him to lift her leg over his shoulder, opening her wide for his perusal.  His fingers crept along the silky skin of her outer thigh moving back to caress her perfectly formed ass and sliding down the crevice between her cheeks until they came to stroke the swollen lips between her thighs.  He spread the slick moisture he found there from her opening to her engorged clit, encircling it over and over again leisurely.
She gasped, inhaling her breath sharply at his tantalizing touch, canting her hips forward for more of his ministrations.  Moving his fingers downward, he entered her, slowly and deeply thrusting two digits within her core.  Then he parted her with his other hand and slid his tongue along her dampened folds.
“Oh baby, you taste so sweet.  I knew you would.”  The feel of his hot breath against her swollen flesh added to her pleasure.  “Just like honey.”
“Oh Goddess…don't stop, Aaron,” she begged grabbing his head in her hands and holding him to her.  Her pleas and the calling of his name sent jolts of longing straight to his cock.  He throbbed painfully with his need but refused to enter her before she reached her peak.
“Never baby,” he assured her and continued his unhurried barrage, tonguing her clit and sucking her silken flesh as his unrelenting fingers kept up their teasing, slowly driving in and out of her sex.
“So good…,” she mewed tossing her head from side to side.  “So good…”
When he felt she was close to coming, Aaron set his mouth directly to her clit, nipped her lightly, then locked his lips around it and suckled, sending her over the edge.  She bucked against his face and her clenching pussy tightened around the fingers buried deep within her.
He lifted his eyes to watch her as she came.  Her eyes were closed, her sensuous mouth open as if waiting just for him to enter it and as she cried out.  The wondrous rapture that encompassed her face was beautiful.  Absolutely beautiful, he thought. 
As the clenching subsided and her shudders ceased, Aaron removed his fingers and rose up slowly caressing her body and stopping to worship her breasts with his tongue, teeth and lips.  Sucking and nipping, bringing her quickly back to a state of need.  He worked his way from her breasts, up her collarbone and throat, finally joining their lips once again.
Danielle let her hands glide over his strong shoulders to his muscled chest, relishing in the smoothness she found.  Dipping lower she ran the backs of her fingers across his abdomen, feeling the rippling muscles jump at her heated touch.  She brushed against his silken cockhead, taking him fully in her hands, causing him to groan loudly.
“I want you so badly.”
“Then come inside me, please.  I need you,” she said with half closed eyes.
 Aaron ran his hand down her side, over her hip and lifted her leg, opening her to him.  Bending his knees slightly, he entered her in one forceful thrust, causing them both to gasp.  He stilled, allowing her to adjust to him before continuing to move within her.  Danielle lifted her other leg rising up to straddle his waist, clinging to him with her arms around his neck.  She began lifting herself to rise and fall on his hot throbbing cock, her body arching against his as he joined her, pulling out and surging back inside her tight channel.
Aaron grabbed her hair with one hand, pulling back to expose her neck.  He ravenously attacked her throat with nipping, sucking and kissing, making his way back to her supple breasts.  He bit down on her stiffened nipple then laved it with his rough tongue to sooth the sting.  She loved his forcefulness and delighted in the knowledge that he wanted her so badly.  She reciprocated her pleasure, she tightening her vaginal muscles, contracting around his rock hard length, forcing a deep groan from him against her breast.  He rotated his hips, grinding his pelvis against her distended clit while she milked him within her.  Reaching their peak, they cried out together, riding out their mutual orgasm, clinging and shuddering in each other’s arms.
Once he could speak again, Aaron ran his tongue around the shell of her ear and whispered, “Sometime I’d like to actually take you in bed.”
Danielle smiled slyly.  “If we hurry and finish our shower, you can take me there right now.”
And that’s just what they did – a few times.

*****

“Tell me something about yourself,” Danielle prompted as she lay boneless in Aaron’s arms.
He rolled onto his side facing her as she rested her head on the crook of his arm.  “Ladies first.”
“Really?  You’re really going to try and derail me with chivalry?  I mean it’s not like you don’t already know tons of stuff about me already.”
“Correction.  I know tons of stuff about the warriors.  Not so much specifically about you.”
“Okay, fair enough.  What do you want to know?”
“How did become a demi-goddess?”
“What?  Are you telling me you don’t know how babies are made?” she laughed teasingly.
“Of course, I know how babies are made,” Aaron said rolling his eyes.  “You know that’s not what I meant.  You’re just averting the question.  I take it you don’t get along very well with your mother.”
“That’s an understatement if I ever heard one.”  She decided it was no big deal.  It didn’t bother her as much anymore, if at all.  Well, as far as she was willing to admit to herself or anyone else.  She certainly didn’t let it influence her life and, the fact that she came from Freya, certainly didn’t dictate who she really was.
“Well?” he encouraged.
“Okay, my mother and father had a ‘thing,’ I guess you’d call it.  I don’t know if they loved each other or not.  I was too young when he died and she would never talk about it.  I was actually raised by my father’s parents and they were the kindest people I’ve ever known.  I still miss them terribly.  Even after all this time.  But I do remember my father – and that he loved me.”
Aaron guessed her grandparents had something to do with keeping her memory alive regarding her father.  In that she was lucky.
“Your mother wasn’t in your life?”  He could certainly identify with that, but didn’t share that thought with her.
“Not like a mother should be, at least.  Suffice to say, she is a goddess and had ‘godly duties’ to attend to.  No time for a child, I suppose.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”  And he truly was.  He understood the loss she must have felt growing up that even the love of her grandparents couldn’t quite fill.
“Yes, well it is what it is.  At least, I was loved.  I learned that I could never rely on my mother and actually resented even having to refer to her as such.”  She frowned deeply.  “Sorry if I sound bitter, but I really hate being associated with her at all.  I wish I wasn’t a demi-goddess.  It’s not like I get any perks from the title and sometimes others seem to look at me as if expecting extraordinary things from me because of my link to her.  I simply don’t have anything else to give – to them or her.  Especially her.”
Aaron pulled her closer into him, not surprised that she shed no tears with her revelation.  He wasn’t sure whether it was because she was strong or embittered to her circumstances, but he suspected a bit of both.
“So, what else do you want to know?  My sorted family history aside, there should be other curiosities spiraling in that brain of yours.”
“Well, having been alive for more than twelve hundred years, I imagine you’ve seen so many great things in your life.  All of the things that have happened in those years throughout the world.”
“Not so much as you’d think.  Sure I’ve heard of things, but technology didn’t evolve to the information sharing state that it’s in until the most recent years.  I’ve only been in the communities I was assigned to and protected those areas.  Nothing major happened that would interest you, I’d imagine.  Not the type of things you’re referring to.  I only knew what was happening in and around my community or region.”
“I guess you’re right.  People do tend to live in their own little worlds.”
“I did get to witness some wonderful inventions, like cars, telephones, airplanes, computers…”
“Yes, I don’t know what we did before them,” he laughed.  Changing the subject he asked, “I was wondering…if Tormond and his demons are the main problem, why haven’t you gone straight to the source and taken him out?”
“We can’t.  He’s protected by Loki.  Even the Gods have their hands tied to some extent.  We’ve rarely come in contact with Tormond himself and he’s only one of many.”
“I see. So, if I understand correctly, your specific group wasn’t responsible for stopping the 9/11 terrorist attacks.  There’s another community of warriors on that coast covering that territory.”
“Yes, there are others for different territories, although we’d assist wherever needed at any time.  But Loki and his demons had nothing to do with the 9/11 incidents, therefore Zahara had no insight or forewarning of what took place.  It’s what we call an unseen event.  Unfortunately, those evil men acted of their own accord.  There was no way we could have thwarted what they did.”
“In other words, you can protect us from otherworldly demons, but not from ourselves.”
“That about sums it up, I’m afraid.”
Silence followed and Danielle felt it was time to change the subject.  “So, now.  Your turn.  Tell me about you.”
“What would you like to hear?” he queried.  He knew turnabout was fair, but he was normally a quiet and private person.
“Just about you.  Something about your life.  Like, what you were like as a child and what made you want to become an archeologist?”
“May I ask why you’d like to know?  Other than the fact that since you shared, I should, too.”
She gave this some thought and really wasn’t sure she knew why herself.  She chalked it up to curiosity and the fact that she loved to talk.  Lying in bed was great, but lying in bed and talking was even better.  Something she didn’t normally do with a partner.  She’d never kept one around long enough to get that comfortable.  So, she gave him the first decent reason that came to mind.  “I don’t get the chance to get that close to mortals.  My own mortal existence is from such a different time.  I suppose I just want to understand you.  Where you come from, you know?”
“Well, don’t make me sound so alien,” he jested, his chest shaking slightly with his laughter.  “I’m not really all that interesting or complicated.”
She looked at him, whimpered and made a silly pouty face.  A pouty face he thought was more sexy than sad.  But he gave in anyway.  She was just too cute to ignore.
“Alright.  You win.”  He thought for a moment then said, “I’ve never had anyone I could rely on.  I’m where I am through my own efforts, my own blood and sweat.  When I was four, my mother died and I was raised by my grandmother until she passed away two years later.  I never knew my father.  He’s dead for all I know or care.”
“Continue,” she encouraged.  His reveal was proving to be much sadder than she initially expected, but she didn’t want to discourage him so she listened quietly and attentively.
“I was sent to the state orphanage at the age of six, but by then I was too old to be adopted and no one was interested.  I guess I was somewhat fortunate, though, because by the time I turned eight, the teachers at the public school that I attended noticed that my learning capabilities far exceeded that of my fellow students.  The other children would either ignore me or single me out because of my intelligence.  I much preferred being ignored.  I couldn’t tolerate having stupid or childish conversations with them anyway.  My curiosity for knowledge and intelligence singled me out.  At times, I felt like I had this huge flashing neon target strapped to my back.  Needless to say, I had to learn to defend myself very quickly and at an early age.”
She held her tongue and motioned for him to carry on with a circular wave of her hand, assuring him that she was listening.
“As I grew older, I was encouraged to take honor classes, join academic clubs, and later completed all of the applications necessary to acquire a full scholarship to the University of Oregon.”  These memories seemed to excite him.  “My passion is history, thus the archeology.  I love to touch something that has been in the earth for hundreds or thousands of years.”
“Ah ha!” she squealed comically, plastering a knowing look on her beautiful face.  “I knew there was a reason you were attracted to me.  It’s because I’ve been on this earth for hundreds of years.”
He couldn’t help but laugh heartily and noted that she had a way of making him laugh often, and he liked it.
“Maybe you’re right,” he said reaching for her again with a feral grin.  “Because I do love to touch you.”

*****

Chapter Eleven



“Oh, real funny,” Steele scoffed turning away from his computer screen.  He leaned back in his chair, raking the fingers of both hands through his wavy black hair.  His normally smiling eyes and easy going manner were nowhere to be found.  “Ha. Ha. Ha,” he added sarcastically.
“What are you moaning about?  Can’t get past another level on your latest RPG game?” Turbo asked as he whirled his chair around and gave his best friend his full attention.  The two had become fast friends and confidants ever since Turbo’s transformation when Steele had taken him under his wing.  “It can’t be all that bad.”  Then he held up his hand.  “Wait, I’ve got it!  You’re online companion from Timbuktu just lost his last life and now you’re stuck fighting all by your lonesome against an alien foe, forcing you to utilize most of your stored resources to even have a slight chance of defeating them.  No, never mind.  That you’d look forward to and just jump into the fray all gung-ho, balls to the wall.”
“No dude, you’re way off.  I’m not even playing a game right now,” Steele replied defensively.
“Will miracles never cease?” Turbo laughed.  “Okay, what’s up?”
“Look at this.”  He pointed to his oversized flat screen monitor.  “I just got this anonymous e-mail.  Someone thinks they’re real cute sending me this.”  He wasn’t furious, but he felt like venting all the same.  He really did have a sense of humor most of the time.
“You should really let Ghost take a look at your e-mail if you’re getting bombarded by junk.  He fixed mine up in nothing flat.”
Steele gave him a stern look that told him where he could put his advice.
“Alright, I’ll look,” Turbo said with exasperation.  “Slide over and let me take a peak.”
Steele vacated his seat and Turbo plopped into it grabbing the mouse to click on the offending e-mail in question.  To Steele’s dismay, he began laughing as he read it.  He was staring at a Certificate of Knighthood obtained from a local visiting Renaissance festival that bore Steele’s name which stated: ‘We the Kings and Queens of Bridge Creek, by Royal Decree, do hereby Knight you Sir Steele of Bridge Creek in honor of your bravery and faith, chivalry and swordsmanship, and do recognize your loyalty to King and Country, for all of your good and generous deeds.’
As Turbo finished reading it, he looked up at Steele and started laughing even harder.  “Oh, come on, big guy.  No offense, but it is funny,” he sputtered.  He stood and lightly whacked Steele on the back.  “Lighten up already.”
The former medieval knight watched his friend continue to laugh at his expense and decided to join him.  “Okay, I guess you’re right.  It’s funny,” he chuckled with a little less conviction.
Without warning, Myste came cantering into the room.  Today, or at least this morning, her hair was golden blonde and she chose to be light and airy, wearing one of her favorite Bohemian ensembles.  She sported a billowing rainbow colored skirt with a bright yellow top and matching sandals that laced up her calves.  Her exotic violet eyes were wide and sparkling with excitement.   But all that could change, even before lunch, depending on her mood.  Myste was very versatile, with styles ranging from Goth to Bohemian to Grunge and her hair color changed to match.  Or vice versa.  It all depended on her mood at the moment.
You definitely wanted to keep your distance when her hair turned red.  It had the potential of being worse than throwing two cats in a bathtub full of icy water.  But when in battle, her mane streamed strong and true in the purest black and she was a force to be reckoned with and definitely a warrior you wanted fighting by your side.
“Hey, bros, what’s so funny?  I heard you laughing all the way out in the hall.”
The male warriors took one look at her and mentally transmitted to one another the same message.  She’s in a good mood.
Smiling, Turbo engaged her before Steele could deny what was happening.  “It’s an e-mail that Steele just got.  Check it out,” he said as he waved her over, knowing Steele wouldn’t mind him sharing this with Myste.
Among the warriors, Steele was respected and considered a big brother/father figure to all, but none so much as Myste.  Although not lovers, their relationship was special and he cared for her deeply.  She was the little sister he never had in his mortal existence.  The feeling was mutual on her part and she believed no one tolerated or understood her like Steele did.
Myste’s moods were flighty and each consumed her with complete fervor.  She never did anything small.  It was ‘go big or go home’ where she was concerned.  Most enjoyable was her laughter.  She had an infectious hysterical giggling problem.  One so unruly, that if the switch got tripped, or the box got turned on, it was almost impossible to turn off before she and everyone around her were agonizingly holding their heads and/or stomachs from laughing so much.  It might be a painful destination, but the voyage was fun and memorable.
Steele’s e-mail happened to trigger just such an incident.  Before Myste could say a word, she began hee-hee-heeing with heart, so hard and so long that she could scarcely catch her breath.  Watching Myste herself was hilarious enough to have Steele and Turbo joining in full force.  The effect was similar to a yawn.  Once you see someone do it, you can’t stop yourself from doing it, too.
“Oh, that’s awesome!” she blurted sincerely when she was able to speak and the keening laughter had subsided to mere snickers.  “I know it’s supposed to be a joke, but I think you should embrace it, Steele.  Print it out, frame it and put it on your wall.  This would be a great spot right here,” she said pointing at a particular place on the wall that would be in view of everyone entering the room.  “I’ll even buy the frame.”  It would only be the right thing to do since I’m the one who sent it to you, she thought to herself, chortling.  Turbo gave her a knowing smile.  He’d figured out the mystery sender.
“Thanks for the offer.  I’ll think about it and get back to you.  Not.”  Steele threw her a look of disbelief.
“Oh come on!  You’d really turn down my idea?  I mean, look at you two.”  She over-exaggeratedly motioned toward them.  “You’re both wearing Zombie Apocalypse T-shirts, for Goddess’ sake.  And you,” she jabbed a finger in Steele’s rock hard chest, “You love the Renaissance festivals.  You never miss them.  I should know because you drag me to most of them.”
“Okay, I’ll give you that.  I do love getting a little taste of home,” Steele said reminiscing.  “But the Zombie Apocalypse is legit.  Several of us are participating in an upcoming 5K charity event where we will be running for our lives while chased by zombies and maneuvering through an obstacle course.  I know it won’t be much of a challenge for us, but it’s different and we thought it would be fun.  Besides, it’s really cool.  Want to join us?”  Steele smiled, full of excitement about the upcoming event.
Turbo proudly stuck out his chest flashing his tightly stretched T-shirt at her that said, ‘When The Inevitable Zombie Apocalypse Comes, I Will Trip You And Save Myself.’  Snickering, she glanced over at Steele’s T-shirt and found, ‘Zombie Apocalypse Preparedness Team, We Help The Dead Stay Dead.’
“Thanks for the invite, but I’m afraid not, boys.  I may trace over during it and trip you up, though.  Just for fun,” she teased.  “Who knows?  I may even look and feel like a zombie that day.”  She snorted, poking fun at herself.
“Actually,” Turbo added only half serious, “We could consider this a run practice.  If we were to ever lose the battle against the Huldrekall, their numbers would increase so fast, it would seem like an apocalypse.”
“Yes, if the mortals only knew,” Steele agreed solemnly.
Myste had heard enough and could physically feel the mood in the room flexing and changing.  The roots of her hair were beginning to tingle, signaling a possible color change that would go with the mood change.  But she didn’t want it to change.  It was a good day and today she wanted to be golden blonde.  And then she knew…It was time for a change of venue.
She hopped up lively from the edge of the desk she’d be sitting on and walked over to where Steele was standing.  Placing one hand on his shoulder and hooking the other into the crook of his arm, she suggested, “I’ve got a brilliant idea.  Let’s go out to lunch at the medieval restaurant you like so much.”  Excitedly she added, “We’ll eat chicken with our bare hands and you can get in a little jousting.  Turbo and I will sit in the stands and cheer for you.  Our Champion!  Whatcha say?”
“I’m in!” Turbo cried encouragingly, siding up to Myste so she could take one of his arms, as well.  “Steele?  It’s up to you.”
“Yea.  That really does sound great.  Let’s go drink ale and get foxed.  I may even be in the mood for a little swordplay when we get back.”
With a warrior on each arm, Myste lead the way jabbering nonstop.  “Hey, you guys know I like you, right?  People say I don’t have any taste, but I like you.  We driving or tracing…”

*****

Vex entered the oversized underground garage that housed the various vehicles utilized by the warriors, some personally owned, namely the sportier, expensive lot, others used for mission or community needs.  The official vehicles were top of the line SUV’s, sleekly black with illegally dark tinted bulletproof windows, equipped computer and surveillance apparatus, stock weapons and emergency gear that might be needed in a pinch.  All additional special weaponry was kept separate in the protected weapons locker and added as needed.
He pulled his keys out of his pocket, hit the key fob unlocking the doors with the obligatory chirp and dropped down into his gleaming jet black ZR1 Corvette.  His license plate said it all – GR8 BITE.  He depressed the automatic start button and his dream machine roared to life.  His seat did its automatic adjustment to his preferred settings which puzzled him for a moment.  Ah, yes.  He’d forgotten that he’d let Makayla drive back from their recent visit to the bar.  That had turned out to be a great night, indeed, until Makayla drove like a bat of hell all the way home.  He wasn’t worried about them being injured if she screwed up, but his ‘baby’ could be permanently damaged in the process.  He hung on best he could since he didn’t have an ‘Oh Shit’ handle to grab on to.  Luckily, they made it home in one piece and he silently cursed to himself, swearing she’d never drive his ‘baby’ again.  She’d just have to get her own.
He lowered the convertible top that almost soundlessly slid back into place at the rear of the vehicle under its protective shelf.  Goddess, he loved this machine and the speeds at which it could take him.  That feeling gave him a sense of carefree freedom that he didn’t get very often these days.  He’d do pretty much anything to escape the sense of loss and guilt he’d felt the past ten years because of her.  He said a silent prayer to the Goddess that she was safe...and happy.  He could check up on her to be sure, but that would only drag out and intensify the inevitable pain and agonizing grief and his heart couldn’t take it.  Best left alone.  Yea, he had to think of her that way or he wouldn’t be able to carry on himself.
He switched on the stereo system choosing something appropriate and classic for the trip ahead, jacked up the volume to a screaming cruise setting, then followed the ramp upward, hitting the control that raised the garage door and punched down on the accelerator headed in the direction of the compound front to pick up his assigned partner for this mission.
Ghost heard the roar of Vex’s Corvette as he came sliding to an undetermined stop on the unpaved and uncharted road of their magically warded community.  With ACDC’s Highway To Hell blazing on one of his favorite satellite radio stations, Vex donned his designer sunglasses to shade his blue/green eyes and tied his shoulder length wavy brown hair in a leather thong at his nape.  “Yo, Ghost.  Hop in and let’s hit the road.”
“Let’s do this.  Road trip!” Ghost shouted, joining in the revelry and jumping in the passenger seat without opening the door.
The choice to drive, rather than trace, to Las Vegas was an easy one.  Las Vegas was simply too populated to easily trace in and out of inconspicuously and too large to cover any other way than by vehicle.  It certainly didn’t hurt that they loved their fast cars and looked forward to opportunities when they could to drive them.  The vehicle was warded by Annika, the Warriors’ wand wielder, against detection enabling them to travel at higher speeds than normal and Turbo was a remarkable mechanic who customized their vehicles, making them ultra-fast and efficient.
Vex turned to Ghost as they made their way out onto Ochoco Highway No. 26.  “Hey, one request.  When I say vanish, you immediately do your disappearing act - literally.  I might just get me some on this trip and I don’t want you ruining my fun.  You’ve already got your permanent piece.”
Slightly offended, but knowing Vex meant no harm, Ghost replied, “Sure thing, but after the job is done.  And don’t call Valeria a piece.  She’s my bonded mate.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean any disrespect.  You know I care about her, too,” Vex said sincerely.
“Yea, someday you’ll find yours.”
“Not in the last or this lifetime,” Vex answered with conviction.
Vex leaned back in his seat, turned up the volume on the radio and pressed his foot down on the accelerator.  With the wind whipping through their hair, the glorious sun on their faces and the clean woodsy smell of the Christmas tree covered mountains surrounding them, Vex and Ghost journeyed down the highway to their destination.
It seemed very little time had passed when they were cruising down the famous Vegas Strip heading to the Fire and Dice Casino.
“There’s Tormond’s casino over there.  If Zahara’s visions are correct, he’s actively recruiting to gear up for battle,” Ghost stated, pointing ahead of them to the mammoth multi-light covered flashing sign.  As with everything in Vegas, the structure was over-the-top and shone so bright you could see it from miles away.  Especially the giant pitchfork and animated rolling dice with the searing flames that rose up behind them that graced the entrance.  “I didn’t get a chance to speak with Zahara about her visions before we left.  Did you?”
“No,” Vex answered while pulling into the circular drive of the valet parking zone.  “Thunder was clear enough on his instructions at the meeting.  This is a recon mission.  But with the business in the North Sea now coming to light, he doesn’t want to take any chances.  I’m sure everyone is staying on full alert.”
Entering the casino, they couldn’t help but notice how it would certainly draw in the decadent and some of the more savory types of clients.  The walls were painted blood red with the illusion of live golden flames actively shooting up from floor to ceiling.  The ceiling itself was soot black as if it had actually burned.  The air was cool and thick with refreshing oxygen being pumped in from the many vents disguised along the floorboards and outer walls.  They strolled down the main center aisle between the numerous discordant slot machines, noticing the waitresses wearing short black spandex skirts and red bikini tops accented with flames who were actively serving drinks to anyone in the casino, whether they were gambling or not.  Their vampiric sense of smell confirmed that the drinks being served were not watered down, but were intended to ensure that everyone became so inebriated they wouldn’t notice that mechanisms within the casino were designed to cheat, con and swindle its customers right under their very own noses.
As owner, Tormond trusted that his staff, led by his personal bodyguard Stan, could handle any security issues, should anyone attempt to cause any trouble in his casino.  Stan was merely human and ignorant of all that Tormond was and Tormond never involved him in his demonistic and hedonistic dealings.  He thought the Warriors were just some gang related group, or mafia types trying to horn in on Tormond’s business.  Tormond preferred to keep it that way.  At least for now.
Stan was a born protector and his career selection as a bodyguard fit him like a glove.  He revered Tormond.  The two shared an understanding and respect that he’d never had for a former client, making it seem they were almost like family.  Stan knew that he would do whatever it took to protect his employer without regret.
Stan was on the floor of the casino by the blackjack tables, watching over the crowd and checking for any security breaches, when he heard the familiar beep initiating a call coming over his ear piece.  He answered immediately with, “Yes, Mr. T.”
“Stan, I got a vibe a few minutes ago and after checking the monitors, my suspicions were confirmed.  The two big guys at two o’clock are Warriors.  Keep an eye on them and make sure they aren’t going to cause me any trouble in the casino.  Don’t let them out of your sight while they’re on the property and call me immediately if there’s a problem.”
“Of course, Mr. T.”  Stan looked around zooming in on the targets in question.  Yeah, they were big alright, but so was he.  If they were looking for trouble, he’d be glad to oblige them.
Vex and Ghost sat down at the green felt covered table joining three other players and motioned for the dealer to break each of their two hundred dollars into chips.  They settled in to enjoy a few hands of blackjack while they scanned the area for any vibrations or sulfuric smells, watched over the crowd for possible trouble and listened around them for any hints of recruitment activities.  The only offensive smells filling the air were coming from the blonde at the next table with too much sickly-sweet perfume on and her partner who was smoking like a chimney.
The petite female dealer made their requested exchange and greeted them with, “Welcome, gentlemen.  Good luck.”
Have you picked up anything yet?  Ghost communicated via their link.
No, nothing unusual, Vex replied.  I always expect to feel some vibrations when we enter this joint, but I can’t get a handle on the number or the distance.  It could just be coming from Tormond sitting in his office.  I don’t feel anything close by, but stay alert.
If this recruiting thing is true and they are increasing, they’re probably all out in the worst parts of town adding to their numbers, while we’re sitting in here.  Maybe we should head out, too.
Not yet, I’m on a roll here.  No hurry anyway.  They have to come back this way at some point.  Vex’s current first love was poker, anyway, anyhow.
Suddenly, there was a disturbance next to Vex as one of the drunken college boys, who was sitting to his left, pounced out of his seat, sending it toppling to the multi-colored carpeted floor and shouted threateningly at the dealer, “Hey, hold up.  I stayed on two split hands with kings and jacks each.  You had to take a draw having only a queen and a six of clubs.  I’m tired of raising my bet so high and then watching you draw the perfect card needed to beat my hands every time.  That fucking deck is fixed.”
“Sir, I assure you, this is a random draw machine.  I can’t control what card I choose.  The shuffles are completely automated,” the dealer pled in a shaky voice.  “Please, sir, calm down and take your seat.  It’s random luck and I’m sure you’ll win again,” she said with a hopeful voice.
“I will not calm down!  It’s amazing how when I first sat down I seemed to have quite a few winning hands and just when I started to get a nice stack of chips, you keep teasing us into the perfect bids and then coming up with the perfect cards needed for the house to win,” he bellowed.
Having heard enough, Vex couldn’t stand by and watch the abuse of the obviously terrified dealer who stood wide eyed, her hands visibly trembling.  He decided to take control of the situation, his natural protective instincts kicking in.  This guy should pick on someone his own size.  Don’t ya think?
Absolutely, but do it calmly.  We can’t start something here and draw too much attention to ourselves.
No worries.  I’ll keep it cool. 
Vex calmly turned his attention to College Boy.  “Sir, you know everyone wins and everyone loses in casinos.  You didn’t honestly think that you would come to Vegas and go home a millionaire, did you?  That’s why it’s called gambling - there’s a possibility that you will lose.  There’s certainly no reason to verbally abuse this nice young woman.  She’s just doing her job.”  Vex turned to smile at the dealer who, while still trembling, nodded her head in thanks.
“What business is it of yours?  I’m not gonna listen to your crap advice.  I’m so pissed, I just want to hit something, and I figure you might just do,” College Boy said, standing to his full towering height.  He was built like a linebacker so Vex had no problem with obliging him.
Oh, this could be so much fun, Ghost.
No can do, Vex.  You know that’s not our mission.  We have to bow out of this one.  You know that we can’t fight innocents, even if they are the biggest jerks.
Yeah, you’re right.  Come on, let’s make a subtle exit.  Shit, he’s going to think I’m a coward…
Vex reigned in his temper and plastered a sarcastic smile on his face.  “Sir, I hope you have a nice night,” Vex said.  “Cheer up.  Maybe you’ll win the next one.”  Turning toward the table once more, he placed a hundred dollar chip in front of the dealer this time with a genuine smile.  She returned his smile mouthing ‘Thank you’ as she looked at him with wary eyes.
I’m heading to the men’s room.  I need a secure place to disappear then I’m going back over to the table to see what I can find out.  I noticed that bodyguard eyeballing the confrontation.  Wait for me at the front entrance.
Will do, Ghost.  Be careful and yell if you need me.
As Vex headed for the front entrance, Ghost entered the nearest men’s room and checked to see if anyone had a visual on him.  He wasn’t worried about cameras as they weren’t allowed in restrooms, but he didn’t want to have to take the time to enthrall anyone either.  Confirming he was alone, he mentally called on his gift, instantly transforming with no need to disrobe beforehand, then he snuck back out onto the casino floor.
He carefully made his way back over to the blackjack table he and Vex had occupied previously, making sure not to collide with anyone in the process.  He had been correct in his assumption regarding the bodyguard’s curiosity.  He hovered in the background observing the scene that was unfolding before him.
Speaking into his headset, Stan motioned for another guard to follow the Warriors as they left the card game, then headed toward the table himself.  He became very interested once he heard College Boy confront the Warrior, but when he stood at his full height, Stan couldn’t help but be impressed.  And his friend was no slouch either.  He knew he needed to introduce these gentlemen to Mr. T. for possible recruitment.  He could decide whether he wanted them to join in their cause.  
Approaching the two drunks, he tapped the verbal one on the shoulder and said cordially, “Excuse me, sir.  My name is Stan.  I’m with the casino’s management and I couldn’t help but hear your concerns earlier.  I would like to apologize for any misunderstanding and invite you to meet with the owner, Mr. Tormond.”  Glancing at the dealer, he noticed a look of trepidation flash through her eyes, before she quickly lowered them.  “I think he would really like to make your acquaintance,” he encouraged.
“Yea? Really? Wow, the owner.  How cool is that, Bart?” the drunk addressed his companion.  He was beaming with so much self-pride he gave the impression of someone puffing out his chest and banging on it with his fists like Tarzan in the jungle, minus the trademark yell.
“Yea, that’s really cool, Larry.  Wow, we come to Vegas, have a few drinks, win a few bucks, and now we get to meet the owner of one of the top casinos,” Bart said excitedly.
“Lead the way, my man,” Larry said with enthusiasm.
Ghost was frustrated that he wouldn’t be able to follow them to their meeting with Tormond.  Even with his ghostly appearance, his presence would still be detected.  He had no doubt that Tormond was aware of their presence, but there was no way he could get away with being in the same room.  Having quickly scanned their minds, he had no doubt these boys were recruitment material.  They were definitely corruptible and perfect specimens for doing Tormond’s bidding.  He made note of their physical features because he knew they would be meeting again.  Only next time, they wouldn’t be walking away.

*****

Stan was getting really tired of listening to the college boys going on and on about getting to meet the owner as he lead them through the casino and further into the office area.  Sheesh, these boys just won’t shut up!   As he neared Tormond’s door, he instructed, “All right, boys.  You’re about to meet Mr. T.  You will only speak when spoken to.”  Stan’s commanding voice left no room for argument.
“Mr. T?” Bart asked.
“You don’t need to worry about his name, just feel privileged that you’re getting this introduction,” Stan replied as he quietly knocked on the office door.
Sitting behind his desk observing the security monitors, Tormond watched as the last of the two warriors exited his casino.  Good, they’ve gone with no incident.  Guess they didn’t find what they were looking for.
“Enter” Tormond commanded, viewing the monitor reflecting Stan along with the same two college boys he had seen in a confrontation at the blackjack table earlier.  
Tormond sat casually behind his desk with his typical air of authority.  He emanated the presence of a true leader and Stan was proud to have been invited at such a young and troubled time in his life to be included in Mr. T’s justice for a free life.  He was proud to bring him new recruits for their cause and hoped that Mr. T would see that both Larry and Bart would be an added benefit.  Even with their incessant talking, their physical size alone was impressive.  They’d have to learn some discipline, but that came with the territory.
Tormond’s first impression of the new recruits revealed that their minds were completely corruptible.  They certainly conveyed more than half of the so-called Deadly Sins, sloth not being one of them, considering their muscle-bound physiques.
Rising from his chair, he addressed the larger of the two.  “Welcome to the Fire and Dice Casino.  I’m Mr. Tormond.  And you are...?”
Stan stepped up and introduced Larry and Bart who offered handshakes to Tormond.
“I don’t know if Stan has fully explained what this meeting is all about, but I’m sure that you will fit right in.”
“Fit in?” Larry asked.
“Stan, please return to the floor and make sure that all security issues have been handled,” Tormond cordially instructed, ignoring Larry’s question.
“Certainly, Mr. T,” he replied, understanding that he needed to make sure that the warriors had truly left the building and if not, continue monitoring them.
After watching the door close, Tormond turned his attention back to the two men.  “Now, where were we?”
“Well, sir, we were…,” Larry began.
Tormond immediately silenced Larry’s response, really not caring what he had to say, and got right down to business.  Connecting with both of their minds, he took immediate control.  Oh, my favorite part.  The fear - it’s euphoric.
He knew they felt the strength behind the hold he had over their minds and bodies and he felt their meager struggles.  He also heard their thoughts.  Like all mortal males that were built like linebackers, Larry and Bart thought they would never have anything to fear.
Oh, my God!  I can’t move.  What the hell’s going on? Bart screamed silently.  He could only move his eyes and really wished he hadn’t as he observed the casino owner standing in front of Larry in a commanding stance.  Tormond was menacing with his lips curved into an evil sneer and his eyes gleaming wholly black like the darkest marbles.  Larry!
Larry’s face was filled with pure terror and unbearable pain.  His eyes were huge and bulging out of his skull.  His ashen face was contorted in a horrible scream filled with agony, but the sound…  Oh, God…the sound…
Along with Larry’s screams, Bart swore he heard hundreds of screeching voices as if devils or demons surrounding them with their hellish cries of torment.  It was the sound of absolute death.
Bart couldn’t move to cover his ears.  The sound alone was so painful he thought his ears would begin bleeding at any moment.  He needed help.  Why was no one coming to help?  Surely they heard the horrific screams and wails.  Please God, help me!  But no one came as he watched Larry’s body surrender and crumple to the floor.
Then the casino owner turned toward him and he heard his own screams as he felt his mind and soul being ripped from his body.
As Bart’s screams eventually turned to whimpers, Tormond stepped back and addressed both men.  “Now, you are mine and you will do everything that I command.”
“Yes, my Lord,” they responded in unison.
Tormond was pleased.  These two would make a great addition to his minion ranks.  But they needed more, many more.  And the search would continue.  They had an army to build.

*****

Chapter Twelve



The languid feeling of lying in Aaron’s arms had vanished.  Danielle was fraught with too much tension.  Her chest felt strung so tight it just might spring like an overused string of a violin.  She made her way to the weight room, hoping to work off the tension or at least relieve it somewhat.   She was pleased to find the room empty and grabbed a towel from the shelf as she entered.  She stepped up onto an elliptical exercise machine, chose her preferred course on the control panel and began the hour long trek of pushing, pulling, stepping and climbing.  Instead of inserting the available ear buds and immersing herself in music, she lost sight of everything around her.  Closing her eyes and allowed her thoughts to wash over her.
But allowing this all at once was too much and caused the pain within her chest to increase.  She mentally chastised herself as her pulse and breath quickly increased at an abnormal pace with her thoughts and the problems revolving around Aaron took hold of her.  She realized she must take control of her thoughts, organize them into smaller pockets that she could handle without them overwhelming her.  She’d tackle one concern at a time, analyzing it rationally.  Not allow her thoughts to engulf her, sweeping her out to sea like an insurmountable undertow and swallowing her whole, never to resurface.  She was a disciplined warrior – she could do this.  She took deep even cleansing breaths until her heart rate lessened.  Once this task was achieved, she was ready to begin again.
With her eyes still closed, Danielle pictured Aaron in her mind.  He was so beautiful to look at and delightful to touch, so very sexy.  And when he touched her…
Wait…stop.  That thought would have her pulse racing again.  But, that in itself, was definitely not a problem as far as her vision and body were concerned.  Although she certainly wanted him sexually now, just how long would that last?  Her past had taught her that men weren’t reliable or trustworthy.  Alarr had unwittingly taught her that.  As did the other men in her past that refused to respect her as a woman and a warrior.
The real question was her strange and instant attraction, the pull she felt towards him and not only on a physical level.  Almost as if she knew him, not as a person, but deeper, as in his soul.  Yes, he shared the same coloring as her former mate, but so did millions of others and they didn’t make her do and say the things she was drawn to do with Aaron.  She’d unbelievably outed her entire race with little thought of the consequences.  It must be the binding chain.  Had to be.  There just was no other explanation.  So predictably, once it was removed, the attraction would go with it.  Wouldn’t it?  She trusted Zahara and the other’s to find a solution.
“The sooner the better,” she mumbled somewhat unconvincingly.
Playing devil’s advocate, another thought took form.  What if they didn’t find a solution?  She admired him.  His occupation, his character, his intelligence, his bravery.  His willingness to put aside his scientific beliefs and not only believe, but trust her here in her existence.  She wanted to be treated like a normal woman, not a warrior or demi-goddess, and he did all that without being asked to.  He also seemed to respect her as an equal.  Mentally as well as physically.  Although in reality, she was not only physically stronger, but they didn’t share the same life expectancy.  She still appreciated his efforts.  For eight hundred years, she’d longed to be seen as a normal woman and she wanted to be loved as one, as well.
He also annoyed her.  He was too dedicated to his work and narrow-minded at times.  Especially regarding the EOD.  Knowing all that he did about the dangers involved, he didn’t have the sense to walk away.  He was still determined to continue his quest.  Just what was his problem?  Didn’t he get it?  You’d think with that brain he would.  One thing he didn’t realize was that, should he actually locate the EOD, he wouldn’t just have Tormond and his crew to contend with, but the Gods would never allow him to keep it and study it.  They’d not only take it away from him, but they might not leave him alive long enough to attest to having found it.  Too much memory scrubbing could be seriously dangerous.  The Gods would probably see it as a mercy to end his existence.
But what was she thinking anyway?  She couldn’t possibly have a future with this mortal.  And he was just that – mortal.  He was not a warrior and could never fit into her world, and wishing it was so wouldn’t make it right.  Those thoughts were foolish.  It was forbidden.  Having sex with mortals was commonplace amongst their kind, but never could they hope to keep them for themselves.  She knew of only one before her that had been reckless enough to allow such an attachment to come to fruition – Vex.  And his was a very sad tale.
No, she could never allow herself to fall in love with a mortal.  Thunder would never allow it.  She knew Aaron was only welcome here for a short while.  Thunder would only allow him to stay until he wasn’t useful anymore.  They could have no future.
Fall in love?  A future?  Why would she want a future with him anyway?  What crazy thoughts?  It’s not like she was in love with him.  No how, no way.  She’d learned over the past eight hundred years not to allow such feelings.
“Been there, done that, have the scars to prove it,” she murmured to herself again.
Well, if you could call what she had with Alarr love.  Since having to face her past again of late, she wasn’t so sure.  At least it wasn’t the kind of love she craved at the time.  She’d allowed herself to be tricked into an illusion.  One mistake she would never repeat again.
But she felt such contentment when she was lying in Aaron’s arms this morning.  So satisfied.  So serene.  So warm.  So…safe.
She visibly shook her head, as if she could vanquish the thoughts and remembered feelings by her movements.  No, that’s all it was – contentment.  She was simply pleasantly sated at the time from his masterful lovemaking.  Nothing more.
And she had to ensure it stayed that way.

*****

Aaron stood with a large sword in his hand facing off his opponent.  A huge warrior who carried a confident look in his dark deep-set eyes.  He had full sleek black hair that fell just past his shoulders and the top portion was pulled back into a leather thong held at the back of his head.  His broadly muscled chest was shirtless and his darkly tanned skin sported a tattoo of three interlocking triangles directly over his heart.  He bore many other tattoos.  Egyptian symbols adorned the center of his forehead and cheeks and accented the van dyke beard and full lips on his exotically sun-bronzed face.  He wore black silken pants that were secured around his trim waist by a wide matching sash that reminded Aaron of a tuxedo cummerbund.  He was shoeless and moved around nimbly on the balls of his feet with the grace befitting an adept dancer in a wide arc circling his opponent.  Then he took a stance that was battle ready with a lethal scimitar held out in front of his formidable body.
“So, Slash,” Aaron began, trying to control the trembling in his voice.  He knew he was no match, but he refused to come off appearing cowardly.  “This is a first for me, but you obviously know what you’re doing.”  Aaron assumed ignorance trumped cowardice in this instance.
This was the beginning of his weapons training.  Without consulting him, they’d decided he would most benefit from training in daggers, swords and guns.  Gee, thanks, guys.  The guns he could deal with and Turbo had given him some constructive instruction regarding daggers, using his Egyptian jambiyah, during yesterday’s hand-to-hand training.  But facing off with a largely ripped Egyptian who smiled incessantly didn’t make that same list.  The smiles looked genuinely friendly, which made it feel that much more wrong.
“Yes, my friend.  I’ve been around for a very long time.  Since the fourteenth century actually.”  Aaron’s eyes went wide.  He didn’t think anything else could shock him, but once again, he was wrong.
“There’s no need to be nervous.  I just want to see what you’ve got,” Slash said with a slight Middle Eastern inflection that flowed from his lips in a low sexy drawl.  “But I can see that you’ve never held a sword before.  Correct?”  The genuinely friendly smile never left his face, although he wasn’t striving to be condescending.
“That’s right.  And I think I could’ve happily gotten through the rest of my life without ever having done so.  I’m obviously not too fond of this choice of weapon,” Aaron said sheepishly while pointing the sword out and away from his body.  He tried his best not to appear geeky, but sometimes it was beyond his control, which was one reason he kept his own body fit and toned.  “And yours looks even more intimidating,” he admitted evenly.
“That’s perfectly understandable.  But don’t worry.  We’ll start from the beginning with how to properly hold it.”
Slash had relaxed his warring posture and closed the distance between them.  With his right arm, he held his sword out straight in front of him at shoulder lever and turned his grip inward, demonstrating the proper positioning of his hand on the hilt of his sword.  The strength of his grasp was apparent, as well as the sinewy muscles that draped his limb and continued up into his shoulders.
Aaron mimicked the hold on his own weapon noting the view of his own grip and silently praised himself.  It wasn’t best in show, but it was still impressive.
“Are you really from the fourteenth century?  Forgive my curiosity, but my passion is history – of all kinds.”
“Yes, from Egypt.  I was brought over in the year 1312.  I was the ruler of my Wuhadept tribe.  My given name is Ammon, an honor my parents bestowed on me after the King of the Egyptian Gods, whom some also call Amun.”  Slash held a fond faraway look in his eyes and stared over Aaron’s shoulder into the unseen.
Aaron couldn’t help but picture a masterful Slash sitting steadfastly upon a strong black steed atop a mountainous sandy peak with his black hair and robes whipping behind him.
Then Slash blinked, his sight refocusing on Aaron.  “But I’m afraid you won’t find me in any history books.”
“Wow, your tribe may have been part of the early desert-dwelling Bedouins,” he queried.
“Of that, I have no idea.  Shall we continue with your training?”
“Yes, of course.”  Aaron also let go of the past and refocused his attention to the task at hand.
“Okay, first you should know that the foible, the top third of the blade, is the weakest part of your sword and the forte, the bottom third of the blade, is the strongest part.  I want you to thrust your sword at me.  Just extend your sword arm straight out to its fullest length without lunging.”
Aaron did as instructed and Slash met his thrust by capturing his sword near the hilt, performing a circling motion around it and ripping it from his grasp.  Aaron marveled at the speed and accuracy Slash demonstrated in his moves.
“That,” Slash said motioning to Aaron’s sword lying on the ground, “is not what you want to happen.  Whatever you do, never let your opponent disarm you.”
They practiced lunging, thrusts, parries, cuts, attacking, advancing, even when to retreat and Aaron felt somewhat adept when they had finished.  He wouldn’t ever look forward to fighting in this manner, but at least he had the basics down and could hold his own if need be.
“Well done, my friend,” Slash acclaimed.  “We’ll make a warrior of you yet.”
“Oh, no.”  Aaron shook his head adamantly.  “I have no intention of becoming a warrior.  At least not anytime soon.  Although, I guess it could be something to aspire toward once I’ve lived a full and fruitful life.”
“My friend, we never know what life, or the possibly of another thereafter, has destined for us.  Always aspire to live the one you have now, fully and fruitfully, every day.”
Aaron could see, through Slash’s words and actions, he had been a wise and gracious ruler then because he was a wise and gracious warrior now.  He was glad to know Slash was on the side of good now, too, because he’d much rather fight with him than against him.  Any of the warriors actually.  They were a formidable bunch.  This thought led him to ponder just how bad the ‘bad guys’ really were and whether he’d be able to protect Danielle when and if the time came.  He wasn’t sure how effectual he would be, but he did know one thing – he’d sacrifice his life trying.  After all, she’d already saved his.
Aaron’s next stop was the shooting range.  While Slash escorted him there, his love of history and knowledge got the better of him once more.
“Can you tell me about the tattoos you have?”
“Gladly.  This one,” he said as he pointed to his chest, “You will see a lot of.  It is the symbol for the Eye of Odin.  All of the male warriors carry this mark.  It symbolizes the Valknut or slain warriors knot”
“I thought I recognized it, but I wasn’t sure.”
“As for my facial markings, this one symbolizes honor,” he instructed pointing to his forehead.  “These on my cheeks symbolize loyalty and strength.”  These were obviously qualities that he lived his life by and it showed.
“Nice.  Anymore?”
He laughed heartily.  “If you mean do I have a big heart-shape with a lady’s name in it tattooed on my ass, I’m afraid not.”
Aaron laughed along and then asked, “Speaking of ladies…  How does that work around here between all of you?”
“Are you referring to the relationships between the male and female warriors?”
“Yes.  For reasons I’ll refrain from mentioning, I know you can have sex with mortals, but how does that work between all of you being immortal?”
There was a sudden blur in Aaron’s peripheral vision.
“Well, there certainly aren’t any mass orgies going on around here.  Not that I haven’t tried to organize it,” Blaze interrupted playfully with a sly smile spread across his face.  They’d entered the shooting range where Blaze had picked up on the conversation from across the range with his preternatural hearing and decided he’d like to participate.
Aaron had met Blaze previously in the meeting but now was unprepared for the intimidating man that stood before him.  This vampire could scare the skirts off a schoolgirl.  He was at least six foot six, if an inch, with a wrestler’s build, wearing a body-hugging cotton shirt that wrapped his impressive abs and bulged around his biceps.  He must have possessed some fashion sense as he was dressed in style from his crown to his Italian loafer wearing toes.  He sported a nice sized diamond earring in one ear and designer sunglasses perched on the edge of his slightly crooked nose that had seen its share of fists.  His head was smooth as a baby’s butt and the whole package was covered in mocha colored skin.  He projected a stunningly dangerous aura that Aaron imagined many women would be irresistibly drawn to.
“Dream on,” Slash laughed.  “The ladies may be liberated, but they certainly aren’t that liberated.”
“I don’t know…,” Blaze sing-songed.  “Mac’s getting real close.”  He and Slash embraced in a manly bear hug accompanied with the appropriate slap on the back and the greeting, “Brother,” in unison.
He stuck out his hand in greeting to Aaron.  “Blaze.  Nice ta meet cha.  We sorta met earlier.”
Aaron returned the salutation chuckling along with the warriors.  “You, too.  I’m Aaron.”
“Actually,” Slash continued with his explanation, “Some are bonded, but many aren’t.  It’s not a very popular choice.”
“Really?  Why’s that?  Isn’t it like getting married for mortals?” Aaron asked.  He didn’t notice the two men glancing at the chain around his neck with interest.
“Oh, no.  Getting married by promising vows that can be easily broken at a later date is nothing like being chain bonded.  Mortals promise to love and cherish for life and, as we all know by a divorce rate of over fifty percent, that usually isn’t what happens.  It’s much easier to make that type of commitment when you know you have an ‘out’ if things aren’t all sunshine and roses.”  Slash pointed to the chain around Aaron’s neck.  “Chain binding is much more serious and should never be entered into unless you’re one hundred percent positive that no matter how much you may want to hate her right now, you still love her, no matter what.”
Blaze added, “There is no divorce for us.  And because we’re immortal, there is no end.  You’ll never see me putting one of those things around my neck.  I mean, I love the ladies, and I do it very well and often.  But then I just want them to go home.  Case closed.”
Aaron looked stricken as his hand glided up to touch the chain.  Panic was evident in his eyes.  “Of course, that doesn’t mean you’re bound to Danielle.  We really don’t know yet what this means, but definitely not that,” Slash assured him.  “I’m sure we’ll figure it out soon.”
“Bound to Danielle?” Aaron asked wide eyed.
“You know she was bound before, years ago, right?” Blaze asked.  “That chain you’re currently wearing belonged to her mate who was killed in The Great Battle.”
Stunned, Aaron shook his head slowly back and forth.  “N- no,” he stuttered.  “I knew it belonged to her, but no one’s really told me much else.”
Slash gave Blaze a hard look.  Way to go, brother.  Danielle should have been the one to spill the beans.
Oh, man.  I’d have thought she’d told him by now, Blaze responded.
“I’m sure Danielle will tell you.  Maybe she just hasn’t had the time yet.”  Slash tried to make a recovery of the mess they’d just created.  “You haven’t been here very long.”
Aaron appreciated Slash’s efforts but recognized them for what they were.  He suddenly felt the need for a change of topic and turned his attention to Blaze.  “You ready to get started here?  I feel like I could shoot something right now.”  No explanation necessary.
“Sure, buddy,” he chuckled.  “Come with me and we’ll get to it.”
Aaron thanked Slash for his time and training and headed in the direction Blaze indicated.  He spent the next couple of hours with Blaze and was glad to do something constructive.  He shot the hell out of every target that was thrown at him with a variety of weapons.  He discovered that aggressively firing at inanimate objects was great stress relief.  Who knew?
By the end, he hadn’t figured out how to approached Danielle about this latest bit of news.  Then again, maybe he wouldn’t approach her at all.  He wasn’t exactly pissed off at her, just disappointed.  But why am I disappointed?  It really had nothing to do with him and once this chain was off, they’d go their separate ways.  Right?  Like Slash said, he wasn’t bonded to Danielle.  This was just a fluke, so he’d enjoy what they had together now, while he could.  There was no reason to stir things up.  They weren’t in love and they never could be.  So why do I still feel disappointed?
Blaze pulled him out of his thoughts and suggested they join some of the others in the rec room.  There was a soccer game he wanted to catch.  Agreeing, they made their way to an area where several others had gathered.
The room was furnished like a first class recreational zone completed in an elegant-posh-sports-bar style.  One wall housed the largest flat-screen TV he’d ever seen, where there was sure to be all the latest video games available and the entire room was wired for surround sound.  There were a couple of oversized couches and several more oversized chairs stationed around the vicinity of the flat screen. Oversized was the theme run rampant here.  He deduced it was to accommodate the bevy of bulky men who lived and worked here.
The opposite side of the room housed a full mirrored bar and professional pool table, rounding out with an authentic fully functional 1950’s Wurlitzer Jukebox complete with rainbow colored bubble lights.  An elaborate door to the side of the bar exhibited a stylishly lit sign above it that read ‘Theater.’
They made their way in and settled onto one of the couches to join the soccer game already in progress.  Low-toned male grunted greetings were passed all around, including the obligatory “Brother” greeting, then Blaze got up to journey towards the bar.
“What can I get you to drink, Aaron?”
Looking around him, he noticed each had a beer in hand.  “A beer would be great, thanks.  Whatever you’ve got will be fine.”
“Hey, bro, grab me another while you’re at it,” Savage ordered while spread lazily lounging in his seat with one leg draped over the side dangling.
“Sure,” he replied.  “Anything else you require, Sire?” Blaze said mockingly with his eyebrow raised.
“A woman,” he replied.
“You don’t need no woman.  You’ve had so many blind dates, you should get a free dog.”
“Actually, it was Homer Simpson that said ‘A woman is like a beer,’” Vengeance spoke up.  He had his hands behind his neck and leaned back against the overstuffed chair he occupied.
“Okay, I’ll bite.  How so?” Savage asked.
“They look good, they taste good and you’d step over your own mother just to get one.”
Aaron enjoyed the teasing camaraderie they shared and laughed along with the group of friends.  Not knowing what to say or how to act, he sat back and simply observed, hoping to fade into the background.
“Hey, we heard that!”  Makayla said bursting into the room with several of the other females.  They crowded around the couches getting comfortable themselves.  “And since we’re quoting analogies about the sexes, you know what Mae West said…‘A hard man is good to find.’
“No, no, no.  My favorite is…the best way to get over one man is to get under another,” Raven offered.
“Works for me,” Savage threw in, his dark brown eyes hungrily devouring Makayla.
“Careful now, Savage.  Don’t let your brains go to your head,” Vengeance chortled with quiet challenge.
That shut him up and the ladies loved it, laughing it up the way only a rowdy group of ladies can.  They could dish it out and take it just like they were one of the guys.  The closeness and teasing cemented their bond like an anchor through a storm as they fought and faced death side by side on a regular basis.
“Sorry, ladies,” Blaze said, returning with an armload of bottles and began passing them around.  “We’re not watching Lifetime today.”  Soon there was the ‘fzt’ sound of beer being opened throughout the room.
“What?” Nadine said flipping her brunette mane over her shoulder.  “Do you think all we do is sit around romanticizing to Lifetime Movie Network?”
A puzzled Blaze simply shrugged and rubbed his massive hand back and forth on his smooth-shaven head.
She placed her arms akimbo and persisted.  “Really, we’d like nothing more than to sit around watching gorgeous international soccer players and fantasizing about what we’d like to do to them…and vice versa.  Not so different from you guys.”  She thought for a moment realizing what she’d inferred.  “With women, I mean,” she tried to recover.  “I certainly wasn’t insinuating that…”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Justice cut in.  “You have no interest in this game.  We all know you really want moonlight and roses.”
“Wrong.  We just want to put our hands all over their gorgeous bodies and ride them,” Makayla said in a somewhat husky tone with her eyes burrowing in on two particular men.  Savage and Vengeance smiled greedily back.
“Well, that brings us back to Mae West,” Raven laughed.
“Right.  Like that’s ever going to happen with famous international sports stars.”  Justice rolled his eyes.
“Well, that’s why it’s called fantasizing, dummy.  Unlike some people I know, we don’t have the ability to enthrall every good looking, young thing that we want,” Nadine said accusingly with a slight trill in her voice.  She knew she’d pushed the wrong button that time.
A chorus of oooos and ahhhs filled the room.
“Oh no, you don’t.  You didn’t just go there,” Slash sat up straight, finally joining in with something other than laughter.  He watched the silent exchange Mykayla was embedded in.
“Sorry, boys.  No offense.”  Nadine brought her palms together in front of her and bent at the waist in a mock bow.  “You know I love you all.”
“And we love you, too,” Justice roared as he jumped up from his seat, grabbed her, tucking her head under his arm and commenced to rubbing his knuckles gruffly on her crown, torturing her like a little sister.  She squealed until he released her.
“Well, I think I’ve had enough fun for the night,” Vengeance said rising and making his way to the door.  He looked back over his shoulder.  “You coming, Mac?”
“Not yet…” Makayla sing-songed lowly with a suggestive smirk as she followed him to the door.  “But my hopes are high.”
No one said a word when Savage quietly got up and crept out of the room in pursuit. 

*****

Chapter Thirteen



Hey, wait up, Mac.
Makayla touched Vengeance’s arm halting him and turned to acknowledge Savage as he jogged to catch up with her.  They hadn’t even heard him draw near.  He had the uncanny ability to be extra quiet and not make his presence known when he chose and could sneak up on anyone without them being aware.  Luckily, this time, he didn’t surprise the crap out of her, making her jump, like he sometimes did.  She supposed it had to do with his Lakota Indian nature or all that meditating and the rituals he did.  Either way, he was great for recon missions and the things he could do with a bow and arrow rivaled her own talents, and she’d been gifted the same weapon by Freya.
She noticed he was looking exceptionally attractive tonight.  He never liked to wear very many clothes so she knew he was commando in those jeans that snuggly fit his well-toned and tanned ass and rode low on his sculpted hips.  Above the waist, he filled out a shirtless black leather vest perfectly with his beautifully sleek and athletically muscled body.  She admired his dark olive complexion and the deep V at his neck that emphasized the intricately displayed tribal tattoos on his chest.  They matched the sexy spherical ones that wrapped his biceps, giving him an almost Inca vibe.  Vex had teased her that Savage was her Steve Perry look-a-like.  With the same tanned skin and his long silky black hair that hung straight down to the middle of his back, she supposed he could be right.  And that may be what first attracted her, but it wasn’t the only reason she cared for Savage.  Sure she loved him, but she wasn’t in love with him.  They’d been lovers now for a couple of years, even before she hooked up with Vengeance.
Luckily, Venge wasn’t the jealous or selfish type.  Both she and Venge had been around for over a thousand years.  They knew the score well and simply enjoyed each other’s company.  What they shared was comforting and satisfying, yet exciting.  And it would last until it was over.  No regrets.  He wasn’t the bonded mate type and neither was she – anymore.  She’d had her true love and lost him many years ago.  It had nearly killed her and she swore never to allow herself to be that vulnerable again, never to open herself or give that much of herself ever again.  Her sister just didn’t understand, having never sustained such loss.  Hopefully, she and Joseph would never have to endure such pain.
Both men were phenomenal lovers and she refused to choose between them, which didn’t seem to be a problem for them, either.  If she weren’t immortal, she wouldn’t be able to handle both their blood and physic sexual needs.  But it was a fair trade-off for being held and caressed occasionally.
By the scowl on his face, Vengeance didn’t like being interrupted by Savage.  She’d noticed the low-lying competition between them during the soccer game and wasn’t in any mood to break up a skirmish now.  Not that she actually could.
“What’s up, gorgeous?” she asked.
“I thought maybe you’d like to hang with me for a while tonight.”
Uh oh.  She heard the low rumbling of a growl vibrating Vengeance’s chest.  The simmering challenge continued.  The tension surrounding them was palpable and was escalating like a tea kettle on the verge of whistling.  Loud.
“Well, as you can see, I’ve already left with Venge.”  Diffuse, diffuse, diffuse.  She touched Savage’s arm briefly in apology.
Vengeance didn’t like seeing her so puppy-dog-eyed.  He blew out a huge heavy lungful of air, stuck his hands in his jean pockets and directed his attention to Savage.  “I don’t mind sharing if you don’t.”
Makayla’s head snapped way up to meet his six and a half foot frame, her face a mask of confusion and shock.  “Did I just hear you right?”
“Yea, you did.  You’re sleeping with both of us anyway.  So, what’s the big deal?”
She lowered her gaze and bit the inside of her bottom lip, pondering.  “Well…yea…but not together.”
“Look, I wouldn’t have suggested it, but knowing you the way I do…I think you’ll like it…a lot.”  He stepped back a little to search her face and folded his bulging arms across the span of his magnificent chest.  “Well, what do you say?”
Savage hadn’t said a word, which wasn’t unusual for his normally quiet demeanor, except this involved his participation and no one had consulted him.  There were no tale-tale signs on his face.  I bet he’s great at poker, she thought.
“Aren’t you going to ask Savage how he feels about it?” she inquired, avoiding answering his question.  Obviously, Vengeance had no qualms about it.  The sparkle in his eyes reflected the glee of a six-year-old boy who couldn’t wait to share his favorite toy.
“Nah, he’s a red-blooded male.  There’s your answer right there.”
Savage said nothing, just smiled and raised his eyebrows comically.  But his gums tingled imagining the possibilities.
“Well, hell,” she said unsuccessfully trying to convey a small portion of defeatism.  “Let’s go then.  But we’re going to your place, cuz I’m not cleaning up afterward.”  Oh, Goddess.  Can I do this?  I guess we’ll find out very shortly.
“Well, alright then.”  Before she could stop him, Vengeance bent down and scooped her up, tossing her over his shoulder head down and whacked her on the butt.  She squealed, which pissed her off somewhat because she hated to squeal.  She was definitely not a squealer.  Intending to thwart any further embarrassment, she silenced herself and tamped down on her irritation, taking in her situation to counter his attack.  Just have to wait for the right moment.  She closed her eyes and took a deep, cleansing breath, reaching for a tranquil state of mind, so she could plot her good-humored revenge, then opened them and had a sudden change of heart.
A slow, sultry smile formed, though none could see it with her face practically buried in Vengeance’s backside.  There, right before her eyes was a familiar, but worthy specimen, a true work of art – his ass.  Maybe it wasn’t all so bad after all.  Guess I’ll forgive him – this time.
Savage followed close on Vengeance’s heels, anticipation growing at the view of his lover in a state of helplessness before him.  He was extremely grateful to Vengeance for the invite and looked forward to sharing some true wickedness between them.  It had been a while since he’d delved into a threesome and never before with Makayla.  This was new to her, but they’d make it good.  The excitement of what was to come had put a twinkle in his eye, a little bounce in his step and an impressive erection in his jeans.
Vengeance opened the door of his home which screamed bachelor like a complete battalion of men had virtually thrown up their male essences throughout the entire floor plan.  Instead of sports memorabilia, every corner showcased Viking relics that reminded him of home and the good old days of battles long past.  He loved to escape and visit the Viking Ship Museum in Oslo, Norway, whenever possible, dreaming of standing on the bow of his former ancient ship near the huge ornately carved dragon’s head that protruded from it with the winds of the European Coast whipping through his long blond hair and the massive billowing sails.  Then, he was a mighty warrior known as Erik to his people and he ruled the seas commanding his dragon ship, a symbol of great strength and power to drive his enemies away.
Continuing down the hallway, they entered the master suite that boasted an equally impressive king sized platform bed, the headboard ornamented with expertly crafted battling dragons.  Makayla’s fireman carry came to an abrupt end as she was unceremoniously flung down to the center of the bed.  Managing to withhold the squeal this time around, she abruptly found herself being overpowered once again by two very impressive hot male bodies.  Two very impressive hot naked male bodies, as evidenced by the hardness she felt prodding against her lower half.
“Not fair, you two.  Speed stripping, huh?  I was so looking forward to watching you take it all off for me…slowly.”  Her attempt at disappointment fell short.  And yes, unlike Savage, her poker face sucked.  She wasn’t very adept at hiding her true feelings, lying, or any of that devious, sneaky and sometimes devilishly fun stuff.
“I guess we’ll have to make up for it,” Savage rumbled lowly.
“Yes, you won’t be disappointed,” Vengeance promised teasingly, his lips brushing against her neck and shoulders.
She couldn’t help but admire them on either side of her, their beauty and coloring in such contrast.  Savage, with his long silky black hair flowing around his olive, tanned muscular torso.  His beautiful sleek lithe body bearing his tribal tattoos on his chest and biceps and his dark chocolate eyes alight with lust and need.  Vengeance, with his equally long blond hair tied with a thong at his nape, sexy sleepy crystal blue/gray eyes, fairer skinned broad shoulders and rippling abs.  He smiled down at her with his trademark smile – beautiful and sinfully suggestive, showing a hint of fang.  She delighted in the desire displayed on both their faces as she realized it was all for her and her alone.
Makayla reached up to dislodge the thong holding Vengeance’s hair and met his kissable lips in a hungry embrace.  His kiss was contradictive, soft and sweet, yet demanding at the same time.  She relished in the feel of the whiskers of his barely-there beard and mustache abrading her sensitive skin.  Using her clever little tongue, she explored his mouth hungrily, sliding along the tips of his partially extended fangs, causing him to moan into her mouth.  She pushed back slightly on his chest withdrawing for a moment.
“Don’t either one of you laugh or I swear this will be over before it starts,” she said with a heated warning burning in her eyes, “but I’m not sure what to do.”  Hoping to save herself a bit of embarrassment, she continued, “I mean I know what to do, but not exactly where to start.”  Her eyebrows furrowed, her face showing a look of pleading and uncertainty.  “Know what I mean?”
“Min Älskare,” Vengeance began, his arousal thickening his accent.  “You need not worry about a thing.  Savage and I will let you know when you’re participation is required.  Otherwise, just lay back and enjoy.  I promise you won’t regret it.”  He stroked the fingertips of one hand lightly down her cheek to her throat and onward between the valley of her breasts as he spoke softly, lulling her to relax with his touch and soothing voice.  She loved when he called her his lover.  Just the way it rolled off his tongue.  Like any other girl, she was a sucker for hot guys speaking foreign languages.
She looked to Savage, searching his face for confirmation.  The man of few words simply growled deeply in his chest, the flash of fire growing more intensely in his eyes, his nostrils flaring as he detected her heightened scent.  She found it amazing that a man of so few words could speak volumes with his eyes and expressions.  Feeling no further verbal response necessary, Savage covered her lips with his, consuming her with his teeth and tongue in a kiss that affirmed his descriptive name – savage.  He was no easy lover and she’d have him no other way.
After they quickly divested her of her clothing, Vengeance moved to sit with his back against the headboard in a sea of feather-filled pillows, sliding behind Makayla, nestling her against his chest and extending his long muscular legs to either side of hers.  “Raise your arms up around my neck and don’t let go.”  He grasped her hair in his hand and tilted her head back, capturing her lips in open-mouthed kisses, sucking on her tongue and nibbling her swollen lips between his teeth.  His other hand skimmed down her neck, over her shoulder, moving downward to cup and squeeze her full breasts succinctly, his thumbs strumming the tips to hardened peaks.
She arched into his touch pressing her breasts firmly in his strong hands.  He captured her moan, smothering it with his mouth as he kissed her.  His tongue met hers, stroking deeper and deeper, taking her breath away.  She could feel his body harden against her, his cock twitching against her back.
Savage slowly kissed his way down her trembling body, settling himself between her legs, nudging them wider apart, but meeting with some resistance.  He looked up the length of her body searching her eyes.
She battled the onslaught of sensations caused by multiple hands, tongues, teeth and mouths showering attention to several areas of her body at once.  Bites, licks, sucking, firm squeezes and soft caresses assailed her senses with no reprieve in sight.  Her responses both confused and excited her, raising her passion to heights she’d never before experienced.  It was all so overwhelming, she struggled to maintain control of herself or she feared she might be completely lost.
Vengeance skimmed a hand down her belly and below, combing his fingers through the soft curls covering her mound.  “It’s okay, Min Älskare.  Open your legs for us.  Just let go…and feel,” he whispered lowly in her ear, nipping at her earlobe.  “You’re safe.  We’ll take good care of you.”  His husky, sensual voice alone could bring her almost to the brink of climax and she felt the warm wetness between her legs begin to trickle down her inner thigh.
Hugging her closer, he continued his sensual caresses on her upper body, while Savage moved lower to run slow-moving hands up her calves, the backs of her knees, her thighs and underneath to the curve of her bottom.  She let the tension and inhibitions drain from her body, released her apprehension and relaxed into their wonderful ministrations, which was steadily replaced by her growing arousal and need.  Her thighs parted and she arched her pelvis slightly, offering it up to him.
Savage dipped his tongue into the folds of her sex, running it from bottom to top, giving her clit a teasing lap.  “Ah, Makayla, you’re so wet already and you taste so sweet.”  He began to slowly, thoroughly feast on her core, flicking, licking and nibbling her tender flesh.  She moaned and writhed beneath his tormenting mouth as he brought her closer and closer to glorious release.  He felt her body tighten and quiver as it prepared to plunge over the edge and he suddenly stopped and pulled away.  “Not so fast.”
“Please, don’t stop,” she begged.
“Not stopping, sweet.  Just prolonging.  The longer I make you wait, the better it will be.  I promise.”
“Noooo,” she whined.  “I need to come.”
“Patience,” Vengeance commanded gently as he pinched her nipple.  He bit the sensitive spot between her shoulder and neck, laving over the slight sting it caused.  Working his way upward, he blew a heated breath along her throat that sent delicious shivers throughout her body, then bit again on the delicate spot right behind her ear.
Savage began to build her passion once more, slowly thrusting two fingers in and out of her dripping pussy, curling them inside to graze along her sensitive G-spot.  He began to spread her cream back towards her anal star, massaging and prodding her tight little hole.  He withdrew his fingers, replacing them with his thumb inside her core, then inserted the two fingers into her now slick dark passage.  She accepted the delicious invasion, clamping around his thick digits as he pumped within her, her desire steadily rising.  He lowered his mouth, swirling his tongue on and around her swollen clit.
As Makayla reached her pinnacle, Savage caught her nub between his lips and sucked hard sending her over the edge.  Her back arched and she let out a strangled scream as light exploded behind her eyes and her entire body convulsed with spasms.
Vengeance hissed with pleasure as her nails dug and scraped along his neck and shoulders.  Before her pleasure ebbed completely, the vampires prolonged her ecstasy causing more spasms to race through her by feeding.  Vengeance bared his fangs and sank into her slender throat; Savage turned his head and latched onto her trembling inner thigh, while both fed from the intense sexual charge she generated.  Deep guttural moans and groans filled the room.
Vengeance retracted his teeth from her throat, licking the puncture wounds to seal them.  He lowered Makayla’s arms from his neck and raised her into his lap, rearranging his legs to bend at the knee underneath him.  With her back still resting against his chest, he grasped his cock and instructed, “Slide down on me, Makayla.”
With his assistance, she spread her knees on either side of his and lowered herself onto his thick length.  She gasped in pure pleasure as he filled her completely.  He raised her arms around his neck once more.  “Hang on, baby.”  Gripping her hips he forced her down snuggly on his shaft and he began thrusting into her wet, slippery center as she raised and lowered her body, meeting his thrusts.  She clung to his neck, turning and tilting her head upward, searching for his lips.  They met in a fiery kiss as their lips were sliding and sucking, tongues whirling and mating.
Savage moved closer, taking one of Makayla’s lush breasts into his mouth, nipping and suckling, while his hand squeezed and pinched the other to a hard peak, spiking her desire even higher.  With her pussy stretched tight around Vengeance’s cock, Savage dipped his other hand down sliding his palm along her belly until his fingers came to the top of her folds and circled her distended clit.
“More.  Fuck me deeper, harder, Venge.”
“It would be my pleasure, babe.”
As Savage backed away slightly, Vengeance brought her arms down and bent her forward on her hands and knees sustaining his connection deep within her.  Digging his fingers into her hips for purchase, he gradually withdrew all but the head of his thick staff, then forcefully slammed back into her channel causing Makayla to throw her head back and cry out.
“Oh, yes.  Goddess, that feels so good.”  She could feel him all the way to her womb, his magnificent rod stretching her with painful pleasure and rubbing all the right places.
“Better, my lover?”
“Yes, yes.  Do it again.  Don’t stop.”
With measured control, he repeated withdrawing slowly and ramming hard back into her to the hilt as her body rocked with his forceful thrusts.  She cried out with each masterful thrust.  Though he was pleased that he could bring Mykayla such pleasure, he feared continuing would hurt her and he relented to a steadier, milder pace.  Her cries became whimpers and she mewled as she ground back into him, meeting his thrusts.
Savage reached out, cupping her chin in both hands and raised her head.  He smiled wickedly at her and placed his smooth, satiny head against her mouth, coating her lips with its fluid.  “Open.”
Makayla looked up through lust filled eyes and observed the long, thickly veined shaft before her with its swollen plum tinted crown, jutting out from a nest of crisp, black curls.  His cock was an object of beauty and no matter how many times she took it into her mouth, she never could get enough.  She knew exactly what he wanted and how he wanted it from previous experience.  Although she wasn’t into intense pain, she loved when he commanded and controlled her the way he did.  His forcefulness was an extreme turn on for them both.
Opening her mouth, she licked the pre-cum from his slit and continued running her tongue longingly around the head.  Then she greedily closed her lips around him, sliding him deeper into her wet cavern, over her tongue until she’d engulfed his entire length.  As he bumped the back of her throat, she swallowed causing him to groan.  He lightly grabbed onto the sides of her head and began guiding the movements in and out of her mouth.  Acquiescing, she gave over control to him, allowing him to fill her mouth as he pleased while Vengeance filled her from behind.
An electric current surged through her body, a burning need demanding to be filled.  Surrendering herself over to her lovers, putting her needs completely in their capable hands, gave her a sense of relief and a conscious freedom she’d never experienced before.  In her mind, she floated in a haze and felt only pleasure.
Vengeance felt it when Makayla wholly let go.  Smiling, he silently recommitted himself to fulfilling all of her needs and making this encounter unforgettable for her.  Although it wasn’t love exactly, at least not the kind of true love that bondmates shared, what he felt for Makayla went far beyond the normal compassion he usually felt for his lovers.  She was definitely special, but also reserved, which he understood from her past loss.  She’d built walls around her heart and he realized a long time ago he’d never be able to penetrate them.  So, he resigned himself to share with her whatever she was willing to share.  He gave her sexual satisfaction in exchange for the feedings he required.  And that was enough, for both of them.  At least for now.  He had no idea what was actually between Savage and herself but knew it wasn’t any more serious than what they shared between themselves.  In fact, he doubted very much that Savage felt as deeply for her as he himself did, as Savage was even more emotionally reserved than Makayla.  The relationship they shared didn’t bother him in the slightest, it was just sex, and since this was the first time they’d actually shared Makayla, he wasn’t sure where it would go from here.  That would entirely be up to her.
Makayla looked up meeting Savage’s chocolate brown eyes as he continued to glide over her tongue and thrust to the back of her throat.  She watched his face while she sucked him, never lowering her gaze, while at the same time, meeting Vengeance’s hard steel plowing her from behind, his strokes slow and controlled.
As if on cue, Vengeance and Savage both picked up the pace, their breathing became more ragged.  Obviously, someone in the room was communicating mentally and left her out of the loop, but she wasn’t complaining.  She was about to come apart herself and hoped she could hold out long enough.
But Vengeance knew her too well and reached around beneath her, circled the tips of his fingers over her distended clit, bringing her higher toward climax.  With a low authoritative tone, he commanded her, “Come for us, Makayla.  Do it now.”
As if her body had no mind of its own, Vengeance’s demand took complete control of her, like a puppet on a string.  Her release caused a chain reaction as she screamed against Savage’s thickness.  He broke eye contact with her, threw his head back and let out a deep masculine groan, filling her mouth in hot spurts of musky saltiness that she swallowed again and again.  Vengeance followed with his own grunts and groans of satisfaction and collapsed over her back, supporting himself enough that he didn’t crush her with his massive size.  Savage joined them prone on the bed, the sounds of their heavy breathing echoing off the walls.
Vengeance stood up from the bed, picked Makayla up and rearranged her comfortably in the middle with her head resting on heavenly soft pillows.  He tenderly brushed her hair back from her face and placed a kiss on her forehead.  “Rest,” he said as her eyelids floated downward.
She awoke responding to Savage’s scorching kisses, his large callused hand sinfully massaging her breast, stimulating her nipple between his finger and thumb.  He moved his hand down to cup her bottom and rolled them both to lie on their sides continuing his wondrous attention up and down the roundness of her hips, to the dip of her waist and up again to her full breasts made sensitive by his fiery touches.  She felt his long thick hardness twitch against her belly.  He reached down, guided her thigh over his hip and nudged between her folds, shoving upwards to enter her already moist core.  As he moved slowly in and out of her, she moaned with pleasure.
A hard male body eased up against her back.  She knew that body intimately.  Vengeance.  He nuzzled her neck and nibbled her ear while stroking her hips.  She felt his cock nestled between her buttocks and begin to rub between her cheeks.  A slick finger then circled her anus, massaging, teasing, prodding, until it slipped past the tight muscles entering her.  She enjoyed the anal play and pushed back to meet the invasion as the digit moved in and out inviting the delicious pleasure pain.  Vengeance added a second finger, stretching and preparing her muscles to accept him.
Makayla felt the burn and pressure increase.  She was not an anal virgin, but she’d never taken two cocks inside her at once before and wasn’t quite sure she could do it.  The doubt caused her to tense up slightly.
Savage stilled within her and Vengeance replaced his fingers with his hard staff and pushed against her tight ring.  “Let me in, Min Älskare.  Relax and let me in.”
Trusting his soothing yet commanding voice, she breathed out and let her body slacken.  He entered her slowly allowing her muscles to adjust to his thickness.  Makayla whimpered but allowed his complete penetration, panting heavily.  Both men groaned loud and long.
“Ah, fuck…So tight.”
“Not going to last long…too good.”
Then her lovers began to move in tandem, each slowly moving in and out.  She was lost between the pushing and pulling, the utter sensation of fullness and burning friction that caused her entire body to throb and brought her arousal to new heights, igniting nerves endings she never knew she had.  They murmured continued words of praise encouraging her on as their rocking motions increased.
Savage recaptured her lips and Vengeance bit into the soft spot between her neck and shoulder sending her over the edge and unleashing a huge explosion within her.  She barely heard herself scream as her body shook with a release the likes she’d never known, light exploding behind her eyes until everything went momentarily dark.
Suddenly Makayla was lying loosely atop Vengeance.  She opened her eyes to soft kisses covering her face and soothing strokes and kisses down her back.  “Oh, Goddess.  I think the entire village heard me scream.”  She was exhausted and sweat covered with her hair molded in a hot mess to her face and neck, but she was sated beyond belief.  She wanted nothing more than a cool refreshing shower as soon after she got some feeling back into her limp, boneless body.
“I knew you’d like it.”  Vengeance wore a confident, self-satisfied grin.  If he could have moved his arms, he would have slapped himself on the back, but Makayla’s dead weight was occupying them, at the moment and he didn’t want to disturb her.  They were all tangled together with Savage inhabiting the space opposite her and he was also pinned down.  His arms were numbing with tingling sensations and he just couldn’t be sure who was on what.
With considerable effort, Makayla lifted her arms from her sides and placed one each on her lovers’ chests.  “I believe that’s an understatement.”
Vengeance raised his head enough to see her turned face.  Her eyes were closed with her lush lashes spread out against her cheeks beneath them and her kissed, passion-swollen lips were upturned in a dreamy satisfied smile.  Savage shared a similar smile on his face but said nothing.
When their breathing once again neared normal, but they still hadn’t moved, Makayla’s mind roved to similar activities.  “Although I think we just took the prize for the best sex ever…did you guys hear the sounds that were coming out the showers yesterday?  Goddess, I was so turned on.”
Finally, Savage spoke.  “Yes, we were in the gym.  Couldn’t miss it if we tried.”
“I know Danielle thinks this is temporary, how much you want to bet they stay together for a while?  Even after this little mystery is solved.”
“Seriously?  I can’t see her making that kind of mistake.  No need to get attached when nothing can become of it,” Vengeance opined.  “She’d only be hurting herself.”
“No, she’d be hurting him, too,” Savage said.  “It’s not worth it.  Best to let it go and move on.  Thunder would never encourage such a coupling.”
“If she wants a relationship, she should stick to her own kind.  She’s a worthy female and there are plenty warriors who would consider at least a monogamous relationship with her,” Vengeance offered.
“Wow, I never thought you guys had such deep thoughts.  Especially about relationships,” Makayla mused.  “I’m impressed and I see where you’re coming from.  But from what I’ve seen and heard, I think she might give it a shot, for a little while anyway.”
“Okay, so what’s this bet you mentioned?” 
“Let’s see…If I’m right, I get a favor of my choosing from each of you in the future.”  She looked at both of them and they seemed to be onboard so far.  Why she didn’t know.  She’d never agree to such terms.  Maybe they didn’t think she was devious enough to come up with something they would really regret.  Normally, she wasn’t.  But this was a challenge she was going to give some thought to.
“Well, that’s very vague,” he commented thoughtfully.  “And if we win…” Vengeance paused looking at Savage, obviously linking with him.  Savage grinned devilishly and nodded.  
Her eyes shifted nervously between their devious visages, afraid of what she might have just gotten herself into, but determined not to show it.  No matter what they tried, she wouldn’t show it bothered her.  Yea, act like it’s no big deal.
“If we win, we get to do this all over again.”
Relief washed over her quickly, like a balloon deflated by a puncture wound the size of a roman candle.  Instantaneous.  “You’ve got yourselves a deal, fellas,” she giggled excitedly.  “I can’t lose!”
Savage took that opportunity to quickly roll her over and sink his teeth into her backside.
“Ow!  What did you do that for?”  She reached back and rubbed her sore butt cheek.
Savage just raised his eyebrows and smiled wickedly, showing off his red tinged fangs.
“You give new meaning to ‘tap that ass’.  You know that?”  Vengeance laughed.  “Here, let me join you.”

*****

Val, I’m back.
Oh, Joseph.  Wonderful.  Glad you’re safe.  Was the mission successful?
Our intel was correct.  Tormond’s increasing his army.  There’s something big on the horizon.
That’s what I was afraid of, my love.
Don’t worry, we’ll be fine and I’ll protect you with my life.  You know that.
I know.  As would I.
Something else is bothering you.  I can feel it.
I’m so worried about Mac.  She just seems so lost.   I believe this chain binding issue has opened up fresh wounds.  I wish she’d find someone to heal her and open her heart again.  She actually told me today to remember that ‘love’ spelled backward is ‘evol.’
Patience, Valeria.  It will come in time.  When her heart is once again ready.
Yes, I suppose you’re right about Makayla.  I have a report to give to Thunder, myself.  Can’t wait to see you, too.
Valeria promised Danielle she would join them for the examinations Annika and Emeline were giving her and Aaron.  The healer and wand wielder worked well together and the exams were already in progress when she arrived.  The scene before her would have seemed odd to an outsider or anyone in the current medical field.  It was a typical hospital-styled examination room filled with the norm – needles, vials of blood samples, exam table and a plethora of rubber gloves.  Then there was the not so norm – homeopathic salves, potions, dried herbs, scented candles, and magic so thick in the air you could almost inhale it.  Annika was entranced, murmuring in a low monotonic intonation while Emeline was slowly, but methodically, passing her hands a half inch above an almost completely nude Aaron.
Aaron felt strange sensations flowing throughout his body, including a calmness that didn’t feel quite natural.  He suspected it was someone’s gift or power or whatever they called them that was the cause.  He didn’t think, that under normal circumstances, he’d be able to lie here, practically naked, with an attractive female’s hands all over him and not show it physically.  He’d had massages before under similar circumstances and always had to hide the effects the intimacy had on his manhood.  These type of situations just caused a normal healthy male to respond.  Maybe they had something to do with that also.  Nice trick.  Wonder if it works both ways?  Wonder if Danielle can make me feel passionate.
Keeping her suspicions to herself, Annika let her magical powers flow over and through Aaron, determining whether he’d been sent by Tormond as a spy or trap of some kind to catch the warriors off guard.  It would be a perfect set up.  To her relief, she discovered he was not a threat and they were safe.  He was just an ordinary mortal.  Her examination did reveal that the chain had bonded to Aaron purposely.  Aaron held a strong, but unknowing, power over the chain as if it was a natural part of him.  This discovery would have to be investigated further.  She planned to speak with Zahara and Emeline before disclosing this information to anyone else.  Perhaps including more pieces of the puzzle would make more sense at that time.
“Hi.  Sorry, I’m a little late,” Valeria whispered to Danielle.  “Anything yet?”
“Nothing unusual about me, but they’ve just begun with Aaron.”
They observed the proceedings for a while in silence.  Danielle watched as Emeline moved her fingers gracefully flowing over Aaron’s body.  That strange pain was building in her chest again.  Instinctively her hand went to her chest to relieve the ache.  She’d forgotten to mention it earlier, but Emeline peered suspiciously over her shoulder at her, her face reflecting perplexity.  She said nothing and turned back to continue the examination in progress.
Valeria also noticed her rubbing her chest with the heel of her hand.  “Are you okay?”  She motioned with her eyes to Danielle’s hand.
Keeping her voice equally low she answered, “I’m not sure.  I’ve been getting this tightness sometimes.”
“Well, you’re certainly in the right place to have it checked out.”
“Yes,” she agreed.  “When they’re finished with him, I’ll let them know.”
Along with tissue, hair and blood samples, the sisters had swabbed the binding chain for any residue it might contain and planned to compare and analyze all the samples further.
“Okay, I think we’re done here.  Aaron, you can get dressed,” Emeline said.  Then she addressed Danielle.  “You want to tell me how long you’ve been getting those chest pains?”  She observed her kindly, but suspiciously.
“Just a couple of days.  I meant to ask you about them.  I know we’re not supposed to get sick, so I thought it’s possible I just pulled a muscle or something.  It’s not bad.  Really.  It just gets tight at times.”
“Hmmm.  Could be stress, I suppose.  Although, that’s not really common around here,” she said with a sarcastic gleam in her eyes.  “I didn’t notice any physical injuries when I examined you, so it’s not a pulled muscle.  If I had, I could have healed it very easily.”
“I’ll keep an eye on it and let you know if it continues,” Danielle offered.  She wasn’t too concerned.  It wasn’t really painful.  More annoying than anything.  “Can you tell us what you’ve learned through the exams so far?”
Annika looked at Emeline for a moment.  After their shared thoughts, she said, “I think we need to confer and do a little more analysis before we give you a report on our findings.  Just to be sure.  We wouldn’t feel comfortable speculating right now.  We just don’t have enough information yet.  Please know that there’s nothing physically wrong with either of you.  Aaron, you’re as healthy as a horse.  I believe that’s one of your mortal idioms.”
Still feeling the tingling effects of the full body inspection, Aaron thanked Annika and Emeline and finished redressing.
“Danielle, I want you to let me know if the pain happens again.  Be mindful of your surroundings and what is taking place at the time.  This information could be useful in finding the cause or trigger.  Now, if you will excuse us, we’ll get to work on the samples we’ve gathered.  Maybe we’ll have an answer and solution for you very soon.”  Emeline escorted them to the door with promises to share what they discovered.
 The late afternoon sun was bright and the forest fragrances greet them as they exited the compound.
“I need to take off.  I’ve got lots of things to attend to before the day’s end,” Valeria explained.
“Of course.  I’ll see you later.”  Danielle conveyed her unspoken thanks to Valeria for her friendship and support.  Valeria knew how nervous Danielle was about the examinations and the situation at large.
As Valeria took her leave, Aaron looked out to the forest line surrounding the village.  The atmosphere was blanketed with undefined tension and he kept his gaze averted.  “I think I’ll take a walk in the woods…to clear my head.  If you don’t mind.”
He wanted to be alone.  She got that.  She had some more thinking of her own to do.  
“No, of course not.”
As Aaron stuffed his hands in his front pockets and turned to leave, Danielle called out to him.  “Be careful and don’t go too far, please.  You won’t be able to find your way back due to the wards.”
Stopping to look back he responded, “Don’t worry.  I’ll be fine.”  After a few additional steps, he turned once again, noticing she still watched him.  “Danielle.”
“Yes?”  He met questioning eyes.
Wanting to say something but uncertain as to what, he sighed and simply said, “I’ll see you soon.”
Nodding, she turned away.  Her steps lacked the assured confident structure usually held within her frame.  Uncertainty and confusion reigned supreme.

*****

The tire swing hanging from the old tree drifted lazily back and forth with the soft fragrant breeze blowing through the yard.  The sun was setting low in the sky and Danielle was beginning to worry as she smoothly rocked back and forth, the action belying the turmoil building within her.  What would normally be a relaxing and recharging time wasn’t, because Aaron had yet to return from his walk in the woods.  Wondering if he’s gotten lost, she decided to search for him.  There were no trails in the Bridge Creek Wilderness and the terrain of the forest was full of steep slopes, not to mention black bears and cougars.  That pain in her chest was back once again.  Pulling herself from the swing, she set out for the surrounding tree line to search for Aaron.  Vex caught her attention as she entered the edge of the wooded area.
“Hey, Danielle.  Can we talk for a minute?”  Vex approached swiping his hand across the crown of his shoulder length, caramel colored hair a couple of times.  He appeared agitated and uncertain.
Danielle halted.  “Sure.  What’s up?”  She looked at him, but he wouldn’t meet her eyes.  He mumbled something unintelligible under his breath.
“I’m sorry.  What was that?”
“I said, I saw you with him,” he repeated slightly louder with his head still tilted downward.
“Saw me with who, Vex?”  She was curious now.  His manner was off, just not quite right.  He could be shy at times, but never this timid.
“With the mortal,” he said.
He wasn’t very forthcoming and she didn’t have time for twenty questions just now.  So, she gave him a quizzical look and motioned for him to continue.  She knew she seemed impatient, but tried not to reflect too much rudeness in her actions.
“In the shower,” he finished.
Now, that brought some fine memories to mind and put a mischievous grin on her face.  Trying to lighten the mood, she jested, “Oh, so you’re a voyeur, huh?”
“No, not at all.”
He didn’t seem shy or embarrassed about that subject.  That he was adamant about.  But something was not quite right in the Kingdom of Vex.  She let him continue without interruption.
“Look, this isn’t easy,” he persisted, finally looking her in the eye.  “But we all heard you and I’m sorry.  I just couldn’t help myself.”  Vex looked more pissed than sorry to her, although there was that, too.  And strangely, there was a hint of concern in the mix that shown on his face.
Vex was a constant in her and her sisters’ lives.  Always caring and reliable, like an unobtrusive brother forever watching over them silently but never interfering unless needed.  They all valued him highly.
“And?  Is there a problem?” she added, still not sure where this was going.  Even more puzzled now.  She certainly wasn’t embarrassed that everyone knew of her little tryst with Aaron in the shower.
Vex felt like his mouth was filled with thick sludge that rested at the bottom of a muddy river and he had to literally force the words from his lips.  “You can’t fall in love with him.  You can’t.”
His pleading voice confused her even more.  All sincerity showed in his face, his eyes.
What is he talking about?  “Well,” she said gathering her thoughts that were now running a marathon through her brain at lightning speed.  “I never planned to do that.”  She wondered just what he saw, what he perceived.  What did she and Aaron actually look like?
“That’s the problem.  You won’t plan to, but it can happen.  Trust me.”  He reached out and gently touched her arm.  “You know I care for you.  I’m just trying to save you from the pain.”
Regret had taken the forefront in his aqua colored eyes.  Danielle thought she could almost see down into his soul and it was marred with deep hurt and sadness.  She had the urge to comfort him and make all the pain she saw there go away.  And she suddenly felt very ashamed.  Had they all gotten so used to Vex’s underlying despondency?  Yes, he refused to share his problems or accept help from them, but they shouldn’t have just given up on him.
“Vex, are you okay?  What happened to you?”  They both knew she was referring to his unshared past.
His entire countenance visually changed as he let go of her arm, straightened his stance, pushed his shoulders back and lifted his head, plastering a hard mask on his face.  “Nothing.  Forget about it.  Sorry to bother you.”  Uh oh.  Guess I hit a nerve.  He turned on his heel and started to move away.
“Vex,” Danielle called out lightly, this time resting a hand on his arm to halt him.  She couldn’t let him go like this.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to pry, but what you’re saying isn’t really making any sense.  Help me to understand.  Please.”
Vex stopped but didn’t turn back around, just stood there staring at nothing in front of him, remembering.  “Your face.  It was written on your face when you were in his arms.  Don’t fall, Danielle.  It can’t be.  They won’t allow it.  Don’t fall.”  He took two steps forward and traced away.
My face?  Oh Goddess, he seemed so haunted.  I’m not falling in love with Aaron.  It’s forbidden.  I’m not falling in love with Aaron.
Danielle wasn’t sure how long she stood there rooted to that same spot when she heard someone frantically yelling her name and knew he was in trouble.  Aaron.

*****

Chapter Fourteen



The light was beginning to fade from the sky.  It’s brilliant hues melding together to glow in golden red as it made its descent into the horizon below.  Surrounded by the heavy coverage of towering pines, he hadn’t paid much attention to the dimming daylight as bursts of bright sunlight patched through periodically but weren’t as brilliant now.  He’d been too deep in thought to notice.
Countless thoughts.  Countless complications.  Countless contemplations.  So numerous were the discoveries his brain was on overload threatening to spiral out of control.  He felt like he was sitting behind the wheel of a speeding car on the verge of spinning out, facing imminent doom with no hope of gaining control.  There was insufficient logic in this new world of discoveries.  His brain was scientifically wired and trained to ferret out fact from fiction and logic played no part in this newly revealed fantastical world.
He’d remembered his first impression of his beautiful ‘would be’ criminal instigating and failing miserably at breaking and entering.  Well, okay.  She got in but got caught.  She was tall, attractive, cocky with a smart, but a kissable mouth, all tough in her form-fitting black leather, and mysterious.  She intrigued him and solving mysteries were right up his alley.  He didn’t find the warrior trait a turn-off either.  He wasn’t intimidated.  He liked that she was physically strong.  Of course, that wasn’t going to keep him from protecting her, if need be.  He was a man, after all, and not a weakling himself.  He may be a geek, but he was a strong, capable geek.  All brains, no brawn, did not describe Aaron.  Danielle was stubborn, though, and he knew she’d never accept his help willingly.  He was sure it would probably piss her off.
Most importantly, she was immortal and that’s where it all ended.  He’d grow old.  She wouldn’t.  He didn’t know if she could give it all up if that was even an option, but he wouldn’t expect her to.  Hell, he wouldn’t let her do it.  Not for him.  Besides, he could never measure up.  He wasn’t a warrior and sure wasn’t going to die just to become one, even if that were possible.
No, they didn’t fit in each other’s worlds at all.  They’d get this chain off from around his neck and he’d go home and try to solve this dilemma with Tormond.  That was best and the way it should be.  For now, he’d just have to reign in his feelings.  Not overthink it or make it into something it wasn’t or something it could never be.  He sure hoped he was right.  He had to be.  It would solve everything and make everyone happy – mostly.  They’d all go on with their lives, picking up where they left off.  So, why didn’t he feel good about that?
Aaron was torn from his thoughts when he noticed movement up ahead through the dense thickness of the trees.  Among the copse stood a woman with blue/black hair swirling in the breeze behind her.  He recognized her as Raven, one of the female warriors.  She was walking slowly toward a sizeable tan cougar that had leaped onto a large rock surface protruding from the ground.  It was a majestic animal with a strong muscular form, the muscles rippling under its sleek coat.  Aaron halted his step and his breathing as he hid behind the nearest thick tree trunk, peering around to watch the cougar’s progress.  He was close enough to see its magnificent steel blue eyes, the black and white whiskers extending from its pale fur covered snout and the pink fleshy portion that topped it.
Raven showed no fear or threat toward the cougar, simply walked up to it and stroked its enticing fur as if it were an everyday domesticated house cat.  Aaron watched as she further bent down by the wild animal and scuffed it behind its ears, laughing sweetly as it purred.  As if some communication had been exchanged between them and all arrangements had been made, Raven stood up, letting the loose flowing garment she wore float to the ground and began to run through the forest and the cougar followed.  Within fifteen feet Raven gracefully leaped into the air as if she were diving off of the tip of a tropical waterfall and instantly transformed midair into a cougar herself, disappearing into the opaque green forest with her beastly companion.
Stunned, Aaron stared off into the wooded area unmoving.  As reality took hold, Danielle’s name tore from his lips as he whirled around trying to decipher which way led back to the village.  Demons.  Unable to navigate in his present mind state, he concluded that any direction away from the animals was better than nothing.  He was unarmed and certainly not prepared to face off with one, let alone two demons.  He didn’t think all the training in the world could prepare him for that.
Turning back in the direction he hoped he’d come from, a sense that Danielle was nearby added to his confusion.  With his arms pumping hard, his heart thump, thump, thumping nearly out of his chest and his legs tearing through the forest floor as fast as they would carry him, he chose to follow that instinct.  He didn’t have the mind to care where the instinct originated from, he just knew he needed to get to her.  To warn her and protect her.
Danielle rushed across the woodland terrain.  She knew Aaron was near and ran in the direction her senses led her.  She spotted him in the distance and traced the remainder of the way to him, surprising him and causing him to stumble into her, sending them both crashing to the forest floor.  He quickly wrapped her safely in his arms as they rolled to a stop near the base of a towering pine attempting to take the brunt of the fall.
“Are you okay?  Are you hurt?” Danielle blurted as she frantically ran her hands up and down his face and torso searching for possible injuries.
His heart was thundering in his chest and he held her a little tighter to him wildly looking around them in every direction that he could see hoping they were well away from the demons he’d come upon earlier.
“Yes, yes, I’m fine.  But we have to get out of here now.  There are demons in the woods,” he breathily replied.
She looked quizzically at him.  “No way.  That’s just not possible, Aaron.  These woods are impeccably warded.  All manner of alarms and mayhem would be happening right now.  Listen,” she paused.  “See, nothing other than normal forest sounds.  Little animals scampering…birds doing their thing…”
She pushed at his chest slightly, making a move to separate and stand, but he held her firm.
“No, I swear.  I saw them.  Two…back that way,” he motioned with his head.  “Cougars.  She changed into a cougar right in front of me.  One of those female warriors I met earlier.  You’ve got a spy in your camp.”
“Sweetie, it’s okay,” she soothed, trying in vain not to laugh at his panicked state.  “Was it Raven?”
He nodded, suddenly feeling like a first class idiot.  She obviously knew something he didn’t – again.
“Oh hell, don’t tell me.  You guys can shapeshift, too.”
“No, only she can.  At least in our community.  There are others of my sisters, of course, elsewhere that acquired the same power.  It’s her gift from Freya.”
“What about the other cougar she was with?”
“Just another cougar.  She has the gift of communicating with animals, too.”
He let out a heavy, calming breath, blowing the stray hairs that had fallen from her usual braid and curtained around her now grinning face and let his head fall back to the ground resting among the dirt, piles of leaves, wild grass and twigs scattered there.  She regarded him carefully to ensure that his fears had been alleviated.  When she was satisfied, she began to gently pull stray leaves and twigs that were embedded in his hair from their recent tumble.
With Danielle still lying atop him, Aaron loosened his hold on her, wrapping one arm around her waist and trailing his other hand up the ridge of her back in a tender circling motion.  Danielle relaxed into his ministrations moaning lowly.   Her eyes fluttered closed as she enjoyed the blissful touch of his hand.  Aaron watched the pleasurable emotions cross her face, her full darkened lashes fanned out over the rise of her slightly rosy cheeks, her perfectly proportioned nose and smooth chin framing her erotically enticing mouth while she gently bit into the lower lip.  The look portrayed ecstasy and he wanted to share that feeling with her.
He brought his other hand up to lightly brush the side of her face with the backs of his fingers.  She slowly opened her eyes and met his gaze full of wonderment and longing and brought her own hand down from his hair to cup his face.  Unable to stop herself, Danielle leaned the few remaining inches left between them and caressed his lips with her own, unhurriedly drawing them gently between each other’s.  The kiss was soft, soothing and somehow fulfilling.  Filled with a wholeness that felt complete and right.
As Aaron began to languidly roll her onto her back, she gave up control of the kiss and opened to him, allowing the lazy sweep of his tongue to explore the recesses of her mouth, joining him in his exploration and softly dueling and teasing her tongue with his.  She felt the evidence of his erection against her thigh and her passion began to climb higher, but not with the frenzied fire they’d previously shared.  This need felt different.  Not hurried, but an extension of the kiss they were sharing accompanied by the necessity to be closer to Aaron.  As close as she could possibly be.  She clung to him with everything she possessed.
With the wild grasses beneath them as their bed, their clothing fell away bit by bit while they continued to thoroughly touch, stroke, nip and embrace each other.  Hands, fingers, lips, teeth and tongues worshipfully caressed, leaving no surface of their bodies uncharted.
Aaron had never felt anything like it before.  Had never wanted any woman the way he wanted her now.  He was consumed with needing to touch her, hold her and feel her body against his – naked and unfettered, skin to skin.  The surface of his skin tingled everywhere and ached for her touch in return.  Her writhing, moans and responses to his touch made it evident she fully shared and returned his desire.
“Danielle, look at me.  I want to watch you as I take you.”  Aaron settled between Danielle’s opened legs and held her gaze as he entered her.  “So beautiful…”  His voice trailed off into a low growl as he gave into the pleasure of her tight sheath surrounding his shaft.  So perfect.  So right.
“Oh, yes.  Perfect,” she moaned.  “You fill me so full,” she gasped as she raised her hips to meet his solid molten thrusts, her nails digging almost painfully into his strong shoulders.  Please don’t let this end.  I want to feel this forever.
“Forever,” Aaron murmured as he softly bit the sensuous skin between her neck and shoulder.
As Aaron and Danielle moved sinuously together in the world’s oldest dance, time and the world with all its thoughts and sounds melted away.  They were surrounded by only the sensation of each other, their mingling breaths and the reverberation of their thundering heartbeats.  Together they elevated the desire between them.  They reached for their ultimate pleasure, for fulfillment, bringing each other over the edge in perfect synchronicity.  Their sensuous cries jointly intermingled, roaring through the electrically charged air that encompassed them.
Aaron remained atop Danielle as he rested his forehead against hers, their breaths comingling, neither wanting to break the embrace they shared as their hearts continued to race.
Neither realizing the unspoken communication they’d shared in the height of their passion.
His lips sought hers in the same tender kiss they’d shared at the beginning of their lovemaking.  Dawning revelation hit Aaron causing a tightness in the center of his chest.  This isn’t just sex.  Not anymore.  Sure there was still the uncontrollable urge that drew them together from the start.  So hot and demanding.  Almost unquenchable.  But it had evolved.  It had become so much more.
Have I fallen in love with her?
Waking with her in his arms this morning and holding her now just felt so right.
“Danielle.  I…”
“Shh, Aaron.”  She placed a finger to his lips.  “Just lie with me.  Just like this.”  She closed her eyes and, although she smiled outwardly, inwardly she felt the unease of Vex’s warning and her heart broke just a little bit.  Oh Goddess, help me.  This can’t be.

*****

Holden stretched his long limbs out languidly in the faux leather covered booth in a dark corner of the Goth-themed bar located at the older, lonelier part of the Las Vegas Strip.  He felt the familiar vibration of his cell phone within his front shirt pocket.  Reaching into his pocket he checked the caller ID and noted that it was Stan, Tormond’s flunky human, as he liked to refer to him.  He’d never understand why Tormond thought this human was so special.  The flunky was, after all, only human.  Holden himself, being a demon, was much higher on the food chain and felt he deserved a bit more respect and admiration from his boss than the flunky.  Hell, Stan wasn’t even at minion status.  And minions were considered lowly piss ants who were always expendable.  The thought of taking this call sickened him.
With unconcealed disgust, he answered, “What do you want?  I’m busy.”
“Mr. T wants to see you and Heidi.  He told me to tell you that he wants you now.  His words, not mine.  All right?  So don’t show me any attitude.  The boss needs the both of you in his office.”
Disconnecting the call, Holden had no idea where Heidi was within the club.  Probably in some obscure corner fucking the latest catch of the night, as was her habit of late.  He sent a mental link out to her.  Let’s trace, the boss wants us in his office.  Like now.
Uh oh.  This can’t be good, she replied.
The she-demon was standing at the end of the bar scouting a tall, mean looking bloke with some of the largest muscles she’d ever seen on a human male.  His body resembled a young Arnold Schwarzenegger with bulging muscle on top of muscle.  The black leather vest he was sparsely wearing was stretched taunt across his tattooed chest and back.  He was surrounded by several overheated, fake-breasted females that stroked, squeezed and fondled his shoulders, chest and biceps while giggling like a pack of hyenas in a wild desert night.  Eww, she thought as she cringed both inwardly and outwardly.  So not her type.  But that was beside the point because he looked like he could give those warriors a good run for their money.
With a grunt of frustration, Heidi replied, Great timing.  I just had my line of sight on an ideal candidate.  Wouldn’t you know it?  He would have been perfect.  Just give me a minute to connect with him so that I can get back to him after we’re done.
Her face took on a blank expression as she entered the unsuspecting fool’s mind to get the information that she needed for future contact.  She was impressed with what she found rummaging around inside his brain.  The boy actually had some – brains, that is.  She gathered what she’d came for and backed out, him none the wiser.  Be seeing you soon, Butch.
She quickly made her way over to the booth that Holden was occupying.
“All right.  That should do it.  Let’s go.”
Holden rose and Heidi joined him as they made their way through the crowd to the exit at the back of the club that led into the dark, damp alley behind the building.  Pushing through the door, they scanned the immediate area to ensure the alley was empty from prying eyes, then visualized the location that they needed to trace to and vanished.
Rematerializing within the hallway outside of Tormond’s office, Holden raised his fisted hand and knocked on the door.
“Come,” came the command to enter from within.
Opening the door, Holden noted that his boss looked none too happy.  His eyes were hard and black as the deepest night.  That was a very bad sign.
I hope I didn’t do anything to give him that look.  Maybe it’s Heidi, he thought with a smirk and a spark of hopefulness.
“Sit!”  Tormond took a calming breath as the demons complied.  “I’ve heard some very disturbing news regarding the dig site and I want you two to get down there and clean it up.  You will eliminate any warrior on the premises and get me that worthless human, Dr. Janson.  I don’t care if he’s harmed, but I want him alive and able to communicate.  Hanna is waiting for your arrival.  Her I’ll also deal with upon your return.” 
“We’ll leave immediately, my Lord,” Holden replied as he stood.  He knew a dismissal when he heard it and, with the mood Tormond was in, he wouldn’t be any more damned than he already was and give Tormond any excuse to bring down his wrath upon him.  He saw Heidi rise also and received the thoughts she projected.
Kiss ass. This is such a man’s club.  He didn’t even acknowledge me.
And why should he?  Look how he sent a woman to do a man’s job and she failed.  You should be glad you’re not Hanna.  I sure am.  I wonder how he’ll release his wrath on her.  Besides, if he’s not acknowledging you, you don’t have to fear any backlash from his temperamental moods.  It’s best to be invisible right now.
Yeah, you’re right.  At least about the invisible part.  Although, I refuse to be compared to Hanna just because I’m a female.  I don’t know how she fucked up, but I can guarantee I’d have done a better job.
Maybe you’ll get your chance to prove it before this is all over.
Yea, looking forward to it.  Let’s go kick some warrior butt.

*****

Feeling some relief at the quiet that currently surrounded his office, Tormond popped the cap on his latest bottle of aspirins and confiscated four of the little white chalky tablets, downing them without the aid of any liquid to wash them down his parched throat.  The bitter taste and gritty, grimy texture was almost a welcome respite to thwart the constant debilitating headaches that plagued him, an unwelcome complication to the almost unwelcome link he shared with his father.  He needed to feed, and soon.  A generous portion of warm healing blood would do wonders for his present physical state and peace of mind.  He’d have to call for one of the girls.
Hmmm.  Rosa maybe.  A little Spanish spice would be nice and he looked forward to sinking his teeth in - literally.  The thought caused his gums to ache, his fangs to descend slightly and tingle with anticipation.  It did wonders for his fifth appendage, too.
As Tormond leaned comfortably in his throne-sized executive office chair and leisurely delved in his thoughts, his hand drifted to his crotch and began massaging his now hardening member.  Suddenly, he tensed and felt that familiar unwelcome fatherly link amplify as though a red hot poker had been speared directly into his brain.
“Oh, God,” Tormond moaned painfully, instantly dropping to the floor into a fetal position as he squeezed his eyes shut tightly and clutched his head with both hands.
“Yes!  That is correct.  It is me.”  Loki’s voice boomed and echoed through his conscious mind.  “My patience is wearing thin.  You are completely useless to me.”
“Father, please!”
Normally, nothing could make Tormond beg.  It was the weakest of traits and an act that he even abhorred watching his own victims do.  Weakness was unacceptable in any form.  But, as much as he hated to beg, the pain was too great.  The mind fuck that Loki chose to play this time proved to be too much.  Knowing it wasn’t actually reality, didn’t stop him from feeling the torture as if it were real, just as Loki intended.  He only hoped that he would survive.  He suspected one day he would not and prayed that day was not today.
“I have solid reasons that explain this delay,” Tormond hurried to explain as he started to feel the skin on his back being peeled from his body, strip by agonizing strip.  “The warriors have discovered the dig and I have already sent my top demons to take care of this matter,” he cried painfully again as he felt the skin on his torso pulling from his chest muscles.
“Do you think this will appease me?  Why did you send your demons?  You should be there handling my business yourself, not some slackers.  Go and get me the “Eye of Odin!  And do not fail me again!”
Loki let his fury unfurl with the greatest of roars, tearing the remaining skin from Tormond’s body all at once.  Tormond writhed in unbearable agony as he screamed with his last breath before darkness finally took him, “Thy will be done!”
With the passage of time unknown to him, Tormond slowly gained consciousness and hated the feeling of fear that washed over him.  He still felt remnants of pain and suffering from the torture he had endured but knew that there would be no physical evidence.
I am a demi-god!  An immortal!  This is Hanna’s fault.  Her weakness has caused me to suffer for the last time.  If she hadn’t failed to eliminate that warrior, none of this would have happened.  I would have the Eye of Odin and be rightfully placed in the highest ranks with my father, as is my due.  I will make her pay for her incompetence and for the pain and humiliation she has caused.
Dragging his legs underneath himself, Tormond slowly crawled towards his desk.  He placed his right hand on the desktop and his left on the chair seat enabling him to slowly pull himself into his chair.  Grunting through his pain, he pulled himself into a sitting position.  It took excruciating effort to reach for his intercom, as his muscles stretched and burned with each movement.  He pressed the speak button and called for his loyal associate.
“Stan, contact Holden and tell him to hold the plane.  You and I, along with a few others of my staff will be accompanying them.”  His voice sounded forced and breathless.
“Sir, are you all right?”  Stan’s concerned voice came over the intercom.
“Yes, just do this for me…and prepare to leave immediately,” he replied as he disconnected.
Tormond knew this was only the beginning.  A first step.  After they retrieved the Eye of Odin, they would be able to move forward in the search for the other two artifacts needed to banish the other Gods from the mortal realm.  He realized that with the discovery of his secret dig operation, the others now knew about the lost documents that had been located and it would just be a matter of time before they had their hands on them and interpreted their hidden secrets.  It was a race to the finish and the winner would win big.  The thought of what he could do ruling by Loki’s side was what kept him going most days.  He wanted – no needed – his reward as ruler in this realm.  And if anyone deserved it, he did.
A light knock at his office door broke his train of thought.
“Come.”
“Sir,” Stan said as he entered.  His concern was evident on his face.  “Forgive my intrusion, but I was concerned.  Are you sure you’re all right?  It is my job to guard and keep you safe.  I would be remiss to not confirm your welfare myself.”
“Yes, Stan.  Thank you.  Just having one of my moments.”
Stan was aware that his employer suffered from chronic migraines and interpreted that was what Tormond alluded to.
Luckily, there were no physical marks on his person, although his hair and clothes were disheveled and his face, paler than normal, hosted a sheen of perspiration.  He began straightening the garments and sat a little stiffer and taller in the chair, forcing a sense of confidence he didn’t feel at the moment.  His father’s visit had shaken him to the core.  If the damage had been physical, his body would have healed it with a little time and blood.  But Loki’s mental attacks seemed to take more of a toll on him.
“See…” he said popping the cap off his pocketed aspirin bottle once again.  “A few of these and I’ll be good as new.”  He palmed a few tablets and tossed them into his mouth.
“Yes, sir.  If you say so,” Stan acquiesced, still a little disbelieving.  “Holden is holding the flight per your instructions.”
“Thank you, Stan.  Please tell my driver to be out front in thirty minutes.”
“I’ll take care of that right away.”
Stan headed for the door to leave but then turned back for a moment.
“Was there something else?” Tormond asked with as much pleasantry as he could muster.
“Can I get you anything before I head downstairs?  I want to do a quick security check before we leave.”
“Yes, actually.  Please send Rosa up with my dinner.  I’m especially ravenous tonight.  In fact, send up that new red-headed masseuse from the salon, also.  I need her to work this kink out of my neck.  And make sure no one else disturbs us until I’m ready to leave.  I need a few minutes of recuperative time.”
Tormond was starting to feel a bit more energetic.  Rosa would be an appetizer to the newly acquired main course.  He loved to expand his horizons and try new things and he especially needed the extra pick-me-up tonight.  Stan picked up on his enthusiasm and smiled.
“There.  You’re starting to look like your old self.  I’m glad, sir.  Had me worried there for a minute.”
“No need to worry, but it’s always comforting to know that I can count on you, Stan.  You’re my most loyal employee.”
“Thank you, sir.  You can count on me.”
Stan exited the office and hurried downstairs to make arrangements for the women as Tormond requested.
Tormond wondered if Stan would be as loyal if he knew what he was sending those women to him for.  He wanted Stan to stick around.  He was the best mortal, the loyalist – mortal or otherwise – that he had working for him.  He’d need to keep him in the dark for a little while longer.  Then maybe, when he was ready, Tormond would reward him.  Move him up the food chain.  Make him immortal, too.
I definitely need more demons, but he’s too valuable to me where he’s at for now.  But someday.  Yes, someday…

*****

Chapter Fifteen



Aaron’s training had been completed.  Slash, Blaze and Turbo had done exceptionally well.  The warriors had taught him all that they could given his earthly limitations and the time constraints.  They were surprised and pleased at his innovation in using everyday items one might find on a desk, such as a pencil or a letter opener, wielding it as a makeshift weapon to wound and incapacitate his opponent.  Where he lacked in strength and preternatural powers, they were confident he would make up for in cunning.
Thunder assigned several warriors to accompany Aaron back to the dig site at the North Sea.  Their job was to provide protection and aid in the search for the EOD.  Thoughts were somber as they boarded the plane for the long journey ahead.
“I haven’t been back there in many, many years,” Steele said solemnly reflecting on the losses the warriors had sustained in The Great Battle.  He made his way to the back of the plane to take his seat.
“Yes, I had the same thoughts when I returned last week,” Danielle offered as she followed behind, motioning for Aaron to sit beside her.
They each settled in and buckled for takeoff.  The brilliant sun sat midway toward the horizon.  There were only a few hours of daylight left and they would fly through the night arriving early the next morning.
“Vex, I think your idea of a memorial ceremony is wonderful.  We owe them so much that we’ll never be able to repay.”
“Thanks, Makayla.  What we’ve prepared may be simple, but it’s meaningful…and healing, I hope.”
Knowing Aaron was somewhat clueless, Danielle turned to him, offering an explanation of the current conversation.  “After The Great Battle, we resurrected a Memorial Stone to our fallen warriors.  It’s been a long time since the most of us have returned there to pay our respects.”
“I’ve been all over that area, but I’ve never seen the stone you speak of.  Is it far from the site?”
“Well, you wouldn’t have seen it,” Steele explained.  “It’s warded just as our village is.”
“Yes, it’s located just a short way from your dig site.  Nearer the cliffs with a lovely view of the sea,” Myste added.
“Well, maybe I’ll get a chance now that I’m with you guys.”
“Get a chance to do what?” Vengeance inquired, walking up take a seat across from Aaron and Danielle, joining the conversation late.
Danielle leaned forward.  “To see the Memorial Stone.”
“Oh, yes.  It’s quite impressive and meaningful to us, as I’m sure you’ve gathered.”
“Yes,” Aaron added.  “I’m looking forward to it.”
The last warriors to board were Nadine and Justice, bringing up the rear and securing the door behind them.
“You almost made us late.  I can’t believe you almost made us miss the flight.”  Nadine scolded Justice as they took the remaining seats near the front of the plane.  He ignored her, refusing to give into her OCD about rigid schedules and such.  Everyone knew you couldn’t throw a wrench into Nadine’s day or she’d freak out on you in an instant.
“Pilot says strap in.  We take off in two minutes.  Anyone needing a stewardess is SOL,” Justice laughed.  “But I’m sure Nadine here would love to demonstrate the use of your air masks and the nearest exits for us.”  He accompanied his quips with flaunty little pointing motions at the side and rear exit doors, mixed in with a signature Elvis hip move.  The move was a bit awkward, but he made it work.
“I believe they like to be called flight attendants.  And no, I will not be demonstrating anything except maybe sticking my foot up your ass,” she teasingly replied with a sickeningly sweet smile.
“Now that demonstration I’d like to see,” added Myste.
The engines that had been previously humming lowly began to rev up to the timbre of a mild roar as the plane began to taxi forward at a crawl.  Speed gathered at a rapid pace and without further warning the craft jolted forward, the front rising toward the heavens.  In no time, they’d reached their cruising altitude and leveled off for the long flight to the North Sea.
“You guys are lucky I’m on this flight.  I can guarantee no turbulence.  Mother Nature and I had a chat and we’ve got smooth sailing all the way to the North Shore.  You can all thank me later.  Ha ha,” Myste mockingly laughed.  The currently blonde haired warrior had obviously utilized her powers of manipulating the weather to her advantage.
Yes, we are lucky.  But not so much due to the weather as to the good mood you’re currently in, Vengeance thought to himself.  Thank the Gods.
He stood, stretched slightly and addressed the others as he made his way down the aisle to the back of the plane.  “I’m retiring to private quarters.  You’ll let me know if I’m needed.”  With a suave motion and smoothness of the best playboys in the universe, he effortlessly snagged Makayla’s hand as he passed her chair and pulled her along with him.
Makayla raised an eyebrow and looked at him.  I thought this was going to be a smooth flight.  Seems you plan to cause a little turbulence yourself.
Oh, no.  It will be smooth.  I promise.  Nice, slow and smooth, he added as he closed them in the small bedroom suite with a click of the door lock.
Aaron leaned toward Danielle and whispered in her ear seductively while trailing a finger teasingly downward from the tender spot behind her ear to the center of her cleavage.  “We didn’t get to use the bedroom on our last trip.”
She batted his hand away as inconspicuously as possible and returned his whisper.  “That’s because: a) we didn’t make it that far, and b) we didn’t have an audience.”  Then she slid her finger lightly from his knee up to his groin.  “Now, keep your hands to yourself or it’s going to be a really long flight.”  She paused then said, “Oh, and c) No, I won’t meet you in the bathroom.”  She giggled and grinned mischievously.
“Don’t be cruel,” Aaron responded with a playful pout, not realizing that every vampire on the plane had heard this entire conversation.
One of whom was Justice, the Elvis enthusiast, who felt that was his cue to break out into a chorus of ‘Don’t Be Cruel.’  The women even had an idea what was being said in such close quarters so everyone laughed.  Even Aaron had a sense of humor.
As he settled back in his seat for the flight, his thoughts turned to Danielle.  The intelligent, strong and amazing Danielle.  Although reflecting a state of calm on the outside, deep down Aaron felt somewhat apprehensive about his relationship with her.  He was getting so used to being around her, with her.  He realized how relieved he was that she was accompanying him back to the dig site.  Relieved that he hadn’t had to tell her goodbye, just yet.  He knew it was inevitable, but he was glad for the reprieve.  No matter how short it turned out to be.  He’d take the time granted to him.
The remainder of the flight was uneventful.  Everyone had rested comfortably and were alert and ready for their mission.  Scanning of the small private airstrip they used for arrival proved secure and safe.  No demons detected or in sight.  They were greeted by hired SUV’s and all equipment and bags were easily loaded for their first stop at the Memorial Stone before going on to the dig site.
They parked the vehicles and walked the short distance to the area at the cliffs surrounding the Memorial Stone.  The sun had yet to make an appearance and it seemed they would be able to accomplish their task as it rose across the horizon where the ocean’s surface kissed the sky.  The female warriors prepared the site draping the consecrated stone with flowers, garland and candles.  Nadine, as the Shield of the warriors, widened the magical circle of protection to include the area they encompassed.
The stone, itself, was magnificent in size and stature.  Made from highly polished black granite with the rough edges glittering in dots of silver, white, blacks and grays.  Upon the stone was the Valknut, Odin’s symbol of the slain warriors knot.  It was inscribed in an old Norse language that he recognized but could not actually read, although inexplicably the translation came to him at once.  We will remember you always.  Our friends, our loved ones, our brothers and sisters, our protectors.  Freyodin Warriors forever.
Aaron was awestruck at the reverent atmosphere the location held.  The cliffs bordering the site with the mighty rocks and waves crashing beneath seemed to add a sense of belonging that enveloped everything within the cove above and below.  At first, he thought he’d feel unwelcome, intrusive in some way.  After all, these were their warrior brothers and sisters that they had lost.  Although he recognized the sacrifice they had made for humanity, he had no personal connection to them.  But the feeling that wove in and out of everyone and everything was undeniable and all consuming.  Without understanding it, something within him felt a loss, too.
As the sun began its low ascent on the horizon, sending sparkling streams of gold across the ocean stretched out below it, Vengeance stepped forward and everyone gathered silently in a semi-circle facing the stone.  His booming voice a timbre of command and reverence at once.
“We are here to pay homage to our fallen sisters and brothers.  Not only those lost to us in The Great Battle but to all those that have lost their lives in upholding the pledge and beliefs of the Freyodin Warriors; bravery, honor, loyalty and strength.  The task given to us by Odin and Freya in protecting the mortal realm is not an easy one, but it is a noble one.  A fight we will continue, and win so that our brothers and sisters did not die in vain.  Join me in a moment of remembrance to those we hail today.”
Vengeance stepped back in line with the other warriors and in unison they lowered to their left knees, drew their daggers in their right hands and crossed them over their hearts.   Thrusting the fisted daggers into the molten sky, they raised their voices and chanted as one, “For the good of all!”, then solemnly bowed their heads.  A bright glowing light burst from the heavens and shown down upon the Memorial Stone that could only have been sent by Odin and Freya.
Vex rose from his kneeling posture and began to sing.  Aaron recognized the moving tribute as the song Overcome by Live that became so popular after 9/11.  With his arms outstretched to his sides and his head looking skyward, Vex reverently sang the verses while Makayla and Justice rose to join in for the choruses in a beautiful a cappella rendition that touched everyone and sent chills racing through them all.  Their voices rose magnificently in the solemn air, blending perfectly in homage to their fallen brothers and sisters.
Myste, sporting blue hair to reflect her sadness, made her own contribution during the performance by surrounding the blessed place and all those within it with a blanket of light, swirling iridescent fog that provided a wondrous ethereal effect.  It was a moment that brought a sense of awe and remembrance for the sacrifice the fallen had made, leaving not a dry eye or ungrateful heart among them.
Aaron was moved by the devotion and sense of family and closeness that all of the warriors shared.  He wondered at how it must feel to belong to such a group.  Being an orphan, he’d never had the chance to share in such a feeling or be a part of such a family.  He was envious of Danielle at that moment and secretly wished he could share that feeling with her.
As if she’d read his mind, Danielle reached to her side for Aaron’s hand and held it until the song concluded.  How could she know I needed this?  She couldn’t, could she?  She probably needed comforting herself and reached out for me.  I’m glad she did, for whatever the reason.

*****

The remaining drive to the dig site was quiet and uneventful.  Once they arrived, Danielle paid special attention to any spectral presence that might be lurking nearby, expecting a visit from their previous unseen observer, but felt nothing for the moment.  Others did visual and mental scanning of the area that proved to be clear of any demon presence.  Vengeance suspected it was the lull before the storm and called the warriors together to give instructions and assignments.
“It goes without saying that everyone should be on high alert and have your weapons at the ready at all times.  Tormond knows we’re here by now and will not be pleased that we’ve invaded what he considers his territory.   We’ll work in three shifts – assisting in the search for the EOD, standing guard and downtime.  Everyone pair off, one male to one female, and rotate shifts on an eight-hour basis.  Danielle, you’ll be with me guarding Aaron fulltime.  We’ll keep his schedule and alternate resting periods.  No blocking on this assignment.  Communication is key, so stay open and be ready for anything.  There are only eight of us to cover the entire site and with two down that leaves only six of us awake and alert at any given time.  I’m counting on the men to pay special attention and utilize your abilities to their fullest extent.  We’ll be working amongst mortals so try to shield your abilities as much as possible and be mindful of what you discuss in public.  I don’t want to waste a lot of time enthralling Aaron’s workers unless it’s unavoidable.  Any questions?”
“I’ll be working with my assistant, Jake Thomas, so we need to have some type of cover story for everyone’s presence around the site,” Aaron inquired.
“That’s not a problem.  I can suggest something believable to him and he’ll buy it.”
When no one else responded, Vengeance added, “Okay.  Be ready for anything.  Let’s do it.”
Myste grabbed Steele by the arm.  “I’ve got my man,” she said jokingly and batted her eyes.
The remaining warriors laughed and paired off as instructed then they all headed out for their respective assignments.
“Let’s go to my office and I’ll introduce you to my assistant.”
Vengeance and Danielle followed Aaron through the dreary corridor with its channeled gray metal walls and cold cement flooring.  The office’s only occupant was Jake who sat working behind Aaron’s desk.
“Hey, Aaron.  So glad you’re back with us and I hope your trip was successful.”
“Yes, it’s good to be back.  I appreciate you taking the extra time and effort to cover for me in my absence.”  Turning to his guests, he added, “I’d like you to meet some friends of mine.  This is Danielle and Vengeance.  They’re going to be on site for a while along with their team.”
“Jake Thomas.  It’s nice to meet you both.  What kind of team are you?”
Vengeance stuck out his hand to shake Jake’s proffered one.  “We are a security team and Dr. Janson has hired us for some extra security for the time being due to a recent break that occurred on the property.”
Danielle winced slightly at the jab Vengeance made of her prior pitiable attempt at breaking and entering.  Vengeance grinned innocently while Aaron raised his eyebrow in surprise but quickly recovered.
“A burglary?  Here?” Jake asked.
“Oh yes, I failed to mention that to you, Jake.  It was minor, really, but I’d also received a threat and thought I’d feel safer taking it seriously.  You know the old adage – better safe than sorry, right?”
“Well, I guess I should make you aware of what happened recently then.  I wouldn’t think anything of it except I’ve been unable to verify her story.”
“Her who?” Aaron probed with interest.
“She just popped out of nowhere a few days ago.  Said her name was Hanley Smith and she was a student from the University.  She said that Professor Johnson received approval from you to have her join your team in the search for the Eye of Odin because her thesis was on Norse mythology.  I answered all her questions.  Quite a lot of questions actually, and got her started on some simple assignments.  But she hasn’t shown up the last couple of days.  I was getting concerned, but like I said, I can’t verify her story through the University.  And you were incommunicado.  No one knows who she is unless you do.”  Quite a looker, too.
“No, I’m afraid not.  I haven’t spoken with Professor Johnson or anyone else from the University lately.”
Vengeance cut in.  “Jake, where was she working?”
“She was over in the secured building where we clean and store our findings.”
They left Jake in the office and made their way to the building in question.  Danielle knew this building intimately.  It and her B&E building were one in the same.  The last time she’d been in here, she and Aaron were getting to know each other intimately, too.
Vengeance’s keen sense of smell picked up on the faint residue of demon in the air.
Listen up, everyone.  We’ve had a Huldra on the premises within the last forty-eight hours.  Stay alert.  She’ll probably bring some friends with her on her return.
Danielle spoke up, “My guess is it was the ever popular Hanna.  She probably returned after our last run in.”
“Do you mean the demon that flew off as a raven?  Maybe Jake would recognize her by a description,” Aaron asked.
“Yes, that’s exactly who I mean, but they can change their appearance, so that’s irrelevant.  Let’s hope her search was unsuccessful since she hasn’t been around the last couple of days.  She probably didn’t get the information she was looking for out of Jake.  He’s one lucky SOB to still be standing.”
“We’ll need to keep a special eye on him, just in case,” Vengeance said.
Aaron looked at them concerned.  “Why, is he in danger?  I mean more so than the rest of us?”
“Not exactly, but he could be a danger that we’re not aware of if Hanna had her way with him.”  Vengeance notified the team of the possible threat within their midst.

*****

“We’ve completed all the tests we can think of with the samples we obtained from both Danielle and Aaron.  Nothing stands out as unusual or abnormal.  But, we also took a swab of the chain that Aaron is wearing which showed some interesting results.”  Excitement flashed in Annika’s eyes as she shared the findings of the tests ran by her and Emeline.  Emeline reflected a similar look across the table.
“Really?” Zahara questioned.  “Please continue.”
“Yes,” Annika began.  “Aaron is mortal, of course.  But we found dried blood residue still embedded between the links of the chain, which we assume belonged to Alarr since Aaron hasn’t been injured and no one else has worn the chain.  Again, an assumption, due to the nature of the chain, but one we’re pretty sure of.”
Emeline nodded enthusiastically.  “The thing is…they, Aaron and Alarr...they match.  It’s like their brothers or something.  I even had a couple of the guys examine both samples without giving them any additional information.  I figured with their extra vamp senses, they’d be able to decipher between the two, but they said the samples were very similar also.  Just that one was quite older than the other.  I know it’s impossible, but it would at least give us a reason why the chain attached.”
“Danielle said that they were both touching the chain when the explosion of light burst and suddenly, the chain was on Aaron.  It must think Aaron is Alarr.”
“Wow,” Zahara stared blankly ahead.  “That would explain it.  It could all boil down to chemistry, after all.  I’ll go back to the scrolls and research Alarr specifically.  I’ve been searching for anomalies regarding the binding chain.  I’ll just change the parameters of my search and see what I can find.”
Annika sighed and continued.  “Unfortunately, it doesn’t solve how we’re going to remove it.  This just brings up more questions.”
Everyone nodded, sighing in agreement.  Then Annika had an idea.
“Hey, what if I assist you in the search?  I can enforce and enhance the powers and gifts of the others.  Why can’t I help you enhance your search?”
“I don’t know.  I’ve never had anyone join me in my visions before.  I’ve been searching the scrolls through my visions instead of traveling back and forth to Valhalla.”  Giving the idea some thought, she bit the tip of her index finger and turned to Emeline.
“You could help us, too.”
“How do you mean?” Emeline replied.
“Just for safety’s sake.  You’d be here in case anything happened to Annika.  Your healing powers could be useful.  I seriously don’t know what, if anything, could go wrong, assuming it works at all.”
“Sure.  Of course, I’ll help.”
Annika was looking forward to this endeavor.  She could trace as well as everyone else, but traveling through a vision was simply…exciting.  Impatiently she said, “Well, what are we waiting for?  Let’s get to it.”
Following Zahara through her home, they entered the room that she had deemed her vision room.  She kept this sacred room separate from everything else in her life.  As she opened the double doors, they were met with a serene forest scene that gave the impression of walking outside into the forest itself.  It was much more than an indoor garden.  Dozens of white candles lit a path and provided low lighting giving the room a serene atmosphere.  Sheer drapes flowed around the outer edges of the copious room and the ceiling portrayed a life-like view of a blue sky dotted with cottony white clouds.  A trickling waterfall could be heard in one corner and living plants and other greenery surrounded the remainder of the room.  They followed the lit path across a small raised bridge that crossed a tiny moving stream.
The other side of the bridge housed an altar that was adorned with dozens of burning white candles of varied shapes and sizes.  Zahara motioned for the others to stand to the side and lowered to her knees on the large satin pillow in front of the altar.
“Annika, if you will simply add your magic to mine once I enter my trance, I believe that will be sufficient.  If you start to feel uncomfortable in any way, please pull back and sever the tie between us.  I don’t want you to get caught up and transcend anywhere but this room.  I wouldn’t know how to bring you back into your body if that happened.  Emeline, just watch out for her and do what you can to aid her should she need it, please.  Whatever happens, don’t let her go into a trance herself.”
When both women had nodded their acquiescence, Zahara began by getting into a meditative yoga position.  She closed her eyes, resting her hands palm up on her knees and took deep breaths, clearing her mind completely.  Her body became weightless and lifted, floating just a few inches above the pillow she’d previously occupied.  A tingling feeling engulfed her form as she reached a mindless thoughtless state.  She felt her essence leave her body as her mind entered an astral plane and floated along a stream of consciousness, crossing through the veil of the mortal realm and entering the realm of Asgard.  She glided atop Glasir, the most beautiful tree among gods and men, bearing red-golden leaves, that stood vigil outside the doors of Valhalla, and finally projected into the hall that held the ancient records she sought.
Zahara felt Annika’s magic flowing through her enhancing the clarity as she conducted her search of the archived records, mentally projecting her inquiries.  In her vision, several volumes and pages floated around her and various bits of information gathered together from the pages and flowed like a swirling stream of energy into her mind, filling her with the answers she sought.  When the flow of energy ebbed slowly to a halt, Zahara returned to her body and reentered her physical state of being.
Blinking her eyes, Zahara happily proclaimed, “I think I’ve got it.  Thanks so much for the help, Annika.  Searching the scrolls was never so clear.  I may utilize your assistance again in the future.”
“It was my pleasure.  But tell us what you found.”  Annika joined in her excitement and jumped giddily like a child, clapping her hands.
“It seems that Alarr had a human family before he came to join us.  He left a wife and two sons behind when he was brought over.  It’s very possible that Aaron may be his descendant.”
“Well, that might explain the blood similarities.  Although, it’s been hundreds of years and I don’t know how reliable that solution would be.”
“The records also provided a ritual that can be performed to verify their ancestry.  It’s fairly simple and I think we should try it.  At the very least, it will out rule the theory,” Zahara suggested.
“I agree,” Emeline offered.  “It’s not like we can go to Ancestry.com.”
As the women laughed, Zahara added, “Yea, wouldn’t that be something.  I sure wish they’d put our scrolls on-line.”

*****

Chapter Sixteen



The quiet in Aaron’s office was disturbed by Marvin Gaye singing a muffled version of ‘Let’s Get It On.”  A startled Danielle grabbed her backpack and shyly said, “Oh, that’s me,” while she dug out her cell phone.
The others within the room snickered.  Danielle felt the heat of embarrassment creeping up her face.  Arrg!  I haven’t blushed in years.
“Hello,” she said answering and stepping out into the hall.
“Danielle, it's Zahara.  I’ve got some news.”
“Good news, I hope.  What’s up?”
“Actually, it just might be good news.  Annika, Emeline and I did some additional checking and examination of the samples they took from you and Aaron.  There seems to be a strange anomaly with the blood samples taken.  Also, I’ve discovered that Alarr had a human family before he died.  With Aaron’s permission, I want to conduct a ritual that will conclude whether he is a descendant of Alarr’s or not.”
“Wow.”  She slumped a little harder against the wall she’d been leaning on.  “That’s a stunner.  Sure wasn’t expecting you to tell me that.”  She paused and then in a slightly panicked voice asked, “How can that be?”
“Calm down.  It’s going to be okay.  I don’t know how these things happen and we don’t know anything for sure yet.”
Danielle sighed heavily and tried to slow her rapid breathing.  Her mind swarmed with abstract thoughts.  What’s going on?  How can they be related?  Why is this happening?  Is this fate or just some weird coincident?  This is a joke, right?  Mommy Dearest is playing a cruel joke on me.  Does this mean I’m bonded to him because we’ve had sex?  Is that even possible?  Would that be so bad?  Oh Goddess, what am I going to do?
“Please don’t fall apart on me yet, Danielle.  Even from here, I can tell your brain is in overdrive.  Let us figure out what’s going on first.  I’m sorry to have to tell you like this, but I need you to bring Aaron up to speed and get his permission to do the ritual.  He has to be a part of it.  Can you do that for me?”
“I’m okay.  I’m okay.  Yea, sure, I can do that,” she mumbled unconvincingly.
“Alright.  Call me back if you need to.  I’m worried about you, sweetie.”
“Don’t worry.  I’m fine.  I’m sure he’ll agree.  He wants this over with as much as I do.”  Yea, keep telling yourself that.  “We’ll see you as soon as this assignment is completed.”
Danielle disconnected the call, walked back into the office and zoned in on Aaron like a tractor beam.
“Aaron, we need to talk.”

*****

Aaron stood up from his chair and walked around his desk.  Once he reached Danielle’s side, he lifted her chin with his index finger and looked into her eyes.  “You sure look serious.”
Ignoring his questioning look, she cast her eyes downward and said, “Come on.  Let’s find a place with a little more privacy.”
Aaron swept his hand out in front of him toward the direction of the door.  “After you.”  They walked in silence down the corridor and out of the building.
Danielle wanted as much space as possible between her and Aaron and the others for this conversation.  She never meant to keep the knowledge of her past from him.  It just never seemed the right moment for the discussion.  The more she thought about it, now didn’t feel right either.  Actually, on second thought, she needed to lighten the subject up a bit.  Yea, that would do the trick.  If she didn’t make such a big deal out of it, maybe he wouldn’t.  She didn’t want him to get the wrong idea anyway, right?  Why should he care about her past with Alarr?  For that matter, why should she care what he thought?  Oh crap, she was probably making a mountain out of a molehill.  She knew she had to tell him about Alarr because of the ritual Zahara wanted to perform, but it was time to loosen up.  To not be so serious.
“Okay, what’s up?  Are you all right, Danielle?  You’re scaring me a little here.”  His concern was obvious.
She visibly changed her entire demeanor and put a little smile on her face.  “No need for alarm.  I’m fine.  Really I am.  Sorry to worry you back there.  I really just needed some air.”
“Are you sure that’s all?”
“Well, I do need to ask you something, but it’s not such a big deal as you might think.”  She reached behind her back and drew her sword from its sheath.  “Here, take this.”  She motioned toward her sword, holding it out to him by the hilt.  “Let’s have a little practice while we talk.  I’ve been hearing all about what the guys taught you, but haven’t seen you in action yet.”
When Aaron didn’t move to take the sword, she lifted her chin and donned a sexy, sly smile, taunting him.  “Come on.  Show me whatcha got.”
Aaron was relieved to see the worried look had left her face and was willing to go along with her new plan of action if it made her happy.  He walked toward her and accepted the sword she offered.
“And what will you use now that I’ve got your sword?”
Danielle reached down into her boot and retrieved a lengthy dagger.  “Oh, I’ll use this little ole’ thing.”  She brandished the dagger, letting the light gleam off the menacing and deadly looking blade.
“That doesn’t seem quite fair.  Mines much longer than yours.”
“Oh, you’re longer, all right,” she laughed naughtily.  “Don’t you worry about me.  Just bring it.”  She gave him a daring look to go along with her daring words and motioned with her free hand for him to come toward her.
“Okay, if you really want to do this…”
Aaron brought the sword up settling into a fighting stance.  He figured he’d need all of the advantages he could get anyway against a warrior, female or not, so without further warning, he lunged toward her in a playful manner.  Danielle met his advance and blocked it easily with her dagger.
“Okay, what did you want to ask me?” he inquired as they continued the lighthearted duel.  His curiosity hadn’t been side-tracked by her obvious diversion.
“Well, I really haven’t told you a lot about myself and especially about that chain that’s currently locked around your neck.”  She circled around him threateningly in a sideways foot sliding motion.
“Danielle, if you’re trying to tell me that you were once mated, I already know.”
She stopped in her tracks, stood up straight from her battle stance and her weapon went slack in her grip.  “What?  How could you?”
He advanced on her again continuing their contest.  Her instincts brought her back to the skirmish without thought.  
“Other’s talk, you know.  It doesn’t matter who told me.  They certainly didn’t do it to hurt you in any way.  It just came out in conversation.”
Accepting his explanation, she said, “Then you know about Alarr.”
“No, not really.  All I know for sure is that you were previously chain bonded.  Why don’t you start from the beginning and fill me in on what I’m missing.”
She lowered her weapon.  “Okay, but let’s sit and talk.  You know, you’re actually very good with my sword.  I’m impressed considering the time constraints we’ve been under.”
“Thanks, but I’m afraid I’ll never be as good as all of you.”
“No need to be.  That’s why we’re here,” she laughed feeling a little relieved that he at least had some knowledge of her past and she wouldn’t be hitting him out of left field.
Aaron relinquished her sword, took her hand and led her toward a nearby tented area used for meals and gathering.  It was currently dark and empty but would serve for their purposes.  He continued to hold her hand as they sat.
“Where to start?” she mused.
“The beginning,” he answered, meeting her eyes.
“All right.  It’s true.  I was once chain bonded for one whole night a long, long time ago.  His name was Alarr.”
“There’s been no one since him?”
“Not many.  And not anyone serious, no.  And I found out the hard way that he was a mistake.  We should never have made that commitment either.”
She told Aaron everything.  From how she believed their relationship had grown to love, only to discover the reality of the situation and then, how she’d lost him.  Aaron listened patiently for her to finish her tale of betrayal.
“I’m so sorry that you were hurt that way,” he said stroking her hand softly with his thumb.
She searched his eyes and saw only sincerity in them.  “Thank you.  But there is more, I’m afraid.”  She sighed and continued.  “You know that Zahara has been searching our ancient scrolls for a way to remove the chain you’re currently wearing.”
He nodded.
“She’s discovered that when Alarr was brought over, he left a family behind.  A wife and two sons.  We don’t know why, but your blood sample is very similar to the dried sample that remained encrusted on the chain, which we believe belonged to Alarr.”
“You mean like we’re both A positive or something?”
“No, I mean like your DNA is almost identical.”
Aaron released her hand and sat back.  “How can that be?  What exactly does that mean?  I’m an archeologist, not a hematologist.”  His expression showed his total disbelief and puzzlement.  He stood and began pacing.
“We’re not sure without some further testing.  As unbelievable as it may seem, it’s possible that you’re his descendant.”
He stopped and faced Danielle.  “So, what?  You’re telling me that Alarr could be my...great times…six or eight…grandfather?”
Now it was her turn to nod.
“Incredible!  Really, it can’t be.  I mean seriously…what are the odds?”  He began pacing again.
Danielle said nothing, let it all soak in.  She found this possibility incredulous herself and her life revolved around crazy, unexplainable phenomenon on a constant basis.
“How do I deal with this?  How am I supposed to feel?  I don’t even know where to begin.”
“Well, if you think about it, your last name is Janson, which could be an American form of the old Norse Janssen, which was Alarr’s last name.”  She mumbled that last bit of information slightly under her breath.  She wondered why she felt the slightest twinge of guilt about not having made this connection before, but seriously, she had no real reason to think that Aaron had anything to do with Alarr.  Really?  What were the chances?
She paused to let him absorb the information she’d given him before dropping the next bomb.
“With your permission, Zahara would like to perform a ritual that will determine any connection between the two of you.”
Without voicing it aloud, he thought, Could this really be happening?  If it’s true, is this fate or something?  The odds are astronomical.
She stood and reached for him, stopping him in his stride to face her.  “After all of the fantastical things you’ve seen and learned recently, one more shouldn’t be too much of a stretch, right?  Besides, it’s only a theory at this point.  The ritual will tell us more and I’m sure you want to get this thing removed.”  She traced a finger over the chain lying under his shirt resting against his chest.  “At this point, it seems you have three choices.  Either do the ritual and possibly discover a solution to removing the chain or wear the thing for the rest of your life.”
“Three.  You said three.  What’s the third choice?”  He looked at her expectantly.
She grimaced.  “Chop your head off.”  Well…he did ask.
“Right,” he said somewhat unconvincingly as he stared blindly into the night over her shoulder.  He seemed to take that in stride.
Danielle wondered for a moment if his response meant he really didn’t want to remove it.  No, he’s just distracted.

*****

The hour was late when Aaron and Danielle returned to the office.  Vengeance had been briefed of the latest news by Zahara and he could feel the tension in the air like a taunt wire about to spring.  A little rest would do them all good and maybe alleviate some of the strain, so he sent them off for a few hours, instructing Danielle to stay close to Aaron.  Aaron led Danielle to a room that contained a few blanketed cots and she lied down in one next to his.
“Sleep well, Aaron.”
“You, too,” he replied but knew sleep would not come quickly for him tonight.
He settled on his back and braced his arms under his head with his fingers linked together.  He thought of all Danielle had told him which led to even more unanswered questions.  Usually, he loved the quest to find the answers hidden by time, but this pursuit was a little too close to home.  Hell, it was home, as it was all about him.  That was damned uncomfortable.  He really shouldn’t be surprised or stunned by anything he discovered now.  He really should have reached his limit at being shocked, but the hits just kept on coming.
He silently chuckled to himself, astounded that he wasn’t in the slightest upset, but mostly amused.  My great ‘whatever’ grandfather!  Oh God, I’ve been sleeping with his wife!  Okay, a wife of one day.  Well, I guess there are a totally different set of rules regarding the afterlife and immortality.  I mean, it’s not like I’m related to her at all.  She didn’t further my mortal bloodline.  God, what a mess.
Aaron turned to his side.  He watched Danielle sleeping on her side, looking innocent with her knees drawn up and her hands under the side of her beautiful face, pressed together as if in prayer.  He thought of the pain and betrayal she spoke so reluctantly of.  How must she feel?  I was so taken aback that I didn’t even consider how she was taking this epiphany.
As he watched her, her eyes fluttered open and she met his gaze.  She hadn’t been asleep after all.  Neither moved as they held each other’s attention, but Aaron saw the hopelessness conveyed in her face and realized that he wanted to share her pain, past and present.  He wanted to bring her more of the joy they’ve shared these past few days together.  His realization dawns.
Oh, my God.  I love her.  I really love her.
When did that happen?  Was it when that sassy-mouthed sexy woman broke into his warehouse and tried to con him?  Was it the first time he couldn’t keep his hands off of her and took her roughly against the wall?  Was it when he discovered the wonderful, independent being that she really was?  Or when she shared her world with him?  Maybe it was simply when he held her and didn’t want to let go.  He didn’t know when he started to love her, but now he was sure he did.
“Why are you watching me?” she murmured softly.  “You should really get some sleep.”
“Can’t sleep.  I was just observing you…thinking about…everything.”
“I’m really sorry, Aaron.  I never meant to drag you into all of this…endanger your life…your project.  Goddess, I’ve made such a mess of everything.”  Her voice was thick with remorse.
“No, Danielle.  Please don’t be sorry.”  He slid off his cot and knelt next to her still prone body, running his strong hand across the side of her face and softly into her hair.
“I don’t regret a thing.  Yes, I’ll admit to freaking out occasionally, but this has been an adventure beyond my wildest dreams.  I may not be able to share any of these discoveries with my colleagues, but I’ll know.  I’ll know there are phenomena out there around us that can’t be explained, some good and some bad.  I’ll know that you’re out there watching me and protecting me.  Not just me, but all of us, because you’re good, noble and strong you’ve been called to a higher existence to become so much more than the majority of humanity can ever aspire to.  My life will be so much better just having known you.  If the chain can’t be removed then I’ll wear it with pride, remembering our time together.”
Danielle’s eyes were brimming with tears, but she refused to let them bleed over.  She didn’t want him to see her cry.  She couldn’t share the extent of her feelings now.  Nothing lasting could be acted upon and nothing could become of it.  The weight of hopelessness sat on her heart like a crushing vise.
“I just wish…,” Aaron began.  He glanced downward, breaking eye contact with her.
She sat up suddenly and framed his face with her hands.  Though she knew his answer would pain her, her fear couldn’t stop her from asking, “What?  What do you wish, Aaron?”
“That I could keep you, Danielle.  You’ve given me a new outlook on life…and love.  It’s as if I haven’t really lived until now.  Until you.  You’re so much more than that jackass, Alarr, ever knew.  Great grandfather or not, what he did to you was wrong and I want to spend the rest of my life proving it to you.  I’ll do the stupid ritual to satisfy everyone’s curiosity and fears, but it doesn’t really matter to me anymore.  If this chain is all I’ll have left of you, I’ll wear it till the day I die, remembering you.  Loving you.”
Aaron softly brushed the tears from her face that she was unable to hold back.  There was no need to search his face for his sincerity.  She felt the truthfulness of his words deep within her being like something she’d never felt before, breaking down and crumbling the unbreachable walls she had built around her heart.
“I don’t want to end this, to lose you,” he continued.  “I never thought I’d find someone like you.  Never thought I’d ever feel this way.”
She threw her arms around his neck and drew him close.  “Oh, Aaron.  I feel the same.  Please know I do.  But we both know that it can’t be.  I’m bound by my world as you are yours.”
“With all of the strange and wondrous things I’ve discovered out there recently, can’t we find one that will let you stay with me.  They’ve got plenty of warriors.  Surely they wouldn’t miss just one.”
She pulled back to look at him.  The sadness in her eyes rivaled the hope in his.  “I’m so sorry, my love, but it’s forbidden.  If I could do anything to change it, I would.  Please believe me.”
“I do.  But I don’t have to like it.”  Aaron closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  He was determined to be the optimist tonight.  “All right.  It’s not over yet.  Maybe we’ll think of something or discover something.  Maybe I can bargain with Zahara in exchange for letting her do her little ritual on me.  I’ll ask her help in finding a solution.  Just don’t give up hope yet.”
Danielle smiled weakly and nodded her agreement while pulling his lips to meet hers.  She knew it was hopeless.  Had seen it happen once before.  But she kept up the pretense for his sake.  He’d be okay once his memory was wiped.  Of that she was glad.  He wouldn’t suffer.  His memory would be wiped clean and he’d forget all about her.  But she wouldn’t forget.  She’d carry these wonderful memories to the end of her days.
But she’d worry about her suffering another day.  She wanted to enjoy the happiness she’d finally found, if only for a short time.  Their kiss quickly turned to an insatiable hunger.
Aaron pulled back slightly and whispered against her lips.  “Let me show you what love can really be.  That a man can love a woman unselfishly and not betray her.  Let me love you, Danielle.”
“Oh, Aaron.  Yes.”
Danielle pulled Aaron up from the floor and onto her cot.  Her body immediately melted into the contours of his and she felt cradled in his warmth.  Comforted.  Contented.  Loved.  For the first time in her long, long life.

*****

Chapter Seventeen



Danielle understood that these feelings couldn’t last, but she pushed all of those thoughts to the back of her mind, insistent that she would exist in the present, not the future or the past.  For just a little while.  She’d charge it to that credit card of fate and pay for it later.
But fate had other ideas and their lovemaking was suddenly brought to a halt as Vengeance broke through her euphoric state of mind.
We have a breach.  I repeat, we have a breach.  The North side.  I need everyone in full battle mode.  Now.
Steel was on watch duty positioned on the opposite side of the site.  We’ve also got a breach on the South side.  Looks like Tormond himself has graced us with his presence.
Unexpected fear gripped Danielle.  Not for herself, but for Aaron, and he noticed her body suddenly stiffen and grow cold like ice spreading through her veins.
“What is it?  What’s happened?” he demanded with concern.
“They’re here.  Tormond and his demons are here.”  She pushed back from the warmth of his body.  “I have to go.”
As she hurriedly pushed to her feet, he stood and began following her to the door.  She turned to face him stopping his pursuit.
“No.  You stay here where it’s safe.  I won’t let them get to you.”
“In what universe do you think I would actually sit here and cower while my woman goes into battle?  And to protect me, no less.”  He threw his hands up in wonder.
“You don’t know what you’re up against.  They aren’t human.  Even his lowly minions are mindless killing machines.  Promise me you’ll stay here where it’s safe.”
Aaron saw the pleading in her eyes, felt her fear as it coursed through his body like a physical entity.  He met her gaze with resolution, adding as much tenderness and understanding as he could muster.  He knew full well the anxiety she was dealing with at the moment at the thought of losing him.  He was filled with the same and was determined to either live or die with her by his side.  He may be only human, but his determination and protectiveness of her at that moment amped his blood to a boiling point of indestructible euphoria.
“No, I can’t do that.  The warriors have trained me.  I can help.  Besides, they’d find me here anyway.  I’d rather be out there in the thick of it with all of you fighting then stuck here hoping not to be caught alone.  I have to be with you.”
Aaron reached down into his boot and produced a long lethal looking blade.  He smiled wickedly, brandishing the knife with a stern iron grip.
“A gift from Vex,” he answered the questioning look on her face.
Danielle eyed him up and down in strict consideration, concluding he was right.  He looked strong and mentally ready.  She clenched her hands at her side, closed her eyes and prayed it was enough.
Grabbing two fistfuls of the front of his T-shirt, she brought him roughly up against her body, stretching upward on her toes to meet him face to face, and breathily whispered, “Okay.  But don’t get yourself killed.  We have unfinished business.”  Then she kissed him hard, pouring her whole being into the hurried embrace, withdrawing with an auspicious smile.
She drew her magical sword from its sheath, put on her combat-ready game face and moved cautiously but purposely down the hall.  “Let’s go.  Stay with me and don’t leave my side,” she ordered rather fiercely.
“Yes, Dear,” he mocked, following closely on her heels.  He rather liked this strong forceful side of her.
Danielle sensed the demons in the area, feeling the creepy vibrations they emanated and the smell of brimstone, but they were visually nowhere within range.  As they exited the building and rounded the nearest corner, they joined the warriors already engaging the demon horde.  Her senses informed her that the horde was a mix of demons, minions and…was that…yes, a human.  She sensed no evil within the human, which made him no threat.  She wondered what would merit Tormond bringing a human to a fight.  Not that he cared about mortals in the least, but a human wouldn’t stand a chance against the warriors.
Steele wielded his medieval thirty-inch double edged sword with strength and ease, with a fang-filled smile on his handsome face and his stance resembling a child dueling with wooden sticks.  Obviously enjoying himself.  Myste was by his side, complete in gothly robes, her crown of flowing hair pitch as the darkest night as she battled the demon before her.  Aaron watched as she raised her hands causing the terrain to erupt around the vile creature, utterly swallowing it into an earthly prison of dirt, rocks and sand.
Although the healer of the warrior tribe, Emeline was also a trained warrior, sharing the strength of her sisters-in-arms.  She fought side by side with Steele and Myste, brandishing a blade similar to the one that Aaron was gifted with, swinging it in wide arcs and inducing damage to her foe with stunning success.  He only hoped he could rival Emeline’s efforts.
Aaron watched as Danielle leaped into the fray before them.  She was fierce, powerful and absolutely beautiful, clearly in her element.  Her movements were stunning as she masterfully grasped the sword, sweeping it before her as if it were an extension of herself.  This is who she was, he realized.  A warrior.  A protector.  A savior of mankind.  Pride filled him as he contemplated his assault tactics, having never been in this kind of situation before.  He would never have thought that he would be in the midst of a battle.  A medieval style battle, at that.
He looked at the blade in his hands and didn’t know if he could actually maim someone or not.  At least not without provocation.
Danielle easily dispatched the minion who dared to attack her and looked back over her shoulder searching for Aaron’s whereabouts.  She saw him and the minion approaching him at a fast pace.  Fear gripped her as she yelled, “Behind you, Aaron!”
Aaron turned, braced for the attack, but was still contemplating what action to take.  She could actually see the wheels turning over and over in his mind calculating and searching for the best course of action.
Recognizing the habit he had to overthink things, Danielle shouted, “Just hit the motherfucker already!”
Aaron met her eyes for a split second, but it was enough.  She’d understood and given him an alternative.  Resolved, he tossed the blade into his left hand and pulled his right arm back just in time to plow a solid fist into the surprised face of his enemy.  The blow landed him out cold on the ground at his feet.  He heard a hearty ‘Whoo-hoo!’ coming from Danielle’s general direction and smiled knowing the yell of encouragement accompanied the usual arm pump into the air.
He turned toward her and she stood just as he imagined.  Sudden fear gripped him as he looked beyond her only to see an advancing demon bringing down a sword that plunged deeply into her lower back.  As he screamed out her name in warning, he knew it was too late.
It was his fault.  She’d been distracted by him instead of protecting herself.  He felt his whole world darken as he filled with an all-consuming feral rage, the likes of which he had never known.
Rushing to her side, he tossed the blade back into his right hand and thrust into the exposed throat of the demon with all his might.  He knew he was no match for this demon, but didn’t care what happened to him.  He had to keep the evil creature from harming her further.
The demon fell backward with the force of Aaron’s weight slamming into it.  He pulled the knife free and raised it once again plunging into the flesh of the murdering demon again and again.  All thought left him except protecting Danielle.  Steele grabbed Aaron’s arm in mid-swing, stopping his maddening thrusting motion.
“She’s gone.”
Stunned for a moment, Aaron came back to himself, his face contorted with pain while his mind screamed with the realization of Steele’s words.  NOOOO!!!

*****

“Aaron!” Steele yelled in a commanding voice and grabbing him forcefully.  “Not Danielle.  Hanna.  The demon, Hanna.  You killed her.”
 Aaron looked down at the ground expecting to see the lifeless body of the woman…no demon…he had bludgeoned and mutilated in his frenzied fury, but there was nothing there but a large smattering of ash.  What? Where’s the blood?  The body?  He checked himself envisioning his blood-soaked clothing but found no evidence there either.
“Where’d she go?”
“Where all dead little demons go.”  With a nod of his head, Steele added, “Take care of her,” while turning around to rejoin the fight.
Aaron collected himself, remembering the cause of his madness and knelt down reaching for Danielle, finding the evidence of blood he’d been searching for.  He immediately yanked off his shirt and pressed the wadded fabric to her back encompassing the wound, applying pressure to stem the flow.  Once his rage had subsided, he sensed the pain that Danielle was in, not physically, but he just knew the anguish she was feeling.
“Oh God, Danielle.  I’m so sorry.  I’m sooo sorry.  It’s all my fault.”  The panic in his eyes shown like a beacon in the night, but couldn’t cover the wetness that glazed his vision.  He held her head in his lap, smoothing the hair from her eyes.
“No,” she said weakly.  “It’s not your fault.  I should have been paying attention.  I know better.”
“No, I distracted you.”
“Let’s argue later, after I’ve healed a bit.”  Danielle attempted a hollow laugh and a tight smile that quickly turned into a grimace of pain.
Along with a heavy dose of concern, Aaron felt a small amount of relief fill him.  That this wonderful woman could joke at a time like this, was a good indication.
“How bad is it?  What else can I do?”
“You’re the doctor,” she chided weakly.
“Wrong kind of doctor, babe.  And now is not the time to joke about it.”
Suddenly, Emeline was right by their side breathing heavily.  “Hey, girl.  Hang in there.  I’ll do everything I can to alleviate the pain and help you heal.”  Switching her attention to Aaron, she commanded seriously, “Protect us.  Keep them off me while I help her.  She’ll be fine.  I promise.”
Aaron nodded to Emeline and with a last look at his lover’s face, he turned back to the melee that was happening around them.  With his knife in one hand and Danielle’s sword in the other, he was determined to take on anyone or anything that threatened his charges.  He prayed Danielle would be all right because he didn’t know what he would ever do without her now.  
She had become a part of him, as important as the air he breathed.
Emeline lifted Danielle’s shirt, removed Aaron’s makeshift bandage and pressed one hand to her wound at her back and the other to her stomach.  Aaron stole glances as Emeline attempted to heal Danielle, remembering the heat and the prickling sensation he’d felt when she’d healed his ankle.  This time, her hands seemed to glow somewhat and Danielle stirred, wincing in pain.
“I’m sorry for the discomfort, Danielle, but the puncture is deep.  You’ve got quite a bit of internal damage that I must attend to.”
“It’s okay.  I understand.  Do what you need to…and, thank you.”
Emeline smiled then returned her concentration back to the required healing.
Danielle closed her eyes and let her thoughts wonder, trying not to focus on the pain.  She thought of her sister warriors, the ages they had endured and shared together.  She thought of Emeline’s smile and the kindness that seemed to always be evident in her azure eyes.  She not only healed through her herbs, potions and touch but through the interaction, she shared with the other warriors.  Her very nature was calming and healing.  Freya had gotten the gift spot on with this one.
A loud roar filled the air, drawing Danielle back to the present conflict around her.  Vengeance and the others had apparently wreaked havoc on their throng of undesirables and traced across the site to join in on the remaining cleanup.  Once again Vengeance let out a mighty battle cry.
Vex looked out into the melee seeing a familiar face that he remembered from his latest casino visit.  “Hey, College Boy!  Looks like we’re gonna get to dance after all.”  He charged into the fight looking ready to rip someone’s head off with his bare hands and Danielle lost sight of him.
You go, Vex, she thought silently.
The roar emanated from Tormond, his displeasure unmistakable.  “Vengeance!” he bellowed.  His voice dripped with disdain and his eyes radiated hatred.  The malice oozing from his pores was thick like a black oily sludge.
“Face me.  Leader to leader,” Tormond demanded.  “Let us end this battle between us.  The winner takes control of this place.”
Tormond knew he hadn’t much chance left to come out on top of this confrontation.  He decided to take his chances, demi-god against ancient immortal.  The odds were in his favor.
Vengeance was thrumming with the thrill of battle.  He lived for it and missed his kingly conquering Viking days.  His entire body vibrated with an electric energy and his blood boiled and rolled through his veins rushing like a roaring river wild.  Arrogance ruled and refused to let him back down from the challenge Tormond had issued, even though the warriors already had the upper hand and control of the dig site.  Their victory at this point was assured.
He stood proudly in his formidable stance.  His long blonde hair flying over his broad shoulders, brilliant crystal blue/gray eyes shining like diamonds in the dark, fangs extended in his confident poised smile, covered in the blood of others and his broad sword resting downward in his powerful grip.  Vengeance was a sight to be awed and revered.
Stan stood beside Tormond ready to defend his employer.  He wasn’t quite sure what all of this was about, but he’d seen things tonight that curled his toes and would give him nightmares for ages to come.  People turning to ash, disappearing from one place to the other in the blink of an eye, eyes glowing demon red and torturous weapons that he thought only existed in museums.  People.  That was a loose term.  He wasn’t exactly sure what some of them were and was afraid to ask.  The overly large man Tormond had confronted was anything but human.  And those fangs...  My God, what is he?  A vampire or something?
Stan looked inquisitively at Tormond, fearing for his employer’s safety.  He had no idea how to protect him against the threat at hand.  Even with his many years of experience, his bodyguard skills did not prepare him for anything like this.  
Without looking at Stan, Tormond kept his voice low and instructed, “You stay here.  No matter what happens.  You’re no good to me dead.”
Stan had his eyes transfixed on the enemy and failed to notice Tormond’s own set of pointy dental work protruding from under his upper lip.
“Aw.  Now you’re speaking my language, demi-god.  I’ll be happy to end your miserable existence and that of your father, as well.”
Tormond masked his secret relief that Vengeance had accepted his challenge.  He’d lost most of his crew, including that worthless Hanna, and it was his last chance to turn this conflict around to his advantage and please his father.  He didn’t want to think about what Loki would do to him if he failed this time.  Even though he was disappointed that he wouldn’t get to flay Hanna alive as he was looking forward to doing, since that traitorous human had managed to do a decent job of it for him, he just might let the archeologist live.  Maybe.
“It’s agreed then.”Tormond attempted to take advantage by immediately tracing directly in front of Vengeance, weapon at the ready to take his head.  But a vampire as old as Vengeance couldn’t be tricked so easily.  Demi-god or not, Vengeance was not intimidated and had learned a few ruses over the centuries.  He was ready for anything Tormond intended to throw his way.
In the split second, it took for Tormond to rematerialized in front of him, Vengeance traced back behind Tormond, wrapping his arm around his neck in a crushing manner that would have instantly killed a normal male and placing the tip of his sword at his throat.  A rivulet of blood trickled downward.  Tormond countered the attack with a menacing blow to his solar plexus causing Vengeance to stumble backward several yards, releasing his hold.  Tormond turned to face his foe, swiping a finger at the blood slowly seeping from his neck and viciously licking it from his appendage, while bringing his own sword up into play and lunging.
Vengeance recovered quickly and met Tormond’s advances, defensively parrying his strikes.  He then moved evasively by dropping his agile body beneath Tormond’s stealthy weapon, bracing himself on the ground with his free hand and plunging his sword arm forward, angling for his enemies ribs.  Tormond thwarted his attack but not without severe injury.
Stan watched as Tormond slouched over and touched his stomach, his hand came away covered in crimson blood.  Without thought for his own safety, Stan rushed toward his boss, his friend, the man who he respected as the father he’d never had.  He had to save him at all costs.  But as he drew closer, Tormond waved him off.
Vengeance observed the exchange between Tormond and his bodyguard.  “I think it’s time to throw in the towel, Tormond.  You’re damaged goods.  Give up and change your ways before I have to put an end to you.  I’m sure the Gods will be forgiving after the proper punishment has been meted out.”
“I won’t give up so easily, warrior.  I happen to like my life the way it is and intend to keep it that way.  You will not take my head.”  Tormond managed to stand fully erect and raise his sword.  His arm containing a slight tremor at the effort.  “Ready when you are,” he taunted with more conviction in his voice than he felt.  He was determined that if he died this day, it would be bravely.
“As you wish,” Vengeance responded and advanced on him once again.
They continued to spar once more with brutal, vicious blow after blow.  Tormond’s strength draining away as the blood flowed freely from his wound.  His failure to feed before the battle was taking its toll on his body, weakening him and slowing his ability to heal.  Like a vicious cycle, he needed blood to heal and to stop the blood that was currently steadily coursing down his body.
Tormond stumbled, falling to one knee, unable to muster the strength required to bring himself back to his feet.  His heaving chest and labored breathing now more painful than not.  He’d fought a good fight and knew his time had finally come.  Accepting his fate, he sighed with relief that he would not have to face Loki, ever again.
“Finish it then, warrior.”
“As you wish,” Vengeance replied gravely, and raising his arm back at chest level, he made ready to thrust his sword directly through Tormond’s heart.
“No!”  Stan roared and propelled himself between the beaconing sword and Tormond’s withering body.

*****

Loki didn’t understand why he had done it.  Tormond certainly didn’t deserve the gift he’d bestowed.  He wasn’t pure evil after all.  Being the god of mischief and malice didn’t mean he was completely heartless, although cruelty did occupy a large part of his existence.  Mirth often filled the corners of his life at someone else’s expense.
Maybe it was the unusual human-like torment that he saw on Tormond’s face or the un-god-like beseeching clearly demonstrated in his crystal ice blue eyes.  Or maybe it was the begging and imploring verbiage spewing from his anguished lips.  And for someone other than himself.  Strange that.  A human-esque sight Loki never thought to behold from his half human son.  Well, there wasn’t much of that human part left, which suited Loki just fine.  What did he care?  The better to do his bidding.
He was aware of the loyalty and fondness Tormond’s human servant had portrayed for his son.  He had watched Stan’s devotion and allegiance on more than one occasion.  Such commitment would even serve him well, should his son fail, as he expected.  So, when Tormond had suddenly appeared and pleaded with Loki to save the human and reward the sacrifice of his life for his son’s with immortality, it wasn’t such a hard decision to make, as Loki himself would benefit from such a resolution.  But Tormond need not know the truth of it.
He watched now as Tormond sat very near his newly transformed underling’s prone body, still shuddering from the violent alteration that had taken hold of his body.  Loki had never mastered the ritual created by Odin for his warriors and their secret brotherhood.  He cared not for the pain it caused when completed hastily.  It wasn’t his pain to deal with, so he chose the simplest path and plowed through the process as quickly as possible.  To him, it was a simple procedure of reciting the required ritualistic words in a hurried mechanical manner, draining a portion of their essence, or soul, and depositing a small part of his own within them.  Odin was too soft, making a big deal of the transformation with his warriors by dragging the process out over a matter of hours.  Maybe it even had something to do with which God you shared your essence with, but again, Loki didn’t care.
At least the seizing has stopped, Tormond thought.  I’ll never live this down with my father.  He’ll hold the begging over my head for eternity.  But I don’t regret it.  Stan is almost like a son to me.  He’s certainly the son I’ll never have.  Unless you were a God, chain bonding and a blessing from the Goddess of Fertility, herself, was the only way to conceive once becoming immortal.  Did he consider ever taking such a step?  Would he ever find that one true mate to satisfy him for the rest of his days?  Would Freya give her blessing for him to bring forth a child?
No, no and hell no!
He imagined the only thing Freya would be granting him ever would be the size of the stick she impaled his swollen bodiless head on.  No, he’d chosen his path long ago and banished all thoughts of love and family from his life in exchange for his immortality and power.  Power was the only constant in his existence, along with the need for more and more.
Stan was the closest thing to family he had.  He’d had plans to reward Stan’s loyalty with this gift of immortality, petitioning Loki to make the change, but just not so soon.  He would have preferred to ease him into the idea, but circumstances and time were not on his side and he’d had to beg his father to transform him.  He had never begged his father for anything.  Stupid, stupid, Stan.  You shouldn’t have run in front of me.  Although, I am grateful.  His thoughts continued to flutter and buzz around his brain frantically like a lightning bug caught in a mason jar.  How will Stan take the news?  He will be completely blindsided with what he’s about to learn.
“What news?  Did you say I’m blind?  I’m not blind…”
Tormond turned his already healed body to face his friend and realized that he’d have to block his thoughts from him now.  Stan didn’t notice that Tormond hadn’t spoken the words aloud.
“How do you feel?  And no, you’re not blind.  As a matter of fact, you’re better than ever now and will feel more than one hundred percent within a few more hours.”
Stan remained lying in the makeshift bed but cautiously patted himself down and glanced down his own body.  “I’m not sure.  I feel strange.  Strong, yet like I’m burned on the inside.”
“That will pass soon and you’ll feel like a new man,” Tormond assured, the irony not lost on him.
Stan remembered his injury but felt nothing.  He ran his hands along his chest, surprised and confused that there was no pain or even a wound.  “But I was wounded.  I’m sure of it.  That thing…whatever it was…stabbed me with his sword.  I know I’m not imagining it.”  He shuddered recalling the sight of the large man/vampire standing menacingly with pink tinged fangs and murderous piercing eyes.  His gaze rose to meet Tormond’s.  “How can this be?”
Loki’s mischievous laughter assaulted them from across the room.  “I’ll leave this mess for you to clean up.  Good luck with that,” he said sarcastically and then vanished into thin air.
The expression Stan wore on his face was beginning to look somewhat terrified, his eyes widening ever further as Tormond leaped into his explanation.  He couldn’t avoid it any longer.
Using his usual dramatic flair, Tormond looked directly at Stan and projected his thoughts.  You died saving me, Stan, but you’re not dead now.  I asked my father to save you, to make you like me…like those people we were fighting today…immortal.
Slowly, realization enlightened Stan and the reactions showed clearly on his pale, strained face.  Shock replaced the terror that had previously ruled.  Then wonder, as thoughts whirled through his overloaded mind.
What is he talking about? This can’t be.  It’s impossible.  But Mr. T wouldn’t tell me something like this unless it was true.  And I have no reason to doubt him.  He’s always been good to me.
And finally, acceptance.
Wow, immortal.  I can’t die.  I’ll live forever.  Oh, my God.  I’ll live forever…
Tormond patiently listened in while Stan worked through his thoughts of what was happening to him.  He knew there would be a million endless questions to answer soon enough.
“Being transformed doesn’t mean you can’t die, Stan.  But you have a better chance at beating the odds.  You’ll heal faster if wounded and injuries or illnesses that would end the life of a human won’t affect you any longer.  But, should you sustain major injuries that you are too weak or can’t heal fast enough from, or if your heart is punctured or your head removed, you will cease to exist and turn into a pile of gray ash to float away on the wind.”
Ashes to ashes.
As Tormond watched his reaction, he could see the rage transforming on his face.  His normally serious sky blue eyes turned to hardened crystal daggers that Tormond felt straight through the walls of his chest as if they’d physically made contact with his skin.  He knew he had to be cautious with Stan and try to maintain some level of calmness.  Stan did not realize how strong he was now and even though Tormond was stronger and more powerful, he didn’t want to cause Stan further pain in trying to contain him.
Stan quickly sat up.  “Wait, wait, wait…you said like them.  I saw their fangs.  Are you telling me that I’m a vampire?  That you’re a vampire?!”
 “Yes, Stan.  That’s exactly what I’m saying.  But you’re not only a vampire.  You’re stronger and possess powers that you’ve never dreamed of.”
“What about blood?  I won’t drink blood.”  He seemed adamant on that point.
“Actually, you will.”  There was no cruelty or sarcasm in his tone.  Tormond simply wanted to impart the truth.  He hoped Stan would accept his fate and even come to be grateful for it one day.
“You won’t be able to help yourself.  You can fight it, but the craving will eventually win.  And you will enjoy it.”  Tormond paused, trying to find another approach but coming up blank.  “There’s a lot to learn and adapt to.  Just take it slowly.  I promise everything will be all right.”
Stan continued to sit.  His shoulders slumped in defeat, looking very dejected.  Hopeless.
“I’m sorry, Stan, if I’ve given you something that you didn’t want.  There was no time and I couldn’t let you die in my place like that.  Even though you may hate me now for what I’ve done to you, please know that I am grateful and will forever be in your debt.”
“I understand, Mr. T, and I don’t hate you or blame you.  I know you did what you thought was right and for the right reasons, even if it may not have been right for me.  Just give me some time to get used to all this.”  Then with disgust, “I’m still not drinking blood from…humans.  Can I use animals instead?”
“You can, but it’s not as nourishing and tastes disgusting.”  Tormond made a tortured face while chills and shivers raced throughout his body like someone had dragged their nails across a blackboard.
“I saw a movie once where they drank bagged blood.  Can I do that?”
“Yes, you can, but you’ll be missing out on the euphoria of taking a young woman in your arms and quenching yourself fully in all her body has to offer.  Plus, you’ll need to have sex regularly to feed off the woman’s aura.”
Stan couldn’t miss the dreamy, faraway look in Tormond’s eyes as if he was reliving a specific memorable experience.  Still, he didn’t think he’d be able to harm a person in such a way.  He was strong and had faced adversity throughout his life.  This would just be one more challenge to overcome.  He refused to become the monster that he now imagined Tormond to be.
Yea, he thought to himself.  Just another hurdle…

*****

Post battle cleanup was somewhat extensive.  Dead demons may turn to ash and drift away into the salty sea air, but the minions had to be disposed of.  Vengeance, Steele and Vex traced in and out of the ghastly scene depositing the mutilated remains deep into the nearby frost covered forest.  If they were ever found, it would appear that a wild brown bear or polar bear had attacked and mauled them.  Humans out that far into the wilderness could only be up to no good and probably were illegally poaching.   Myste lent a hand with a small rainstorm, her mane no longer jet black, now a mélange of blonde and purple, twirling like a mini tornado.  She cackled with glee as the wind and rain washed away the residue, leaving no evidence that a battle had ever transpired in this peaceful little place by the sea.
The few crew members currently on staff at the dig site were easily compelled to forget anything they may have seen, including the warriors’ presence and even Aaron’s short term return.  His assistant, Jake, now believed Aaron to still be back in Oregon and nothing out of the ordinary had ever transpired.  Unfortunately, in the short time they were at the site, there was still no evidence of the EOD.
The victory was bittersweet with Tormond’s unforeseen escape.  When he looked like he had reached the end of his rope, the sacrifice of his bodyguard seemed to rejuvenate his strength and tied a preverbal knot into it.  He found some reserved power deep down inside his cursed existence.  The battleground had grown silent as Tormond grasped the human in his arms and roared with mighty hatred at the warriors.  He silently commanded Heidi and Holden to join him, then without warning, he traced the group, along with the dead human, away to safety.
Vengeance hadn’t meant to kill the human male.  He had sensed no evil or threat in the man.  His blow was intended for the malicious demi-god that had challenged him.  His only regret was that the man had prevented him from delivering the deadly blow.  The man, himself, got what he deserved by his own actions.  He must have been mad.  No one in their right mind would have sacrificed themselves for such a vile monster as Tormond, not even his own demons.  He lured them all into his service with the promise of immortality, which they unknowingly would never achieve.  He wondered just what it would take for Tormond to actually allow another to be transformed.
As soon as they boarded the jet, Vengeance contacted Thunder about sending out a team to Vegas for recon purposes.  He should also check with Zahara, in case she had any visions or wisdom to throw in the mix.  The warriors needed to stay on top of this and in control of the situation, least it somehow backfire on them.  It was certainly no time to not keep their guard up.
Luckily, the human in their care had come away unscathed.  He had to once again return with them to their base of operation.  That had not been the original plan.  They had hoped to locate the EOD or some evidence leading to its whereabouts then intended to wipe his memory and let him carry on as before once they made sure he was safe.  Vengeance knew this attraction between Aaron and Danielle couldn’t go on much longer.  He was afraid that she was already going to pay a heavy price and he didn’t want to see her suffer such a loss.  Not much could be done about it right now, though.  With a sigh, he sat back in his oversized seat and closed his weary eyes.
Emeline peaked into the bed chamber of the jet where Aaron held Danielle while she rested and continued healing.  She’d done all she could in healing Danielle, but her serious injuries still needed some time to completely mend.  Resting on the flight home should do it.  With their fast healing abilities, the remaining warriors were able to mend their abrasions without intervention.  Seeing that Danielle was resting comfortably with her head on Aaron’s chest, Emeline softly reclosed the door to the chamber, giving them privacy.
Danielle stirred and tilted up her face to look at Aaron.  His sense of remorse coursed through her so strongly she couldn’t ignore it.  Along with that seemed to be a feeling of resolve, which made her uneasy.
“Please stop blaming yourself,” she pleaded.
“I can’t.  Every time I think of how close I came to losing you…”
“But you didn’t.  It’s over now.  I’m still  here.  You’re still here.”  Little did he know all she meant by that statement.  Her next flight home should have been without him, leaving him behind with no memory left of her.  But fate had given her a reprieve, at least for now.
“Yes, thank God for that,” he sighed.  “I’ve come to a decision and I need to know what you think, Danielle.”
His statement made her very apprehensive.  Here was the resolution she’d been dreading.  How could he make such a decision when he didn’t have all the facts to work with?  Of course, he didn’t know that he was missing a huge piece of the pie that he was partaking of.  But she was bound  by her oath for all eternity.  He knew too much already for his own good.
She pasted on a slight smile, bit the loaded bullet and responded as lightly as she could bear, “What decision might that be?”
“I’m going to quit my job.  Yes, I am,” he said with conviction, nodding to himself.
As she sat up to look him square in the face, he continued, “I’m going to quit my job and stay with you.”
“But Aaron, you can’t!  You love your job.  It is your dream and you worked so hard to get where you are.  You love what you do.”
“Yes, I do.  But I don’t have to do it for the university.  I can research and commit myself to helping your people find the relics you need to put Loki out of business.”
As she stared dumbstruck at him, she thought, Oh, Goddess.  If only.
“Marry me, Danielle.  Be my wife.  Let me stay with you and love you.  I know it won’t be forever.  I know that if I’m lucky enough to have this time with you, I’ll grow old and die someday, but I want whatever time I can get with you.   I’ve been alone all my life and I know now it was because I was waiting for you.”
He tenderly cupped her face in his hands, kissing away the salty tears that escaped down the sides of her face.
“I feel it so surely…like it’s the answer I’ve been searching for and didn’t even know the question until you came into my life.  I’m so attuned to you.  I even feel you wanting this, too, but it’s clouded by reservation.  How is it that I can feel and know these things if we’re not meant to be?”
“Oh Aaron, I don’t know what to say.”  For surely, she did feel those things and her mind was filled with conflict and confusion.
“Then just say ‘Yes’.”  His eyes implored her.
She had to make him understand somehow that this was impossible, but she didn’t have the strength left within her to do it, so she decided to compromise for the moment.
“Aaron, please listen…and know that I want the same things you do.  It’s just not that simple, love.  I wish it were, but it’s not.  I have to ask you to give me a little time.  I have an idea, but I don’t know…,” her voice trailed off, without finishing her thought aloud.
Aaron sought her eyes, seeing the truth of her words in them, he acquiesced. 
“Okay, I understand.  I really shouldn’t have put you through this now.  You’re still recovering and I wasn’t thinking clearly.  Forgive me.  I guess I just panicked at the thought of almost losing you.  As long as I know you’ll consider it, I can wait a while longer.”  He paused, placing light teasing kisses from one corner of her mouth to the other.  “I love you, Danielle.”
“I promise not to make you wait too much longer.  I love you, too, Aaron.  More than you know.”
She did have an idea in mind.  It was a long shot, but being a demi-goddess and the daughter of Freya should have some kind of perk to go along with it.  She’d never used her clout for anything – ever.  It was time to see just what her lineage was actually worth.  She was going to do something she’d never done before – pay an unexpected visit to mom.

*****

Chapter Eighteen



She was summoned to Loki’s Temple.  Contact with her father was not unusual as they had a fairly comfortable relationship, but normally he preferred to mind link with her.  There they would enjoy the pretense of a peaceful meal and she would share the latest happenings of her life; how ruthless she was in her recent business dealings, whom she was corrupting, and whom she was able to blackmail and practically enslave to do her bidding.  The more powerful the person, the better for her to be able to use for her own desires and gain.
She entered his private quarters as requested.  She liked to dress for her father, wearing the traditional long, flowing robes that accented her perfect curves in all the right places and leaving very little to the imagination where her generous breasts were concerned.  Her long jet black hair flowed over her slender shoulders of soft, flawless alabaster skin, dropping in brilliant waves that stretched down to her full hips, brushing against them seductively.  She kicked off the sandals she wore near the arched entrance and glided across the spacious room, her smile fully radiating the excitement she felt in being called to her father’s presence.  She adored and aspired to be just like him.
She found Loki sitting in his majestic chair that was a close match, but slightly smaller, to his actual throne which stood in his ornate throne room.  He sat behind an equally impressive desk and smiled brightly when she came upon him.
“Lustra, my dear, dear daughter.”
“Hello, Father.  I’ve come as you bid of me.  Thank you for allowing me to visit.”  Her voice was silky smooth and sweet, like a melody on the wind.  So unlike her usual demeanor, but seeing her father also put her in a good mood.
“Now, now, Lustra.  You know you are always welcome here.  I’m so happy you came.”
She bowed her head in reverence.  He may be her father, but he was still the God of Deceit and worthy of her worship and admiration.
“Come, I have a gift for you,” he said as he stood and took her arm, leading her through a small anteroom and into a lushly decorated lounge.
There, resting on a red velvet settee with gold gilded edges was one of the most beautiful men she’d ever seen.  Dressed merely in a loin cloth that left little to the imagination, barely concealing his manly bits, his perfectly proportioned body was draped leisurely across the extravagant divan.  His well-defined chest moved up and down in a steady rhythm as he reposed comfortably.  He had hair of golden sunshine to match the tone of his skin that had been kissed by the sun.  His muscular arms were stretched above his head and held magically secured, as she was sure the rest of him was, leaving him in a tranquil, although helpless, position and at her mercy to do with as she pleased.  Perfect in every way.  Perfect for her.  Lustra’s eyes, the color of the deepest ocean depths, flashed brightly with her approval.
“Oh, Father.  How wonderful.  You’ve brought me a blood slave.”  She clapped her hands together and did a quick little skipping dance like a small child might do when delighted.  “And a quite handsome one, at that,” she added as she got closer and felt her hunger rising.  
She threw her arms around his neck and pressed a soft kiss to his cheek.  Loki reciprocated by hugging her back around her waist.  He loved seeing and making her happy.  Of all of his children over the many, many years, she was his favorite child, after all.  Only the favored few were worthy of his gift of immortality and not all of those were able to remain in his good graces and keep the status.
“What did I ever do to deserve such a gift?” she inquired.  Lustra was never suspicious of Loki’s motives.  She’d seen him interact with some of his other offspring and he could be malicious and cruel at times, but never with her.  And she agreed with him on his choice of punishments.  They always deserved whatever he bestowed on them.
He pulled back from her and grasped her smaller hands in his.  “It’s not what you’ve done, but what you are going to do, my love.”
“Anything for you, Father.  What will you have of me?”
Loki saw the sincerity in her face, how she hung on his every word.  Why hadn’t he given this important responsibility to her in the first place?  He should have never trusted it to Tormond.  Normally, Tormond pleased him, even if he had to coax it out of him at times via painful mind links.  But Lustra never disappointed.  She was definitely her father’s daughter.
“Thank you, Daughter.  I knew I could count on you most of all.  Your earthly sibling, Tormond, has fallen short too often of late.  I’m afraid his immortality may be coming to an end very soon.”
Oh shit!  Lustra knew how to read between the Loki-lines.  The look on his face told all.  Tormond had pissed Loki off one too many times and he was toast - literally.  Oh well, she mentally shrugged.  His tough luck.  So long, brother mine.  Ashes to ashes and all that.
“I love how you think, daughter,” he chortled loudly.  “You’re so witty!”
Oops.
“It’s great to see you laugh, Father.  So glad I could be the cause,” she laughed in return, then added more seriously, “Of course, you know I will do whatever you need me to do.”
“Yes, you will,” he said confidently.  “Now, let me explain what I need and how we shall go about getting it…”
Sometime later, as Lustra stroked and feasted on her scrumptious delicacy, courtesy of her father, she began plotting and planning, not only taking over Tormond’s Las Vegas operation, but in retrieving the three lost relics so Loki could take his much-desired place of power among the Gods, and wiping those pesky warriors off the face of the earth.  All she needed to do was find the Eye of Odin, the Heart of Hope and Spear of Truth before they did.  She relished the challenge before her and would pay her brother a visit very soon.

*****

“I hope you don’t mind that I invited a few of the others to join us tonight.”
Zahara leaned into where Danielle and Aaron were seated, patiently waiting for the details of what tonight’s ritual would consist of.  Aaron hoped it wasn’t anything too painful, if painful at all.  He really didn’t care whether they discovered the cause, or the solution for that matter, of the mystery surrounding the binding chain that he still wore about his neck.  It suited him just fine.  Especially if it meant that he’d be able to keep his connection with Danielle, which was all he currently cared about.
“No, it’s fine with me,” Danielle answered sedately as she watched several of her fellow warriors file into the conference room they presently occupied.
Aaron nodded in agreement.
As he looked around the room, he noted the table and some surrounding surfaces were meticulously cluttered with varying styles, sizes and colors of candles.  To his untrained eye, they seemed haphazardly gathered and strewn about, but he suspected their disbursement was purposeful and each was placed to enhance the ritual about to commence.  There was no additional lighting in the midsized chamber and images of spooky séances from horror movies past slipped through his befuddled mind.  He’d never admit it, but he was a little spooked himself.  Of course, he loved solving puzzles, learning about the past and uncovering historical relics and facts.  As an archeologist, it was his nature.  But this hit too close to home.  This was about him and he was pretty sure that whatever was about to take place was going to happen to him.
Greetings were exchanged and everyone seated themselves around the table.  The mood seemed to be one of reverence and silence, so much so that it was almost stifling until their last two guests arrived.
Without noticing the quiet disposition of the room, Steele spouted, “And that’s when I told him, ‘Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental.’”
“And of course, he thought you were just insulting him,” Turbo responded.
Both warriors guffawed loudly until they looked around them, suddenly clamping down on their private party.
“Oh shit.  Sorry everyone.  Didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“No problem.  We were just about to start,” Zahara offered.  “Please come in and have a seat.  I want to explain a little of what we’re going to try to accomplish tonight.  I’m not sure exactly what will happen, if anything, but with your support, I’m sure we can handle it.  Not that it’s dangerous.”   She paused as a look of thoughtfulness flashed across her face.  “At least I don’t believe it isn’t,” she said in a lower, slightly murmured tone.
Thunder was among the observers, deciding this experiment was too important to not warrant his personal attention.  “What kind of danger do you expect?”
“I don’t expect any.  Really.  Let me explain and then I can answer any questions you all may have.”
With murmurs of consent and nods around the room, she continued, “There is unsubstantiated evidence that Aaron may be the descendant of Alarr Janssen, Danielle’s former chain bonded mate.”
“I know of what evidence you speak, Zahara, but I believe it would be best if you explained it to the group,” Thunder stated.
“Simply put, an old and very dated blood sample that was taken from the chain, one we assume is Alarr’s blood, matches Aaron’s blood sample, almost identically.”
“Yes,” Steele added.  “Along with the tests that Emeline and Annika ran, Turbo and I both sampled the blood via taste and smell, and we agree with the females’ assessment.”
Turbo nodded, adding his agreement to Steele’s.  “Yes, surprisingly similar.”
Zahara continued, “Because of this possibility, we’re trying to attempt something called a Descendants Ritual.  It has also been called Ancestry Worship or Ancestry Veneration.  It is believed that departed ancestors have the ability to communicate with the living through dreams and by possessing their descendants.  This ritual is usually used by many Earthly religions to guide the descendant’s path in life and even stems from some of our own Nordic roots.  We’re not assured of any success because this ritual usually only reaches a more recent ancestor.  On average, a departed ancestor will take about one to three generations to lose attachment to his previous life on Earth before he is unreachable.  One generation can be taken as roughly thirty years.  In other words, people are most affected by the generations that pertain from their parents to great-grandparents.  Of course, we’re way off course for such a time period here, but we’re hoping that because Alarr was brought over and made immortal at one time, that we might have better odds of reaching him.  Hope is all we have at this point.”
“Excuse me, but just how exactly do you plan to do this?” Aaron asked, swallowing audibly and looking a bit peaked.
“Don’t worry, Aaron.  I promise you’ll be safe and there should be no pain involved.  Not from the research I’ve conducted.  You will simply enter a dream state and should wake feeling rested and well.  Kind of like hypnosis,” she said with a flourished wave of her hand in the air.
Kind of like a test subject, Aaron thought.
“And besides, I’m here to make sure it all goes well,” Emeline added.
“And me,” said Annika.
Having seen them in action, Aaron acknowledged that Emeline and Annika’s attributes of healing and magic could be helpful.  He relaxed a bit as Danielle encircled his hand in hers under the table.  She’d been quiet until now, but he could almost hear her mentally convincing herself that everything would be all right.  Strange that.
He gave her a knowing smile whispering, “It will be fine.”
Danielle had that watched feeling again.  But I shouldn’t have it.  That only happens at the dig site.  No spectral being could enter here without all hell breaking loose.  It’s got to be the eeriness of this whole ritual thing.  I must be imagining it due to the stress of the situation.  Yea, that’s it.
“If there are no more questions, let’s begin.  Everyone please gather closer to the table and join hands.”  Turning toward the test subject she said, “Aaron, I need you to lie up on the table on your back, please.”
Danielle gave his hand one last squeeze and, as gracefully as possible, Aaron climbed on top of the conference table, taking his position between the circle of candles placed there.
Zahara noticed Aaron’s awkwardness as she placed a silk pillow underneath his head.  “Good,” she whispered to him.  “Just place your hands wherever you’re most comfortable and try to relax.  This shouldn’t take long.”
“Is it okay if I stand here?” Danielle asked, taking up a position near Aaron’s head.
“Yes, that would great.”  Then she added for her ears only, In case we need you, too.
Danielle silently let Zahara know she understood.
As everyone settled into their positions, Aaron thought the scene resembled a séance from childhood and wondered when they would all stick their digits underneath the edge of his prone body and start chanting ‘Light as a feather, stiff as a board.’  Only this wasn’t spooky fun and certainly nothing to laugh about.
Instead of the juvenile game, Zahara began to chant in earnest, “We remember.  We remember.  Nothing is ever lost.  Nothing is ever forgotten.  Ancestors, draw near and bless this gathering.  Hear us, Old Ones, our ancestors and kin.  You whose blood flows in our veins.  From far beyond this mortal plane, mothers and fathers of old, we ask that you return again, to share with us the mysteries and secrets long untold.  Be with us here tonight.”
A mystic wind swept through the room, flickering the flames of the many candles, but strangely not extinguishing them.  The wind wasn’t chilling cold as one might expect, but oddly comforting and soothing as it flowed through the air, swirling around all present.  Everyone turned their heads in Myste’s direction with looks of accusation.
“Wasn’t me,” she sing-songed with conviction.  “I swear.”
But Aaron didn’t hear Myste.  He no longer saw the warriors and candles that bordered him.  He was lost in the atmosphere that shrouded him, drifting into a soundless, sightless state that resembled a deeper sleep than he’d ever experienced.  With no thought, no feeling.  Only absolute rest.
Zahara peered at Aaron and, pleased with his state of being, continued the chant.  “We gather here this night to ask the father of Aaron, Alarr, to make yourself known.  Alarr, if you be the father we seek, speak to us now.”
To everyone’s surprise, Aaron calmly and gracefully rose from his prone form into a sitting position with his legs crossed yoga style in front of him, hands resting palm upward on his knees as if he were meditating.  His face showed no lingering of the trance-like guise he previously wore, but his features did seem to waver slightly, giving the illusion of melding or transitioning slightly into another face altogether, then fading, never quite setting in stone.  He said nothing but searched the faces that encircled him.
Zahara caught his attention with a look and spoke directly to him.  “Who are you?”
“I am Alarr, an Officer in the service of the Freyodin Warriors.  I know not you, but I see my Danielle is here to greet me.”
His voice held the same gruffness Danielle remembered, but he looked like Aaron, mostly.  The entity seemed to have taken possession of this vessel that was offered to him.  Except for his eyes.  They were still blue but lacked the deep drowning blue quality that Aaron’s held.  She found it unnerving to address Aaron in this manner.  Confusion as to whom she actually spoke played havoc in her head flashing old and new memories alike.  She didn’t quite know who, what or how to address the presence before her.
“Yes, I am here,” she said weakly.  That was all she could manage.  As she realized just who it was she was really talking to, hurtful memories crowded the corners of her mind.  Her facial features and heart hardened to a degree she never thought possible.
How dare he call me ‘his Danielle.’
Still, she knew it wouldn’t be prudent to piss off Alarr now.  There would be nothing gained from alienating him, so she metaphorically bit her tongue, although she wasn’t sure just where the initiative came from to perform such a feat.  Her entire being wanted to give him the tongue lashing he so righteously desired.  She so hoped that he didn’t share a mind link with her now that he’d reentered the mortal plane or her thoughts would surely send him right back to the grave.  Where he belongs.
Alarr didn’t react to her well-hidden hostility.  He looked at her with the same innocence he did years before, but with a slight variation.
“You hide it well, Danielle, but I can see the hurt you hold within you.  My coming here has two purposes.  First, to tell you that I was wrong and what I did to you was unforgivable, although my actions were driven by more ignorance than greed.  I never meant you harm and never meant to cause you so many years of suffering.  I beseech you to forgive me, but will hold you blameless if you cannot.”  He held out the hand he embodied to her.
Fury and hurt warred within her, eventually turning to acceptance.  She’d been mad far too long.  It was time to let it go.  She could never move forward until she let go of the past and to let go, she had to forgive.  Danielle softened and accepted his peace offering, expecting to feel Aaron’s hand within her own, and astonished to recognize Alarr’s touch through the vessel.  She gasped at the realization which caused Alarr to smile.  A smile she knew from a past long ago.  She had no doubt of who was before her at that moment.
Alarr looked her in the eyes, placed a light kiss in the palm of her hand and bowed his head in supplication.  Satisfied, he then turned back to Zahara.
“My second purpose in answering your call tonight is to confirm that Aaron is my son of many generations.”  He looked around the circle of warriors.  “Some of your faces I remember.  Others are new to me.  Know this about my son, Aaron: I feel the affection he has for my Danielle within him.  Know that he is true, faithful and good of spirit.  A noble warrior he would make.”
He turned once again to Danielle, his countenance beginning to waver and his eyes began to darken to a hue of deep cerulean.  “I haven’t much time left.  Be good to each other.  Tell him he has my blessing,” he whispered to her as his eyes closed and Aaron’s body slouched back to the table beneath him.  Turbo and Steele both reached out to soften the impact of Aaron hitting the table.
“Thank you, Alarr, Forefather of Aaron,” Zahara intoned.  “The winds of time have carried you to this place.  We have been honored by your company.  Depart now in peace until we meet again.”
That same mystic wind returned, sweeping through the room, this time extinguishing the flickering flames of the candles scattered about and the room was pitched into darkness.
“I’ve got the lights,” someone said and the room brightened around them.
“Well, that clinches it.  We’ve got our answer now.”
“Not hardly, Myste,” Makayla said.  “The only thing we know for sure now is that this is definitely Alarr’s chain and Aaron is definitely his descendant.”
“Close, but not quite,” Zahara cut in.  “My best educated guess it that the chain simply acknowledges Aaron is Alarr due to their relation.  I’m starting to think we may never get it off of his neck – for that reason alone.”  She turned to her friend, “I’m really sorry, Danielle.”
Danielle thought for a moment and looked down at Aaron still snoozing peacefully on the conference table.  Annika had kindly conjured up a soft surface for him and replaced the pillow beneath his head.
“No, it’s okay.”  Then she addressed the remaining group.  “Thank you, everyone, for supporting us in our time of need.”
Danielle sighed as she sat back into her chair pondering how she felt.  Was she defeated?  What did she really want to come out of all of this?  She reeled as the realization that she had in fact been hiding her true feelings smacked her in the face.  Deep down, she had known she was fooling herself, but to finally admit it was somehow freeing in a major way, as if something that was closed off inside her for too long had opened wide, letting in a life-giving breath of fresh air.
“Aaron doesn’t look to being awake anytime soon,” she said as she rose from her chair and started for the door, “and, if you’ll excuse me…I’ve got an errand to run.”
Thunder noted that she said the last with definitive conviction and a look of determination on her face.
Emeline gently grabbed her arm.  “You’re not doing what I think you’re doing…are you?”
“Yea, I think maybe I am.”

*****

She knew her mind was made up as she raced into the woods toward her destination.    There was no turning back now.  She was willing to do whatever it took, take whatever time she could take, give up whatever she had to give up.  To be with Aaron.  Forever now meant nothing if she had to spend it alone.  Eight hundred years was enough.  She wouldn’t settle for being content.  She couldn’t go on and on without love like she had before.  She knew what she was giving up and it didn’t matter.  Not one little bit.
Aaron would, of course, be livid if he knew what she planned to do, but what he didn’t know now, wouldn’t hurt him.  Sometimes it’s better to ask forgiveness than permission.  Nice motto, that one.  She’d have to incorporate more of that within her new life.  If Freya would give it to her, that is.
She located the portal hidden within the woods, visible only to her kind.  It was at the base of an old Ponderosa pine tree.  Sometimes she loved to sit and lean against the trunk among the deep-seated roots and fallen needles to relax after a stressful mission, allowing her mind to wander and be free.  This time, as she knelt at the base of her comfortable old friend, she prepared her mind for a different kind of journey.  And if all went well, it would be her last time to make this particular trip.
She closed her eyes and envisioned her destination – Valhalla – and more specifically, her mother’s domain that she occupied when staying in Asgard.  Tracing short distances from place to place on the mortal realm was much easier than transporting to another world, making the portal necessary, and this was one trip she hadn’t made in quite some time.  Her lack of a relationship with Freya was not a secret and didn’t even register as a blip on her radar nowadays.  But this visit was vital.  She would demand an audience with Freya if she tried to put her off.
Arriving in the desired hall within milliseconds, she grabbed the nearest marble pillar, bracing herself so as not to fall down from the dizzying effects that followed.  She swallowed the wave of nausea that sometimes accompanied such effects, breathing deeply to dispel the sickness until it passed.
Gathering her courage and her wits, she approached the guards stationed at the entry to Freya’s domain.
“I wish to speak with my mother.  Please inform her that I am here,” she said with as much authority as she could muster, while still trying to remain civil and somewhat respectful.  No use making any enemies.  At least not yet.  Catching bees with honey and all that.
To her surprise, the guards immediately open the oversized gilded doors allowing her admittance.  “You are expected, Danielle, daughter of Freya.”
Hot damn!  I should try using authority more often.  Wait a minute…expected?  Oh shit.
But she refused to let her confusion and suspicion show.  Re-gathering her courage up around her like an invisible barricade, she forged through the open doors with what she hoped looked like confidence.
Although it had been many years since she’d graced her mother with her presence, Freya’s throne room was just as she remembered it, over-the-top and richly ornate.  Danielle expected to look across the vast room with its vaulted ceilings dripping with cherub carvings donning gold tipped wings and see the Queen of the Valkyries herself, perched on her also over-the-top golden throne that screamed ‘Look at me!  Look at me!’  But she was sadly mistaken.  Instead, she was ushered through the room to the entrance of the queen’s private quarters.  This was hugely uncommon and out of character.  She couldn’t remember the last time she had been in her mother’s private quarters.  Surely, something must be afoot.
Was Freya ill or injured and too weak to greet visitors in the usual fashion?  Or was Danielle, herself, in some kind of trouble or dilemma that required privacy to discuss.  This trouble had to do with the chain.  That’s all she could fathom.  Freya had instructed her to retrieve it and so far, that had been impossible.  Oh, this was going to be bad indeed.  She felt it to her bones.
Well, whatever it was, she would just deal with it.  Or not.  Depending on what impact it would have on her newly chosen future life – or at least what she hoped would be her newly chosen future life.  That remained to be seen.  Strengthening her resolve, she slowly, but boldly, opened the door, immediately feeling the presence of a woman seated across the room.  There in all her majestic glory, looking very beautiful and healthy indeed, sat the Ruler of Shieldmaidens, the Goddess of love, beauty, fertility, war and witchcraft, and by far the most glorious of all the goddesses in existence.
Freya stood to approach Danielle, adjusting her flowing royal blue robes about her curvaceous body as she virtually glided across the polished stone floor.  Her strawberry blonde locks gathered in intricate braids and artfully arranged around the crown of her head ended just at the slender cinched waist of her regal gown.  Strangely, Danielle noted she wore no slippers and her unpainted cream colored toes peeked out from under the hem of her dress as she strode closer.
No shoes?  Miss prim and proper, royalty and all that, blah, blah, blah…  Not the time.  She’d ponder that later.  Much later, if at all.
“Danielle,” she said with a true fondness in her voice.  “It’s about time you came to see me.”  Surprisingly, Freya had management to admonish Danielle while at the same time keeping a welcoming motherly tone.
Checking to see if she needed to pick her jaw up off the floor, Danielle lost her determined demeanor for a moment.  “What?” she replied with a staunch look of puzzlement she couldn’t hide to save her soul and knowing that her reply was extremely inappropriate.  A thwacking sound filled the room as she immediately slapped her hand over her own mouth to restrict any further garbage from spewing forth.
“Oh, my!  You should see your face,” Freya laughed heartily.  “Your eyes are big as teacups!  Put your tongue back in your mouth, dear.  That’s not a good look for you,” she teased further.
Danielle was at a complete loss – of words, thoughts and actions.  She was completely stunned by the circumstances at hand.  She scarcely remembered why she was here in the first place.  Oh yeah…that.  Mustn’t blunder this entirely before I’ve even begun.
Freya gently reached out and removed the hand that was covering Danielle’s mouth.  “It’s quite all right, dear.  I know you’ve come to speak with me about some very important matters.  I’ve been waiting for you.  It took a little longer than I originally thought, though…”  Her musings strayed as she spoke tapping her index finger against her bottom lip.
Don’t be intimidated…Don’t be intimidated, Danielle chanted internally.
“What do you mean; you’ve been waiting for me?” Danielle demanded with as much respect as she could muster.  Freya was a Goddess, after all.  And her mother.  Let’s not forget that little tidbit.  Whoopee!
Even if Danielle was a little put out and confused.  Make that a lot.  But no matter how confused she was, she was determined and silently vowed she wouldn’t be put off her course of action.  She had to achieve her goal…or she would be lost for all eternity…
Sensing the saddening grief in her daughter, Freya decided Danielle had suffered enough.  Not that her suffering was Freya’s doing, by any means.  Time and circumstance deemed the follies of Danielle’s life.  Not all things could or should be controlled by the gods.  It’s not as if she could see the future or weave a fabric of time that pleased her and those she cared for.  No, she only had a spark of intuition at times, not exactly like a vision or anything such as Zahara experienced regularly.  She just knew things.  Sometimes all at once, sometimes a little here or there over a period of time.  The curse of it all was never knowing if her involvement would change the direction of the outcome or not.  But when it came to one of her own, especially this time with Danielle, she had to try to monitor and manipulate with what little control or resources she had for a favorable conclusion.  Danielle had attempted to follow her heart once before, only to be burned.  Which is why Freya had tried to intervene or push events along this time.  And it was time to come clean with her daughter.
“We’ll get to that…but first, why don’t you tell me why you’ve come to visit me?”  Before she spilled the beans, so to speak, she needed to know which side of the fence Danielle was inclined to fall, from the precarious perch she now sat.
Danielle looked at her questioningly with distrust in her hazel tinted eyes.
“Daughter,” Freya said, cringing inwardly from the flinch Danielle was unable to hide at her use of what should be a familiar term of endearment between them.  “I promise I will reveal all.  Please, just this once…trust me.  Tell me why you’ve come.”
“I don’t know if what I need is possible, but if it is, you can make it happen,” she began.  “I’ve done something that I know I shouldn’t have done, but I couldn’t help it.  Really, I couldn’t.  It was like I was drawn to do it without a will of my own.”  She took a steadying breath and dropped the bomb she was sure would have all of Asgard in an uproar.  “I’ve fallen in love with a mortal man.”  She held her head up higher meeting Freya’s gaze straight on to prove she felt no shame in her actions.
Freya stood stock still and said nothing, but secretly smiled to herself.  She was giddy as a tornado in a trailer park and couldn’t wait to share it with her daughter.  Only Danielle hadn’t finished her oration.
“I want you to make me mortal again.  I want to give up my immortality to be with him until my dying day.”
And there it was.  The bomb of all bombs that Freya had not been expecting.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Wait.  What are you thinking?  There’s no ‘giving up your immortality’ unless you really want to meet Alarr in the afterlife.  I can do no such thing for you, nor would I want to even if I could.”
Her patience and wits at end, Danielle snapped rather loudly, resembling the spoiled child she’d never even once been in her childhood.  “I should have known you wouldn’t help me!”  Her accusation was filled with old wounds, sufferings and disappointments that she’d kept within herself, squashing them down, down deep until they seemed to burst forth on a fiery flume of condemnation.  All hope was lost.  If Freya wouldn’t help her, no one would - even if they could.  They wouldn’t dare cross Freya.  God or no.
With stinging salty tears spilling down her face, she sank limply onto the oversized couch at her back.  One word crept through her mind – Hopeless.
Freya dropped down right beside her minus her usual poise and grace.  “Oh my dear, dear girl.  I never meant for this to hurt you.  You’ve already been through much more than your share of heartache.  That was never my intention.  I wanted so much for you to find happiness.”
Blinded by bitterness, all Danielle perceived from Freya’s confession was that she had interfered, turning her hopelessness to unbridled anger.  “How could you do this to me!  And just what is it that you did?  Did you make me fall in love with him just to see me writhe in pain once again?” she demanded.  “Was I that entertaining to watch?”
“No!  I’d never do that to anyone.  Especially you.  You’re my daughter, my own flesh and blood.”  Freya was horrified that her daughter could believe these things of her.
“Could have fooled me,” Danielle spat with disgust.
Insolence toward the gods was never permitted.  Had it been anyone else that had spoken to Freya like that, they would have been jettisoned straight to the bowels of Helheim, or Hel as some called it, the lowest level of the Norse universe.  The grim, cold, dark and misty abode of the undeserving dead.  An icy Norse Underworld, ruled by Hel, daughter of Loki, that is inhabited by a growing population of ghastly spirits - the souls of cowards, losers, profligates, slothful bums and liars - who must suffer in the mind-numbing cold with nothing for the punished soul to do accept shiver out their miserable existence for eternity.
But Freya took no offense at Danielle’s cruel, disrespectful words.  It was no secret that mother and daughter had never shared the relationship they could have had.  Freya regretted this more deeply than Danielle could ever know, so she’d set about taking steps to change all of that.  Starting with helping her daughter find the love she so richly deserved.
Freya thought luck had brought about the binding chain, until her intuition kicked in, giving her insight – just a glimpse of possibilities to come - and with it, she discovered the connecting bloodline between the two males.  She knew then what she had to do, so she’d sent Danielle to retrieve the binding chain personally and watched and waited to see if her suspicions were correct.  And thank her fellow gods, they were.  Now, she just had to make Danielle understand by filling in blanks.
“I’ve had knowledge of the chain for quite some time now, but I had to bide my time, waiting for the correct circumstances to reveal themselves.  I’ve been watching you very carefully lately.”
That caught Danielle’s attention.  “What circumstances are you talking about?  And that presence I’ve been feeling…that was you?”
Freya nodded.  “I didn’t realize you noticed me.  I thought I did a pretty good job of shielding myself.”
A light bulb flickered on in Danielle’s reeling mind.  “Wait, you set me up, didn’t you?  I didn’t have to go get the chain back myself.  Did I?”
“No, you didn’t,” Freya admitted.  “But I wanted you to have an opportunity, however, slight that opportunity might have been, to find another connection.  Your first was all wrong and I knew there was a chance that this could be the right one.”
Danielle’s anger had suddenly dissipated and she bore a dazed, glassy-eyed look of disbelief, practically mumbling to herself.  “I can’t believe you set me up.”
Seeing that Danielle had passed the hysterical I’m-really-fucking-pissed-off-at-you-and-am-going-to-scream stage, Freya gathered her dignity and continued, “Well, you certainly weren’t doing anything to changed your circumstances, were you?  I saw a chance and I took it for you.”
Without repeating the tirade she’d just been through, Danielle kept her tone and attitude in check.  She needed information and knew she wouldn’t get what she needed showing disrespect.  And she needed much more than just information.  Most of all, she needed her mother’s help.
“What right do you have taking chances for me, for my life?” she inquired.
“I’m your mother.  That gives me every right to try and help you find happiness.”
She raised her hand to ward off Danielle’s expected protest.  “I don’t care how old you are, I will always be your mother.  Even if you do hate me.  That fact won’t change,” Freya said determinedly. 
“I don’t hate you.  I’ve missed you.  Since father died, you seemed to never have time for me.  You gave up on me and I was still a child.”
“I know.  What I’ve done is unforgivable.  You must understand.  I couldn’t look at you without missing him.  It hurt too badly.  I knew I’d lose him someday and didn’t handle that very well.  And then there was you.  Because of your mortality at the time, I realized I’d lose you, too.  I couldn’t take any more of the pain.  It was selfish, I know, but it was easier to stay away.  I didn’t want you to know my pain.  I allowed it to overshadow my love when you were a child, and then when you became a Shieldmaiden, I thought it was simply too late.  I was a coward and I’m sorry, Daughter.  Please find it in your heart to forgive me – someday.”
Freya spoke the truth.  There was no doubting it.  Danielle realized there was no malice, no trickery to be expected.  Her mother wasn’t cruel, didn’t harm intentionally.  She was just absent.  Knowing now how she, herself, felt about Aaron, she could completely understand how Freya must have felt then.  If she stayed with Aaron and Freya couldn’t make her mortal again, then she would have to someday watch him die, too.  Just as Freya had watched her father die.  But even with this knowledge, she would choose whatever time they could have together and the suspended pain of losing him in the future over not loving him at all.  This much she knew.
“I understand and I promise to try.  You must give me time.”
“Since we have plenty of that, take all you need.”  Freya seemed satisfied with that answer, as proven with the lightened attitude and tone of her voice.
As Danielle met her gaze, Freya actually smiled with watery eyes but refused to let them spill over.
“Now,” she cleared her throat, “How to help you with your dilemma?”
She had Danielle’s full attention now.  The hopefulness bubbled up in her like a fountain that was uncontainable and on the verge of eruption.
“There’s no hope.  He’s human.”
“All right.  Let me first start by explaining then.  You must know that I could not intervene, but I knew the chain was meant for another, that Alarr was not your intended true love.  I was forced to let you make your own decisions and mistakes.  I could not inform you of the future as it is against our laws and the consequences could be devastating.  I don’t know all anyway and only receive what knowledge I do have in indistinct, imprecise details that are never set in stone.  They are only possibilities.  Which is why I hoped this was a possibility that would come to fruition.  You deserve to be happy and appreciated for all you are and I believe Aaron can give that to you.  Obviously, the magic of the binding chain agrees with me.”
“But how?  You just told me you can’t make me mortal again.”  Danielle waved her hand dismissively in front of her.  “And honestly, it doesn’t matter.  I will stay with him anyway for as long as I can.”
And Freya believed her.  At that moment she saw Danielle’s heart, frantically clinging to whatever crumbs she could gather as if a fragile crumbling wafer was falling through the cracks of her fingers.
“Would your life span be enough?  For the two of you, I mean,” Freya asked.
Danielle’s eyes scrunched in disbelief.  Surely, she’d misheard her mother.  “What do you mean - my life span?  I’m immortal, failing I die in battle or something.”
“Exactly.”  Short and succinct.
“You can do that?” Danielle almost shouted her inquiry.  She couldn’t believe her ears, thinking surely she’d misheard her mother.
“No, you can do that.  Together with your young man.”  Freya beamed.  She loved knowing a secret that others did not.  It was totally exhilarating.  But now was not the time to tease.
This couldn’t be.  Danielle had never heard of such a thing.  If her mother was playing with her, she’d…she’d…oh, she didn’t know what she’d do to her, but it would be bad.  Very bad indeed.
“I know I’m repeating myself - but how?” she stammered.
“There are levels to the chain.  You already have a small connection with him, yes?”
“At times, yes, I do believe I know what he’s thinking.  But it’s not often and I can’t be sure.  I feel and hear something when emotions are high or in extreme situations, but I thought it was just my imagination.  I thought that I was being overly sensitive.”
“That’s because you already have a connection.  It’s slight, but there is a definite link there.”  Instant excitement leaped onto her face.  “He’s the one.  I knew it!”  Freya jumped with glee and clapped her hands.
Danielle was shocked.  She’s completely lost her marbles!  She’d never seen this side of her mother.  Not even close.  Except maybe…  Then it hit her.  Not since her father had passed.
“But the chain hasn’t glowed or sparked or anything likes it’s supposed to,” Danielle argued.  She didn’t mean to argue, didn’t want to even.  But she refused to get her hopes up too high fearing this had to be a mistake.  “It’s impossible.  He’s mortal, not even a demi-god.”
“And?”  Freya knew Danielle wasn’t finished with her argument.  This situation was unique, to say the least.
“It’s not allowed!”  She knew she had her mother there.  The only way around that little obstacle would take a divine decree and she didn’t think the Gods were all going to get together and change the game plan for little ole’ her.
“That’s true…sort of.”
“What do you mean – sort of?”  Now she was really losing her patience.
“Well…,” Freya’s voice took on a higher pitch, sing-songing her response and refusing to meet Danielle’s eyes.
But Danielle kept watch, noticing the purse of Freya’s lips and the scrunch of her eyebrows.  “What aren’t you telling me?” she demanded.
“It’s not exactly forbidden.  I mean you warriors carry on with mortals all the time.  It’s just that we don’t encourage deeper relationships.  It’s so tragic having to watch someone you love grow old before your eyes and fade away, knowing there’s nothing you can do for them.  Chain bonding is the only way to keep them forever.  And I do mean forever, with their lives literally bound and tied to yours.  Of course, the forever part is still the same with immortals, but as you know personally, the end of their existence doesn’t end your own.  And look how rarely we immortals actually take those vows.”
Freya looked at Danielle’s silent shocked expression.  She was slack-mouthed with almost bulging eyes, with a mix of confusion and silent rage rolling off her in indiscernible waves.
“Close your mouth, daughter, or you’ll catch flies.”
Danielle complied and blinked her eyes a few times as Freya continued.  “We discourage a union with a mortal because firstly, bondings are so rare even between our own kind, and mortals don’t seem to understand the meaning of forever.  Everything with them is so…temporary – like instead of Mr. Right, it’s Mr. Right Now.  And I’m not picking on the females, as the males are just as culpable,” she clarified.  “It’s just less complicated to leave the bonding out of the equation where mortals are concerned, as I did with your father.  Secondly, it is our goal to keep our existence hidden, after all.”
“I don’t understand.  Are you telling me this has happened before?”
“Yes, but only twice before.  It’s rather hush-hush, you see.  Practically top secret,” she admitted.  “Man, I’m going to catch some Hel for this one,” she said worriedly.  Freya sighed, shrugged her shoulders and let a bright smile return to her face.  “But not today…”
“Who?  Who are the others?” Danielle demanded.  She felt she need something tangible, some proof of what her mother was explaining to her – rather vaguely.
“Oh no.  Not going to happen, dear.  I’ve said too much already.  But you’re my daughter.  Daughter of Freya.”  She spun in an extensive circle, arcing her arms wide out to her sides as her long splendid strawberry blonde hair swirled about her intertwining with her lengthy billowing royal robes.  Her azure eyes sparkled with mischief.  “Am I not the Goddess of love, beauty, fertility, war and witchcraft?  The most glorious of the Goddesses?  Queen of the Shieldmaidens?”
Freya didn’t wait for an answer.  It was a rhetorical question anyway.  Of course, she was – all of that and more.  “So why should my daughter continue to suffer, I ask?”
“Mother,” Danielle began demurely, “My suffering was not unbearable, nor your fault.”
“True, it was not my fault, but the only way you could bear it was to hide your heart, wearing an invisible cloak of protection around you at all times.”
Freya knelt at her daughter’s feet and tenderly took her hand.  Danielle couldn’t remember the last time her mother had touched her in such a way.  She wasn’t sure how to respond, so she simply didn’t move even the tiniest muscle, afraid she would disrupt this most unusual moment.
“That is no way to live, Danielle, whether immortal or not.  You can’t go on simply existing.  Now is your time and I intend to give it to you.”
Danielle was still feeling quite shocked and meek, filled with crumbs of disbelief.  “How?   How do I keep him?”
That question seemed to perk Freya up.  “That’s the simple part.  A chain binding ceremony, of course.  Performed by moi.”  She batted her glistening eyelashes with false modesty.
“But Aaron and I already wear the chains.”
“Semantics, my dear.  If you want to keep him, you must complete the bonding and then all will be as it should be.”  She paused and then explained the steps in the simplest form.  “I will bless the union.  You stay immortal.  And although Aaron will not become immortal, the chain will recognize him fully as your mate and he will live as long as you do, never aging.  You can even give me grandchildren to spoil.  The way you two have been acting, that shouldn’t take too long to accomplish.”
A river of red spread across Danielle’s cheeks.  This was soooo not happening.  She refused to discuss anything to do with sex around her mother.  And right then she realized she was actually thinking of her as her mother.  Not some vacant Goddess, void of all feeling and without an ounce of empathy or compassion.
“Who are you and what have you done with my mother?”
“You’re very comical, my dear.  But I need to make amends for my derelict ways towards you.  And even if I’m not successful in this mission I’ve set for myself, at least I will have tried and you will once again be happy.”  Freya’s sincerity was obvious.  There was no sign or reason to doubt her.  “Besides, Aaron will be very useful in our quest to rid the mortal plane of Loki and his horde.  His ability to locate artifacts is quite impressive.  I believe the Gods will be pleased to add him to our numbers.”
Danielle rose from her seat, unsure of what to do or say.  She was still apprehensive about the entire situation, but Freya had given her so much more than she could have dreamed of.  She’d been ready to forfeit her immortality but instead had been given a solution that could possibly mean she and Aaron would have lifetimes ahead to spend together.  The possibility of a family – of her own.  That was a dream she’d not entertained in…she couldn’t remember when.
Seeing her uncertainty, Freya came to stand in front of Danielle.  She took her hand once more between her own.  “All will be well.  I promise.  This time, we will make it right for you.  Go now, daughter, and share the good tidings with your intended mate.”
As Danielle descended into a slight curtsey and lowered her head to show respect, Freya placed a small kiss on the top of her head, then stood back and waved her arm dramatically with a flourish, watching as Danielle faded away.

*****

Danielle blinked to clear her vision and found herself standing outside of her home in the warriors’ village.  Wow, that was quick.  She’s never done that before either.  It was a day of surprises.  Many of which she had to share with Aaron immediately.
She was curious about the connection that Freya claimed she and Aaron already shared, so she decided to test their tentative link as she purposely reached out to him with her mind.  She couldn’t hear him, but she could sense him - and the worry that held like a heavy weight upon his shoulders.  If she knew where he was at this exact moment, she would trace there immediately and begin their new lives together.
Oh Goddess, she suddenly thought as doubt came crashing down around her.  What if he doesn’t want to spend eternity with me?
She remembered his declarations of love.  How he professed he would give up his career to aid the warriors in their quest for humanity.  How he wanted to spend his life with her.  But if he knew that he would live as long as she did, that his life would be irrevocably tied to hers, would he still want those things?  She could be killed in battle tomorrow.  There were no guarantees, just possibilities.  If she let Aaron go, he could live a long and perfectly normal life with a perfectly normal wife, not this crazy mixed up bizarre world that she lived in that was constantly threatened and thrown off balance at a whim.  She could have one of the guys completely erase her out of his mind and he would go on as if nothing had ever happened.  She would have to stick around in the shadows to make sure he was safe, hoping he wouldn’t remain a target of Tormond’s for too much longer.  Maybe they could plant a suggestion that he leave the area completely to go and work at another archeological program across the country.  That would keep him safe and away from Tormond for good.
But there was one problem with all of those solutions.  She was selfish.  And thoughts of Aaron being in some other female’s arms brought out the ugliest green-eyed monster tripped up on a massive amount of steroids she could muster.  She pictured the fictional comic book character, the Hulk.  No, the picture in her mind’s eye was the Freyodin vampire warrior equivalent of the already bulking green fictional comic book character.  There’s a new character for you, Stan Lee.
Swallowing the bile that had risen in her throat from fear and pushing the green-eyed monster away, she knew, that no matter what she wanted, she had to give Aaron the chance to make an informed decision for himself.  It was his life to control and not hers to toy with.
Lost in thought as she dealt with the turmoil in her head and heart, she’d instinctively made her way to her front door.  Upon entering, she knew where she’d find Aaron and wasted no time in tracing outside her bedroom door.  She was at peace with her decision to be completely honest with Aaron.  Sure, the pain would be insurmountable should he choose to leave her, but she was strong.  Stronger than she’d been previously, and she would carry on, knowing he was happy and safe.
Aaron was resting comfortably in an overstuffed chair located in the raised portion of her split-level bedroom, looking out of the large bay window at the foliage of the forest.  He turned in her direction as she entered the room.
“Hey there.  I’ve been waiting for you.  Emeline said you had an errand to take care of.”  He rose from his chair and met her halfway across the room.  The smile on his face dictated he was at ease, seemingly unfettered by the crisis they faced.  His countenance was completely calm and unassuming as he leaned into her and kissed her sweetly on her forehead.
She melted just as sweetly into his embrace, allowing him to wholly enfold and surround her, resting her head on his chest with her arms tucked up between them.
“An errand?  Oh, yes,” she said as she began to clear the cobwebs that had instantly clouded her mind in his embrace.  “I went to see my mother.”
He pulled back a little to look at her face.  His eyes questioning, well aware of Danielle’s and Freya’s…differences.
“I had this crazy idea that I could be human again…completely forgetting that I already have been once before and lost that privilege when I lost my life.”
He sighed heavily and pulled her back in his arms.  “No, Danielle.  I won’t have you giving up your immortality.  Not for me.  It’s your selflessness that earned you this life and your status as a warrior and protector of humankind.  It’s who you are and part of the reason that I love you.  You don’t need to worry.  If they will let me stay, then I will take whatever time I can with you.  I’ve already told you that and I meant it.  I just hope the assistance I can give them in the searches is enough of an incentive.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about that.  I have it on the highest authority that you are vital to our fight against Loki and his horde.”
“Great!  Then there’s no problem at all.  Especially since Alarr gave us his blessing.”  Aaron pulled back once more and cupped her face in his calloused hands.  Hands that worked in the roughened earth but tenderly caressed, soothed and ignited her body with pleasures she’d never felt before.
“You remember what happened with Alarr?” she said, her eyes going wide.
“It’s an experience I’ll never forget.  Felt like I was dreaming or something, just observing.  I couldn’t participate, only watch,” he chuckled, still observing her face.
“Well…you’re right.  There’s no problem really…but you have a decision to make.”
“And what would that be?  Honestly, I really don’t want to become a vampire and a warrior, but I’d do it for you.”
“Oh no, nothing that drastic.  You don’t even have to die,” she chided.  Danielle felt the relief flood his body when she informed him of that portion of the decision.
“Then what do I have to do?”
“If you want to, you can choose to go back to your life before we met and carry on never knowing of our existence.  We can fix it where you can’t remember me or any of this at all.  Quick and painless.  You can go forward with your dream of archeology, none the wiser.  Unfortunately, we can’t remove the chain, so we’ll have to come up with some excuse for that.”
Try as she might, it was extremely hard to put a positive spin on this idea.  She didn’t want to sway him one way or the other, but the sickly looking smile she had plastered on her face, almost made him laugh.  He still had her locked in his arms with his hands clasped behind her lower back.
He bit his lower lip to squelch his amusement and shook his head adamantly.  “Not acceptable.  What’s my other option?”  At this point, it didn’t matter to Aaron what the other option was.  He figured if it didn’t include making him leave and forget her, it simply included conditions on how he could stay, which is what he had hoped for all along. 
“You can become my chain bonded mate,” she said but added quickly, “But before you make that decision there are things you need to know – pros and cons, if you will.”
Yes!  This was sounding very promising to Aaron and he encouraged her to continue with a quizzical lift of his brow, doing his best to hide his excitement.  “Is this where you ask whether I want the bad news first or the good news first?”
She swatted his shoulder.  “You’re not taking this very seriously and believe me – it’s serious.”
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to make light of the situation.  I mean I did, but not in the way you probably thought I did.”  He became a little flustered then.  “Oh forget it.  Just tell me what the pros and cons are.  Please?”
“Begging doesn’t suit you.”  She smiled, deciding he was right and she could lighten up a bit now.  She knew now that he didn’t want to leave her and she had to trust that they’d work all the other kinks out of their predicament.  “Alright.  You would remain human, of course.”
Tension was mounting again as they both examined their inner thoughts and feelings.
After a moment he said, “Okay, I can accept that.  I don’t have to like it, but I actually expected it.  I only regret that I won’t have your strength and that I’ll grow old.  How will I protect you?  Are you sure you can deal with that?”  His fears of her not wanting him as he grew older terrified him to his very core.
 “I don’t need your protection, I need your love.  And you won’t grow old.  Your life will be tied to mine.  As long as I live, you live, just as we are now.  But,” she paused, “if ever I die, you’ll die, too.  I want you so badly, but I don’t want to do that to you.”
Aaron said nothing.  He simply stared into her eyes as if searching for something.  His thoughts churning like a whirlwind as he continued to listen to her.
“You realize this is no guarantee of forever together.  I could die in battle tomorrow and then so would you.  That’s not fair to you, Aaron.  You deserve to have a normal life and this life will be far from normal.”  Danielle sighed then, laying her head on his shoulder and letting the weight of her tormented feelings drift away.  Instead of waiting for his decision, she’d made her own.  She mentally straightened her backbone and locked her gaze with his once more.  “Goddess, how I love you.  But I can’t do this to you, Aaron.  I won’t.”
That’s when he found it.  The something he’d been searching for in both her and himself.  Her altruistic strength, determination and bravery had returned, radiating out around her like a protective shield.  He loved these qualities about her.  Qualities that defined the warrior woman he fell in love with.  Her courage, in turn, fed his own.
Aaron knew it was now or never.  With one arm holding her tightly to him, he cupped her face to gain her complete attention.  He had to make her understand.
“For me, there is no life without you, chain bond or not.”

*****

Chapter Nineteen



Word spread like wildfire throughout the village.  This news that a mortal would be chain bonded to a warrior was unprecedented.  A chain bonding itself was a rarity, but to a mortal, unheard of.  Most were accepting and excited, especially the females.  Some were uncertain and weary of this pairing and there was one who was confused and fighting to control his fury about the decision handed down from the Gods.  Although Vex and Danielle had been close friends for the almost one hundred years since he had been brought over, he envied her to no end and jealousy ate at his gut, abating some of the elation surrounding the preparations for the upcoming bonding ceremony.  No one knew the cause of Vex’s obvious aversion, or if they did, they weren’t telling.  His secrets were his to keep.
Nadine took the lead and called an impromptu meeting in the rec room to discuss the preparations for the ceremony that was to take place the following evening.  If they couldn’t pull this together tonight, the ceremony would have to wait until the following week and Nadine didn’t want to put it off.  All weddings and chain binding ceremonies alike were held on Fridays in honor of the Goddess of Marriage, Frigga.
Nadine’s anal tendencies made her perfect to ensure a successful celebration, except when everyone else didn’t cooperate with her plans.  She, of course, wanted this event to go off without a hitch, but when several warriors, both male and female, took it upon themselves to straggle late into the meeting, Nadine was beside herself.
Zahara leaned into Makayla whispering, “I swear, if I didn’t know for a fact that we cannot have mortal illnesses and other medical conditions, I’d think that girl has OCD.”
To which Makayla laughed heartily and countered, “Yea, we’d better go save her and be quick about it before she blows a gasket.”
Within a short time, plans were made, Nadine’s worries were soothed and everyone pitched in to ensure that the ceremony would rival the grandest of ceremonies they had ever witnessed among them.  Danielle beamed brightly and both she and Aaron expressed their gratitude to their fellow warriors and friends.
Before anyone could depart, Thunder and his second-in-command, Vengeance, marched into the room carrying champagne and trays of delicious looking food, followed by the human staff with more of the same.
Thunder’s voice boomed through the doorway, grabbing everyone’s attention. “All right, everyone.  Since we’ve got the business portion of this meeting out of the way, I believe it’s time for the mandatory bachelor and bachelorette party to commence.  And let me be the first to kiss the bride.”  
Shouts and cheers went up throughout the room and several warriors headed toward the bar area to start the celebration with their favorite beverage.  Thunder unloaded his cargo of party goods and headed in Danielle’s direction.  After surveying the room, he smiled to himself.  It was nice to see everyone enjoying this blessed occasion.  Too soon he knew that events in their lives could take a sharp turn for the worse.  But tonight was for celebrating and he intended to join them in it.
“Warrior Danielle,” Thunder recited formally, placing his hands on her upper arms and beginning his skål, a traditional Scandinavian toast of friendship and goodwill.  “May you have walls for the wind and a roof for the rain, and drinks beside the fire; laughter to cheer you and those you love near you, and all that your heart may desire.”  Then Thunder pulled Danielle into his arms and kissed her sound and proper on the lips.  Pulling away he yelled, “Someone hand me a drink, so I may conclude my toast to our sister warrior.”
Instantly there was a mug of cold beer thrust into Thunder’s hand.  He turned with his glass held high, addressed the group and, with an old Gaelic salute, wished Danielle and Aaron great health and good blessings.  “Slàinte mhòr agus a h-uile beannachd duibh.”
“Slàinte,” everyone echoed.
Immediately, Danielle was surrounded by every male in the room taking turns kissing the new bride.  She knew what to expect but laughed whole-heartedly at Aaron’s discomfort as he was mobbed by the females.  After a moment, she noticed he’d decided to be a good sport about this new turn of events and even seemed to be enjoying himself, although she knew he’d never admit it in a million years.  A million years…  I wonder just how much time we will actually have together…  Eternity wouldn’t be enough for her.
A series of individual toasts began in which everyone toasted the bride and groom, then each other, taking a drink with each toast.
“I think I’ve had quite enough.”  Aaron excused himself before the conclusion of the toasts.  He didn’t have the stamina the warriors did in holding their drink, although it seemed everyone would be rather intoxicated by the end of the evening.
Danielle laughed in agreement.  “Yes, I think that would be best for me, also.  We’re lucky we’ve got such a short time restraint.  Normally, they’d spend an entire day feasting and toasting us.”
Aaron pulled her up into his lap and she instantly felt his arousal beneath her.  “I know what I’d like to spend an entire day feasting on,” Aaron growled lowly in her ear.  “Let’s get out of here.”
Danielle melted against him burying her nose in the crook of his neck.  He growled.  He actually growled.  Goddess, what a turn on!  “I think I like this side of you.  I should get you snockered more often,” she said as she lightly ran her tongue up the side of his neck and nibbled his ear lobe.
“Alright, that’s enough of that,” Steele’s large powerful hand gripped Aaron’s shoulder and his deep-based voice sent unwelcome vibrations all the way up Aaron’s spine.  “Looks like its time to call it a night, folks,” he announced to the room.  The reply of several downtrodden ‘ahs’ reverberated around him.
“Ladies, please escort Princess Buttercup away and we gents will put the Dread Pirate Roberts here,” he gestured to Aaron, “out of his misery for the evening.”
“What?  We’re being separated?  Really?”  He looked at the others.  “Isn’t that a little old fashioned?  I thought you guys were a bit more progressive than that.”
“Nice try, Doc,” Turbo cut in, “But your cutoff for the night – from everything!”  Several of the men who had gathered around them laughed, high-fived and fist-bumped, all while removing Danielle from Aaron’s lap and assisting him up from his chair.
“Don’t worry, love.  You’re in good hands.  I’ll see you tomorrow night,” Danielle said while being gently torn from his arms and passed in the opposite direction.  The last he saw of her, she was throwing him a kiss as the women began to shuffle her from the room.  Then suddenly he was hoisted high and carried away on the shoulders of several very large warriors.  White Wedding was blazing from a nearby speaker and Aaron felt as if he was body surfing the crowd at a Billy Idol concert.
“Wait, wait!” Nadine cried out.  “Please, please, please.  I’m reminding you all now.  Don’t be late tomorrow evening.  The ceremony begins at promptly at eight o’clock.”  She received assurances from those around her and allowed herself to relax a bit.  Well, as much as she could anyway.
Being the pranksters that they were, Turbo and Steele exchanged a look.  You know that means we’ll have to be at least ten minutes late, right?
Why, of course.  It will drive her bonkers.  I’ll spread the word.
Aaron must have drunk more than he realized because he was ready to pass out.  Guess the guys did him a favor.  It would have been embarrassing if he’d passed out on Danielle- or worse – couldn’t get it up.  His last thoughts were about tomorrow.  He didn’t know exactly what to expect at the ceremony and was surprised that he felt not one shred of nervousness.  But that could have just been the booze talking.

*****

Voices.  Too many voices. And way too loud.  But she couldn’t open her eyes to make out who the intruders were.  They definitely put the ‘rude’ in ‘intrude’.  She just wanted them to go away.
“Get up sleepy head.  Time to make you beautiful for that luscious man of yours!”
“Yea, and by the looks of it, she’s going to need a lot of help.”
“By the Gods!  What an awful thing to say!  She obviously isn’t sleeping beauty in the morning, but neither are you.  You shouldn’t throw stones like that.”
Oh Goddess, please make them stop.  Please make them go away and leave me alone.  Obviously, the Goddess wasn’t listening.
“Oh come off it.  I was only kidding.  She knows I was just joking around.  Right, Danielle?”
The only reply she could manage was a very unladylike grunt.  Danielle wanted to pull a pillow over her head to shut them out, but she didn’t have the strength.  Someone sat on the side of the bed jostling her and causing the pain already in her head to intensify, rolling around from side to side and base to tip, throbbing like a beating drum in a Hawaiian festival.
“Oh no, sweetie.  You had way too much to drink last night, didn’t you?”
Someone snickered.  “Of course she did.  We carried on the celebration after separating from the men last night.  It was wild!  We danced the night away.  The only thing missing was a male stripper.”  The voice lowered slightly.  “You should have heard her going on about her mother.  It was the strangest thing I’ve ever heard and must have been wishful thinking, the poor dear.  Something about them being ‘best buds”.  I believe that’s what she called it anyway.”
“She must have been hallucinating as everyone knows that will never happen.  Oh well, no matter.  She probably won’t remember any of it this morning.”
Danielle turned over slightly from her stomach prone position and groaned deep, low and sickly, like something out of a horror movie that was dying.
The women got their first real glimpse of the victim before them.
“Wow, she really is a mess.  Looks like this calls for desperate measures.  Ladies, grab a limb.  We’ll have to trace over to the spa.  She’ll never make it any other way.”
Arms and legs were braced and before Danielle could protest, she was whisked away from her safe haven of a bed.  She must have passed back out because the next thing she knew there was a flood of cold water rushing up her nasal passages.
“Holy shit!” she sputtered, trying to expel the water and fill her lungs with oxygen.  She sat up so fast her world spun around and her stomach dive bombed then threatened to rocket out of her throat in a fiery spewing mess.
“Well, now.  That’s an improvement.  We got a response.  If she would just open her eyes now, we could verify she’s still among the living,” someone jested.
Danielle knew these voices.  Of course, she did.  So why couldn’t she place them?
“Anybody got any toothpicks?”
“Okay!” Danielle shouted, then lowered her voice, clutching her head.  “Ha ha, very funny.  I’m awake.”
“Yes, but are you alive?”
Danielle finally recognized a voice.  She was sure that was Makayla.  She turned her head in the direction of the voice, causing sharp shooting pains to spear through her and her eyes shut tightly to block out the bolts of too bright light penetrating through them.  Another agonizing groan escaped.
“Emeline,” the wiser Valeria said, “I’m afraid we are in need of an intervention of the healing kind.”
Emeline inched closer to Danielle.  The closeness of her five-foot-nine-inch willowy frame seemed to somewhat lessen Danielle’s agony already and she hadn’t even touched her yet.  Being a healer sure had its pluses.
Fortunately, Emeline had been present for most of the after party last night and had anticipated this.  She pulled out a small vial containing her premade potion and held it up to Danielle’s lips.  “Drink this, honey.  We’ll get you soaking in the spa and you’ll feel like your old self in no time.”
Danielle gladly downed the vile tasting potion quickly and took a few deep breaths to keep it from returning on her.  Emeline then laid a hand each on Danielle’s forehead and stomach.  Danielle felt the energy flow from Emeline’s body into hers.  A warm, soothing relief that her body craved and drank in greedily.
“Thank you, Emy,” she said, resting her head on the healer’s shoulder.
“My pleasure, my friend,” Emeline replied.  “Now, let’s get you prepared for the binding ceremony,” she added excitedly with a lift in her voice.  The excitement grew throughout the circle of women surrounding her and Danielle as they looked forward to carrying out the tradition of readying the bride.
The tradition consisted of a magical day equivalent to visiting a Finnish sauna, featuring a lengthy and relaxing soak in a spa filled with herbs, flowers and scented oils meant to act as an aphrodisiac and enhance fertility.  The female warriors all participated in applying the oils and massaging the bride’s body to a dreamlike and relaxing state.  She’d recovered quite nicely from her previous hangover ailment thanks to the efforts of all of her sisters.  Once Danielle was taken care of and laid out to rest, the others jumped into the spa to indulge a bit themselves.
The final preparations involved dressing the bride for her ceremony.  They fussed over the smallest details and Danielle let them.
“We’ve got a little something for you,” Zahara said approaching with a beautifully adorned pink box.  She thought she recognized the box from a popular women’s boutique but wasn’t sure.
Danielle took the gift and opened it revealing a skimpy but beautiful red negligée with barely there matching panties.
Annika chimed in chuckling, “We got it at Victoria’s Don’t Tell Anybody.  As soon as we saw it, we knew it would go great with your skin tone and hair.  Is it me, or do all of their bras look the same on every commercial?”
“Oh my Goddess,” Nadine added.  “I’ve always thought the same thing!  I honestly can’t tell them apart.”
Danielle blushed.  Not so much from the gift, but from thoughts of events to come later that evening.
Valeria walked up to Danielle and pulled her into a tight hug.  “I’m having a sense of déjà vu,” she said referring to a similar night like this eight hundred years earlier.  “But I seem to remember your nightrail was virginal white, very, very differently styled and not quite so revealing.”
Danielle blushed deeper and laughed with everyone else.  “Yes, I’ll never forget your kindness that night and all the times thereafter.”  She hugged her back even tighter.
Valeria pulled back and smiled.  “Well, something else is very similar, as well.”  She turned toward the doorway and called out, “Girls, you can bring it in now.”
Raven and Myste had previously slipped from the room unnoticed by Danielle.  When they came through the doorway, they graciously carried the most beautiful Grecian style gown she’d ever seen.  Yards of white chiffon draped across their arms topped by a wide slightly gathered silk shantung waist that sat high, just below the bust.  They assisted Danielle and held it up in front of her in the full-length mirror.  The sweetheart neckline was also gathered vertically and topped by a V-shaped strap on the right side that cut across the chest and wound to the back completing the Greek look worn by Goddesses.
“Oh, I don’t know what to say…” Danielle began with tears shimmering in her eyes.
“Now don’t go crying on us.  You’ll ruin that perfect makeup job, even if you wouldn’t let me put as much as I wanted to,” Nadine spouted tenderly.  “Besides, it’s not from us.”
“It’s not?  Then who is it from?”
Everyone turned to Valeria, leaving it to her to explain.  Of course, she rose to the challenge.  “No, sweetie.  It’s from Freya.”  Valeria donned a comical sickly smile, not knowing what reaction she would receive.
“Oh, wow,” Danielle replied as if it was no big deal.  “That explains the Grecian style then.”
Everyone had been holding their breath and were virtually stunned by Danielle’s retort – or lack thereof.
“What?  I told you guys last night that we sort of made up and were going to give this whole mother/daughter thing another try.”
They all burst out laughing.
“We thought you were just drunk.  We had no idea you were serious,” Zahara laughed and Danielle laughed with her.
“Oh wait!” Myste yelled.  “There’s a note with the dress.  I’m sorry.  I forgot.”
“Thanks,” Danielle said taking and opening the note that was still affixed with Freya’s seal.  It read:

Daughter,
I’m filled with more pride than you could ever know.  Thank you for allowing me to preside over tonight’s ceremony.  The only thing that could have made this moment more perfect would have been watching your father deliver you to the altar.
Wear this gown with the certainty that you are the Goddess you were meant to be.
Danielle lowered herself down on the edge of her bed and slowly folded the note, resting it in her lap.  She closed her misty eyes and reverently bowed her head.  Thank you, mother.  For everything.  Then she smiled brightly and leaped from the bed.  “All right, let’s get that thing on me and get the show on the road!”
Once Danielle had the garment on, she felt every bit a Goddess and ready to start the next phase of her life with Aaron.  Her thoughts were interrupted by Thunder’s arrival.
“He’s coming up the walk,” she heard shouted down the hallway.
Thunder had stepped in and requested to deliver her to the altar.  Who was she to say ‘No’.  He was her leader and a God in his own right.  She felt privileged and wondered if her mother had anything to do with it.
“I heard that,” Thunder said.
“Oh, crap.  I wasn’t aware I was broadcasting,” she replied sheepishly.
“And no, Freya didn’t ask me to escort you.  It was all my idea.”  He pulled back and looked at her.  “My Gods, Danielle.  You look ravishing.”  He smiled that dreamy smile of his and stuck out his arm for her to latch onto.  “Shall we go forth?”
She returned his smile just as brightly and placed her arm in his.  “We shall.”
“All right, then.  But we’ll go slow as I’ve been given instructions to be at least ten minutes late for some reason.”

*****

True to her nature, Nadine paced back and forth, wearing a dull path in the grass at her feet.  “I knew some of them would be late…but all of them?  Even the bride?  That’s just unacceptable!”
Zahara did her best to rein in her mirth.  “You brought this on yourself, you know.  You shouldn’t have said anything last night.  You simply gave them the ammunition to torment you with.”
“You’re right.  And I know just who the instigators are.”
If she didn’t know better, Zahara would have thought Nadine’s eyes were glowing.  Lots of things were possible, but that wasn’t one of them.  “Nevertheless, they’ll be here soon, so try to relax.  You’ve done a fantastic job in such a short time.  It will all go off without a hitch, I’m sure.”
“From your mouth to the Gods’ ears,” Nadine prayed aloud.
Nadine suddenly felt a heavy sudden wave of presence.  She turned, knowing full well what she would find.  “Oh you…,” she expelled on a heavy breath as she looked out over the sea of her friends all smiling brightly and innocently at her.  A couple of those smiles were also somewhat apologetic.  She should have guessed they would choose to trace in at the same time.  At least they’d all dressed appropriately – the men were all stylish and the ladies were adorned with their flower-strewn wreaths.  “Ha ha.  Jokes on me,” she said yet unfazed.
“They obviously love you or they wouldn’t care to tease you so,” Zahara offered as she tenderly laid a hand on Nadine’s shoulder.
“All right, fine.”  She spoke to her friends, “If I weren’t your protector, I’d tear each of you a new one.”  She was only half jesting…and they knew it.  “Luckily, your presence tells me Danielle should be here any moment.”

*****

Aaron stood in front of the horgr, or altar, that was built of heaped stones from their homeland and rested in a blossoming garden at the center of the village.  The ceremony would be held outside in the open at this place that was considered sacred and used to invoke the Gods and Goddesses.  Myste assured him the weather would be perfect today as she’d seen to it personally.  He took a deep relaxing breath and noticed he felt eerily calm, which he attributed to the events the morning had brought.  
He’d been woken that morning and put to the task of working side by side with the other males in building a Gate of Honor for Danielle.  Because she was originally from Denmark, it was a traditional wedding custom to build and place this ornate gate in front of the bride’s home.  After being given instructions, he caught on quickly, assembling the arch of pine branches for his bride-to-be.
Once the arch was complete, he was ushered to a full spa treatment including sauna and massage, then measured and fitted for an elegant tuxedo which he would wear for the ceremony.  The males joined him in the spa treatment and he enjoyed the camaraderie and playful bantering they shared among themselves.  They even made a point to include him which eased his mind about not fitting in.  Brains and brawn didn’t always mesh well together and, even though he had a little brawn of his own, it could never match up to the bulk and physical strength these men had achieved.  But they seemed to welcome him as a member of the team anyway with no apparent discrimination.
Thunder made an appearance and he recalled the privileged feeling he had knowing that an actual God was attending his ceremony.  Never in a million years or in my wildest dreams, he thought as the deity approached him.
“Aaron, I have something for you,” Thunder said reaching behind his back to produce a long sword from the sheath strapped across his broad shoulders.  It looked substantially heavy and razor-sharp.
“Thank you, but you didn’t need to get me a gift.”
Thunder poised the sword blade first across his out-stretched left arm laying it horizontally in a formal presentation and smiled with pride.  “Son, this isn’t a gift.  It’s your birthright.”
“I’m sorry, my what?” Aaron said completely confused.
“Your birthright,” he repeated.  “This sword has been in safekeeping for a very long time and was given to me by Odin this very morn.  I’ve been given the charge of presenting it to you.  It is yours by right of your birth as it once belonged to your ancestor and a former Freyodin Warrior, Alarr.”
Stunned was a misnomer in describing Aaron’s then state of mind.  He thought he mumbled something in disbelief like, “Alarr’s sword…my sword.”
Thunder never acknowledged Aaron’s astonishment.  He simply held his stance and instructed him further.  “You are to give this sword to Danielle during the ceremony tonight where she will then hold it in trust for her future son, just as was done by her ancestors, signifying the traditions of the family and the continuation of the bloodline.”
Aaron accepted the sword with as much grace as he could muster.  Grasping the sword with both hands firmly on the hilt, he lifted it out in front of him, testing its weight and admiring the beauty of the embedded rubies that flanked the hilt on either side.  He fought hard not to let out the response of ‘Wow, this is really cool’ slip past his lips, knowing it contained no dignity whatsoever.  Instead, he offered a humble, “Thank you.  I am honored.”
“And there’s one more thing...Freya asked me to give you this.”  Thunder held out an official looking sealed envelope.  Aaron broke the waxy seal and opened the envelope and read the note it contained.  A smile crept across his face.
“Well, what does it say?” Steele blurted out his curiosity.  “I mean, if you don’t mind sharing, that is.”
“You are worthy,” Aaron answered and a wide smile slowly spread across his handsome face.
Vengeance stepped forward and gave Aaron a manly slap on the back.  “Of course, you are.  Which is why you must now come with us.”
“To where?”
“To the portal of Valhalla,” Thunder answered.  “Being mortal, you can’t enter the portal, but being near it will be the next best thing and very acceptable for our purposes.”  He turned to the group, “Come, we’re running short of time, so we’re tracing to our destination.”
“I’ve got the newbie.”  Steele grabbed Aaron’s arm and said, “Hang tight.  We’re going for a ride.”
Before Aaron knew what had happened he suddenly found himself in a clearing beside a base of an old Ponderosa pine tree, feeling a bit woozy.
“Don’t worry.  You’ll get used to that,” Steele offered after he made sure Aaron had his bearings.
Thunder and Vengeance stood next to the ancient looking tree while the others gathered in a half-circle formation in front of them.
“Aaron Janson, come forward,” Thunder called out in his deep booming voice.
“It’s okay,” Steele whispered, sensing Aaron’s hesitancy.  “This is all formality and we all go through it.  You’ll be fine.”
Aaron did as he was commanded and made his way to stand in the center of the circle where Vengeance joined him.  It was quite unnerving to be surrounded by such strength but he held his intimidation in check and refused to show any fear.  Thunder nodded for Vengeance to proceed.  He unsheathed a heavily jeweled dagger and instructed Aaron to hold out his right arm.
“This is the Dagger of Destiny given to us by Odin.  Its purpose is to make us one with each other, of the same blood.  Freyodin Warriors, come forth and welcome our newest warrior,” Thunder instructed.
Before Aaron realized what was happening, Vengeance had made shallow cuts in both Aaron’s palm and his forearm.  Then he took the dagger and did the same to himself and clasp his forearm to Aaron’s firmly linking their forearms from elbow to elbow, and causing the blood from their palms to mingle with the blood from the other’s forearm.  “You are now a part of me, as I am of you.  Welcome, brother mine.”
Steele was next to approach him from the outer lying circle.  Accepting the dagger from Vengeance, he repeated the same cuts on himself, then held his muscular arm arced in front of his large body.
Aaron clasped Steele’s offering with his own and met him eye to eye as Steele repeated the oath.  “You are now a part of me, as I am of you.  Welcome, brother mine.”
One by one, each of the warriors joined him in the circle to apply the same cuts to their sinewy arms and clasp Aaron’s forearm, mingling their blood with his and repeating the sacred oath.  Thunder was the last to approach him and complete the ritual.
“You are now a part of me, as I am of you.  You are now our brother warrior, joining us in our fight against the evil forces and protection of mankind.  Welcome, brother mine.”
Aaron’s lack of confidence welled to the forefront.  “But I don’t possess your strength and cannot wield a weapon like each of you.  How can I be a brother warrior?”
“You wield your own weapon…that of knowledge that can lead us all to the end of this war.  That type of weapon makes you no less important.”
“Should I say something?  Are there vows or an oath of some kind that I should make?”    Aaron wondered what pledge he would now have to make.  He was still uncertain that he could live up to the commitment that the other warriors had made.  Then Thunder smiled at him with assurance and placed his hands firmly on Aaron’s shoulders.
“You already have or you wouldn’t be here now.  The Gods know what is in your heart and judge you by your actions and deeds.  No spoken words could be more sincere than the light your own soul reflect to the heavens for all to see.  The honor bestowed on you now is a rare gift that many will never aspire to.  Accept it and use it wisely for the good of your people.”
Aaron nodded because there was no other choice for him but to accept it and do the best he could with what he’d been given.  “Thank you for this honor.  I hope to live up to the Gods expectation of me.
He wasn’t sure, but he felt different.  A little stronger, surer and more confident of his body and how it moved.  Surely, the blood exchange didn’t cause some change in him.  He was still concerned about the warrior title that had been bestowed on him.  He didn’t believe he was worthy.  Maybe someday, but not today.
Aaron looked down at his hand and noticed the cut was completely healed, then check his forearm for the wound that should have been there, but wasn’t.  He saw the smearing of blood but nothing more and the sting of the gash was also now absent.  “All right, the weapon aside.  I’m not going to turn into a vampire, I am?”  Yea, he was a little freaked out all of a sudden.  He hadn’t had a chance to think about mixing vampire blood with his own until now - which was too late, no matter the cost.
Everyone laughed.
“Absolutely not.  You are still human, Aaron.  Just enhanced a bit with a few upgrades.”
“Yes, you’ll heal a little faster, run a little faster, be a little stronger.  Oh, and have a little more stamina, too.  If you know what I mean…,” Turbo explained with a wicked grin.
“Not quite as well as we do, but it’s still an upgrade,” Steele offered.
“I do feel a little different.  Can I trace and speak and all that?”
Give it a try, Thunder suggested mentally.
“Hey!  I heard that!” Aaron shouted.  Oh shit.  Maybe I should have said that in my thoughts.
“You just did.  We all heard you,” Turbo laughed.
“Guess I’ll have to work on that.”
“Don’t worry,” Steele injected.  “We’ll show you how.”
“Can I talk to Danielle, too?”
“Of course, she’s a warrior,” Thunder answered.  “But you’ll have a much deeper connection with her after tonight.  Just wait and see.”
The stirring of the gathered crowd brought Aaron back to the present, reminding him of where he stood.  All eyes watched as a woman of pure ethereal beauty approached and strode gracefully behind the altar, her cerulean robes and long blonde hair seemed to magically swirl around her.  She caught and held his gaze with her electric blue eyes as she nodded to him, acknowledging his presence, and Aaron returned the gesture.  He knew this must be Freya and wondered if he should bow or something.
Thank you, but no.  You needn’t bow.  She continued her perusal.   You’ll be good for my daughter, I’m sure.
I’m certainly going to try.
I have it on good authority that you will succeed…in many things.

*****

Vengeance preceded Danielle down the pathway to the horgr that was ornamented with flowering vines and candles.  He bore a dazzling sword that would be Danielle’s wedding gift to her new husband and strode confidently to the altar.  Reverently, he acknowledged Freya, then carefully placed the sword on the altar, smiled at Aaron and took his place among the small gathering beside Makayla.
Looks like you boys owe me a little something, Makayla projected to Savage and Vengeance.
And what might that be? Vengeance asked.
Have you forgotten so easily?  It went a little something like ‘a favor of my choosing from each of you’ should these two hook up for any extended amount of time.  And you can’t get more ‘hooked’ than this.
Savage, who was standing by her other side, simply gave a non-committing grunt, but his eyes flashed daringly.
Yep.  Someday in the near future, I will come collecting on those favors.  Not sure when or what they will be, but be prepared, lovers.   No sense cashing in her chips early.  She’d just hang on to these chips until she needed them.
The two men shared a look of uncertainty, the daring gone from Savage’s eyes, replaced with a bit of unease.  At least that’s what it looked like to Makayla.  It was good to keep them a little off balance.  Her attention was brought back to the ceremony as Thunder arrived on the pathway, regally escorting Danielle.
Aaron watched as Danielle made her way toward him.  She was resplendent in her beauty.  The red and brown highlights in her long blonde hair shimmered around the crown of flowers resting on her head, intermingling with the ribbons that loosely braided throughout and draped down over her graceful shoulders.  She looked like a true Goddess and was, in his eyes.  He couldn’t wait to peel those lovely layers of white chiffon off of her delectable body to worship her the way she should be worshiped.  As his eyes traveled back to her face, she met and held his gaze until she came to stand beside him.  Thunder placed her trembling hand in his, kissed her sweetly on the cheek and bowed with a nod to Freya before joining the other witnesses.
Freya took a moment to look at her beautiful daughter and smile before her melodic voice rose summoning the attention of the Gods and Goddesses with an ancient invocation, invoking the deities of fertility and marriage, inviting them to join her in blessing the bonding between Aaron and Danielle.
Keeping with tradition, Danielle took the sword from the altar and, with slightly trembling hands, presented Aaron with her gift, symbolizing her willingness to trust he would guard and protect her body and soul.  “I give you all of myself,” she said, her voice low and quivering.
Aaron then pulled his ancestor’s sword from its sheath at his back and, kneeling down on one knee, presented the blade to her.  “This is my ancestor’s sword, from my bloodline.  Please keep this always, for our future son or daughter.”  He smiled up at her, knowing she’d appreciate that he’d broken the traditional vow by mentioning a female offspring.
When Danielle saw what he held, she flinched in recognition.  “But where did you…,” she whispered.
“It seems the Gods have their ways,” he answered her softly.  He stood when she smiled, assuring him that all was right with the world.
Freya cleared her throat lowly to gain their attention.  “Normally, at this point of the ceremony, I would bless the bonding chains upon the altar, to strengthen the link between them, the unbroken circle and the unbreakable and sacred vows, but it seems these two are in a hurry and ahead of schedule.”  The audience of friends laughed at Freya’s jest.  “So instead, they will receive my blessing directly unto themselves.”
Looking at Aaron, she said, “Don’t worry.  It’s painless.  Or so I’ve heard…”  More laughter followed, but Aaron wore a less than confident look on his face.  “Before we continue, Aaron, I need to know that you understand the commitment you are making, how your life will change from now until forever, the secrets you must keep to protect our kind and the sacrifices you must make in order to live a life with Danielle.  This choice can never be unmade, never broken and your lifespan will now be joined with hers.  Should she live a thousand years or only a day more, you will share her fate from this day forward.  No one here would think less of you if you walked away right now.  Not even Danielle.  The commitment you are making is beyond the bravery of even most of us here today, so we would not fault you for choosing to leave.”
With a confidence his hadn’t quite felt before, Aaron stood his ground physically straighter and firmer as he answered, “No, this is what I want.  I choose to bond with Danielle.”
Danielle let out a breath she hadn’t known she held, closing her eyes as she tried to calm her suddenly rapid beating heart.  With that breath, she also let go of the last doubts that had plagued her heart and mind.  All of the previous hurt she’d harbored within her flowed out into the atmosphere and disappeared on the sweet forest scented breeze.
Freya was pleased and convinced that now they were both truly ready.  She plunged Aaron’s sword into the ground between them.  “Please join hands upon the sword and we’ll do the expedited version.”
They did.  She blessed.  Aaron felt no pain whatsoever.  Just relief…until he noticed that Danielle’s chain began to lightly glow.  He looked down and discovered his did the same.
“Almost done,” Freya assured him as she made her way around the altar.  “Danielle, step forward and give me your hand.”  Freya took her offered hand and reached out with her other one, twinning it around Danielle’s binding chain.  When her hand came away, she held a dainty ring made of the same unearthly material and placed it on Danielle’s finger.  “This is a ring for motherhood, which I have blessed with fertility and bestow to you, my daughter.”  Danielle thanked her and kissed her lightly on the cheek.
With the ring upon her hand, the chains around their necks, and their hands joined once again upon the hilt of Aaron’s sword, the couple then spoke their vows.
“Aaron, you are mine, the other half of my soul.  You were meant for me and this time destiny got it right.  It took twelve hundred years to find you.  The binding chain knew that you were my true soulmate all along.  No one else can fill the empty void my life would have been without you and no one else will love you like I will.  This I swear.”
Upon hearing Danielle’s vows, Makayla and a few of the other females began to softly cry.  Most for happy reasons, but Makayla felt torn between sadness and hope.  Sadness shadowed her soul for the loss of her mate and what they had shared.  Hope for Danielle’s future happiness, and possibly someday, even her own.  She was flanked on either side by her sister, Valeria, and her friend, Zahara, who both understood her turmoil and draped their arms around her, drawing her near.
Makayla’s discomfort wasn’t the only feeling that Zahara was picking up on in the assembly of warriors and friends.  She glanced behind her to see Vex quietly leaving the gathering.  It would take a blind man to miss the sorrow and bitterness that consumed him.  She sent a prayer to the Gods for his safe keeping and well-being before returning her attention to the ceremony.
“Danielle, you are my friend, my lover and now my mate.  I promise to love you unconditionally, to support you in your goals, to honor and respect you, to laugh with you and cry with you, and to cherish you.  I look forward to sharing life’s journey with you, however long that may be.  Whether we have forever together or only a day, the time will have been worth it, because I have you to share it with.”
A small tear spilled over and slid down Danielle’s cheek, catching at the corner of her bright smile.  Aarons own eyes glowed with adoration as Freya’s voice whispered on the wind for their ears alone.  “Good show, you two.  Now, go forth and make me proud of your union.”  Then she raised her arms and her voice and addressed the assembly, “All who are gathered here, gods, warriors or immortals be, whether in body or spirit, bear witness this eve to the eternal bonding of Danielle, daughter of the Goddess Freya, and Aaron Jansen, descendant of Freyodin Warrior Alarr.  All of Valhalla rejoices this blessed union.”
A mighty cheer went up around them that echoed through the forest.  A smattering of light brilliant white snowflakes descended on and mystically swirled around them.  Danielle looked out toward their guests searching for one in particular.
Myste winked and smiled brightly, speaking to Danielle’s mind alone, Just a little magical wedding present for you…
Danielle inclined her head in thanks then returned her adoring gaze to Aaron.
Freya leaned into Aaron.  “You may kiss her now.”
And so he did.  Aaron wasted no time, taking her in his arms and none-too-shyly ravishing her mouth, which she returned with equal fervor.  It was an emboldened kiss.  One Danielle would remember for her long lifetime to come.  But before they could bring their connection to a mutual end, Danielle was surrounded by a gaggle of women dragging her away.  She quickly blew a kiss to Aaron and joined them at a full run without a single word.
“Move your ass, man, or we’ll be serving those wenches all night long!” Steele yelled from behind him.  He was instantly caught up in a horde of running male warriors being practically dragged between them.
“What?  Where are we going?”  Aaron was completely lost as to what was happening at the moment.  All he knew was that he had been separated again from his new bride.  Definitely, something he was not okay with this time.
“Move, move, move!” Steele roared, hanging on to Aaron’s jacket with one hand, his other arm pumping fast at his side as he flew across the field before them.
Turbo interjected through huffs of breath, “It’s an old Scandinavian custom of ours called the bride-running or bride-grooms ride.  If we don’t beat the females to the feasting hall, we’ll be serving them ale all night long instead of the other way around.  No tracing aloud.  So move your ass!”
Okay…This sounded like fun.  Aaron picked up speed.  Although the earlier blood exchange had made him stronger and faster, he still wasn’t as fast as the others, but with their help he sort of ran like he was semi-floating above the ground, touching about every other footfall.  Soon the males were gaining on the females, working their way through the throng and leaving them behind in their wake.  Aaron felt Danielle’s nearness and searched for the sight of her but couldn’t locate her.
Once they reached the feasting hall, Aaron was placed at the doorway to await his bride.  Another custom called for him to lead her into the hall so she would not stumble over the threshold.  Unlike modern day homes, medieval homes had a raised lip at the bottom of the doorway in order to stop the cold winter drafts and had to be stepped over in order to pass through.  Stepping over the threshold represented the bride's transformation from maiden to wife.  It was very similar to carrying a bride over the threshold of her new home, which was the custom Aaron chose to adhere to.
As soon as Danielle approached the door, Aaron whipped her up into his arms and brought his lips down to hers in a rousing kiss that sent heated flames through Danielle and a rosy glow spread up her cheeks and down to her breasts.
“There you are,” he murmured softly against her mouth.
“Yes, and I’m all yours now,” she answered before pulling back slightly.  “We’d better get inside before they come looking for us.”
“If we must,” he teased and laughed as he held her close and entered the hall.
The night was filled with dancing, laughter, love and food galore.  The women accepted their loss and kept the ale flowing freely all evening.  As the festivities came to a close, Thunder approached the table where the newly bonded couple sat.  He knelt at the feet of Danielle and placed his famous weapon, the Hammer of Mjolnir, onto her lap as a blessing of fertility.
“Please accept this token as a blessing on you both for a fruitful marriage,” Thunder offered.  He placed another chaste kiss on Danielle’s cheek.  The couple thanked him in turn.
“Another custom?” Aaron asked.
“I’m afraid so.”  Danielle turned to look at Aaron.  “Thank you for being such a good sport about all of this.  We don’t get to practice these traditions very often around here.”
“Anything for you, love.  Anything.”
His words came back to bite him in the ass as a roaring cheer filled the room and the women gathered around to claim Danielle once more.
“Oh, no.  Not again,” Aaron complained.
“It’s only for a short while, love.  I’ll see you soon.  Promise.”
And then she was gone.
“Damn! This is the third time over the last twenty-four hours that she’s been taken away from me,” Aaron grumbled, but with humor.  If he didn’t know any better, he’d think these customs were simply a way to make him suffer.  He’d been sporting a semi since last night and couldn’t take much more.
“Not to worry.  We’ll take you to her soon enough,” Blaze offered, draping his arm around Aaron’s shoulders.
“Yea, don’t worry, Doc,” Turbo interrupted.  “After tonight, you won’t ever be able to get rid of her.  Literally.  Forever.”  Laughter erupted all around Aaron.
Forever.  He smiled.  It was a forever he couldn’t wait to begin.

*****

“I wondered when you’d get around to paying me a visit.  I actually expected you sooner.”  Thunder looked pointedly at the warrior across the room whose entire demeanor appeared emotionally battered.  “You’ve shown exceptional restraint throughout this entire ordeal, Vex, and I’m very pleased with you.”
Barely holding his rage in check, Vex requested, “Permission to speak freely, sir.”
“Yes, of course.  You know we hold no ceremony here.  Say what you will, warrior.”
“I am not pleased with you!  How can this be?” he spat through tight lips, knowing full well that he was raging at an actual god, but caring naught at the moment.
Thunder watched as the rage physically drained away from Vex’s body to be replaced by unmistakable defeat.  “Why?” his comrade asked.  “Why him?  Why not her?”
Thunder wished he could console his warrior, his friend, but he knew his answer would be inadequate.  “I’m sorry, Vex, but it’s not for me to speculate the reasons or choices of the gods.”
“But you are one…”
“Yes, you’re right, I am.  This decision, as well as the decision made ten years ago, was not mine to make.  I was only charged with carrying it out, just as you were.  I know you blame me, and if that makes you feel better, I’ll gladly bear the culpability.  Yet, in my defense, in my capacity as a warrior, I am not unlike you.  I follow the rulings and orders passed down by those above me with the belief that they have the knowledge necessary to make a more informed decision.  It’s the way it has always been since the creation of the Freyodin Warriors and I trust them to do what has to be done for the betterment of us and mankind alike.  The warriors’ vow and duty is selfless.  This life is a second chance to save humanity from the immortal threats our kind has brought upon them.  Without us, they would be annihilated, or worse, enslaved.  God or not, this is also my vow.  But I’m not telling you anything you don’t already know.”  He paused a moment then continued, his tone low and filled with sincerity, “Tell me.  How can I help you, my friend?”
“Help me to understand.  Please,” Vex pleaded.  “I hear what you’re saying and my brain accepts and agrees with you, but my soul…it still cries out for her.”
“I can tell you this…although mortal, Aaron was needed.  He holds a place in this battle, just as you do.  If not for this reason alone, he would not have been permitted to join us.  Your female was not only mortal but was so young.  There are things happening around us that we don’t understand and are not meant to, whether now or ever.  It’s not up to us to question.  Only accept.”
Vex steadied himself and stood taller, pulling his back ramrod straight in military fashion.  His youthful face hardened and his normally blue/green eyes turned dark and cold.  “You’re right.  I apologize for my emotional outburst.”
“No apology necessary, warrior,” Thunder conveyed with respect.  “Now, if you’re ready, you’ve been selected for a special assignment.”
“Always ready, sir.”  Vex maintained his rigid stance.
“Then will you relax, please?  Sit down and I’ll fill you in on the details.  You’re going to the University of Oregon to check out the linguist that works with Aaron.  We need to find out what she knows and get our hands on the original and all copies of the documents that Aaron discovered.  This mission is vital.  Select a female to go with you undercover…”

*****

Chapter Twenty



Valeria placed the nightrail of creamy silk over Danielle’s head.  Déjà vu.  I think we’ve been here once before.
Danielle heard the shared thoughts.  Yes, and once again, you are assisting me for my wedding night, my friend.  Thank you.
“No need to thank me and you know it.  I wouldn’t have missed this for the world.  At least this nightrail, I mean negligee, is of this century.  Not like the first one.  Quite sexy, I’d say.  And beautiful to boot.  Freya did really well this time,” she said, referring to another of Freya’s gifts to her daughter.
Danielle thought back to her first wedding night, that first nightrail and her tragedy with Alarr.  She felt more and more blessed as this day had progressed.  “Yes, things are looking up in that part of my life, too.”  Danielle smiled as she thought of her renewed relationship with her mother.  She watched as the other women scurried around, fluffing pillows and placing fragrant flowers and candles around the room, setting a romantic atmosphere.
“It’s all so lovely.  Thank you, everyone.”
“You’re very welcome, sister,” Makayla answered as she hugged her.  “But we need to hurry.  With the looks Aaron was giving you, we don’t have much time before…”
A thunderous interrupting knock sounded at the door.  The ladies listened as demands of entry were made with peals of laughter and lewd suggestive advice.  “It’s time, woman.  Your man awaits and by the looks of it, is very impatient, I might add.”
“What did I tell you?” Makayla laughed loudly and then shivered with thoughts of her own prospective night at Vengeance’s authoritative voice.  The excitement was quite contagious.
By torchlight, the men had led Aaron to Danielle’s house and to her bedroom door.  Tradition dictated that they put the groom to bed with his wife before they left them alone.
“Hurry, Danielle,” Valeria instructed.  “Climb up in the bed before they bust that door completely down.”
She jumped onto the bed, trying to feign a casual appearance that wasn’t anywhere near convincing, when the door came swinging open wide and large, hulking male bodies streamed through and tossed an exuberant groom onto the bed beside her.  Danielle bounced high, nearly flying off the bed completely on the other side.  Cheers and laughter filled the room.
Aaron immediately reached out and steadied her in his arms.  “I’ve got you.  Come here.”  He took in the sight of her from head to toe, then looked into her eyes smiling.  “Now, this Scandinavian tradition I actually like!”
Danielle’s own laughter died on her lips as he pulled her in closer for a kiss.
“That’s our cue,” Vengeance bellowed while herding everyone toward the door.  “Everyone out.  The party will continue back at the hall.”
Along with much ribaldry and hilarity, someone heralded the obligatory, “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do…”  Shortly after, the house fell silent as their friends all traced away.
“Are they gone?” Aaron whispered against her lips.
“Yes,” she laughed and teasingly added, “Oh, what shall we do now?” in her best Scarlet O’Hara voice, the back of her hand resting on her forehead in a feigning fashion.
Aaron pulled back and sat up on the bed with his legs stretched out in front of him.  She lovingly admired his well-developed chest and stomach muscles through the unbuttoned tuxedo shirt he wore.  The scent of his maleness filled the air around her.  Thrilled at the thought that he was now hers, only hers.
“Frankly, I have no idea, darlin’,” he replied mockingly while see-sawing his eyebrows in an up and down gesture.  “Why don’t you climb up here on my lap and we’ll figure something out.”  As Danielle moved to do as he asked, Aaron halted her for a moment, cupping her chin gently in his hand.  “God, do you have any idea how beautiful you are?  How amazing you looked in your gown?  Like an angel.  When you walked toward me, it took everything I had not to say the hell with it all and drag you into my arms tonight.”
As Danielle gracefully continued her descent onto his lap, he guided her legs around his waist, virtually wrapping her around him, she noticed the serious look in his startling eyes.  “You don’t have to tell me I’m beautiful, silly.  We’re already bonded.  I’m a sure thing.”  She meant it playfully, of course, but he remained sincere.
“I mean it, Danielle.  I love you.  I love touching you and holding you and…”
“Shhh,” she said, effectively cutting him off with a finger on his lips.  “I know.  And I love you, too.  Just hold me for a sec, will you?”
“For the rest of my life,” he vowed as he pulled her head down to rest on his shoulder.
Gently, they began to rock together.  Danielle felt so safe in his arms, and there was something else she’d never felt before…complete.  She knew to the depths of her soul that wherever they were from now on, as long as they were together, it would feel like home.
Aaron pressed feather light kisses along the top of her head, slowly moving downward, his tongue darting around the shell of her ear and continuing into the tender bend where her neck met her shoulder.  The ministrations of his sensual mouth, teeth and tongue stirred her desire and she moaned as her hips began a subtle grinding movement against the hardening length between them.
The hem of her sleek nightgown was inched upward, tugged slowly over her head and tossed carelessly to the floor beside the bed, baring her completely to him.  She shivered as he cupped her breasts in his hands, her silky soft skin against his callused palms, strumming his thumbs over her dusky nipples until they formed tight rigid peaks that beckoned his mouth to savor them.  His head lowered, taking her into the warm cavern of his mouth and groaning at the sweet taste of her skin.
Mine, he thought.
Yes, she answered.
Danielle clutched his head to her breast, delighting in the feel of him as she ran her fingers through his short sandy hair.  “Help me,” she said, eagerly pulling his shirt off partially over one shoulder.
“Hold on to my shoulders,” he instructed.  Then Aaron reached back, pulling off the remnants of his shirt and lifted Danielle upward with one arm high enough to push his pants and briefs down over his hips with the other, kicking the remainder down and off with his out-stretched legs.  As he brought her back into his lap, he aligned his cock to her center and slowly lowered her onto his steely length.  Danielle closed her eyes, consumed by the feel of Aaron entering her so intimately in a single slow glide.
“No, love.”  He tenderly cupped her cheek with his hand.  “Open your eyes.  I want to watch your beautiful face while I make love to you.”
Danielle complied and he saw as well as felt the profoundness of her love flowing through her.  Aaron reached behind her, gripping her bottom in his hands with barely controlled restraint and rocked solidly into her.  He was torn between tenderly ravishing her and madly thrusting into her, but contained his near feral urges.  They had plenty of time for the latter.  Danielle’s hazel eyes blazed brighter with each thrust Aaron made into her tight slick sheath.
As they began to move together, the sensations emitted became almost a physical presence surrounding them and melding into their very beings, lifting them higher to a plane of existence all their own.  This position limited Aaron’s movement, preventing him from pulling his hardened length completely out of Danielle, locking them in a constant intimate connection as they unhurriedly explored each other.
Aaron took her mouth in a rapturous kiss, moving his tongue against hers, building the intensity of their coupling.  He torturously dragged his mouth down her neck and shoulders with tender kisses and teasing nips of his teeth, across the dimly glowing chain encasing her throat, slowly reaching the destination he sought at the hollow cleft between her breasts.  The same supple breasts that were peaked to full arousal, their hardened nipples rubbing sensuously against his chest and beckoning him to taste them again.  Danielle moaned as he took her in his mouth, continuing his torment of little nips, laving his roughened tongue on one breast and then the other.
Danielle continued her exploration of his hard lean body, unable to get her fill of touching him.  Her senses heightened to the sights and sounds around her.  The scratching of her nails on his tight muscular torso, running up and down his sides toward the straining glistening shoulders at his back.  His hot panting breaths against her skin as he nuzzled her neck and lightly kissed her hairline up to her temple.  The friction and heat of their joining as they rocked together, the ease turning to more frantic needs and movements as their passion built higher and higher.
As their lips sought out and met, Aaron kissed her with an urgency that spread like fluid fire throughout her body, burning her so deep that she could feel his soul mingling with hers.  He cupped her bottom with both hands, lifting her completely off his iron cock and plunged fully and profoundly into her slick heated cavern, grinding his pelvis with hers.  Then again and again.
So close.  So close.  The waves of pleasure crescendoed until they peaked together at the same moment in ecstasy.  Danielle arched backward, screaming out as he filled her with his hot seed.  Aaron’s animalistic roar pierced the air as he claimed his new mate, throbbing and pulsing within her, feeling the completion of their joining.  They clung tightly together without a word until their rapid breathing began to slow.
“Oh, my God.”  Aaron looked down at Danielle’s throat, his eyes wide.
“What?  What is it?”  She began to panic, running her hand up her chest.
“Everything,” he said a little more calmly then added a small smile.  Finally, the smile moved upward and his eyes began to twinkle somewhat.
“Everything?” she asked, attempting to match his calm.
Yes.  I not only hear your thoughts, but I can feel what you’re feeling.  Not physically, but intuitively.  And the bonding chain…it’s glowing…I mean really glowing now.
Of course, it is, silly.  What did you think was going to happen?
I don’t know.  We never got around to talking about that.
“Yea, I guess you’re right.” she laughed aloud.  She examined and fingered the chain draped across his collarbone.  “Come to think of it, I’ve never seen them glow this brightly either.”  Hmmm…, she pondered for a moment then pushed it away for tomorrow.  Tomorrow her dreams would be noted, for they were held to be prophetic of the number of children she would bear, the fortune of her marriage, and the destiny of her descendants.
“Let’s let the mystery lie for now and chalk it up to how very much I love you.”  Aaron cupped her face with his hand, tilting it upward and looked soulfully into her shining eyes.  “Thank you, Danielle.”
Danielle didn’t need to ask for what.  For the first time in her long life, she felt whole and content.  No longer would she be haunted by doubts or regrets from the past.  No longer would she be alone.  She completely understood Aaron’s thought and feelings.  For they were also her own.
“Thank you back, my love.”

*****

Dear Reader:

If you liked Love’s Betrayal, we would appreciate it if you would help others enjoy this book, too, by recommending it to your friends on Goodreads, lending it on your e-Reader or by writing a positive review at your favorite retailer or other media that you acquired it from.  Look for Vex’s story, Timeless Love, now available, with more in the Freyodin Warrior Series to follow close behind.  Drop us an email to let us know which characters are your favorites and who or what you’d like to see a story on.  We’re always interested in meeting new friends.

Please send your feedback via email at http://elizabetteremon.com. 

Thank you.

Elizabeth & Jeanette


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Elizabette Remon is actually a team of two best friends doing one of the many things they enjoy doing together – creating and writing.  They are both native Texans and have been friends for more years than they're willing to admit.
Elizabeth is a lover of mystery, paranormal and romance of all kinds.  Her passions are laughing, reading, writing, singing, 80’s music, travel, family and romantic comedies – not necessarily in that order.  Between her family and life’s necessities, she gets her creative writing juices flowing bringing her experiences and over-active imagination to life, creating worlds of passion and fantasy.
Her biggest personal fantasy is to find and fall into that Hot Tub Time Machine which would throw her back into the 1980’s where she would devote her life to being an avid groupie of Steve Perry, Jon Bon Jovi, Sammy Hagar and Eddy Van Halen – preferably in that order.
Jeanette cares for family and friends and loves traveling and experiencing life to the fullest, which provides great opportunities to expand on her creative imagination.  She fell in love with reading romance novels when she was a teenager.  Now her dream is to write her own.  Her motto is 'I live reality.  I want to write fantasy.'
But most of all, they are avid believers in the HEA – Happily Ever After – filled with fun and feisty heroines and alluring muscled men, cowboys, pirates, highlanders, vampires, werewolves, or anatomically correct aliens, draped in leather, denim, kilts or nothing at all.  Their goals in writing are to take you away to another world, place or time - an alternate reality where they hope you will discover love, desire, laughter, excitement and maybe an occasional tear.  Come join them and escape…

To learn more about Elizabeth and Jeanette and for upcoming releases, giveaways and free books, please visit:

Our webpage at:  http://elizabetteremon.com
Email us at:  mailto:elizabetteremon@yahoo.com 
Or at:  elizabeth.emmons_author@yahoo.com
Visit us on Facebook at:  https://www.facebook.com/Elizabetteremon

UPCOMING RELEASE

TIMELESS LOVE
By
ELIZABETTE REMON

Available Now

Immortality is never ending and unforgiving when you’re all alone…

Vex is a Freyodin Warrior sworn to protect mortals from the evils of the world.  He’s bitter and angry since he lost his love several years ago, but pushes through to do the job he pledged to do when he became immortal.  With his deadly daggers, he duals out punishment as fierce as the pain that slices his own heart.
Rebecca is a linguist at the nearby university working on translating an ancient scroll and solving a riddle that could change the course of history as well as the future as we know it.  She stumbles into trouble that requires someone rescue and protect her.  Hiding her away from the danger that seeks to destroy her.  And she is Vex’s lost love.  Lost because of her humanity.
It’s an assignment he doesn’t want, but can’t trust to anyone else.  Will Vex be able to save her from their enemies and from himself or will she be lost to him once again?

Timeless Love is about 100,000 words, and the second book in a series of paranormal romance novels, following the Freyodin Warriors and the mortals that love them.  If you’re looking for stories that contain love, lust, epic battles, fierce warriors and the enemies who taunt them, you’ve found the right read!  These books can be read standalone or in the series order.  No cliffhangers and every book contains a guaranteed HEA!

Read on for an excerpt - 

CHAPTER ONE



It was the hardest goddamn thing he’d ever had to do.
His gut clenched and he felt as if someone was ripping out his heart from his chest cavity with a million red hot pokers as he softly closed the door for the final time and began to force his feet to trudge down the cement walkway.  The pressure encompassing his head would surely explode at any moment and his vision blurred, making it impossible to decipher the jagged cracks on the pavement below.  The brilliant early morning sky above him resembled a kaleidoscope bursting upon the horizon, but all he could see was the gloomy grays burrowing his feet.  Oh Goddess, why did it have to hurt so much?  Why did he have to feel so much?  He hadn’t intended for this to happen, hadn’t planned it.  But it did.  Like it was preordained, predestined or something utterly unavoidable.  He wished he’d had Zahara’s gifts of sight and visions to forewarn him of this insufferable mistake.  He’d gladly go back and undo it all to stop this torture he alone must bear.
Wait!  No!  That’s not right.  Never.
Never would he forget, nor would he regret.  This was his path to travel and it had been so blessedly sweet while it lasted.  Somehow, he’d try to remember the happier moments when it became too hard to deal.  Like now.  He’d have to find a way to separate the pain from the memories.  Somehow.
He attempted that now as his thoughts drifted to last night…

*****

It took everything he had within him to hold his emotions in check.  This was their last night together and she couldn’t know it.  If all went well, he’d keep it together long enough to use his gift of enthrallment to carefully extract all memory of him and their time together from her mind.  He had to do it.  It was the only way he could think to spare her the pain.  She deserved a better life.  Although letting her go would hurt worse than the pain of a thousand scorpion strikes upon his flesh, he knew it was the right thing to do.  For her sake.
Thunder was right.  His leader had commanded him to end the relationship.  The relationship that should not have gotten as far as it did, especially in such a short time span.  The warriors could dabble in sexual adventure with mortals but lasting relationships were forbidden.  It was too great a threat to their secret existence.
Even though she was incredibly mature for her age, in reality, she was only eighteen years of age.  She was finishing her first year at college and her life had just begun.  He was no match for her.  Only through the grace of the gods was he living out his second existence as a Freyodin Warrior.  A life she knew naught and could never be a part of.
But knowing this hadn’t kept him from falling in love with her.  Falling hard and fast.  And now he must end it.  But he would make love to her…one last time.  That is what he must think on for now.
“Rebecca,” he murmured against the soft shell of her ear while running his strong hands up and down the length of her long, slender legs.  He continued his slow exploration of her body as they lay naked together, memorizing every curve, bend and dip of her.  Just as he would take her memories away, he wanted his memories to last until his last breath.
Rebecca’s passion heightened almost to the point of madness. “Ben, stop teasing me,” she begged.  She was the only person he allowed to call him by his given name.  The name he answered to when he was mortal.  “Please.”  Her plea was a warm rasping whisper across his skin as she nuzzled into the crook of his neck.
“In due time, my love.  We have all night.”
“No, Ben.  I need you now.”  She writhed against him trying to find purchase and force him to cease his gentle ministrations, to touch her where she needed him most.  She wanted his rough hands on her, in her.  His mouth doing all the things she so loved that sent her soaring to the clouds.
“And you have me now,” he teased with a slight laugh, refusing her request.  He continued with his light strokes up and down the sides of her ribs, barely brushing the underside of her breasts.
“Stop mocking me.”  She playfully swatted on his powerfully muscular chest then ran her hand down his perfect stomach.  His torso was hard as granite and she bit her bottom lip to stop from moaning as she let that hand fall lower, taking a firm grasp of his cock.  Also granite hard.
Vex growled against her throat as he involuntarily thrust up into her hand.  Only she could ring such intense reactions out of him so easily.  “You’re not playing fair, love.  But two can play that game,” he warned.  Then he bit down on her tender flesh where her neck and shoulder met with just the right amount of teeth and pressure.  Just enough pleasure and pain that he knew would make her squirm with need even more.  He knew all of her erogenous zones intimately and planned to draw them out.
Tonight, he would explore, savor and commit to memory every part of her, every sound, sigh, cry or pant that emitted from her lips, the way she moved above and beneath him, how she felt as her silky core surrounded him, the feel of her hands and lips on his eager body, the look of rapture on her face as she came apart in his arms.  He wanted everything emblazoned in his mind so that he might recall it on the long lonely nights ahead of him.
He gave her what she wanted, entering her core in maddeningly measured increments.  He made love to her languidly, tenderly, passionately.  Long lingering kisses, slow deliberate strokes inside of her, building her desire unhurriedly to a fever pitch that caused her to beg for relief.  When she could finally take no more, he plunged harder, faster, and rose himself above her to view her beautiful face as she reached her peak, crying out his name.  The feel of her inner muscles contracting around him forced him to relinquish his own control.  He joined her in his own release, filling her with his seed, his heart and his soul with a gut wrenching cry.
Vex immediately gathered her to him, holding on so tightly, his body refused to let her go.  It was too hard and he was too emotionally raw, but he knew he had no choice, so he quickly pulled himself together and fixed a false smile on his face.  Fortunately, she still floated in her bliss and his blunder hadn’t given him away.
They laughed, talked and made love several more times before dawn.  As Rebecca drifted off to sleep wrapped tightly in Vex’s arms, she murmured, “Thank you, Ben.  It was a wonderful, unforgettable night.  You know I love you, right?”  Her long tawny eyelashes fluttered slowly down to rest on her cheeks.
“Yes, Rebecca.  I know.  I love you, too, and I shall never forget,” he answered her though he doubted she was cognizant enough to hear it.
He would hold her while she slept this one last time, as he began the agonizing task of making her forget…

*****

At least she wouldn’t suffer.  He took solace in that.  She’d never recall the times he held her in his arms.  Kissing her sweet lips until they were swollen with desire.  Molding her supple curves perfectly into his hard yearning body.  Bringing her to completion again and again as she cried out his name.  A cry that would haunt him for eternity.
The godsdamn eternity he had to face…alone…without her.
No, there was no going back.  Even if he could.  Why had he finally found love as he’d never known before just to have it viciously wrenched away?  Fate had played a cruel, cruel joke on this poor excuse of a man.  But he wasn’t just a man any longer.  Hadn’t been for well over one hundred years.  He’d bravely died a man on that World War I battlefield in 1918, protecting all that he loved and treasured at the time.  Then they had saved him.  Gave him a choice to go on.  To fight for all mankind and not just those that he cared for in his small portion of the world.  They offered him life…immortal life…and brought him over, training and turning him into a warrior.
Would he still make that same choice today?  Knowing all that he would lose and all that he would yet have to endure?  Every fiery nerve, strained tendon and cramping, clenching muscle in his body, especially his traitorous heart, screamed No!  But his soul admitted defeat.  Yes, yes…always yes.  Odin informed him that there was no shame in rejecting the offer, no shame in choosing to take his well-earned rest in the eternity hereafter.  He had already proven his exceptional bravery and honor and those qualities made him a candidate for serving humanity as a Freyodin Warrior.
Realization dawned as he stared blindly at the ground with no care as to where his footfalls were taking him.  Fate had not determined the course of what was to be his long life.  He himself had and he knew he couldn’t blame fate or anyone else for his own mistakes.  No, she wasn’t a mistake.  Never that.  He had chosen to break the rules and fall in love with a mortal.  Not intentionally, of course, but it had happened none the less.  And he would have to bear the consequences…alone.
“Hey, there you are, man.”  The deep Southern Mississippi drawl brought him out of the depth of his momentary sorrows.
Vex’s head whipped up to meet the aqua blue gaze of his fellow warrior leaning against his car at the curb, but he said nothing.  Justice had been his closest friend for more than twenty-five years now and wouldn’t expect a reply after seeing the sorry state he was sure he reflected.  At six foot four, Vex’s frame should have stood proudly two full inches over his friend’s, but in his current solemnly stature, he was anything but.
“I thought I might find you here,” he continued as he uncrossed his arms from his broad chest and pushed himself away from his resting spot.  “Thought you might need a ride after…uh…”  His voice slowed and trailed away without finishing the thought as he looked first downward and then off into the distance.  Anywhere but Vex’s tormented eyes.
“Thanks,” he mumbled raking his fingers over his scalp through his long flaxen hair.  It was a nervous habit and an instant tell that all wasn’t right in Vex’s little world.  A habit he could never break himself of whenever he was preoccupied or stressed that left the shorter hair surrounding his face standing up on end in a spiked, bedhead fashion.
Without another word, Justice skirted around the front of the car and sat down in the driver’s seat, placing his hand on the key in the ignition.  Vex follow suit and took his place in the passenger’s seat, not bothering to buckle up.  There wasn’t much that could end his miserable existence, but a beheading through a car windshield would certainly do the trick well enough.
Justice stared straight ahead at the row of houses that banked either side of the street, a hardness claiming his jaw as he clamped his teeth tightly together trying to bite back the words.  “Are you okay?”
Vex’s gaze matched the direction of his friend’s, but the fog centered in his mind left him blindly staring at nothing but a white haze.  “I guess.  I mean, I don’t have a choice, do I?  I didn’t have a choice in any of this.”
Together, Justice and Vex were known as the World War Buddies, as Justice had been brought over during World War II.  They seemed to be naturally drawn to each other and had become and remained fast friends since that time.  Justice wanted to reassure his friend, to be there to help alleviate his pain in some way.  He wasn’t quite sure how he would do that, as he’d never really felt that strongly for a female, but for his friend, he wanted to try.
“No, I don’t believe you did.  We don’t have much choice who we fall in love with, I suppose.”  He paused and silence followed like a heavyweight within the confines of the vehicle.  “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry…and I’m here for you, brother…”
Through his peripheral vision, Justice watched Vex nod his head silently.
“Where would you like to go now?”  Oddly, his fingers were still wrapped around the key in the ignition as if frozen in time.
“Anywhere.  Just drive,” he managed.  As his sorrow turned to a simmering rage he hoped they’d run into the Huldrekall.  Beating a demon or two viciously to death sounded like something he needed right about now.
Justice turned the car’s engine over and slowly pulled away from the curb leaving behind Vex’s crushed heart and dreams of a love unfulfilled, tattered among the debris of dead fallen leaves on the street below.

*****

CHAPTER TWO



Ten Years Later…
“Yes, Rebecca.  I know.  I love you, too, and I shall never forget.”
“Wait!  No!  Don’t go.  Please.  Please, come back.”
Becca Forrester’s own sobbing screams woke her as she shot suddenly upright in her bed, fighting amongst the twisted cotton sheets she found herself tangled within.  Her heart beat erratically against her aching chest, pulse racing as if she’d just completed a marathon, sweat running in rivulets down her brow and between her breasts and the remnants of salty tears at the corners of her mouth.  She stared sightlessly at the outstretched arm in front of her, the hand reaching for some unseen thing that her mind just could not grasp.  Whatever it was, it was just out of reach, just beyond her ability to touch or visualize it, as though trapped behind a veil.  She screwed her eyes back half-shut, hoping she could still see a glimpse of it.  But it was gone.  Again.
Not it.  Him.  The man of her dreams that she could never fully remember.  She only knew that he was there one moment and then cruelly gone the next.  Every time.  It was the same thing every time.  That faceless man that made such wonderful love to her in her slumber.  So wonderful she never wanted to wake up.  But she always did and he always said the same thing before he disappeared.  Foggily fading out like some Hollywood movie magic illusion.
“Yes, Rebecca.  I know.  I love you, too, and I shall never forget.”  
It was always the last thing she could remember before gaining complete consciousness.
She snorted to herself with derision.  And it seems I’m destined never to remember, she ruefully thought.
She’d been haunted incessantly by these dreams again the past few nights.  Years ago, they’d plague her regularly, but the passing of time had lessened them to only the occasional occurrence.  Why now?  Why was the dream coming back to haunt her?
